The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Atmosphere Album: Overcast LP Song: 1597  Typed by: seoul8@aol.com [Slug] Hence forth, step within my psychoanalysis callouses upon my mind make me strain for my lines out I ripped it, squeeeeezed the brain: it made some liquid drained it in a cup and then I sipped it Atmosphere! The mic let me clutch it thoughts take flight so fit the Slug in your pipe and take a puff kid fuck it! I heat it like a tea pot - steam hot upon the roof: shoot a marble with the verbal slingshot take aim, here I came, I'm the same Back in '86, I'da tag my name upon your window pane stained the mind: a deep shade of residue voices within the head make choices multiple multiply Spawn, Slug a little buzz and Atmosphere the scuds, cuz here come the judge blasted; so past the kid a mic so we can paint this image of the gifted-anxious, to flip the language it's the noun meltdown from the outer-shell now smell the burning flesh fresh from the hell-bound and come on down here, this mind path, I'm half- mathematic Atmospheric staff with the rhyme craft comin to capture, your after-laughter while I'm hangin from this rafter, I have to rip this rapture cuz the cramps in my stomach, dismantle when I tamper wit your amplify, you damn-you die... Why try? The sky presents an eternally unfolding spectacle: One moment puffs of cumulous clouds get across it  and next a billowing thunderhead  perhaps 10 miles high looms over the horizon  probing the structure of the sky... Why try? [Slug] Cause I can read an emcee from front to back from the cover to the classified - I've pacified my mind with my rhyme skills - I climb hills and leap, foolish twitch with a single bound sending tingles down your spine, designed to swing a pound this ax_handle_tripled inch_spike_protruding from the tip of my mic distrubuting fuckin headshots shots to your head, now your're knee-deep, you need sleep as you trutch thru the sludge and the slugs and the bird shit we swarm with the bees and diseases and even if your deejay was Jesus, you could never fuck with these kids I've swarmed with the bees and diseases and even if your deejay was Jesus, you could never fuck with these kids [Spawn] Yea muthafucka! you know who you fuckin with you know what kind ass whooping comes with this your whole crew could get some of this,  your wack ass fuck kids is what the subject is roughnecks live, for only a second then they give oblivion's, what you've stepped in your reps token, should have been lookin I'm sick of you bitch-ass crews when: you tried take what's not your but 'cha couldn't take mine, your fake rhymes - spit them you shouldn't what will it be now? another victory ayo who will it be now? it's Spawn that emcee complete, a true champ - stamped that on my essence amped shootin presence, fattenin each fuckin sentence when its time, then it's time to go that's what I know, be rippin mics at every show we flow but who's got my back though? [Slug] Stress, Beyond, ANT, the Slug [Spawn] so you bests be on your way before there's trouble... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Atmosphere Album: Overcast! Song: Brief Description Typed by: Nelson2014@aol.com [Sample: "Have you heard it? Sing along.  If you didn't hear it you're gonna hear it right now."] [Slug] Bam, the door way opened for me  I saw ways and told the story Raw day dreams of holding glory Junior high, Hall way king Lockin' faggot MCs Beat boxin', breakin' Zulu Nation wannabees It didn't take long to see who would stay strong High school upon Some B-Boys put their gang bangs on But some kept on doing Step on to ruin Others that were pursuing the same shit we thought we ruled in But what a surprise  The passion for being the best  Puts a quest for allies to rest Dead In the Midwest where heads  Is just a hand full  In a land of gangstas Players, replacements, priests, banjos We scramble To break MCs that may appreciate it Guided by their envy insecurity and their hatred Separated by the gimmie props technique And a desire to be the tops this week I gotta floss the speak Cause talk is cheap Even the broke kids can afford it That's why I stand close and if you're dope then I'm supportive But if not We'll keep the mic warm For the next one Respect the artform And make your wishes on the stars born Within the movement Fact checkin' tryin' to completely avoid all channels of backstepping From the lines of paint on the concrete They reside on Lake Street To the way we close our eyes to sleep And drift through Deep Space 9 type shit To find this I've been around for as long as sound  I've been to that not so fresh faze And that not so serious state but I've evolved Metamorphed manifestate I used to be young, dumb and full of vision Like it was religious rituals I made initial decisions I wanted to be a rapper world renown From Minneap to the Bronx Capture girls in crowns Snap, crackle and stomp That's what I found The abyss that sits in-between the one that holds the mic and those that  don't even listen Formed some crews Rocked talent shows at schools Saturdays on the 18 make my way down to the record pool I met a grip of people that was bullshit Was down with a lot of people that was bullshit But I pull shit from the asshole of an angel before I let him hassle and  strangle The love triangle between me the mic and the turntable Went to studios We want to make demos We want to do shows and rock our own instrumentals Do our own production Fuckin' around with this kid Kazir Nitwit engineer Barely knew his own equipment, Atmosphere The prefix was urban Wrecked shows Made friends made foes Overall we made flows And right now as I sit here writing this I'm buggin' off the people in my life that made me like this Within the movement Fact checkin' Tryin' to completely avoid all channels of backsteppin' From the lines of painted concrete that reside on Franklin Ave To the dead bird on the elevator To that short in your cross fader I never got lost later For efforts to pester Just throw your hands up in the air like a leper I've been to that not so fresh faze And to that not quite so serious state Metamorph manifestate Well sometimes it rings and I don't answer it That's it no asterisks No thirst to find the circumstances It was planted in me deep It was nurtured and it grew Gave it sleep and nutrition It was efficient let it through There are a few that have developed when I let them in my spectrum For the rest of em I give them just enough to cause infection Not trippin' on attention But if you ? it's welcome Open arms patient charms I know the words and I can spell them Seldom is it When one inquisits Do they leave with this interest In fact most begin crave the business Bringin' me to the table  That's it no more no less The love the life the stress Slug, the mic, the mess Testin' Yes, I've been tested and I've tested some I'm not sayin' I'm the best Believe I'm not Like the rest of em Just sayin' I'm better than you That's my mind state My rhymes take me into When I check one two I guess some do get pissed But intentions were to inspire Built the empire before I get tired The ones that tare me down don't know it But they're the same ones that build me Now quietly in your head say, "Yes you can feel me." [Sample: "Asking himself, even before the curtain goes up, what am I? I am now 80 years old, and more, and I am determined to find precisely  what I am, what I amount to. They tell me I am everything, they flatter  me everyday, of my life. I am now going to subject myself to a rigorous  test in order to find out really what I am. I don't care about? I don't  about rule, anymore. It is of no importance to me, as such, but I must  find out what I am before I die."] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Atmosphere Album: Overcast! Song: Current Status Typed by: newos_crib_is@hotmail.com [Beyond] I peep Rap City highlights to my eyesight Witnesses, bitches and kids fronting to bring their shit You get nothing from this, write redundant, I leave the dumb shit I never half-ass, my blast has you overcome with the basement aroma, should've waited for your diploma Instead you dropped out, now you grab the microphone to let the fox out, I box out this center Ripping to end your agenda cause I'm the microphone binger Since you started rhyming you been barred from flying Tryna push me to peep, I didn't buy your tape cause pussy is cheap Pushing me deep, so I brush it to fuck it You get rusted to rubbish cause my stuff is conducted on some thoroughness, that "fuck the world" shit don't make it happen You roll without friends and that sure as hell don't attract 'em The five-man travelling band, I stand sagging my pants Caramel skin color, the slim brother I cancel and contort your financial support A&Rs ridiculed for having thoughts to deliver you Give your crew brain lacerations You having dreams about stardom is only fame masturbation My name has awaken the criterion So judgement is passed, anybody budges I blast Bussin that ass and got class for the clone Brothers need to relax straight to the back like domes [Chorus: Slug] + (Beyond) Where you at? (To all the bad heads with the word) Where you at? (And if you getting fed by the herb) Where you at? (And all the brothers keeping shit tough) Where you at? (And others talking shit about us... bitch) [Slug] No excuses, I feel that there's none needed I know that you resent me cause I study how I'm greeted I'm quick to touch the mic for the rep and for the loot I'm known around my village as the mouth that likes to shoot Now I no longer have time for your irrelevance because the ignorance is just as dangerous as the intelligence It's all about the passage, I'm trying to grasp it and hopefully my son will forgive me for my habits I manage to pity those flavorless with shitty flows Amped of their camp acting out their favorite videos Save it, give me those trophies you call balls for my display case, now walk away and save face Fuck the beef, even you believe it ain't needed I know that deep down you respect me cause you study how I'm greeted It's sewing up seams, it's plugging holes Slug knows it takes more than toy flows and a B-boy pose See, he keeps it clear and he strikes the fear and he even caught a Grammy for marketing strategy of the year Where, oh where is the server? Current status, emcees need to take their bras off and burn 'em [Chorus: Beyond] + (Slug) Where you at? (To the ones that's in the front with their hands in the air like they just don't care) Where you at? (And to them kids in the back tactfully surveying the stage to see who's wack) Where you at? (And to the ones who grab the mics at shows house parties or by self, yeah go head, get your flow on man) Where you at? (And to that kid crawling out his crib at night putting fame on trains bus benches and stop lights) [Slug] Lavish, I'll never have it I get too happy doing atmospheric damage to your amateurish madness Lavish, I'll never have it I get too happy doing atmospheric damage to your amateurish madness Check your current status The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Atmosphere Album: Overcast Song: Complications Typed by: vmilosh@hotmail.com * * send corrections to the typist Spoken: Yo this is dedicated, to this girl that I dated Complicated maze, Complicated maze [Verse 1] At first sighting, only a stranger to my eyes, couldn't keep them off me I'm sure your friend recognized, I didn't care, I had to stare, stood there at attention Not many words mentioned still I felt the thought connection, wanted to sex then Got to know you wanted more, Things got complex when You had a man and wasn't sure My thoughts were pure, Is it gonna be him? Or is gonna be me? Cause that's the way I have to have it Grasped the idea, Ms scribble head Talia Wanted you to feature but your man is screwing up the procedure What is it that you say? I'm on your mind all day But still say you're content, how the situation lay Why you play? Why do you stay? There's something better Know you felt it when you received my first poetic letter Why you fronting? Tell me something Is it that you want your cake and stuff it down your face too? Did I have to chase you? Why oh why do you cry? Instead of afraid of losing me I think that you're confusing me a lot No wait a minute stop, bring that back I missed a page Was it that time of the month or were you going through a phase? [Chorus - repeat 2X] Complicated maze. This crazed bitch is perfect Come back in later days. Talk to me when you're certain You're always changing. Never stay the same person Come back in later days. Talk to me when you're certain [Verse 2] Miss Merry weather, the partial, the martial artist of fake imitation love products Now facing you is irritation Know you used to have me placing you on pedestals like a goddess Personality changes it seemed to me you were the oddest Soon to depart us like red seas by Moses Our friendship's diseased, unfeasible, hopeless No reasonable answers to my question of focus, Caused my tension Nothing made sense when you replied with a tied tongue Said you feared abusiveness, I never swung Why all these excuses miss? What have I done? Figured I had the right kind of lady, yeah maybe it was fun, for you But not for me, I found it quite unamusing You were using me as a bridge just to pass what was left behind Play times for dangerous minds, but why'd it have to be mine? Why'd it have to be mine? [Slug - speaking] Now I'm not really trying to come of abrasive but why you messing with my mans head? I mean I'm spending time trying to keep his mind on rhymes and beats and you're a distraction. I mean you got my man just shook I mean honestly I guess what I'm trying to say is... Virgin torn from sleep, the newborn (*Slug speaking* 'Why are you doing this? See you're too old to be playing games') And it was easy to get too deep, the water was lukewarm Virgin torn from sleep, the newborn (*Slug speaking* 'you wanna come back?') And it was easy to get too deep, the water was lukewarm [Verse 3] Do you know what today is? It's the third anniversary, you came back to flirt with me For certain, you must mistake me for a fool See I know how you are, I see those tricks in you Tried to make amends, there's something new Had problems with your friend, so it's me you always run to Come to, and smell the coffee, go drink the pot with extra caffeine Cause next to acting you win awards for cloudy vision Tired of vision for the what, why and when Will this repetition end, step away and give me oxygen Not interested in talking, say nothing keep walking go bout your away See the colors of these areas have started turning gray See you later goodnight, got no more candles to light Yo its time to move along cause baby something isn't right Still I'm glad I met you, its too bad you screwed it up The only thing I regret is that I didn't get to (fuck) {*spoken till finish: 'I was blind and now I see'*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Atmosphere Album: Overcast! Song: 4:30 AM Typed by: danmaftei@yahoo.com [El-P] So Tootsie Roll the fuck back to your seat cause I don't like you [Slug] Hey Spawn tell me a joke Hahahahaha Hey yo Spawn, what you doing? Hahahaha! [Slug] I sever heads just to sharpen my skills Zoom in on braids like a John Carpenter kills Surprise, that's the element, your confidence is delicate Never recuperates, I leave your mutant celibate Break the victim down to a jelly consistency The brain twisted spits, now tell me who gets with me I felt they were listening and the smell of fear amps me Sweet tooth, room full of candy wrappers, I get antsy Mission activated, attention captivated Vocals ring bring the so-called king unstages assassinated You're nice, where you from? That's the question I ask Distraction got struck pull their heart out their ass To blast this nuclear, when the crew appears So sheek shelter, the only helpful advice Is that you should steer clear of the exits I take reps and make messes Broken, when the spot closes we're off to breakfast Invested breath, skills, adrenaline Refill the guth into my hut to build with the pentagon From Henipen to Lexington the first section conquered Laid seeds in the soil, preeped to props and on 'em??? [Spawn] It's 4:30 AM, do you know where your head's at? It's 4:30 AM, do you know where your head's at? It's 4:30 AM, do you know where your head's at? It's 4:30 AM, do you know where your head's at? [Slug] Can't expect everyone to see shit the way I see it Can't expect anyone to be dope the way I be it So be it, atmosphere leaks through like sunbeams To snap you like a bungee when the Sayers takes the country Hungry, and this emptiness makes me grumpy Take an emcee, stuff him between some bread cheese and lunch meat It's just a snack, rely on Ant to thrust a track Into the mind as I slip behind the whack and crush his back Must react, if we don't we have no work So I stomp them, let a steam remove remains upon the astroturf Now who's eager? To be made a believer? It wakes the dead when I shake a rival's head until his teeth hurt Need jerk, when I yank your brain into a beaver And melt the weak channels in your receiver You need to keep your beaver in your pants Fuck your leisure and your plans I wear a Van Halen T-shirt Bust a stance and crush your plans It's all inside the flows balance, we figure well Your style has the personality of a speak?? You need development to reach the plateau I'm at So take a fat step back so I don't mistake you as a bat [Spawn] It's 4:30 AM, do you know where your head's at? It's 4:30 AM, do you know where your head's at? It's 4:30 AM, do you know where your head's at? It's 4:30 AM, do you know where your head's at? The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Atmosphere f/ Beyond Album: Overcast LP Song: Adjust Typed by: rclewis@zianet.com [Verse 1 : Slug] I woke up on the wrong side of my head converts the day into search for awake until I go to bed I drove up, but misplaced the directions they learned ignored the arrows and the signs just follow the sense I don't know whether or not you can comprehend levers and knobs got stripped and that was just within the launch of it they found me up in up to my neck all they saw was his head on top the ocean it didn't stop the motion, they kept goin' perfect, didn't recognize Slug or the effects he'd have when he disrupts the class mission bound, twisting around my realm of lost cash is expensive, I think O can smell the cost decomposure, something died right behind that wall TV gave me all I needed it only took a phone call paid by the minute 85%'s a second coming all over the breasts of she who left the water running flood the basement, drowned the MC's and centipedes filed complaints, civil suits and try to sue the sidle tendancies energy drained, drain plugged -- hence the flood find the fault line, shift plate, take blame off of Slug [Beyond] Adjustments - they need to be constructed, Adjustments - they need to be constructed, Adjustments - they need to be constructed, Adjustments - they need to be constructed, Adjustments [Verse 2 : Slug] Aiyo Money lets sit down if you've got the time cuz if can take the time I've got some substance on my mind no I don't really know you, but i know who you are we've spoke a few times, joked a few times we even toked a few times I can remember one time purchasing weed from you once yeah it was worth it one time we even discussed maybe hooking up and workin' it didn't happen, but that's not the reason for this I know I should just get to the point so lets all get to the point but lets all get to the point you may get pissed at what I'm about to spit bottom line is mad or not somebody needs to say this shit when I'm finished, you might wanna fight but I don't wanna fight, i've seen you fight go ahead get wild, and I'll still smile for bein' right see me and mics are like marriage -- make's life complete and you've been fuckin' with nasal drugs renders love obsolete I dare to speak upon you, not to front on you but I'd rather address this here matter  than have to duck and shun you it's getting close to harvest, time to count your livestock all I've got for a hype is a 5 spots to shovel my sidewalk it's still within you, I can see it, I think it froze 'cuz you keep cooling it off putting winter in your nose [Beyond] Man, I don't know about you no more kid I mean look at your shit, I mean your shits all off balance I mean I don't know, your fucking with these drugs and shit I just don't know, I don't know Adjustments - they need to be constructed Adjustments - they need to be constructed [Verse 3: Slug] Adjustments they remain, but not just for the purpose of adaption cuz that's natural, I'm trying to stay alert to actions surroundings became more dangerous the more familar i've became with strangers and the more I've focused on they strangeness strain with this, but i guess that's out of choice, he pinned me down, gave me the right to shut up after I used my voice well guess what? Fuck You and that's all I wanted to say go tell your kids about my crew and the next venue we're gonna play stressed out, but that's nothing new everyone is and it's gonna stay that way cuz nowadays that's how we're running shit punishment: that's just another fancy way to say it's time to wake up fuck your fame I'm trying to build some game for my man Jacob that's my son some say spittin' image same smile different grimace when grown I hope he's never prone to heed the limits of life, life probably the biggest word I've ever said, that says alot cuz there's a whole lot of words inside my head death almost a quarter deep, still ain't learned to cope I struggle to see the horizon while I'm hanging from this rope [Beyond] Adjustments - they needed to be constructed Adjustments - they needed to be Constructed Adjustments Adjustments - they needed to be Constructed Adjustments - they needed to be Constructed Adjustments Adjustments - they needed to be Constructed Adjustments - they needed to be Constructed Adjustments - they needed to be Constructed Adjustments - they needed to be Constructed Adjustments - they needed to be Constructed Adjustments - they needed to be Constructed The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Atmosphere Album: Overcast LP Song: Clay Typed by: dpdooley@hotmail.com When I first landed the damage was outlandish anguish, anxiousness, and taking it for granted but when I first landed I was so relieved I lost my focus so we exceeded recommended dosages now I hold the crib? that holds the soul that holds the poet skills exlcusive it leaves illusions of unfocused flows I don't suppose you're taking too much time breaking too much mind trying to unravel the parable? that dismantled and left the lines in need of some assembly so I can find the secret key and free all the emcees this planet spins on a thin axis all axis passes won't help you to grasp the atmos' I mean, what did you think my agenda was to freestyle, smile, get paid to smoke weed, and grab the mic and spoonfeed? there's more to this than just paying the rent if you're riding on this song you need to ride it to the end what could you say as the Earth gets further and further away? planets as small as balls of clay (x4) some shells get broke some keep their wigs closed some get exposed as little man big pose some make moves and some stay daydreamers but everbody seems to want some loot, food amd a beemer well make mine hunter green with camel insides, 10 percent tips, Mr. Pibb and some french fries inch by inch I take it closer to the shoulder but day by day it's getting harder to stay sober once again on the edge, head's inebriated movement needs motive, it's easier to be sedated what makes me mighty and another tiny? why does my psyche give a damn about whether or not you like me? if this crime's right I might be wrong I grip this mic tight because it's all I really have a grip on so let the losers lose and let the players play the difference is the day to the dust some clay, what [Chorus - 4X] who's world is that? it ain't mine, and I'm grateful already got a plate full of clay on my table I'm capable of handling fate, I know this so do the people that get pissed when this microphonist spits too many get caught up in the lines that emcees thought up but it's clear to me the ones that fear me are the one's that outta I spot a blemish on your planet's existence I deliver subtle terror submerged in clever sentences instantly pissin? away the misfits the only residue that came of the hypothecially spew they sprayed when they swayed I'd have em half of 'em can't fathom where the 'Mats? from I may be on those you can ask 'em at last, when we get down to it there's more than sand and fluid in how I revolve and evolve can we solve the secrets? No. can we take trinkets? No. so when the ink hits it's more than just a sequenced flow I can't bring you with me so I'm a leave me here centuries from now they're gonna study Atmosphere carefully I steer, I'm aware life is fatal when I go, I wanna go like Ho, taken by the play-dough [Chorus - 4X] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Atmosphere Album: Overcast EP Song: Sound is Vibration Typed by: prose2kahn@aol.com [Slug] I'm sparked, waiting for the dark to hit Cause when the moon gets above my apartment I catch fits for starting shit I'm smart with it, I give it that special touch when I push it Cause I'm also a label rep, and I can't allow no bullshit So shush kid, shush baby! Shut your eyes Lay your head back, shed the fear and let the tears crystallize I wish the flies to land upon your forehead When I extract the essence from your head and leave your body resting Moorehead I left more dead reputations than HIV kills But for every killing there's a reason and it's not just MC's, man! I'm watching C-SPAN, waiting for the first state rep To take the first step, to have to kill off to make this world perfect Well lets get shit right, right here! Right now! Right away! Atmosphere motherfucker! If I need to I could fly away I'll grind you and your weak crew into beef stew Serve you with seafood You can't glide by vision cuz you're see-through [Spawn] You need to recognize the size of the atlas You ain't as tall as half this - match this - past what you practice Obviously you can't fuck with my tactics, you bastard Thats why you breath fast bitch - no need to ask [Slug] We dug the fingernails underneath the skin of your scalp, then peeled it Sent your underdeveloped pre-school style on a field trip Now bite your tongue, this is how the mic gets stung A whole tree to pick some fruit from, man! You had to choose the ripest one [Spawn] That said it all, it comes from inside, and how you ride  the sound wire when it's live and the vibes feelin right Catchin' the motion given by rhythms when you hit 'em on time with lines, makin' sure your rhyme soundin' tight Your voice should travel without the babble of the average emcee so listen please use discretion when you breath sound is vibration, I choose to use it with a vision and then comes the style and precision... [Slug] No more longer will we hold your hands Why? Cause you're too damn old Oh yea, the network called They told me to tell ya you've been cancelled They also said big up for all the support Thanks to your devotion, they now control the world So let your hair down and eat the poison with a tall glass of Tang I'm rising past the bang, with smile I'm flashin my fangs I tumble over some, cuz some I don't over stand I got the crowd respond, from now on, I know the plan [Spawn] It's the noise it makes, that generates the passion I have It's the void it breaks, that stimulates when mics get grabbed It takes shape - escapes from these vocal chords I have Atmosphere: music makers from the Rhymesayers lab [Slug] Come now, (?) test the giants, when we apply this Vice grips to your eyelids to make you read the fine print The tyrants that gave you crisis, left you silenced Don't breath a sigh of relief 'till you hear the rescue sirens [Spawn] Supreme, be this team, we got this shit on lock Obviously we hit the gear under upscale rocks So you could knock all you want to but you ain't gettin' in You could try to crash the door but you ain't gettin' in Nigga, what! My definition is raw, I got you all wishin' I'd fall, so things could get better for y'all but I'm tall, and got game, remain the same for the duration      Area code 6-1-2, my present location... [Slug] Atmosphere...embellished with talent and the wisdom not abuse it Blessed with insight, friends and influences Thats what keeps us dope, what makes us dope is the surroundings Inspiration stems from love and stress compounding Stamina: that is achieved over the course of time in fact, time taught me how to breath, battle, not to court my mind  defined as lyricist - the Atmosphericist makin sure you fear this hit every time you hear this shit [Spawn] Sound is vibration [Slug] This sound is taken [Spawn] Sound is vibration [Slug] And the ground is shaken [Spawn] Vibration is sound [Slug] Yo, we found your replacement [Spawn] Vibration is sound [Slug] Now who makes the sound? [Slug & Spawn] : Now who makes the music/sound? (*fades out*) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Atmosphere Album: Overcast EP/LP Song: Multiples Typed by: Prose2Kahn@aol.com "Right now, we gonna get together and give you a tune That we had a lot of requests for..."  [Spawn] I never gave props to emcees who dont deserve it Never smoked rocks, never had guts to serve it Never had a glock, never seemed to be worth it Never had I thought life was gonna be perfect Never hit the chicks unless I have a jimmy hat Never leave the crib unless I have my shit intact Never do I say a rhyme unless the beat is fat Best believe that, never will the Spawn come wack Never went to court, never had to serve trial Never went to jail, had no records on file Never direspect, never treat my friends wild Cus I never had real friends till now [-Spawn/*Slug] -So this goes to those *Who be supporting at the shows -And this goes to those *Who's always working on they flows -And this goes to those *Who use music intake to escape  findin' love and happiness inside a mixtape -And this goes to those *Who's criticism is constructive -And this goes to those *Who lyrically we just cant fuck with -And this goes to those *Who's love is so strong you can shut your eyes  and see them when you listenin' to they songs -This goes to those *Who eat and sleep with turntables -This goes to those *Who say fuck the major lables -And this goes to those *Who unsigned and dead broke  can still make a name before they even make a demo -This goes to those *Who keep the freight trains lit up -And this goes to those *Who roam the night just to get up -And this goes to those *Who tag and paint walls with aerosol  lost city from Minneapolis to St. Paul -This goes to those *Who flip the b-boy acrobatics -And this goes to those *Who put the ball in the baskets -This goes to those *A few who listen to the lyrics  cuz this flow's for those who can dig the Atmosphere shit [-Spawn/*Slug] -Its like that shit *Its like this shit +True heads are the real music critics -Was always better with flows, *then I was with shoulder pose +But no matter where you live my man the love is multiple (2X) [-Spawn/*Slug] -Anxiety: *thats my new drug of choice -Society: *where you go when you loose your voice -Rivalry: *stems from the shit you man's selling me,  dont lie to me I know the real definition is jealousy -Observation: *thats my tactic to complain -Conversation: *distract you while I pick your brain -Atmosphere: *up there lyrical unit  that leaves the average emcee confused like a eunuch -Nonetheless: *thats how I often change the subject -Second guess: *thats what they all do to Slug's shit -Ironic: *most kids pale in comparison  the mind phonics, so comes the hail of some embarassment -Roller-coaster: *a metaphor for my delivery -Overdose: *results of having battle tendencies -Activated: *everytime its my turn to rip,  the masturbated means that you finally came to grip *So reality must mean, -guns, bitches, and weed *Cuz salary is what comes from: -guns, bitches, and weed *Integrity, means you're in pain cuz you're in love  collectively means that none of yall could fuck with Slug -Its like that, never the wack, an actual fact *Its like act transglobal and local so hold me back *Its like daamn ageless-tenseness-wandering *Its a struggle, between what you can give and what you want to [-Spawn/*Slug] -Its like that shit *Its like this shit +True heads are the real music critics -Was always better with flows, *then I was with shoulder pose +But no matter where you live my man the love is multiple (2X) "Right now" scratched The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Atmosphere Album: Overcast Song: Scapegoat Typed by: jselinski@hotmail.com Verse One: SLug It's the caffeine, the nicotine, the miligrams of tar It's my habitat, it needs to be cleaned, it's my car It's the fast talk they use to abuse and feed my brain It's the cat box it needs to be changed, it's the pain It's women, it's the plight for power it's government It's the way you're giving knowledge  slow with thought control and subtle hints It's rubbing it, It's itching it, It's applying cream It's the foreigners sight seeing with high beams, It's in my dreams It's the monsters that I conjure, It's the marijuana It's embarrassment, displacement, it's where I wander It's my genre, It's Madonna's videos It's game shows, cheap liquor, blunts,  and bumper stickers with rainbows It's angels, demons, gods, it's the white devils It's the monitors, the soundman, it's the fucking mic levels It's gas fumes, fast food, Tommy Hil' and mommy's pill Columbia House music club, designer drugs and rhyming thugs It's bloods, crips, fives, six It's stick up kids,  It's christian conservative terrorists, it's porno flicks It's the east coast, no it's the west coast  It's public schools, it's asbestos It's mentholated, It's techno It's sleep, life, and death It's speed, coke, and meth It's hay fever, pain relievers, oral sex, and smokers breath It stretches for as far as the eye can see It's reality, fuck it , it's everything but me On and on and on and on The list goes on and on and on and on   > "it's all according that life on a whole..." It's in the water, it's in the air, it's in the meat It's indirect, indiscrete, inconsistent, incomplete It's in the streets, every city and everywhere you go In every man it's the insanity, the fantasy, the casualties It's the health care system, it's welfare victims It's assault weapons, it's television religion, and it's false lessons It's cops, police, pigs with badges guns and sticks It's harassment and a complex you carry when you're running shit It's wondering if you get to eat, it's the heat It's the winter , the weather It's herpes, and it's forever It's the virus that takes the lives of the weak and the strong It's the drama that keeps on between me and my seed's mom It's that need to speak long, it's that hunger for attention It's the wack , who attack songs of redemption It's prevention, It's the first solution It's loose, it's out for retribution,  it's mental pollution...and public execution It's the nails that keep my hands and feet to these boards It's the part time job that governs what you can afford It's the fear, It's the fake  It's clear it can make time stop  and leave you stranded in the year of the snake It's the dollar, yen, pound, it's all denomination It's hourly wages for your professional observations It's on your face and it's in your eyes It's everything you be Cause it ain't me, motherfucker, cause it ain't me, uh On and on and on and on The list goes on and on and on and on (3x)   > "It's all according that life on a whole..." Original Hip-Hop Lyrics Archive The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Atmosphere Album: Overcast Song: WND Typed by: phrozen_emcee@hotmail.com [Slug] It's summer, and I'm chillin on my steps with my little crew Just like the videos, just like all the little rappers do We voice love to the heads we know that walk past Sunshine and smilin, Livin out of a shot glass And I talk fast when it comes to girls Hey baby I'm just a nut tryin to fuck a squirrel Maybe we could shut the world up Let some slug into your life Suddenly she hypes an eyebrow up, like "What do you mean?" and I start buggin like "If I was to fallowed you home would you keep me Would you feed me, would you pet me Would I fuck you till your sleepy?" She said I'm creepy, and walked off Too late, I already got off on the fact you even stopped You knew I'd treat you like an object You knew I was a rapper, you knew it was the trend For us rapper men to disrespect women infront of friends Nonetheless; here comes that kid Sean that I used to be cool with Went to school with, now this kid is talkin fool shit Gettin supper touchy with his lips about how I stuck his bitch supposedly What the fuck is this supposed to be Sean's got nuts, hes alone, I'm wit crew Now tell me what the fuck I'm supposed to do I spew. Look (???) makes believers of cartoons And I happen to know your bitch sleeps in until the afternoon Honestly, my man, you don't bother me Cause Everybody bleeds, now go and ask your seed who his father be I'm like "What, What" (I'm like) "What Kid What" I'm like "What, What" (I'm like) "What Kid What" I'm like "What, What" (I'm like) "What Kid What" I'm like "What, What" (I'm like) "What Kid What" [Slug] Now Sean kicked my ass, I ain't gonna lie, ain't gonna laugh It wasnt fun, but fuck 'em, I'ma get my gun Shit like that gets done in the world of rap If they pushin on ya vibe, you just a pussy if it slides So I sprint up three flights, Get into the feet whipe on the door Draggin dirt and blood on the rug, and the wood floor Couldn't believe my squad just stood there and watched Word to God, this boy tellin me to blame it on my cock I'm amped, and I'ma shoot every motherfucker out there I'm ill, and I'm gonna prove that shit when I get back downstairs Into the bedroom, my passion aimed at the closet Visualizing the top shelf, thats where the shoebox is I push the top up, enough to fit my hand in Reach into the box in a frenzy, realizing that it's empty Hand rests in the box, head festers in an open stun Then I remember, I don't even own a gun "What, What" (I'm like) "What Kid What" I'm like "What, What" (I'm like) "What Kid What" I'm like "What, What" (I'm like) "What Kid What" I'm like "What, What" (I'm like) "What Kid What" I'm like "What, What, (I'm like) "What Kid What" I'm like "What, What, What Kid What" I'm like "What, What, What Kid What" I'm like "What, What" (I'm like) "What Kid What" I'm like "What, What, What, What" [Outro] Writers Never Die Writers Never Die Writers Never Die Writers Never Die The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Atmosphere Album: Overcast! Song: Multiples (Reprise) Typed by: newos_crib_is@hotmail.com [Slug] My afterword analysis was the average made me anxious But I began to breathe the substances, these bugs gave me a brain cyst Somehow I caught a cluster of clay, now everyday's Christmas Don't you dabble with my destiny peasant, please keep your distance Every man that escalates is easily erased And your faculty is a fallacy to my family, that's to your face I grate the gravel and grass to dig graves for gremlins But they've had it up to here with how many I've sent to heaven I indeed not indifferent to the spirit of ism Every Jones is justifiable, just read it in my jism The killers keep the kilos in the kitchen while the kids nap But I lost love for larceny from the impact of the lid slap Motivation made into the net of the mic's mesh You never even noticed the novice was holding niceness Over and over the observations had to open me Peripheral vision and pitch control to prove the potency You're on quite a quest, but let me quiz you with a question Did you read the rest and did you reach your point of reference? See now it's simple, call me "son", I'll refer to you as "surrogate" The turntables turn cause you was tugging on your tunicate Underwent the upset and made your whole unit urine In the vents, sprayed a variety of verbs on the vermin The weasels, weaknesses was wrecked on a Wednesday X marks the xenon, be the xenolith on my X-ray Yesterday you saw me spool my yarn to the youth Zigzagged through the zone and broke the zodiac like Zeus Zigzagged through the zone and broke the zodiac like Zeus Zigzagged through the zone and FUCKED your microphone Rhymesayers, six-one-two The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Atmosphere Album: Overcast EP Song: Caved In Typed by: kilianwrestling@hotmail.com [D. Turner] The door opened, in walked my brother Terrified, teary-eyed, I'm wide open Only to hear our father died It's not true, I'm hopin' I need some air, I'm chokin Get me off this ride, where's life goin? Feelin' I'm lost, I'm frozen Suspended in mid-traumatized state Why I'm chosen for this fate? I don't know Head shakes back and forth emotional Unsociable, not speakin' Remainin silent, cause I'm weakened Deep inside I'm freakin' Want my father back, I need him Why's God cheatin? Takin' half the two that gave me life My mind replaces thought, now no longer can I sleep at night Not feelin' right, insecure, now what's my future lookin' like? Ain't dealt with death before, age 11 and can't take no more My hands on the floor cause my stomachs feelin' sick and I was mad at the Lord Because he took him all too quick that day On his way to pick me up, he never made it Blamed it all on myself, therefore I dwelled in self-hatred On a path called destruct, many thought I wouldn't make it I hate it, the way I feel, but I just can't seem to shake it Somebody take it away, this mad situation My world is breakin' and I feel I'm 'bout to cave in [Chorus x2] I tried to take it all in After it all settled I couldn't begin Accepting you were gone, but understood [D.Turner] Hey dad, I miss you, for everyday gone And for the rest of my life, try to remain strong Until we reunite, live on, your memory From the seeds you planted gently Thanks for being there for me And all the time you spent with me Love sent for me(?), if I could only have that day back To sit down and rap, shoot the breeze and have a chat But the fact still remains, still later, on the day I have to meet our maker I write my feelings on the paper, for now Along the golf course where you once played I see you as I drive by, I feel you like your presence is there I stop and I stare, I see the pictures of days we shared Well aware that you cared, makin sure I was prepared for life The hardships, the struggles, the garbage, and the troubles That come with it, always kept my head lifted I grip it close to my heart, everthing you taught me My dad, my hero, you have my love for all eternity [Chorus x4] I tried to take it all in After it all settled I couldn't begin Accepting you were gone, but understood The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Atmosphere Album: Overcast! Song: Cuando Limpia el Humo Typed by: Byronxc@hotmail.com [Slug/(Beyond)] Patterned around the thought and the will We shattered the sound of perpendicular noise Now gather 'round, blueprints to rebuild On top of that, I found I'm gettin' sick of your voice Retentive, the Earth makes me tend to introvert And I've presented the worth of these kicks and this wrinkled shirt Ingested verse for seconds and a big dessert presented Thirst with sprinkles of dope indisbursed When you burst, it won't be an accident It'll be a worldwide web of heads takin' this shit back again (6-1-2) Now find the emergency exits 'Cause I'ma snap a spine to make an example of the skeptics (Atmosphere) I don't care if you know me or you hate me Just come check out the show and travel back home safely Lately, a weird thought occured to me What if I was to grab the mic, which one of y'all would service me? (Watch the rhythm) Inventions to rock the restless and kill your ego Your whole karma's vibin' off the vex It's best if you take a hard look at what you're givin' me ('Cause your name and your rank don't mean shit to me) [Slug and Beyond] Stars and Stripes are like cars and bikes They're just vehicles you steer to ride other peoples fears Stars and Stripes are like nails and spikes They're just tools that you use against the physical rules [Beyond] Put down your weapon son (Slug talking) Put down your weapon son Put down your weapon son Would you put down your weapon? [Slug/(Beyond)] I heard a grip of little voices in a thousand heads Calling me out of my rest to come and plow your steps An elder once told me to always use precision (Discretion and vision when you start the ignition) 'Cause any engine is highly delicate and what you got to say Is irrelevant if you're talking for the hell of it I smell some shit, check your sole, brotha did you step in it, now who suffers from my control deficite? I can't go out like you ('cause you lack dopeness) I'll break your whole crew down to (a bunch of wack poets) Shrapnel gets lodged under your clavicle When your man exploded, Atmosphere concoctin' antidote shit Fuck 'em and the record deal that they rode in on When Shawn is in his vocal groove I come to choke your truth Broke your screws now its open and loose and its ? (Beyond came along and stabbed a DJ in the foot) The spokes bend and buckle (and the wheel collapses) There ain't no need to even ask whether or not you feel the Atmos I'm peelin' back heads performing brain surgery' And sewing 'em back up (There, now you've heard of me) [Slug and Beyond] When the smoke clears, you won't be able to choke tears When the smoke clears, when the smoke clears (2x) [Beyond] Put down your weapon sir (Slug talking) Put down your weapon sir Put down your weapon sir Put down your weapon [Slug/(Beyond)] As I sit here with my head between my hands Attention span focused on trying to read the plans I can't shake the thoughts that it might be in vain So I play the radio while I drive me insane (I travel like the wind) I travel like Avis I feel as if I've been to hell and back and I ain't even been to Vegas Pages and pages of notebooks dedicated To separatin' snake skin and amputatin' fake lips (Underestimated) But when you heard me, your masculinity went girly And your whole crew broke out early (Self-preservated) Avoidance is the first choice Calculated: Step the fuck away when you hear this voice Moist, thats how we leave 'em rendered Either the brain or the pubic region, depending on your gender And if you're a female head (no disrespect intended) Unless you step to me on the mic, you must be sheddin' your placenta I wear the honor of an emcee's past Where I wonder "Is this wasteland encased in cheap glass?" Reflected to find the status where you stand (You're just another victim with a mic in your hand) [Slug and Beyond] When the smoke clears, you won't be able to choke tears When the smoke clears, when the smoke clears (4x) [Slug] When the smoke clears, you won't be able to choke tears (7x) When the smoke, Smoke The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Atmosphere Album: Overcast! Song: The Outernet Typed by: newos_crib_is@hotmail.com [Slug] For starters, I contemplated on where to split you Marked a spot with a dotted line, then ripped you Used careful procedure, if you listen closely you can hear the ghostly moans of phobes bleeding through the speakers The voices of various toys who ate the poison Fucking up the solo juts and the ones that snuck their boys in Like a free-for-all buffet when my team cultivates a crowd of loose heads and boosted heads get called and all of them fall this way Used to be on a mission to destroying emcees' existence Now I'm tryna build so we can make this shit efficient Strength is in the mind and strength is in the numbers Too much sleep, then you slumber so we linked the bees and stung you I brung you three times as much as your fucking idols brought to you But since you know me locally, you dismissed me as an obstacle Fuck it, Rhymesayers already got the twin cities locked Support's overwhelming, ain't no need for you to give me props (Hook X2) It's time to reach out, grab the nation and the earth Let's see where your hearts at, let's put the outernet to work (Chorus X2) I spent my whole life working to get to the point that I'm at So now I spend my time tryna reach my destination I'll be at the end waiting with my crew for the rest of you to arrive to shed the destitute mind state supplied by life [Slug] He said what? He's telling all of his boys that I can't rhyme Then I guess the shit's a success if I'm even on his mind He's doing what? Recording a project? Good, he should be I'm not impressed, it's obvious y'all never understood me I dwell in a land of ten thousand Hip Hop fans And every fan thinks he's an emcee, heads are heavy but they're empty I dwell in a land of twenty thousand emcees But only half of them are head influenced, tense confusion stems Damn, no need to worry about what the next man's doing That's what keeps you from perceiving what I'm pursuing Here's a clue and kill your demo, I'm tryna make history on a bus full of empty seats, now who wants to sit with me? In case you're unaware, we've been doing this forever and ain't damn thing changed, financial status nor the weather However, lack of cash reinforces passion Fuck the rapping, man if I was wack, I'd promote "The Happenings" (Hook X2) The difference between the average head and an emcee is effort Pick a side, either side, let's begin the network (Chorus X2) I spent my whole life working to get to the point that I'm at So now I spend my time tryna reach my destination I'll be at the end waiting with my crew for the rest of you to arrive to shed the destitute mind state supplied by life [Slug] As an emcee, I run rhymes to distribute the fun times As a lyricist, I promise to heat up your brain like sunshine As an emcee, my goal is to make the whole show dope As a lyricist, I wanna spit that shit that you can quote As an emcee, I provoke my producer to stroke your spirit So as a lyricist, I can't be choking on my lyrics As an emcee, I know the key is originality And as a lyricist, I command other emcees to respect me That's it, respect, that's all, in fact the same respect that I offer to you and your crew after y'all rip the set I'm just a man, but I roll with others and we've got this plan to let the voice expand across the tortured land Education starts at home, six-one-two From there we roam through headphones coming soon to your war zone The aftermath, I'll have to plant some gems into your passive ass Amped to cut trees and branches so ya'll would have a path The more you feed it, the more it needs to consume If you're coming through the region, hit me up, we'll rock a room Let's network, let's work, let's all get work So we can build the overall network (Chorus X2) I spent my whole life working to get to the point that I'm at So now I spend my time tryna reach my destination I'll be at the end waiting with my crew for the rest of you to arrive to shed the destitute mind state supplied by life (Outro X4) Let's network, let's work, let's all get work So we can build the overall network The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Atmosphere Album: Overcast EP Song: Primer Typed by: rza@csd.uwm.edu Hey Daly, Get the fuck away from my sister you punk motherfucker (intro) I do... I do... I do... Hey whassup, can I kiss the bitch yet?... I do... First of all bitch, I never promised I'd be rich so fuck you and your wishes, ya need to do the dishes and change the damn cat litter I thought I told you to get rid of that crazy cat last week Yo, don't you get sassy with me missy Because I'll go upside you quickly But yo, she's kinda sneeky when I sleep she'll probably stick me But it be a threat, and threats make her respond She probably grew up watching pops beat her mom and to the break-a-dawn I could pop shit, talk shit, hostage to herself Because there aint no where to walk; this is the middle of hell You've got no job, no diploma Might as well kick it with me and live in Hinckley, Minnesota She's my trailer park chick with the pop tarts and venison hard liquor to cop a buzz  off the over the counter medicine The rent is in the mail bitch pump the (gauge?) Fix the antenna, act your age and spread your legs It's my CAS-STLE, whiiiiiiite stank ho and if I want to I'll put it in your asshole You wanna battle baby? I'll put a shadow over ya sky Now shut the fuck up and fix me turkey pot pie I own the camaro and the mobile home, so where the fuck you gonna go? (4X) go, go, go ahead and call your mom if ya need someone to cry to boo I guarantee ya that that bitch is gonna lie to you Fuck ya crank head, soap opera, pastries, and diet soda everything she'll ever need to know she learned from Oprah You what the hell she's gonna do for you? That bitch is stuck too Get off my phone, tell her I said what up, and muthafuck you And tell daddy if he wants some to bring his drunk ass on I beat that fat bastard with a cast on Ay yo honey I'm trippin But why you always flippin dress slutty everytime that we go drinkin with my buddies won't be long before you carrying my puppies Speaking of which you bleeding yet bitch? Cause you gettin kind of chubby Yo, where the hell'd you put my stash? Better tell me quick fast or catch a foot in the ass Oh no, you did not smoke all of my pot If my remmington was out the pawn shop, you'd get shot Stop, and put that knife back in the sink Baby, Baby, Baby, why you fucking trying to take me to the brink? What you think? Quit thinking and pretending that you're smart Happily ever after 'til death do us part I own the camaro and the mobile home, so where the fuck you gonna go? (4X) I love you. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Atmosphere Album: Overcast Song: God's Bathroom Floor Typed by: ehhviin@gmail.com [Slug] Head, pressure, senses, clutched Date, Divinity, wouldn't, fuck Touched, hazy, God, change Rush, floor, life, veins From a head full of pressure rest the senses that I clutch Made a date with Divinity, but she wouldn't let me fuck I got touched by a hazy shade of God, helped me change Caught a rush on the floor from the life in my veins [Slug] It goes one for the cannabis, and two for your Dianetics Three for your reasoning, and four for those that try to get it Five for your love, and six for the stress And seven for the day that I climbed into this mess [Slug] I'm catching ulcers from the childproof lighters And all these fine-tooth biters that keep the wires in my head tighter I'm tired out by the distances achieved walking in my sleep Floors got shifted since the high, got a tad too deep Ask dad to keep cool, I'll call him back as soon as I resume normal And get out of this bathroom And call management to seek some reimbursement  For the nerve endings that burnt from the first hits [Slug] So fuck needles, fuck smoke Fuck lines that make the sinus choke Fuck chasers, trails, fuck waves and rails Fuck hangovers, fuck hallucinations Regurgitations, mandatory sentences and UA tracing Blind my insight and dull the common sense Give me inner vision, kill the superstition and the confidence Built a tolerance, now it's more that I consume it When it boards up my room, the world's whores will croon in unison Unify the eulogy, autopsy pages read euthanasia, i.e. irony But here I be within a pool of my drool Sedated, windows dilated, comatose, life overdose Tell Jacob Miles to keep it wild style I'll promise I'll smile And check the floor, God's got nice tile Tell Jacob Miles to keep that shit wild style And I'll smile And check the floor, God's got nice tile [Slug] Head, pressure, senses, clutched Date, Divinity, wouldn't, fuck Touched, hazy, God, change Rush, floor, life, veins The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Slug Album: Sad Clown Bad Dub II Song: Sad Clown Typed by: ian@wunh.unh.edu This world ain't a wasteland It just taste that way some times. It depends on the angle On how you read your lines. For every brick we stack to come together to build There's a sick little crack in this foundation still. Humans! I can't accept them. Trying to understand them And what fuels them and their essence. I'm looking for some leverage. Catch up, trying to catch me. Curse-ed, depress-ed.  Here to make you happy. "Hey daddy tell me why the clown is crying." "Well son he's got the task of cheering up the ill and dying. On top of that everybody thinks that he's insane. Can't fathom why he'd wanna ease their pain." Walking through this maze made of concrete walls When you're not allowed to climb there's no way to possibly fall. When your hands are restricted to hold nothing but self How can you get a grip?  How can you pick up what you're dealt? The clown stays sad.  The ground stays hard. With a couple pounds of migraine, a pocket full of scars. But the face stays painted on for everyone to gaze upon continuing the bad dream till he wakes up gone. Chorus--two voices intertwined One for a walk, but always stood. Would you help him, if you could. One for a walk, but always stood. Would you help him, if you could. One for a walk, but always stood. Would you help him, if you could. One for a walk, but always stood. Would you help him, if you could. Do they see me?  Do they know that I exist?  I know they do.  I can tell by the way they wave their fists. Weirdo. Freak.  Words of endearment ring in my ears And cling onto my tears. My purpose on this earth was to brighten the sun ray  At the circus or parade, house call on a birthday. A bag of balloons, I can build you a farm. Became worthless when they took away both of my arms. Snake charms.  Magic tricks.  The world is flat.  And the traffic is thick. Got my back to the wind as I watch the inhabitants. Every thought I come across is bigger than this planet is. I used to be a normal person  But I held a hunger to experience it firsthand. I wanted to turn every frown upside down. Some how my feet separated from the ground. And the clown stays sad the people stay lost. Nah, the people are sad, we lost the clown. But the face stays painted on for everyone to gaze upon And it will stay that way until the break of dawn. So throw your hands in the air! "Oh, I'm sorry you can't you're wearing a straight jacket." The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Slug Album: Sad Clown, Bad Dub II Song: Body Pillow Typed by: multsanta@home.com Then there was this one night where I took the time to examine a napkin in a Chicago hotel room I wasn't alone, it was a night after a show space was full, energy was consumed there was a girl, emphasis on the L she was noticin' the detail as well the two of us found something with each other, previously undiscovered Hell is full of lovers and the day light is bright always makes me squint but it feels like magic when it touches my face suffocate myself, overwhelm myself let the sun rays abandon me, floatin' through space Chorus: and she still wonders why I'm so insecure she giggles because I sleep with a body pillow intentions are never nothing short of pure but there's a price to pay when you try to live a little And as attractive as that napkin ever could've been my how it unfolded, hold it to the wind try now to be a rock, but she's caught under the skin ex-lover and a best friend, just like the rest of them then there was this one night, I watched someone bite the tip of a cigarette, to hold it in between their lips never met nobody like her, please brace yourself danger, danger, this might hurt the playground feels alot different when the sun's out she wasn't messing around, she came in with the guns out screamin' about the ocean, "anybody wanna go with me?" never knew punk rock could be so pretty now catch your breath and then catch the ball and sit by the phone so you can catch the call writin' catchy one liners on the bathroom stall here I go, wouldn't you know, still learning to crawl Chorus I've always loved the way you love the way your tattoos intimidate men I guess I'm one of them standin' right next to you from way over here ex-lover and a best friend (ex-lover and a best friend) then there was this one night I noticed a tree that stood by itself about an hour up north and I could picture her holding on to the limb wearing a summer dress and a grin, swinging back and forth talkin' about the breeze, how easy it is to leave all the worries in the back seat teach me please, I need the abilities to live silly me, I tried to measure it by what I can give but she didn't need anything, just a pair of beers some strong fingers, and someone to share the tears read the fear, feeling it, inadequate now let's make believe that I can handle it Chorus and I still get to talk to you every now and then definition of over, doesn't have to be the end it's good to see you grow, girl, shake my hand that's all I want from my ex-lover and my best friend that's all i want I got your back, don't ever fucking question that, I got your back, always,  always, I still got your back Chorus (whispered) x2 The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Slug Album: Sad Clown Bad Dub II Song: The Pill (Interlude) Typed by: Nelson2014@aol.com Intro: The pill. Fuck it. Swallow it. I stopped reading the paper, quit watchin' the news Don't answer the phone and I'm payin' the dues I pace my steps to match the speed of my breathing  Place my bets and keep my feet upon the ceiling Waiting for the stop sign to turn green I ain't got time to learn the hardway I gave candy to the babies, kisses to the ladies  And charisma to the kids playin' down at the arcade  Par-ty In my think straight type advice Bake the cake and sink your face into the frosting Take a break from all the aches and strifes This pain is just another stain on the box springs Sometimes I sit outside and watch the people walk by  And try to understand why they don't fly  And other days I lock myself up in my room  And let the four corners close in until I'm consumed There ain't a whole lot of continuity And all I want is what I already gave up I give advice that I don't follow  Cause it's twice as hard to swallow  When you know precisely what the pill is made of  Take the pill. Swallow it. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Slug Album: Sad Clown Bad Dub II Song: Running With Scissors Typed by: rclewis@zianet.com [Slug]: Protect your jimmy, keep it fresh Anything is everything and more is less Soul sight sounds smell taste and felts Knuckle up and buckle up your safety belt Lift with your legs, speak with your mind See the bigger screen, read between the lines Brush your teeth, squash the beef Judge the tree by both sides of the leaf Save your soul, spend your money Laugh at it's jokes and pretend they're money Talk about your goals and hide your wants Give them something they can hold and get a better response Beleive in karma, truth and honor Respect the youth and understand the drama Think about your move before you make it And see the motive for the info and advice before you take it Traffic lights and stops signs Cops and crimes, Top of the line I lost my mind, I found my feet Look over my shoulder before I cross the street Dead zone when in roam I'm begging for attention to be left alone Headphones in flesh tones And little Slug was having trouble trying to get home Write a song, write a million songs But they all the same song it's like one long song Fight the wrong and make them sing along Continue to consume until the hungers gone Speak your peace and move on, move on I need to buy time but first I got to find the coupon When I climb the mountain i'm gonna teach I promise But for now you can reach me at the office Get a job, catch a buzz, learn something, cook dinner, Find a mate and Copulate, but try to pick a winner, Go to school, teach something, be a voice, paint a picture, Turn the TV off man you don't need a babysitter, Read a book, write a book, plot a movie, Take over, watch for motorcycle Calm down be a done Nine out of ten doctors preffer their secretaries Because they're sick of going home and going down on what they married Do your homework, solve the problem, celebrate Tip the bartender, breath and meditate Oversleep wake up late, push snooze take a bath When you finish with your drink they let you keep the glass Skip class, jump curbs, walk the dog Run slow, leap fates, stand tall  Sit still, take control Yo you throw like a girl And you hate the world And you lost all your nuts trying to chase a squirrel Some of these kats don't know to meow I try to open my eyes to take a look at me now Alphabitize the records that sit on the shelf I think you need some advice on how to think for self Aiyo they want the light, but they don't want the light They act like they don't know wrong from right They say they want the truth, but they have the truth They act like they forgot how to move Dead I ain't trying to wait for no one else to help I think you need some advice on how to think for self I said ain't trying to wait for no one else to help I think you need some advice on how to think for self I said ain't trying to wait for no one else to help I think you need some advice on how to think for self I ain't trying to wait for no one else to help I think you need some advice on how to think for self The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Slug Album: Sad Clown Bad Dub II Song: Fashion Magazine Typed by: rclewis@zianet.com [Slug] She flips through the pages of her fashion magazine Tt pulls her out of her reality for a moment, We all need our moments, She forgets for a couple of seconds about the hopeless  Situation as the plane seems to take all of her focus Riding that afternoon plane from Dallas back to Minneapolis Two and half hours, shes out there Reading some column of spit verses swallow Everything reminds you of him and its not fair How could she fall on her face for some man child, Maybe it's his voice, or maybe it's his damn smile Maybe its the whole package, from the kiss to the matress To the sarcastic jokes to the social status, Maybe it's none of the above Maybe she only needed somebody genuine to show her love It was all about the right place at the right time And even with the drama they find that he's still always on her mind Well, none the less then two hours before she lands To put her feet on the ground and take her man by the hand And this time around when the laugh starts to sting She just take a breath and dig into that fashion magazine The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Slug Album: Sad Clown, Bad Dub II Song: The Wind Typed by: Nelson2014@aol.com "The wind that made the grain wave gently yesterday  blows down the trees tomorrow." [Verse 1] It's nothing It's only a little wind A distinct somewhat discrete approach to the maze Come on keep up the pace You already won the race Cute baby hamster Let's try to make him run in place Look at the wounds, it's destined to die soon And the way I see it, we're obligated to eat it So treat it  With grins while it's standing on it's last limbs Feed it to fatten it up for when the feast begins I drew the blueprints out on the sidewalk with chalk So when the rain starts they won't be able to read our plans And I'm compiling a list of demands So let me get a show of fists and hands to see who's down with the program Party over here Free love, free truth, free care Care free  Bring your whole crew affair Freedom of speech and thought Scot free Free your mind Forgot to pack a spine? Feel free to borrow mine I'll be the thorn in the side of drama Comma It's cool because we died with honor Comma Don't worry honey I ain't goin' hurt you I'm just trying to strip you of your pride and your gear and your virtue [Hook] It's not clear Proceed with caution Cause fear, is no longer an option [Verse 2] And maybe, and maybe my issues are not your issues But everyone has to sleep and everybody carries weight You can't escape regret but you might regret escape If you closed your eyes and held it would you recognize the shape? Regardless  Give my regards  To the inner child that managed to break free from the confines of this skull  sized cell The taming of the shrew  The high hopes fell The shaming of the true  Made your own private hell And maybe I'm not here for you to listen to  And I'm I'm not here to steer you just share my vision Maybe drop a hint or two Maybe a few opinions  Maybe learn from you by watching you and studying your positions The mission started off as nothing but better living instead of giving truth  Better living was found through keeping secrets Enlist me as a crunch Spreading the message of funk Lettin' the rest of the spunk  Clog their veins with that junk All limp Swingin' like the willows in the wind Moving like the mountains when Armageddon begins Vampires You're all a bunch of demons When you talk I close my eyes it sounds like your screamin' [Hook] [Verse 3] I no longer have the patience to do with most of these patients Ignore the preferences and relevance to they favorites I look for love and I identify deceit Within the facial structure of every human I meet I can smell your contempt when you enter the chamber  So I act apprehensive and pretend that there's danger As I watch from the tower everyone looks like ants They all scramble to be Appears as if as they dance Well for all of y'all keeping y'all in hell I'm only tryin' to help Peace out to one self And if I did have a car I would speed down the road  Until I reached my goal or my engine explodes The glass was half full so I drank it I got impatient and anxious as I was waiting for the raffle And when they drew the number it pulled me under Cause I was sitting on the seven Which had never made the entrance (x2) [Hook] "The wind that made the grain wave gently yesterday  blows down the trees tomorrow." The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Slug Album: Sad Clown Bad Dub II Song: Hungry Fuck Typed by: Nelson2014@aol.com [Intro] I wrote this in Denmark, check. Starin' at my paper like I'm waiting for something But nothing is going to happen if I don't make it happen I walk around like I don't know where I am 28 years old, yes, I'm still rappin' I'm gettin' fed up with American cities I don't want to pay my taxes Until they stop killin' blacks And every woman in my life thinks she wants to be my wife But that thought only comes when they're layin' on they backs I don't agree with suicide, but I understand it There comes a time when you're ready to leave this planet But dammit, I'm take it all for granted And I'ma have to die before I every try to land it And I'm just waitin' for that brain aneurysm If I get bored, I'ma start my own religion I'll teach people to worship the drums And to speak in tongues and no longer will my country eat its young Oh yeah I got something to say But nowadays it's a novelty Like either try to make me smile or try to bother me If all that you can offer me is apologizes I probably rather you just pour me a cup of coffee! I don't know, y'all leaders must of lost me I gotta go isn't no one gonna stop me? And if they do I'ma scream "GET OFF ME!" I'm gonna take a little nap in this lobby [Slug @ a concert] "I represent a city called Hungry.   Do we have anybody hungry in the house? (cheers)  Is Hungry in the house?! (more cheers)" The words Bad Dub are right in the title  So FUCK your criticism of the sound quality This is not an album The sole intentions is to eat better while on the road I don't know, y'all leaders must have lost me I gotta go isn't no one gonna stop me?  I feel like my peers are tryin' to mock me Because I know all the words to Lodi Dodi Fuck everybody The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Slug Album: Sad Clown Bad Dub II Song: Hell's Playground Typed by: Nelson2014@aol.com It's like I change my plans with every grain of sand That gets caught between my toes of worries and woes If they would take my hand  Maybe the pains of man Wouldn't seem like such a bad dream that you can't control All the thoughts that come That make you toss your lunch Every time that you think that you can hold it down So now I'm off to jump  To bunny hop the bumps  That life sets up to hold my head underground Cause I move back and forth on a swing set The scenery stays the same  I ain't learned a thing yet It comes and goes (and it comes again) The sun the snow the rain the wind (the wind) and ain't none of it pretend If I could bend all the barbed wires and bars I could escape the playpen and make my way toward the stars Pick up the pieces of broken keepsakes And sprint across the field until both of my feet ache I hung from my limbs Off of the jungle gyms Until my muscle got sore and my hustle got bored And when I jumped down to take a look around The only faces I recognized were the ones I ignored I took the obstacle course at full speed Still it's probable that the home team will hold the lead But if it's possible I request that they let me take a seat Stop the coach and ask him how I got into the league It goes six six something miles beneath the surface Championship It's the skin verses the shirtless And I don't know which side I'm supposed to be on  And I can't tell if it's getting closer to dawn Well excuse me But I had a rough evening I was shaken out of my rest when I stopped breathing Awoken from my sleep awoken from my dreams Chokin' on my ? Holdin' on to my screams And the sea turned blue and the sky turned blue  And when I sing the blues all the lies come true As we convince each other what's old is now The books, the rent and the end is overdue The waiting pool is full of the blood of the unbound souls Submerge my urges as I plug my nose And swim laps around the momentary laps of loss Use a stick to write my name in every line I have to cross Toss some change into the fountain to make a wish But most of us are wishing for a little bit of change Sneak a cigarette break between first and second down And play match of hind and seek with your heart and your brain Well olly olly oxen free duck duck gray duck King of the hill fell off and broke his crown The neighborhood runt lost his voice from yelling, "Wait up!" And the needle ran away with the spoon Hell's Playground Hook We all, play the same games We all, learn to share the same pains So while we wait for the machine to break down We play self one on one out on the playground (x3) {Till the end} Ooooh child, things are gonna get easier (You're gonna have to fight your own little war) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Slug Album: Sad Clown Bad Dub II Song: The Ocean Typed by: rclewis@zianet.com [Verse 1: Slug] Tap tap tap lick the globe against the moon For the next tune we'll let the camera zoom into the bedroom The more she raises her voice, the less I really hear The more she leaves the house, the less I spend on beer All thoughts are clear, Chain smoker box of ??? Got to shed this excess gear before we cross this bridge If we make it to the opposite side of where we stand We can get some land and make a plan Woman and man But your only twenty something are you ready to change? You've accomplished plenty running Are you tired? Are you hungry? Up to no good, but down to try to hard And to depart and sever the old ways of gauging the weather And when they ask if you treat me right I have to lie and yes if i'm to answer the question Here I dance again in front of the mirror, solitair Wondering where you are, what's the time, why am I losing all my hair? If I could hook half as good as you looked I'd trade in my head phones and my notebook For all the time you took up to shine Shook up my align-ment, hooked up to silence Cause these footsteps is my steps Sample: "Just Get out and don't come back again" Slug: And don't come again (2x) [Verse 2 : Slug] Ok enter mommy's little socia path Hoping I have the sober cells left To taste the smoke on her breathe Chosen my steps Prepare to pour a ear fill Trying to drive her soul Keep your hands on the steering wheel! One at nine the other at three Won't ever find another like she I call it theif because she took it Put the key in the hole and started upsetting cruise control BAM! Hit a tree, my fault I wasn't looking Distracted, but ain't no body acting suprised Mapping out a plan to put me back in her eyes She laid her hand on her thighs Damn near went blind And spread my wings to fly and clear my mind, And usually i'm at top of the game Atleast I used to be This is new to me I can't explain what you do to me, Moving me, seducing me, inducing me, reducing me down To figuer or not how I can go about improving me, Soon we'll see This whole world will see this Superhero features But girl is the weakness Speaking of the mirror trying to gather my reflection, Sold my sense of direction for some affection Now i'm straining, striving, trying to see the ocean I'm riding, driving, I'm trying to make it to the ocean Lifting up every shell and holding it up to my ear I'm trying to hear the ocean, I got to feel the ocean (2x) [Verse 3: Slug] Deep within I swim a river of lust, Beginners luck Rising tide inges the crust Hunger, feed my need to free my seed I cry, I bleed, I fly, I flee I tried to be everything to each partner I find But the bottom line is rain always starts in the mind So I climb inside the rhyme And riddle the growth of the stome And sip and swallow the aura Hit it closer to home It's a quarter 'til two, I'm still waiting anxious Got to surface, the tools, the motivation to paint this, Dont know which colors to use, detail is not my game So now Im through differentiating heaven and pain I'm just another straight cat trying to rest my tail Prepared to go to war and scared to check the mail She's a bird with crippled wings  Intrigued by the simple things (it's too simple, your too simple) You could take the bone out the chicken But you can't take my girls out to lunch without me thinking  Probably somethings up If you cant take it with you then fuck it I aint goin Ill just sit here for now and dream about the ocean Carouselic ???? contagious carnival of carnage, Wearing a name tag that says artist Holding the harness, controlling the motive Floating the waves Looking for that ocean Now i'm straining, striving, trying to see the ocean I'm riding, driving, I'm trying to make it to the ocean Lifting up every shell and holding it up to my ear I'm trying to hear the ocean, I got to feel the ocean (2x) Sample: "Just Get out and don't come back again" Slug: And don't come again (6x) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Slug Album: Sad Clown Bad Dub II Song: Inside Outsider Typed by: Nelson2014@aol.com Inside out and upside down Who qualifies to try to judge me now? Love is what grows off the synthetic happiness I wear a warning sticker that says "Health To The Hazardous" If all of Minneapolis fell into that River It wouldn't disturb a word that I deliver I found my confusion I lost your religion The analyst I is am Corrupt the optimism From the dock I fish in ? the worm a hook Write another piece and read another book Once upon a time there was the end Do you mind if I steal this pen? I'm not as big of fan as I once was I gotta learn to respect that lunch buzz Such and such  And nothing much What the fuck girl I'm thinking that we should couple up So here I stand from the outside in Tryin' to recall how I swam to this island I wonder if I was to scream til my voice quits Would they let me push the buttons? Would they let me hold the joystick? Well, maybe  If I acted a little crazy They would play me And they would feed me to their babies I can't help but laugh at everything I cry about Cause I've been staring at myself from the inside out Well who's that knockin' on my head so early in the A.M.? It must be the landlord, I'm late on my payment Or maybe it's my ex cause I owe her some affection It's probably the department of corrections Cause I've been doing it wrong for too damn long Chewin' on a soggy blade of grass Put the money in the bag and make it fast Cause can't none of y'all fools save my ass How can I hold if I don't know what I hold The ousider tryin' to climb out of the cold Time and time again I question the answer Cause the soldier always falls in love with the dancer I can't play past it The truth hurts Wanna rock the boat  But I wanna rock you first So if I meant to say everything that's in my mouth I'm gonna start right here from the inside out The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Slug Album: Sad Clown Bad Dub II Song: The River Typed by: rclewis@zianet.com [Verse 1 : Slug] It was a purple-purple sky and an orange-orange moon And everyone was whistling the same damn tune Except Brian, Brian staired out across the field And watch the horizon blossom to cop a field Over the edge of the world The one they're all afraid to walk Ration out the why they're so high on the small talk But Brian knows where the crows all go To find the if's, and the and's and the but's and also's Chorus: If I could run through the woods, and speed like the light Id find the answers to why, and be back by tonight If I could fly through the fog and look at this rock Id figure out how to keep Hell off of my block But as it stands, I stay content Tryin to be the magic man, and pay my rent Wishing that Brian would turn me on to the secrets he sought While we keep burning the dawn, just to keep the day hot  [Verse 2 : Slug] If I could ask you one question, Id ask where you went You could teach me a lesson every time I got bent But the alcohol dont make me forget about it all Doesnt matter the season the leaves can still fall They slipped hidden messages within the cards that were dealt I understand myself and all of the sorrow I felt For as simple as I'am how'd it get so complex Got me studying the margins and disregarding the text I open the curtins and listen to the traffic go But I still get nervous each time my peace passes go The residue is thick and the memory fails I still laugh cuz the path feels a lot like a trail Chorus: If I could run through the woods, and speed like the light Id find the answers to why, and be back by tonight If I could fly through the fog and look at this rock Id figure out how to keep Hell off of my block But as it stands, I stay content Tryin to be the magic man, and pay my rent Wishing that Brian would turn me on to the secrets he sought While we keep burning the dawn, just to keep the day hot  [Verse 3 : Slug] We used to be a couple of pimps walking the hallways with pride Drunk or sober, life was nothing short of rollercoaster rides Trip to the clubs, now the skull to the rhythm All we wanted out of life was what was given And when you passed I wanted to take back the time we wasted I'd trade all the buzzes in for one more conversation We can sit in the shade and discuss the meaning of sacred Cause I can't see the garden no more, just the avens But the wind still blows and the plains still grow And I wish your name was on the guest list at my shows I got to beleive you can see me run up on my freedom Cause you got to meet up with the son before you got to meet my son Bridge (x2): And when I see lightning, feels like my buzz is heightning Everytime I feel the sun, I can smell the love And when I smell the air I can hear a child trying But everytime I hear a river I think the mother is crying The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Slug (Atmosphere) f/ Mondee Album: Sad Clown Bad Dub II Song: Keep Steppin' Typed by: sensative_new_age_guy@hotmail.com [Verse 1] It goes job after job after blow to the self value He doesnt get along with powerful people The mind is a box kept locked Inside is the pride and the ego and he cant find the keyhole Compensates with alcohol and hate And contimplates whether or not he wants to be awake Bounce around the words, all the nouns and verbs But better late then never doesnt work for work Cant hold employment, cant hold a girl But he can hold a weapon and keep this whole world steppin Another angry arrogent american One frustrated step away from where you stand Put your hands up for fear or fear itself Or write it off as balances and cheques Or take the sign out the window and change it to say you want to help And maybe we can talk him into walking up these steps [Chorus] {2X} Keep looking up Try to count them How many left Look em up One at a time, until your out of breath One foot infront of the other Right, left And spend your whole life climbing these steps (Brother) [Verse 2] For every boy that she allows to step on her heart She comes one step closer to findin what she needs The sad part is shes still stuck somewhere behind the start Still doesnt know what it takes to make it leave That tattoo bleeds upon the paid dues Break the rules, to balance the odds, challenge her God The untrained eye thinks shes got it all together But the first time I seen her smile I knew better Right down the letters, piece them in order Make sense out of a sentance, give the picture a border Got to sort through the images that clutter the soul But the photo got fried cause the shutter didnt close Over exposed, too many steps, too soon Killed the pain with a jameson under a blue moon She climbs, she cries, she waits How many more can she take before her legs break [Chorus] {2X} (Sister) [Verse 3] So if you're doing bad I'mma sing about you And if you're doing good I'mma sing about you Whether or not you knew I've been singin about you It's all I know, I don't know what else to do When you take a step I take a step Or maybe it's the other way around I'm not too sure Right and wrong got together, the vision was blurred The path was crooked but the intentions were pure And I count these steps getting closer to home And I love each step like it was my own And when I reach the top of the goal or whatever Maybe finally they'll let me forget her [Chorus] {2X} (Don't stop looking up) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Atmosphere Album: Lucy Ford (The Atmosphere EP's) Song: Between the Lines Typed by: eyedea2001@hotmail.com (What it tis it taint,& What it taint it tis Its the theme of ?where we're goin'?) [Verse 1: Slug] See the police man, notice the lonely man How do you think he keeps his head on straight? Can you feel his rhythm? What do you think he visions When he squints at the line from behind those shades Feel the summer's crest, overdressed So much sweat, his skin begins to chafe Its the surface wet the nervous mess Overbearing and jaded from carrying the weight Irritated and constipated And its all cup of player hated, funnelin consolidated Into the shell of one man with a gun Riding that thin line between the program and the sun And I don't hate you, for tryin to relate to Wishin you could find a trap door to escape through But if I see you as a threat to my seedling or my sibling I'm dying to pull the plug on your machine Chorus: Slug(2X) And I just might just find somebody And I just might just love somebody And I just might just feel somebody And I just might just kill somebody [Verse 2: Slug] Can you see her? She spends her whole day in a theater Livin her time in the life that she would prefer & she stirs nothing, comes & goes she wishes Surroundings oblivious to her whole existence But if they only knew? About the thoughts that she can't seem to stop from comin through Comin' across At a loss for dialogue Walkin through the fog With her eyes closed & her mind gone And now she lives in the films that she sees And dreams that she kills us repeatedly I'm impressed with the tolerance she brandishes If it was me, I would snapped from the sheer overanxiousness I'm waitin for the day she strolls through Muddy Waters And slaughters sons & daughters and bloodies smothers in coffins Lovely little case study castaway cutie Masturbating in back of that matinee movie And someday, oneday, when the credits roll She'll hold a pocket full of gunplay for the ignorant souls Then we'll know to what death awake touch the sleep Make me walk the thin line between shallow and deep end Chorus: (2X) And I just might just find somebody And I just might just love somebody And I just might just feel somebody And I just might just kill somebody(my body) [Verse 3: Slug] He used to write his rhymes and recite his lines all the time Sometimes he'd make them up right off the top of his mind After doin shows for years, gettin respect from peers Killed the ego, lookin at these people like they're weird Road trips, truned to head trips Became a hunger for sedatives and essentric ettiqutes Optimism needs to feed off self-esteem But it seems that he doesn't see it or hasn't felt a thing Records sell well but still undergound Travels town to town Holdin hands with fans that love his sound When it comes to roundance hope he can enjoy it Don't slow down momentum, afraid he might destroy it When he stops to shake the hand, I doubt they understand That he outstands only in the shadow of a man Havin a hard time with life on a drumroll Walkin that high-wire, passin it off is humble But theres a thin line,between screams and smiles Seen the miles, wishin he can go home & read to his child But tonight's the last day, put the butt in the ashtray Locked the door and slit both wrists backstage Chorus: (2X) [Outro: Slug] Onwards,forwards continuance renaissance Encore, ignorance wrapped inside of innocence Onwards,forwards continuance renaissance Encore, ignorance wrapped inside of innocence Onwards,forwards continuance renaissance Encore, ignorance wrapped inside of innocence Nothing but love for the music and its offspring Bouncin' off the boxsprings and tryin to make it to the crosses I just might just.... I just might just.... I just might just....(fade out) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Atmosphere Album: Lucy Ford Song: Like Today Typed by: multsanta@home.com In tomorrow I see no promise and yesterday was like today Woke up, got up, near eleven o'clock butt naked except I was wearing my socks and that's cool, 'cause most the time this floor is cold stand up and stretch look around this mess my place has been a cage since she left me make my way to the kitchen, start the coffee then dip to the bathroom, begin the triple-s and wash the previous evening off me now out the shower, get dry, shove a q-tip in my ear well, what do we have here? it appears as if a piece of me has got motivation ain't nothin' wrong with a little morning masturbation fresh, dressed like fifty cents clean and awake now I'm ready to commence spark up the caffeine and nicotine binge and that's pretty much the pattern of how the day begins and I write for an hour, maybe half hour more then put on my shoes and grab my key for the door put my headphones on for this world I ignore trek down the street towards the record store "hey, bro - how you doing, anything new today?" "nah man, how you been? it's the same old same again" well, then I'll be gone, friend, I'll see you around and I'm out, destination uptown in the summertime the women wear a lot of skin and if I sit in one spot I can take 'em all in sometimes I even talk, to see if I can make one grin if not, yo, it's cool I ain't gonna take it personally from Anne Landers, to Ani DiFranco to Orphan Annie I love all women, but most of them just can't stand me I don't know, maybe it's my hair or clothes "...or maybe she noticed that you was diggin in you're nose..." either way it's okay, I wasn't tryin' to get laid I just wanted to say "I hope you have a great day" and then she stopped with a smile that began to blush "here, take my number, call me up, I'll come over and make you lunch" I got up and headed down towards the book store to check the titles, that my man Michael's got me lookin' for my visit was short, 'cause I just couldn't feel that cat behind the counter actin' like I'm here to steal so I dipped back out into a cloud of tattoos pierced body parts and colorful hairdos and I questioned, did Babylon resemble this? are we getting any closer to the end of the list? a sensuous kiss, placed on apoco-lips we teach them how to make a fist, but not to resist and I'm wondering how'd we find this position but people are people and I still love 'em, especially the women onwards to the coffee shop, maybe Muddies(?) for a refill and some  sociological studies see the junkies, while they co-exist with the sobers all the bugging of eyeballs, the shrugging of shoulders and that's when I saw her, sippin' on water I wanna kiss her mom just for having this daughter excuse me miss, I don't mean to come across strong but I've been waitin' a while and you've been taking too long and she smiled and I began to blush she asked if I'd like to go to the bathroom and make some love and I got visions of us, and the mirror getting steamed and that's the very moment I woke up from the dream Woke up, got up, near eleven o'clock butt naked except I was wearing my socks and that's cool, 'cause most the time this floor is cold stand up and stretch and look for my soul In tomorrow I see no promise and yesterday was like today In tomorrow I see no promise and yesterday was like today In tomorrow I see no promise and yesterday was like today In tomorrow I see no promise and yesterday was like today The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Atmosphere (Slug) Album: Lucy Ford Song: Tears For the Sheep Typed by: manipulating_MiNd@hotmail.com [Verse 1: Slug] A city of fools I wanna bash whoever's responsible for this incomprehensible lack of passion The sucker's been seduced down to the stick And the peasants fill their bellies with the poisons you omit I've come to seperate the heads and shoulders Of these tracin' paper soldiers That have been designated to take it over I'ma roll a couple of boulders off the cliff On the road below (look out below) 'Cause I don't know what I'ma hit (yeah) I live by the word until I die by your sword Even when I'm dead my head will live inside your RCA cords I wait for the right time, but it resembled now-a-days Descended on the Earth to put an end to all your holidays The assassin covered in plain clothes Smothered the sunlight and set flame to your rainbows And then came the storm (and then came the storm) Bewildered those that didn't contemplate Fake disguised as the norm (as the norm) And when the smoke evaporated and the damage was accessed The casualities were counted as they looked upon the mess As they focused their eyes on the horizon, who'da guessed? All that stood on top the hill was number seven silhouette [Chorus: Slug] (And with this) head splitting tears, cement breaking Weeping for these people walking in their sleep (these people walking in their sleep) My talk is not as cheap And my thoughts are not as deep As the day I woke up to discover I lost my sheep Head splitting tears, cement breaking Weeping for these people walking in their sleep (these people walking in their sleep) My talk is not as cheap And my thoughts are not as deep As the day I woke up to discover I lost my sheep [Verse 2: Slug] They say a picture's worth a thousand words Well I beg a thousand pardons for each word I've used for personal games But the letters that float through my head, that mold my sentences Could never be contained by your simple picture frames For every intoxicated moment, I hate life I strive to balance my aura by dancing with the light And sometimes it's difficult to stay quiet I fight it, each time I find myself walking across your eyelids Wishin' the malnutrition, the imagination of yours Could see the truth you breathe through each one of your pores And now the days are drastic, the nights last forever Wanna tear this motherfucker up and put it back together I'd like to ask the cats that act like they might hear If you spent the energy I've spit, tryin' to count the tears One of these days you're gonna climb the tallest building of all Give a warning to those below and let the tears fall [Chorus: Slug] (And with the) head splitting tears, cement breaking Leaping for these people walking in their sleep (these people walking in their sleep) My talk is not as cheap And my thoughts are not as deep As the day I woke up to discover I lost my sheet head splitting tears, cement breaking Leaping for these people walking in their sleep (these people walking in their sleep) My talk is not as cheap And my thoughts are not as deep As the day I woke up to discover I lost my sheet [Brief Singing: Some Female] (2X) Nobody sees 'cept my mirror on the wall [Verse 3: Slug] The damage...overseen by anyone that comprehends The anguish...felt only by the ones that confessed The language...was primitive, the listener complex And everybody was trying to define success All the self-proclaimed prophets dressed up to look like poets Pretendin' to be martyrs that they're not You can learn all their names And engrain them on your brains Memories so you can spout them off the top (spout them off the top) Yo kill 'em all, and let God give 'em haircuts The flood has begun, and no one has been paired up So I'ma take a second and beckon the downfall Of your so called civilized nation (Yo yo yo yo yo) stop the sound now! (Cough) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Atmosphere Album: Lucy Ford EP Song: Guns and Cigarettes Typed by: hoffuh@hotmail.com [Slug] (What's your name fool?) Rap is stepping to me They wanna get some But most of them should go and try to boost their monthly income Speaking over beats is the only time I feel complete I don't hear the weak and I don't fear defeat So what you got?  Connect the dots, I'll raise the pot Remove the blood clot from the brain of hip hop The name remains in tip-top shape I'm still the back rapper scapegoat in the aim of their hate I came in late, took a chair in the rear But my classmates were well away how long I'd really been there My peers have been held back for years, holding back the tears Everybody knows our name like we was the cast from "Cheers" So here's to the good times, tonight is mighty special So fasten your seatbelts, cause I'm gonna launch this vessel Ain't gonna land until I'm bigger than Espo And bigger than ecstasy and bigger than techno [Chorus]: I wanna bigger than Jesus and bigger than wrestling Bigger than the Beatles and bigger than breast implants I'm gonna be the biggest thing to hit these little kids Bigger than guns, bigger than cigarettes A few years ago an ex-girl of mine Asked me to keep her name out of my rhymes So I said this rhyme that I'm about to say It came from the heart and it went this way: Go to hell girl, you make me sick! I hope your new boyfriend gets cancer in his dick What the fuck makes you think I'd put your name on my record? Yeah, now I feel a lot better You know what? I ain't drank a forty since I became old enough to drink Not caught up in what the fuck these people think Cause when I die they're gonna find the missing link But tonight I'm gonna rhyme it in the kitchen sink I'm suprised more of y'all don't get hit by cars Missing your surroundings, staring at the stars I'm lonely without a woman that wants to spar That's why I spent so much time in these bars Drunk poolside, screaming, "Do or die!" Looking at the water asking, "Who am I?" Saw my reflection, Yes! I'm super fly! And as you can guess again, I'm too damn high (What'd they say to you?) But they said, "Drop dead." I can't, I got a lot left More than just another arrogant, asshole pot-head In the top ten, who you love to hear on tracks Smiling for the camera while I surf upon your ear wax This beers flat and she kisses like a stripper I'm coming to terms with my status as a drifter Girl, I'm only in this town for one night And these neon lights are keeping me distracted from my plight I feel like a legend on a leash Making an effort to break every piece that I can reach Yeah, I got something to say, and even more to teach But first let me scrape these feces from my cleats Standing on the roof, complaining to the moon The only time I tell the truth is when I'm naked in my bedroom Soon I'm gonna reap the harvest of my struggles But from now on, y'all can call me Sluggles Bigger than Jesus Bigger than wrestling Bigger than the Beatles Bigger than breast implants (x2) Bigger than guns, bigger than cigarettes The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Atmosphere (Slug) Album: Lucy Ford  Song: Don't Ever Fucking Question That  Typed by: SRosyM@aol.com * * send corrections to the typist Don't ever fucking question that (6x)  [Slug] Enough to hold you to the brightest of lights,  to place you dangerously close to that sun,  enough to acknowledge the flaws you can't ignore  and recognize the cause of what's done is done,  more than enough to put my name behind my ideals,  and neglect my logic twice daily.  enough to keep me looking for my lucy in the sky with gems,  when I remember how you used to call me baby,  enough to look in my mirror with detest  for every tear you shed regardless of why you wept,  enough to curse any man who can't appreciate the depth  of the ocean I swam till I ran out of breath.  I love you, don't ever fucking question that,  that's why we'll probably never get along.  if I was better at finding the right words to say,  I wouldn't need to write these motherfucking songs.  [Slug] I love you, I love you (faded)  never, don't ever fucking question that,  don't ever fucking question that.  riding the public transit,  I study the blank stares to answer my questions  of how and why I got so many grey hairs.  I take care of the nervous that runs through my extension cord,  and I reflect on that reoccurring dream where we met the Lord.  single file lines, to give her a pound one at a time  but when i faced her- I attempted to embrace her, she looked so fine,  I awoke from my sleep before her bodyguard had a chance to beat me  to submission and I still walk with my religion.  I watched the children scurry in circles around a two-way mirror,  worrying about which side of the glass projects the reflection clearer.  I hear the whispers of the wind trying to get me to grin,  gassing' me up about the love that I plucked and I've been stuck within,  for every eclipse that stares at me  from the other side of a paper cup of espresso-  I light a match beneath a kettle,  and for ever set of lips that become attached and equipped with that program  to seek success, i bleed my ethics out a slow drip.  I used to know a man who met a woman, dont remember where,  big beautiful eyes and light brown hair,  she was from the burbs, he was from the south side of the city,  this was back when Franklin avenue was still pretty.  two different worlds apart, but the world is just a small town-  we all know how people like to get down.  here we go, aquarius, pisces,  feel the flow of the fluid as I swim through it to free my soul.  bush shoved the cane without the glove numbed the pain.  the magic from up above what it does for the brain,  make the love, paint the picture,  write the song, the player met a virgin made a virgo named him sean.  make the love, paint the picture,  write the song, the player met a virgin made a virgo named him sean.  make the love, paint the picture  and write that song till the break of dawn.  [Slug] I love you- don't ever fucking question that,  that's why we'll probably never get along.  if I was better at finding the right words to say,  I wouldn't have to write these motherfucking songs.(2X)  I love you (make the love, paint the picture,  and write that song [in faded background]).  I love you.. I love you.. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Atmosphere (Slug) Album: Lucy Ford: The Atmosphere EP's Song: It Goes Typed by: lasttransmission@yahoo.com [Slug] Now, when you come to apply for a job Don't tell 'em you're homeless 'Cause I promise they won't hire you And if they like your songs Just nod your head and play along Never tell 'em what inspires you I bet my fans know me better than my friends do Because my friends don't pay that much attention The fans memorize every single sentence Which makes them far too smart to ever start a friendship I need to start writing pieces about other people's problems 'Cause strangers are starting to get worried I'm in a hurry to try to slow the system down a bit And find happiness before I hit thirty OK, OK, I've said too much I wear my heart on my sleeve When all I need to do is write a hit Somebody shoulda showed me how to shut up and breathe 'Cause there's a time and place to bite your lip It goes peace to phobia For the boots made for walking Now if only Best Buy could break me off with a Walkman Everything would be fine I could spend time smiling Instead of pulling a sad clown around this island I've got no suggestions Well, maybe one Leave my type alone when you decide to touch that microphone See, me and you We're on different pages We're in different stages We've got different flavors I'mma let you do your thing Just as long as your thing Ain't got a single thing to do with me and what I'm trying to bring But if my name crosses your lips You better guard your tongue Pardon me, give me my respect, and keep it all in fun If I had extra time I'd walk around and shake everybody's hand (Like, how you doin' my man?) But I'm not allowed I'm trying to beat the clock now So I'm out, right after I rock this crowd It goes: ola ola olaaa (yeah) Ola ola olaaa (2x) It goes: one two three four five Six seven eight nine ten And all I ever wanted out of live was rhymin' Either from me or an innocent bystander I wasn't that picky, just give it to me quickly Whatever it takes, to cook these cakes You wanna hear your voice but don't know nothing 'bout the breaks And it's obvious you haven't found your place Got me askin', 'Who is he?" "How did he end up in my city?" I'm the crocodile that the trucker tried to wrestle I'm the main ingredient from yesterday's special Close the hole and push that level I'll chop the head off the devil and I'll throw it at you And I'll be damned if I ever climb another tree From here on, the squirrels and birds can come to me From sun to sun and from sea to sea (Girl, they call me Slug, do you wanna make love?) Now all the leaders in the place, throw your hands in the air All the feeders in the house, throw your hands in the air All the thinkers here tonight, put your hands in the air Anybody we forgot, you can stand there and stare Yeah, you remember, tracksmart (?), off to a bad start The way I used to carry got buried in the backyard Caught between a scotch and a cinnamon Pop-Tart The bell doesn't work, foo, you better knock hard Line by line, I'm doing fine Ideas on my mind for my time Hail when my kind does leave behind They'll find that I was the one that died trying I would never trade the way I am for the way I'm not My crew is kinda popular, we get to play a lot And my son thinks that I am the coolest thing in the world 'Cause he's still too young to fall in love with girls It goes: ola ola olaaa  Yeah, you're listening to the cool sounds of Atmosphere Ola ola olaaa From Minneapolis, Minnesota  Ola ola olaaa Givin' a shout-out to the whole world Ola ola olaaa And we'd like to tell all of y'all, it goes: Ola ola olaaa To y'all Ola ola olaaa To us Ola ola olaa Now band, shut up, let the bassman do his thing, shush It's like that and It's like that and It's like this and It's like this and (2x) It goes: ola ola olaa Ola ola olaaa (3x) It goes... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Atmosphere (Slug) Album: Lucy Ford: The Atmosphere EP's Song: If I Was Santa Claus Typed by: lasttransmission@yahoo.com [Slug] If I was a rich man, I'd buy you some shoes Tall boots for all the dirt you walk through What would that do? Enable you to deal Without schooling you on how to touch what's real And if I was a smart man, I'd tell you everything that I knew And give it to you every time you need a talking to But what would that do? Teach you my guidelines So you can be a cheerleader at your game on the sidelines And if I was a driver, I'd keep my headlights on To see the difference between right and wrong I'd wear my seatbelt even when I'm in park Cause I don't trust the other fools that cruise through these parts And if I was a better cook, I'd hook up a feast Set a table full of food for the children to eat I encourage the nourishment so we can breathe With the knowledge that we got something accomplished And if I was Santa Claus, I'd fight for the cause Wouldn't expect nothing in return I'd give you everything you want, I'd be everything you need So you can take my hand and I can take the lead And if I was an honest man I would stop writing songs I'd break for a nervous breakdown for breakfast Tell everyone I knew to stay away from making music It ain't nothing but a confusing mess (confusing mess) And if I was you, I wouldn't hear a word I said Wouldn't trust nothing to start it up inside my head I'd make a conscious effort to live instead Of trying to kill the monsters that reside underneath the bed And if I was a hurt man I'd find a way to put my faith  Into a woman that could take me from today, maybe I need somebody that could save me From the parts of myself that keep making me crazy And if I was a wise man I'd climb to the top of the mountain peak To think about strength versus weakness I'd find a point that rests a couple of feet above your head And figure out how I could try to help you reach it (Ho ho ho) And if I did have a choice I'd never want to live forever Just let me have a voice so I can make my points I can't imagine running a race with no finish line Just let me keep my pace and make to most of my time I love giving but I'm bad at receiving The truth is, I'd prefer to be the one bleeding But I'm a paranoid that stays between play and work Cautious and aware, 'cause I'm afraid of being hurt Which brings me to the issue And that would be this: How often must I ask myself why I exist? I feel like a freak, this world is a circus Just trying to find myself as well as my purpose [Chorus: repeat 2X] And if I was Santa Claus, I'd fight for the cause Wouldn't expect nothing in return I'd give you everything you want, I'd be everything you need And you can take my hand and I can take the lead I got nothing but gifts Keep it up in my wits Got me drunk on the fifth And now we're stuck in a ditch And as dumb as it gets I'mma run you some fibs I wanna touch your lips I wanna rub your hips Put a glove on the fist For the love that exists We'll keep bumping the hits To get my bucket of chips From the Bloods and the Crips To the skateboarding chicks Put the Atmosphere on your Christmas wishlist Put the Atmosphere on your Christmas wishlist (Ho ho ho ho) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Atmosphere (Slug) Album: Lucy Ford EP Song: Aspiring Sociopath Typed by: rclewis@zianet.com [Slug]: 7:30 AM, Alerted to life by a song on the radio The evening is over Another morning, another opportunity To do something progressive prove that he's worthy Up and out the door by 9 O'clock The sun is shining up and down the block There's children in the corner waiting for a bus That will take them to school and exploit their trust He starts the car, sparks with one crank It's those good ol' fashioned American mechanics And even though he'd rather own a new import It's dependible and more important its all he can afford Stops by the coffee shop to pick up some smokes and a cup of Joe Back into the Ford with the windows rolled up So when the radio rocks he can sing along freely With the lights out it's less dangerous At the top of his lungs the words burst through shameless Pushing that dream, trying to beat the time Oh well whatever nevermind Nothing else matters when your knifing through traffic Wishing it was a stickshift, it's an automatic Listening to the road, voice of the nomad How he'd love to leave drive away never go back Wheels keep on turning, turning turning and turning Alone is when he finally feels like a person Light another Nat Sherman Crack the window, feel the wind blow Serenity tenfold God bless whoever invented sunglasses And while your at save the saints that work the fast food drive throughs Objects are closer than they appear  Cuz when your by yourself there ain't one else to lie to Talk radio gets a lot of play in his vehicle It teaches him topics to dicuss with real people So when he stops to get gas or hit that coffee shop His neurotic ass can act like he knows a whole lot Pour some sugar on me, my counterfeit personality He's a loner gotti, he's a rebel He's gonna drive the escort to the middle of that meadow Thinking about how he can leave this city Fill the tank and towards the water he'll flier Maybe he should just go get a picture at the CC And find a stool at the bar where he can stare at the TV  Either way tomorrow will be just like today And that's all it takes to make the change He loves to drive more than he loves being alive And this town doesn't even know his real name It goes bye bye Miss American Pie Drove the Ford to the border to disturb the order If only that he'd know that he wouldn't be missed Maybe then he could have grown to exist (repeated till the song fades) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Atmosphere Album: Lucy Ford Song: Free or Dead Typed by: dpdooley@hotmail.com So here I am, trying to be the man, right Using my gun to see at night, sleeping with my flash light In the afterlife I hope the AC works So while I wait well I'ma pass out and taste this curb And she attacked with flirts, smacked my nerves There in that black skirt Got my nature so hard it made my back hurt I cracked a smirk cuz I was dumb and drunk she gave wink and a smile and dropped a quarter in my cup man, people are kind of odd so I keep my eyebrow raised I only hear the words for what they mean, know what I mean? and I do believe in God cuz I keep comin across all these fine woman with low self esteem, you know what I mean? I got attention deficet, I've got the bedroom eyes I've the storms in my head, I've got my telephone voice I've got to make a decision of whether I live or die I'd rather just run cuz either way it's one hell of a choice my car is like my own personal universe she's my drug and it only takes twelve bucks to fill 'er up but in my galaxy there ain't no room for Earth so I'm leavin it cuz I can feel the oil pressure building up turning over the ignition of my solar system check the gauges, push in the tape, put my foot on the break shift existance light my cigarette and take it state to state until I crash into my fate now I'm giving back everything they gave me, not a damn thing it'll take me more than a good DJ to save me, and I'm not dancing I can't seem to make up my bed, much less my mind so I'm a take another puff to my head, and press rewind I wish this car had cruise control, so I could rest my legs I've got this itch to prove my soul, and test my fate doing hunny(hundred) in a sixty five, got stopped by a copper caught, spotted, and radared by a chopper Wisconsin-style, over the limit by forty miles why'd she smile?, cuz I ain't been around here for a long while grabbed my paper, gave her thanks?, have a nice day yo, word of advice, trade the doughnuts in and gets some rice cakes back to my travels, running from my shadows some hitchhikers and bikers honkin the horn harrasin the cattle airbags/hair back sticking to the seat, sweat drippin from the heat diggin through of gruel?, I'm looking for something to eat yo, there's a Hardee's at the next stop don't wanna, but I need ta' cuz I'm craving something to chase the taste of this tequila (uhh, yeah, you guys got value meals? can you put some barbecue sauce... I wanna honey bun. change that shit. I want chicken pebbles. no, onion bun, onion bun. onion rings. extra pork. word up. can you supersize that? yo girl, you got kind of a pretty voice. yo girl, what time yu get off work?) 90 east towards Chicago, on my way to Cincinnati I won't ever let em catch me, and I won't ever make em happy watch your wives and your daughters when I'm passin through the hometown, castin lines into the water, catchin goldfish out your bowl and I'm as cool as the cat that came to school just for lunch I'm the rebel pissin in the public pool, just for fun I speed in the sun, everyone in speakin in tounges find the talk radio station, yo, turn it up so it bumps don't cry, girl, I'm out and I'm a make my way east cuz everyone in my world is takin my peace I need release, and I don't think I'm a find it in between your legs yo, I'm just jokin, only going to the corner to get some eggs so when she starts makin the coffee I toss my bags in the back seat and I can remember it all like it must have happened last week sometimes I stop to think, for all the money I've spent how I'd rather live in a tent than bust my ass and pay the rent but I'm eager to pay my dues, and I'd be glad to pay the tollbooth and I've agreed to sing the blues ever since the day I broke loose just like a blindfolded child walking through the toy store voice?, not even aware that the world is my oyster [Chorus - 2X] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Atmosphere Album: The Lucy Ford EPs Song: Party For the Fight to Write Typed by: HipHopHead619@hotmail.com * * send corrections to the typist intro: This is one of those songs you can clap along too... [Slug] Hides the eyes beneath the bill of the cap Walks amoungst the flies that hover over the mat He lies, but only when there's a reason Mentions life by the tragedy, the comedy, the season Poor at handling and managing income Got enough love to pass around and then some Been done, that there a name you can trust Read the whole match book and put a flame to the brush Good with packs, and rips up sacks Put the show in biz, try to give what you get When you let him run free with the thought Pull the line in, try to see what you caught I ain't all that bad, but I ain't all that great I Went back to the lab and began to mutate Wait. I still look the same, still got the same dumb name Ain't a damn thing changed But if you like surprises, I know of a party Where they all dance around to your heart beat Bring your own agenda and embrace your flaws Lets put a face on this common cause chorus: And he said some got pencils and some got guns Some know how to stand and some of them run We don't get along, but we sing the same song Party for the fight to write, and write on Stay gold Pony Boy, stay true outspoken Make a record Mr. Gangster and get 'em all open The theories, the stories, the truths, the myths Its all therapy, on top of turntablists This indutry's big, so big in fact (and fat?) We can all get some, and we can give some back And if its done correct, we'll make more than noise So pick it up, and pick me up when you're bored with the toys As a child Hip Hop made me read books, And Hip Hop made me wanna be a crook And Hip Hop gave me the way and something to say And all I took in return is a second look Son, you're shook, cuz ain't no such thing as half way there Gettin' good at actin' like you just don't care The circle of life trying to make it square condition And self sit still And Still.. where have all the sheep gone Burnt down the farm and turned the TV on John Coltrine, Marvin Gaye and Bob Marley all get invitations to my party chorus And if I spent anymore time inside my head I'd probably need some leather straps attatched to my bed And if I go another day without eating a meal I'm gonna show you what it means to keep it real And if they keep shootin' guns up and down my block I Swear to God I'll be the first one to call the cops And if I gotta hear that song ever again You gonna have to share some of that beer my friend They mistake me as happy-go-lucky Just another base-head bobbin' nobody But from where I stand, they sould like spies Fillin' all the children's head with lies Well alright, get your money right But right now tonight I want you to pick a side So when you got your power and you got your chedder Let's get together soldier over throw this hold and make these roads better Bring it on.. he said bring it on (right now) Ain't nothin' but a party y'all... lets get it on chorus The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Atmosphere Album: Lucy Ford Song: Mama Had a Baby and His Head Popped Off Typed by: words_from_the_mind_of_a_lost_soul@hotmail.com * * send corrections to the typist Trying to lift her, pull her [Verse 1: Slug] Six, Six, Six in the mornin and I'm takin a nap In the back of the car, waitin for the stars to snap The stars on my cap remind me of the time We went to Fargo, with a car full of anxiety An angel's breast, and a tank top She started at my heart, she's trying to make it stop And if I haven't learned nothin then I've learned alot Mama had a baby and his head popped off Give it up turn it loose, for the sake of life If I knew now what I knew then i'd make her my wife I been chasin these mics for too long Debating with God bout who's right and who's wrong Got a new song to sing, a little happier, hurtin That I didn't learn the words until after The fact of the matter is a matter of fact, I doubt that I'll ever even try, to work it out to having her back Use to skip classes, now I skip breakfast Never skip practice and I need to flip the mattress To help me forget the kiss, the lips, the soft Mama had a baby and his head popped off [Chorus: repeat 2X] Mama had a baby and his head popped off We did all that we could to try and re-attach it I couldn't do it so I picked it up and threw it Off the building, just to see if all the children Were quick enough to catch it [Verse 2: Slug] So I'll tear down these walls, let the chips fall Let's all go outside and play a game of kick ball Laugh a little, and live alot She squeals and giggles when I hit that spot If you give me a minute and I can finish my beer And move a tad bit closer to the limits of here And when it gets clear, and the sun comes back We can drive too fast, we can fly off the tracks Tuck in your shirt, hike up your skirt Welcome to the jungle where the tigers give birth I only took my time because she looked so fine And it makes me crazy trying to pay em no mind You should save your spine and stay on the struggle Shoot the trouble and keep the temper subtle My rent just doubled, because they took my roomate And I'm keepin these movies cause they all past the due date Close, cover, before striking Lick a missle at the bird and try to cripple it's right wing and I end every sentance with a . .  Mama had a baby and his head popped off [Verse 3: Slug] Say out loud, we must network Should have been, more specific Now have this, daily pressure Some of them, just don't get it Leave me at, the beginning Start over and do it well Shut my trap, stop complaining Stay sober and step on shells My oh my, yours oh yours (oh yours, oh yours) And when it snows it pours And when I'm running out of fire I just open the doors And go sit on the porch and watch the neighborhood wars But I've got the sun, and I've got my son And I've got my will to run until I'm dead and done And this is for the love we found and the love we lost Mama had a baby and his head popped off The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Atmosphere (Slug) Album: Lucy Ford: The Atmosphere EP's Song: They're All Gonna Laugh @ You Typed by: bstan@yourmom.com [Slug] You'd better find a way, you'd better do it soon It's like the middle of May and you've only got 'til June You've found force to watch you touch the torch to that spoon Even one more time, I swear to God I'm gonna implode Sky's too high to hold; too thick to pet So fold up your two-bits and hide them in your wallet In your pocket full of trauma, in love notes you wrote to the angels Gathered around the pole, crude and star-strangled The band turned; married in the bed made from propaganda I've roamed the avenues of humility And I've kept a toothbrush in the glove compartment Next to the napkins For when I'm finally priveliged and touched with a permanent address But now I'll be relaxed after this gin and tonic And I'll bless your track after the impact of a comet And I'll pay the mortgage after I finish paying homage I promise, consider it accomplished! For every cigarette butt that's tried to climb out of my ashtray Signifies another phase in this cascade The great mind, great migraine We think it's difficult enough to just live much less gain Well I put my two bucks on the table just like the sign says Proceeded to ask God to give me one good reason why we shouldn't perish She says it's careless since we are, unstable as we seem Selected few of y'all have found something to cherish I countered that, maybe just to be argumentitve, I don't know But I was like yo, can't we spare the ones that are worth it? She was like NO, I need the comparisons I think she could tell by the way I responded that I'm getting a little nervous So I went far left and just said thank you Thank you for the time, for the mind For the breath, for the flesh Thank you for the quest, thank you for the vision This vision that spawns anxiety trying to see and feel why I am living Time is money, every moment is costly So I ration emotion because existance exhausts me Oddly enough, I'm happy I ain't famous Imagine waking up to the fact that you're simply entertainment I bet god thinks you're amusing The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Atmosphere Album: Lucy Ford Song: Lost & Found Typed by: guerilla_wooky21@yahoo.com * * send corrections to the typist [Hook - Slug] to my surprise, discovered that I really don't know much most of much of what I know catches a (what? (3X) 				  (what are you doin?) (verse) Runnin from the bar, not my favorite hobby I'm relieved that I saw the speed trap before he saw me I don't need another ticket, I've gotta collection in the glovebox They make great souvenirs cause they weigh less than rocks Man you better slow your roll, let the numbers get low Like a 55 stroll to move past the patrol Hope he don't already know about my top speed Like the helicopter radar that caught me outside of Milwaukee I'm still livin this life, tryin to escape the problems Quick and quiet at night just like the insects and the goblins It's the gas fumes,the fast food, yo its all of the above It's meetin women for a weekend and fallin deep in love As good as it gets, man its as bad as you make it But ain't nuthin like bathin in a freezin river naked And I really don't know much but I know enough to know Know that I'm lost I've never been so found... (so in touch) Take this job and give it to someone else Corn on the cob is better when its hot with melted butter on top Could warm the soul,but this ones cold Cause I stole it off the side of the road I'm not a real thief, I don't steal more than I eat Everything I take I eat, I never do it for the greed I'm just a gravel trail type of man Pull the car behind the brush and get in touch with your farm land So if and gotta healthy lookin garden in your backyard I'll pull over to admire then I'll check for a dog And if the hairy is clear I'll be back here tonight Set dinner for one under the moonlight... [quiet] (discovered that, I really don't know much, most of much of what I know catches a, , , to my surprise, (2X) in the moonlights when to strike, under the stars gettin ours theres a breeze every night, ) carrots,tomatoes,green beans,cabbages,rhubarb,cauliflower, corn,radishes (verse) here it comes,here it is,n there it went sunrise aright, now its time to get on withcha life loaded up the Ford, with all the rations supplies And hit the road to fly the friendly skies It's been about a month since I left St. Paulie Girl behind punctured the heart but it was for her own good left her sittin in the kitchen with the breakfast dishes And gave a name to this distance that she never would've understood roll the window down, got the sounds distortin And I got my last paycheck and half a carton of Newports man And I'm never gonna quit til I face my challenge And I use your mathematics just to average my gallons And if you buy my tape it puts work on my odometer 10 bucks'd take me 300 kilometers runnin from myself wont stop until I pop so keep an eye open for me at your local record shop (hook)[8X] And I found myself,when I lost myself (until fade) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Atmosphere Album: Lucy Ford Song: Woman With the Tattooed Hands Typed by: Instrumatic@hotmail.com I used to know this woman who had the most beautiful tattooes on the top sides of both of her hands She was forty-three years old and as far as I know had never yet been with a man It's not that she wasn't attractive;  she was beautiful, but it was the way that she interacted She was aggresively passive to the point where she would've intimidated any mitt that ever tried to catch it on the right hand she had a tattooe of a nude girl she claimed it is what God resembled but on the left she had a mirrored image of the same female and this one she explained looked like the devil I remember once watching her touch her own breasts how the tattooes smiled as they stared down her stomach as if anticipating when they'd be allowed to caress the sweet flower that they both seemed too hungry (sweet flower) Now maybe I was high but it felt so right heaven and hell both take to this woman's womb It didn't make sense how she could commence touching herself with me wide awake in the same room but if I've learned anything in my years (my years) I learned I no longer believe in surprise (in surprise) but what happened next damn near stold my tears the tattooes came alive right in front of my eyes they both slowly stood up and climbed off her hands and showed me why she never took some time with a man they climbed deep inside of this woman's garden she closed her eyes and she gently bit her bottom lip I stepped I left and I don't regret leaving and I'd never forget all the things I saw that evening a glimpse of religion a piece of coming closer to understanding more about what intrigues me most I didn't get turned on I just got turned I wasn't as aroused as I was concerned for each one of em I've hurt and every time I've been burned I've got a lot to teach but even more to learn so now I keep my eyes open hoping to take in all I can about women taking in all she can And for as long as I breathe I'll save receipt in my memory for that woman with the tattooed hands (Chorus: repeat 5x till song fades) There's good and evil in each individual fire Identifies needs and feeds our desire As long as we keep our spirit inspired She can bite her bottom lip all she wants The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Atmosphere Album: Lucy Ford (The Atmosphere EP's) Song: Nothing But Sunshine Typed by: Q68@aol.com [Slug] (Mixed vocals) Whatta you mean what was my childhood like? What difference does that make? Yo, my childhood was messed up, so what? Everybody's childhood was messed up. This is the 90's, find me one person who had it right. What's that got to do with me rhyming? What's left? [Slug] Now when my mother died I had to take it in stride There ain't no room for pride in watching your father cry And dad made it until maybe a year later When they found his suicide inside of a grain elevator Got over it, I had no other office or options Thought about whether or not mom and pop was watching Never bothered with caution, no time for fear Saw my folks carry fear for most my early years And I learned from it, turned numb and ignored the storm A burning sun waiting for the world to plummet Finished growing up under my uncle's roof He taught me how to count all the way up to 100 proof From watching him I learned how to gather nourishment Living off the different women that he had to nurture him And on the surface I became a normal pre-teen More afraid of nuclear war than snake bites and bee stings My best friend was my TV Game shows and cartoons substituted for puppies, rainbows, and balloons Now here I am, the shy type, and I think I'm doing alright Considering what it was like living my life Chorus (repeated) It's nothing but sunshine It's all sunshine It's nothing but sunshine [Slug] Now it's been 17 summers since I've seen my mother But every night I see her smile inside my dreams When I was younger I didn't actually see the accident happen But every night I see her smile as it shatters against the screams I can only imagine Dad's internal reaction Strain, inferno burning, bound in his brain What's it take to make a man who owns acres of land Abandon the family plan and drown himself in his grains I'm glad I left that farm in Northern Minnesota Where the time moves slower and the winters are colder Became a city boy, where everybody acts like they older Where they stick to themselves and keep a chip on they shoulder 26 years of age, no longer full of rage I think it's safe to say I've turned a page on my childhood days "Ay yo look Ma, I'm a productive member of society When I'm drunk I make noise, but otherwise I like quietly" And on the weekend I go back up north to reminisce Remember what it was like pretending to be a kid Late at night I walked the fields and lurk in the shadows Getting even with life by murdering cattle Cow Skit Chorus (repeated) It's all sunshine It's nothing but sunshine It's all sunshine (And I'm gonna be alright, and you gonna be alright,  You ain't gotta hold my hand, just walk with me tonight) Fade out (What it is, it ain't, and what it ain't it is,  is a theme of a Virgo) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Atmosphere f/ El-P Album: Lucy Ford: The Atmosphere EPs Song: Homecoming Typed by: kill4747@hotmail.com ...Little boy can't seem to find your place now ...All your funny friends, the ones who have shitty jobs [El-P] Sometime in NY, perhaps in the Decepticon era Like seven or eight grades up from fitting blocks together Graf kids after school to get chased by rival letters  and skate boards and truck cars and rails Funny shapes and grip tape I own a Mark Rogowski, I rode it goofy footed Sicker, I learned to ollie on colt four-five malt liquor And that's it, to me it got not any more acrobatic Who would pedal around Manhattan, for lack of better action One kid is the point man at Pakistani bodega He sold those loosey camel unfiltered to under-agers Smoke 'em on a promenade, water balloons drop Hit car, run from cops, skate quick Basically loaf on the low ? On the laugh with dangerous, nearly vacation Under the Brooklyn Bridge, across the Brooklyn Bank, show up uninvited Some kids are drinking beer tonight they're excited Brooklyn Tech., Brooklyn friends Stuyvesant plus rich kids, thug wannabes, and hippie chicks found some escapist shit We felt the separate fashions and cliques trading places We formed our own section comprised of Nike Uptowns Worn on mediocre skaters, it's like this: Yo, this kid Ivan made the trek from Rhode Island From plastic cup of cold duck and a relaxed social environment He jetted from his section when the meat heads started whilin' His aesthetic wasn't their style, so they used bats to re-design it [Chorus:Slug] (El-P) Homecoming, (Homecoming) Homecoming, (Homecoming) (Sometimes it was good, sometimes it was just a moment of vis-a-avis the definitions  and other stimulus that cause your growing) Homecoming, (Homecoming) Homecoming, (Homecoming) [Slug] Sometimes I was good and other times contradicted But no matter where I stood, I still managed to stand The last time I laughed this hard I was a child It was the kind of giggle that would make a young mother smile I can't remember the "Why" but the wallpaper patterns  had me running in circles trying to defend my Saturn Just me and my box of Machiavelli and cheese All I really want to do is show you my disease She didn't have the courage to kiss me goodnight But I'ma give you my word that everything will be alright Like, what the fuck?! This phone is disconnected Just my luck, I need advice before my love gets misdirected Guess it's just another symptom of, just another victim of The warfare and those caught between Sean and the Slug Did I mention the drugs that used to make her spew forth Carried barely half the pleasure of a pack of Newports? Breathe it in, breathe it out, what'd it really be about? I'm trying to lose and allude all excuses to scream and shout For every moment I spent wishing my parents back together Would've been better linked to preparin' me for the weather Rocking my t-shirt that reads "Whatever" All in an effort to relieve the pressure That Minnesota good sleep This wood is cheap, and now fire's back in style If I had better teeth, I would try to crack a smile Well, here I am, Mr. Typical Ridiculously meticulous when painting pictures of pitiful And little did I know and less did I care They would chew up an swallow all that I threw out there "It's not fair," screams the one without a voice Arm that boy, tell him to aim at the ones that got all the toys [Chorus:El-P] (Slug) Homecoming, (Homecoming) Homecoming, (Homecoming) (Sometimes it was good, and other times contradicted But no matter where I stood, I still managed to stand) Homecoming, (Homecoming) Homecoming, (Homecoming) Sometimes it was good, sometimes it was just a moment of vis-a-vis the definitions  and outer stimulus that cause growing [Slug] There it is, is that what you want? There it is, is that what you want? Is that really what you want? I'm coming home, is that what you want? The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Atmosphere Album: God Loves Ugly/Modern Man's Hustle 12" Song: Onemosphere Typed by: Fictionagent@hotmail.com [Slug] Atmosphere... Atmosphere.... Atmosphere [Slug] Atmosphere and maybe you don't like us But of all the stars in the sky believe we're one of the brightest My life is as tright as your favorite rap record And I'm possed with that insight that enables me to laugh better From the last letter back to the A come around my way Out of the wrapping paper with out the fucking holiday Can't never be captured they can toy with my shell But only after they walk on my backwards through b-boy hell From hear on out the sun rises at noon thirty And didn't quit pressing till the whole f-ing room heard me Soon the birdy will fly with or with out the wings As strange as the equator, as nosy as the outscenes Let the poppers pop let the breakers break Make the dj's and the assholes and all the rappers snakes Well most graph writers are wierdos now a days So I hang out with myself and a rafter and a belt Every chapter that I happen to skim Appears if it must of been written by me or the brothers grim And the moral to the story comes equipped with a sting Once again I'm picked for the wrong fucking scene (fucking scene) [Slug] Now I'm sleeping on floors of temporary friends But I'm keeping the store front as clean as I can And I'm sweeping the sky for today's revelation And I'm needing some time and some proper ventillation And I'm building a house for everyone to hold And I'm filling your mouth with the keys to my soul And your spitting me out piece together the puzzle You got to get it all out while your learning how to juggle And the bricks weigh more then they led you to believe Remember never let nobody leave you to believe September was the first time I had to breathe So I learned to hate harvest, started at a trick up it's sleave Not fucking with the jones'es, I guess that I been jones'en so much nothing gets noticed but the mess And I've spoken my stress through and empty beer can And it goes one Minnesota, two Minnesota, three And Atmosphere..... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Atmosphere Album: God Loves Ugly Song: The Bass and the Movement Typed by: kilianwrestling@hotmail.com [Sample] And we know how to make some music And the music ain't supposed to stand still And little bit of, you know little bits of Negro into the music isn't enough Music is all consuming, let me tell you... [Slug] You should have stuck with the original plan: To be a little man Should have kept it simple, before the shit hit the fan Give the kid a nipple cause he sucks Take the microphone from his fist he doesn't know how to clutch You wanna treat it like a playground? Well we can joke about your take down And let your pride get hurt when I tug on your skirt Like "Shut the fuck up! Professionals are tryin' to work." And to the people that don't feel us: Fuck em' Don't need em', can't see em', never leave em', never loved em' Stuff em' full of dick till the hole rips And let em' know that's what they get for that whole shit "Oh my goodness, Slugger went and flipped his style I haven't really heard him act like this in a while" Bullshit! Still broke and I still fake the smile Blow ahead and download my dick to a file Yo, you heard Slug sing his songs about women Like he must be a weak link, I know I can fuck with him For those who wanna ride, come on, climb aboard I'ma be an asshole for as long as I'm ignored So either call my bluff or turn the volume up And make noise for the women that swallow stuff And put your hands up if you feel the music Cause all that matters is "The Bass and the Movement" [Sample] I have a friend here who needs to put the brakes on. He's getting old. And if he could put the brakes on time, he'd be coo' The brakes...the brakes...the brakes...the brakes... [Slug] Step, step, step, step, step, step off You know you gotta get lost because you know you're soft Huh huh step, step, step, step, step, stepped on Is all you gonna get when you try to test the Sean You need to park that bitch and get a starter kit You might as well hire me to come write your shit At least then nobody'll know who you been It won't hurt so much when they don't like your shit Silly Putty in a puddle of beer Quit steppin' in my cum and get your gum out your ear "I heard your new song son, yo this your year" Why don't you run along and tell your girl to bring it here You got no balance, combined with no talent Disgraceful, you can catch a face full of phallus Color me callused on a retribution tangent How'd the love die!? How'd the hell you lose the magic? These cats is lazy, layin' down on the job I call Musab, this whole playground'll get robbed Those your props? Gimme that. Your girl? Gimme that. A three pack of Jimmy hats I show you who the skinny mack You can keep the change. Hit me back when you're stable If she give good brains she can play with the halo "Don't worry you're in good hands, I'm a good man. Misunderstood? Nah, just sick of the program." I only speak to put ammonia in the bleach An orphanage, I'm here to get a portion of the piece So play the leach: Suck me dry Dot your T's, cross your I's And blow me counter-clockwise So either call my bluff, or turn the volume up And make noise for the women that swallow stuff And put your hands up if you feel the music Cause all that matters is "The Bass and Movement" I'll keep this brief, I just wanna say peace And be quiet if you love the police Now put your hands up if you feel the music Cause all that matters is "The Bass and Movement" So either call my bluff, or turn the volume up And make noise for the women that swallow stuff And put your hands up if you feel the music Cause all that matters is "The Bass and Movement" From the top of Fiji, to the bottom of Christina Ricci Big ups if you bought my CD Now put your hands up if you feel the music Cause all that matters is "The Bass and Movement" The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Atmosphere Album: God Loves Ugly Song: Give Me Typed by: Slugisdumb_@hotmail.com Jimmy got shot in the parking lot... I'm a slow typer, a so-so writer Been the shit ever since I was an infant in diapers And I'ma be dope, all the way to the end From the cradle to the grave, the Pampers to the Depends Get enough love, got enough friends But on a regular basis it's safe to say I've got the benz And I didn't mean to ignore that vibe you sent I guess my mind was probably on my rent Oh I got my mind on my tummy, and my tummy on my mind Some assembly required, let me run it down the line The factory is open, time card punched Until lunch time it's crunch time, back to work Fool, the first rule is to keep the verse true Even if it hurts you, you gotta wear the pain like a stain Respect the listener, respect the game Because there's more to game than some dinner and fame (Hook) Give me the money Don't you dare stop there Give me the mic That's the tool, and I play it cool Give me the life I've seen things that used to be dreams Give me the love My name's Slug, give me a pound or a hug And I'ma play this game, I just wanna say All I really want is for you to remember my name And I'ma run for as long as I'm allowed And hope to God I inspire some of ya'll (Verse 2) See I'm that cat that used to sit in the back and study Looking for some proof, that God loves ugly Flash forward a decade later in your time Somehow, a good number of ya'll got down And it's solid, fresh, dope, whatever you wanna call it (Not back) An aspiring sociopathic alcoholic (Ahh shit) Look at Slug still rockin' the same outfit Tryin to make the belly grow bigger than the wallet Ay yo man, how you doing, (what?), how you been? Just been makin it cool to rap about love again Not that hippie stuff I'm talkin 'bout that bitch that gives you nuts Did he say bitch? Yeah I'm sorry, don't tell my baby's mommy Speakin of baby, when done, there'll be a crate full of albums For my son to page through, thinking daddy was a gun With a handful of heads that put me up til they had some samples from Ant, and faith in What the Fuck? I said, still goin, still maintainin, still standing in the land of snow and purple rain And I'm still waitin for my date to kiss me or slap me Cause there ain't no way that I can be happy, when I'm half me (Hook) Give me the money Don't you dare stop there Give me the mic That's the tool, and I play it cool Give me the life I've seen things that used to be dreams Give me the love My name's Slug, give me a pound or a hug And I'ma play this game, I just wanna say All I really want is for you to remember my name And I'ma run for as long as I'm allowed And hope to God I inspire some of ya'll (Verse 3) I've had the pleasure of speaking with some of you Yeah you, come on now, don't act like you don't know who I'm talking to After that show, when you approached me like you know me The cd I sold you, the secrets that you told me On that world you vision, through the layers of tears The ones you choke and keep hidden when the players are near I watch you chase it with beer, some frustration and fear Try to figure out why the hell I came here Well I don't know either, and I'm not ready to take a breather, neither All I know is I'm still a believer So you can beat me up, or you can beat me off Pick a side, any side, and let me do my job, come on If you've got a lot of love to give, but you don't know who to give it to I'ma turn out the lights of the cigarette, and write a song about you This one's for you. (Hook) Give me the money Don't you dare stop there Give me the mic That's the tool, and I play it cool Give me the life I've seen things that used to be dreams Give me the love My name's Slug, give me a pound or a hug And I'ma play this game, I just wanna say All I really want is for you to remember my name And I'ma run for as long as I'm allowed And hope to God I inspire some of ya'll But don't you dare stop there That's the tool, and I play it cool I've seen things, that used to be dreams The name's Slug girl, give me a hug (Ending line) What does ugly mean? The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Atmosphere Album: God Loves Ugly Song: Fuck You Lucy Typed by: kilianwrestling@hotmail.com [Women Singing] It - leave - never - would - you - you - show - could - I - if [Slug] She say that she still wants a friendship She can't live her life without me as a friend I can't figure out why I give a damn to what she wants I don't understand the now before the then Most of this garbage I write that these people seem to like Is about you and how I let you infect my life And if they got to know you, I doubt that they would see it They'd wonder what I showed you how you could leave it A friend in Chicago said that I should stay persistent If I stay around I'm bound to break resistance Fuck you Lucy for defining my existence Fuck you and your differences Ever since I was a young lad with a part-time dad It was hard to find happiness inside of what I had I studied my mother, I digested her pain And vowed no women on my path would have to walk the same Travel like sound across the fate ladder I travel with spoon to mix this cake batter And I travel with feel, so I can with touch It's like that, thank you very much, fuck you very much! (Yes, yes it is) And everyone in his life would mistake it as love Everyone in his life would mistake it as love Everyone in his life would mistake it as love (Yes, yes it is) And everyone in his life would mistake it as love Everyone in his life would mistake it as love Everyone in his life would mistake it as love [Slug] Fuck the 'what happened?' I got stuck They can peel pieces of me off the grill of her truck Used to walk with luck, used to hold her hand Fell behind and played the role of a slower man I want to stand on top of this mountain and yell I want to wake up and break up this lake of hell I feel like a bitch for letting the sheet twist me up The last starfighter was wounded, time to give it up On a pick it up mission, kept it bitter Gettin' in a million memories just to forget her The difficulty in keepin' emotions controlled Cookies for the road, took me by the soul Hunger for the drama, hunger for the nurture Gonna take it further, the hurt feels like murder Interpret the eyes, read the lines on her face The sunshine is fake, how much time did I waste? Fuck you Lucy for leaving me Fuck you Lucy for not needing me I wanna say fuck you because I still love you No, I'm not okay, and I don't know what to do (Yes, yes it is) And everyone in his life would mistake it as love Everyone in his life would mistake it as love Everyone in his life would mistake it as love (Yes, yes it is) And everyone in his life would mistake it as love Everyone in his life would mistake it as love Everyone in his life would mistake it as love [Slug] Do I sound mad? Well I guess I'm a little pissed Every action has a point, five points make a fist You close em', you swing em', it's hurts when it hits And the truth can be a bitch, but if the boot fits I got an idea: You should get a tattoo that says warning That's all, just a warning, so the potential victim can take a left And save breath, and avoid you, sober and upset in the morning I wanna scream, "Fuck you Lucy!" But the problem is I love you Lucy So instead I'ma finish my drink and have another While you think about how you used to be my lover (Yes, yes it is) And everyone in his life would mistake it as love Everyone in his life would mistake it as love Everyone in his life would mistake it as love (Yes, yes it is) And everyone in his life would mistake it as love Everyone in his life would mistake it as love Everyone in his life would mistake it as love [Women Singing] It - leave - never - would - you - you - show - could - I - if The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Atmosphere Album: God Loves Ugly Song: Hair Typed by: enigmaticone329@yahoo.com "And she still wonders why I'm so insecure, she giggles cuz I sleep with a..." (sample from "Body Pillow") Girl: Could I throw, like, pennies on stage? So I couldn't be a fuckin groupie and just fuck you cuz you're on stage and others of us want to fuck you? Slug: See bands like us don't get groupies Girl: No Slug: Yea Girls: You're so full of bullshit Slug: No, its not full of shit, I mean, have you ever heard our songs? I mean, basically... exactly, that's what I'm saying Smile, smile with me, smile with me, smile with me, please won't you smile, smile with me, smile with me, smile with me, please won't you... Oh look at her she's lookin as good as dinner and she's lookin back at me as if maybe I'm a winner I'm in my late twenties little girl don't flirt with me I've got the capabilities to program your circuitry You don't have to believe, do yourself a little justice don't let Slug undercook your muffins Oh wait, did I say that? I did? Must be losing it cuz it almost felt that it might just have some truth in it Now back to the platter at hand she said she's 21 and quit school to go work for the man A switch up in the plan, now she's happy as a chorus cuz now she makes rent and now she drives a Taurus Unwindin and hangin out at the bar I wonder if she knows that I'm not really a star She seems to be impressed with my lack of an ego and my self-aware style, I like the way that she smiles She wanna know how I find the words I use I don't really know but I can lie if you want me to Angels sing to me in my sleep I sold my damaged soul for the magic of speak Now she's laughin, she likes the sarcasm Naturally, I'm askin if she's got a captain A captain? You mean a man at home? The answer is no I came to this bar alone Well heaven's to Betty, enough about boyfriends already just tryin to keep the conversation petty As much as I would love to run and play in the forest ain't no way this girl is gonna break into my fortress I've never made a practice, of introducing the mattress to women that I meet at my own gig I don't know, can't imagine anything as small as alcohol and hormones turning out to be anything big Baby's hella beautiful, even kinda bright I've got the fire of a vampire inside me tonight It might be alright, everything seems tight I've got a good buzz and she's giving me the green light So tell me girl, what you doin after? She says hopefully hangin out with my new favorite rapper Now wait a minute, thats not fair, you're throwin boulders I can tell by the way your hair touches your shoulders Be straight with me and I'll be mean with you I can think of some of us that we should do So if you think I'm coming home with you tonight you're probably right(probably right) A few more beers, a couple more laughs, undressing my past with the questions she asked Yes, I love cats and I would love to take a bath If I would spend the night, would you massage my back? She's closin in for the embrace and slightly tucks her head under my face her hair smells so good, I gotta have a taste where's your Ford, let's ditch this place In the parking lot, she sparked it off she must be starving for someone to hit the heart I've never been kissed with such passionate bliss pornstar damn near tore my lips apart honey slow it up, hold it up, start the car and leave this garage, lets go to your apartment Lendale Avenue, on the way to her rest her drunk ass turns to look at me and she says, "You're so beautiful from the hair to the soul I can't believe that I've never met you before it feels like I've been waiting for you my whole life." She missed the red light, hit a pickup truck and we both died The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Atmosphere Album: God Loves Ugly Song: God Loves Ugly Typed by: slugisdumb_@hotmail.com [Girls talking] *honk honk* "Hey, hey what are you doing over there?" "I..I'm just standin', I.." "Come here, come here." "Ok." "What are you doing?" "I'm just waitin' for..you know he's..he might come now." "Left you standin' in the rain all wet." "Wai..wait, I just wanna say." "No no, who are you waiting for?" "A guy I met at the show." "Who Slug? You're waiting for fucking Slug!" "No! I mean no, uh yeah." "Oh no, you're..you're fucking kidding me." "He's so hot." *Mixed conversation* "Fuckin' Slug? Oh my God, he is so fucking ugly." (Verse 1) I wear my scars like the rings on a pimp I live life like the captain of a sinking ship The one thing that I can guarantee I'm like a stepping raiser, I suggest you stay fair with me Been paying dues for a decade plus Before that I was just another face on the bus Tappin my foot, to the beat on the radio Dreaming bout the mic and the money and the ladies, Oh mom, I promise I'm gonna be large Some day I'm gonna stop trying to borrow your car Gonna go far, with charisma and skill Until they put my face on a million dollar bill Atmosphere, it's just a ten letter word Discretion is the name of my cement feathered bird And if you didn't hear, then fuck whatever's heard I think you got the sickness, I suggest you get it cured Caught up in the mix of a bottle full of fix I'ma hobble down the street till I reach Knob Creek It's not that I dont like you, I just dont want to speak You fucking freak, now keep your days out my week The world keeps a balance, through mathematics Defined by whatever you've added and subtracted I'm pushin on the hammer to trigger the brain Embrace how I live, cause God loves ugly (Hook) God Loves Ugly.. God Loves Ugly.. (echos) (Verse 2) Once upon a time in Minneapolis, yo I damn near had to steal the show I stepped on the stage, who is it? My name's Slug, I've come to kill a couple minutes And what's up with the way that everybody gathers around Each other, so they can steal each other's sound If it's all about getting down, when they get down How long I gotta wait for these fools to sit down? Appears more clear in it's simplest form Nobody sees tears when you're standin' in the storm Abandonin' the norm, and handlin' the harvest Measurin the worth by the depth of the hardship I welcome all the hatred you can aim at my name I held onto the sacred ways of how to play the game When the soldiers started runnin short on rations I began tappin' the egg to spark the hatchin' Make it happen, and take this captain to the gallows I keep steering us into an area that's shallow Talking to my shadow, he advised me not to worry Said, I should plant my tree and let it rise out of the fury So give me some light, a little love and some liquid, I'ma creep through the night and put a plug in the spigot And when the water grows, and the dam starts to overflow I'll float on top the flood holdin' on to my ugly (Hook) God Loves Ugly.. God Loves Ugly.. (echos) (Verse 3) Why scream, when you can lose yourself inside the widescreen? Let life be a bowl of melted ice cream Or be the deer that's caught in my high beams I'm rolling with the brights on, Scared stiff, reality is just too much to bear with Paranoid, walking around, careless, No wonder your in love your therapist Go to sleep my little time bomb (Hook) God Loves Ugly.. God Loves Ugly.. (echos) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Atmosphere Album: God Loves Ugly Song: A Song about a Friend Typed by: kilianwrestling@hotmail.com Slug: "I didn't say nothin'." Girl: "What?" Slug: "I didn't say nothin'.'" Girl: "Yes you did." Slug: "No I didn't." Girl: "No you didn't say anything, you just looked at me funny like I'm some sort of fucking freak." Slug: "I didn't look at you." Girl: "Yeah, you looked at me." Slug: "No." Girl: "Yeah, you fucking did." Slug: "What do you mean freak?" Who's this one about? Who's this one about?... [Slug] These headphones keep me from rememberin' (rememberin') Also guilty of letting me not forget (also guilty) What type of harvest will September bring? (beckoning) Everyone to put him to that test (Somebody please kill me) I've got a sickness, it feels like love It's not contagious, take off the gloves Drop your defenses, apply a coat of perfect I'll form the sentences you try to interpret It'd all be so simple if I was rich (But I'm not) But I'm not so I compensate with thought (I got a lot) I got a lot of nothin' that you need to know (Ay yo) You would think he wasn't aware of the glow (Where'd you go?) Swimmin' in a bottle of imposters Losin' my ground in the name of takin' it farther We can thumb wrestle or we can make a daughter I thought it was supposed to get easier when you worked harder Stole the city, I still feel helpless Baited the hook and caught me a shellfish (?selfish?) I'm gonna gut it, clean it, cook it, feed it to a she(?) And see if I can get her to need me [Chorus x2] And now I'm standin' at the bottom of the steps And if I tilt my head a little I can look up her dress And I'm willin' to bet that she'd move if she knew So I'ma tap her on the shoulder, I'ma give her a clue [Slug] All it takes is a stroll down the street A pro and he greets and he sold the life to me Showed you the meaning of the artery he keeps on the end of his sleeve As he pretends he can breathe Lend me a piece of your superiority I feel alone on this mission, I'm wishin' there was more of me A pair of me, apparently I'm a parasite caught inside a paradox A paradise, a parody, the hair police have got what you need For you to get over me and move on with Godspeed I'd let it all go and break eggs for a livin' If I wasn't so conditioned to just take what I'm given Get it, got it, catch it, caught it, and lost it Yet I can't stop it, it's embedded in my optics Plus the frustration is a product of the gossip If you can't walk away can you at least change the topic? Overextended the amount of time allotted Broke the engine, I don't know, cracked the block Now I'm standin' at this gravel roadside festival And I ain't tryin' to move cause this view is incredible [Chorus x2] Standin' at the bottom of the steps And if I tilt my head a little I can look up her dress And I'm willin' to bet that she'd move if she knew So I'ma tap her on the shoulder, I'ma give her a clue [Slug] Fall in love with all of she (Fall in love with all of she) Hasn't stopped callin' me (Hasn't stopped callin' me) Message in a bottle (There's a message in a bottle) And I stepped inside a pothole (I stepped inside a pothole) Somehow forgot my name (Somehow forgot my name) Blew out the flame (She blew out the flame) A means to an end (A means to an end) Can't even be friends, it's a song about a friend She's still in my dreams (She steals all my dreams) Angel spread your wings (Angel spread your wings) Tryin' to comprehend (I'm still tryin' to comprehend) Can't even be friends, it's a song about a friend [Slug talking] All together...(Crowd: WHOOO!) Smile while you do that shit, you know what I'm saying? Cause like some of ya'll, if you ain't smilin' you're ugly I swear to God Alright, some neat ones (?Shaniquas?) Alright, on the count of three. 1. 2. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Atmosphere Album: God Loves Ugly Song: Saves the Day Typed by: slugisdumb_@hotmail.com (Verse 1) From the fifth floor I schedule my meeting with the moon Stress, let it go so it don't completely consume When the vegetables bite back, and the grass starts to sting I yell up to heaven to get me the hell out of this dream I fell out of my stream of self-consciousness And I got welts on my mind to signify all my accomplishments No matter whose math you use to count the dead Progress will never rest, in the hand that has no head Brought my brain a cane and asked it to be my pimp You know, to make sure I don't get stuck up in my fuck ups A little overanxious I was, to bust nuts And find the answers making love Out of a canvas full of touch-ups I dip my brush into what I've wept for And wonder out loud as I can, how long I've slept for I should rob a pet store, let the dogs wild I should close all the schools just to make the kids smile Sieze the limit, let the sky be the moment Put the key to the ignition, I'ma ride these donuts And when it breaks, lock the door, walk away Won't be nothin else to talk about, nothin else to say (Hook x4) I'm just waiting for the moment I can break away The only reason that I stay, so I can save the day See I'm just waiting for the moment, I can break away The only reason that I stay, so I can save the day I'm just waitin for the moment, I can break away.. (Verse 2) Let's stand on the corner, throw rocks at people So there's no surprises, written off as evil I sleep next to women that I don't deserve They like to hurt my pride, while I work their nerves Once upon a time, it was worth it, When the urges get fed, And the purpose finds a path to the surface Is respect considered a breakfast food? I'm guilty of the type of attitude that wrecks your mood The truth can be pain, and I hate to do it Either face the music, or get away from me stupid Super glue it down, now it better not move See I'm not the best, but I'm in the top two And I'm not that friendly, when this cup is empty It's a side effect from trying to find the fucks that sent me See I didn't just happen, I was made this way By the same egomaniac that came this way (Hook) See I'm just waiting for the moment, I can break away The only reason that I stay, so I can save the day I'm just waitin for the moment, I can break away The only reason that I stay, so I can save the day (Verse 3) See I gave up lying, but I still tiptoe I'm as stubborn as they come, and I'm known to hit low If I had a chisel, I would carve out a hole For me to hide in everytime the mighty wind blows Since no one knows, where the hell we gonna go I'm gonna stand right here, until the end of the show I'm gonna clap my hands, so don't pass the chance, To unsnap my pants, get on my lap and dance No longer am I mad about the things I don't have All I'm living for is love and laughs The last starfighter's weapons were rendered useless So we pulled the scissors and cut the cord to end this music.. music (fades out) (fades in and out again) (Ending) You want the fucking window rolled up, You roll up the fucking window you piece of shit! Don't fucking talk to me like that, Don't fucking talk to me at all! You act so fucking ugly! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Atmosphere Album: God Loves Ugly Song: Lovelife Typed by: ORBErawkz@hotmail.com Individually wrapped, placed in neat little rows Becoming A piece, of everything that grows Some numbers, A name, to indicate you played the game Came empty handed and left the same A soul is A soul and A shell is A shell The border in between is full of everything you felt Some cling to A cross because they're tired and lost They leave it up to the weather to measure the cost And everytime I look within I recognize the darkness Familiar to the image of the artist Staring at the bathroom mirror in A strangers apartment Can't remember her name, don't remember how I got here But here I am, thinking about death again Humbles out the stress, helps the breath get in I need to check my friends as well as my next of kin To let them know I love them all to the end And when the soul begins to reap, I think she'll know me from the sleep I keep caught in the corner of my bloodshot eyes And if she has the nerve, to let me dump a few last words I'm gonna turn to the earth and scream "Love your life!" Love your life, quite cliche but I guess thats me A ball of pop culture with some arms and feet As discrete as I've tried to keep the drama and cancer It's no secret I hunger for someone to feed the answers I never expected a bowl of cherries I'm just a virgo trying to find my own version of the virgin mary And when I let them carry me to a cemetary I wanna be buried with a pocket full of clarity (Chorus) Now, how many times must you prove you're an angel How many more demons do you have to strangle How much longer must you remain in this dream Before I finally figure out if you're insane or a genius How many times must you prove you're an angel How many more demons do you have to strangle How much longer must you remain in this dream Before I finally figure out if you're insane or a genius Let no tears to fall from none of y'all Just remember it all, the beauty as well as the flaws L-O-V-E L-I-F-E Here lies Sean, finally free And as I look across the sea I smile at the sun While it feeds the weeds the nutrition they need The people still breathe, the city still bleeds I'm going to love it to death and keep planting my seeds I'm going to love it to death and keep an eye on the seeds I'll be in love till im dead, I keep reaching the seeds I'll give all I got left just to teach you to read Love life to the death and keep planting my seeds And when the soul begins to reap, I think she'll know me from the sleep I keep caught in the corner of my bloodshot eyes And if she has the nerve, to let me dump a couple last words I'm gonna turn to the earth and scream (Love your life) (Chorus) LOVELIFE (x16) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Atmosphere Album: God Loves Ugly Song: Breathing Typed by: enigmaticone329@yahoo.com "Take a deep breath relax, don't push it on out."(x2) Somebody please explain to them what it be about "Take a deep breath relax, don't push it on out."(x2) Somebody please explain to them what it be about They can't sleep yet, too many re-grets Got em running round in circles for the re-spect They need the gossip, but where's the logic? Voices in the box guarantee a better product So here I sit now, and watch em trip out Trying to pick a finger to put upon what its about But if there was a point, you would still avoid You should've taught the boys and girls how to take apart their toys I stay up-set,with all the pup-pets submerged in the drama cuz they love it That if they can hold the pain, and then they complain Why would you chase away the sun if you don't want the rain? I never asked for the world, just a portion Tryin to make a good soldier out of daddy's little orphan But management called down, demanded that we turned the sound down And with that, I suggest we start the count-down Simplistic spiral and work your way backwards 'Til the bastards collapse and choke on their last words And I'll be back when its happy hour So just pour me another and ignore me my brother Breathe in, breathe out, the sign says "keep out" Breathe in, breathe out, somebody please explain to them what it be about Breathe in, breathe out, the sign says "keep out" Somebody fill up my gut before I freak out Low profile, no more smiles, til all of y'all quit acting so damn wild Slow down child, you're gonna lose balance, too overanxious, the goods will get damaged Girl, how many stories can you fit into a tanktop? How many wishes get spent on what you ain't got? The youth want truth, well thank god Tryin to keep it movin, while you're sittin in the same spot Been in this cage for a long time (long time) Been coverin this page with the wrong rhymes (wrong rhymes) Got a strong mind, I got a weak will I've got bad nerves and I can't keep still But I stay humble, so when the meek take the planet I can get a little piece with my name on it The only problem is by then I won't want it I'm in the backyard praying and hoping for the comet Are you lookin to remember or searchin for adventure? I guess it all depends on the agenda Do you carry a grudge? Do you carry a gun? I guess it all depends on where you come from Surroundings are gonna dictate the needs I'm out, I wanna live around lakes and trees And I'll be back when its happy hour So just pour me another and ignore me my brother Breathe in... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Atmosphere Album: God Loves Ugly Song: Vampires Typed by: kilianwrestling@hotmail.com [Slug] I do believe in monsters, I call them officers I know enough to know to keep an eye on how I talk to them Some of ya'll are peace, but even one two many Is still a decent number for the breeding of a beast With no release, she keeps and teaches no remorse More resembling of a thief than a horse Plans long range, attached to some fangs And an arm that's strong, watch the song when they change Nothing's strange, cause you know before you saw it It's all the same, there ain't no such thing as flawless But all I want is a little more security A little more safety, a lot less uncertainty Override the circuitry, the sun is your god(?) Recognize the urgency, uncover your eyes When I turn on the lights, she vanishes, hides But I can feel here essence in the air Acknowledge the night stalker and regard her as a hunter Count the amount she takes from the slumber Summer ain't as hot as you would think Martyr(?) the child that wears the target for the teeth to sink This world is a vampire, she eats her kids Let's hide the bodies under the bridge This world is a vampire, she eats her kids Let's hide the bodies under the bridge This country's a vampire, she eats her kids Let's hide the bodies under the bridge This city's a vampire, she eats her kids Let's hide the bodies under the bridge [Slug] She lurks in the alleys with the wrong reality Allegiance, honor, keep it all in the family Consumes the young, blind, deaf, and the dumb Drains the vein and puts them under the thumb She's on the television, celebrate status quo Energy, push mute on the remote control Break the beats, shatter the measure to pieces All I've left is the breath and the will to prove the thesis It's difficult to figure out who to fear Gettin' older by the minute, younger by the year Will the hunger disappear, metabolism slow World domination is the goal Now let's gather the kids, and take em' out to the sticks Teach em' all how to live, come take my hand and walk with me Before the vampires lock down the Twin Cities This world is a vampire, she eats her kids Let's hide the bodies under the bridge This world is a vampire, she eats her kids Let's hide the bodies under the bridge This country's a vampire, she eats her kids Let's hide the bodies under the bridge This city's a vampire, she eats her kids Let's hide the bodies under the bridge [Slug] Through the mud of the evening she trudges The name, the blood is tainted with traces of loveless From up above, truth watches in bewilderment Contemplating how he really isn't feeling it Just another chapter of another moving picture Another after thought looking for a new elixir But if she goes even when she has to climb Out the window, out of sight, out of mind Look out for me below because I've never been on top of nothin' Other than a stove inside a pot of water bubblin' And boilin' between a puzzle and poison Two games in the same toy bin But when my times comes you better beat the drums And aim the guns at the ones that eat the young If we let her, she'll do whatever it takes to survive You don't stop till you take her life This world is a vampire, she eats her kids Let's hide the bodies under the bridge This world is a vampire, she eats her kids Let's hide the bodies under the bridge This country's a vampire, she eats her kids Let's hide the bodies under the bridge This city's a vampire, she eats her kids Let's hide the bodies under the bridge [Little Girl's Voice] I don't wanna to go (???) And she's really ugly Check the orphanage... This world is a vampire, she eats her kids Let's hide the bodies under the bridge This world is a vampire, she eats her kids Let's hide the bodies under the bridge This world is a vampire, she eats her kids Let's hide the bodies under the bridge All of ya'll are vampires, you eat your kids The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Atmosphere Album: God Loves Ugly Song: A Girl Named Hope Typed by: kilianwrestling@hotmail.com [Slug] *whispers* Come on, let's go She abandoned me, left me out in the cold No surprises, I guess that's how it goes Sits across from me, at a booth in this dive(?) I contemplate how much more I can survive But I'm alive, so I should be content Then tell why the hell my whole world is bent I was sentiment can frustrate the population In-between the alcohol and the copulation What you call it, if you build it I will break it What's wrong? How you doin'? Nah, save it Gave it(?her?) a fraction of all I had to give I guess I hold a grudge, cause you still got my rib With your beautiful eyes, unscrupulous lies Now watch the circus clown run around in circles and try Seems like all I get to eat is hope Girl, if we got along better we'd be dope [Sample] Oh walls, they surround me Loneliness, has found me [Slug] And for as much as I complain, I'm lovin' it And I only mention it so that I can rub it in Wake up to the sunlight, shake off last night Check what's left and try to get the rest right Decision, splitting headache lifting Symptoms matching, mama was afraid of it Knowledge of self ain't as evil as they made it Call it what you want, if you build it they will break it The plain truth, there's no substitute But sometimes she bares the disguise (yes you do) A story teller kills(?) with life not hope Girl, if we got along better we'd be dope And that's the sound that a dog will make when he's just been hit by a car And that's the tone that hits close to home, when the cocaine outlives the star And that's the noise that disrupts the boys when the cue ball smacks it goal(?) And these are the words that disturb your earth when I walk away with your hope The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Atmosphere Album: God Loves Ugly Song: GodLovesUgly Reprise Typed by: kilianwrestling@hotmail.com [Slug] 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7 God loves you (x12) We can make sure you have fun! Yes we can, yes we shall, yes we will We can make sure you have pain! Yes we can, yes we shall, yes we will We can make sure you have hell! Yes we can, yes we shall, yes we will We can make sure you have life! Yes we can, yes we shall, yes we will We can make sure you have... Yes, yes we can, yes we shall, yes we will *Woman chanting* The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Atmosphere Album: God Loves Ugly Song: Modern Man's Hustle Typed by: Fictionagent@hotmail.com [Slug] The first time I met the devil was at a motel 6 She left hell to spend her weekends on earth just for kicks Sexy little bitch, shorter then expected About 5 foot 5, getting thick in the breast and thighs Beautiful dark eyes, a strong stare Large lips, soft hands and long hair I said I'll make you smile for the simple fact I'm good at it I'll make you smile just so I can sit and look at it I will show you all you need to know You must hold on to anyone that wants you And I will love you through simple and the struggle But girl, you got to understand the modern man must hustle I will show you all you need to know You must hold on to anyone that wants you And I will love you through simple and the struggle But girl, you got to understand the modern man must hustle [Slug] Who cares what Janes says? She always spits the same spit I'd rather kill the radio and listen to the rain hit Little sister needs seclusion some how she'll discover it through the pop music Got used to the feeling of falling, but she'll never see her following Bouncing back and forth between the healing and the hollering Riding the outer ring of your own private saturn Thoughts scattered all across the grey matter Little baby doll she doesn't know what to say to ya'll The patience is short and of course the pride is way to tall Break it all smash the past like it was made of glass Ain't no other way to make it last It hurts to watch Lucy lose a dream I've had the pleasure of seeing our hero kick and scream And when she calms down I'll turn the sound down And put my arms around the little lost and found and I'll tell her that.. I will show you all you need to know You must hold on to anyone that wants you And I will love you through simple and the struggle But girl, you got to understand the modern man must hustle I will show you all you need to know You must hold on to anyone that wants you And I will love you through simple and the struggle But girl, you got to understand the modern man must hustle [Slug] Hush little lady don't say a word Or the rest of the village gonna know you're disturbed And if you let them know that you're vulnerable Then there aint no stopping how far they open you slow (yo yo yo) I'm a chapter in yout text book read me like a checkbook Mistook love at first sight for a sex look Enough of the blind man's bluff, I wan't the good stuff Trying to hookup a full belly and a foot rub The modern man's hustle I dig it, I shuffle Feed me your troubles and need me to cuddle (come on) Bundle up in my mitten and coat As cold as it gets I keep your winter afloat So let the snow fall, (it's coming down) She doesn't want to understand why I still come around She look at the mirror she'd just see what I see She holds no history of how precious she be Lay your head on my chest, speak of the stress Kick your feet up and rest, before we clean up the nest I hate to see you upset it cramps the position And if you didn't know you better listen (you better listen) Cause... I will show you all you need to know You must hold on to anyone that wants you And I will love you through simple and the struggle But girl, you got to understand the modern man must hustle I will show you all you need to know You must hold on to anyone that wants you And I will love you through simple and the struggle But girl, you got to understand the modern man must hustle The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Atmosphere Album: God Loves Ugly Song: One of a Kind Typed by: kilianwrestling@hotmail.com [Slug talking to crowd] I'm different because I respect my audience and I don't yell at them... And I'm special because I respect my audience... (Guy in crowd: YA!) SHUT THE FUCK UP! [Slug] The way she listen to what the MC said She might as well plug the RCA cords into her head Taking that into consideration, at the center of creation Cats still criticize my frustration raps Well off he goes, come and cop some flows Cross your toes in hopes that I don't climb you like an obstacle Mission Impossible, fishin' in the kitchen sink Ya'll'll fall for anything so what you think this kid'll bring? Poker face, let me hold my place, the name's sake(?) Slug But you? You can call me so(?) grace Open invitation to catch today's ejaculation All across the front of your pretty little apron (Bitch) This goes to those that wanna mouthful of Sean's load Thanks for startin' now you're barkin' down the wrong road Sacrifice plays a part in grabbin' mics from now till the afterlife I'll continue, pass(?) it like I love this fuckin' whore with all my heart And ain't nobody gonna stop me from doin' my part It gave me life, it saved me life, it raised me right So slideshow decide (slide shoulder side), and please hand over that mic [Chorus x2] Who am I? [2nd: What is this?] One of a kind Send em' one at time You're all the same Only separate by kick snares and names Some of ya'll even share the same names So fuck you and your lies baby show no shame [Slug] So point a finger at the sucker that's havin' a good summer Ain't got no bread, no wheat, no Wonder But I got the phone number to this weakness I know Who can put me back together, make me feel whole So take me apart, try to break me down And spend all you got just to hate the clown You can fake the frown, imitate the sound Underworld, worldwide, wide world of underground It goes one little, two little, three little indie rap Headphones, backpack, watch em' all piggy back Switch up my styles, they all complain but see Which kids next year sound the same as me! The same shit, yesterday was like today Only difference is I trust even less of what you say But all in all, I still make the noise I still break the toys, I still hate your voice I still say, "Fuck a major label till it limps!" Put your deal upon our table and we'll show you who's the pimp There is no sympathy for the careless Fuck the extra credit, and fuck the demerits Class dismissed [Chorus x2] One of a kind Send em' one at time You're all the same Only separate by kick snares and names Some of ya'll even share the same names So fuck you and your lies baby show no shame What is this? Who am I? One of a kind, one at a time... So fuck you and your lies baby show no shame The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Atmosphere Album: God Loves Ugly Song: Blamegame Typed by: kilianwrestling@hotmail.com [Slug] Yo yo yo... I wish that I had something to say That could wipe that smile right off of your face Here take my hand pretend you know my man Blame it all on the game, blame it all on the game [Sample] (???) is a thing that we love So here's another one to get jealous of...do it Ja!(?) [Slug] So put your hand up if you remember the Juice Crew They don't make em' like they used to This supposed to be the new school? Your guns are aimless, songs are nameless How long you been famous? I claim this region to hundred-mile radius Twin Cities' flavors RhymeSayers got the tastiest And you can hate me, it's part of the territory As long as you know it's impossible to ignore me From middle fingers to hugs, tofu to the drugs The fights fist(?), might as well just take pictures of Slug And live out your own life to the fullest Why(?while?) you starin' at my feet when you're standin' in this bullshit? You could never learn how to ride a bike without balance So what's the point of trying to grab the mic without talents Go get your brakes looked at, you fuckin' fake hood rat Wanna be the basement's greatest? Too late, already took that! Father knows best, but Father knows stress But Father needs love, a back rub, and some rest Damn he could use a good home cooked meal Been burnin' both ends since he broke the seal Up, up and away, watch him take off Give himself a little hell and quit the day job And ignite the sunlight, tryin' to write about life About face(?), break the fear, and you're here till the plight(?) And I wish that I had something to say That could wipe that smile right off of your face Here take my hand pretend you know my name And blame it all on the game, blame it all on the game [Slug] Cat's be walkin' into the spot like they own it Wearin' a face that they should save for they opponents With the shoelaces tied, you're(?yet?) too wasted to drive Either way I've arrived to bless this place with my vibe Yeah right, my vibe ain't even cool I sit in the corner and drink until I slur and drool The t-shirt says shoot pool, not people Kill time, not life, grab the mic and let the beat go (Beat go beat go beat go) But that's good for me, It's hard to hide a magic card when you wear a short sleeve Force feed what I've got when they not hungry Tryin' to replace everything that they ripped off from me Bloke(?) the tummy, and choke the dummy theory Beat the point dead until these folks hear me clearly Keep it all simple, a simplistic intricate(?) Rebuild the robots with bigger tits and little fists Repo man(?), a world full of slow jams Grab the prize and clutch it tight with both hands Why go (???) talk Anyone that calls this fall off(?) can suck my balls off I ain't goin' nowhere, I'm still here, right here Same spot that I stood when you first woke up The same guy that grabbed the mic and made your girl wanna fuck The same MC still runnin' on an empty tank of luck And I wish that I had something to say That could wipe that smile right off of your face Here take my hand, pretend you know my name And blame it all on the game, blame it all on the game And I wish that I had something to say That could wipe that smile right off of your face Come here take my hand, pretend you know..know..know Blame it all on the game (Blame it all on the game) [x10] [Sample] Because of the beats other rhymes, when in fact it did (?whole line?) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Atmosphere Album: God Loves Ugly Song: Shrapnel Typed by: kilianwrestling@hotmail.com [Slug] Shrapnel... I can't remember who asked me, but someone asked me How long I thought that I would be allowed atop this trash heap I didn't answer cause I'm tired of criticizing the masses Inspired the support the devouring of the self All the power to the people who dig potholes Placed me in a glass case full of lost treasures and fossils Got a right to be hostile, my love is gettin' gang raped By an army full money hungry crocodiles Quantity is up, market in a flood But the party over here has never steered through this much love I'll take the laughter, but I'd rather have the women Who am I kiddin'? I'll be content with whatever I'm givin' Work for food, rent, sex, money, or water I don't know what else that you have to offer Your first born daughter? No need, already got her She came to the set hungry and left hot and bothered My posse's full of women, computer nerds, and thugs Much to my dismay, I'm none of the above. Someday I'ma be the mack of the minute And you were so damn good I'ma have to forget it Listen to the mimic, it's almost on Drink, tigga(?) hit me with a tall potion(?) Think quick, how much more insult Will it take for me to break your light bulb Shrapnel... [Chorus x2] Shards of pull cards scattered on the carpet It's hard to breathe cause you wear a fitted target Tug upon a choke chain, travel the code rain(?) Of course I've came to show you shrapnel [Slug] Check your mail, climb your ladder Count the pieces you've managed to gather Does it matter? What are you trying to achieve? Let go of your throat if you're dying to breathe And finally we've begun to make a little progress Ain't a single dock in this river that can stop us Lost in the mix like a feeble(?) over dub Got me screaming at these shippin' till these people know what's up Yeah Slug's back, but his collection of hub caps Caught a buzzin' brought a notebook full of love raps Open the pipes and tuck that voice in I'ma sit on this corner and nibble on my poison Baby once in awhile I find a reason to smile But most the time it's spent deep in denial It's all make believe, I want the cake to eat But this lake's too deep, tryin' to stand on two feet Wonderin' about the thunder runnin' through this blood I try to keep my cool, but the hat fits too snug Study the love, took my degree Shoved it into a bottle, chucked it into the sea Shrapnel... [Chorus x2] Shards of pull cards scattered on the carpet It's hard to breathe cause you wear a fitted target Tug upon a choke chain, travel the code rain(?) Of course I've came to show you shrapnel Shrapnel... [Chorus x4] Shards of pull cards scattered on the carpet It's hard to breathe cause you wear a fitted target Tug upon a choke chain, travel the code rain(?) Of course I've came to show you shrapnel Shrapnel...(repeated to end) I am not ugly (reversed) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Murs & Slug Album: Felt - A Tribute to Christina Ricci Song: The Two Typed by: wcampbell1217@hotmail.com [Slug] I'm not a player I throw up a lot - "I know" The wicked walk amongst us and you don't know me that well Prolly shouldn't trust the story I tell I'm gonna speak it how I saw it because I call you my friend So take a drink from the gauntlet and sit down whence Once upon a time before gas masks at school Back when cash was the golden rule There were two super heroes who tried to bring love to the earth One was slug the other one was Murs [Murs] The team s and m not for sadomasochism But trying to save the innocent from the master's prison Airwaves disaster-ridden, we wear masks for a livin And we make dope songs, the task we were given We're to air out the main stream brain washed zombies Who wanna smoke blunts and live with their mommies Two mouths to feed no urge to succeed Cause the music don't inspire him to go and take the lead So... [Slug] Lets hit the streets Catch bullets with our teeth Get the kitten out the tree Bring evil to its knees Clean its mouth out with bleach and send it on its way Bring the children a better day [Murs] So they can go out and play don't have to be players Now the music is so cold that they listen to it with layers So we try to warm em up, gamma-blast through the speakers Cause we 'Leaders of the New', how about our 'Sound of Zeekers'? And we drownin out the weaker, findin rhymes like heat-seekers From the blast that's in the wrists, combattin evil With some wax in our fist, on tracks we don't miss Uncanny classic hits, who's the team that can't be dissed? [Chorus:Slug] Its the two Its the two (You can not see it) The two (The keepers of the wisdom and power) Its the two (You can not see it) [Murs] Now day in day out We fought continuous bouts At every corner of the world where we heard evil shout Hearts filled with courage bank accounts full of doubt We gotta find a way to make it all balance out [Slug] Now even heroes gotta eat and put fuel in the tummy So it started getting real when the two ran out of money And if you saw them you wouldn't be able to tell Did a fine job saving mankind from hell [Murs] Well we saved the world and brought joy to the masses But couldn't save ourselves from the government and taxes And the justice league so we had to pay dues When we couldn't ante up the kicked us out the crew Now in the hood there were a few who did appreciate the saga But didn't have the ends to fund this armada So now we were the two with no H2 And open to attack from every wack crew [Slug] And the fateful day came could it be That two had been beat Do they face defeat Overcooked time to climb out of the book Had a grasp let go lost grip when it got shook The magic Cadillac eats a lot of gas Rent and food the two had no cash So they had to get jobs at a record store And every thing went back to how it was before [Chorus:Slug] They were the two (You can not see it) We were the two (The keepers of the wisdom and power) Where are the two (You can not see it) Now its up to you [Slug] And the moral to our stupid little song is It doesn't matter who's the smartest or the strongest Love ain't enough for anyone to see it through So make all checks and money orders payable to who The two (You can not see it) Its the two (The keepers of the wisdom and power) The two (You can not see it) Its the two (The keepers of the wisdom and power) (You can not see it, but it is there, believe us) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: MURS & Slug Album: FELT: A Tribute to Christina Ricci Song: Anneurysm Typed by: jongardner187@hotmail.com * * send corrections to the typist (Verse 1: Slug) ...And when the vain start to pop from the blood Pushed away from the heart Patience, I need more, as my temper becomes tempted To up and down on this seesaw I should escape, I should disappear Its gettin clear, crystal clear I'm in a bad position here I gave you power, gave you control But you had to play the role Reckless with the treasure that you hold There isn't much as unsatisfying as the blind man listening Believing in the one that's lying Hide the crying, tears in the pocket A fool for the interlude that introduced the moshpit Exhausted by the storm, before the calm Holding on to a memory, keeping it warm within my palm Wake up, Time Bomb, the clock is ticking Shot the gift and all you got's a pot to piss in and some wrong decisions And here you are again, emotions in your hand Like your powerless, an innocent victim of circumstance Tell me that it hurts again Tell me that it weighs you down Tell you that you need me And I'll tell you that I hate you now FUCK YOU, you don't know what you need And this is the last time I'll tell you Next time I'm gonna leave I can't watch your destruction I can't trust your judgement I swear to God your better then this I wish you'd quit those drugs, bitch (Slug and Murs) High or low, hot and cold, took the wheel, lost control Good and bad, wrong or right, die to live a longer life Stop and go, in and out, touch and feel, scream and shout Back and forth, up and down, off the course, fuck it now (Chorus: Sung by Slug and Murs: Repeat 2X) I can't sleep now, lying keeps me awake (Verse 2: Murs) Now here I stand, the threshold of anger A pathway-- to which I am no stranger Danger lurks the other side, once I cross, I black out And I start to act out, act my age, act my color Act a fool, actin' other then myself (in a way) Quick, to the shelf, and dusted of the AK A war with no reason, America's demon I reside and hide in the beast underneath A inch of flesh and skull, if the brain vain pops Might become a vegetable, so I take the stress in full Pull hard on a cigarette thinking that an aneurysm might just be a quicker death I flick the Red and keep in step Figure stress to make you blow your brains out From the inside, without the double barrel Blood bubble, eyes narrow Vains bulged from the forehead More trouble than it's worth ??? calls red so I pause for my head two fingers to my temple as the tempo increases not for peace, but a piece as in cold steel I hold still, clutch... Want to cock back, bust and thrust this pressure from my head Before my brain starts to flush Hush, you hear that? It's the voices that's talking Squalkin, mine can get me stopping, twitchin and itchin To get into some shit then--- (scream) Head spinnin, they winnin, blendin, evil would say it bit in my wheel sendin a chill till I... (Chorus 6X) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Murs & Slug Album: Felt - A Tribute to Christina Ricci Song: Hot Bars Typed by: JonGardner187@hotmail.com (Chorus: Slug and Murs) I spit hot bars, I spit on cop cars I spit game to the chicks that belong to rock stars I got the goods from uptown to Hollywood So what you don't like us? Your girl probably would... [Slug] Havin a good day on the freeways of Los A In Murs' El Dora' listenin to Ghostface Well hold up, and let me smile for a minute While I look across the sky for a limit Come and get it, I'ma ride this rollercoaster 'til the wheels fall off And I'ma ride your Cali Roll until my eel goes soft [Murs] Take a journey through the mind of a one of a kind Self-made motherfucker that's enjoying his time On land, on air, on mics and on sea Let it all just be, good times on me It's California, fool, flyest breezies in the world And we can roll up a bleezy that'll make your toes curl [Slug] and it goes Puff Puff Pass So you can kiss my ass Oh you didn't know? You must have missed the class [Murs] It's sunshine, one-time, MC's with punchlines Hit Elements on Sunday, put it on the frontline [Slug] and tell em all to make some ruckus For the fuckers in the clutches And the soldiers in the trenches And the wenches on the guest list Call Heaven, tell them "Got a situation Murs and Se7en came to breakfast And they left with all the bacon..." (Chorus 2X) [Murs] We be the first dudes putting treasure over beats Every measure be complete to make sure it's buried deep Locked in your memory to provide a safe keep So even if you diggin' what another rapper sayin He can't break the seal so our music keeps playin Living Legends, Rhymesayin so I know yall been waitin So I open up the gate and, Slug made his way in And we pimp this production as a present for the patients [Slug] JustJump back, kiss yourself And thank your God for your breath and your health Life is short and all days, surprise Keep your nose clean, open your ears and your eyes [Murs] Call me Mr. President for short, a credit to the sport Incredible in court, an indelible source An immeasurable force, the strength of her force And I'm pushin metaphors just to better y'all course [Slug] Here, vision is blurry, living in a hurry No worries, you can call me Chicken Little Curry Keep the channel spicy, flippin words like Vanna Whitey And watch the contestants run in circles to analyze me Here we go, Mr. Quiet Storm Break down, take apart your heart and redesign the form Tried to warn 'em, nobody heeded So we succeeded at feedin these sheep what the party needed (Chorus 2X) [Slug] But baby, I'm only boarding 21 and higher You're kind of young, you should settle down, tiger Take a little time to, reweave the fiber Reach for tomorrow and let me borrow your lighter [Murs] Yeah, I freestyled with him-- and him too But they still haven't gone through what I been through Excuse me, what we've been through Meaning me and you, see I'm just like you Except I rock the mic and you work at a dot com Or maybe you're a critic Tryin to say the same line, but what it doesn't matter Cause I'm still Murs and you're still bitter and This is my verse and I'm talking to my listeners [Slug] So if you're Sleepless in Seattle Disturbed in Pittsburgh Lost it in Austin Ann Arbor firestarted Fuck me, Kentucky You got me, Millwaukee And the devil wore jeans in New Orleans From Los Angeles  to Minneapolis  We want to thank all of yall for havin us Make it pleasure, make it sting Whatever the way you swing From the A to the Zing I would never change a thing [Murs] R.I.P. Bigga B, Rob O-N-E Says Unity and "Fly ID" Wouldn't be here without them So the love flows free I wouldn't be here without them So the love flows free The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Murs & Slug Album: Felt - A Tribute to Christina Ricci Song: Suzanne Vega Typed by: Dss_31642@yahoo.com (Slug) I was sitting at the stoplight  In my car rolled down the windows When this driver pulled on side of me And offered me some indo I told her that I didnt smoke But I thanked her for the offer I thought I might just ask her name Instead I made a left (Murs) On 3rd and La Cienega Can't front I was into her She offered me a blunt Damn I wish I smoked Indica Cause I'll remember her From the center of Beverly, she was heavenly Still on my mind from a while back She had a smile that shook the clouds off the sun A set of lovely lips made me fumble my tongue Hair up in a bun, up under a cap She was a down low beauty, see I like 'em like that She kept it on the low, but high enough to see She made me feel special, like she did it all for me Not much up top, I would say about a B Her pants hugged her frame, made me want to know her name But I've never been the type to step up and spit game In a mall full of women that were begging for attention Fake eyes, fake tits, fake hair extensions She walked through my dreams Then she cut through the seams (Slug) My name is Sluggo I live on the 7th floor I live upstairs from you I'm the one you try to ignore If you hear music late at night Some kind of party Some kind of life Just dont call the cops on me Girl come up stairs and talk to me She got the facial pierceing Half done sleeve work Change cashed in, reaction knee-jerk Driver control functional alcholic The barbie doll skirt  Original flirt She go chama, chama, chama Chameleon hair colors Machete pesonality, carry a pair cutter Talk a lot of shit Walk like an egyptian Loves to sleep with no favorite position Bout 5'6, nice lips Make her life hips Tough soul, she fuck slow but fight quick Eyeball daggers, walk with a swagger I know you got troubles but it don't really matter From what I gather We should verse Let's place bets to see who's gonna move first Leisurely come speak to me See life is like a song can you keep the beat It goes (Slug & Murs) Duh duh duh da duh da Duh duh duh da duh da Duh duh duh da duh da Duh duh duh da duh da Duh duh duh da duh da Duh duh duh da duh da Duh duh duh da duh da Instead I made a left The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Murs & Slug Album: Felt - A Tribute to Christina Ricci Song: Rick James Typed by: jostmatt@bluewin.ch [ Murs ] There's a party goin on, in my mind, that is But really it's my crew and these three white kids One brother, one sister, some other mister I wonder what they'd do if I walk right up and kissed her They'll probably just stare, nine dudes, one chick I ain't tryin to play it fair This supposed to be a party but it never made it there I paid five bucks just to get up in here and they wouldn't let us speak My homeboy Corey really had to take a leak Now I'm five dollars poor, about to hit the door When I thought about the kiss, put my tongue down her throat Then her brother stepped up, she grabbed him by the coat [ CHORUS ] Baby Don't try to save me People Just let me be Fucker I'm not your brother Step back Rick James, respect that [ Slug ] You rappers can't write, you writers can't rap So I'ma light this room on fire and take a nap The women like to smile, the women love to frown So I come out to play after the sun goes down Ain't got no money but I gotta lotta love The fridge is empty but the belly is stuffed Happy New Year, gonna be a good year Need to keep it steady, so I'ma put my foot here Ugly as fuck, beer gut, dandruff Too high to sit still, too drunk to stand up And if you ain't wearin handcuffs throw a hand a up Like you don't give a fuck, what [ CHORUS ] Baby Don't try to save me People Just let me be Fucker I'm not your brother Step back My life, respect that Baby Don't try to save me People Just let me be Fucker I'm not your brother Step back Rick James, respect that [ Murs ] And that's why you added two nicotine habits Murs/Slug is the group but "Felt" is the fabric Known for reekin havoc on tracks automatic We will not fall off, dagnabit Steppin to the wax plate with a 900 average Makin rappers run home, a Barry Bond habit So savage, so sick, plus the stage show rips I got the hardcore and the teenage chicks All love Slug but who loves ugly? I heard God does, shameless plug But I don't give a fuck Cause if his album does well then you'll pick this up [ Slug ] At best I'll give you credit to protest Now let it rest and take your place on the bench Put that arrogance back in that bottle When these fools gonna use some common sense? Easy to find but hard to catch Regardless I still play my part in this mess Far from the nest but home is the heart Blesseth be the S, should've known from the start I'm not tryin to be rude But I sincerely wanna fuck the taste out of your mouth Can you - wait, wait, I got sidetracked again So I'ma chill and pass it off to my friend And he says [ Murs ] Slug, I got your back cause that's what I'm here for [ Slug ] All they did was front so we snuck through the rear door [ Murs ] Bailin through the middle of it all feelin good [ Slug ] And the fellas yell what, girls screamin like they should [ Murs ] Now all the beautiful people in the house close your mouth [ Slug ] Let the ugly shout, show em what it's all about [ Murs ] So don't try to turn it out, forget the guns and the knives [ Slug ] We're gonna be alright, we're gonna be just fine And it goes [ CHORUS ] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Murs & Slug Album: Felt: A Tribute to Christina Ricci Song: Another Knight Typed by: pbwlf@yahoo.com [Murs] (2X) Could've been a princess, crown out of thorns Pretty little summer dress, fabric is torn You got my interest and when I see you I wanna free you, bring you Out of everything, trouble in your life But it's your kingdom and I'm just another knight [Slug] She fell asleep in the passenger seat So we turned up the music hit the automatic unlock Tapped the gas took the corner too fast Put her ass out and left her on that black top You know that dream you have when you're falling But you always wake up before you hit the ground Well it was like that, except her body went smack Took a minute to figure out what just went down So she stood up, she brushed herself off She hurt, but nothing felt broke She gave a little laugh because gods a comedian Always surrounded her with all these jokes She looked around, she knew where she was Walked a few blocks and hopped on a bus Went back to that street that nicknamed hell To go manifest a couple more stories to tell And I still can't figure out why she ain't figured out A better way for her to use that cute little mouth Between the Johns and the Jakes How long will it take her to clean her front lawn of these snakes? Anyone of us could've loved her Anyone of us could've been her father or her older brother Hold her, until she discovers the light Besides the one at the end of the tunnel, another knight [Murs] (2X) Could've been a princess, crown out of thorns Pretty little summer dress, fabric is torn You got my interest and when I see you I wanna free you, bring you Out of everything trouble in your life But it's your kingdom and I'm just another knight [Murs] Her name was Idola, she worked ? Small little town below the border called Novala She spoke little English but overall the music Just a simple sins became hard to distinguish So we got a private room where our conversation gloom Beyond pillow talk, told me I'm the one you rode And that soon would get to talking, of course me too Was gonna be bilingual but growin up there He didn't stand a single chance to advance So she hoped to meet a gringo That would be down to marry her He didn't have to care for her Could do anything but beat her And she keep the house clean And make sure he had comida All he had to do was make believers of La Migra Then she filed for divorce and set off on the course Then he could step back into the joy of being single I chose to interrupt, cleared my throat spoke up I wish I could help you but you see I'm not a gringo She laughed, I know you're not white But you might know somebody So she gave a website www.latinhotties.com She said I'm number 37, I could make it happen quick I already have a reverend that's prepared today Then the tears came, wiped her eyes apologized And said it wasn't pain There wasn't much time before her kid was old enough to understand Then she ? [Murs] (2X) Could've been a princess, crown out of thorns Pretty little summer dress, fabric is torn You got my interest and when I see you I wanna free you, bring you Out of everything trouble in your life But it's your kingdom and I'm just another knight The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Murs & Slug Album: Felt: A Tribute to Christina Ricci Song: All I Can Do Typed by: Superstarptzero@gmail.com [Murs] Now you can go with it or against it No matter what you choose its already been scripted Or are their voices in it, whispering choices in it They never say the same thing twice They know your name and they bring advice But which one to listen to And will it push you short or just past what your gettin to Determines what your gettin to and how you gettin to it If you go with the flow, you'll never know what your doin And your life will be ruined [Slug] The loneliness, the solitude When the voices in the wind start callin you You can follow through, you can fight the fear Or you can pack up and leave if you don't like it here I have a habit of studying the static Cause I don't understand what you stand for See something that you need, reach out and grab it While I punch my smile until my hand is sore From now on this town is deserted The kids and the clowns have all left the circus The pain and the hurt is like dice to the game So I roll 'em, and listen to them whisper my name [Chorus 2X] And when the wind blows as hard as it blows right now All I can do is put my hood up and walk And when the wind blows as hard as it blows right now All I can do is close my eyes and talk [Murs] Now it could be softcore porn, or max hardcore Could take your whole house, or just shake the back door It's sorta like God, you can't see it or touch it But when it all goes down you gon feel the wrath of it Thats how the rapture was described A freezing night in egypt when the first born died Your body was desserted until the wind was applied Would of blew the apple off the tree, if eve hadnt lied Spread seeds and disease throughout the worlds tribe Listen when it whistles if you wish to survive Name another force that can get noon high But gentle enough to push the cloud from the sky When it gets too rough then were scared to fly But we all feel the day when we have to collide But when I reap my whirlwind, I hope I'm asleep with my girlfriend And feel no pain as my world then ends [Chorus 2X] [Slug] I don't wanna know, leave me in the dark If I can't hold it then I can't tear it apart And it seems if, everything I touch comes to pieces I toast to another head rush for when hell freezes Increase the dosage, take me there Make me numb, I don't wanna care Turn your back, move towards the sunset Forget about the past, the drama, the unrest I resent what inspires me The struggle between apathy and irony Tryna see, and its driving me to that place Where every face gets erased You don't exist, its just me and this fist That I use to beat and abuse my grin If I was a little bit more intelligent I would protect my skin from this wind [Chorus 'til fade] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Atmosphere Album: Seven's Travels Song: History Typed by: kilianwrestling@hotmail.com [NWA airline attendant] Welcome aboard ladies and gentlemen This is Northwest Airlines flight 7-7-7-7 (echo) [Old vinyl sample] Real love It's the real love It's the real love [Slug] What is history when it's being made? C'mon help me make it, you come here help me make it What is history when it's being made? Girl help me make it, come here help me make it What is history when it's being made? Brother come here help me make it What is history when it's being made? Everybody, let's make it Since 1972-72-72 (echo) [NWA airline attendant (intermittently inaudible)] Please take a moment to locate the exit nearest to you Using(?) in line, cause they may be behind you With our cabin unpressurized at a high altitude(?) during flight We should be arriving safely (?) in dropdown compartment above your seat Neatly pull the mask firmly toward you Start to suck oxygen (?) with the mask over your nose and mouth turn you on your locking strap over your head over your head - over your head (echo) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Atmosphere Album: Seven's Travels Song: Trying to Find a Balance Typed by: kilianwrestling@hotmail.com [Slug] They love the taste of blood Now I don't know what that means, but I know that I mean it Maybe they're as evil as they seem Or maybe I only look out the window when it's scenic "Atmosphere finally made a good record." Yeah right, that shit almost sounds convincing The last time I felt as sick and contradictive as this Was the last time we played a show in Cinnci' "Get real." they tell me If only they knew how real this life really gets They would stop acting like a silly bitch They would respect the cock whether or not they believed in it Doesn't take much and that's messed up Because these people do a lot of simple shit to impress us While everyone was trying to out-do the last man I was just a ghost trying to catch some Ms. Pac-man Hello ma'am, would you be interested In some sexual positions and emotional investments See, I'm not insane, in fact I'm kind of rational When I be askin', "Yo, where did all the passion go?" East coast, West coast, down South, Midwest Nowadays everybody knows how to get fresh Somebody give me a big yes (YES!) God Bless America, but she stole the B from "Bless" (And kept it!) Now I'm too fucked up to dance So I'ma sit with my hand down the front of my pants You can't achieve your goals if you don't take that chance So go pry open that trunk and get those amps (You know!) [Chorus x2] In the days of Kings and Queens I was a jester Treat me like a God, oh they treat me like a leper You see me move back and forth between both I'm trying to find a balance I'm trying to build a balance [Slug] So now I keep a close eye on my pets Because they make most of they moves off of instinct and sense It's eat, sleep, fuck in self defense So straight you can set your clocks and place bets Wait, let's prey on blind, deaf, dumb, dead Hustle, maybe a couple will love what you said Emcees drag their feet across a big naked land With an empty bag of seed and a fake shake of hands Yeah I got some last words, FUCK ALL OF YA'LL! Stop writin' raps and go play volleyball Gotta journey the world in a hurry Cause my attorney didn't put enough girls on the jury Guilty of droppin' these bombs in the city But I'm innocent, love is the motive that's why you're killin 'em Guilty of settin' my fire in all fifty But I'm innocent, blame it on my equilibrium [Chorus x2] In the days of Kings and Queens I was a jester Treat me like a God, oh they treat me like a leper You see me move back and forth between both I'm trying to find a balance I'm trying to build a balance I gotta find my balance I gotta find my balance [Slug] Now all my friends are famous It's either one thing or another They all don't know what my name is Probably know both of my brothers The one is a hard workin' savior The other's a hard workin' soldier I'm just your next door neighbor Workin' hard at tryin' to stay sober You wait for the car at the corner Pretend like you know what the plot is Won't quit till I hit California And make you my Golden State goddess The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Atmosphere Album: Seven's Travels Song: Bird Sings Why the Caged I Know Typed by: djjam@tnacrew.com * * send corrections to the typist It's the bird, it must have been the bird Disgusting critter, it must We should have known better then to trust This disease infested ball of lust and carnage Piece of garbage with wings and she has the guts to sing Get the bird, catch her shoot her, I dont care Get the bird, bring her down to the ground from out the air Gotta tear her apart, let me at her first Sink her to the level of the rest of us that inherit the earth What's she thinking? does she really believe That shes above the creatures that work the dirt and the streets See her up in the tree, looking down at you and me Like she's chosen over those who walk around on two feet The bird, the melodys she play The music she make, rubbing our faces in the feces of the daybreak Trying to remind us, its time to awake Antaganizing and instigating my hate The chirps, I turn them into screams My feathered friends end will justity the means Disturbed, I'll grab her by her beak And swing her in circles untill she's too dizzy to speak Well I'll shake her from her branch, tear apart her nest Break her skinny legs and fry her eggs up for breakfast (she's a snake that can fly) she's just food for the fleas She thinks she's better then me just because she's free? I'll shake her from her branch, tear apart her nest Break her skinny legs and fry her eggs up for breakfast (she's a snake that can fly) she's just food for the fleas She thinks she's better then me just because she's free? My beautiful bird has gone away (x12) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Atmosphere Album: Se7en's Travels Song: Reflection Typed by: the_project_remix@hotmail.com [Chorus: repeat 2X] Look at your face When all I could see was myself looking back at me Reflection And all I could do was think about sleeping next to you [Slug] What would it take to make a women like you You a wolf like me for what I really might be Listening to the lyrics only heres what I allow You gotta try and make me testify for here and right now Lets have a confrontation over a cold one I'll give you conversation just to see if you can hold em I play so dumb Because I know some of these star struck small talk art fucks is no fun I'm the blood type that goes straight for the guns Like before you even spoke already knew what your loves like So what you thinking? Because I'm thinking we should jump into your ocean Let's go girl this ship is sinking [Chorus: repeat 2X] Look at your face When all I could see was myself looking back at me Reflection And all I could do was think about sleeping next to you [Slug] Now there's no reason to lie, I've had a lot of lovers In my reality its impossible to avoid it But theres one reason for life gotta provide some supper Gonna build a family just to watch some one destroy it Do you really think you really wana get to know me better Don't you see the drama Don't you feel the pressure Don't get me wrong it would be my pleasure To sing a song that could remove your shoes and your sweater Bartender let me get a shot of bean Cause this girl over here is trying to get me out my jeans And she doesn't seem to believe i'm just another thief Came to take a piece and make you stutter when you breath Now girl you to smart to be a tour mark Set to play correct from the start with your pure heart And when your all alone ill sing into your phone If you don't know the words you can make up your own The first time she met the devil was at first avenue Went back stage with him into the dressing room Sexy ego trip Taller than expected About six foot three Seemed to thrive on his misery Critical observant big words Sweaty hair sunken eyes and thick nerves She said ill make em smile for the simple fact that he needs it I'll make him smile just so I can kill it an eat it You look like you were built for me You talk like you want to steal my drink You kiss like you already came And that's a Lifter Puller line for those without any game It's like damn baby You know you can't save me But you should still tell your people that your leaving with the band Maybe you can show me your hustle Neither one of us would be so lonely If only you would come over here and hold me I caught you trying to hide your smile behind your glass But all of your secrets become a swing set when you laugh And all of your regrets that you're carrying a burying Don't mean a damn thing if there's nobody to share them with We've been following each other all night now We ought to be all over each other like right now I don't like crowds lets take flight now Cause that face that you make Reminds me of my life now [Chorus: repeat 6X] Look at your face When all I could see was myself looking back at me Reflection And all I could do was think about sleeping next to you "Only trying to find myself inside of you" The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Atmosphere Album: Seven's Travels Song: Gotta Lotta Walls Typed by: one_poetsword@yahoo.com [Slug] Dialed up his homie Murs on the telephone Gotta talk to somebody who can tell him what the hell is wrong Brain freezing up, he don't know what to do But the people that know him know that it ain't nothing new Catch five rings, then an answering machine Hang up on the beep, stare up towards the ceiling Stood up to remember that he slept fully-dressed So he grabbed his keys and put a hat on his rat's nest Stepped up to that big outside Somebody once said "Today's a good day to die." But he never really was a big fan of their work So he starts up the walk by kicking sand in the dirt A friend to the strangers, a stranger to friends He'll take a coffee and a pack of cigarettes when you have a minute Handle it. Paid up. The change, you can keep it He's a sucker for the morning smile and summer cleavage If you knew him better he'd ask for some time Cuz he's looking for a reservoire to empty his mind And there's only so much he can put in a song Gotta talk to somebody who can tell him what the hell is wrong [Hook - repeat 2X] And this house has gotta lotta walls But only very few mean anything to you And this house has gotta lotta walls But only very few mean anything to you [Slug] No shop value to titilate Far from shallow, so get it straight Blacktop, sidewalk,and the street Cuz life is priceless and talk is cheap And as he sits (as he sits) in his four-cornered room Following a tune, born to consume Carefully learning and analyzing the lyrics you use Finally realizing that humility is a bruise Scared love don't make none If these walls could speak, they would peep about the fake ones Watching this man, falling off of his plan- Underachievin' just so he can understand [reversed speech translation] "What's up baby how you doing? I hate the sound of my own voice  and I've been invited here to distract myself from the fact  that I wrote all of this garbage" [Hook] [Slug] So, who did your tattoos? That's nice And who built your taboos? That's life If he had a glass pipe, he would smash it and use it to slash his wrists But someone already beat him to it He would fingerpaint you a picture with his blood A self-portrait, dramatic and morbid But the odds of you finding any appreciation are too slim- Keeps his outlook grim Tap his foot to the rhythm of original sin Throw his balls to the wind trying to know down these pins He'll keep swinging from the hair above his chin Till he finds his soul in the fifty cent bin The price of the payphone escalates Fake smile when he takes home one of his dates He could write another hate-poem for you to break Or maybe stay calm and wait for that big earthquake Still surrounded by the fire and the water Still trying to honor this empire's daughter Still answering questions you're afraid to ask Still believing that God's gonna save his ass (Hook) [Slug] If you knew him better he'd ask for some time Cuz he's looking for a reservoire to empty his mind And there's only so much he can put in a song Gotta talk to somebody who can tell him what the hell is wrong The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Atmosphere Album: Seven's Travels Song: The Keys to Life VS 15 Minutes of Fame Typed by: Mossimojr13@ameritech.net * *send corrections to typist* [Pilot over PA] "Folks I know you're all dying to know how long-- I cannot answer that now. We're gonna have to remain as technicians come over and take a look at it and uh once that's done, then we'll give you an estimate I'd say it's probably at least uh 15 minutes or so." [Verse 1] It's like all of Franklin Avenue now sleeps upon my chest--my chest I've used cigarette butts and loose leaves to build my nest--build my nest Did I mention I appreciate the way you treat your guests?--guess not But I'm not really convinced when you say that you're impressed--hell no The line between MC and comedian gets a little thinner--little thinner Now it's nothing but ruffage for lunch and punchlines for dinner--feed me I've tried to open the blinds to let in some sunshine Wound the watch 'til it broke all in hopes of stopping the time The key broke off in the ignition humping if I wandered off through my thoughts wishing Hoping this could be for you but it is for me patiently I stay busy, I wait, I see (X2) It's the sure shot (X6) [Verse 2] See it's simple--simple, it's not that I want to make it ripple--ripple But I feel I'm only being civil--civil When I sit back and giggle like the rest it's the ritalin-a-fest! I'm stressed--stressed, but most of 'em would never guess--never guess That I'm closing in upon the dredge Why? Cause I think it'd be best for the who? To hide the mess from who? It's all true--it's all true not good but I know it'll do--it'll do Still trying to reach the kid in you So I may continue to find why this childproof's so wild I smile--smile, tired, I walked a thousand miles--miles wired over the thoughts I've dialed--dialed Inspired by the monsters, the files of life full of stars and stripes (Chorus End) If you wanna sleep with me and talk about existance We'll need more than 15 minutes I'll tell you what let's forget about the fame Push pause on the game and get to know each other by our real names If you wanna sleep with me and talk about existance We'll need more than 15 minutes I'll tell you what let's forget about the fame Push pause on the game and get to know each other by our first names If you wanna sit with me and talk about existance We'll need more than 15 minutes I'll tell you what let's forget about the fame Push pause on the game...What the fuck's your name? The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Atmosphere Album: Seven's Travels Song: Apple Typed by: kilianwrestling@hotmail.com * * send corrections to the typist [Slug] Hi, my name is Sean Daley and you might know me from such films as  "I Can't Sing, But Neither Can You." Haha yea, heheheh what are you lookin' at? Don't look at me, don't even talk to me Oh you rap too? Heheh I should've known I ca, I can tell. Nah, it's in your eyes Just cause you're an emcee doesn't mean that you get to be an asshole (asshole) Just cause you're a man, doesn't mean you get to act like a bitch (like a bitch) Won't you stand over here do a favor use your head to hold this apple (apple) And on my twenty pace take, aimin' shots, swear to God I won't miss (I won't miss) See I've been around the world without moving and I've met a lot of people (people) And they all play the same little games the only change is the date (is the date) It's all fame and respect a little money won't you help me build my ego? (ego) Without taking any time to think about how it might affect fate (checkmate) You see we've come a long way just to find that there ain't no place to lay down (break down) And we waited all night for the light, but the dawn never broke (never broke) And if we let the song play we can lead all the children to the lake now (take down) Because it seems as if most would rather choose to sit back and let 'em choke (don't choke, don't choke) Just cause you're an emcee doesn't mean that you get to be an asshole (asshole) Just cause you're a man, doesn't mean you get to act like a bitch (you bitch) If you stand over here do a favor use your head to hold this apple (apple) And on my twenty pace take, aimin' shots, swear to God I won't miss (I don't miss) I ain't gonna say no names.. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Atmosphere Album: Seven's Travels Song: Suicide Girls Typed by: kilianwrestling@hotmail.com * * send corrections to the typist [Voice messages from upset girlfriends] Hey you fucking asshole Hi Sean, I just got finished cleaning some vomit out of my car Sean, I'm so fucking pissed at you I could rip your goddamn arms off and.. Anyways, I don't care, I don't wanna fucking talk to you I don't wanna talk to you anymore I don't know what your deal's been lately, but I fucked you like 15 times And you just take and take and you just fuck everyone over in the end anyways Okay and number 2, being fucked up is not an excuse to piss in the goddamn fish tank I'm sick of your bullshit. I'm sick of you acting like you can just fuckin.. Leave a trail of destruction and shit everytime I'm around you and I'm fucking tired of it It's just not cool, my roommates told me what the fuck you did after you got stupid drunk as usual I don't ever want you in my fucking house in my fucking car, anywhere near me It's fucking over, I don't want to talk to you anymore I don't want to think about you anymore, I don't ever want to see you again Even if you don't care, you can never ever come into my house again Fuck me? Fuck you. Rot in fucking hell Fuck you, go fuck yourself You should care, if you give a fuck at all (?) you'll call me Hear me out, don't come fucking crying to me when your world falls apart and you have nowhere to turn, alright? Have a good day ...Already? Already? Already? What'd you call 'em? [Slug] I can't imagine some of the things that you've seen City to city with no spot to sleep I know she will run with opposable thumbs She's trying to overcome all of the maniacs(?) Coast to coast, who knows the most? Age before beauty, sleep before scrutiny Who could it be now, here she comes With an eve(?) of her tongue and the games that she runs Little girl dolls(?) never get lost, pay the cost, embrace the flaws Let her get tossed in the back of a mid-size Trying to look at life through those kid's eyes "Jackpot", that's in quotes Sometimes you gotta let go if you wanna get votes But fuck the votes, I spin towards the clouds A bullet in your head sits still allowed I used to pretend that I gave a fuck Now a do give a fuck, a little too much Let's see what you got Naomi Back view from Missouri, show me little homey The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Atmosphere Album: Seven's Travels Song: Jason Typed by: newos_crib_is@hotmail.com [Jason] Yo Slug, it's your first man Hey, haha, dude it's raining outside And umm, I'm waiting on you motherfucker again Nobody's answering their phone And ah, I'm waiting van packed up Ready to roll, we're checked out of the hotel All I need is rappers and DJs to get in the fucking van So please man, hurry the fuck up Cats Van Bags! Yo Cali The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Atmosphere f/ Brother Ali Album: Seven's Travels Song: Cats Van Bags Typed by: phrozen_emcee@homtail.com * * send corrections to the typist (Intro) I can't scratch, cause I'm drunk I got bad teeth and my gums are bleeding Come and fucking get me, motherfucker Yeah, break, start the song now, fucker (Verse 1) [Slug] We travelin the missle, weavin' through your cornfields Leavin behind a trail of amature porn and orange peels Navagatin through this basement, the mascarades As our nation, practicin' my acid take, masturbation Watchin the expressions on the faces Of the ones designated to be the queens, kings, and (??) How many miles can you put on one soul Before the smile starts to blend into one big bullet hole [Brother Ali] Shoot through it as a union, with the best of my crew Bumpin melodys and memories too, my heads killin me, ohh Stomach empty, my bladdar is full (????) on Jay Birds phone Cryin, ya missin me And I'm stallin', I'll bite ya arm off Sabertooth Tiger, run the night with the sharp claws In ya backyard just to fuck with ya guard dog Throw a brick through your shit and cut the alarm off Bitch [Slug] Fuck yes, I do my best to take advantage in bouts With one hand over the mouth, still managin' to shout Theres more said, then in the lines in your forehead Then could ever try to find print on the inside of that warhead Cross counrty, like a little lost junky Make them hot and jumpy, trying to get that God money Stearin the van through the blizzards, the fanfare Pivit when we visit, spit victim if you stand there [Brother Ali] Take a map of this picture, throw a dart at it, thats where We took a room back full the kids and threw a heart at it Angry like a hostage, Kickin like a little bitch in one of Dibs's mosh pits Shifitin through your city limits tryin to find the raw shit Thread and needle wit it, and weave a world of hate together, till we get 'em car sick Face full of war paint, strapped ready for action Battle cracks headin, trying to seek the satisfaction of the captain [Slug] Climbed over the side, closed his eyes Took a dive into his fame, inspiration for stayin alive Swam to the shore, stepped upon land Walked up to a whore, grabbed her by the hand And said (Chorus) [Slug & Brother Ali] Let the wheels spin, let the road shake Let the speakers blow Let the line in, let the kids play Let the people know Let the roof burn, let the girls love Let the heat flow Let the world turn, let the curtains up Cats Van Bags, Yo (Verse 2) [Brother Ali] Lock eyes, with a thousand people at the same time They minds, believin this, my style (???) Squeezin this, the mid west, sweat out of my shirt And leavin with my life essence embedded in ya dirt [Slug] We work, move, and hustle with the rest of the Gypsies Spoon feed these issues to a new school of Fishies Swimmin through a hazy shade of passion Here they come, the Hazleton has-been, and his chaplin [Brother Ali] Thats them, the migrants, seasonal workers The finest imperial wordsmiths on the circuit Two Million smiles and runnin, stompin', trying to flee the heat Turn around, shootin at the monster till his knees are weak [Slug] They call me Jesus Freak, I came to listen Then I save you, then I make you, my favorite position Chasin' this pidgeon down the street towards the banks Just in case, my traffic recieves jeeps and tanks (Bridge) [Slug] And we wonder through the snow(?), so let it be known Mama I dont know if I'ma ever be home The revolution wont have any distribution I love my son and my music so I gotta keep it movin' Like (Chorus) [Slug & Brother Ali] Let the wheels spin, let the road shake Let the speakers blow Let the line in, let the kids play Let the people know Let the roof burn, let the girls love Let the heat flow Let the world turn, let the curtains up Cats Van Bags, Yo The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Atmosphere Album: Seven's Travels Song: Los Angeles Typed by: providenine@hotmail.com [Flight Announcement] "Flight 101, Super Jet service for Pittsburgh and Los Angeles will depart from Gate 12. Passengers may proceed into the gate area for checking... (faded out echoing)" [Slug] (Oh yeah) Los Angeles, hot and bothered Helicopters watch their daughters play parking lot soccer A whole lot of love from the target's hide Got a soul looking for a magic carpet ride Environment, perfect for a hustle Many people are distracted by the puzzle And while they're not lookin', the angel got tooken Welcome to the gray space between fingerprinting and booking Do your best 'cause the lesson is love It's enough to keep your head up, another day to get up Wake up, and let the sun shine through the smog Free the dialogue 'til everyone believes in God L.A., to some it's hell, to some it's play Pay the cover charge and watch what you say The Barbie doll's caught, body parts come off And I think she's a he...STOP, look at how it walks They got the weirdoes, the talent, the beautiful An arm and a leg for a one-story cubicle And if the heat don't beat you, the pigs will Everyone's relaxed, but no one can sit still Los Angeles... I love it, I love it... (Lips Glisten... believe 'em.) "Ooh California highway... California my way." The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Atmosphere Album: Se7en's Travels Song: Lift Her Pull Her Typed by: princepaul@hawaii.rr.com you don't know me you just left me you don't know me you just left me you don't know me you just left me you don't know me you just left me And he was a man Or so he thought Paid attention to the lessons that he taught Second hand me down blessing She was short on patience Carried person hated every day people The plight of the pessimist Habitual living daily schedule consisted of work Television and sexual moments But some times it gets so hope less When non-sense raises an oct of thought blocks With a firm grasp on the grudge they both clutched in the name of love Fear of the results had push ever came to shove Seduced for fun Produce a a lot of fight Two youths on the run Learning some truth about life And when he stares at the stars he reflects on the moon The time the talks they share walking around calhoon And when she watches the look on his face as he sleeps She recalls every inch as to how it got this deep Now how am I to know you like the way I laugh I can't read the map, no ones ever seen the path? The one you take a bath with is the same on the freeze your path Oh you going out? what time you goin be back? Cause they were two perfect kids In a two perfect worlds Today the part of man and women will be played by boy and girl Lets all take seats Please quiet during the performance Lift her pull her from the orchids Trying to read the script but keep getting trapped in the margins Lift them pull them from the gardens Your horoscope says we should share an apartment Lift them pull them apart from their gardens Now she was smart She grew up with this complex That the people that surrounded her seemed to expect the world And he was tall over six no attempt to predict the fall Though he'd seen it all Until his all became that girl She said she loves the drugs But when she comes down She speaks about finishing She's convinced its the last visit He doesn't know the difference between come and go Just give him one to grow and watch him collapse inside of a half pivot She died her hair black Maybe now she can relax Maybe now the regulars will stare half as hard He wears a old face and beer gut Existence validation printed on the monthly statements That comes from master card He thinks she sleeps to much She thinks he spends to much He thinks her friends are jokes She thinks he's out of touch He thinks she drinks to much She think he thinks to much Its all another phase turning the page in the book of growing up She's has seen a lot of sex He tried to hide his resentment But their wasn't nothing thing left for them to label new But sometimes the obvious ain't simple to see Cause even the time that they killed Wasn't something that she wasnt accustomed too She never comprehended what to make of it He was never quite prepared to study the reaching Together they shared the sacred practices of breathing The weather was fair how ever the hovering clouds weren't leaving Discover the little drama demons that hide deep inside the frame work and live in That congested brain They had old lovers on the side old flames That some how managed to spark regardless of the pouring rains And each time they mixed up the ingredients They'd recheck the recipe to see maybe they written it incorrectly Collect me consume me release me snuggle Two geniuses putting together the pieces to a blank puzzle Every time I chase a squirrel it rips apart my world Every time I chase a squirrel it rips apart my world Every time I chase a squirrel it rips apart my world And every time I chase a squirrel it rips apart my world The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Atmosphere Album: Se7en's Travels Song: Shoes Typed by: ZachZutler@hotmail.com (Slug) Would you prefer if I remove... MY... UHH? Nah they.. they clean.. I mean.. what? You wanna look at the bottom of...? My shoes are clean girl, how about yours? Here we are sitting on your living room floor Listening to some records from your collection Boredom; in between a coma and an erection Staring at the skin on your shoulder blades And you don't take your eyes off my poker face I'm wasted, and your as sober as Jehovah Knocking door to door, trying to walk to road That the Mormon's paved If she was here on your sofa with a beer on a coaster She'd of told 'ya that my game was way over played Make no mistake I love the way you taste like yogurt and some clover cigarettes Girl show me leg! So I'ma gonna trade these shoes for rollerskates And I'ma stay happy just as long as there is a whore to pay But some of us already spent the rent So we can't be content until there isn't no more today [Chorus: repeat 2X] Those are your shoes These are my shoes We've got issues My shoes are muddy girl, how about yours? Here we are loungin' on your bedroom floor I'm really drunk so I'm looking at your carpet like Man, fuck the permit, I know where I'ma park tonight It's closing time, the spins are gonna visit me They're rolling thick like they know they taking victory But not tonight, right, I'ma make some history Get up in your system and direct it like a symphony Let me get to be the man of your mystery 'Cause them meddeling kids don't understand your sensitivity Show some sympathy Let me kiss your feet Let's talk about a pretty bird and a busy bee If I live to see fifty, I'ma be a tipsy, dirty old man Still following my kid beliefs I know it isn't really your responsibility So we'll be strait once I take a hit of Listerine I can't find my shoes girl, how about yours? Here I am naked on your bathroom floor I got faded, and you fell asleep And I'm thanking God that this date was hella cheap Sitting down, trying to keep the liquor down Light, stars and sounds everything flickers now Sick bound, the whole room twists around In front of the toilet assume the position to drown Here it comes! Whiskey out bounces all over the floor Now I'm sitting in the bitches mound I'm just a clown and I'm sorry I found it funny When you tripped over my shoes and hit the ground Didn't know you would rip your gown Didn't think you would shout and get so loud, get so wound Yeah I'm drunk, but I'm more than a little proud I'm leaving, fuck the shoes you keep them, I'm getting out Perfection {*repeat 4X*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Atmosphere Album: Seven's Travels Song: National Disgrace Typed by: providenine@hotmail.com [Slug] (I pledge allegiance to Budweiser and free drugs) Peace to Rick James, Anna Nicole Smith, Bill Clinton and Motley Crue And anyone else who has ever utilized their 15 minutes of fame to realize their true dreams of being an absolute jerk off, just to keep the masses entertained This goes out to learning from the mistakes of others Bring it on now Come on I said come on I said come on [Verse 1] They call me a jerk, once they get to know me But they don't stop calling, they read me well It's no work if I was phony, I'd win a trophy Who needs to make records when there's seeds to sell Freak the bell, and make it all spin crooked God please help, too much grim to look at Grab the tree by the limb and shook it Like, "Have you seen my self esteem, where the hell'd you put it?" Oh wait, never mind, I found it in a bottle Drunk at the Troubadour talking to a model Wrecked the rental on Santa Monica Boulevard I was headed to the El Rey to slap a security guard Rowdy, stubborn, loud and arrogant As American as apple pie and embarrassment Package the kid's face, put it on display Look ma!, another national disgrace Dumb and ignorant, drunk and belligerent Open up your heart y'all, come on and let me in Package the kid's face, put it on display Look ma!, another national disgrace [Verse 2] The liquor gets hold of the head liver's soul Blurry on Sixth Street and Red River Road Last thing I remember was the Ogden Theatre Backstage bathroom making out with all three of ya Kicked out of Topcats... for where I put the vomit at Finally passed out in a laundry mat Malnourished and topless, slurring and obnoxious Like, "Yo, we got this!" The Zodiac Killers 'bout to rock this At the Great American Music Hall, pissin on the box office Pick apart the detail, alcohol and females All around the world same song Houseton and Ludlow, Maxfish, Vampire You poor the beer and I'll bring the satire No prob, I'll play the part of doorknob and make it look so good you're gonna wish that it was your job [Verse 3] It's all about the hangovers, and late checkouts Maid banging on the door like, "Wake up! Get Out!" But Come on mami, y'all probably don't want me comin' out like a Zombie brushing teeth in the lobby This is a career, not a hobby Ain't no reason to fear what you wanna see Hey paparazzi, don't you wanna watch me quote the Fonzi and then crash his Mazaradi? Sweat pants, t-shirt, mesh hat, blue blockers Feeding checked in to a room full of teenie boppers Howdy neighbor, take a shot for flavor Let's debate whether or not we should punch the waiter I'm just kidding, let's love each other It goes lick, swallow, suck, and order another Do what you like, don't nobody care It's a sign of success only in America (Chorus End): [4x] I didn't cooome to start no trouble or hurt no one I'm just heeere to get drunk, party, and have some fun The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Atmosphere Album: 7th Travels Song: Denvemolorado Typed by: geoff_frink2002@yahoo.com * * send corrections to the typist (Good evening ladies and gentlemen  let me get a warm welcome from... more importantly Denver) (Nothing I say, nothing I say, my mistake to you) Here I am alone in an airport bar Why, just cause I don't own a car Its valentines day, I'm returning home from Berkley Aint a damn thing that y'all can do to hurt me Unsober, laid over in Denver The waitress could smell it the minute I entered There's seven shells losing their souls in here Sporadically placed amongst scotch and beer But there's one woman in the back left corner Who looks like she could really use the support If I could only muster the strength to be a friend Who knows how this adventure could end Bend me up, slip me the tongue, shoot me down Cut me loose, bury me, and piss on the ground Felt the water, but sober it's over y'all  Don't know if I can get down for too much longer Everywhere I go I find at least one And I bet it won't die till the travel is done For as long as I learn my heart hope to god Up to the side of my head ride and die for the young (Nothing I say, nothing I say, my mistake to you) (Refrain) It's the sound of emotion enough To make me wanna hang myself from the rafter that's over my bed But when I stop to climb the ladder that's embedded in my heart I start to question all the emotion in my head Repeat till end (Nothing I say, nothing I say, my mistake to you) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Atmosphere Album: Seven's Travels Song: Liquor Lyles Cool July Typed by: kilianwrestling@hotmail.com "Keep movin' your body in my direction" "Let's continue our party everybody by just clapping our hands." [Slug] Colossal, large, big as it gets, massive I'd kill you all if I wasn't so passive Instead I creep off to a booth and hold it solo To study these people, you fuckin' filth Walkin on my fifth, or maybe my sixth Where every women represents the meaning of existence I've no choice but to notice the one that consistently keeps me enlisted Keeps me aware, she has no idea where my head sits And if she did how do think she'd react, maybe double up and laugh? Maybe catch some relief, place wagers on the theories, keep your eye on my trap Emotions speak through me in the form of gratuity Is this enough? Is there an underlying message? Of course - every act deserves a/in response It's my place to watch the one she takes, try to guess it If I could only prove what I really feel Maybe Just, would thrust her into my zone Let's go, like *thump* time to pay the bill Again the waitress and I both drive home alone, where you goin'? The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Atmosphere Album: Se7en's Travels Song: Good Times Typed by: ORBErawkz@yahoo.com This next one goes out To all the depressed women in the house Whether you're taking the prozac the zanac or the paxil Whatever the hell they put into that capsule I want y'all to come up to the front of the stage Grab me A shot of something along the way Put A smile on the front of your head Got A thing for the women that dont love themself So either loosen up your hair or tighten up your belt This time, this time is A good time Good times Got A thing for the women that dont love themself So either loosen up your hair or tighten up your belt And this town, this town, is A good town A good time. A good time You know while she's sitting by the window, she's waiting for her prince to come And here I am on the opposite side of the room trying to pretend that I'm not that dumb It goes older told and full of cold, but did I mention that it's well deserved No let's make A mess, no let's make A baby, no let's make some hell on earth Do you mind if I turn out the lights, if I'm going to be alone I'd rather do it in the dark So I stare at half of A beer half wishing that the transmission would stay in par She keeps the music down, so her neighbors don't complain Keeps the drama up, so she doesn't forget the pain I keep my ? inside the reaction And hide my pride inside of my laughter It goes And I'll never forget the day you woke up To find A whole different world underneath your socks Forgot to check your pockets before you the checked the cost Yes man, I saw the sign, no man I couldn't stop Drop off, now look who got water on the lawn Whatever it takes to calm your tongue If this livingroom fills with anymore fuss I'm going to cut my finger, I'm going to paint these walls If anybody watched us They probably called the cops, cause Its obvious that neither one of us can adjust Discussion becomes disgust ? the lady I thought she would save me from the bumrush Enough is enough, but how much is too much Why am I still just A sheep to your touch Why can't I ever fall asleep at dusk Why do I need to see everything crushed It's A big map girl, it's yours if you asked If it dont wash up to the shore you wont discover it Stand to get hotter then your head with that other shit Swallow it to chase to follow the suffering But I'm still smiling, still up to no great Still trying to relocate Somewhere I'm going to find some work that matters Til then all you get is my smirk and my laughter It goes The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Atmosphere Album: Seven's Travels Song: In My Continental Typed by: jostmatt@bluewin.ch [ CHORUS ] In my Continental Splinter off the mental When you want the best show Never accept anything less Elements of purpose True love from the first kiss Spread it on the surface Sit back and watch the progress [ VERSE 1: Slug ] T-t-t-t-t-t-teacher, teacher, how can I learn patience? Planted in the middle and outside of your nation Take the care to build a familiar foundation Speak to the youth that keep the truth sacred Free the, free the good inside your heart Your neighborhood, it needs you to travel with your art From New York to Cali, some day they'll all know Cincinnati, Milwaukee, Chicago Now I've come a long way from the younger days When I used to look up curse words in my dictionary If life's a game, gotta choose a side to play If I gotta pick a position I'ma pick missionary I've had a little bit too much to think tonight But it's cool, I be alright, just make sure that I keep travellin Your reactions only reinforce the previous thoughts You'd feel the distance even if the bridge was collapsin Well, kudos and props and every hollow desire That you could conjure in an instant that it takes to breathe I got my Duplos and blocks and Lincoln Logs for when it's time to build I wait patiently for them to catch up to speed (And I'll be) [ CHORUS ] [ VERSE 2: Slug ] T-t-t-t-t-t-t-teacher, teacher, show me what you know now Load up your van with musicians and go south Visit Atlanta, Memphis, Tulsa, Texas Plug in the decks, check the mics, fight the wreckage Keep the, keep the motive in your movement Let em know where you come from and show them how you do it Children are the focus, give em one to grow with Learn em how to take they minutes, turn em into moments See, nowadays cats think they on some next And they sacrifice they voice just to go over heads If I felt as if I had somethin special to tell Why would I work against myself and hide it under my belt? I used to try to lace the phrases with magic tricks Every paragraph needed translation attached to it They saw the style, respected the craft But all I did was confuse em, would try to get em to laugh Painted pictures in the primer, no one got the pulp Found the humor, the anger and the insult Why should I waste any oxygen Tryin to find the in-between-the-lines that they get lost within? I'm out there for the craft, for the cause The laughter, the applause, the passion for the flaws The fact that I'ma draw some heads to what I'm feelin Lift em all up until they try to touch the ceiling Come on and reach the, reach the masses won by singular They hold you and they smile when they feel what you can bring to the Culture and sow it, cultivate the flow with Breath control and he kept it whole, be- cause piece by piece the picture turns to puzzle If you lose a few those that remain change into rubble Freedom is a word not heard from those that own it Can't fix the machine if you don't have the components (And I'll be) [ CHORUS ] Cause we're not from this planet We come from somewhere else And you can't understand it Cause you don't know yourself But when the time is right Our path will be unveiled Till then you seek your light While I sit and bite my nails The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Atmosphere Album: Se7en Travels Song: Always Coming Back Home to You Typed by: Hodigerhoden@hotmail.com * * send corrections to the typist To all my killers and my hundred dollar billers To emo kids that got too many feelings He held the register open while he counted her change I was next in line which meant I was invisible From where I stood I could see that the till was full He didn't look the type to play superhero So I stepped forth and paid for my cigarettes Crept out the stores front door to chase a little breath Fangles in my head, shake the song off Another manic Monday night, its gonna be a long walk A car pulled up, a fixed up cutlass A woman and a child climbed out and left it running They went inside of the deli, placed an order With the extra dollar fifty bottled water cuz the daughters picky When they came out mommy gave me a glance That said man can love an angel but he's got to take the chance Already knew the deal, I lit one up and walk So they got back in the oldsmobile, belted up, and took off Thug love on the corner by the walgreens Lookin at me like I'm just another square saltine As I get closer I notice that they showin each other sketches Out of their notebooks, reminded me of my old roots I walk pass with a nod and a reminisce Swear to god hip hop and comic books was my genesis Respect the life and the fashions of the children It's the only culture I've got, exactly what we've been buildin All of a sudden I'm in front of some man No he's a youngin but he's got a gun in his hand He looks fifteen, he looks frantic, no he looks afraid Immediately apprehensive til I heard him say Do you want this It's not mine I promise I found it on my block in between a couple garages Didn't wanna leave it for a child to stumble over I don't even know how to hold it. It was a thirty eight, the poor mans machete Held it in my hand, thinking damn man it's heavier then expected, wedged it behind my belt buckle knowin that its evil, even thought that I could smell trouble the extra strength felt weak, but over there on the corner saw what I needed and proceeded to cross the street put the heat in the mail box to loose it figured that the post office knows whats best to do with it Mosey down the road thinkin' bout the old I use to roam this zone with two feet of snow Right here, this use to be a record shop I've gotten love, I've gotten drunk, I've gotten beat up in that parking lot I've had my lake street pride for three decades These alleyways, and these streetlights have seen my best days Before I was a germ learnin how to misbehave, All the way to the grave, south side is my resting place Took a right on Lindale I'm getting near But then the road became empty and the people disappear'd The clowds ran away, opened up the sky And one by one I watched every constellation die And there I was frozen, standin in my backyard Face to face, eye to eye, starin at the last star I should've known, walked all the way home To find that she wasn't here, I'm still all alone No matter where I am, no matter what I do I'm always coming back home to you They can leave me for dead they can take away my true I'm always coming back home to you Through the lies and the sins that ride the wind that blew I'm always coming back home to you As sure as the life in the garden that you grew I'm always coming back home to you No matter where I am, no matter what I do I'm always coming back home to you If only I had known what you already knew I'm always coming back home to you From the heaven I've had to the hell I been through I'm always coming back home to you I'm always coming back home to you The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Atmosphere Album: Seven's Travels Song: Shhh (Hidden Song) Typed by: MLieberman27@hotmail.com Such a pleasure to come home Cuz I...I have a very special love for this city Well all right, well okay (x3) Well all right(x3) I wanted to make a song about where I'm from You know? Big up my home town, my territory, my state But, I couldn't figure out much to brag about Prince lives here, we got 10,000 lakes But wait, the women are beautiful, to me they are And we're not infested with pretentious movie stars And it hit me, Minnesota is dope If only simply for not what we have but what we don't It's all fair, it ain't out there, it's in there It's in the mirror, behind the breast under the hair Follow the dream doesn't mean leave the love Roam if you must, but come home when you've seen enough I love New York and Cali, but I ain't movin' Too overpopulated saturated with humans And I'm not big on rappers, actors, or models If I had to dip, I'd probably skip to Chicago None of this is to diss no one, nowhere Like damn, I'm from Minnesota, land of the cold air Too many mosquitoes and our fair share of egos But like my man Sabe says, that's where my mommy stays Chorus: So if the people laugh and giggle when you tell em where you live Say shhh, say shhh And if you know this is where you wanna raise your kids Say shhh, say shhh If you're from the Midwest and it doesn't matter where Say shhh, say shhh If you can drink tap water and breathe the air Say shhh, say shhh Got trees and vegetation in the city I stay The rent's in the mail and I can always find a parking space The women outnumber the men two to one Got parks and zoos and things to do with my son The nightlife ain't all that, but that's okay I don't need to be distracted by the devil every day And the jobs ain't really too hard to find In fact, you could have mine if you knew how to rhyme This is for everyone around the planet That wishes they were from somewhere other than where they standin' Don't take it for granted, instead take a look around Quit complaining and build something on that ground Plant something on that ground, dance and sleep on that ground Get on your hands and knees and watch the ants walk around that ground Make a family, make magic, make a mess Take the stress, feel your motivation and build your nest It sucks that you think where I'm from is wack But as long as that's enough to keep your ass from coming back And with a smile and a hint of sarcasm, he said I beg your pardon but this is my secret garden All right (In the land of ice and snow) Well okay (In the land of ice and snow) Well all right (In the land of ice and snow) Well okay (Minneapolis, Minneapolis, Minneapolis, Minneapolis) Repeat Chorus If the playground is clear of stems and syringes Say shhh, say shhh If there's only one store in your town that sells 12-inches Say shhh, say shhh If no one in your crew walks around with a gun Say shhh, say shhh And if you ain't gonna leave cause this is where you're from Say shhh, say shhh Well alright, well okay (repeated in background) St. Cloud, Minnesota Mankato, Minnesota Duluth, Minnesnowta Kansas City St Louis, Missouri Columbia, Missouri Oshkosh, Wisconsin Madison Milwaukee Cincinnati, Ohio Columbus, Ohio Boulder, Colorado Lawrence, Kansas Tulsa, Oklahoma Sioux Falls, South Dakota Ann Arbor, Michigan Indianapolis Say shhh.. Minneapolis (repeat to fade) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Atmosphere  Album: Headshots: SE7EN Song: Sep Seven Game Show Theme Typed by: kill4747@hotmail.com [Slug] The following program has been brought to you by Rhymesayers Entertainment The following program contains explicit lyrics and we the producers stay defiantly behind the views expressed in the following program. All right, all you players and player haters, once again it's time for the "Sep Sev" game show Recorded live right here in lovely snowy Minnesota this is the game where we make the average player a star.  Now, if you'll join me, let's give it up for the host of the "Sep Sev" game show that's right, here he is, Mr. Sep Sev... YO, YO, YO, YO, YO, YO, fuck the money, everyone on the floor drop I want all the food in the bag, and I ain't tryin' to hear that soar talk Stole the dinner and freaked it to the freeway Flipped the screenplay, and made every love scene a three-way Sound track recorded here in Minnesnowda Tastes like ambrosia Disinfects pen holders Yo, let's hold our breath and show your chest, if you're proud of it And wake me back to safety if you see me falling out of it Under a full moon, the color ?of mind is a mucous? See your in the distance, the images riveting Given the way the clouds moved, it fucked with the lighting Grabbed me by the thoughts and pulled me tight like a kite string All right, let's hear it for contestant number one What's your name sir?  Yo, MC famous, the killer Okay Mr. Anus Driller, you want to play the next round for a new Lexus with matching socks?  Or air on the horny Miami based video or do you just want to take the phony looking fifty dollar bills and run with money?  Yo, I want the sex man, just give chicks man, just, just let me touch 'em man! [Slug] Now what If I spent, my whole day ?, on getting bent, and now I can't afford my rent Do I grab a crowbar to your back door (Back door) or hit up Super America for the cash drawer? (Fast forward) I should be honest, cause even my outer conscience,  Knows the odds of blowing up are equal to people waking up from sleeping,  Keeping me from retrieving kingdoms and bed time stories,  Used to bore me with, positioned in the orbit of my imagination Small portion, even that much, flustered by the drug fell in lust with the rush Hush, maybe somewhere in it I became a cynic,  but your sexy grin gets less attractive by the minute The planets in my head now rotate around the mind The substance, the bug shit, all in my circumference And I function Like I don't give a fuck if you grasp it Resent the bitch that don't and cast it under the masses;  I asked, "Is that right?" I answered, "Does it matter?" I was glancing at how you fancy the passion, bastard How fast you scale the ladder to jump I'd rather just flunk than gather your junk  (Yo dog, you should blast that punk) Alright, this next round our contestant is gonna have to slam a whole bottle of expensive firewater, chase it with a forty of malt liquor smoke a blunt, load a gun and sell records to 14 year olds all over the country And the first one of you genocidal fashion fantasy fucks to go platinum wins  Wins what!? Mr. Announcer, tell them what they'll win!  Well, they'll win respect, lot's and lot's of props! [Slug] Pissed on the Asti Spumonte, sippin' kamekazi Shoulda called mommy when you saw me pull up in ? The rest of you're life's a flashback when I jump out that hatchback Here's your tape, give me my cash back I'm on tracks, and that's that, in fact that's all you need Either take some kind of lead, or fall to your knees and bleed How's your scene? And how's that rental running? And how's the weed selling? And how's the demo coming? Me and my participants, be the reason why you and you crew bit your lips Stick this in your mouth to cleanse it The fuckin' prop is too expensive Make's me want to end it (Repent kid) My advice is from here on out you purchase yellow boxers That way when your bitch does your laundry, she won't tell her moms about the stains created  when I skated across that flat service you refer to as lyrical endowment That content, that conscience, run down to that ? The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Atmosphere Album: Headshots: Se7en Song: Round and Round Typed by: xxmerkutioxx@aol.com (Get Down) Round and round, upside down Living my life underneath the ground  [repeated] I never had the skills that it took to sell weed I was too generous, too understanding to your needs As far as school, I lacked the motivation for the occupation Preparation, guess I'll never catch that bacon I need to find a duty doing sales or some shit Cause I was always good at talking people into dumb shit Fuck it, just program some drums I'll be honest to myself and take the wealth if it comes Run baby, run baby Because its metro its destined to ruin Let go of that echo, baby what are you pursuing? Priorities are twisted and heads not on straight I think I'm gonna pop if I don't stop and take a long break And find time to reflect, I need to take a second Quit breaking my neck to get this fat paycheck Because money is the root of all people Ayo most people are evil so I'm on a roof shooting at bald eagles Adrenaline, mescaline, ephedrine and apple sauce Ain't no way to hang a platinum records on these battered walls Every man's a faggot and all women are sluts So I'm a hold out my love for all a y'all to shake your butts and Round and round, upside down Living my life underneath the ground  [repeated] Somewhat exotic how a lotta these cats went about it And when they got crowded let the boundaries cloud it I doubt that if they only knew how I was coming through Probably be the oasis they was running to Fashion, the lifestyle, around the fashions and lifestyles Of entities you don't know much less trust judgment Judgmental, the soldier with the common pencil So say what's up when you see me on the bus Ayo, the worst is yet to come, in fact its on its way You better go and get you some before there ain't no more today And hey I'll be just fine, trying to bust rhymes Got my eye on my son and my hand on my nine The clock stops, for everybody that you know that got shot And eight o' clock the seconds get hesitant for every cat that went in an accident And seven o' clock time stands still for everyman killed by the planet's build Consumed by the elements, water, earth, wind, fire When I die I wanna go like that, fuck the devil's development Round and round, upside down Living my life underneath the ground  [repeated] (Get down) Run away, come away from the land of Sodom and Gomorrah Run away, come away from the land of the sinking sand [repeated] Round and round, upside down Living my life underneath the ground  [repeated] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Atmosphere f/ Mr. Gene Poole Album: Headshots: SE7EN Song: Tracksmart Typed by: kill4747@hotmail.com [Mr. Gene Poole] The loveliest sound coming out to yo' system I spark to get y'all off to a good start Show me some heart, walk through my hood after dark, dodging poison darts  Catch one in the left lung I hope the Cherokee parks by itself tracksmart  Act like you part of this you'll find yourself victim of the rhyme bombardment  Weak shit, I have the tolerance I write the best rhymes in my sleep Dreamland beats and freelance techniques fuckin' up the sheets Ink spots, puss spot niggas tryin to stop this think not get ? and listen for your bank knock We do a lot of this activity in my city  Get a job in my world, join a futuristic commitee Weak assistant of three had to be persistantly equal  in order for it to work out in a balance  which comes down to a question of natural talents Can't keep those gifts isolated in tablets  It's not about rap ballads, or who can flow the best what kind of dressing you gonna have with your life salad? (Hmmm...) French...yes..thank you very much..On to the next [Slug] Yo, you rappers elude me but that's nothing new I still stick to my duty, to kick something true Still if you wanna boo me we can do this in a circle of peers  tell your bitch to kick a beat so I can work you to tears I've made a full of strangers throw hands in the air (Man) I know you sense danger, I can see it in your stare (Man) Don't provoke anger when the mic's in my hand,  cause if I get that spark I'm quick to rip apart your plans Yo Ant, let's keep this one accesible Take the fruits that wanna test these bros and make 'em vegetables  just to let 'em know that the course tastes pure Pissed off all the local rappers so it's time to go on tour I'm sure, so I never break a sweat when a fate steps  instead I break that snake's neck and take his breath  Half the time half of 'em don't catch the rhymes  they need they friends with to show 'em how we wax behinds Please fool, hella stupid I'm assuming probably  couldn't even rock your own family reunion and I'm through with the politicket Rhymesayers on a mission, watch the following thinking, motherfucker! [Mr. Gene Poole] I stick two fingers through his nostrils and a thumb through his mouth  and swing em' like a bowling ball make 'em strike the fuck out  Take a hook and stab it through his back and curve it around his spine and throw em out  by the lili pads and wait for a hit on my line (Damn!) Cause this rap shit makes me wanna catch niggas like catfish chop 'em up into steaks and sop 'em up off the plate with biscuits and rice I put the hand of the one that likes to hold mics in a vice  Make sure he never writes in his life When it's time for me to display (Stay the FUCK out the way)  and when its time for you to DJ you going play what I say  The word for the day is "Fette" cash lessons Get ready to mash when I give the word don't ask questions  Pack yo shit, dont smack yo bitch leave peaceably cause these'll be vital elements of livin' feasibly  ? the urban ? mocha latte, Saint Paul nigga rocking the uptown partay like coca angel vatte I provide that mental rush and that physical feeling like yo' whole worlds being dusted  Be hushed when you see me in deep thought hand clutched interrupt and you just might be caught then crushed [Slug] Yo, yo, I quit fronting, really-really I know wrong and right, wrote my songs, shed light to promote a longer life When I reflect that night, I seek light in the confusion  I stick to the music and skip the baggage of delusion Managed to come through and I'm in the minimalism, yo the damage is due it's time to climb to catch a vision Yo, I've had it with you, and the terms which I work cause it matter to you  the flight's cursed, I might burst challenging who?  Balance the mood, yo Stress, let's gather the crew,  Commence to wreck shit then exit, I'd rather that you Throw your hands in the air  and if that's too demanding you can stand there and stare The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Atmosphere Album: Headshots: SE7EN Song: Choking on the Wishbone Typed by: newos_crib_is@hotmail.com [Slug] This one goes out to all of those that want success Wait, not just the ones that want it This goes to those that feel they deserve it And this one goes to all of those that make the moves and those that have paid the dues To all of those that walk the fine line on the edge To all the heads about to break it loose And you don't want to come close to feeling it Initial reaction like "Yo, I don't give a shh..." After a minute within it, they start to think "Why the hell they didn't get it, did they not hear what he speaks?" They don't know me, it's best that way Let 'em look for tomorrow in yesterday And let me strain my lungs for the love of popping amps Let me spike the ball because I don't like to dance Let me paint a picture on the surface of your mind I got a job at the circus and I quit writing rhymes Now I travel from city to city, life of a gypsy Gravel, grass, concrete, folk law and mystery Yo, looking at my Gucci, it's about that time for me to pawn this piece of junk and try to take some of these finds Fly angel fly, don't ever look back You better scoop that dead rat off the track, go home and cook that Maybe you should trade that Mustang for a Jeep So when you get too drunk to drive, you'll have a dry place to sleep Don't forget what chocolate milk does to the hangover Come on, who you think cut the tires on your Land Rover? Twist the nobs and chew the fat off the shish kebab Ditch the lard that cut my hair and made me quit my job And if I pass before they get a chance to hear me Tell 'em "Kiss my ass" and teach 'em all about my theory [Chorus: 4x] Choking on a wishbone, position blown out the frame Pissed on the remains to mark the spot and spark the flame [Slug] It never settles, the constant grinding of metal against complicated timing, developing my threshold Touching the gestalt with a little reverb and some echo to add extra flavor like pesto Yo, the cards are dealt and now I'm staring at my hand Looking for something to toss, tryna find a spot to stand The anger felt as I look across the land It doesn't equal to the eagerness and hunger to expand Move past, the berry is set, the previous sets carry me through the meaninglessness Here I am with the word extracting nerves Running toward the stage (here we go) to watch the crash occur [Chorus: 2X] [Slug] Put your head on the pillow and shut your eyes Take your mind out the ghetto and touch the sky Then come ease down that much feared trail of blood, sweat and love Instead of flame, crying tears in the rain The blunder game, and it drowned out the hunger pains Numbed the brain and played life like a numbers game Poppa needs a new pair of nuts, cause he lost touch with the last ones fastened to the bottom of his guts Yo, they don't know me, it's best that way Let 'em look for tomorrow in yesterday This child is your fate so let 'em play I bet I know your age and I can guess your weight Wait, wait, how can it be so simple and straight? And why the hell ain't you tripping to make some ripples in the lake? I can't figure it out, for God's sake arguing a lost case as it irritates my prostate, and when I sit home alone I kick over the telephone and catch my zone inside the dial tone {*Multiple recordings of Slug talking play together for 38 seconds*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Atmosphere Album: Headshots: Se7en Song: Swept Away Typed by: Sixhours@gmail.com With the sweepin it's the look on her face, that's got me displaced plus the fact that she's probably got no clue I'm peepin she's deep into routine cleanin off the sidewalk infront of the shop she works 1:15 am, me parked in the car on the street, maybe 30 feet from the spot she sweeps emotions achin', who is this human? and whys she chewin my attention the action, unaware, innocent, purely accident and whom I askin this? I'm alone, in the passenger seat of this [this part is bleeped out] awaitin' my companion, but damn man, she's got me distracted and it's not just the fact that she's attractive it's the whole kit-n-kabootle from the look on her face, to her taste in shoes, to the way she moves it inspires me to sit and doodle, so while I write she wipes down the tagged up picnic tables outside of the [bleeped out] it's missin not a spot and here I sit again, with a pen and a desire to be entirely lost in a world of them .. (spoken) "what do you mean you just wanna be friends.." The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist:Atmosphere Album:Headshots: Se7en Song: Lyle Lovitt Typed by: UGRLS Webmaster  Hoes and tramps buts and sluts bitches tricks tits and butts [Verse 1] Bitches be dreamin for this eight inch demon and when you hear me screamin, I'm about to free the seamen wipe myself off on your couch cover if she talks any trash I'll flash my box cutters cause I'm rougher than any pimp you've had in your life hoe I talk soft, walk tall, carry a rifle kill that bullshit cause if baby gets trifled I'm lacing the liquor with some piss and some Lysol roll in a shit-brown Lincoln, eatin' a sticky bun spot-check the block, big one is gonna gimme some cause I'm a freak, I like the girls with tattoos I once got busy in a Burger King drive-thru I take 'em two at a time, make 'em both say my name ain't never had three, but best believe that I'm game and that's the key game, girl I fit words like scrabble the inner-city cowboy with the thick herds of cattle cruisin' lake street, gene pool ridin' shotgun got the flyest tricky's from the Mississippi to Boston I've got a house full of porn to keep the vibe warm the doors always open honey, come out of the storm yo I got daddy's little girls, ones that always stay true I've got an uptown girl she dyes her pubic hair blue and I've got a bitch that lives in Kenwood, rich townhouse flavour she travels on business I'm gettin' down with the neighbors I got a freak that drives the bus, shows me love with free rides one hundred hoes in St. Paul but only one from east side got a Bloomington bitch with a pool in her apartment rug burns all over from fucking her on the carpet got the mega-mall hoes, make them all work the food court yo hit me up with a chicken soft taco and a couple of Newports got a stripper bitch with body jewels and fake titties and a hoe that lives in Fargo for when I escape the city [Hook] but my favorite one, out of all of 'em, is YOUR girl I sway the tongue never once have I been forceful she lays it on like its a job that she loves who's lips is these? the response is always slugs [Verse 2] the Richfield bitches freak the lip gloss and hairspray downtown women that like to fuck on the staircase north side chicks, south side chicks, suburban chicks love to open married women up to the pervertedness disturbing your relationship, excuse my morals I'm working with the way I trick 'em out, silly mortals the words I kick, the sport I play now what to say when I'm sittin at this buffet with these tasty morsels [Hook] [Verse 3] crusin down the street in my babies mom's caprice February got the windows cracked, wearin a fleece hit the bus depot, yo boo you kinda cute gimme nine and a half weeks and I'll have that freak flippin two distribute and come across the ???? I know its hard being young girl, let me soothe the pain I understand you baby, straight up I understand now lift up your ass so I can pull these fuckin' pants down the only ones I don't do is those under eighteen or at least I keep that shit a secret if you know what I mean I got sluts that love to give head, and I like to watch the way they move their tongue up and down my... [Outro] Motherfucker! I can't believe your sittin down here recordin' some bullshit like this (Hey man it's just a song, it's just a song, it's like a joke) Oh, you wanna be a pimp eh? you better take your ass over to that neglected girl you got there. (Why you always trippin' on me in front....) Motherfucker, you got a kid, how you rhyming about some bullshit like this? The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist:Atmosphere Album:Headshots: Se7en Song:Higher Living Typed by:xxmerkutioxx@aol.com Follow me, everybody spread around, I want you all to hear this Join me, sit down, sit down I wanna tell you 'bout something, I got story or something Listen I knew this girl named Roulette-lette-lette The coolest woman I ever met, met, met I never tried to hook it up, up But I used to fantasize about the guts Fuck, bust nuts, rush Grab the gold and carry it in your mouth But I'm a try to hold the microphone and turn the party out And if it's the type of crowd that doesn't like to shout, fuck it I'll give 'em something to chew on, something to talk about Snap, crackle pop rock, never had a sawed-off Don't never wanna blow up, 'cause I never wanna fall off Adjacent to that vacant lot, next to the weed spot Sits a headshop, beneath a tree watching peace talks So let me catch a round of applause So maybe I can persuade some lady out of her bra (come on baby) Ladies and gentlemen... We now ask that you give a warm Minnesota nice welcome to MC I've gotta be your man on the mic, you know...  Ladies and gentlemen, give it up Put your hands together, put your hands... Cause if we can't do it together We'll do it apart Ain't no way we'll ever make it how it was at the start But that's a given Now within the distance of your vision measure the persistence How are you living? I'll smack the whack and sell 'em crack while I'm laying down my mack  (I'm trying to tell you homeboy) I'll get sick on a trick, talking shit firm grip on my dick  (Ayo bitch I got what you need bitch, yo, yo) I make moves and get loose wearing a camouflage goose (And that's juice, like what, what, what, what) Yes, yes, I never stress  Make a mess on the mic sipping a Becks, wearing a vest 'Cause well, you know It's that Rhyesayer with a razor, truck jewelry, Chuck Taylors (Yo man, pass that blunt kid, yo kid, kid) Tall sharp and handgun, paid a ransom for these pants dun So step off kid you're playing me too close If we can't do it together We'll do it apart Ain't no way we'll ever make it how it was at the start But that's a given Now within the distance of your vision measure your persistence How are you living? Killed all the thoughts about killing all the cops No longer get as pissed off when I have to jerk my dick off I just want a mic and a crowd and if that's asking for too much Fine, lemme just have that mic and I'll be alright (I'll be alright) Stuck, between a rock and the sky With an option to buy and I got lost in a lie Tossed them fakes out the door, I ain't your whore I make music, can you feel it? Cool, then I'm a make some more Yes, yes ya'll you are now rocking with the best of the mess hall In root to the basement, while Ant drives the vessel All apologies to those insulted  By the repulsive vultures that fly loose when I'm seduced by the impulses  (By the impulses) Defense mech in effect, protect the rep From all forms of public infliction But listen I love the ripping, so fuck the friction it takes focus off what's the mission (Yo tell 'em what's the mission) To be the man on the mic, to be the man on your mind To be the man that made you push rewind To be that mother fucker over there on that mic You know what that means?  That means I can show you what I need you to see, see, see (See here, what you need to do is follow, follow us baby Before you can... what you need to do is see, see, see, see, see) If we can't do it together We'll do it apart Ain't no way we'll ever make it how it was at the start But that's a given Now within the distance of your vision measure your persistence How are you living? Measure your persistence  How are you living? Measure your persistence Higher living The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Atmosphere Album: Headshots: Se7en Song: To the Break of Sean Typed by: xxmerkutioxx@aol.com You rap for a living but you wish you could sing [Slug] Ayo Ma,  People are starting to support the music Self-esteem getting a little boosted Me and Derek, we made a record, a lot of our friends bought it RSC, we built a label and heads parted Yo Mom, I'm grinning  But most the time it's fake Too much of my head, it makes the thought ache For God's sake Sean, take a capsule, painkiller, Advil Tame your bad self, quit being an asshole Hey Moms, I could use, just a few more hours of sleep, I think I need to push snooze There's no way I can lose, 'cause it's not a game I'm confident; no matter where I land it's all the same It's all insane And I'm beginning to adapt Stepping around the potholes, time-bombs, and mousetraps And when I fall flat I'll smile  I gotta go, I'll call you back I'm teaching Jacob how to freestyle "To The Break of Sean" Tell everyone I'm doing alright Mom  It goes "To the Break of Sean" 		 Tell everyone I'm doing alright Mom  It goes "To the Break of Sean" 	 Tell everyone I'm doing alright Mom  It goes "To the Break of Sean" 	 Tell everyone I'm doing alright Mom All night long The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Atmosphere Album: Headshots: Se7en Disc 1 Song: Deer Wolf Typed by: oldman317@hotmail.com (7 summers old lovely like I told...) I know a lotta people but not many that I trust and outta those I trust not many I would touch they say I talk in circles but I write it line by line and if I don't really know you I'ma lie and say I'm fine and I spit rhymes hoping that someone who thinks like me related to the emotions interlocked within the phyche spit rhymes to catch chicks to catch hope to catch that ear of the kid who says 'damn that shit is dope' (damn that shit is dope) not to mention I love the attention went from hidin in the boxcars to drivin the engine and I sit in the same chair under the same light round the same time a night when I write probably will for life 25 and I ain't gettin any younger living to survive can you spare a penny brother? Now in the name of all world wide rhyme sayers I'ma drive pass ? park and spray the soccer players [CHORUS] how many licks does it take to get to the center of your universe? (4X) (let thy moon arise while I close my eyes...) Finally finalize the line by line of tryin to climb in between your minds thighs self esteem watch it grow like mold watch the loads it holds as the soul unfolds track my faith as I wade through a pack a day Have to wait call me back next saturday pass the steak I'ma about to stick this vampire touch the heart and lay the carcass on the campfire burn baby burn and take your cents with ya if the shoe don't fit ya remove it to lose the business get the car started warm it up for the journey wake up abuse and shake of the blues and make stops to fill the tank stops to urinate stops to meditate and let the thoughts resonate stops to celebrate stops just for heavens sake stops in an attempt to make the bad shit and get it straight the ashma regualtes the breath control so thanks for the tapes and eat your vegetables and yo I write it for me and if you like it that's love and if you don't that's life cause life don't like slug [CHORUS] its the super unleaded imbedded within my head trips kept it in check with the skeptics and the essense when it festers infection fills with fluid apply the pressure it burts to satisfy the thirst 20/20 sight so I got no excuse my soul is broken lose from over use tell me who can hold the noose while I make certain it fits me judgement first impresstion naturally shifty each one tried to teach one when it begun struggling for freedom tryin to build a kingdom now your sippin Segrums tryin to fix a threesome between you your girl and that freak with the nissan wheels keep spinning accelerator sticks so sugar up the coffee and celophane your dick and lace the spliff and make sure that dosage is right cause lifes a bitch (lifes a bitch) and I'ma hold it tight [CHORUS] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist:Atmosphere Album:Headshots: Se7en Song:Molly Cool Typed by:xxmerkutioxx@aol.com Wise men couldn't see it in their dreams But up rose the poets from the speed cleans And the weed fiends, speakings dissected  Deciphered by the undernourished purists No longer is it a get over situation What are you really saying? (Do you think she's listening?)  What are you really saying? (Do you think she's really listening?)  What are you really saying? (Do you think she's really listening?) Do you think she's listening? If it makes you feel better, go head Make me feel small I know what you're up to Baby, build your wall You think you've seen it all? And life has no surprises Until you call out my name and return you get (silence) She's a high plains drifter, loner Baby's a rebel Cool disposition getcha, shows you new level Crazy, abrasive, enough to make me wanna taste To figure out what makes it tick So I can dig it out and break it Curiosity killed the cat But liquor helped me build back all of the confidence dripped Intrigued by the fact that she could fuck, shower and bounce out my house like that Left me sleeping with my doubts Okay, wait I know her skeeze Self-inspired detachment Keeps her cold like a breeze  She needs a heated passion Good bedroom stabbin' Break your back kinda fun Wild, buck, turn the beats up I'm loud when I cum And outta no where, she says, Word, I'll go there Should we leave now, or do you want to stay a while? She says, I don't care Instant-ly my jacket is on and I'm a wreck Gent with me, Baby where'd you park, let's jet Yo, she's the kind of girl that doesn't want no relationship But damn I think she's kinda cool But damn just be patient kid Regular basis for sex for quite a while Puppy chased his tail carded Yo he wants the idol now Never shoulda brought it like that 'Cause now when I think about it and look back I'll never forget the way she laughed  When I asked if the only way I'll ever get to see her is when she's on her back B-b-but the first time we fucked was shaken Wow, Digital Underground style No lies, no exaggeration Glad to make your acquaintance What's your name again? Molly Good golly Miss, here take my digits please call me She was cool like that Yo how'd you get like that? I've never had a date that gave me head like that And it was said like that And she replied with a thank you Before you leave Molly, let me kiss that tattoo on your ankle And she was out, didn't see her again for the week No call And when she see me, no attempt to speak So like a good bitch I make the example Baby, how you been? Half an hour later we're in a park, fucking like old friends Turn on a dome light To get my pants on right Travel safe, see your ass around, have a good night (bye) That's it, no conversation, game playin' over some coffee She's out, moments after she pulled that body off me I'm stressed, I'm stressed, I'm so confused She doesn't seem like the type that's that loose So maybe she does, realistically I don't know her that well But if you let me, I'd fondle that sexy ass to Hell and back Tell her that (tell her that) Yo, you think she's really listening? (x4) If it makes you feel better, go head And make me feel small I know what you're up to Baby, build your wall You think you've seen it all? And life has no surprises 'Til you call out my name and return you get silence The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Atmosphere f/ Musab Album: Headshots: SE7EN Song: Dungeons and Dragons Typed by: kill4747@hotmail.com This is Don Newkirk from Cincinnati, Ohio. Yeah, handsome. Yeah, you know what I'm sayin? Six-one-two, writers never die, writers never die. Yeah, yeah, lavish I never had it I get too happy doin atmospheric damage  to your amateurish madness Check your current status [Slug] Kinetic responses were heard frequent in the past with speakin lashes in the toungues of father's demons semen Somehow catered to the whims of later stood check the you shoot like stormtroopers the arising Darth Vader hood Gave a good thumbs up type of scream to symbolize the arrival cause we've arised from the dream With a red beam that fastens to my chest wearin' a string of beads of sweat decorating this helmet that shelters and protects my laptop The brain contains the game and the fast talk More traffic than the average vagrant's favorite drag spot last stop To catch a breath for twenty miles Cause this field is filled with more snakes than MC's that fake their freestyles Your optimism is far from natural caught the label of asshole cause I'm twice as tight as the rest this rappin's vaginal Stand clear, cause when my shit comes the big fun Pushin' up in and out of your bitch system like a piston Glistening, in the twilight, hill top, with his ability stability and shoot my spunk on your soliloquy The children see right through the smoke screen the mist around your soul provoking, your own choking [Repeat 8x: Slug] (In the background) Dungeon after dungeon, dragon after dragon [Beyond / Musab] + (Slug) In 97 the haters smash the tribe of set New ward, what are the most important things in life? To crush enemies? To see them driven before you? Or to hold the head of opponent MC's, in your bare hands Haha I'm a co-founder, and one that likes to lounge on Overcrowded spots so I can find someone to clown on I hound dog, sniffin' out the unwanted I said I'd let you live, but I never could keep a promise With a lot of shit in my cottage Come to my store, tryin to fight get fucked, like Marcellus Wallace The BE calls it, anybody wanna, wander, on to the stage and try ta cha cha Blah blah, that's all I'm hearin from the opposition Just a buncha cockys dissin, ya kiddin Wanna battle, huh? Last two times mc's were found dead in a fast food line Mash you, I'mma mash you (Who, them?) Yeah, that crew Separate the bitches like a capsule cause they fragile Knock em off the saddle make 'em flip to the leaves and they'll wake up paralyzed like, Christopher Reeves Take a breath, here quick take one more Before you finally realize that ya layin' in the morgue This is the core, of the underground Listen cause I'm sayin' somethin' now The BE, only one allowed [Repeat 8x: Slug] (In the background) Dungeon after dungeon, dragon after dragon [Musab] Steel is not strong Flesh is strong You understand me, boy? Watch, watch this, you you, come here, come here, come to me, come to me, witness this [Slug] + (Musab) I'm kind of conservative when it comes to this rap shit because when I glace across the surface all the words is written backwards And actions speak, much louder than your heavy rotations I'll rock a crowd that's never heard of us, on any occasion No longer patient you got my cranium achin Prepare my awareness and start to measure up these square pegs To figure out which crescent wrench it's gonna take to beat this stake into my skull, to numb, and dull this headache Fiberglass rappers leave with cracked brains Shattered names line the hallways with all the ways I can contain under lids, locks in a two headed dog, with a sawed off It's where Ant makes the breaks to get your rocks off Molotov toss, into the ring of lost causes formerly known as MC's (Southside lost provisions) Cause it's more cost-efficient to kill the bad apple then save the core then to nature let it run it's course, of course You cross me, spread my wings and leave you stranded on this planet (Cross me, spread my wings and leave you stranded on the planet) You cross me, spread my wings and leave you stranded on this planet Dungeon after dungeon, dragon after dragon after dragon [Repeat 7x: Slug] (In the background) Dungeon after dungeon, dragon after dragon [Musab] In 97, smash the tribe of Set, all the snakes slitherin amongst the base, amongst the temples smashed The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Atmosphere Album: Headshots: Se7en Song: Advanced Communications Typed by: kill4747@hotmail.com [Slug] It's always good to have that extra reinforcement... Looking forward to it (Very much so) Looking forward to it (Very much so) Looking forward to it (Very much so) Take my hand (Advanced communications) Take my hand (Advanced communications) Take my hand (Advanced communications) The candles flicker, you handle your liquor The nerves quiver, wish my band had some stickers that I could give ya Blistered, from a, endless list of complaints Tainted, consumed, fainted in a room full of paint fumes Fell naked, but tell me how far can I take it Ingrained in my brain, hold the pain like it's sacred Snow fall covers all, that's immobile I try to bring the plow, but it tends to come out boastful Kill the sayer-hatin', and kill the flavor-fakin' Partake in that forsaken game, FUCK YOU and your neighbor's sake Now waken (*Beat slows down*) The early bird apprehends the circuit Gotta catch the train, ma, gonna join the circus (*Beat changes*) [Chorus: Slug] (Repeat 2x) Call it love, call it skill, call it what you will,  I don't give a fuck just call us up so we can build [Slug] Yo, I got your interest, pessimistic, guinea swined Over exerted emotion to he point of feeling fine Inner mind travel: when I awoke, the feet hurt Scared to drive, scared to fly I wrote the speaker wired When the rival is desired I'm smiling at the fire  that's contrived in and inspired in the eyes of desire When it cries, "Take me higher!" I look across the globe and fantasize of what's dope and drop my low Set baby, with the head gravy Better get lazy, cause if you step, you get wrecked baby Yet maybe I should feed'em line like trout Put my rhymes in they mouth, that's what I'm about Truth be told not from the new or the old I'm from the now watch me while I make your whole crew explode Super nova style, hold your pin to the mat From the grin to the chin to the limbs to the back In a fist full of steel I express how I feel Blinded by work searching for the best kind of deal Gotta find the angle in a circle of hopeful Apply a choke hold and set the locals running in ovals [Chorus: Slug] (Repeat 4x) Call it love, call it skill, call it what you will I don't give a fuck just call us up so we can build [Slug] Advanced communications Sluggo! Yeah, this is Aaron Umm, newel, I mean, I mean, yeah I mean, like uhh, I don't have anything in the mail yet, man And I'm like, eager to do my verse again and stuff because because I've been taking testosterone pills Umm...so like, hi Where is it? Give me a call And, uhh, if you caught me last weekend on your phone from my cell, umm, yeah  I was kinda, piss loaded drunk and stuff, and I can't even remember what I said But my girlfriend had to remind I called you Anyways, nifty huh? Peace out, honkey, bye-bye End of message The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist:Atmosphere Album:Headshots: Se7en Song:A Tall Seven and Seven Typed by:xxmerkutioxx@aol.com Yo can I get a Seven and Seven over here? Yo can I get a Cranberry Citron?  A tall one? No, no, lemme get a Newcastle, a Newcastle Yo homie Had I known That you'd a grown Into a full-blown example of how to act like an asshole I never would have introduced you to booze and skipping school 'Cause right now I feel responsible to find an answer Yo, yo, back in junior high when you and I started getting high Life was just a joke, we was too young to know the punch-line And you would sooner die then realize you're running out of time Who's to decide there's no more recess after lunch-time Bam, here you am, intoxicated again Yo, how you doin' man? Yeah it's good to see you Bam, here you am, intoxicated again He used to be my man, understand? I believe you've slightly exceeded (slight exceeded) How many of them drinks that you think you need when You're trying to boost the bonus points and reinforce your voice But I'm not trying to walk within your obnoxiousness (hell naw) We used to be friends back in the day when you had direction But that was before your brain felt that infection And I ain't claiming innocence  I was right there with you then I'm just sayin' While we was waiting to move up, some of us grew up We all knew what the difference between wrong and right was Sometimes the line blurred, when we was influenced by a light buzz But from what I see, you've established the persona  Basis, built from foundation, for emulating the genre, drama Without taking a moment to ponder, the trail of karma that you've weaved Through the field that you've wandered No longer am I shocked by the things you do I'm just confused as to why it's gotta be me to confront you I guess nobody else gives a damn  So I gotta go for self, 'cause I'm a man Understand? And you can take it as concern Or you can see it as your ego getting burned Either way, tonight yo, one of us is gonna learn And I guess nobody else gives a damn But see I do Because you used to be my man, understand? And even if it means you beat me down to the cement It's all love, I need to see you stick around until the end Bam, intoxicated again (right?) Bam, intoxicated again ('cause I'm a man, understand?) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Atmosphere Album: Headshots: Se7en Song: 3.2 Red Dog Typed by: gosthwriter@hotmail.com One of those nights warm beer, cold women I just don't fit in It goes 1, it goes 2, it goes 3-2 red dog in the hoodie too much "person" in your "ality", the friction could be Should we continue with dialogue as I study these new faces I would fix my shoe laces, but the room place was Shoes cut loose at the front door got dirty socks, I'm on the floor and thoughts is what I hunt for Driftin in and out of conversations I know nothing about Fuck your topics, I didn't come to see you But yo I'm here, might as well make the worst of this warm shitty beer and I'm nursin it, and cursin it I'm sick of it, but still grippin it and sippin it Hopin it'll dull the pain of the sight of your lips flippin' shit So here I sit, inside my atmosphere I don't know a single motherfucker here but maybe that's my fear Pull out my notebook and let go Intro-spectro cep Not so pleased to meet you and I hate techno I only came to see the girl that lives here TW #11, cold women warm beer (2X) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Atmosphere Album: Overcast! / Headshots Se7en Song: The Abusing of the Rib Typed by: twiet@innocent.com, OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Slug] I wanna follow the footprints across my lover's stomach I wanna call out her name before I plummet I wish I had a map of the terrain so I could step around the landmines Avoid the beasts under the bed that bring they bad times I wanna find this here so-called treasure The pleasure, the trinkets, the never-ending weekends Acknowledgin that I'm still just a piece of the sequence But seein these different footprints got me needin to show my weekness The timeline, the time zones, I cross them with my eyes closed Memorized the landmarks and learned the cycles The weather patterns, how the seasons affect the East and the West of each region learned the cycles Forget about the fact that many trails have been tracked Maybe it's a plus that there's a path If this was some uncharted land I'd have to be a smarter man willing to travel the farthest to unravel the harvest and natural resources are unlimited exploration only requires some desire and initiative take your time and find the right way to climb it ain't safe to play games with natures mind If I could show you, you would never leave it And if I could show you, you would never leave it If I could show you, you would never leave it And if I could show you, you would never leave it If I could show you, you would never leave it And if I could show you, you would never leave it If I could show you, you would never leave it And if I could show you, you would never I wanna ride a train up my lover's arm, stop off at the brain  Then hop out and find out what's going on Cut through trees and ride through rocks And synchronise the universal sun down to my watch I've seen a lot, but not quite as much as her The top went of the memory and the imagination blurred But I know she's been put through hell, I can feel it  And I know she's touched having this well, tryin to steal it It came on and it tought her a song It's strung her along and it caught her when the god was gone Now to the break-o-dawn she's tryin to feel that fix And all the family and friends is tryin to seel them lips But I ain't dumb, I can hear that train come from miles away  Setting obstacles to stop the arrival I'm gonna blow up that iron in wood rogue From what I understood those be the aura fits of his survival My recital another tantrum because she's highly excitable swinging wings of red nova  Happy endings always off to a bad start Addictive voyeuristic to the trackmarks And if I could show you, you would never leave it {*fades until end*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist:Atmosphere Album:Headshots: Se7en Song: Write Now (Multiples #4) Typed by: multsanta@sprynet.com went from the papermate to the spray paint and all the way back to the  papermate run through the fate, excuse me went from the papermate to the spray paint and brought it all the way back  to the papermate thanks for buying the tape excuse me my- excuse me, my friend is that your pen? is it cool if I use it to duel with my skeletons? is it proper for me to use it to prosecute these people? is it wrong for me to caress it against my ego? eh yo, can I use a ball point just to make my small point? are these mechanical joints anything like hollow points? old fashioned number two and I need that shit quick and steady but that's assuming I ain't chewed off the eraser tip already if I touched or felt it, believe I'm 'bout to make hell flip computer friendly only 'cause that deadly bitch helps me spell shit scribble, for the you, the me, the she and the politicians aerosol to the wall, write it tall for all the vision yo, he wrote it in jail, she wrote it in braile I wrote that shit, named it, recorded it eh yo, I got one for sale and if I truly feel I got something to show ya I pull out a blank sheet of loose leaf and draw it out in crayola I've grown to keep an extra utensil in my sock and I've been known to mark it on the sidewalk with chalk most times i write with a pen, sometimes I write with a buzz and if i ever go gold, I must have wrote that shit in blood and if i ever go gold, I must have wrote that shit with blood and if i ever go gold, I must have wrote that shit with blood and if i ever go gold, I must have wrote that shit with blood multiples, level four, courtesy of the slug eh yo, it's all about the penmanship, baby it's all about the penmanship, baby eh yo, it's all about the penmanship, baby eh yo, it's all about the penmanship, baby The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Atmosphere  Album: Headshots: SE7EN Song: I Wish Those Cats @ Phobia Would Give Me Some Free Shoes Typed by: kill4747@hotmail.com [Slug] Tomorrow's forecast: flurries motherfucker! (..Snowman in full effect) Snowman in full effect so play the odds out 'till April The tapes will grow so we can buy posters and staples I bet that kid Slug will bust flows, if you ask nice It's Friday night, point me to the party wanna grab mics Used to get queezy when it was time to rock that B.B. But nowadays I'm just trying to get Musab away from the TV Cause I can't fuck with the Zenith, I rather criticize Tuesdays releases with the elitists at the fetus Yet, another factory film is what we present Surrounding, bitch needed a ballpoint, no grievance Let's all point our fingers towards the path we venture Minneapolis natives taken the rap of winter bad contender Let me catch a lukewarm triple mocha to reach the speed of the ?cat? that scratched on my sofa And in the green room is emcees and in the kitchen is dirty dishes And my position: blurry vision And I'm livin' in a section where heads is frozen stiff And these skinny powdered sniffin' kids is posin' talkin' shit Since the first time I met you backstage in the name room I knew that I did not want to occupy the same room I drive for a living, but I take the bus to work Auditioned for the role of Jesus, got the part of "Jerk" Armed with a walkman and a fake grin and a basement mindstate when I-- [Slug] Simply took a left at Nicollet Sucking on a cigarette did some pinch hits before I left And now the nicotine is liftin' it Choke at the last drag and flick remains at the gutter Flip up the hood just to keep the brains covered I'm trying to grow a mountain out of a foothill I see people rockin' my t-shirt, and I'm still shopping at Goodwill In a struggle, in a warzone, grew some extra personality Now I won't have to flee or fight alone The microphone: that's my weapon and I'm on a quest for Heaven Or rent me some comprehension It's busy as fuck, just gimme a three hour lead (Hour lead) So I can reflect maybe rent a flick and re-learn how to read The weed turn out the sleeves and found a bunch of tricks and used a cleaver to relieve all these unnecessary limbs Misplaced the gems and jewels I meant to give you To lift you, and lost my mind inside the issue And now I live it in a section where heads is frozen stiff And these skinny powdered sniffin' kids is posin' talkin' shit Since the first time I met you backstage in the name room I knew that I did not want to occupy the same room I drive for a living, but I take the bus to work Auditioned for the roll of Jesus, got the part of "Jerk" Armed with a walkman and a fake grin and a basement mindstate when I think-- [Slug] Now, I got spies positioned at various chivos around the city Lots of people that's down with me cause the evils out to get me It's easy to decipher who can taste me A lot of locals used to hate me, but now I think the tolerate me You can only hear what I feel when my eyes are shut Mistakes are piling up, excuses: they lining up I'm trying to fuck reality, but I'm impotent I can't get it up Cause she's a duck and her personality sucks just my luck I caught the wrong bus guess I'll get off at the crossroads And take a long lunch Next month when I got my head right I'mma grab a lead pipe And beat some life into this dead mic So let the tape roll and extract all the juices Read the hate mail in the bathroom and place wages on the losers In the beginning, you can't help but wanna be innovative But eventually the opposition leaves you jaded Like hell no (Hell no), I don't wish I was a baller I'm six foot three, there ain't no need for me to be any taller I just wish those cats over there at Fobia would hit me off with some free gear or somethin' ..Come on Cause I'm livin' in a section where heads is frozen stiff And these skinny powdered sniffin' kids is posin' talkin' shit Since the first time I met you backstage in the name room I knew that I did not want to occupy the same room I drive for a living but I take the bus to work Auditioned for the role of Jesus, got the part of "Jerk" Armed with a walkman and a fake grin and a basement mindstate when I think of how simple it could all be [Slug] Uh, yeah, Gob said that uh, I-I can come in and pick some shit out? That-that's cool? Alright.. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Atmosphere  Album: Headshots: SE7EN Song: Heart Typed by: kill4747@hotmail.com "You see, what you mistake for madness is just over acuteness of the senses and now it came to my ears a low, dull sound, such as a watch makes when wrapped in cotton, I knew that sound too. It was the beating of the old man's heart." Man, I'm telling you some motherfuckers just have no kind of heart, man. Serious man , motherfuckers man, these motherfuckers man, these motherfuckers have no self respect.  Don't wanna pay no dues, just wanna drop like a fucking LP tomorrow.. and then to top it off, these motherfuckers, they don't have no heart to their music, you know what I mean? sound like little girls and shit.. If you respect yourself (Repeat 5x) [Slug] Do you-- Now, it's started off rather basic,  just some small scale davilin confined to the basement  Never knew I'd grow to this full time user  Never figured that I was a winner or a loser only did the due to have fun  and only got with a crew because it seemed natural to have one Capture the life in the form of the grip around the mic hold it  Right like a love hold it tight with plight fortifies my  existence reinforces my position in this course that I'm sticking to my path now  I can see it all laid out in my past while trying to catch what it's about in my last breath  Pull the toxins in, and I bet death's about to box me in, but before this bitch comes to get some, I'mma do my job on this m-i-c, and feed you a thick one [chorus: Slug] (Repeat 3x) You can have all the heart in the world, doesn't mean I'm gonna respect ya I'm getting older and I'm knowing better [Slug] Let a, pissed rapper step to this captain and get up off your  head kid, I'll bitch smack Hugh Hefners Now, I'm about to put a +Slug+ in  Show business and if everything goes right, I'm leaving no witness  I hold this inside the chest, so big it hardly fits it trips between a true fan of party  Shits quit to lace the track with substance for all the young guns that's really listening  At the functions so you can love it or leave it, fuck it or keep it, either way  I'll be here trudging through the deep shit  I've done well over hundred cuts and gotten the feed back of love  From some of the ones I've touched and thus, I'm not quitting never stop rippin' you gotta be kiddin' shit  He's on a mission is it possible the mics got my soul?  I'll make them all say "Ho!" and Rhymesayers  Rock the show let 'em know that it's more then a career goal  cut that zero and let the hero in your ear hole, yo! [chorus: Slug] (Repeat 3x) You can have all the heart in the world, doesn't mean I'm gonna respect ya I'm getting older and I'm knowing better [Slug] Let a, piss rapper step to this captain get up off your head kid  I'll bitch smack Hugh Hefner emcees please excuse the "U's" and "P's" but I grew up on BDP, EPMD, Run-DMCs  I don't believe you should hold a mic and rolled up with a bus full of friend that think alike  I'm having a hard time trying to keep it simple just for the fuckers that don't seem to read between the ripples  It's all nipples and clits in this rap shit, catch a licking if you lay back passive bastard  It's like that y'all, it's like that y'all, art imitates life than most of it it's wack y'all  You gotta learn how to read the info the individual provides they probably won't dig me 'till I've died Die.. (Repeat 9x) Dead, ha.. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Atmosphere Album: Industrial Warfare (1998) Song:	Travel (Remix) Typed by: pinoywyteboy@operamail.com * * send corrections to the typist Yo we travel like the wind across the rotten fruited plain We travel like the blood that surrounds your brain Atmosphere has landed, demandin that we raise the curve Expand the kingdom, all heads of the earth [Slug] Once in a great while one has the heart to approach us but usually comes up close, he didn't know who it was the name travels further than the face he did not recognize the profile only saw an mc for him to waste but no child, that ain't the case go find yourself a cause I take advantage of your flawsand climb into yo drawers now didit damage your jaws when it dropped and hit the pavement it shot, thats why they keep me locked underneath the basement alot letting me out jus to eat and shit and ever so often jus to keep me fit they gimme a new mc to rip to pieces grip their neck, release is out of the question maybe theyll let me out if I make a good impression so please don't make it personal when I flush me through your vains consider youself a big part of that great mc food chain and take your spot in the circle with pride reps die,with dignity if you let em and when they do,i respect them, welcome the cure for your suffering, tell them it's pure no subtle hints of weak substances cuttin it I chuckle when evil and pride collide with judgement add that to your buzz and the results is malfunction no longer should I listen to your babble too many coming off the deep end where it's steady, stream, and shallow I have no remorse for those that drop some, they all drop until then imma stay on top of heads like a bald spot We travel like the wind across the rotten fruited plain We travel like the blood that surrounds your brain Atmosphere has landed, demandin that we raise the curve so unravel your thoughts and come across in a verse [Slug] Yo I sold my car to the junk yard, couldnt fuck with the insurance gave me forty bucks, bought a bus card and lunch at bergins for fun I drain the essence from life forms of messes deal with daily stresses, and keep my mic warm with message ive learned how to hack my keys in the matter of arrogance and confidence contributing to my ego trips and accomplishments hes on some shit, no not yet, I'm jus follow my path I don't eat my words as often as I swallow my laugh apollo is back, landed on the 4-shay, and everythings okay according to commercials for the lowback yoplay and I know that theres no way to say what you need to hear so I take the long way to your brain and put some flavor in your ear like using a clever on cantalope, leave your plans at hope on the shoudler with the road-kill carcasses for those skilled smart-asses atmosphere coming clear to the ?runway to entertain? ?blast the bag? and scoop up all the brains [Chorus] - repeat 2X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Atmosphere Album: Headshots: SE7EN Song: 7th St. Entry Typed by: newos_crib_is@hotmail.com [Slug] Now see, maybe if your tag was dope I'd actually lend a little credibility to your statements But honestly, your penmanship's fucked The way I see it, someone should at least slap you for even holding a marker I hope the kid who wrote my name in the entry bathroom Has the nuts and time for us to sit and chat soon So I can ask 'em "Why the fuck am I on your mind bitch?" You could've signed it, but stayed silent cause you're spineless If you was a man, you'd come at me on the mic level But you're light yellow just like the walls on which you write fellow When I first viewed it, I'll admit it had me quite pissed But now I've accepted it, in fact I kind of like this I really wish I knew your identity Probably not even an emcee, just another who pretends to be Or maybe the jealousy of one who's baby-baby has eyes for me It's nineteen-ninety-sev', nothing surprises me Envy can make a motherfucker immature So can boredom, a buzz or the curse of being insecure C'mon now, some little trick with a marker and a chip on his shoulder don't mean shit, I want the world in my grip I bet your girl's on my dick, she digs the skills She's a bigger head than you, so give me head and head for the hills Little bitch, donkey dick sucking ass-fuck Glue sniffing, half a testicle base head selling plasma Publicity, good or bad, the same to an emcee I think I found your limits to fame over on Seventh Street I dedicate my name to those who view me as an enemy and I'ma mark the planet for every mark in the entry Entry, enter me What's funny about the whole shit is that like two, maybe three years from now You little cockroaches that talk shit about me and my crew are gonna be thanking us for kicking down the door and putting this shit on the globe Britches, y'all wanna burn bridges? Just remember in the back of your bitch mind that I'm partially responsible for anyone tryna hear your wack ass to begin with And to that child who writes about me in the Seventh Street bathroom Thanks for buying our tapes, you can size me up and I hope your first born never learns how to read Sincerely Slug, Atmosphere A subdivision of Rhymesayers Entertainment motherfucker Enter me, study me, cause I know that you know that (Eventually, suddenly) Size me up Enter me, study me, cause I know that you know that (Eventually, suddenly) Size me up Enter me, study me, cause I know that you know that (Eventually, suddenly) Size me up Enter me, study me, cause I know that you know that (Eventually, suddenly) (Eventually, you will suddenly see  a fist to your jaw, a clap in that ass) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Atmosphere Album: Headshots: Se7en Song: Multiples Reprise (Remix) 97 Typed by: deleriousdestiny@hotmail.com (woman singing) You can hear the clock inside the ticking and tocking Repeat 7x (fading out) (man speaking) So you see sir, my deck of cards serves me as a bible An alamanac...and a prayer book My friends this story is true I know I was that soldier [Slug] I use to know this kid named Jesse He could get wild on the mic but his lifestyle was sketchy, Always messy You could catch him on the corner of 19th and 3rd Until the cops caught him first, with pockets of rocks and herb But there was once this cat name Ivan, he was the man get the digits from your bitch before you could say pussy diving Driving home drunk from the front one night he tied his '84 Tempo round a street light Me and Mike Remember that scary chick Caroline Very careful when you met her cause you knew she fucked with heroin Mother of two, no one knew, because the twins stayed with her mom but when they finally found the bitch still had the twist round her arm Shit, I can't forget about that big kid Gino fucking diesel, do damn near anything for a seno His older sister talked his twisted ass into killing Steves girl so she could get with Steve faster Oh yea, speaking of Steves girl, the one that Gino killed her name was Phadra, she use to stand on tables down at Deja Tits and clits and car payments and rent and emcee seek tuition (chorus) And this goes to those of y'all that wanna fuck my girl or be down with my crew, or be part of my world Be leary of what you wish for cause its more than rhymes and good times behind this door Oh yo yo-yo-yo-yo yo I know this kid named Moses Use to buy all the tapes and say that Headshots was the dopest When up for raping a chick in a mall parking lot Now I hope he gets a dick and broomstick in every orifice Free Love Thats what Heather use to say but when I took her up on it, she said that she was gay Well, wait a minute, why you shake your ass to any cat with a link looked me in me eye, smiled and said Free Drinks! My man Todd had a tight studio up inside his home and if you had some coke you could come and bless the microphone Starting selling equipment to fill the pipe fuck this life, Todd hung himself with a cord from that mic Cynthia wanted to travel, drive around the country left the city on a journey, came back with a junkie He use to beat her, if it wasn't physical it was mental He didn't leave her until she tried to stab him with a pencil That kid Jay he was a thief, stole bikes and cars Use to get real high and try to drive to Mars One night got hot while approaching a road block shut his eyes, hit the gas and ran right over a cop Damn! And this goes to those of y'all that wanna fuck my girl or be down with my crew, or be part of my world Be leary of what you wish for cause its more than rhymes and good times behind this door Its the blood clot blues, the gun-shot wounds the needles and spoons, doomed from the womb til the tomb For whom the bell tolls, this will pay for the toll free calls made underage, she said that Jesus gave her AIDS Now and days the life of fuck follows folks in my city and some flip their trucks over center meridians Some do their drugs to float above the stress and some overdose so they can finally rest Many walk around like they blind to the mishap talk-show gospel, smell the tic-tacs and Simulax Six pack to make the good and bad balance Walking tall is a gift and steady breathing is a challenge Adaption, domesticated bitch to your surroundings you quit singing along but the ball kept bouncing Now we keep to self and step over the vermon found me sleeping in a pool of my own sweat and urine I'm determined to find a path so I can leave you all I miss the rise and I ain't trying to see the fall So this goes to those that trying to rest in peace save me a seat and we'll play chess when I get released And this goes to those of y'all that wanna fuck my girl or be down with my crew, or be part of my world Be leary of what you wish for cause its more than rhymes and good times behind this door These are people who tried, tried These are people who tried, tried These are people who tried, tried All my friends, they tried.. (man speaking) So you see sir, my deck of cards serves me as a bible An alamanac...and a prayer book My friends this story is true I know I was that soldier The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Atmosphere f/ Sess Album: Headshots: SE7EN Song: Funny Colors In My Mushroom Trails Typed by: kill4747@hotmail.com [Sess] Oh my God.. What's going on? Oh no... Oh why, did I try, to take that whole quarter-pound of philablue psilocybin? Now, I've been trippin' for about ninety-six hours I devoured the whole bag  and I feel I'm about to gag And to the porcelain goddess Honestly, my eyes are swollen red I took four gallons of OJ to the head Now I'm more than half dead More like ho dead, undead walkin zombie banshee Antsy from all these vital ticks and twitches Wishes of new visuals An individual light streams to stop they crews And all these creams and blues and mabs, guavas, lime greens I've seen less strange things in a scream kaleidoscope I've tried to cope with the trips, but it just makes it worse Cause if ya try to concentrate you envision yourself up in a hearse Or even worse, insects crawling in swarms it's a riot The ceilings melting at the Hyatt Why don't you try it... Why don't you try it... [Slug] I took the advice gobbled heads and stems Swallowed vitamin-C grapefruit liquid just to cleans My phlegm it's been half an hour since I ate 'em I still can't lose the aftertaste from the bloomers Tell me why did I take 'em My man told me I would dig 'em Asked me to roll with em I did 'em Now I'm a victim Stomach getting sick from the tightness It's like a vice grips, aaaahhh, why do you like this? Somebody turn on the lightswitch, aaaahhh How'd you talk slug into fucking with this drug Shit's stuck between my teeth And I'm breakin nuts anticipating the buzz And then the hot flash hit like the sun Honestly, I wanted to be done My man promised me it would be fun Did I eat too many? Did I jump in too fast? How long's this shit last? Everyone take off ya mask, I lost my grasp I don't mean to eat and run on the 16th pound But fuck that, I'm outta here Barefoot, January, Lake street, eastbound ...Why don't you try it? Using our 21th century, uh, concepts we would say he'd either was demented or schizophrenic. Uh, he has clearly the symptoms of a delirious state. There's a great disturbance of affects including fear and rage. He has intimate periods of being incoherent and irrational and he hallucinates, uh, he has loosen intervals. ...He misidentifies people around him, he even has moments of being uncertain about himself. As his characteristic of delirium, uh.. It's associated with fever he lapses, then, into a deep sleep which he recovers with a  apparent return of irrational faculties. ...Why don't you try it? The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Atmosphere Album: Headshots: SE7EN Song: Dubs Typed by: newos_crib_is@hotmail.com [Chorus: Beyond] + (Slug) Beyond and Slug got the shit you love So go to your tape store and pick up the dub It's the barge baby (you can touch it if you want) It's the barge baby (yo, yo, you can touch it if you want) [Beyond] + (Slug) Yo, check it out After I lacerate, what you think you coming back to take? You aggravate tryna bite me, but I don't feel it My philosophy is to keep all the lock and keys Everything I got, conceal it, so they don't steal it I'm stuck in poverty, but I keeps my head banging So my kind of life keeps me aware of the trifling (Bitch, you bitch) Is that the only thing you pay attention to? And if it wasn't then I probably wouldn't mention you It's like that, listen (money) now to flock in But I told you (use your brains) my SoundScan's dropping There's only two options, huh, die while grovelling or be a man and stand to these bitches and coward men Now and then it's gonna happen, you can believe me So retreat before the barge comes to street sweep Slug and Beyond, thus dawn of the end Snatch your family, your friends before the monster's descend We've been planning to take the world for a long time now (It's time now) so all opposition lie down I'm dying to plague the world and every city and angel Let's come in this pretty girl's face, and then jet [Slug] + (Beyond) First to beat the uncertainty Working the verses free for the purpose provided by props Personally, I never gave a fuck for the mucky murky mass that you're walking through (to get some pudding) Been standing here for eternity, for a damn long time, forever Somehow my patience grew muscular Must be a side effect to the mental exorcism Maintain, warm up this torn up brain Strain, struggle, painkilling guzzle End in poison, just to push the progress of the puzzle And I'm looking for a quarter-piece, got the corner pieces perfect Forcing me to see there's more than meets the surface Mercy me, check the level of the mercury Must begot the fever man, my helmet really hurting me Circuitry twisted by a bitch named greed Now all proceeds is going to smoking more weed Please, you need to force-feed your head and set your sights straight ahead and hit warp speed instead of the foreseeable hate that you've got aimed at my crew Pull your noble gown and get your shit together [Chorus: Beyond] + (Slug) Beyond and Slug's got the shit you love So go to your tape store and pick up a dub It's the barge baby (you can touch it if you want to) It's the barge baby (you can touch it if you want to) Yo, Beyond and Slug's got the shit you love So go to your tape store and pick up a dub It's the barge baby (you can touch it if you want to) It's the barge baby (yo, you can touch it if you want to) [Beyond] + (Slug) What you thinking? Wait a minute y'all, don't answer me Cause by chance you'll be, the same as the other ones I'd love come out and play with you, waste a day with you But something's fucking up my life, I gotta say it's you In a day or two, hopefully I'll be away from you You're too dumb to see the roadway that I've been taking you Blow away the ashes, throw away the trash kid Everlasting to be the ones forever blasting (Yo, yo, we crashing that party on the north side) (Tryna have that shit the dame day as ours?) Look at how they played their cards Quarterly, all you little bitches better report to me This is our city, I ain't playing or you'll see (Take off your bra) Or you'll see (Okay now bend over) Or you'll see [Chorus: Beyond] + (Slug) Beyond and Slug got the shit you love So go to your tape store and pick up a dub It's the barge baby (you can touch it if you want to) It's the barge baby (yo, you can touch it if you want to) Beyond and Slug's got the shit you love So go to your tape store and pick up a dub It's the barge baby (you can touch it if you want to) It's the barge baby (yo, you can touch it if you want to) Beyond and Slug's got the shit you love So go to your tape store and pick up a dub It's the barge baby (yo, you can touch it if you want to) They be asking (yo, you can touch it if you want to) They be asking (you can touch it if you want to) They be asking (you can touch it if you want to) (Yo, you can touch it if you want to) (Yo, you can put your hand down my pants) (Rhymesayers, big dicks, big dicks) (We got room for all y'all to fit) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Atmosphere f/ Extreme Album: Headshots: SE7EN Song: Substance Abuse Typed by: kill4747@hotmail.com [Spawn] When you die what you own on Earth won't be coming with you So all that fat shit you've got, I ain't trippin that ain't an issue If you've got vibes, on a cool level we can talk, but if you live lies through material-fertilized eyes and fantasize then walk I use my vocals like chalk to sketch the picture you can see it See unfold what I thought in my mind when I free it Did the swallow get caught? Yo, does your throat feel tight? Do you see what can happen when Atmosphere grabs the mic? Just a word for you it's funny and I think you caught its fever All that shit you watch on TV has made you a believer You don't have to like me, bitch, cause I don't really like you either I don't care if you're rich, I had your girl, and I'mma leave her Word, I'm eager, to disrespect the petty thoughts of many reps As I take steps and climb and leave footprints on your mind I've designed my own lifestyle words and vowels instead of rifals And hang out with rhyme pals who tower like the Eiffel... [Chorus 2x] A lot of things change and some things don't A lot of people fall off and some say they won't That's right (That's right) That's right (That's right)  Cause we'll fuck up your life like a crack pipe [Extreme] It's the TC's original b-boy Extreme So when a nigga calls next you better pick your team I hit the seam like double stitch, twitch and get bent A Rhymesayer, nothing less than one hundred percent You cats are far from inventive, cool and calm I destruct an angled emcee before the touch of dawn My wand be makin niggas go poof with smoke Nothing left but Adidas, X ain't no joke I'm not out to get the quote of the month Fuck a stunt I'd rather grab the microphone and give you what you want Opposite of a flaunt cause my shits bang hard Yeah, you bust, but I'm black jack you pulled the wrong card There may be one too many I give you plenty like excessive If you're wack and grab the mic you end up in a state of depressive- -Ness yes, couldn't pass the test with a calculator Rhymes like piranha, beat designed by the ANTinator A hater? Never, I just wait till you're tired And then I give your ass a ticket cause that last shit's expired Better yet tired, cause your position's been terminated Wack niggas bug me like pests and get exterminated [Chorus 2x] A lot of things change and some things don't A lot of people fall off and some say they won't That's right (That's right) That's right (That's right)  Cause we'll fuck up your life like a crack pipe [Slug] (Yo yo yo) Wanted to see if it was alive, started poking it (Pokin it!) How could it survive when you're chokin it? (Chokin it!) When I can get a firm grip, I'm holdin it (Holdin it!) And when I'm broke, I wear my girls deodorant Wait, did I say my girl? I meant my pimp Cause she's the one with the money, and she walks with a limp And honey, if you wanna purr you gotta register with her Cause she gets ninety-five percent before any events occur Sir, your self-imploding ego is adorable Word, but your immature stee-lo is ignorable I don't know, maybe I'm just getting too old to flow How much more must I invent before you seek retirement? Repent and tell God that you feel shitty bout your actions Bent in the back and I can only blame my passions Well rounded relapses kept me at a fraction When the wind died I found myself spread across the Tascam How much thought did you put into that verse you brought? What made you think I wasn't gonna mock? Put a fucking tube sock In that hole because I think it started to leak Take two dicks and call me in a week [Chorus 2x] A lot of things change and some things don't A lot of people fall off and some say they won't That's right (That's right) That's right (That's right)  Cause we'll fuck up your life like a crack pipe Asswipe! *They're all talking over the beat* [Chorus 2x] A lot of things change and some things don't A lot of people fall off and some say they won't That's right (That's right) That's right (That's right)  Cause we'll fuck up your life like a crack pipe Asswipe! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Murs & Slug Album: Felt 2: A Tribute to Lisa Bonet Song: Employees of the Year Typed by: pbwlf@yahoo.com [Slug] The employees of the year, now we back to work We took time off, a couple feelings got hurt Due to the fact that we never stand still The ones that can't catch, the ones that can't kill I dedicate this to the cats that don't feel Felt Medidate get the head straight trying to be well Celebrate life and crash with no seatbelt Slit both wrists so act like you need help [Murs] What you say girl? I can't hear you, speak up Stuck between your lips and them two B cups Fifty bucks in the dice game Rollin' with seven and the legend and we twice came And you know what they hittin' for 56 cities, one van, and we getting dough Call your girls make plans you can hit the show Tell your man in advance he can hit the door [Slug] Honey wanna move like she knows moves And in a roller coat suit with a coke spoon I'm not as young as I look girl, I'm old-school Somewhere between Pro Tools and a gold tooth I show you to act like you supposed to So cool, coast-to-coast, who's that crunk foo'? Standing on the block leaning on the phone booth Trying to squeeze a rock to make this orange juice Little Man seas, ? From the 215 to the 213 It goes a little something from some real emcees Not fellas (not gangstas) on a killing spree Shoot, my rap sheet is filled with similes And if you bite then death be the penalty But don't worry about my style because it's been O.G. You make your girlfriend wanna rub her skin on me [Chorus: Murs & Slug] C'mon, put my picture on the wall for all to see When you want it done right then call me Guaranteed to come tight and flawlessly The employees of the year, ain't nobody as raw as we Put my picture on the wall for all to see When you want it done right then call me Guaranteed to come tight and flawlessly The employees of the year, ain't nobody as raw as we [Slug] Yo, ticky ticky tick tick tick tick ticky tick Thug white girls suburban black hippie chick Punk rock straight hedge hip-hop pot head Invite 'em all over for a moshpit in my bed (C'mon) Right blow to the left speaker The people cold get dumb in front of the sub teacher Now hold it run don't let it touch the ground And you know it's done when the cops cut the sound [Murs] What else could they say to these underground duns? Known for eating guppies that clutter all ponds Free-flowin' on them beats that you sutterin' on (My man Ant made the jams that we butterin' on) Breakfast coast (Midwestern coast) Minogue and Austin (Texas toast) Whatever dude (I'ma do it this Fall) Beatin' down your block knockin' pictures off the wall [Chorus: Murs & Slug] C'mon, put my picture on the wall for all to see When you want it done right then call me Guaranteed to come tight and flawlessly The employees of the year, ain't nobody as raw as we Put my picture on the wall for all to see When you want it done right then call me Guaranteed to come tight and flawlessly The employees of the year, ain't nobody as raw as we The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Murs & Slug Album: Felt Vol 2: A Tribute to Lisa Bonet Song: Your Mans and Them Typed by: pbwlf@yahoo.com [Murs] Nah, that's that one dude that nobody ask to come through No matter what he does it always comes off rude Excuse my good etiquette, But somebody better get this foo' out my face Cause if don't nobody tell him shit I'ma snatch the bitch and start to wrinkle up his school clothes Imagine if I had to sink my fist into this foo's nose There goes another story, straight to the rumour mill Murs is acting up again, somebody tell this dude to chill [Slug] Hey dog, say dog, what's up with your guy? At the bar acting hard he's a magnet for a busted eye I know you vouch for him, I vouch for you But if they slap the bout it bout it out his mouth What you gonna do? He passed his limitations, testing people's patience An L.A. minute away from dramatization If his confidence expands I don't know if we should back him up Consequence lands upon the man child that's acting up [Chorus: Murs & Slug] Hold up, see that pool of vomit that your standing in? Yea that's your mans and them, what's up with your mans and them? Do you hear the squad cars, do you hear the ambulance? Yea that's your mans and them, what's up with your mans and them? Talked all that shit when he was drunk, now he panickin' Yea that's your mans and them, what's up with your mans and them? Some still can't handle the act of balance And yea that's your mans and them, what's up with your mans and them? [Slug] Hey man I saw your ex-wifey at the bar last night And I don't know if you don't know you better have don't act right She's on her own pace, masterpiece painted face Makes me wonder how them fuck me boots stay laced I wouldn't watch her as far as I can cost her Stag a drunk sex toy all that she can offer You oughtta stop her before she finds the hard way Grows another scar, or finds herself in harm's way [Murs] Hey foo', you talk to your little sister? I seen her at the club with the wrong group of misters 6' 4", gang signs, guns up in they waistline I know that's how you used to do it Back in the day, fine But she don't need to grow up with the same type of hard-heads Think she a blood cause her boyfriend's car red Actin' like she hard, miss big bad slap a bitch Think they got her back but to them she just some ass and tits [Chorus: Murs & Slug] Hold up, see that pool of vomit that your standing in? Yea that's your mans and them, what's up with your mans and them? Do you hear the squad cars, do you hear the ambulance? Yea that's your mans and them, what's up with your mans and them? Talked all that shit when he was drunk, now he panickin' Yea that's your mans and them, what's up with your mans and them? Some still can't handle the act of balance And yea that's your mans and them, what's up with your mans and them? The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Murs & Slug Album: Felt 2: A Tribute to Lisa Bonet Song: Lisa (Never Easty on My Nextel) Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com {phone rings} [Murs ("Lisa")] Oh.. (Hey!) Waddup? (Hey..) What are you doing? (...Nothing) Did you go to school this morning? {*in a sassy tone*} (Yes, I went to school this morning!) {*shocked*} Don't get no attitude with me! Why you rasing your voice? Use your inside voice when you talk to me, don't do that (...Anyway!) Did you come to gracefully bein my L.A. pussy tonight? (MURS...) What? (...Shut up!) You love me, you nice (Shut - up! ...Anyway...) Anyway...whatever; what's crackin? (What are you doing?) I'm in the studio, yo-you alright? You miss me? You want me to come home? (...Not really!) Not really? I wanna come home to my L.A. pussy! (You know what?! If you don't stop callin me that!...) *laughs* I'm just fuckin wit you, I'm sorry I just wanna get you mad so you can get Easty, that's all I just wanted to bring the Crenshaw High out in you (I'm never Easty) You're NEVER Easty Why you deny your heritage and your Crenshaw roots? You shouldn't, you shouldn't you shouldn't be ashamed of that That's all, that's...That's why you're so special to me (Heh, 'cause I, talk ghetto at times?) Yeah, 'cause you're a lil' Easty, 'cause you're a little ghetto at times and it makes me smile for the little bit of ghetto in me Anyway...Alright, I was just checkin in (Alright, daddy!) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Murs & Slug Album: Felt 2: A Tribute to Lisa Bonet Song: Morris Day Typed by: sensative_new_age_guy@hotmail.com [Verse 1: Slug] Stepped inside this depth of a dive with nothing but my breath and this rep that I'm riding Check around the room to get a fresh look Most these names already in the guest book So I'm gonna sit on my stool and sip solo The missing half of a stack of ripped photos If she don't know so, the odds of blowing up Watch the word work, the gods are growing up I never had trouble with the lovable Walk down that hill and fuck all the buffalo And by the time I get done with the small town Ashes of bridges and all the walls fall down Sitting in the middle of dialogue I know I'm not the brightest star Otherwise I'd probably be one foot out the front entrance Before one sentence even starts breathin - I'm leavin' Don't need another reason to carry guilt But she got a fair grill and she very built Plus I like her smile and her eyes are wild Should I try to aspire you to write my style Hold up - you can't take every 20 something back to the lab just to jelly up her belly button No thank you, my name is Sean Here's a dollar for the jukebox - go play my song [Chorus] {X2} Cause this type of shit happens every day We all go to heaven, even enemies may You better stay in your place where the memories play I'm just trying to live life cool - Morris Day [Verse 2: Murs] IOn the B L O C, laying low key Hair gettin' braided whilst I'm talking to the homie Old Gee, standing in the corner not talking The little homie's sister wanna borrow my walkman It's front yard politics, we talk a lot of shit Who we wanna fight, broads that we're trying to hit Kinda get bored so we bail to the store Then we back, posted up for a few hours more Now the homeboy cousin bring his ass down stairs Tryin' to spark some convo, but don't nobody cares Neither life or a square, I'm not even lookin' No respect on the block cos he a mark n a hoodie And I know this fool gonna say something sideways The homeboy just start him out last Friday Twenty years old, getting punked every Friday Think that he hard cos he dips on the ?YA? But my crew don't play, no time for discussion Kept talkin' shit so my homeboy rushed him Stomped him out in the grass 'til he had a concussion Take ya ass in the house fool. don't say nuttin' As he walked up the stairs heard him cry through the screen door Sucker ass chump, what he tryin' to make a scene for Know that he heard me cos the window was open So I talked even louder and we kept on jokin' [Chorus] {X4} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Murs & Slug Album: Felt 2: A Tribute to Lisa Bonet Song: Dirty Girl Typed by: sensative_new_age_guy@hotmail.com [Verse 1: Slug] I love you like a rap kid loves breaks [Chorus: Slug] Dirty, dirty, you're such a dirty girl yeah Dirty, dirty, you're such a dirty girl yeah Dirty, dirty, you're such a dirty girl yeah Dirty, dirty, you're such a dirty girl yeah [Verse 1: Slug] Came to get an oil-change for my girlfriends car But by the time I left I was short of breath and brokenhearted (there she was) There she was, bent over a motor Dirty cap with a pony tail that sat between her shoulders (beautiful) With an oil streak that must have kissed your cheekbone Thick and volumtuous I wish that we could be alone (I would love to) I would love to, touch you, rub you See whats covered up under that greasy blue jumpsuit (come on) Standin there holding that drippin dipstick With a firm grip, yet so delicate And the way you took that orange oil rag and wiped it clean It's guaranteed to get repeated in my dreams You make me wild feels like puppy love Got so lost in your smile when you asked me what the mileage was And if I ever leaned how to change my own oil Promise you this customer is gonna remain so loyal (dirty girl) [Chorus: Slug] Dirty, dirty, you're such a dirty girl yeah Dirty, dirty, you're such a dirty girl yeah Dirty, dirty, you're such a dirty girl yeah Dirty, dirty, you're such a dirty girl yeah [Verse 2: Murs] Now there's this hamburger stand thirty minutes out of town Used to go for the best veggie burgers around That was until I met this brown guaranteed to astound Short order chef eyes deeper than sound She wore a dirty green apron like a silk nightgown Them cappuccino fingernails wrote my order down Three dots tattood between her thumb and her index Twenty-four waste held the holster for the windex Heat from the grill made her mascara drip The sweat on her face showed the fuzz on her lip Them work pants couldn't hide the love in them hips Call it bad taste but this girl was the shit It's the way that hair net kinda covered up her ear Had me askin why the fuck she was even workin' here But next time I get hungry I'ma drive to pasadina 'Cause I just gotta see her, me linda cocina [Chorus: Slug] Dirty, dirty, you're such a dirty girl yeah Dirty, dirty, you're such a dirty girl yeah Dirty, dirty, you're such a dirty girl yeah Dirty, dirty, you're such a dirty girl yeah Dirty, dirty, you're such a dirty girl yeah Dirty, dirty, you're such a dirty girl yeah "I been staring at you for awhile" {X4} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Murs & Slug Album: Felt Vol 2: A Tribute to Lisa Bonet Song: Early Mornin' Tony Typed by: pbwlf@yahoo.com [Slug] Seven in the morning police at my door But I spent last night on someone else's floor Out the back window didn't know where I was I was still kinda buzzed with a head full of drugs [Murs] Lookin at my Nixon and it's about that time To go and save the world from the daily grind Speakin' of which, I gotta hit the OC For a quick sess through my skate park OG's Oh please, this is still mere city Wanna check my street cred go ahead come get me On the block like mopeds or the threads on your Dickies And I wrote code red off the hair so swiftly Stole the scribbles show Man had the feds go get me Still got head from your thoroughbred No hickies, oh really? Throw a veil on your Philly Took pictures of a crack like that bell out in Philly Had to kick out my tail cause she smelled like Billy Smoking blunts with the breath, so stale it could've killed me Silly quick-witted when I spit the shit get it I mean sit kitted, I mean, aw shit It's amazing I remember all the different shit I'm into I try to stay focused on getting legal tender Gotta stay on the grind cause if the legends get signed Gotta split that dough between 8 7 6 5 [Slug] 4 and 3 and 2 and 1 And when I'm on the mic, the women come Down with A N T Murs and you're not And I got more rhymes than California got cops [Murs] Nine the mornin' police at my door Tryin' to wonder what the fuck they want to talk to me for She said she wanted money for some fundraiser shit I slammed the door in her face and said "Fuck you bitch!" [Slug] Lookin at my Nixon and it's about that time For me to light another cigaratte and settle my mind Footsoldier, been waiting for the took over Probably won't be getting naked if she looks over I'm a primate with pimp-like mind state Raising the curb to make contemporaries irate Still obsessed with your breasts and your fishnet Beating on my thin chest screaming out "Mid West!" My nature is to make you a believer On your stereo receiver or your barely legal beaver Buzzin' overhead spittin' fly game Nowadays cats be getting paid and layed up off of my name Wait a minte, take a number Made a visit to your village with this fresh baked biscuit And stayed consistent Breaking in the heads ain't as difficult When half of them are trippin' over how they missed the boat The key is controlled but your flow is contrived Keep it in my soul take it with when I die Plug that mic in and let heaven get live Turn a groupie into an angel when she 8 7 6 5 [Murs] 4 and 3 and 2 and 1 And when I'm on the mic all your homegirls come Down with A N T Slug and you're not And I got more rhymes than rappers who got shot The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Murs & Slug Album: Felt 2: A Tribute to Lisa Bonet Song: Breaker Down Like a Shotgun Typed by: blackbronco@gmail.com * * send corrections to the typist [Murs] Do it with me Sean, come on [Murs & Slug] Girl let me break you down like a shotgun [Murs] Not the Crip gang Grab you by your hips sayin' Pull you towards me Kind of softly But do it hard until you screaming "Get off me!" But I won't stop, until you go pop Orgasm have you screaming out your throat box Now your legs shake, potty vibrate Cause I'm swinging this dick like a primate Now she irate, cause I won't stay I got 56 shows I got to go play She saying no way, she got to cut her off Then I see her backstage sucking Lucky off?! What the fuck Sean, where'd I go wrong? Should've kept it dark-skinned with no blondes But these white girls, they got ass too Still a sucker for a broad with some tattoos So I had to, man I'm so silly Excerising now a little pussy won't kill me Rephrase that, cause I stay strapped Nowadays you never know where the (A's?) at [Hook: Slug & Murs] A piece of me will always be inside of you You're so sweet I'm gonna keep my eye on you Come with me let me show you what I like to do Girl let me break you down like a shotgun 2X [Slug] Girl take your clothes off, its getting hot in hurr Sign on the door knob, it says do not disturb What, you looking at me like I'm bullshitting Lose the thong and move around now so I can see the full kitten Meow and purr while I seek out your curves Take a hold of your controls and re-route the earth This kid'll make you feel as fit as a fiddle and treat every inch of your body like an invisible nipple I know the pieces that need attention, relieve you of your weapons Get undressed and dive deep into the estrogen Feeling apprehension is unacceptable I keep you comfortable enough to love your sexual festival Let me put you on a pedestal, in bed I get medical Excercise breathe control, cause everything is edible What, you ain't never felt a tounge there? Remove your underwear and tell your friends that nobody compares Who's the new mack, I only spit true facts Probably ain't the best but I bet I'm the best you've had It's all fun now that the sun's down Come around girl help me break the shotgun down now [Hook] [Murs] Down ass bitches from Winsconsin (Winsconsin!) Never did give her this johnson (johnson!) But I really wish I did cause she looked that good Talking in my top 10 man I put that on the hood [Slug] Round two shotgun clean and re-cocked Teach some simple sign language to your g-spot Locked, stock, and two smoking cigarettes But first let me finish with some clitoris stimulant [Murs] I got this punk rock chick with these tattooed hands She dresses kind of wierd, she a Atmosphere fan Says she love Seven, never been with the Legend So I took her to my room and layed her down for a blessing Session was impression, open to suggestion Had to kick her out because she ask to many questions "Whats Ant like?", "What's Slug's favorite movie?" Shot my load in her mouth and screamed "Fuck you Lucy" [Slug] Bedroom, backseats, park bench, motels So much heaven I know I'm going to hell I said "Oh Lordy, I've been so dirty, so naughty" She looked me up and down and said "Don't worry, you go shorty" Call me the gardener I take care of the yard spending hours on the bushes and the flowers Fuck shaving it, I like your little rainforest Makes me want to write a million songs with the same chorus [Hook] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Murs & Slug Album: Felt 2: A Tribute to Lisa Bonet Song: Marvin Gaye Typed by: sensative_new_age_guy@hotmail.com [Verse 1: Murs] Now my heart is a pure as Sanyika Shakur Homegrown in the crips, a gangbangers galore Set sail for many shores, still a product of war Shell shocked from the block, rock hard to the core Though I tried to give you more on this mic when I spitting this List some nines, some techs and some abject living I'ma have that ribbon in the sky wrapped around my finger as a reminder of times, kind of when love lingered Singer, songwriter, smooth talker, street figher Hauling heavy words to make the beat seem lighter I'ma writer of riches rippin, rebelling the system Repellin rep because I rejected what's in em Persecution of your peers is the violence of business So them in-crowd functions, I would never attend them By myself, backpack, dreadlocks and some denim I was never deemed down cos I dared to be different I used to go out to them partys, get weeded and stand around Cause I was too nervous to be myself and get down Now it's no more standing my back up against the wall I got myself together, now I'm ready to ball "Bring out the love in me" I wake up every morning My mission: fulfill the dream I wake myself upon the decision: to kill the scream To kill the screen I wake up every morning My mission: fulfill the dream I wake myself upon the decision: to kill the scream [Verse 2: Slug] I still hear it ringing in my ears when the light's on Tighten the hold and light the bowl of this pipe bomb See the dawn, self worth turned to earth It's my song but I'm still trying to learn the words Passion excessive, passive agressive The first one to strike, the last one to exit Castles unprotected, capture the princess Fasten the seatbelt, drive and count the inches Not so sure mom would be proud if she knew how many times I've had to hide from these clouds Don't really know if Jacob would understand how daddy uses women to make him feel like a man Open apology for anyone who follows me Didn't realise I was a self-made power freak When I get home I put it back together Filled up the void, sewn up the sever And her tears keep raining on the pillows that I pillage But it's still entertaining alcoholics in my village And when I'm finished, I'm sitting in silence Just me in the corner of the room whistling my shit Fulfill the dream - to kill the scream The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Murs & Slug Album: Felt 2: A Tribute to Lisa Bonet Song: Life Vegas Typed by: djfozzy@adelphia.net [Murs] Left the house at 10:50 bout to hit Sin City In a new rental car With a broad spinnin with me Drove past Whiskey Beats, right past Primadonna What's about to go down I could never tell my momma No drama, just fun, getting drunk, yelling "Shotgun!" Club of Kings, I'm already on one And I won't pass out, I can drink for days Catch me at 7am still dancing at Dre's [Slug] Boom! Ya heard!? BOOM BA BOOM From the moon to noon we consume the room From july to june, from womb to ya doom Come groom this tune if not now, then soon Talking to a chick with a purse full of black chips About a half a glass before a mattress Cigarrette ashes in her lap and a drunk laugh Sloppy kisses offerin a tongue bath [Chorus 2X] The city that stays up all night, it's alright Everyone wants their name up in tour lights Hold 'em! Roll dice! Hit me! Place it! Live by chance, life is like Vegas! [Slug] It's hotter than my bathtub water Don't know yet? You better ask your daughter Glance around and take in the festive Hands down, from the crib to the deathbed Las Vegas, where the long legs is Looked through the Ace of Spades just to baitfish Send a lucky hustler back to basics Or load 'em up with enough to crash the gate with [Murs] Now Southwest got tickets going for the right price And this MC won't miss no flight Gotta holla at B, so hip-hop sight I'ma need that cheese so the trip go right Headin to the Octagon for some UFC Me and homeboy D U S T 3G's cash and a card on me We bout to blow it up for the 213 [Murs] Now what happens in Vegas, you ain't supposed to tell But I was front row seats watchin Dave Chappelle Mandalya Bay, fool! At the House of Blues! Didn't gamble that day, couldn't stand to lose Mouth full of booze and I'm headed out to Cheetah's Bought to get a lap dance from a skin tight diva Bought to make a rap fan out this midnight creature That's dressed like a school girl with plans for the teacher [Slug] She's startin' to yell again! Its time to get lost! Why not? Already made the dick soft Caught the next flight, passed out at lift off Back at the tribe where the shit's tossed Cause the big boss is pissed off Tipped off by a thick jawed pit boss With one finger bit off They were gettin ripped off Fit for a quick loss, tricked off Hittin off the top of the fish sauce [Slug] You gotta feel this modern vaudeville Tall on pills sugar walls get filled It's all built for the dismantled Like the room gets billed for the sex channel Somewhere in the middle of nowhere The winds that blow there That ain't got no cares Keep the drinks full Shoes laced up Life Vegas, is what it's made of [Murs] Shopped at Ceasar's, maxed out Visas Hard liquor shots till I caught amnesia Rio, Bally's, Mustang Sally's The reason L.L. never made it back to Cali Gourmet foods, buffet booze Where hookers don't hesitate to scuff their shoes Everyone has a price, everything is for sale Where it's hot as fuck, but fun as hell [Murs, yelling] VEGAS, BABY! YES! This fucking song makes me wanna stop what I'm fucking doing and go right now! If you're not 21. you don't know shit bout life till you been to VEGAS! Everyone else on the strip right now is at Cheetah's Slug, get in the car! We gotta pick up Ant! I'm gonna start smoking cigarettes again, I'm gonna start drinking again, just for this shit Naw, its none of your business, what happens in Vegas stays in Vegas Shut the fuck up. VEGAS! YEAAAH! I LOVE IT! JACKPOT! Comp? Put it on my room. I'm outta here, I'm going to Vegas! TURN IT UP! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: MURS & Slug Album: Felt 2: A Tribute to Lisa Bonet Song: Bonet (Concrete Angels) Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com {phone rings} [Slug ("Bonet")] (Hello?) Hello (Yes?) Hi, it's Sean (Oh, hey wassup?) What's goin on? (Ummmm, nothing! What are you, doing tonight?) Umm, I'm at the studio right now I don't know how late were gonna be here Um, I don't know, why, what's going on? (I don't know, I just wanted to, take you home and do you some food) Uh... (Something...) Hey, you know...[*echoes*] Let me get sum'hin out of the way, cause I'm a neurotic fuck I'm like this, um... (Uh-huh!) Like, the other night when you called, you were like.. "I think you should take me out", smiling and all that And it just kinda freaked me out a little bit, 'cause... (WHY? *echoes*) Well, 'cause, you know I'm not like, hittin on you, younahmean? I'm kinda in love with somebody, I just thought you were like, cool and shit So is, is that cool? (Yeah, that's fine!) Um, sure? (YEA! *echoes*) Damn, I wanted you to be pissed off (WHY?! *echoes*) Because I wanted you to want me to hit on you *giggle* (Oh I, I do, but if you're not gonna, that's fine, too) See now I'm torn, what am I supposed to do? (I, I don't know) Let me go get a coin to flip (Huh?) Naw, I'm joking! But uh, what you doing tonight?) (Sights is hopping sometimes, I don't know...) Well, you got no ideas for tonight? So you just want me to call you if I get outta here and jussssst, see what time we'll go catch a beer or some shit like that? (Yea, I'm probably gona be done before then, like 8:00, 8:30) Okay, will you wear all black? (YEA! *echoes*) Thanks..I'll call you back (Bye!) Bye...*echoes* The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Murs & Slug Album: Felt 2: A Tribute to Lisa Bonet Song: Woman Tonight Typed by: crazy4jercy@hotmail.com Be my woman tonight Just ain't feelin' right Be my woman tonight Just ain't feelin' right [Slug] Hey lady, I don't mean to be so forward But I got no other choice, soon I'll be across the border Tourmode, I'm leavin' in the AM But I wanna spend this evening breathing in ya fragrance Too long since I've seen my better half Sometimes you gotta let go, close your eyes and let it crash Road to life is the only one I have to give Lonely isn't a strong enough adjetive To describe all those nights that I've tried to grip tight I lack the necessary tools to help me get right So take your as the temporary savior While I'm looking at your face like I'll be testing on it later I bet you like to fuck, but you love to argue Poke a hole into my chest and pull my heart thru Up to my room for cigarettes and cartoons Or we could sit right here and try to guard these barstools I'll take you anyway that I can have you Bring along your ethics and your issues and your taboos It's not the standard free bird situation But your talking to these pieces of a man whose trying to make it Thru the puzzles, travels, struggles, battles The body pillow pimp trying to snuggle with my shadow We could stay proper keep the clothes on, no pressure Just hold me and pretend like you've known me forever Won't ya.. [Chorus:] Be my woman tonight Just ain't feelin' right Be my woman tonight Just ain't feelin' right [Murs] Damn, why'd she have to leave right after the show All that eyecontact made from the front row Them vibes I was getting man I thought it was a go Could used that type of company, you just don't know I been on the road for like six months straight Only two days off between all of them dates The hardest working man in the underground game Most times I'm too tired to hang around and spit game Most nights are the same, shows is just like work Leave the stage, stand around, selling merchs and shirts Then I peeked her pink skirt out the corner of my eye By the exit posted up like attack looking fly I tried to play it cool, but I coudn't pretend So I approached hella anxious with a silly ass grin She said she dropped off her friends, so we could be alone Gave her undivided attention, turned off her phone Took me out for pancakes, paid for the dinner Then took me to my room, let me watch sports center And then we made out, and then we made love And then I passed out while I got a backrub But in the middle of the night I reached for a second helpin' Got a hand full of sheets, I was all by myself an' Before you could say: 'Goddamn that sucks' Jayberg called, 'Cats van back' FUCK! [Chorus: repeat to fade] Be my woman tonight Just ain't feelin' right Be my woman tonight Just ain't feelin' right The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Murs & Slug Album: Felt 2: A Tribute to Lisa Bonet Song: Gangster Ass Anthony Typed by: Sylic40@hotmail.com, sensative_new_age_guy@hotmail.com "And maybe you've never felt the things that I've felt" [Verse 1: Slug] You can't fuck with the Felt that flow All the shit that you talking, don't help you grow Mad face, can't wait to catch a man made elbow You see me say 'hello', when I leave say 'hell no!' I'm not an asshole, I'm a perfectionist Travel the globe to have sex with pessimists My pimp, my doctor and my exorcist all suggested that we come here to wreck your shit It's the treacherous, two plus Ant If we can't do it, who the fuck can? They claim king, go and slave to the ringtone I smell pussy in the bacon that you bring home The fist-fucking dysfunction at this function is enough to justify shutting down your production Get off the mic, go straighten out ya life  for one of these mc's who puts it on your wife [Verse 2: Murs] Your girlfriend got her panties off, once again One gnawed that nasty shit that I done to her friend So once again it's on motherfucker And you won't do shit, you a bitch so fuck ya I didn't like myself this morning when I woke up So keep talking shit like I woke loc up I'm from Pico-??? we don't stop when the police come, then the heat go poppin' Now we stopping, we go in the house You can get jail time for just tryin' to show out I'm trying to roll out, no doubt Come and take your ho out Popping that junk, young punk what you know about Felt 2 me and Slug comming through When we serving these suckers like 'may I help you?' Supersize when we ride on these busters Murs two times with the L motherfucker [Verse 3: Murs] Man who the hell are you? Try'na barge through This is my episode and it don't co-star you So shut your fucking mouth if you don't know what you talking 'bout Got on your cell phone, call her, tell him Now you running my name through the mud again Who I fuck ain't none of your bussines What I lick or suck man, mind your bitchness And that's bitchness, not goodness You ain't proffesional punk, you're a pimp's assistant you ride shotgun, I try to whip fool Pussy don't drive this car, bitch dick do And if I hit you it's a knockout You strolled in but I bet you won't walk out 0-0-7-3-7-3-5-9-6-3 That's the code if you wanna fuck with me [Verse 4: Slug] You want a hit Give me a dollar plus a beer and some head Yo Ant turn up the snare till my eardrums turn red This is for my people waking up in burning beds And this is for my people waking up to earn the rent I didn't come start no messes I paid at the entrance, I wasn't on the guestlist Had a few beverage then left because the rappers, hookers and extras were unimpressive 30 something, getting closer to the turkey stuffing Dirty husband, victim of a mercy snuffing Birdy bugging on the bottom line But I'm buzzing off the wine so everything is fine Put your hands in the air like you're happy to have hands I'ma jump up and down like I'm happy to have fans Lets all stay away from the pistols aim Onto bigger things, peace to Ricky James The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Murs & Slug Album: Felt Vol 2: A Tribute to Lisa Bonet Song: The Biggest Lie Typed by: SuperstarPtZero@Gmail.com [Murs] The problem with me, is that I think too much Relying on this pen and this ink too much And I do too much, I'm always on tour Accumulating points 'til I forgot about the score And the problem with you, is you don't think at all Your brains deadweight so you sink and you fall You drink and you smoke 'til your motivations gone And you know this is true, so you hate this song [Slug] The problem with me, is co-dependency So afraid of the day that you wont remember me Knee deep in anxiousness, needy like an infant Escapism, beats rhymes alcohol and women The problem with you, is you let your self stop believing And now you're afraid of your own thoughts and feelings Forgot how to share what I love most about you Lost your voice, now no choice but to doubt you [Murs] Now the problem with the world, the lack of respect For our earth, for our children, for the future we neglect For the morals, for the values, for the god that we select Millions die everyday without a cause to effect The problem with the revolution, its never gonna happen Through these marches, through this music, through these motherfuckers rappin Through these communists, these socialists, or any other faction Armchair activists, all talk, no action [Slug] The problem with the people that I stay surrounded with They all wanna replace faith with a psychologist Bring the evolution, whether thinkin its pollution When they're swallowing the balance, and they're drinking the solution The problem with the people that I wont stand next to They don't hear the songs that we sing for the rescue The keys of life, the basslines of sadness So people that don't have, reach out and grab it [Murs] The problem with hip-hop... shit nothing at all It's an artform that ranges and it changes it evolves It's not always for the better, but be patient with it yall For our time will come and the wicked will fall The problem with this song, is it's not long enough to say How fucked up it is that we living this way Nothing is alright, but everything is okay So we plan for tomorrow but we live for today [Slug] The problem with sex is self-respect, calibration The orgasm services your validation And the problem with love, is that it lives in a book now The problem with drugs is that their too fucking good now The problem with logic is theres too many loopholes And the problem with truth is that its usually brutal The problem is I can't trust most of what I see So fuck it all the problems of life must be me The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Murs & Slug Album: Felt 2: A Tribute to Lisa Bonet Song: I Shot a Warhol Typed by: winter7alcyone@hotmail.com I shot a Warhol Dead with my pistol When the wind hit the hole In the canvas it whistled Beautiful with no frame A face with no name Glass full of cold fame Chased it with slow pain --- Nostrils of cocaine Cocktail and kill time Scenes from a bad film Lived out in real time Who plays the hero Which one's the victim Violent and fearful They find their positions Pride and ambition, the enemies inside you Tendencies to listen, even when you're lied to Pry through the details Unmask the myth Try to impress the cast With acid trips Mash your lips against a cold hard bottle of Washed up stars and old role models She loves the sorrow So much that she swallows But talk to tomorrow Which walk will she follow Everybody needs to be appreciated Execute him for the masterpiece that he created Death of a sales martyr Fire starter If the hate doesn't make you wanna die Try harder --- I shot a Warhol Dead with my pistol When the wind hit the hole In the canvas it whistled Beautiful with no frame A face with no name Glass full of cold fame Chased it with slow pain No game to rise to The coke side blinds you Hope with no aim And its the fuel that you "Eye" to Steady with that rifle Pointed at your idle Open up the spot With each fallen rival This is the cycle Replace the A-list The next batch of faces Can come hate the famous Everybody thinks that what they make is golden When Lennon got shot There were thoughts of holding What'cha gonna do to impress the bitch Which slow blow gets picked When you get that itch If they notice That you're climbing to the focus Surround yourself with soldiers and like minded moments Dark sticks, in whoever heart's the biggest Eye of the beholder Is dark, cold and vicious She loves you Because she loves image Let's tear it all apart From the start to the finish --- I shot a Warhol Dead with my pistol When the wind hit the hole In the canvas it whistled Beautiful with no frame A face with no name Glass full of cold fame Chased it with slow pain It's nothing but a slow pulse If you just stop feeling it Your friends and your folks Can't adjust to what you're dealing with Accustomed to trust Now the lust got you killing it Eyes wide shut Now your fucked No healing it Travel down the barrel towards the light Once in open space it's easy to lose sight Don't look down You're bound to fall flat If you do hit the ground You're bound to bounce back The sound track She hated every single song But everybody else Seemed to wanna sing along Bring along The belief that every thing is wrong We all break down in front of God Before the break of dawn Silence Open up the eyelids To sex, drugs, and violence Movies, songs, books Everything is based on it So we stay on it Got a bullet with your face on it --- I shot a Warhol Dead with my pistol When the wind hit the hole In the canvas it whistled Beautiful with no frame A face with no name Glass full of cold fame Chased it with slow pain The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Atmosphere Album: You Can't Imagine How Much Fun We're Having Song: The Arrival Typed by: 07mgmill@alma.edu, sensative_new_age_guy@hotmail.com [Slug] (whispered) "I'm not really supposed to talk about this.....but..." (They've arrived) With the excitment of a new born Came to join the main event and fight against the luke warm (They've arrived) With nothing but they word and they history Take a can of paint and try to decorate they dignity (They've arrived) It's not what they anticipated Fuck, it doesn't matter put your fists up and instigate it (They've arrived) And they can't save the planet Or the children, or the pandas, or themselves god damn it I'm just a man that loved rap So much in fact I put every piece of myself inside these fucking cracks What is that, you whisper something from the back? You think your personal attacks make up for what you lack? (C'mon!) I'm just a cat searching for a clean lap To crash in a world hurting, waiting for their turn to take a nap Sorting through the bills, fanmail, and life threats Wondering why the postman ain't delivered my wife yet (They've arrived) They call me Sean, this is Anthony No need to act hard cause we got extended family So I smile while I try to use my words wise Say what I meant, just in case this is your first time (They've arrived) Oooh child are the wings tired? Smilin' like a couple of fools that the Queen hired (They've arrived) Can't wait for the vibrate to thicken So we can watch the world hips gyrate (They've arrived) Even the deads gettin live It's a little deeper, you can float, c'mon baby dive! (They've arrived) To fall in love with this bitch From the petals on her flower to the pimples on her tits Fuck the insults, and fuck the compliments Just wanna see the mommy free the honesty and common sense Stop followin the wind that you swallow 'cause it's too simple to aim for a target sittin on a fence (They've arrived) We do it for the candle in the sky Here's a toast goes out to those who can't handle their high You and I? We can swim into the tide and watch these other children lose they mind (I'm doing fine) (They've arrived) and they landed safe and sound Better try to take 'em out before they make your saviors proud (They've arrived), so fix the beef Quit actin' like a sheep Either spit your speak or sit there and grit your teeth (They've arrived) to spread the info to the kin folk Fuckin with the climate on the inside of the windows (They've arrived) They're here, the baby farmer  Gonna take it farther, make a mark and break apart your fake martyrs Planted firm, let the planet burn Understand the terms, you don't wanna open up this can of worms I'm tryin to keep my prize on the eyeball But people wanna see you fly, all to watch the sky fall Who's to blame for your lack of conviction? I wasn't drafted, I asked for the mission Put your name on the list at the bottom on an empty line and hold in plain sight whatever gave you the right to question mine? The night prowler, gonna crawl past all the rap politics  you can put that on your last dollar Wake up. It's bigger than a paystub There's the door, get your money, go wash off your make-up *Muffled* (They've arried) and they don't need your lovin' If you don't wanna give it, keep it Doesn't really mean nothin' (They've arrived) come and beat it 'til it stops breathin' No need to even try to even reason with, they're not leaving The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Atmosphere Album: You Can't Imagine How Much Fun We're Having Song: Panic Attack (The P.A.) Typed By: Colin.Narod.04@cnu.edu Little momma got a little pill to swallow A little water to follow it down the tunnel Gotta lotta walls but the house is hollow Got a lot of holes, never found the shovel Panic attack, so what's the plan of attack? You had to be had. You cut in half. You had to react You battle with your shadow from front to back Stack up the stats. Handle the math, and that'll be that Hold your head up. I know your fed up But don't let it get up to the top of them steps love Instead of playin' with the pieces that got messed up get dressed up, we goin' out to catch the best buzz Self-medicated, spirit on elevated Help take the self-made self-hate and celebrate it And I could tell you hated it when you felt naked but the poison tastes great, wanna know how the hell they made it? And if the dizzy don't kill you, the city will Simply for the thrill of wiping up a sticky spill Little tricky get busy of a fifty bill So take the little pill straight to your pretty grill (Chorus) Here it comes, there it goes again. Panic attack. (x8) So what you drinking? So what you popping? So what you eating? So what you dropping? So what you smoking? So what you sniffing? So how you coping? So what's the difference? Contagious, it runs like the paint does Sedate the sober and over anxious The pages of pain that make the songs on the playlist The renegade rain that jumped just to flood the bassment Look honey everbody needs a help-up buddy No body's drug-free, the streets would be hella bloody Do you call yourself a patient of a junky? The only thing that separates is who takes your money All smile like we're gonna go buck wild Order up a shot, prescription filled up now Pop another (what?) distracted by the rush while we fight all night about what to name the love child I'm on that go nuts life that got that gold touch Fresh fly wild bold what like the cold crush No luck, don't hold much, just an old flush made up of hearts Queen high off the faux-blush Freak outs, leak out, and bleed out, and speak out and reroute and seak out the weak crowd And we doubt, but when I see it keep out the beast I'll believe for now, it's all "peace, I gotta be out." (Chorus) Here it comes, there it goes again. Panic attack. (x8) (Sound clips of advertisements and quotes over beat to create nervous, panicky feeling) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist:	Atmosphere Album:	You Can't Imagine How Much Fun We're Having Song:	Watch Out Typed by: vasta41@hotmail.com One little, two little, three little indie rap Headphones, backpack, watch 'em all... It goes watch out! Jack the Ripper, Jack Jack the Ripper Peace to Jack tripper and those well stoned bumper stickers My name is Sean and I never had dreadlocks Instead I got an army full of women screaming Headshots! I guess that explains it, don't it She started to make a mark but it came apart That's what you get for tryin' to make your little sister eat the kitty litter Let's watch a rapper get bitter like the city winter What the fuck you thinkin'!? You frustrated or something? Did you have a bad week? Man, you got issues, I feel sorry for you Yo, shitting on me is so 2002 (Bitch!) Turn your mic off, and turn the lights off Whoever put your record out must have needed write-offs Who they play when the game's in a tight spot? Slug, you can find me in the A's of your iPod Watch out! When the crowd gets loud It could burn up the roof or make the walls all fall down Watch out! When you open up your mouth I can smell that you don't know what you're talking about (It goes) Watch out! We all love a clown But we don't wanna se you climb up out the underground Watch out! If you don't like the sound Fuck you! I'm just tryin' to put it down for my home town Cars drive by with the booming system I must be getting old cause the bass sounds ridiculous And nowadays, every body's biting Tupac So fuck it, I'ma stand over here and do the moonwalk Besides police, I've got no beef Just me, my beliefs and my bad teeth A cargo van and some Ant beets Enough rap to slap you to last week Caught between the vice and the advice Drunk, walking out in traffic just to fly kites Time out, the free-style rhyme out, my last rights Fuck a classic album, give my life 5 mics And when the smoke clears, you won't be able to suck dick Like you did as a teenage slut trick And with a mat on his grill, he asks "Who the fuck are you?" Don't worry man, someday I'ma be nobody too Look, I understand your hate When I was younger, I wanted to be LL Cool J Then he started making records for the girls and shit So I ripped up the Kangol and threw it away I stole moves from KRS-One A little Big Daddy Cane and some DJ Run And then we took our life and made it a song And look, nowadays Rhymesayers is on It's the B-I-G D-A double D-Y S-E-A-N He hasn't hit the rooftop to jump, guess he waitin'? For what? I don't know, but who wanna come with me? I got at least one more tool with me So criticize me, or idolize me Study from a distance or stand right beside me It don't matter, just act like I know And watch your back on the beat Or get sacked at the free-throw The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Atmosphere Album: You Can't Imagine How Much Fun We're Having Song: Musical Chairs Typed by: Rleiblum473@rwu.edu Do you want a plight? Well you don't have a choice Stand up alive Cause the music hasn't die yet [Repeat 3X] Suzy was a psycho, but she looked good Little ball of fire, light it up and cook wood She knew the power of what she had to offer Pieces of a puzzle, personality, and posture When it's probably done, it seems spun As long as you're not (???) Bar fly looking for a fall guy Taking on all types From big baller to the small fry Get what you want out of life But every night now the same thought arise (babe you got a light?) Still as lonely as the number one Cause you only love someone So you have someone to run from Run, run, put your back into it Sue Always wonder what it would be like to try to rap to you We gotta show Suzy love Ain't no way anyone's gonna stop before the music does [Chorus 4X] Bobby was a genius, and he would prove it His favorite move is to make you look stupid He knows the answer, nobody puts their hands up When he starts talking everybody (shut up) Bobby didn't have friends, not real ones Just a bunch of light minded self righteous pilgrims And they all treated Bob like the big cheese Knowing damn well they all thought he was a "bitch please" Blows his own horn, slaps his own bass While everyone waits for him to fall on his face And while he's down, someone will take his place If the suit isn't trump even seven beats an ace Look at Bobby, he doesn't even know You're supposed to set a new one after you achieve a goal Accomplishments are just excuses to talk and spit When you music stops, who will have a spot to sit? [Chorus 4X] Bring me the head of whoever said "play fair" I want to sit in my chair and wear a blank stare Fuck being king of the hill When the music dies you'll be the first one the villagers kill Walk in circles, dizzy up the movement Talk in circles, the underground's polluted Lots of circles, you wonderin' where you fit Stop the cirlces! (Over beat boxing) Oh Oh Oh yea, Oh Oh Oh yea Well you don't have a choice Oh Oh Oh yea Stand up alive Oh Oh Oh yea Well you don't have a choice Stand up... [Chorus 4X] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Atmosphere Album: You Can't Imagine How Much Fun We're Having Song: Say Hey There Typed by: sensative_new_age_guy@hotmail.com Watcha gonna do? Slam Doors? Break a glass? Maybe pass out on the kitchen floor with your naked ass? She still makes time to hate me but basically I'm overbooked no emotional vacancy Complacency seems so simple Like fuck it let me be the one you fight and call mister right It's and addiction bound to stick around cause a junky won't bounce 'till he hits the ground (get down) And these drugs ain't as good as we wish they were (get up) and this buzz doesn't keep us from missin' her (get over) And that love that built all of this emphasis spilled enough guilt to kill Electra and Oedipus (get out) It's easier to leave it there Each time I see your tears makes me need a beer to relieve the fear I wanna keep a clear sky and fly away like a meteor outta here maybe next year I'll reappear I say hey there, we don't play fair we can't stay here, I hope you take care {4X} Sometimes you make me feel like such a prick That even I'm convinced that I'm the one thats sick You can fuss and bitch, you can cut your wrist or you can choke on that blood from the tounge you've bit And when you acted up, best believe I blessed you back I've got a fucking fan base that can attest to that I'm returning this bleeding hearts club membership card cause I want no motherfuckin' part of it We're just two dogs on all fours It's a tug of war for who loves you more Blame it on tours or locked bathroom doors or maybe it's 'cause my voice was louder than yours (what? You jealous?) And I'll be damned if I do this for forever Everybody lookin' at me like I don't know better Instead I gotta run if I'm ever gonna forget her cause I've always been a go-getter (so whatever) And now I got a head full of better off dead I followed down them steps, and slept in the wrong bed If I had a breath of self-respect left I'd set fire to the boxspring to help it catch wreck Let these ashes represent the mattress Director left the set but nobody told the actress So she's still actin' as if we scheduled a practice and my soundtrack is compromisin' her theatrics You, you remind me of me, it's not a compliment Get your song on You, who you tryin' to be? I've got no tolerance left for drama You, you would like to go free, jump off the fence let your claws out You, you remind me of me, run from all of them 'til they all gone Then, here we go again, with my threats to leave Like I've ever left a she who wouldn't let me breathe Instead I kept it deep enough to get you to believe that I'm incapable of escapin' and settin' you free Well I'mma open up that map and see the nation Call it vocation Call it a vacation You can find me at the airport waitin' or maybe I'll be chain smokin' down at the train station With the pose of a mack and my clothes in a sack Gotta go and I don't know when I'll be back Get my last paycheck, smash and make steps Gone, on the run with Kool G. Rap in the tapedeck (peace) [Chorus] - 2X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Atmosphere Album: You Can't Imagine How Much Fun We're Having Song: Hockey Hair Typed by: peterg4life@hotmail.com You can't imagine how much fun we're having [Slug] Stop it there without a care to what you've got to fear Keep it all betwen your beer and your hockey hair A lot of weird people traits and ticks From the strangers to these dangerous faces you kiss You know this town aint cool as it used to be When the lion, tigers and bears'd stare at your jewelry Thruthfully I'm content with how the day moves Stepped up the game, oops, still rock the same shoes And one-time with them flashin things, they still There to turn the drama into action scenes I'm renting me a vehicle to roll me to the finish line Follow if you wanna, we'll return around dinner time Back hurts a little bit more with every cigarette MY mack learned to never ignore the petty gibberish I walk the clay cocky like MR. Know-It-Also Patiently waiting to pop, shake up the soda bottle Horizontal like a mail-order male whore that came forth Just to show you his pale horse Of course the ones that love him hate him most Heard broken aint nothin man, she look like she ate a ghost Make a toast to the butterknife, fuck it right Wonder when my butterfly is gonna kep her flutter tight I get way lonely when I'm on the j-o-b And every pretty face actin like they know me Same story, take photos and blow me Like suckin on my pony is some type of a fuckin trophy Don't know what to say homie, I understand under the notion that mine is at home under another man Don't even give it two minutes of business Rotate the shoulderblades and keep them chipless Built a prison out of conjugal visits Now I rock a fake grimace on my face to catch the kisses A bag of pot luck, a pint of gut rot emcee's is mockduck tofu tough-talk What the blood clot, jumpshot, fadeaway Watch these kids eat it up like it was mayonaisse Then he's on to the next city followin the destiny Fell asleep droolin on your left titty Indeed I play my part and call it high art Keepin my eye on a piece of that pie chart Smarter than solutions to the rubix cube Took it apart and then pulled out a tube of superglue Electric boogaloo, instead of tryin to look at you I should stay in my house, sit on the couch and read a book or two Maybe then this space alien can uncover ways to coexist With other homosapiens Until that time comes people know my bum steelo Incognito with mosquitos and dung beetles It's like that, take your head out of the vaginal crack Like what the fuck did you expect I rap The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Atmosphere Album: You Can't Imagine How Much Fun We're Having Song: Bam Typed by: peterg4life@hotmail.com [Slug] BAM!! We land at your table like dinnertime Asinine amount of women in the ticketline Hit it from behind the picket sign Switch the design and reposition the shine Subdue what they knew thrown askew Cut through with the focus of a "fuck you" Frozen moments grown up made work Open up the doorway, sewn up, pay dirt Everybody wants to party full belly still suckin on the parsley Star sleeps between the hard sheets You only parked on the street to hear the cars beep Pan left, pan right, damn right the econoline Weaves through the landmines Continues until I leave mankind Can't find control of the wheels on the van like BAM!! We land on your plate like a housefly Just another face from the southside The fall guy, all eyes on the tall small fry While I try not to make this doll cry What you call "fly"? what you call "fresh" Multi-bulls-eye-sex-and-checks-and-death I guess I'm best left for dead in a breath That was never impressed by what's possesed Girlfriend I need your help Cause the head on my shoulders won't fuck itself And homeboy, I need you as well, cause I gotta live And I got a little bridge to sell Gonna build a home out of syllables Gonna be alone when the whistle blows Cut the embyllical on the cymbols The break'll shake your silicone when you feel it go BAM!! (and when they started to scream, I thought of Mike G singin "Everything good aint as good as it seems" get ripped like flash)BAM!! WE land on tour tongue like words Didn't understand they were sung by birds The sunlight burnt to disturb the earth When the gun-fight burst occured BAM!! WE land in your gut like hungar Sunk your ship while you slept in the bunker The thunder don't stop the slumber, plug in the sub Turn it up, let the drummer go BAM!! We land on your head like rain drops With a chainsaw laced in napalm Weight loss, pill pop, chaos Thank god the best plays are made when the game stops BAM!! And if I gotta die, I got faith the decision was made That I was outta line BAM!! And if I gotta die, I'ma smile from the pile Cause I wasn't on the bottom, I'm a man With a child and a voice and a lovelife IF I get a choice then I hope I go just like BAM!! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Atmosphere Album: You Can't Imagine How Much Fun We're Having Song: Pour Me Another Typed by: peterg4life@hotmail.com [Slug] All she wanted was a little bit of solid Feels like love, it doesn't matter what you call it Heal those cuts or hide em underneath the polish Break another promise and take me as a hostage (take me) Hold your job down and let the zombies crowd around Thankin' mommy's god that it's a cop's town Keep it safe for me while I chase a fantasy Swervin through the galaxy, searchin for a family Happily surrounded by planets and stars She was stuck uptown while you was landin on mars It's all fucked up now, caught your hand in the jar Another small step back for tha man at the bar (hey bartender) Spill a little bit of blood on the street For the love that goes to those who they drink too much And hold your own glass up to the heavens Take a little time and try to count the seconds It goes, pour me another, so I could forget you now Pour me another, so I could come let you down Pour me another, so I can remember how True that I am to this addiction of you [2X] [Slug] Drink it all away, numb it down to none Stay awake tonight and wait for the sun You say you hate your life, you aint the only one Let your frustration out the gate and watch the pony run One double, for the hungar and the struggle Two for the fool tryin to pull apart the puzzle Three now I smile while I wait for your rebuttle By the fourth shot, I'm just another child in a bubble Tryin to play with the passion and the placement Just to see what these people let him get away with Still tryin to climb a mountain for you Hammer in my hand, still poundin on a screw She don't listen so he don't speak no more Nobody's whining 'cause neither is keeping score Don't wanna think no more, just let me drink some more Pour me another, cause I can still see the floor [Chorus] 2X [Slug] Live life tipsy, Still if it don't fit right with me Kiss me whiskey, lift my lips, press to my angel Swallow it and leave her empty bottle on the table Let the past fall, making faces at that clock on the back wall Countdown to the last call, ask all these people that make sounds "How long does it take for the pace to break down" Another lonely little trophy If only I could walk a straight line, I'd make it home free And everybody in this bar thinks they know me And my story like "poor me" (yea, pour me another homie) I can count the days til you come back Or I can follow them sunrays down to the traintracks I can stumble drunk over hope and love Or I could keep drinkin until I sober up (hey waitress) [Slug] Bottles and pints, and shots and cans Couches and floors, and drunk best friends Models and whores, and tattooed hands Cities and secrets and cats and vans Good times, laughter, bad decisions Strippers and actors, and average musicians Mornings after and walks of shame They bartender knows me by my real name Sing it The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Atmosphere Album: You Can't Imagine How Much Fun We're Having Song: Smart Went Crazy Typed by: peterg4life@hotmail.com [Slug] Smart went crazy, truth went trendy The story got lazy so I rewrote the ending Manipulated the entry, more user friendly Now a city full of pain pills and tattoos defend me I waver from the dead to the halfdead Grey space between the fan base and the crackhead Sunset, sailboat set course for hell A cross and a hammer, but you'll have to get some nails Take credit, for anything embedded in the edit As long as you meant it when you said it And all of the kids laugh, when you admit that It mighta been witchcraft that made my noose fit bad Well I'ma act like I don't give a make love Take what I got to teach everyone to break stuff I'ma act like there's poison in the pancakes And amputate the one that wasn't loyal with the handshakes Proud to know ya, Minnesota missle Never sold coke and I never had to hold a pistol Civil and simple, but set the freak show Loose on the nipple, watch her whole fuckin titty ripple It's why we battle, it's why we travel It's why the mascot thinks that I'm an asshole We made the team without puttin on a uniform Smart went nuts and rode a unicorn through the storm Smart went crazy, but where did you go Smart went crazy, but where did you go Smart went crazy, but where did you go Smart went crazy, where did you go now [Slug] Smart went crazy, kiss Miss Daisy Loved you like every day was Christmas, baby Maybe we can take it back to the way we was Still on some "what have you done for me lately" No gravy if the base is porkface Tour dates ate my big little brother's court case Poor taste got passed off as gourmet This beer is foreplay We'll meet up at your place I sting like a first divorce, or them first Newports Whatever hurts you more "You're headed for self destruction" been there, did that Kicked back with the wrong angel to fuck with Carved my charm into your arms Fuck around, unravel this tall ball of yarn Snuck round back to disarm the alarm From the plantation to the reservation to the farms And nobody knows where you'll end up Only guarantee in life is death or a headfuck Yea, you thought it was a set up, well guess what Now you can catch up with the rest of my "Best Of" I got a few blocks left before I reach my destination And retrieve my breath And god blessed every step I stole Just to let me know, she wouldn't ever let me go [Chorus] - 2X [Slug] Smart went crazy, the rubber band went snap This goes to those that hold it down 'til I get back Hold on to me, grow along with me I don't know where I'm goin but I'll end up in your arms [4X] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Atmosphere Album: You Can't Imagine How Much Fun We're Having Song: Angelface (Multiples 5 vs Travel 4) Typed by: Kcap45@hotmail.com I love this fucking country And she loved me more than I could imagine So I waited till she slept then I stepped into traffic Ran away from the backyard to drift some more Woke up in Texas next to a liquor store With a woman who don't even drink alcohol Big letters IRONY tagged on the wall She was named for another flat land We had it strong back then In common we had a bond That would never see the break of dawn To damn afraid of the queen trying to take the pawn Threw that away Yes, yes headed out west And got undressed With the nurture she gave me made me drip and get obsessed There was a lady in Los Angeles That handled this the way the manual suggest (the way the manual suggest) She turned me on to music that I never heard before She told me stories from a cup I haven't learned to pour And I don't know what hurt it more Professional journals or perpetual burn holes Scarring up the dirty floor Peace! Found a hollow hole in the Colorado snow It's like I follow anywhere El Diablo go Took a stroll with a feline And sat silent while the snowflakes fell into the design Can't let her dance up on top on the top floor Been there done that what do you think it's locked for? I've lost more to my traveling soul Then I dare to talk about so I'll be out I'll be on a roll Down, down, down in Gainesville No stranger to shame cold train and pain pills Sometimes the ceiling is to easy to stare at But it keeps me from a forest full of snare traps and bear traps And it can't come clean without the sun beams And it ain't complete without the drum beats I can tell she don't want me As is time to climb back into the pain and make the back stiff I had to add one more story to the infinite Already interwoven through a New York cigarette Ex lover and a best friend best lover and an ex friend Looking for alcoholic sentimental is a men a rhythm of Religion on the PA Make the people here say God bless the DJ She stays the wafer of replay While I wonder if I'll be able to hear it from the freeway Chicago inside of an empty bottle There's a thin line between gossip and gospel There's a house over there near Wicker Park Where I found out Smart was afraid of the dark Had to break her heart just to help me heal up Tie a knot in the stomach just to help me seal up Make sure them demons stays beneath the core Pray you and yours and whomever you believe in more Look around you there's angels amongst us Look around you there's angels amongst us Sitting in the rain on some sidewalk cafe Half of her wet cigarette in the ash tray Trying to find a lost soul to save And I'm a lost soul trying to find a road that's paved Keep faith in my suitcase packed my beliefs There's angels exist I've even seen some sleep I love this fucking country And she loved me more than I could imagine So I waited till she slept then I stepped into traffic The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Atmosphere Album: You Can't Imagine How much Fun We're having Song: That Night Typed by: tt_lo@hotmail.com [First Verse] Don't even know if I can write this song Caught on a beam between right and wrong Gotta keep forward, keep straight for the sake of why we stay awake all night long It's not up for interpret Paranoid of exploiting the verdict But in the same breath I got thoughts that I wanna express and let surface This ain't for props or the pop culture It's about a balloon that got punctured The sunshines fun till it burns someone And we all got burnt that summer She was sixteen, another young angel with clipped wings She came to the shows, but I never met her Don't even know if she was listening That night, we lost a supporter That night, somebody lost a daughter He raped and killed her at the venue Can't comprehend what her friends must have went through That night, the sun went dark Now watch everyone on the tour bus fall apart That night, Lord have mercy The music died that night in Albequerque [Second Verse] Stop, it can't be true right? This type of real doesn't happen to you right? Cresent, Murs, Dibbs, Jaybird I wanna go home now and start a new life Wish I could pretect the kids I guess safety is hit or miss With a prior convicted sex offence against a four year old, why we let you live? Don't know what I'm trying to write But there's a part of me that keeps dying that night And when I think about her mother I become another number that wants you to suffer Your locked up for now You have no more chances to steal the children's laughs And if you ever find God Better pray to her and ask that we never cross paths The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Atmosphere Album: You Can't Imagine How much Fun We're having Song: Get Fly Typed by: tt_lo@hotmail.com [Chorus: repeat 2X] They want us to fight, but we just want to get high Work all day, all night, trying to get fly When I get some money I'mma buy me some time I can't fight your war until I'm finished with mine [First Verse] I used to be mad at the government Redirected some of my anger towards the mothership Trying to guess which living hell sleeps under when the grand scheme plan keeps all these people wonderin Why we still runnin in place frustrated? Pride is mistaken for hate, it's upgraded I got a little breath left, let's suffocate it Point at the epiphanies and call 'em all drug related The time I spent with my life on bent Trying to find the friends inside my head Must have disengaged every phase and stage Of of my I'm coming, I'm coming, I'm coming of age My unofficial autobio Will be accompanied with tips on how to smile 'cause I've found that when they don't see you frown They never know that your a threat And they don't sweat you when you came around So who's going to be my next door savior? Step up to your neighbor, and do me a favour Take off the mask, let it all collapse Empty the pack and watch your wings grow back [Second Verse] Society becomes jealousy, intimacy becomes intensity Say it with a smile like it's meant to be And all of a sudden, "boom", American family And I can tell when your mad at your past Because you tend to take the turns just a little too fast And I can tell how you push your foot on the gas that you already knew that you was gunna finsish last Slow it down and take a little time To look up at them clouds with the fake silver lining Up in a tree knowing damn well you never reach the top But you don't stop, you keep climbing Well okay, it's settled No more nights in this weed and thorn infested meadow Uh-uh, from this day forth, only forward I pedal Get the memo I'm cutting the strings Gepetto Shuffle the cards and let's argue Rooted in between the computer games and cartoons Stop and watch us all get lost Between God and a shot of scotch, let's get fly The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Atmosphere Album: You Can't Imagine How Much Fun We're Having Song: Little Man Typed by: ddinohio@hotmail.com [Verse 1] Dear Jacob I won't take up too much of you time I know you're trying to get your video game-grind on And that's fine Just gimme a second to empty my face Before I hit the road again to go and win this paper chase I've been watching you man I'm proud of you man You're growing up to be the best man that you possibly can I know you understand Why I go out of town I also know my days are colder when you're not around Sometimes I wonder what it's like to be adapted to the fact That daddy never lived inside the same shack And sometimes I get this pain in my stomach's pit It's what I get I'm convinced it's my punishment For those nights I got drunk and let go at some bar In some city with some people I don't know For all the times that the lines on your face Reminded me of the days before the dagonflies escaped It trips me out how you pick up all my traits From the way that you spit to the fists that you make I watch the way you try to keep your mom happy Daddy learned that from you You're supposed to learn that from daddy I can't teach much when it comes to women I drive safe and slow but don't know nothing 'bout the engine You're doing good little man thats all I really meant I love you You're my best friend, thanks for listening [Verse 2] Dear Craig What up bones? How it goes? Yeah, me? Well, you know, you know, same old, same old Sorry that the phone calls ain't too routine Just been runnin' around the globe tryin' to do my thing Sometimes the weeks fly a little too fast And sometimes I go to sleep a little too trashed Other times I'm not sittin' on enough cash And other times today feels too much like the past Sometimes at night I would watch y'all fight A child wonderin' Why your life just ain't alright? What's the violence about? Why's it in my house? And even the memories are turned up too loud Yeah, I got some issues in my head Knew we should've started fixing 'em back when she left you I'm not trying to get you down, I know you're different now But your little man justs wants you to listen now I'm over thirty, can't maintain relations All these women wanna hurt me and I just don't have the patience I can't trust 'em And they're not much help When they start to push and pull the buttons I don't trust myself What pride, fists, and words just might do? I'm afraid of my fate, don't wanna turn out like you I've never hit a woman I won't do coke And for that alone I love you and I wanna thank you old man [Verse 3] Dear Sean What's goin' on? Not much to say Just checkin' in wit'cha trying to see what's wrong today I know there's gotta be something kickin' your bruises How's the love? How's the music? How's the self-abusiveness? Got a lot to lose, it's breakin' your shoulders So you let your paranoia place your bets for you Too many cigarettes, messin' up your voice Too many arguments, tryin' to test your poise The only women that love you are fans and family Mom has no choice, but fans leave you randomly No heavy rotation In any location You're not ready to face that you have no steady vocation Plus you're gettin' old, your raps are exhausted Stop it, everybody knows that you've lost it Singin' for these kids you don't know When you should be at home with your own instead you're on your telephone Fightin' with your girl like it's you against the world Another drunk hotel bedroom corner, curled up like a naked fetus Come and save him Jesus Place him back in time before the Reaganomics and Adidas Sometimes you're not impressed with the work you've done And love isn't love if you didn't hurt someone Your son says, "Hi dad." Your dad says, "Whats up?" And me, I wanna thank you, but I won't, I'll just say, "Good luck." The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Atmosphere Album: Happy Clown Bad Dub 8 'The Fun EP' Song: Say Hey There (Alternate Version) * Typed by: newos_crib_is@hotmail.com, sensative_new_age_guy@hotmail.com * The alternate version is edited [Verse 1] What ya gonna do? Slam Doors? Break a glass? Maybe pass out on the kitchen floor with your naked a#$? She still makes time to hate me But basically I'm overbooked no emotional vacancy Complacency seems so simple Like f#*k it, let me be the one you fight and call mister right It's an addiction bound to stick around Cause a junky won't bounce till he hits the ground These drugs ain't as good as we wish they were This buzz doesn't keep us from missin her And that love that built all of this emphasis Spilled enough guilt to kill Electra and Oedipus It's easier to leave it there Each time I see your tears makes me need a beer to relieve the fear I wanna keep a clear sky and fly away like a meteor Outa here, maybe next year I'll reappear I say hey there, we don't play fair You can't stay here, I hope you take care {4X} [Verse 2] Sometimes you make me feel like such a p%^@k That even I'm convinced that I'm the one that's sick You can fuss and b^*!h, you can cut your wrist Or you can choke on that blood from the tongue you've bit And when you acted up, best believe I blessed you back I've got a f#*%ing fan base that can attest to that I'm returning this bleeding hearts club membership card Cause I want no motherf#*%in part of it We're just two dogs on all fours It's a tug of war for who loves you more Blame it on tours or locked bathroom doors Or maybe it's cause my voice was louder than yours And I'll be damned if I do this for forever Everybody lookin at me like I don't know better Instead I gotta run if I'm ever gonna forget her Cause I've always been a go-getter [Verse 3] And now I got a head full of better off dead I followed down them steps, and slept in the wrong bed If I had a breath of self-respect left I'd set fire to the box spring to help it catch wreck Let these ashes represent the mattress Director left the set but nobody told the actress So she's still actin as if we scheduled a practice And my soundtrack is compromising her theatrics You remind me of me, it's not a compliment, get your song on Who you trying to be? I've got no tolerance left for drama You would like to go free, jump off the fence, let your claws out You remind me of me, run from all of them till they all gone Then here we go again with my threats to leave Like I've ever left a she who wouldn't let me breathe Instead I kept it deep enough to get you to believe That I'm incapable of escaping and setting you free Well I'ma open up that map and see the nation Call it vocation, call it a vacation You can find me at the airport waiting Or maybe I'll be chain smoking down at the train station With the pose of a mack and my clothes in a sack Gotta go and I don't know when I'll be back Get my last pay check, smash and make steps Gone, on the run with Kool G. Rap in the tape deck [Chorus] {X2} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Atmosphere Album: Happy Clown Bad Dub 8 'The Fun EP' Song: Panic Attack (Alternate Version) Typed by: Colin.Narod.04@cnu.edu, newos_crib_is@hotmail.com [Verse 1] Little mama got a little pill to swallow A little water to follow it down the tunnel Got a lot of walls but the house is hollow Got a lot of holes, never found the shovel Panic attack, so what's the plan of attack? You had to be had, you cut it in half, you had to react You battle with your shadow from front to back Stack up the stats, handle the math and that'll be that Hold your head up, I know your fed up But don't let it get up to the top of them steps love Instead of playing with the pieces that got messed up Get dressed up, we going out to catch the best buzz Self-medicated, spirit on elevated Help take the self-made self-hate and celebrate it And I could tell you hated it when you felt naked But the poison tastes great, wanna know how the hell they made it? And if the dizzy don't kill you, the city will Simply for the thrill of wiping up a sticky spill Little tricky, get busy of a fifty bill So take that little pill straight to your pretty grill [Hook] {X8} Here it comes, there it goes again Panic attack So what you drinking? So what you popping? So what you eating? So what you dropping? So what you smoking? So what you sniffing? So how you coping? So what's the difference? [Verse 2] Contagious, it runs like the paint does Sedate the sober and over anxious The pages of pain that make the songs on the playlist The renegade rain that jumped just to flood the basements Look honey everybody needs a helper buddy No body's drug free, the streets would be hella bloody Do you call yourself a patient of a junky? The only thing that separates is who takes your money All smile like we're gonna go buck wild Order up a shot, prescription filled up now Pop another (what?) distracted by the rush while We fight all night about what to name the lovechild I'm on that go-nuts life that got that gold touch Fresh, fly, wild, bold, what? Like the cold crush No luck, don't hold much, just an old flush Made up of hearts, Queen high off the faux-blush Freak-outs speak out, and bleed out, and speak out And reroute and seek out the weak crowd If we doubt, but when I see it keep out the beast I'll believe for now, it's all "peace, I got to be out" [Hook] {X8} Here it comes, there it goes again Panic attack Panic attack {*X3*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Atmosphere Album: Happy Clown Bad Dub 8 'The Fun EP' Song: They Call It Typed by: newos_crib_is@hotmail.com [Verse 1] Don't you love it madly when it sleeps in your basement On some gladly-pay-you-Tuesday-for-a-hamburger-today shit? And don't you love the way you can relate To everything your favourite rapper has to say about your hatred? Get a hobby, now why they wanna watch me In some hotel lobby getting sloppy with this pillow built mommy? Probably never be global like 2Pac But the local boys will beat my shit hard in their jukebox Sitting here pretending I'm not tipsy Watching over sensitive hippies use my records for they dog Frisbees Be a good little fishy And book me a ticket to your city so your girlfriend will kiss me I'm the bee that came to pollinate the flower Make a meal, borrow a towel and take a shower It's called love, in return they make bread Pay dollars, make beds, catch buzz, give head [Hook] They call it love and I get plenty of it The rich kids burn it, my broke people dub it They call it hate and I get plenty of it The snakes always wanna put your name where their tongue splits They call it love and I get plenty of it Give hugs to the public, put plugs in the budget They call it hate and I get plenty of it But they know who to call when they want the party jumping [Verse 2] We bust into your system, search through the evidence Opening hoping to find why you love your residence Puts your fists up or put your chips up Advocate, act adult or get your fabric ripped up They said like what? Like they didn't know me Six foot three, ugly mug and a simple flow Like that? Like that! And a bottle of Jimmy Beam Peace, my name is Slug and I'm down with the winning team They wanna kill my steam, I didn't care Just lead me to the Phoebe with the pretty hair Jumping up and down with the passion of a battle Jester of the kingdom, see me mack 'em at the castle Sean is such an asshole! Nah I'm a dickhead Stealing cigarettes from the rest of the mislead Enjoy me, avoid me, do what you must do But man up and understand why they don't love you [Hook] [Verse 3] Looking through your pinhole, who you gonna insult? Atmosphere get up in here, yeah, where'd your grin go? Got a sock full of nickels and quarters For unsupportive cock smokers that wanna ripple these waters You hate to love it, keep changing up the subject Still ain't saying nothing, we knew that you would jump ship Get back inside your magic pumpkin you puppet Cause all you got left in your life is a big 'What if?' No names, this pertains to a flock of you The fuck you gonna do when no one's watching you? Sweep up the fuck-ups, tighten up the lug nuts Let your world turn with no concern for what Slug does I'm not number one, I'm just my mother's son No regrets, show respect, what's done is done I understand why you're so discouraged Now show your love like it was when you was this moment [Hook] "We may not do this recording again, and maybe not give it to fellas again So we hope you enjoyed listening to this album half as much As we enjoyed playing it for you, cause we had a ball" The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Atmosphere Album: The Fun EP: Happy Clown Bad Dub 8 Song: You Make Me Wanna Typed by: colin.narod.04@cnu.edu Rock the house "You make me wanna die" He said it like he meant it Story over no more hopin to prevent it "You make me wanna live" She said that with a straight face And she placed keep sakes Inside her suitcase "Everything you say is a lie" He said that with a smirk Fully aware that it'll hurt When it hits the nerve "You've never heard a word I've said" She responded But he heard that And remembered it forever like a promise Now here we are, wearing hatred on our masks Let's carry on, put all your eggs inside that basket Swing it round, until that wooden handle snaps Sort 'em all out and only keep the ones that cracked "You make me wanna die" That's why I trust you That's so I can look you in the eye and say I love you (Background voice chanting) Set us free [Woman] I want to live I want to die I've never seen a sun decide to set so abrupt As it does when the gun inside of you wakes up Almost as if it's trying to hide from your tantrums Head full of hurt, pride, a closet full of phantoms Never seen the sun shine quite so loud As it does when that little girl makes herself proud Almost as if it wants to come play a part In those moments when your heart ain't afraid of the dark But sometimes I swear you make the sun confused It wants to rise but it over-analyzes what to do It cries more than you, when the storms come knockin tries to hide it's face, just avoid watchin I would ride by and wave, but there aint no parade So I'ma stay and wait for the day the sun goes away (Background voice chanting) Set us free [Woman] I want to live I want to die What is it about women that brings out my venom Thought it was a peach, it tasted like a lemon I ate it anyway, can't help it's my natural From one extreme to another, no room for practical Just act casual maybe they won't notice Or fall off the planet so you can escape the focus Break the dirt; bury me down when I'm broken Or let the under-current carry me out to the ocean Can't swim as good as I could as a child But as a kid, I never swam just stood there and smiled Even though the idea of drownin in you Seems kinda like it might be the wrong thing to do You gotta take a look at you and I, the clown and the fool Love can make suicide sound so cool (Background voice chanting) Set us free [Woman] I want to live I want to die Let's watch the sun disappear into the water Let's watch these people, and point at the imposters Let's lay it on the line, let's travel across it Let's live forever no matter what it costs us Claustrophobic, lots of down talk Toss clothes in and turn it off Easily lost in moments Forgot the motives, sun almost exploded Lookin for proof, who would've knew, toy gun was loaded Go ahead and throw it out into the waves Say goodbye to yesterday and try to fly the stress away Took it from the sky and looked it straight into the eye Silence, trying to read between the snore and the sigh There's a reason that they say that they can't take it with 'em I'm your leavin cuz of love, it really isn't livin The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist:	Atmosphere Album: The Fun EP: Happy Clown Bad Dub 8 Song: Secret Typed by: colin.narod.04@cnu.edu [Intro] If fact I remember you You rap too? Oh that's right Yeah you used to come to my shows Whenever I was in your city I guess I should apologize for giving you the credit Of being more intelligent than you looked I guess it's a good thing that God loves ugly Yo, remember when you asked me for some advice? [Verse] Come one, it's easy, all you gotta do Is nod to the beat, talk about what's wrong with you I did it, a couple others did too And you can follow in these footprints if shoes fit you From all regions now, they're trying to steal the style Look they bit me, and I'm tryin to hide my smile Cause I tell you, ain't much as flattering As a grasshopper tryin to smash a teacher with a battle ram I ain't made, always been a fan of flashbacks Go ahead, wear your heart on your backpack But don't forget my name when you start to talk shit Up in the atmosphere with God in the cockpit Self-deprecate my way to a better fate Meditate through the hate, let 'em speculate Elevate the heat, burn 'em up like hot cakes Cops came late, tried to fix it all with scotch tape Pain, the brand new escape, from the brain And strange days that came with the mistakes Mis-tastes a little bit to dangerous I see where they hittin makes me wonder what they aimin with That's gotta hurt man, put it in the chorus See if I can get your girlfriend to sing it for us She like it, it helps her understand you And you like it, it helps you understand too And I should walk away, it's getting hard to keep control When I'm checking all these stalkers, and my records aren't even gold Breathe in slow, conserve the temper Show these mother fuckers what this microphone is meant for Try not to curse, it hurts the verse It proves that you have a strong lack of better words But sometimes nothing can replace a cut Just turn up the bass and come face the front They ain't trying to listen if you've got a lot to say And some nothing, still catch a lot of pay Man, I wanna play, but I'm not gonna walk my way Back to Coney Island just to catch a couple props today I nominate myself as the governor Faced in front of the judge, like I wasn't fuckin her Yes ma'am, no ma'am, get with the program Already had you bent over the desk singin slow jams Peace to the Molemen, Murs, Sage Francis Anyone else done the work, can take chances First and the last months rent takes precedent Other than that, god bless the Fifth Element Don't give a fuck what ya'll think of Slug Take your fangs out if you ain't drinkin blood And blame it on that life you don't live But shit talking says more about you than we kid [Outro] And now we gotta a little secret (don't we) *repeated in background as well And every time I see you man, I'm gonna remember You are not who you wish you were You are not what you wish you were right? Do me a favor man, you hate me? Just walk past me man, don't even acknowledge me Just pretend I don't exist man, don't even look at me man Ba-bam ba-bam-BAM (repeated) (altered lyrics from song "BAM") We land on your plate like a housefly Just another face from the southside The fall guy, all eyes on the tall small fry While I try not to make your doll cry What you call "fly"? What you call "fresh" Multi-bulls-eye-sex-and-checks-and-death I guess I'm best left for dead in a breath That was never impressed by what's possessed Girlfriend I need your help Cause the head on my shoulders won't fuck itself And when you're ready come around uptown Up Up girl let your strap down, put your strap down The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Atmosphere Album: The Fun EP: Happy Clown Bad Dub 8 Song: Spaghetti Strapped Typed by: xxmerkutioxx@aol.com Hey Girl What you lookin' like? I have seen you get up, and go to that bathroom Like five or six times in the last twenty minutes What the hell's going on? [Verse 1] Under the great wide gray sky Still the same guy watching the paint dry With bloodshot snake eyes My lady still hates me like you know she should Because the simple things in life don't get overlooked But now I'm here with a glass full of beer Positioned in my chair to watch your ass from a mirror Hungover and horny, dirty old man Weed junky drunk leaving tips for the dope man I'll impress her with my jukebox selections Spit a couple words in exchange for affection And if those legs work as good as they look girl You can walk up and down the page in my book Can you spell secret? Come get your feet wet Let me make up pet names for all your little regrets (Here let me buy you a drink as a token of my erection) Hoping that you'll open up and put down your weapons Up, up, girl let your strap down, put your strap down Up, up, girl put your strap down [Verse 2] Spaghetti strapped, another lap around the track I had to suffer punching onto somebody's back What's up with that? Where's the independence? Find the dotted line between acquainted with and friendship But damn got head rushed, can't stop What's the big fuss it was just a little hand job So what if her friend took off her bra and socks and drawers It was like a massage-a-trois Why the witnesses always positioned up in your business Like they're invested in your best interests Who I be with, and who I leave with Affects this vicarious life that the weak live Guess now the pressure's on me to charm you Relieve you of your weapon, disarm you See if I can get you off this barstool We all wanna know if I can get you out your clothes girl [Verse 3] From the star-fuckers to the hard lovers Passing judgment on none Everyone's got scars mother Some of them will never heal Sometimes you gotta step aside; you wanna see how the weather feels You can't avoid them or fill a void with 'em If you're nuts you'll enjoy trying to make him your boyfriend I'm like a pile of paper and ribbons the day after Christmas (Naw, naw for real I will take my clothes off right here girl) Who wants to help me, I'm looking for a muse This time around I'm trying to cook up the blues Let's make a little love, a little hate  A little give and take and give it to the kids that can relate And we don't even have a choice It's the balance, the bits between your ears and my voice So praise God that the rain ain't stopped Let's head to my spot and take that wet tank-top off now The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Atmosphere Album: The Fun EP (Happy Clown Bad Dub 8) Song: Horny Ponycorn Horns Typed by: kill4747@hotmail.com [Slug] I seen it all from the best to the worst, a pulse and nurse You're just a tall Smurf (Ha!) Picture on the wall and they calling me the perp (Who?) Cause Sean was never the one to swallow his verse Fools want to step, man, put your health first Only thing you gonna wreck is your self-worth You might as well of pulled up the self-serve That ain't beef, that's just hamburger helper Tell her, that the circus is coming better purchase your tickets cause I heard a little something and whoa, child!  It's SO WILD they got OLD STYLES and GOLD SMILES And we happy as fuck, not Daddy Warbucks, just Daffy Ducking it  Ant's caddy like WHAT  Sleep through sleep knocking ?demon? and some BMW backseats  Sleeping through my dreams of fucking you So here goes everything at once  Turn thirty-something still haven't learned how to roll a blunt But I show how you to smoke out of a soda can I'll hold it over your head 'till you overstand.. up! Pull your pants up, you don't love me, you only let me fuck cause your man sucks Beers gettin' warm, but I'm here to perform To anyone who's horny we're going to give them the horns, go... [Slug] They call me Slug, I resemble my brother The lumberjack in the back eating pancakes with peanut butter Can't wait until we be discovered (Uh-huh!) I want a fanbase full of jealous husbands and ex-lovers They make war, make up, make love, listening to my neurosis and Anthony's trump kit  Having fun like it's a ?pasic? trip Take a ? to the ? and suck on my ?sack of rine? Start the engine move the piston I'm just a magician dressed as a musician Tried to free the world and feed your girl And eat this Euro and please don't hurl  These Raggedy Andy rappers caught that fancy fever, now they're softer and sweeter than cotton candy Rocking candies beneath that sweatsuit Stop the fantasy, here comes the guest, who? Yup, that's right, came and check that mic Let the rest go fight, cause your dress is so tight If it's fresh they bite, but if it's dope they swallow  And I'll be DAMNED if I don't give you a mouthful She thinks I'm fly I think she's warm (Uh-huh) And you know the norm Mandy pour in the ? So I told her I was from that band called Korn Took her to the roof and put her hand on my horn like... [Slug] Mr. Dibbs, he plays his horn (Alright) Brother Ali, he plays his horn I Self Divine (Yeah), he plays a horn  Dillinger Four, they play that horn (Uh-huh) Murs and Blueprint, they play their horn (Yeah) Crescent Moon, he plays his horn (Right) "Lift Her Pull Her", they played the horn  Eyedea and Abilities, they play their horn (What?) Los Nativos, they play the horn (Uh-huh) Luckyiam, he plays his horn (Alright) P.O.S., he plays his horn (Yeah!) Gladys Knight & the Pips, they play the horn (Yeah!) MF Doom, he plays his horn (Alright) Soul ?, she plays the horn (Alright!) To my man Musab, he plays the horn (Alright!) Rhyyyyyyyyymesaaaaayers!!! (Come on, come on, everybody sing along!) ...One, two, three, we outta here! Peanuts for sale! Come get your peanuts! "I didn't get the part where the wine bottle rolled down from the top of the balcony.." "When you say 'Go out' I don't, you know, I thought you meant something--" "That's okay, we-we gotta fade it.." (*"We gotta fade it" Loops over and starts to slow down*) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Atmosphere Album: Sad Clown Bad Summer 9 Song: Sunshine Typed by: Steven N Ain't no way to explain or say How painful the hangover was today In front of the toilet, hands and knees Trying to breathe in between the dry heaves My baby made me some coffee Afraid that if I drink some it's probably coming right back out me Couple of advil, relax and chill At a standstill with how bad I feel I think I need to smell fresh hair  So I stepped out the back door and fell down the stairs The sunlight hit me dead in the eye Like it's mad I gave half the day to last night My bad sight made me trip on my ass right into that patch of grass like that's life All of a sudden, I realize something The weather is amazing, even the birds are bumpin Stood up and took a look and a breath And there's that bike that I forgot that I possessed Never really seen exercise as friendly But I thing something's telling me to ride that slow speed The brakes are broken, it's alright The tires got air and the chain seems tight Hopped on and felt the summertime, It reminds me of one of them Musab lines like Chorus 2X Sunshine, sunshine, it's fine I feel it in my skin, warming up my mind,  Sometimes you gotta give in to win,  I love the days when it shines, whoa let it shine If I could I would keep this feeling in a plastic jar Bust it out whenever someone's actin hard Settle down, barbeque in the backyard The kids get treats and old folks get classic cars Every day that gets to pass is a success Every woman looks better in a sun dress The sunshine's an excuse to shoot hoops, get juice Show improve their moves and let loose I hear voices, I see smiles to match em Good times and you can feel it in the fashion Even though the heat cooks up the action The streets still got butterflies Enough kids to catch 'em Ridin my bike around these lakes man Feelin like I finally figured out my escape plan Take it all and the day started off all wrong Somehow now that hangover is all gone Ain't nothing like the sound of the leaves When the breeze penetrates these southside trees Leanin' up against one, watchin the vibe Forgettin' all about the stress, thanking god I'm alive It's so simple, I had to keep the song simple When I get home I'm gonna open all the windows Feelin all right, stopped at a stop sign A car pulled up, bumpin Fresh Prince's Summertime  Chorus 2X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Atmosphere Album: Sad Clown Bad Summer 9 Song: Number One Typed by: Steven N Her name was Stephanie something She lived out in Richville, right off of Portland I'm talking bout back in the ninth grade Still had a pony tail, couldn't grow a high fade Used to take the 5 way out to the suburbs Waitin at the bus stop, there was my lovebird She would get on, sit down, scoot me over And smile with a jheri curl restin on my shoulder And we would hit the mall together Maybe hold each other's hand or share a Dr. Pepper And all we ever did was kiss, no sex But in our defense, there was never any stress On the phone late at night when I'm supposed to be in bed Mama doesn't know I'm talking to Lynette I had a lot of sweet nothing to say You could say a whole lot of nothing has changed to this day We was fourteen, but she had breasts Although we was both too young for anything sexual Just wanted her to know that she was special She used to write me notes, do you like me, yes no? And I don't know if it was practice for later But both of us would break up back to spend time together I don't ever remember trying to make her feel bad Back then we didn't see things like that There used to be a spot called the Boulevard theatre And as a kid when a movie came out I would see it there Sneakin in to the R-rated feature I think I was fifteen, that's how I met Lisa She showed up with a group of fly girls So me and my crew was in superfly world After the flick we all went outside Paired off, took a walk into that night I can't imagine that happening now The inner sense is gone and all the magic ran out I wonder if my son will get to understand the fun  That comes from the summer with the one you call the one There used to a be a fear and a nervousness But back then it wasn't cause of domestic disturbances It used to just hurt your heart But now it's not enough until it rips the universe apart Got to see a lot of love when I was a kid Heartbreak made me wanna die but I never did So this is for my own babysitter,  Wanted to sneak out and fall asleep by the lake with ya Smells like candy, felt like family For every girl that ever held me in the back seat Used to vision being love struck with em Till I got blindsided by these grown-up women Artist: Atmosphere Album: Sad Clown Bad Summer 9 Song: RFTC Typed by: Steven N You got a bag full of paint, a head full of brain No snow, no rain, ain't got no complaint Like you high on that cry long running through your veins You look like a war vet starin at them trains It's like you zen the fuck out Sittin in the bushes, letting all the bugs out One smoke one beer, when the coast is clear you disappear until your zone stoned on the fear Lookin at scarred box cars Focusing and notice one of the ones most fit Its like that one there, has got your name all over it So that one there, is getting your name all over it Pull a can of sky blue for the outline Sky for the limits, blue for the down time Nerves at blast, disturbin the masses of rats with these thin tips and fat caps Thinking bout your little brother, cause he been tryin hit the yard with you all summer It's a good thing that you didn't bring him along Cause that's when you saw the flashlights singing this song like Chorus 2X Run, run, run these yards Run, run, run don't get caught Run, run, run every piece understood It wasn't fast enough, a simple catch Cornered in the parking lot hidin in the trash You heard the footsteps, heart beatin hard Are you gonna have to fight with a trainyard guard? You stepped out on some, yup let's start this Puffin out your chest like you wasn't in the garbage And that's when the universe stopped Cause your looking straight at a uniformed officer What you think, should you run, run And take a chance at getting some from his stunt gun That ain't one on one, plus he look kinda young The type that might beat your ass just for fun, huh So tell me what the fuck are you supposed to do Already thinking about the cuffs holdin you Already got a few cases over you But then the police man says, no it's cool What, where's the punch line, can't call it Too many paint fumes, musta lost it He handed you your bag and said here, I think you dropped this Cause this cop grew up on hip hop Chorus 2X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Atmosphere Album: Sad Clown Bad Summer 9 Song: Mattress Typed by: Steven N Chorus 2X All your secrets stay safe All your liars will lay All your stories are staged On that mattress Ain't no way to ignore yourself A lot to say, no one to tell We all think that you're so cool cause nobody knows that nobody knows you Paint brush color up them flaws Break up send them broken laws You can't share all the facts with a home made crosshair on your back Everybody wanna tell the tale Like the chips might fall but they never fail You still don't realize, take a look around Do we seem surprised So we don't even need to know  About the poor decisions that feed your growth Nah, we just wanna see the now what Can you keep a secret, can you keep your mouth shut Chorus 2X You can't even tell your mirror Anyone can seem so sincere Watch whatever you volunteer Voices argue all over here She was pointing at a hand  When she said let's move this ball to the bed First time on the field hit a homerun Wash your hands, don't tell no one Better check yourself Cause the best part of you the part kept to self Will never forget how it felt Look at how well you dealt with the guilt now Chorus 2X You gotta secret but everybody does And the whole damn courtroom wanna be the judge You don't wanna be distracted And take our minds off our own malpractice Everybody talk about their past Like today's mistake is gonna be the last We wanna see behind your mask Like we ain't got our backyard to trash Well this one drink and drive And that one there, she (?) wife Broken promises, deadbeat dads Overdoses, and one night stands Let's all make a mess And try to project some kind of perfection And let me sing you a song Cause I ain't the first thing you ever did wrong The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Atmosphere Album: Sad Clown Bad Summer 9 Song: Don't Forget Typed by: Steven N It was still dark when Mark arrived Maybe 6:45 in the morning time In the tenth grade, we was tight friends But neither of us had a driver's license His mom was a flight attendant And she'd leave town with a Cadillac unattended So we used to get tempted,  That intense tendency to tend to what we wasn't meant to We would skip out on class and shit To go visit other schools, just tryin to act cool And looking back I have to laugh at it Cause all we did was burn up gas and flunk math fool But still it was super ill, I mean two teenagers in a new Seville With 1987 in the tapedeck That was a part of my life that I'll never forget It went... Chorus 2X The soundtrack still runs through my head I gotta keep every single step As old as we get, we don't forget We won't forget We don't forget And you can't tell me nothing about frontin We wasn't even sixteen yet, come on jump in Cruise control until we lose control Max the low end out to let it bruise my soul And god knows I should have been studying So maybe I could grow up and be somebody But I loved the looks that the girls shot at me from the bus stop When we pulled up in that caddy Good thing back then I had bad game  Otherwise there probably be a few with my last name Better that my true love was rap Now let it out on reverse, until the bad dub snaps Felt so right, forgot we was wrong Sittin at a stop light, singin along When I look in my rearview now, what would I see If I didn't have the music in my history, now give it to me Chorus 2X And we was just a couple of kids It was right around the same time that nobody was beatin the biz Had that, and I know you got soul On a tape that I made, recorded em off a (?) show I was addicted to the radio Make my request, and wait for it Holdin my finger on the pause button, like now go I guess that was the original download Rap videos and girls digits A fifteen pack of blank cassettes for Christmas Used to steal mom's change if it's easy to  We used to make up names for our graffiti crew Used to talk about makin it big And if we ever got rich, the way we would live Hey Mark, we ain't there yet but If you can hear my voice then turn your stereo up, like what... Chorus 2X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Atmosphere Album: Sad Clown Bad Fall 10 Song: Peyote Typed by: sensative_new_age_guy@hotmail.com [Verse 1] She goes by the nickname Peyote, her real name is Iris Appearance doesn't matter so I'm not gonna describe it She was a dancer down at edit this portion I can't name the spot, they don't merit the promotion But I been there look like any strip club Everybody slicked up trying to get they dick sucked Smoke and mirrors, you know fake magic tricks Like these people didn't come here just for ass and tits But this one in particular was popular with midlife ballers and white collar out of towners Plus it attracted athletic individuals that came here to play against the twins and the timber wolves Safe to say she made the rent good Twenty years of age a spot up in Kentwood She had the car, the dog, and the kitchen sink She had a drug-free body didn't even drink She had a sister who wouldn't stop giving her shit for dropping out of art school to be a stripper Iris was sick and tired of the questions But big sis didn't understand the perspective She knows her little sister isn't a slut But she objectifies herself and contributes to the gluttony Now here's Iris stealin' from the devil to buy some time to make life something special Where did you go? When did you fall? That little one, you all grown up Oh how they've grown, those days are done Under the gun, now you are dealt Where did you go? When did you fall? That little one, you all grown up Oh how they've grown, those days are done Look at us, who you to judge? [Verse 2] Her oldest sisters name was Jocelyn Awfully slim, on a diet of bottled water and oxygen She lives on higher water by the Target And she dates a photographer, that's how she started modeling She ain't no supermodel, this is Minneap for that you'd have to move to Chicago Or maybe LA or NY Now she does what she does here and she gets by And her boyfriend gets a little currency Taking photos for advertising agencies Now he's gonna steal from the devil Stick it to the man, revolutionary rebel One afternoon after work he went to the strip club just to loosen up that shirt He and a couple job associates are gonna sink them drinks like they about to be extinct Never met his girlfriends little sister But she recognized him from cell phone pictures Any other circumstances she'd have hollered But topless in heels is a little bit awkward Eventually his friends leave And when he gets up, she grabs him by the coat sleeve Too drunk to catch what she says But he did offer her three hundred on some head, like When you do wrong it makes me want to do right It also cancels out the guilt that makes the load feel light It also gives some leverage to the morally impaired So make mistakes for us to hold over your hair The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Atmosphere Album: Sad Clown Bad Fall 10 Song: Party Over Here Typed by: sensative_new_age_guy@hotmail.com Party over here, fuck you over there [x8] [Verse 1] And there she blows, slip into the bathroom Lock the door, sniffing like a vacuum And I know that it ain't nobodies business But last time she was in there for twenty minutes Her roommate Ruth sitting at that booth Sucking on that wine like she's gonna find the truth Just wait 'till her lips turn blood red She'll fall in love with whoever, 'nuff said And that's Johnson He's always on some agro frat bro gangsta stompin' Acts like he's the only white boy from Compton If real G's show up, the attitude is gone Jill forgot that they agreed no coke Cause Jacks on the couch passed out with his mouth open Led Zepplin, Stairway To Heaven Stay in step cause anyone can have a weapon Just like Chad, real white trash Short fuse quick to put his foot up your ass Heads up, that's his wife Rebecca And I advise you to try not to smile at her And lets all have deep conversation Alcohol and dialogue, perfect combination Throw in a cokehead or a pothead Just can't stop them thought provoking topics Look somebody puked in the fridge Ain't that great, it's where the beer lives The music's too loud to hear the fire alarm And I'ma set a fire if you don't change the song C'mon [Verse 3] Nothing but love Yeah there was a party, many people came through Standing on the wall, cause that's what I do Small-talk shot dialogue push snooze Defense mechon cause I got a lotta shoes (issues) The moment got stolen by a lady in red With a campaign slogan about the straight edge But her sentence is broken Her focus a fraction The ash on her Camels at an inch and a half And her voice starts to crack And her head starts to twitch And Ant looks at me like, What's up with this bitch? I can tell by the stains and the way she complains That pills ain't to blame and it ain't cocaine Shes had too, too, too much coffee [Verse 2] Nate must have drank a lot of Black Label Tryin' to play the Rottwieler under the table Now light another cigarette off of the stove Both ya'll drunk, which one of ya'll drove? These people need to stay off the sauce I'm shocked that the neighbors ain't called the cops The music, the drunk, the fights out front And half of these kids ain't even near twenty one Who's party is this, who's home is this? How'd I get here man, I do grownup shit Let me know when your games are all done Cause I can't fuck with these games you call fun Have fun [x11] Party over here, fuck you over there [x8] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Atmosphere Album: Sad Clown Bad Fall 10 Song: Make the Sun Come Out Typed by: funnyman_27@hotmail.com About noonish, I woke up to the music Blaring outta the clock I inherited from pops After snooze is hit twice or trice I climb off of this madras to go find my life Where's my wifey at? Wait, that's right She slept at her sister's, 'cause we had a fight last night Looks like one of her cat's got sick That's either vomit or shit, right next to the fridge There's no coffee left, just tea, green Did my best to try to make believe that it was caffeine After a minute, I had a cold shower And oh, I was pissed off at no hot water Hello landlord as I get dressed Expressed my stress in the message that I left So when you get a chance, please call me Gotta go, just found cat shit in the clean laundry And yesterday's pants is the option There's already money in the front pocket No snow yet, but it's still freezing So I throw on a coat with a hoodie underneath it Ignore all the bills on the table 'Cause I don't love 'em - fuck 'em, who told them I was faithful Shoes, keys, wallet and my temper Out the front door into a cold November Now wait a minute, look who got a parking ticket I live here, why I need a fucking permit? I guess underground rap has its perks 'Cause all of the sudden the speakers don't wanna work Stereo is dead, no lights, no features And hold up, the heater ain't on either It must be a fuse, at least it starts I dip to the shop that sells the car parts And the cashier is like, man I don't know shit But you ain't gonna treat me like I don't know shit Bob, that's your job Bob, do your job Bob Sell me a fuse and point me to the door knob Installed the fuse and let the heater blow Music comes on, thermometer is three below Son's mom calls, I answer it on speaker phone At same damn time, someone backs into my vehicle Turn the auto-pilot on man I just wanted to go to the studio to write a song man Meltdown now, might as well ?blank out? ?Shine'll come back? once we pull up to Ant's house That's the place I bury, all of the weight I carry Southside basement, that's like my sanctuary I love life - that's what this one's about So go ahead and hit record and ?let? the sun come out, now The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Atmosphere Album: Sad Clown Bad Fall 10 Song: The Rooster Typed by: newos_crib_is@hotmail.com [Verse 1] Blue collar Eddy and his better half Dolores Used to be mantelpieces down at the Black Forest And I don't know if that bar still exists But when it did, so did they, a couple bleeding heart kids Everything volatile, every night Vodka style Hop a stool, be discrete and just watch a while But do your best to keep the level observational Drama is attractive so push it when it takes a pull And each night's a random, when you've paid a ransom For the right to sing along with them drinking anthems And these fools paid so many dues That everybody stops to salute But one night after another fight A couple from an opposite table offered an invite Dolores didn't want to join 'em, wasn't feeling social But Eddy was so aggravated that he had to poke holes He walked over, sat in the dialogue And called at Dolores like some kind of dog She can't believe it, she's done, she's had it But she doesn't want to make another scene in this establishment She got up and moseyed over And put her arm up around Eddy's shoulder Nobody's sober, the song is the same Sometimes you stick out your chin to catch the rain [Chorus] {X2} You could be a winner, you could be a loser Gotta wake up when you hear the rooster Sometimes it's just too simple to live your life wrong Gotta do right for you when the time comes [Verse 2] The clock keeps drinking, they keep ticking There's two more people who get to play positions Samantha and Chuck, not a couple, just roommates Out having too many shots on a Tuesday Who knew they'd be tools for the duo? Put a little bit of fire on the fuel It's a kind of blue, intentions ain't cruel But everybody's so ready to bend up the rules Now there's Chuck staring at Dolores Eddy is distracted by Samantha so he doesn't notice And everybody's too fucked up To even assess the mess, much less care enough More whiskey, a picture, a premium Eddy's getting tipsy, he didn't see it coming On his way back from a visit with that urinal Tryna straighten out his thoughts and the vertigo Weaves through, stops when he seen 'em Picture perfect, it looked just like freedom Dolores on Chuck's lap kissing him hard Eddy dipped into the winter, left 'em all at the bar Sometimes you got to follow what's felt inside Between the power struggles and selfish pride No one's allowed to cry, unfair Because now they're both good to drink alone somewhere [Chorus] {X4} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Atmosphere Album: Sad Clown Bad Fall 10 Song: Lyndale Avenue User's Manual Typed by: sensative_new_age_guy@hotmail.com We could try to change to make a new life Don't mean we gon' do right tonight We could try to change to make a new life Don't mean we gon' do right tonight [Refrain] Hey mother, don't let them know you They hunger to hold you down and control you Hey lover, don't let 'em love you They'll lay on top of you to stay above you [Chorus] {X2} We could try to change to make a new life Don't mean we gon' do right tonight We could try to change to make a new life Don't mean we gon' do right tonight [Verse 1] We all need something we can stake the blame on It can't be your dance that made this rain storm It must be the alcohol, and you hate this place cos the town's too small And everybody there's so fake Be a brand new day if they was half awake Smile'n your face like 'yes sir' Waitin til ya turn your back so they can whisper And you ain't tryin' to love none of 'em Na, ya know better right? Ya learned something But even If The first few burst through They only pursue cause they wanna hurt you It comes with a smokers cough Gonna turn it on until it's broken off Cos suffering didn't crush his 'just not enough' They wanna hold you down until they lock you up [Chorus] {X2} We could try to change to make a new life Don't mean we gon' do right tonight We could try to change to make a new life Don't mean we gon' do right tonight [Refrain] Hey sister, don't let them touch you So friendly when they're close enough to cut you Hey mister, don't let them break you The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Atmosphere Album: Sad Clown Bad Winter 11 Song: Don't Stop Typed by: newos_crib_is@hotmail.com All right, see I ain't really all that famous, yet But I'm not a nobody neither Just doing our thing Sometimes we do it right, sometimes we do it wrong Doesn't matter, either way it gets done It gets done our way [Verse 1] Can't really pinpoint when I made the big choice God never spoke to me about my thin voice It ain't like I was handed a mission I won't front, I'm just another man of tradition I guess its best to check inside of the music Rap groups back in my youth got me boosted Couldn't stop the usage, call me opportunist The turntables plugged in? Fuck it, gotta do it Beats back then broke the button on my rewind Opened up my mind to notes, drums and time Started memorising everybody's rhymes Spitting your shit like I was going for mine Introduced me to funk, rock and jazz So amazed as to how the DJs chopped the samples Some nod their heads, some pop they ass So it was only natural for me to cop a handful [Hook] Between what it is and what can be I'm here just to keep you company You ain't got to be in love with me Just don't stop beating them drums for me Between what it is and what can be I'm here just to keep you company You ain't got to be in love with me Strange how far you mark for me [Verse 2] So put the jam on and move forwards Roll up the windows and sing a chorus And give it more until the life drops Nef turn off the speakers, boom box or the iPod No stopping me, you can't possibly What you thought I'd do, Ant's got a lot of beats Shake your ass in celebratory fashion It's not the spot for you to come relax mam Ain't nothin like Hip Hop music The shoe fits, gotta show and prove it Ask god how much is too much He wrote a note in the clouds, said "Keep fucking them up" I used to live in those headphones All alone stuck in my zone But today I got a king and I'll follow the dream Just to see what tomorrow can bring, ding, ding [Hook] [Verse 3] Oh, they don't like my crew Because we don't sound nothin like they think we sposed to That's cool, I guess it ain't for you But I'm still comin through with what I came to do Been in love with it since I was a kid It protected me, watched over what I did I was a junkie, I couldn't get enough of it Probably should've predicted that I'd be up in it (Fuck with it) Your gonna have to kill me to stop me I'm a grown ass man, this ain't no goddamn hobby The bread's all soggy and them kisses are sloppy But I still love rap from the soul to the body Give it everything that you know Because the people in the crowd is trynna let it go She might need a little something for them nerves Make her way up front to mouth along with the words She say... [Hook] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Atmosphere Album: Sad Clown Bad Winter 11 Song: 66th Street Typed by: newos_crib_is@hotmail.com Hi, can I help you? [Verse 1] I think it was a Sunday, sometime in January I could be wrong and I guess it isn't necessary But I remember that the ground was made of snow And if you went outside, you better take your coat I must have been nineteen years old I had a cashier job at a convenience store Working the counter making minimum doe Selling discount smokes to the neighbourhood folk I didn't pay much thought to his ski mask It's Minnesota man, your face will freeze fast But I bet that I looked sorta dumb When I first caught sight of his bright orange gun There I am, adrenaline high and Tryin to decide how I feel about his right hand Is that a goddamn? Wait a minute It is a flare gun and guess where he's aiming it You probably ain't here to win the lottery So you obviously gotta be robbin me He nodded his head so opened up the till And grabbed a paper bag for the money cause I know the drill I handed him the cash and the food stamps He just stood there looking all confused and I'm thinking "Yo, why the fuck ain't he movin?" C'mon crazy white boy, don't do somethin stupid That bag is worth maybe two-thirty Not enough for you to pull the trigger back and burn me By now you should be down the street Ain't you never seen the way they do this shit on TV? Yeah it was fun but it's done, now get out "Ah, do you want me lay down on the ground and start countin crops?" Before the ski way even started noddin I was already on that, one one-thousand, two one-thousand The front door beeped, I heard him leave So I called my boss and the Richfield police Gotta close the shop and lock the doors Cause some trailer trash just robbed the store {*Phone call between Slug and police officers*} [Verse 2] Everybody acted so suspicious I guess the flare gun story seemed fictitious Are you accusing me of petty embezzlement? Don't you see my left over adrenaline? Bosses and cops can't be my friend Never felt loyalty to either again And to keep it real, the irony didn't set Until a year later when I got fired for stealing cigarettes The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Atmosphere Album: Sad Clown Bad Winter 11 Song: They All Get Mad at You Typed by: newos_crib_is@hotmail.com [Verse 1] Once upon a time there was a concept Someday we can all escape the nonsense Work hard, let the rewards connect and Maybe we can sweep up all the trash off them front steps Silly man, he believed in that ethic Seeds planted, the needle to the record It's in the plans that he set out to perfect But every few steps was a feast with a message Boost these up for them have-nots Let's separate the players and the mascots Little bit of success is a backdrop And you kind of look like a jackpot Give me what you got or get got Ain't no getting off at the next stop Don't get caught with a wet top I thought the best shop was the best spot I guess not [Chorus] {X2} They all get mad at you, so see-through Not much they had to do but read through Turn off that attitude, they need you No time to act a fool, just be cool [Verse 2] Now keep your defence up right No choice but to be tense, uptight Not one type and the other just might Throw shots at your body, character even love life But why they got to turn your meals in? Try and not to hurt them feelings But burnt pride or burn that ceiling In between the search and the curse of the dreams man Girl, look at how they stare at ya Pass judgement, together they're chapters Come back a year after, they're happily ever after And I wonder what the world will look like from their ladder And now you had it up to right there Hey mama, put the kid back in the high chair Act like you care that life ain't fair Nah, let 'em finish up their nightmare [Chorus] {X2} [Verse 3] Open up them cracks, you can't overreact It don't stop but you seem so relaxed You know they gonna cross over them tracks But it thoughts like that that keep holding you back Is that really how it works now? Is they hurt style ever worthwhile? Return it with a smirk or a smile Cause you took yourself off the dirt pile when you had your first child It's too easy to call it envy Everybody want to be all they can be New graffiti make 'em feel so heavy But they all get friendly when your walls are empty It's always the same approach They just want a little thing to hold You can't save they soul so just chase your goals Let 'em hate far away or let 'em hate up close, now [Chorus] {X2} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Atmosphere Album: Sad Clown Bad Winter 11 Song: Beautiful Typed by: newos_crib_is@hotmail.com [Verse 1] Beautiful is how we know you though Rebel, rebel, for all your people Until the talons of the bald eagle Reach out and rip the back of your head off leaving your skull peaceful Beautiful is how we know you though We were all taught to root for the underdogs One nation under got complex No wonder we all wanna watch 'em undercover cops Beautiful is how we know you though So beautiful, so upset Came from a place that bred success So shame on the grass on that side of the fence Beautiful is how we know you though Guess daddy didn't hold you enough I ain't saying that you never had to struggle for a buck Or some luck or some love, motherfucker join the club Beautiful is how we know you though Give the kid a paintbrush and a subject Self-portrait caricature of the undead Skeleton staring at a picture of the sunset Beautiful is how we know you though Misunderstood is not a birthright The monster lost control after the first bite Master your high life, bitch get your swerve right Beautiful is how we know you though It ain't new to you, ain't that unusual And we knew you fully meant it when you drew Your little line in the sand and chose to stand with the beautiful Beautiful is how we know you though I hope you live to tell the war tale yourself I wish you well on escape from your hell But 'til then stay the fuck off my doorbell The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Atmosphere Album: Sad Clown Bad Winter 11 Song: Ha, This One Is About Alcohol Too Typed by: newos_crib_is@hotmail.com OK, I'ma have to see some I.D. from everybody here, except you huh So what's it gonna be? You all look like whiskey people to me [Verse 1] Never sick of listening to your problems Your boss threatened that you're gonna lose your job then You fought with your neighbour and he called the cops man Your wife left you and she took the dog, damn! Looks like you came to the right place Take a shot just to wash away the taste We don't know your name but everybody knows your mad face Save that seat for anyone that caught a bad case Every day is overcast, pains in the lower back Bones that you didn't even know you had Not sure but you think your best friend stole your lawn mower ...That would explain why he stopped coming over You ain't seen the doctor in a while Even longer for the dentist, I can tell by your smile Still making payments on a car That's sitting on a spare flat in your backyard Stacks of bills on a messy kitchen counter Ring around the blue-collar cause the hot water heater's down Here, put a couple of these down And sing the blues like they supposed to sound [Hook] Here comes a beer, catch all your tears Drink the remedy, forget about your problems Here comes a shot, lose all your thoughts Drink the remedy, forget about your problem This one's on me, fix you for free Drink the remedy, forget about everythang This one's on me, got what you need And take your medicine, you'll feel better friend {And then she said, "Did you put, did you put it in?} Wha-What? {Did you put it in yet?"} You know what? {And I was like, I was like...} You know, I'ma turn the TV on I'ma turn the TV on, I don't want to hear about this [Verse 2] Used to be you just get in the car and steer All alone, just you and them stars up there Find a highway outside of the gen-pop Turn up the music, go till the engine stops And that's life but with these guy's prices It's cheaper to just drink yourself to sleep, huh Dependency can be your best friend once you know That drugs and alcohol is all you've got that's dependable It's enough to make you wanna huff on paint again And lock you in the bathroom with the Jameson Nah man, come down here and make a friend If you do right, won't remember tonight We still open so have another cold one Until you don't recognise where you woke up And don't throw up, nah hold your liquor My tattoo gorilla be quick to eighty-six ya Now get lost in the river of smoke As it floats towards the ceiling that measures your growth Life is better with a poor memory But don't forget to leave a tip on the bar for the remedy [Hook] Ay buddy wake up, wake up Wake up, there's no sleeping at the bar man, get up It's time to settle out your tab You've had, you've had enough You've got, you've got to go home, wake up Yo, aiyyo, ay Stevie come over here man, check this guy He's still dazed? Hey buddy Artist: Atmosphere Album: Strictly Leakage Song: YGM Typed by: sensative_new_age_guy@hotmail.com [Verse 1] Rough, rugged and raw, nobody saw us So I smashed through the windows and dashed with it all Didn't even leave the broken glass Put it all in the van and took it home to stash We don't bargain, we throw darts man No money, pull honeys at the park jam So give it up this is Sean and Ant's stage Yours is on the floor with your permanent mad face You hit last place like you didn't know you would And caught a bad case like you never over stood Damn shame just a waste of track tape I bet them raps taste just like an ash tray You kittens gotta be kiddin' All that hyperbole your spittin' is probably bitten Look at the teeth marks, check the dental records Go take a second to locate them exits, bitch Believe it's time for you to believe it Clean out your desk and turn the keys in It's termination day for these half wits Flappin' them lips from the cradle to the casket You mundane like Sunday traffic About as much threat as a wet book of matches They show me where the mic was, I grabbed it Took the stage and made the fans feel fantastic Atmos follow with the fear Don't be talking off my ear while I'm swallowing my beer Get the fuck outta here with your act Same type of cat that likes to talk shit behind your back Stab it, in your face like what's happening The brighter the lights the bugs come, it attracts em' Nowadays I keep to self so tell your girlfriend to take her eyes off of my belt buckle So fuckin' hungry the tummy rumble Gotta be more then just another monkey's uncle So I'ma get dumb this album And do it like I don't give a damn about the outcome Slide past the trash that's hatin' Slit the tree in half and crack the pavement Wrote graffiti on the mainstream application Was validated enough - we had the ladies masturbatin' After Satan laughs his ass off We'll all love hip hop, we'll all have bad jobs And even there on that assembly line I'll remember to remind you bout your empty rhymes On lunch break I'll battle you for those cupcakes Do it for the love or just to prove you're a fuckin' fake And after I catch a kiss from the receptionist I'm gonna pose like this I don't quit, I never have If you step in the act you better be better then that You can talk your shit like whatever, dag But excuse me miss we need to check your bag huh You're stealin' now give me back my style How does it feel tryin' to piggyback my crowd Say it loud, break it down, take em' out Like "give me this, I'm young, gifted and mixed" Wooooooheeeeee That's what I'm talking about Yo Ant I wanna holler at some friends I wanna say what's up to Plain Ole Bill I wanna say what's up to Puck Los Notivos, Stage 1, I Self Devine Cool Hakim, Brother Ali, Kancer, Mole Man Jimmy 2 Times, Budda Time, BK One Blueprint, The Chosen Few, my man Real Proof J-Bird, Kevin Peacher, Joe Good And my little brothers Jordan and Nathan Yo Sadiq I didn't forget about you man Let's get these swimming pools! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Atmosphere Album: Strictly Leakage Song: Little Math You Typed by: newos_crib_is@hotmail.com Oh they don't know nothin bout no hip hop Look at 'em, look at 'em man Little suburban fucks What the fuck you doin at your shows homie? Don't listen to 'em Math You, do your thing [Verse 1] Little Math You, fifteen, suburban And it ain't shit if it ain't the cursin version With the sticker on the front to piss off his dad Just tell that bitch to get off the rag, huh Little Math You from the burbs gotta here it It's like the only thing that puts the nerve in his spirit Go ahead and make some ruckus for the hell of it And yell it on the streets about monotonous development Your telling me that this ain't for him right How many y'all motherfuckers get an invite? Give him access and let Math You here ya Wait a half a year and he'll be rapping in that mirror And when he does, check him on his royalty Was peace when he just played the piece of the royalties Love is love if that's what you give I couldn't give a fuck about where you grew up or where you live It goes... Oh you a star now huh You large now, your too large to talk Don't forget I used to give you free refills motherfucker [Verse 2] Forget snitchin motherfucker, stop bitchin If you afraid of rats get the fuck out the kitchen They only come when you cookin up a mess And I'm supposed to be impressed by your bulletproof vest? That come back, gun packin touch act Thug chapter bout entertaining as a bug zapper Fuck that, add up all the stories in your raps And subtract each one that isn't really from your past Take the remainder and multiply With how many times in your life you thought that you was gonna die Divide that sum with the outcome Of how many kids you had before you dropped an album Low ceiling for the masses of dope rappers Most of dope dealers that I know got broke ladders Try to juggle both factors, shit I can't imagine that math I'm just a high school brat But I know what matters is that I gave it everything that I have Cause I'm a son and a dad Trynna learn mathematics for the growth I'm out, I got to hit the gym so we can film a video Aiyyo Sky {What up?} I was wonderin if you got the time If you can go online and look up and see if you can find me a gym {Yep} That'll let me smoke up in there {No problem} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Atmosphere Album: Strictly Leakage Song: Full Moon Typed by: newos_crib_is@hotmail.com [Hook] The moon is full, you can't fake that light No room to move, nah the space got tight Don't need no knife here, we break up fights Put your good shoes on, get your make-up right And the ladies in the pla-pla-place so fly Make you want to go home and wake up your wife And I like it right, could never hate my life In fact I'm quite excited, I get to play tonight [Verse 1] Mr. Soundman, turn up the bass I want to feel the beats disturb my heart rate We came in the door cause we wanted to escape And forget about the world burning in front of our faces We all paid dues, we all working hard Some fools even had to pay a service charge We sit at a thirsty bar Now give more 808, and turn up the guitars Tell the security guards to relax Cause these people came to get away from all that Them bouncers can't go bounce, they own balls flat But we came to have a good time - now fall back "Rhymesayers" You know that's my team Ask around, we kind of nice with the rap things We came to stick up the rhythm So poor, made 'em want to put my kids in prison Spotlights, I'm a social moth I'm here to mark the tree then I'm rolling, gone Next shop gets broken off Now open up your top and don't quote me wrong I said this one here is what we call a good crowd Roof caught fire, whole block got took out Whoever's on after me better keep a look out The sun goin down, I'm about to let the wolf out [Hook] [Verse 2] Hit the stage like a war vet Hoping that the band members remember the set Knowing damn well that I'm the one that forgets "Hey man, I thought we specifically asked for a cordless" Tangle up all the microphone cords Till I'm tripping on 'em like I've done a hundred times before Even if I fall off stage and hit the floor Becomes part of the show, keep giving 'em more I like it when you dance and move your shell and it's Too soon to tell if you smooth and swell with it Felt good to see you do it for the hell of it "That's why I'm here today and touring for president" ...Ch-ch-ch-check out Penelope Right next Stephanie, Wendy, Bev and Steve Rapping with my songs and repping me Thanks to all y'all for being part of this little legacy Got busy and it won't stop So let the bid he's hot, and try to ditch the cops We don't need another 50 or another Iggy Pop Just raise the roof now, show me what your city got We found a lot of pounds out of town Was deep underground but it seems so loud now Sound never stopped and the crowd never wound down Puff no, huff girl, I blow that house down [Hook] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Atmosphere Album: Strictly Leakage Song: The Things That Hate Us Typed by: ej20umass@hotmail.com See I come from a time when They didn't put rear view mirrors on the passenger sides of vehicles [Verse 1] And this is for those that still drink malt liquor Put the poison in your body just to pass out quicker When death calls best believe it's gonna get all Emotional cause I ain't goin to hell without my menthols Damn cable TV got me trapped in Girls actin dumb and cops beatin black men Overfill, overkill, tryin to deal Call the toll free and order my some diet pills, aight? Got me looking at the sugar in the Kool-Aid that you made You need to chase it down with some toothpaste Still stuck to the simple things Yep, the struggle in between a couple of Krispy Kremes I have to ask if you could pass that half in half To get my coffee back on track Big ups to all the carbonated hiccups The energy drinks and the suicide big gulps Gonna find happiness in the fast food Supersize, a triple bypass heart attack too Distract you with these colorful tattoos To cover up the fact that we feel like bad news [Hook] Uh, we love the things that hate us Push snooze again girl, I don't want to wake up America the beautiful, that's how she played us Wasn't that cute, it must have been her make up Tryin to grab everything that she gave us Just take it back in the math on that pay stub Lookin at the neighbours like wait up (wait up) Uh, we love the things that hate us [Verse 2] Pain killers help find some feeling Crack the Vic in half just to break the time seal and Take it by yourself on the living room carpet Do a little bump just to clean your apartment, huh I seen your wife, she's not the truth I understand why you like to pay them prostitutes, yes Strip clubs, gun shops, oh Jesus Right next to the liquor store for your convenience Everybody say "Ho" for the Cuervo You can drive if you promise to be careful Turn the radio up and light a doobie And keep actin like life is like a movie This is for the needles you shared Cause them after school TV specials is too square Cook the coke for your own consumption On some JoJo dancin old school, what's your function? As American as herpes and hot dogs Got lost between the mustard and the hot sauce Unprotected sex with that one you just met You ain't even got all your Hep shots yet, it goes [Hook] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Atmosphere Album: Strictly Leakage Song: Jewelry Typed by: newos_crib_is@hotmail.com [Verse 1] I never really understood a man's jewellery You soon to see me on some Karaoke super freak With a peace sign sweater and some Hammer pants Windows up, smoking weed in the ambulance Hopped out, 1988 battle stance Neighbourhood started to dance and made it avalanche Nobody got hurt, just lots of dirt Did the Michael Jackson kick and took off my shirt Broken wings coming out of my shoulder blades Poker face, hitting switches on my roller-skates Making soup out of Couscous and Froot Loops Moon walking down the block rocking some moon boots They don't know my name, I'm not that guy But they point and smile because I'm that fly Any day I get to stay way from bloodshed Becomes another night I get to ride into the sunset Traded in a horse for a bike So wave if you happen to see me on the South Side With a boom box strapped to my handle bars Zoom homie, take a bath in some caviar Getting drunk in the woods smoking a ci-gar Sitting on the hood of your car playing the gui-tar Face painted up to look like a circus clown Lookin around like everything's perfect now Match strike and light them candles Hold onto it, grab tight, a hand full You might be right, we might be assholes, shit We from the land of the ice-cream castles I never could fake respect What's it gonna take to make all them dots connect I must be old cause you look like a fool to me I never really understood a man's jewellery [De La Soul sample] "But you gots to keep it for real, forget about your jewels and..." The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Atmosphere Album: Strictly Leakage Song: Get it to Get Her Typed by: newos_crib_is@hotmail.com And then he asked me if he could bring her over to my house And I'm like "What, are you going to fuck her in my den?" Get it to get her {*X4*} [Verse 1] Playboy ain't got his own place His mom and his sister are both his roommates Where you gonna bring a lady friend? You gonna get her pregnant in your basement? You wanna explore her body But mommy might come down and do the laundry Can't put your girl on all fours When your sister's room is one floor above yours You not in school, you not employed Fulltime, full grown momma's boy You ain't making no choice When you ain't even worth your own weight in coins Then she gon laugh her ass off And this time it ain't cause you took your pants off No struggle, still like snapshot Low hustle waiting on jackpot Do the grind like you do the time Nice shoes on her mind and whips so fine and Y'all won't find no losers climbing Up in her, up in her [Hook] We don't work, we don't need ta We don't work, we don't need ta get it to get her! Get it to get her {*X4*} [Verse 2] A man is only as good as the woman Now take a look at the one's you know then Think about who you wish was wifey And what you doin to make the fish bite You better have a pay check It's like another kind of safe sex The ethics connected to your favourite toy Don't nobody wanna mate with a lazy boy Motivation to keep it live If you want a real queen bee for that hive And even if you got cash, it doesn't mean you get a pass ...Trash, trash, trash I don't know what they told you, what show they showed you But things are tough all over Debts, bill collectors, threats, whatever Check, check, still better than ever Home is home even when its bill grown Now quit rappin and go get a real job Ain't no girl deservin to be wife Gonna wanna complete your worthless life [Hook] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Atmosphere Album: Strictly Leakage Song: Domestic Dog Typed by: newos_crib_is@hotmail.com Hahaha, yo did you see that? Yo she pushed her cart right into that Escalade Hahaha [Hook] Women at the bar want to be a star Stop her on the street, she thinks you a freak It's illegal to flirt when we at work So nowadays I score at the grocery store [Verse 1] You are what you eat, no pretending to be So I push my cart like an extension of me Bump, bump, nope I can't fund I'm the one that's probably gonna hit your cart more than once Like "Excuse me, sorry, I didn't see you there Yeah, I didn't see you there, with your pretty hair In the condom isle, with your awesome smile Tomorrow we should watch Lost, hang out a while" She's got cheese, can't tell if it's cheddar But you did see the way she held them bell peppers Clean enough to put soymilk in the potbelly Skank enough to buy sushi from the hot deli It's ok though, butter and mangos Down at the cold isle, organic tomatoes Even the chain stores attract angels Old food, safe way, traitor jokes, rainbow Nipples erect in the ice-cream section Steam up the glass and steal my breath And you know damn well I'ma bring the dick Call me the Kool-Aid man and sing my shit (oh yeah) [Hook] Yeah, yeah Actually I would like a few samples Alright? Thank you [Hook] [Verse 2] Yeah, yeah, we've all heard the old phrase Felt like the start of a mid-eighties porn tape Both of us reach for the last box of corn flakes Headphones kickin, she was listening to Ghostface Nah baby, go ahead and cop them shits I'll just settle for a box of kicks Turned off the iPod to talk I don't know what she said, I was watching her lips Pressing P interrupted by the culprit She had no idea that I was shopping with a full clip So many bullets, she should have been insulted But she didn't, that's all that matters isn't it? No bullshit Flow and swerve through my chosen words Miss pumpin power to open hers Yeeeah I be chilling by the frozen deserts And if this don't work, I'm going to church [Hook] Nah, nah, nah, paper, paper Nah for real put it in the paper bag With handles, handles! [Hook with different last line] So nowadays I score at the gro-gro-gro [Hook] Uh, excuse me What? Yeah what's your? Sarah, yeah Sarah Could you do me a favour and uh, could you put the eggs on top? Wooo... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Atmosphere f/ Blueprint, Brother Ali, Muja Messiah,  	Stage One, St. Paul Slim, Toki Wright, YZ Album: Strictly Leakage Song: Crewed Up Typed by: newos_crib_is@hotmail.com [Verse 1 - Stage One] They call me Bad Lieutenant when my eyes are squinted Child of the 70s and the 80s was in it Lost the first homeboy in the 9-0 and liable To get the gun buckin at 5-0, I'm tribal I'm from a place where the *niggas* are jelly And pretend to be your friend and put one your belly And you can keep on yelling, the cops won't come You want beef, we got burgers and then some We from the era when we learned on our own Runnin wild in the streets with both parents at home Kind of hard to find a young un alone - caused we was crewed up Taggin on the walls taught wars and getting chewed up [Verse 2 - St. Paul Slim] Now I don't know about y'all, but I'm bout to make a small fortune By taking small things and blowing em out of proportion Using sarcasm as my second language Look mom I'm famous, I mean I'm flagrant You say you write your best rhymes when you high I say I write my best rhymes cause I'm fly This is why I'm cold, I'm Minnesota nice If you want my CD I will give you special price Haha, take Trummond's advice St. Paul Slim the best homie, none of its hype So please lil asshole, keep your mouth closed 'Fore your momma be like "Look at my son, he out cold" [Verse 3 - Muja Messiah] You could tell I'm focused by the look in my eye You could see I'm dirty by how clean my kicks is You know I tell the truth, I got no reason to lie Hey, like I tell my chicks "You ain't got a lotta kick it" All I'm trynna do is get a piece of the pie And turn these bricks into a legit business Now run along and go home to your wives And leave me and Slug here to play with these bitches You know I spit the sickest sickness since syphilis Mixed with malaria, fuck it, the more the merrier B-Boy, D-Boy, yep I'm in your area Muja Messiah uh huh, hello America [Verse 4 - YZ] Yo, yo, y'all wack, yo what the fuck is new? I'm back wit Atmos and the crew To do this you need style, I thought you knew It's not a diss, yo it's just my point of view Maybe if I turn sideways, y'all *niggas* will Throw lyrics my way instead of the highway Now getting ran over by cars and Land Rovers We starred, you sub par, maybe send your man over Pardon, you gon' step to this Spit phat, not anorexic shit Come stacked boy, it ain't no need to go there I knock rappers out, y'all scratch and pull hair [Verse 5 - Brother Ali] I hustle hard for the love of god My life has been the biggest struggle for the bloody start I knuckle up and throw the hands of my thug at heart So when the shit hit the fan I don't come apart, I breathe and shrug it off Atmosphere - the Big Brother's big brothers Catch is here to turn king to wrist cutters Just trust it ain't no regular shit That's a polite asshole and a sensitive pimp You would think it was a party, not a Cadillac Church mosque, have a knack Dr. Dre Training Day rappers don't know how to act Remove em all from my sight like a cataract Poof! It's a magic act [Verse 6 - Toki Wright] Walk over beats like DMC, three stripes thievery be three strikes, visa need three swipes DVDs, jeans clean, cuts brush dandruff Mobile phones, student loan, quarter blown pampers Chilling at the party in B-Boy stance And they looking at me funny, why? Cause they can't dance So I'm cutting up and strutting up, on buttercup but just enough To lean on top of this metropolis with binoculars Walk like a pimp, think like a Macintosh Battle scars, yah'll still trying to figure out your avatars Leave the cameras on, told ya partner that he can't perform Brought a torch to burn the building, he think I'ma hand it to him [Verse 7 - Blueprint] Yeah, yeah, I solemnly swear To fight the good fight as long as I'm here But sometimes the good fight don't seem fair Cause all the best soldiers we had ain't here They gone now, we all on our own now And most of those left ain't got no style You give em an inch they try to take a whole mile Too overconfident to keep a low profile Pump your brakes, stay in your lane A bunch of fakes chasing fame I'll punch your face and take your chain Sit your 5 dollar ass down before I make change [Verse 8 - Slug] Break these chips down, count your business Ain't nothing free, it's a James Brown Christmas So god bless the underground now and give it To the sound of the drums while none of us outlive it I treat Hip Hop like a sport Stay on my game, put my time on the court While you complain and get high some more Might explain why your team can't find support Now catch me in the back wit a whisky Chattin up a missy like I'm attractive and witty I have to dip to do my raps and get busy Why don't you come see me when I'm back in your city? The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Atmosphere Album: Strictly Leakage Song: What They Sitting For? Typed by: newos_crib_is@hotmail.com [Verse 1] Messing with the big Texas Hold 'Em Fools think I'm rich now, I'm always on the road and I no longer play this as much, think I lost touch What's the buy in? I'm bout to choke up When it comes to getting in a tournament I play safe cause I'm still kind of learning it Looking for a little help from the cards that are dealt, uh Pocket nine on the felt, well... Which of y'all want to call the big blind? Short stack to the left, all in, fine One more stayed in trynna re-raise But I played requests like DJ Fool you can splash chips, act big Swig that beer but don't forget me over here, yeah Keep my chips stacked up like a high rise Drinking water cause I gotta keep my mind dry I know you got face cards, so I'ma play hard And avoid the late charge Nine double Jack at the flop C'mon, Jake needs brand new games for his Xbox Fool, you can't even fuck with me You're the first to bet in that the turn becomes a queen And I seen that excitement scene When the bitch laid down, yep, you got a king ten Now I'm feeling like a winner Flocks of birds don't even need to see the river You want to go all in too? No problem, I called them, your chips is falling duke Full house when I pulled out my nines Turn a high rise into a skyline Damn guy, your stack came down in a landslide Yeah I'll pay for your cab ride The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Atmosphere Album: Strictly Leakage Song: That's Not Beef, That's Pork Typed by: newos_crib_is@hotmail.com Yo Anthony man, you just texted me again man Nah man no, he's trynna, he's trynna get me to do a verse on his shit Yeah same dude that used to talk all that shit back in the day It's total, total lack of self-respect on his part man [Verse 1] Surrounded by all these little piggies Round a pool table, holding on a glass full of empty When them rappers came out of nowhere to hit the spotlight Oinking at the crowd about who cares and not quite Pretty sure there was more on stage Than there was in attendance in the rest of the place I tried to give a listen, it was impossible The main dude sounded like his motherfucking mouth was full Understand what that train wreck looks like You've seen it before, bad rapper with a good mic Screaming like he means it like it's a classic verse Couldn't even make out a fraction of them words Minnesota, too nice for its own good Half of y'all should still have a cold foot Order me a refill, try to block it out And act like these little pigs didn't come from this brick house [Hook X2] Never meant to be a part of you or you I just want to be a part of one two, the one two [Verse 2] Get off the stage, smack your crew Real friends wouldn't let you act like a fool Your beats go "fa, fa, foof" And your girlfriend pretends that she don't even know you In your late twenties, ain't making any money Like an overweight ballerina, sad and funny We all think you so damn wild The way y'all still rock that talent show style No one's impressed with your extended set Except your idiot friends that you scribbled on the guest list Just to be clear, Atmosphere in here If you spitting a cappella I'ma spit in your beer [Hook X2] [Verse 3] Ten minutes later and they still up they yapping shit Turn the sound down and let us read the captions kid You did a song that was so damn passionate I almost had to piss my pants when I was laughing at it You look so goddamn dramatic man Everybody pulled out their phones to call an ambulance Your CD-R needs a little CPR You makin faces like you should of played the lead guitar You ain't an MC, you an MC's wardrobe Freak of culture like a white girl with cornrows Go ahead and do you, don't front If rap is just another excuse to smoke blunts, huh It's alright man, get yourself a hype man And come take up a couple more minutes of our life span Twin cities, tighten up and get busy Got all these little piggies trynna suck on these big titties [Hook X2] Of one two, the one two Of one two, the one two One two, the one two The one two, the one two The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Atmosphere (f/ Cuts by Plain Ol' Bill) Album: Strictly Leakage Song: The Old Style Typed by: sensative_new_age_guy@hotmail.com I swear to God if you fuckers fuck this up for the rest of us you will not get any pudding, none! (Do you wanna know why?) [Verse 1] The seventh of September was my date of birth I got to the clinic and I did the nurse Picked at the scabs until I made it worse But I still spit your girlfriend's favorite verse At least now I know somebody notices the loud guy from Southside of Minne-hopelessness I try to celebrate life when I can Most times I do it with a mic in my hand Sean Daley and Anthony Davis Twin Cities, they act like we famous Still nameless in places like Vegas So order up a round and over tip the waitress Got the ladies in the place going ape-shit Making faces at the radio stations A love-hate relationship  as if we're waiting for the preacher to sit down and let the choir take it And I'm trying to have the time of my life Work for my stripes and climb a few flights Try to keep the demons out of mind, out of sight But some I'm to weak to fight, you got a light? I stand beside every line that I write Wrote most my rhymes just to find me a wife And now that my better half got me hemmed up  I'm out here rapping about whatever the fuck It don't matter just as long as I mean everything set free from between these wings I could write a new joint and drop my view point Maybe cook up a hook and get a few coins A little real estate, to make us feel ok I need to keep faith and eat a decent meal today Hey, and even if these raps don't pay me  I'ma find a way to make the right hand pass the gravy So special, nice to have met you By this time tomorrow I'll probably already forget you Now gimme fifteen for the shirt And go tell your friends on your swim team I'm a jerk Set it off, it never stopped The only difference is now I'm eating better slop Look at your boy mother, employed by brothers Trying to make sure we all avoid the buzzards Every scar I wear I've earned Even the ones that I like to pretend I don't deserve But I don't question, cause God has vision I'm no savior, I'm just the recognants mission Taught ya'll how to bank off tour So thank me now and keep my name off yours He's got the pony tail, I've got the rabbit ears He's fly, I'm fly that's why they call us The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Atmosphere Album: Strictly Leakage Song: You Played Yourself Typed by: newos_crib_is@hotmail.com [Verse 1] What's up? My name is Sean, nice to meet ya So what brings you backstage in this theatre? Oh you're in the crew that plays first I shoulda noticed all four of y'all of wore the same shirts I bet you got a demo of your work right {That's what's up} Can you leave it with my merch guy? Well word up, good luck tonight And don't forget to drink water, and don't cup that mic, huh Do me a favour and stay away from Ant's beer No you can't bring your fans back here Nah I'm straight, you can keep your drugs in fact Keep em in the alley out back behind the club And drop the attitude Why you acting like that little sticky pass is some kinda right of passage dude Keep rapping till you get discovered But better believe it's last time we ever see each other [Hook] (Every second line spoken) Cause you played yourself Uh yeah, of course I remember you man, uh, how you been man? How you doin man? You played yourself They told me that you tried to pick a fight with your own DJ You played yourself Nah I didn't see your set man, I was, I was sleeping on the bus You played yourself Uh yeah, go talk to that guy, him, he'll give you some drink tickets, word [Verse 2] New York, at the Bowery getting down With Grayskul, P.O.S. and Fillmore Brown My first time touring with a live band Trynna hide all the fear behind the mic stand I just want to move around and keep it versatile But tonight some kid took it personal I stopped my set, yo what you yellin bout? With your middle up calling me sell out Then security rushed him like a gang fight Wait, don't kick him out, man it ain't right But they wasn't listening to Slug I'm just an artist on the stage, they don't really give a fuck So I finished up my set then Ran out the front door to see if I could catch him And there he was, mad and drunk So I gave him his money and sent him off with a hug [Hook] (Every second line spoken) Man you played yourself Man you can barely stand up, you trynna call me names, punk You played yourself I understand, I understand dude, I was just like you when I was 15 years old You played yourself Talking about, you ain't The Roots, you ain't The Roots, why you got a band man? You played yourself Do me a favour, throw away my CDs, I don't want you stupid fans [Verse 3] Girl please, don't treat me like you treat a toy You wouldn't look twice if I was the pizza boy (nope) You ain't got to flash me your ass and tits I'd rather fantasise that you're a rap advocate Look around, you see all these women? They came for the music, you came for the scenesterism The validating game is degrading Got me cornered at the bar to boost your ratings I'm getting too old for the trap Go wiggle that cleavage at the opening act, huh Plus you smell like a bucket of vodka I would never put my meat sauce up in that pasta The shows over, so why you waiting by the bus Like I'm supposed to be impressed with the basics You don't believe that I don't want to see you naked But I'm not hanging out, take care and stay safe kid [Hook] (Every second line spoken) You played yourself Yeah actually I have heard somebody say that to me before You played yourself You realise I can clearly see your clitoris through your jeans You played yourself Look you are closer to my son's age than, than you are to mine You played yourself Look, look, the li, the living legends are right there, right over there, go over there! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Atmosphere Album: Strictly Leakage Song: Road to the Riches Typed by: newos_crib_is@hotmail.com [Verse 1] When I was five years old I used to hear funk and soul Being played out my pop's hi-fi stereo Looking at the photos, buggin on the names With the fold out covers and the crazy illustrations I got older and bought my own records By thirteen I had three crates collected, huh And that's my pride, no time for white rides Kept on the grind and I stayed inside I was sort of a poser how I had my friends over Cutting up till we wrecked that direct drive loader Mom's turntable went through hell A whole lot of wicky-wicky trynna teach myself The records got stuffed cause the parties was rough But I still showed up to try to rock some cuts, what And I was young but the bigger kids reached out Give me five minutes on decks to freak out The type to get it right, maybe one night I be rapping bout my life on the cordless mic No matter how it look, always kept one foot Between records and books, and the suckers got shook Dreamed about it two decades straight Way before Rhymesayers first wax got made The music is my love and it is my business My name is Big Slug, I'm on the road to the... [Verse 2] I used to stand on the block selling four track tapes Trynna make enough papes to buy more blanks There was all kinds of hits, backpacks and drips Sweatshirts running network and guess and cred The word was spread with speed, the name grew like weeds Wasn't long till we took the lead Twin cities was little and the winter was bitter Getting bigger and bigger, they started taking my picture For the shit I spit, some rappers I knew quit Got jobs and a family, they just couldn't handle it Lice and rhyming, living like a roach On the ground and broke, holding onto the Hulk In a small town scene we stole like a thief No time to sleep with politics and beef, huh They all pussies, dicks and assholes Collecting stripes from little freestyle battles Many mics we gripped, any stage we'd rip Even with no chips we'd take them road trips Loyal members of the crew had my back to death Gene Poole, Musab, I Self and Stress All we had was rhymes, coming offa the mind For the first time in my life everything felt fine The turntables turn while the DJ's mix it I didn't know I was on the road to the... [Verse 3] The pop that rocks for props, he eventually stops And maybe hops on some desktop guest spots The gangster's muscle, are up in the puzzle But if their raps are wack they go back to the hustle I was the one on the opposite side of smoking a gun Taught me how to rhyme and how to run Make or break it, the hater's can't say shit Stayed awake late night in Ant's basement Take notes, spray painted the paved road The tapes sold, got lucky with "Scapegoat", huh That means work, in other words sewer van Peace to J-Berg, the man with the core plan Seeds get planted, hands get handshakes Damn straight, gonna keep goin till the man breaks And MC's who wanna make ends meet out on my route But never ever keep friendly Stack the blocks, catch that fox Rhymesayers locked on the Mid-West crops Troopers, soldiers, shoulder to shoulder Sold out the shows and give the groupies to my chauffer New tour dates, take the money, put out more tapes And call it foreplay, ready for the war games Sew it up and then FUCK with the stitches Atmosphere on the road to the riches... bitches! [Scratches] "And while I'm countin the money, you count sheep" The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Atmosphere Album: Sad Clown Bad Spring 12 Song: Less One Typed by: sensative_new_age_guy@hotmail.com [Chorus] {X2} Less one, just might lose breath Read me, my right's I've left Less one, just might lose breath [Verse 1] A routine stop, that's what he called it Registration, glovebox, license, wallet There's blood on the drivers face and neck So his police senses suspects it's a domestic  The girl looked like she took one to the eye with his hand on the gun he says 'drop the keys outside' Naturally the gentlemen asked them 'Why?' Now the gun's coming out the holster, that's his reply Passenger seat starts to scream  like she ain't ever seen the same thing on the TV screen 'Mam - shut your motherfucking mouth And sir - may I suggest that you unbuckle and get out' Door opens, left leg touched down  Within a split second upper torso was on the ground Like god damn, you could've snapped his spine Pigs knee to the back, hog-tied by the swine Girlfriend's tryna hold back tears And the driver's on the concrete yelling and swearing Officer got a little bit lost in the zone It all took him back to childhood, home sweet home [Chorus] {X2} [Verse 2] Doesn't understand the reasoning for being lenient And won't give you the chance for anything but obediance He got that from his drunk old man Heavy-fisted bag of piss used to throw those hands That's why he never goes easy on kids He's got his own kids now, he knows exactly how it is Now last week he caught his son smoking speed So if you meet you might catch a couple broken teeth Sometimes it can get so intense Profiling the type that likes to put dick up in his princess It used to be hippy's, then it was black dudes Now she only fools around with loosers, with tattoos Well fuck em all, get on the ground dirt ball And sing hymns for the sins that protect and serve ya'll Peace disturbed, eat that curve Or you're looking down the barrel of steel made of nerves Puts his life into his work and work back into life so wife thinks he's a jerk Ain't no tellin what them boots might do if she leaves him for someone that looks like you The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Atmosphere Album: Sad Clown Bad Spring 12 Song: Good Daddy Typed by: newos_crib_is@hotmail.com [Verse 1] He gave his baby boy a bath Tub full of bubbles and toys for him to splash Look at daddy, soapsuds moustache Funny faces and voices, it makes the baby belly laugh Dry him off, now you squeaky clean And watch the water spiral down that drain Wrap him in a towel so he doesn't get the shivers Brush his hair, it seems to help it dry it quicker Laid him on mommy and daddy's bed now that he's dry And put a diaper on him, gave him his pacifier Superman pyjamas, so tough Innocent face full of unconditional love Daddy picked him up and rocked him slow Never takes long for little guy's eyes to close Dad's technique is different than your mother's Never learned any lullabies, he sings Stevie Wonder's There it is, steady breathing, sleep rhythm Daddy sits and holds him just to listen for a minute Daddy's hands are the meaning of security And baby's hands are the evidence of purity Thinking back to the day baby came And how it changed the whole game, things ain't the same Daddy had to stop running it crazy Keep his ass in the home with the son and his lady He was there for the birth and the first breath Not gonna miss the first words or the first steps Gonna keep the boy healthy and safe And do his best to try to keep those tears off his face Gave him a kiss, laid him in his crib Turned out the lights, goodnight my little prince That's how good daddy takes care of him And then that good daddy goes downstairs to package heroin The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Atmosphere Album: Sad Clown Bad Spring 12 Song: Carry Me Home Typed by: sensative_new_age_guy@hotmail.com [Hook] "Got to change my way of living Got to change my style" [Verse 1] He remembers little bit of his childhood Sometimes bad, sometimes good But he never was one to blame today's grey sky on last week's rain So he see's everything face value Looks grim, it tastes bad too There's nothing to do except dupe, push down the wall and get through it I swear to god it's too stretched Too easy to slip or lose steps And the taller you are, the harder you fall that's why a lot of us crawl Mumma, please don't look now I've gotta walk over people I've took down It ain't as pretty as you probably think It's gonna take more than soap and a sink Tomorrow he'll drink to the guilt of every cheap wooden bridge that he's built Bury those skeletons in his head til you pick him up and carry him to bed [Hook] [Verse 2] Swimming through alcohol and woman Gets some gold spray paint for that lemon Everything he's got is not a given rock bottom on the flipside of top billin Not a victim, fuck the sympathy Figure it out, and kill the bitch in me Poor a little liquor out and call it a victory They said the sky was limit free No, don't trust none of these people Won't give him enough to love me for me so even when they welcome me into their kingdom Can't bring self to believe them It goes, folk hard tryna act like no flaw Turn it up til it burns that stove top Mr know it all, bad boy showoffs Red lights, no stops Mumma, this can't be the boy you raised me to be The drama, depression Afraid that it must be the Daley in me that's crazy Carry me home - take care of your baby [Hook] Don't wanna live like that, no Don't wanna live like that, no The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Atmosphere Album: Sad Clown Bad Spring 12 Song: Happy Mess Typed by: sensative_new_age_guy@hotmail.com [Verse 1] Remember that time that I made you so mad Last week right ha ha you know that It's not like it's all that rare So put it here and let me cherish the embarrassment I realize I've been a dick head yes And I respect how you question your investments I take the plane but it ain't to be impressive It feels like a cop out to label it lessons I've been though the rain but I've put other people through a hurricane just to work the game Some time I swim through so much shame I think my little man's blessed that he didn't get my last name And here you are right in front of me  offering it all like tell me what you want from me I wanna love you today and forever Let me clear my through and rub my wings together [Chorus] {X2} It goes: I'm not perfect but I'm this that and this My hands are dirty and I'm this that and this You've been searching for this that and this Let's break the surface and make a little happy mess [Verse 2] Whoo girl, you're the most beautiful thing I've seen Enticing, exciting Even the sound of your voice gotta nice ring Ya seem like the type that might help me tighten up my pipe dreams We can keep digging through this dirt Team up, you and I against the universe Think about it, What cha say to yourself You can wear my cape and I can play with your belt The truth is there now Stand with me, look into that mirror now And tell me you don't see the same image Gonna be a brand name babe once the rain is finished [Chorus] {X2} [Verse 3] I can't believe she got me on a ball and chain It's not a complaint, I appreciate it For all the dumb mistakes I make  I'm surprised baby girl ain't threw me away I never meant to hurt no one I just want to stay productive till the work is done I dance to a sertain drum but when I fell off beat you didn't turn and run, no You see me at my lowest moments You gave me sight when I had broken focus With a smile that opens up like a rose does Even when it all seemed so fucking hopeless And here you are, right in front of me Offering it all like 'tell me what you want from me' I want to thank you today and forever Let's make a little happy mess together You know [Chorus] {X2} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Atmosphere Album: Sad Clown Bad Spring 12 Song: Not Another Day Typed by: newos_crib_is@hotmail.com [Verse 1] Caught the bus at 5:06 That's in the AM for all you little trust fund kids And it's a forty-five minute trip If she ain't in by six, she'll catch another pink slip And that's three and that means fired The coffee thermos in the purse to help her keep wired The day-care where she drops the baby off Thank god it's on the same block as the bus stop By 5:30, she's halfway there And her back already hurts from the bus' plastic chair Live to work to live to work to live Gotta feed the kid and give it all she's got to give Plus she tryna catch a little overtime If she stays till four she could be home by five Shuts her eyes for the rest of the route And keeps her headphones loud to drown everything out But the same old song... [Hook] "Whoa... whoa, not another day!" Not another day of the same old song "Whoa... whoa, not another day!" Not another day of the same old song [Verse 2] Seemed like nobody even knew his name, huh If he disappeared would they even see the blank spot? The only kids who might notice are the ones who Push him up and down the hallways and in the lunchrooms Sometimes he looks at his bruises and wants to come to school with A gun like them kids on the news did But nah man they don't deserve to die He's the type that couldn't even murder a fly I guess you get used to the life Maybe that's why he refuses to cry Takes it on the chin, takes it in stride What doesn't break you just makes you stronger right? So he sits by himself on the school bus Hoping that today he wouldn't have to put his dupes up But just like any other, here they come To fuck with his comfort, can't wait for summer It's the same old song... [Hook] [Verse 3] C'mon, woke up at the taste of dawn When the city's bloodline starts to push it along The generators on those public buses Is enough to bust you out of any dream that you stuck in I guess that's the chance you taking When you camp out in front of that transfer station And this town got no answers to chase That's why he always sleeps near the transportation Panhandle it, transient freedom Transplant, he ain't from this region And when the wind starts to whisper its lips He knows enough to pack it up and dip out before the winter hits Childhood dreams washed down the gutter Both parents gone, no sisters, no brothers Weak memories, strong paranoia While the same song repeats in his head Over and over and over and over it goes... [Hook] {X2} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Atmosphere Album: When Life Gives You Lemons, You Paint That Shit Gold Song: Like the Rest of Us Typed by: framek@mail.ru See I've been here for thirty some years Lookin' at myself in the same dirty mirror So it ain't like I don't comprehend Open that bottle and swallow that friend No crime to take a little too much Got time to drink away a few months Got a little cocaine habit But he says he only does it If somebody else has it Go do that shit do that shit lady She went vegetarian for the baby Third trimester see the kid kick She showed me outside When she gave me a cigarette Shit there's no way to measure it But not every pony grows up to be a pegasus You gotta let people be hypocrites Count your blessings and mind your businesses Stuck with yourself like the rest of us Dirt gets done and then we back to dust Runnin' in place sun in my face Let me fly away heaven won't wait Heaven won't wait let me fly away Getting no way every day Just tryin' to keep my mind on work It's like That's the only way to love this life on earth It's like Everyone takes number one in the race Cause we all keep running in place Here kitty kitty can't train that fox Must be drinkin' that name brand scotch All of us cut from the same damn cloth Some of us never cut the price tags off She ended up on a pole With her heels pointin' At a jesus she used to know Stripped her down to her naked body We made her drown in a lake full of patriarchy And in between the pride and the misery With an infinite supply of sympathy Are these invisible walls that hold me Like this goldfish bowl is the whole sea see? Stuck with yourself like the rest of us Dirt gets done and then we back to dust Runnin' in place sun in my face Let me fly away heaven won't wait Heaven won't wait let me fly away Getting no way every day Artist: Atmosphere Album: When Life Gives You Lemons, You Paint That Shit Gold Song: Me Typed by: framek@mail.ru Yeah the child in the mirror was homely So he learned early on how to switch in to low key Little person observant and accurate Grew the skills to argue And the passion to back it with Kick over the blocks just to rebuild em Mom and pop used to pop sound familiar? Daddy had to leave but momma kept hurtin' So he stepped up to help be an anchor and a burden And right around the same time He started noticin' girls But they wouldn't pay him any mind And if they ever did he got nervous You shoulda seen him practice on his hand For his first kiss And even though he was too young to hunt and gather Hungry puppy had to learn how to front and swagger It didn't matter it was all self esteem At sixteen you only needed one on your team And mom and dad was never gettin' back together So he was on some baby we gon' make it last forever Basically married right outta high school Five years of gettin' high and fightin' at a drive thru When he hit twenty-one they made a son But on his twenty-second birthday The relationship was done Now he's got a best friend instead of a wife But he feels like he stole the best years of her life After that it was one codependent to the next A lotta love a lotta hate and a little bit of great sex Self learning in between the self loathing Strangled in a cycle can't feel yourself choking Some of them would overlap Some of them would double back None of em deserved to be exposed To all the trouble that he posed Strike one? not even out of fear He don't even do rough sex You bite him and he's outta here Make no mistake he puts the man in manipulate And he's attracted to the women that reciprocate Y'all can kick karma til it's getting late Until momma's little drama Is the topic of the big debate And nowadays the confidence is off the page Cause women are attracted To that clown on the stage He's only in town for a handful of hours But rapunzel wanna come down And dance in the flowers Wanna make a smile wanna make a laugh Wanna make up for the mistakes in the past Wanna act like he doesn't know better If payback's a bitch he'll be in debt forever Insecure impatient Temporary gratification self-validation That's what it's made of its all true And it's the only reason That he's even talkin' to you Who? You can try to fix my broken wings You can know all the words to the songs I sing But you don't need to know what's wrong with me Unless you think you gonna come home with me The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Atmosphere Album: When Life Give You Lemons, You Paint That Shit Gold Song: Puppets Typed by: jaysscholar@gmail.com I know a guy with a rock star life But he still don't fly so he's mad at the sky Sits me down and kicks his wisdom  He's been around I give him a listen Seems like he got a lot of complaints  About how nowadays things ain't the same, no Used to place some faith in the basement  A toast for this guy and those kids that he came with Cause they all on the same shit based on,  Cut down placement, up town, stayed strong Don't ever do a dance with the devil now That smile is a sign that you're sellin' out Judgement, gossip, ethics,  Let's just exploit all this excess You can feel how we feels  To walk around town to lookin down from them tall heels And who needs fame or fortune  When you get the same love that the fame is snortin Future so afraid of yours  That you strayed from the course and you came up short Believe he would have more credibility  If he wasn't just another drunk pill junky It's obvious to me that he's still hungry  For the superstars a little bad lucky Go ahead and get mad at God  Point your fingers at your dad and at Santa Claus Listen all yall it's a sabotage  Wouldn't look so bad with the bandage off It goes one for the bar tap, two for the shine Start up your car and do another line Barely trust them their all puppets  Love is nothing scared of success One for the bass, two for the drums Last call gonna take whatever comes Barely trust them their all puppets  Love is nothing scared of success I think it's great how you used to be great I can't hate on you choose to relate But I know you had the potential I understand why you wanted to let go A lot of pressure in the middle of those shoulders And we ain't gettin nothing but older Ain't nothing change but the day we run from But nobody knows that better than you, huh? [Chorus x2] Barely trust them their all puppets  Love is nothing scared of success The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Atmosphere Album: When Life Give You Lemons, You Paint That Shit Gold Song: The Skinny Typed by: jaysscholar@gmail.com This is for all those tricks and hos From the five-star rooms down to skid row Whether you answer phones or dance on poles Big money escort or broke on a strole He don't care about your stats or background He ain't picky once he puts his mac down Make you suck it all the way to the ass now Cause all of y'all heiffers are cash cows And at first it was just a little game Had no idea that he was fucking with your brains When he was around you seemed mature He helped you calm down and feel secure (sure) He'd go get them when they still just kids Give them some gifts, get on they lips Before they even get a chance to get hips Candy pimp turned it down to a trick real quick [Chorus x2] ?? ?? Going pay all day But won't ever get away From skinny white pimp I know it feel like you can't live without him And you're still too embarrassed to tell your parents about him It's kinda crazy how he's on your mouth Every time you need a little bit of "help you out" Ain't no kitten gonna play that sharp Shake you down, make his mark Take you down, break your heart And don't give a damn for anything that came apart Some try anything to leave him Seen some even put themselves in treatment Some get away but still gotta keep looking over they shoulder forever That ain't freedom Take his tax makes you love it Same old trap, but ain't you above it? He'll beat your ass in public Now suck that skinny white pimp dick, suck it [Chorus x2] First thing you wake up to: your pimp Don't forget to pay up to: your pimp Get that money, give it here He'll keep a bitch in that stable for 50 years He ain't scared of the law or the cops Got them paid off, some kind of trade off Gonna stay in the pocket As long as the money stays long and the hands stay strong It's like you don't know a kid He's right there in your clothes and hair You never gonna let him in your home I can smell his breath on this microphone Your lips taste like his dick I can always tell when he's been in your whip You just one of a million, trick Now take your ass outside and go talk to your pimp [Chorus x2] Hey baby I need to change On top of that I need to keep the change Mother fuckers put a filter on my brain All the cigarettes of the world get together and sing... [Chorus x2] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Atmosphere Album: When Life Give You Lemons, You Paint That Shit Gold Song: Dreamer Typed by: J_Kay_13@yahoo.com She got a condition of the heart - a heart condition So as a kid she had to adapt to smarter livin Not much room to rebel because of health No drugs, no booze, just kiss and tell Well known on the scene, jail bait queen Had the first baby, barely eighteen Father of the child was after one thing When the daughter came, the dad was unseen It don't matter, he ain't got a job So she had to go to work and leave the baby with her mom Second shift till the neck is stiff But she worked to build her own nest to live Soon after that baby's dad slash lazy bum with no cash He want to come over and crash He want to play his part So she let him move into that garden level apartment She knew better, she did it anyways Explain better when you trynna seem some better days The suns up, catch those rays Butterflies now, who's got chase? But she still dreams after she woke Tight hold on that hope Sometimes it could seem so cold do what you gotta do to cope But she still dreams after she woke Tight hold on that hope Sometimes it could seem so cold do what you gotta do to cope Two years later, two months pregnant Same daddy, same broke ass situation This time the doc said her heart might break Praise God that the job got her health benefits straight She believes in the right to choice But she loves baby girl and she wants a boy Makes more now a days on the day shift Balanced that with night classes, take some Time and space and make it all fit The apartment they now live in is overcrowded Raised her voice and made her point Told that boy, go get employed He put on his best shirt Said he wasn't comin back till he gets work She knew what that part meant So she swept every piece out that apartment Peace out, keep out, take the scenic route Rather only have to feed three mouths She adapts to everything now And nobody asks what she dreams about But she still dreams after she woke Tight hold on that hope Sometimes it could seem so cold do what you gotta do to cope But she still dreams after she woke Tight hold on that hope Sometimes it could seem so cold do what you gotta do to cope A little girl was her first reason to breathe And a little man was the first man she believed in She gotta live right and do right by self She do for self, she don't want your help Afraid of bein alone, but fear ain't enough to knock her off of that stone Gonna make that home her home, with or without a man that she could call her own Big boss at work is anxious, continues to hand her the wrong advances She passes the test, she knew the answers Quit the job to go take her chance with life This is life, we all strain  While we pray for dollars and we work for change It's all the same, we all struggle Some time you gotta say fuck you!  When you smile and she doesn't return it Give her room, man, don't disturb it If it makes it hurt less to curse and fight Go ahead and hate the world, girl, you earned the right But she still dreams after she woke Tight hold on that hope Sometimes it could seem so cold do what you gotta do to cope But she still dreams after she woke Tight hold on that hope Sometimes it could seem so cold do what you gotta do to cope But she still dreams after she woke Tight hold on that hope Sometimes it could seem so cold do what you gotta do to cope The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Atmosphere Album: When Life Give You Lemons, You Paint That Shit Gold Song: Shoulda Known Typed by: agentorange33@gmail.com Naked in the bathtub, sittin' on the porcelin Waitin for that little hurricane to pull your torso And the water don't run; just drips like rain Still drips like a painkiller drips to the veins Fill it up with a bag of that happy stuff Cause the way she runs out you can tell she ain't had enough Good times goddess, my goodness Goth fingernail polish autopilot footprints With a smile that's stitched to the fabric Of bedtime tales that keep them kids out of the attic The mouth of madness, loud and manic The motive of the word, hold it south on the atlas Picture a hole, put your hero in Envision the goal, now zero in Been watchin' your night train track for the last few stops With no desire to hop in How did we end up in your apartment? Pocket full of gossip says this ain't smart When it's all said and done can't hit restart But I'll be damned if I don't wanna kiss you (hard) (Chorus) (x2) Shoulda known better not to fuck with you Ain't got nothin' but too much to lose Lost in the rush, don't know what to do That drug got you like I want you I've got a restraining order against satan's daughter And I keep it at the bottom of this Jamieson & water And when we get there, just sit there and stare From behind your mascara and your thick hair I'm aware of that pain you harbor The same that give game to the names you martyr Apart from the details of substance and what not I fucks wit that hunger of love pistol gut rot Blodshot, gimme one shot, my shot Propped up on enough talk to make the time stop The lines of chalk that that Benjamin might cop Killed the illustrations on them neighborhood sidewalk Then all of a sudden she got silent Pupils like marbles hide behind the eyelids Getaway sticks, go limp in ?ho? place That fucked up smile sucked up most her face Truly beauty, seemed serene, each criticism becomes redeemed Swollow my words no more judgement is through Cause you look like what I feel like when i'm with you (Chorus) (x2) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Atmosphere Album: When Life Gives You Lemons, Paint That Shit Gold Song: You Typed by: w.paris@sbcglobal.net you love the people that love you you hear the music they move to you give your all to the fall through but you don't know you you just got off work huh? another night feel like the worst one you didn't even count your tips yet but you can tell it ain't no big step I don't see why your so nice the customers are all fucks and lowlifes but don't fight you just keep the lip stiff and get that money it's the weekend shift but why they all gotta be freaks? wish they would just eat and leave and keep they eyes to them self already insecure don't need any help and you can blame the pride that makes you hold your anger inside but deep down you wanna curse 'em all fuck off asshole jerkoff dirt ball you love the people that love you you hear the music they move to you give your all to the fall through but you don't know you nah attitude check you still show up you haven't quit yet and even when you're meek and sweet they still treat you like a piece of meat outrageous each day this clock tick tock and you still a waitress tryin' to pay them student loans and the lights and the phone and the food and the home and you ain't quite broke but you couldn't afford that place on your own got a roommate to split the rent with and now you never feel independant and everything seem so hollow 'cause after work where that smile go better bring it back tomorrow now pick up the pace and you might make bar close perfect last call then some flirtin' sexual tension surfin' though them men 'cause they all searchin' for that bent one or just one to bend and you look like you could be my friend with a smile like that I gotta flirt girl you look like you just got off work you love the people that love you you hear the music they move to you give your all to the fall through but you don't know you The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Atmosphere Album: When Life Gives You Lemons, You Paint That Shit Gold  Song: Painting Typed by: funnyman_27@hotmail.com [Slug - Verse 1] Ain't no colour paint gonna cover the stains The pictures on the wall will all remain And even though he's home now, sound and safe Surrounded by the faces that he place his faith The images visit from the past he witnessed Can't stay away from the memories Sticks with each detail, embedded in stone Like he chiseled stoves convictions into his bones The progress stops and pauses, spits and sputters Like the basement faucet And it's obvious he's lost in his regrets You can smell it on his breath [Slug - Verse 2] Ain't no colour paint gonna cover the stains  But now the alcohol is gonna mother the pain  Tuck it away, no complaints Just laying on his back, on hisbackyard under the rain  Take tomorrow but doesn't no how though For every swallow there's another to follow  He weaves his way throughout the story  Looking for a new missing piece or a door key  Spirits used to be for celebration  But now they just take him away from the hell that's waiting  Re-up until it's three sheets up  And pick a place for the skeletons to meet up  [Slug - Verse 3] Ain't no colour paint gonna cover the stains  But if the oxygen escapes it'll smother the flames  No introduction doesn't speak his own name  Gonna beat them demons at they own game  The sunset rides to the end slow  Same song echoing outside of the window  You can't grow if the skin don't fit you  Sometimes you gotta get low just to get through  No inspiration left to do your best when Nobody hates you more than your reflection  Suffer the shame until it stuffs the drain  He's got two hands and a bucket of paint Come on The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Atmosphere Album: When Life Give You Lemons, You Paint That Shit Gold Song: Your Glasshouse Typed by: jaysscholar@gmail.com Woke up to that familiar feeling Staring at a unfamiliar ceiling Still got your jeans on but you're topless Headache and the stomach feels nauseous Grab your shirt off the bedroom floor And try to recollect the night before How'd you get from the bar to this mattress? And when you got here then what happened? And where's the who that lives here In this house wanna figure out how'd you get here But the though got cut by nature Find the bathroom, the gut got anger Here it comes can't avoid it Ain't the first time throwing up in this strange toilet Anyone else would leave But you you crawled back to the bed and fell back asleep [Chorus x2] All we need is because come and party with us Take care of you when you're passed out Right there with you in your glass house Woke up all alone with no friends But you had to throw up again Choke up the tears and the spit Grab some tissue to wipe off your lips And everything still spins And then the chills begin And then the "God please kill me right now" hits And you still don't know who's house this is In between left over dry-heaves You're trying to check out your time piece And you should call your job But first got to turn this hangover off You dream that it's just a dream Until the phone in your pocket starts to scream Shut it down, don't wanna hear a sound Heavy as the head that wears that crown, now [Chorus x2] Hangover ain't a strong enough word It don't describe what just occurred Looking at a phone full of missed calls Probably all the people that you pissed off Everything seems so sour So you forced yourself into the shower Standing up brings out the stars And the whole bathroom smells just like a dive bar Can't do it, better sit And let the tub be the catcher's mitt Lay down, face down Thank god whoever lives here ain't around Now what you need is silence And you don't want no one to see you like this Maybe you don't recognize it But this is your home, this is where your life lives [Chorus x2] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Atmosphere Album: When Life Give You Lemons, You Paint That Shit Gold Song: Yesterday Typed by: funnyman_27@hotmail.com [Slug - Verse 1] I thought I saw you yesterday But I didn't stop 'cause you was walking the opposite way I guess I could have shouted out your name But even if it was you, I don't what I would say We can sit and reminisce about the old school Maybe share a cigarette because we both fools Chop it up and compare perspectives Life, love, stress and set backs Yes, you could tell me how hard you had it And you could show me all the scars to back it And we can analyze each complaint Break it down and explain these mistakes I make I like to tangle up the strings of the puppetry But you knew me back when I was a younger me You've seen Sean in all types of life And I've been meaning to ask you if I'm doing alright Yesterday, was that you Looked just like you Strange things my imagination might do Take a breath reflect on what we've been through Or am I just going crazy 'cause I miss you Yesterday, was that you Looked just like you Strange things my imagination might do Take a breath reflect on what we've been through Or am I just going crazy 'cause I miss you [Slug - Verse 2] I'm shook, I know I pushed when I should have pulled Took it all back if I could I put that on my soul And I would make a top notch good listener If you could block off a little time out to give it here Since we went our separate paths I've hits a couple of snags That remind me of the past I cant front I'm having a blast But damned if I ain't afraid of how long it's gonna last Sitting here wishing we could kick it Gimme your opinions I do miss the criticisms I didn't mean to be distant Make a visit I'll wait up and keep the coffee brewing in the kitchen But who am I jokin' with Theres no way that you and I will ever get to re-open it It doesn't matter, this is more than love And maybe if I'm lucky, I'll get to see you out the corner of Yesterday, was that you Looked just like you Strange things my imagination might do Take a breath reflect on what we've been through Or am I just going crazy 'cause I miss you [Slug - Verse 3] And when you left, I didn't see it coming I guess I slept, it ain't like you was running You crept out the front door slow And I was so self-absorbed, I didn't even know And 'bout the time I looked up, it was booked up Put it all behind you, the bad and the good stuff A whole house full of dreams and steps I think you'd be impressed with the pieces I've kept You disappreared, but the history is still here That's why I try not to cry over spilt beer I can't even get mad that you're gone Leaving me is probably the best thing you ever taught me I'm sorry, it's official - I was a fistful, I didn't keep it simple Chip on the shoulder, anger in my veins Had so much hatred, now it brings me shame Never thought about the world without you And I promise that I'll never say another bad word about you I thought I saw you yesterday, but I know it wasn't you 'Cause you passed away, dad Looked just like you Strange things my imagination might do Take a breath reflect on what we've been through Or am I just going crazy 'cause I miss you The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Atmosphere  Album: When Life Gives You Lemons, Paint That Shit Gold Song: Guarantees Typed by: W.paris@sbcglobal.net These warehouse wages kill ends introduction man I shoulda schooled it up when I was younger shoulda stuck to plan always had the dreams of being more self assertive and my kid's a teenager now he needs the health insurance so break my body break break my soul down just another zombie walkin' blindly through your ghost town pull up to the bar politic and tap the power ain't nobody really all that jolly at your happy hour but I don't wanna go home yet so I'ma talk to my cigarette and that television set it doesn't matter what brand or station anything to take away from the current situation no overtime pay no holiday months behind on everything but the lottery winter 'round the corner guarnteeing that my car dies wifey havin' trouble tryin' to juggle both part times my cup ain't close to filled up we tryinto build up so we can have enough and when I finally get the color won't be nothin' left to paint on a friend of mine tried to kill himself to the same song my better half is mad at makin' magic outta canned goods my tax bracket status got her questionin' my manhood my shorty got cought smokin weed at a concert and if I smack him everyboy treats me like a monster my neighbors aint doing much better and we make it competition instead of stickin' together can't save no nest egg in fact this nest is rented in fact that rent is late wait the money ain't here the raise ain't commin' just me and my son and that crazy woman and those bartenders this whole fucking country got everybody swallowin' that lunchmeat well maybe we can speed up the process kill me in my thirties in the name of progress put me in the dirt and then change the topic sometimes seems like the only way to stop it contemplate my departure date doesn't take alot to get alot of us to talk this way take a shot at me that's all i'm obligated for apparently my only guarantee is a walk away the only guarantee in life is life worth dying for cause' death don't wait for no one he's sittin on your front door The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Atmosphere Album: When Life Gives You Lemons, Paint That Shit Gold Song: Me Typed by: jaysscholar@gmail.com Yeah, the child in the mirror was homely So he learned early on how to switch into low-key Little person, observant and accurate Grew the skills to argue and the passion to back it with Kick over the blocks just to rebuild them 'Cause mom and pop used to pop, sound familiar? Daddy had to leave, but Mama kept hurting So we stepped up to help be an anger and a burden And right around the same time Started noticing girls, but they wouldn't pay him any mind And if they ever did, he got nervous You should of seen him practice on his hand for his first kiss Even though he was too young to hunt and gather Hungry puppy had to learn how to front and swagger It didn't matter, it was all self-esteem At 16, you only needed one on your team And mom and dad was never getting back together So he was on some "Baby, we gonna make it last forever" Basically married right out of high school Five years of getting high and fighting at a drive-thru And when he hit 21, they made a son But on his 22nd birthday, the relationship was done Now he's got a best friend instead of a wife But he feels like he stole the best years of her life After that, it was one co-dependant to the next A lot of love, a lot of hate and a little bit of great sex Self-learning in between the self-loathing Strangled in a cycle, can't feel yourself choking Some of them would overlap, some of them would double-back None of them deserved to be exposed to all the trouble that he posed Strike one? Not even out of fear He don't even do rough sex, you bite him and he's out of here Make no mistake he puts the man in manipulate And he's attracted to the women that reciprocate Y'all can kick karma 'till it's getting late Until Mama's little drama is the topic of the big debate And now a days the confidence is off the page 'Cause women are attracted to that clown on the stage He's only in town for a handful of hours But Repunzel want to come down and dance in the flowers Want to make a smile? want to make a laugh? Want to make up for the mistakes in the past? Want to act like he doesn't know better If payback's a bitch he'll be in debt forever Insecure, impatient Temporary gratification, self-validation That's what its made of it's all true And it's the only reason that he's even talking to you [Chorus x2] You can try to fix my broken wings You can know all the words to the songs I sing But you don't need to know what's wrong with me Unless you think you're gonna come home with me [Chorus x2] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Atmosphere Album: When Life Gives You Lemons, Paint That Shit Gold Song: Wild Wild Horses Typed by: jaysscholar@gmail.com He knew he wasn't perfect But he always did his best to try to get under the surface Not a saint, not a serpent He just wanted everyone to be impressed with him as a person So when she came along with the sunbeam Self-esteem stopped making nothing out of somethings Leaving the scene was unseen, I mean It was the first time he ever felt the need to keep the gun clean Do the math, he knew he had to choose a path Got to get that girl, got to make her laugh Got to shake the past and move forwards Got to make this last, it feels gorgeous But she had a lover in the mid-west Never figured out how to get him off her thick chest Just like that, everything is gone He didn't want to but he had to learn the words so he could sing along Everything is all I have to give you And I'm afraid it ain't enough And you're not so young that you believe me Just because I say it's love And even if they come to steal you tomorrow I'll know my smile was yours Go ahead and chase your dreams and your freedom Run, run wild wild horses You can't tame these horses You can't tame these horses, no You can't tame these horses You can't tame these horses Sometimes it can be so nice, right? Sometimes she feel herself turn into the wife type And when it's dark, sometimes sees the nightlife But most of the time she doesn't even feel lifelike She got a man but he thinks he's a star And it feels like she has to compete with the bar She keeps up her guard but it seems so hard Momma never told her she would see those scars Every night he's out doing who knows whom While she cries along like a new show tune Last call past, is he coming home soon? Or is he going to run away with the dish and the spoon? She'll realize she don't want that clown Leave those shoes at the lost and found He won't catch on until she's not around After somebody else already locked that down (We sing) He didn't want her to see him leave And he couldn't keep sitting there watching her sleep Cause he knows if he hangs out for a few hours He'll dig another hole, trying to plant some new flowers But the sun don't shine under the table He's trying to hold his life together with staples No investment cause he's incapable And he's on the outro of being labeled available The word on the street is his girl's coming back home No more alone, no more sad poems No after-bar calls to the cell phone It's time to walk a new path and grow a backbone Shoved into the big book of just friends Wondering how he would look as a husband And everyone of them he ever allowed to love him Now watching from the crowd trying to be proud of him (They say) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Atmosphere Album: When Life Give You Lemons, You Paint That Shit Gold Song: Can't Break Typed by: jaysscholar@gmail.com He wanted to make a difference, be understood right? Wanted to go the distance, wanted to live that good life Put some work on that wood, jumped and took flight Left his hand writing in that book, what that look like? Happy mess is the reach, touch and manifest it Caught between respect your momma and them battle weapons Lost your adolescence at them intersections Spread them wings and you're gonna need some landing lessons The sun is going to burn them feathers Lost track of time trying to ride the bender Used to have an agenda but really why remember? Doesn't matter when your head's in a bottle somewhere in Tribeca Or maybe you sedated up in Silver Lake Cheating fate, first rate, feeling great Trying to turn a first date into a friendly game of kill the snake Can't wait to get her face against a pillow case [Bridge 1] Progress that came with a cost Rejoice for the rain that will wash Multiple choice, you can stay on that cross Or grab it by the arms and break them off The wheels are stopped, done, so let me off Deal the cards but already lost Kill me now just to get applause Steal the shot, run, and set it off I feel and I fear and I want and I can't break away I feel and I fear and I want and I can't break away If they buy it for you, how you not going to drink it? If they fry it for you, how you not going to eat it? If they throw it to you, how you not going to hold it? Touch it taste it love it and fuck with it a moment? Every city's the same scene, gangrene Vampire's looking at your veins, fangs craving Interchangeable hair, similar name jeans Faux-made take charge and late start playthings It ain't harder to tell They rebel to celebrate the day their martyr had fell Now meet him at the bar 'cause it's part of the sell Felt at peace, leaving pieces of his heart at hotels [Bridge 2] Stepped in with his next new best friend On the bed's edge loading up on the weapon Trying to win big all bets in Now pull the bedspread back and pop that essence The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Atmosphere Album: When Life Give You Lemons, You Paint That Shit Gold Song: The Waitress Typed by: funnyman_27@hotmail.com [Slug - Verse 1] A city full of people and my favorite is that waitress And she treats me like some type of common vagrant I see her everyday, but there's nothing to say Unless I decide to step inside of that cafe I only get to sit if I buy something to eat Otherwise it's best to keep my feet moving down that street And god damn she's a hard bitch Talks at me like I'm the bad dog that got into the garbage Yeah I know that the toilet is for customers You ain't got to tangle up the strings to make this puppet work It doesn't have to be a game of patty cake But it ain't like you don't know I sleep in that alleyway And by the way, I can see it in your eyes You're angry with your life, not a stranger to the fight I bet you hate every man that you date And you're probably addicted to all types of escape You take it out on me that you're all alone When you know you got your own closet full of hollow bones Watch the tone when you speak to old folks I'm grown, just trying to get out of this Minnesota cold [Spoken] Look lady, I'm homeless, I'm crazy I'm so hopeless I'm suicidal daily If you and I can't co-exist, let's fake it Cause I ain't got the energy it takes for this relationship [Slug - Verse 2] I'm waiting for a city bus to flatten me And transport me to the ever after happily Maybe reincarnated with luck Come back to Earth as a cockroach in your tip cup She said she's had it up to here She's gonna call authorities if I don't disappear I love her threats, it rejuvenates my breath I give her stress for the reaction that it gets I got a pocket full of clean, handled money On a cup of bad coffee and a stale honey bun In front of everyone she calls me bum But she notices my absence on them afternoons I don't come So here I am, thorn in her hip Holding down the corner table all morning with some corn chips Ignoring the insults and evil eyes I feed off of 'em, I wonder when she'll realize That she's the only reason I visit The only woman in my world that acknowledges my existence And if my ship ever comes, I'll miss it Because I'm getting old and I ain't got much left to give it So there it is and I have to live with it I had the chance to make a difference, but I didn't In the cafe bathroom drinking free tap water Thinking; "Damn, I should've been a better father to my daughter" The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Atmosphere Album: When Life Gives You Lemons, You Paint That Shit Gold Song: In Her Music Box Typed by: mudio@o2.pl [Slug - Verse 1] She had a bad dream in the backseat The same one as yesterday The same one as last week Surrounded by her favorite favorites Elmo, Barbie, her purple baby blanket And that little matchbox that looks like just like dad's car It's fast on the leather, pretends its Nascar It jumps over Elmo cause it can fly that far With Daddy in the front seat frontin like a rap star Hey girl oh girl Daddy's the greatest He knows the words to everything on the radio playlist He fakes the accent, even makes all the faces And when he raises his voice It makes her feel like he's famous Yea Poppa got his lean on A mean one Weavin down Lake street-tryin to get his scene on Stoppin the whip to say somethin out the window Bobbin his head to the beat on the radio Good daddy won't smoke no weed Until the Bass cradles her back to sleep Then he can steak his Mack while she takes a nap To the sweet pretty sounds of the gansta rap The high hat to angels voices They keep her distracted from the stranger's voices Escape is a paradox, because a childhood is locked in that music box Daddies drive around, Mommies work night shift Sweet dreams, sleep little precious Lay down in that music box Escape in the sound of that music box Daddies drive around, Mommies work night shift Sweet dreams, sleep little precious Lay down in that music box Escape in the sound of that music box [Slug - Verse 2] Yea daddy knows people, he's important The guy with the suit and tie they see at the court And it seems like he ain't tryin to talk to police But at the car wash they treat him like the star that she sees They like poppa's big wheels And the lollipop she gets makes her feel like a big deal Not allowed to have it yet, gotta sit still Like the toy that she knows is gonna come with the kids meal She loves drive through food Health conscious dad, he buys her the juice A little sip of soda, builds the pride Go ahead baby girl, don't spill those fries Nuh uh poppa can't roll a messy office Compulsive in the way she lay them napkins all across the seat Never puts her feet up on the upholstery Just kicks em side to side to the beat on the radio She sings along like dad does She knows all the words, but she leave out the bad ones Except bitch-she always sings the word bitch Cause it makes her daddy laugh, it's her magic trick And when daddy picks mommy up, they fight They fight about money, they fight about life So she concentrates so so hard on the music And loses herself inside of the bass and the movement Daddies drive around, Mommies work night shift Sweet dreams, sleep little precious Lay down in that music box Escape in the sound of that music box Daddies drive around, Mommies work night shift Sweet dreams, sleep little precious Lay down in that music box Escape in the sound of that music box --Turn that Buick off-- The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Atmosphere Album: When Life Gives You Lemons, You Paint That Shit Gold Song: Vanity Sick * Typed by: kill4747@hotmail.com * only available on iTunes [Slug] So vanity sick You're so, so vanity sick So vanity sick, you're so.. So, she's a stone cold player Whatever old school cliche you want to label the flavor And when they see her at the festivities Best believe, yes indeed, she gets the lead No surprise it threw you off From the hair-do down to the boots and socks And it's okay that she blew you off Because a pony like that's got too much hop Soft smile, but sips a stiff one Way ahead of the competition No opposition, are you kiddin, stop the wishin These other flops ain't got a pot to piss in Not tonight, this is all you All these Neanderthals wanna ball you Half of 'em would die just to call you Cause they're confined behind the wall, too Let's toast to the beautiful people The ones that made you afraid to be you The ones that trained you to hate your shell The ones that sold you your favorite cell I don't judge what she's made of I never met the woman underneath that make up Too insecure to let you in that door What you see is what you get, gotta protect the core So difficult not to invest Just my type over ripe and intense So concerned with covering the flaws I'm surprised that she doesn't expect applause And each drink tastes so bittersweet When that juke box just seems to hit repeat It's best to keep the interest discrete With a handshake, maybe let her kiss the cheek Rethink she could get a little thicker If she keeps shrinking to get a little figure That smile is a warning sticker I'm unavailable to play with your vanity sister So vanity sick You're so, so vanity sick So vanity sick, you're so So, so.. So vanity sick So... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Atmosphere Album: Leak at Will Song: C'Mon Typed by: newos_crib_is@hotmail.com [Slug] When he was a kid, he was the joker Low potential, straight mediocre Class clown, sneak off out the back door Long hair, leave a grease spot on the black board C'mon honey, take off the bra He's tryna hit a home run in your mom's garage He loved graffiti, it opened him Creeped down an alley with a can of Rust-Oleum Canvas, that flat surface He learned quick to control the nervousness If it ain't building, he burnt the bridge and no, he don't give a damn what the curfew is Chased away all the saving grace while them old folks bitch about the way he's raised Southside Minne-Atmosphere Get you running from the cops just for practice here Well what do you know? He got older Trying to apply what childhood showed him Everybody left out in that cold and try to learn how to manage all the weight on his shoulders We all want the easy life Just a piece of the pie that'll keep us high So turn it up till the speakers cry and don't quit till you reach the sky, c'mon [Slug] And as an adult, he took a good look Stayed away from the gangs and the crooks Even though he came from the same neighborhood So he fully understood that game textbook Stay original, be individual Push the pedal and never settle for the typical Feed your children, look out for your people Live and let live, and each one teach those Good luck and get a tight defence and I hope you can depend on your higher sense Plant them seeds, let 'em grow for it The follower's felons are fallen soldiers Hey rapper, we know it don't stop But don't forget about the folks on your block Hey dope man, what you doing with the cash crop? Getting fat, fucking up fellow have-nots? Hey preacher, politician Is that the house that you live in? How's the kitchen? Hey policeman, don't bother Even as a kid I only played robbers and robbers Headphone activists, aggressive pacifists I ain't saying that you gotta kill cops Just look at your life, check what it's built off, c'mon The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Atmosphere Album: Leak at Will Song: They Always Know Typed by: newos_crib_is@hotmail.com [Slug] They always know {*4X*} She left that town because nobody there really cared whether or not she kept around All they care about is which people slept around They pay no mind to who really held it down It's like high school for grown ups It's no wonder everyone you know is so nuts Ex-boyfriendships with benefits Whiskey binges and stimulated sedatives Sky-high on the floor of your closet Thinking bout life and how it tastes like garbage It's time to get gone away from this town Seems still wants to blame her surroundings Got a grudge and a pocket of neurotic love Played a perfect game but forgot what the object was Where's the book that the answers are sketched in? Life lessons, all types of questions Sick of being misled and lied to They all want to get inside you, they get inside you It's enough right, to make you want to just die Shhh, cry yourself to sleep on that bus ride They always know The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Atmosphere Album: Leak at Will Song: The Ropes Typed by: newos_crib_is@hotmail.com [Slug] Hey man, you remember Stephanie's little cousin? Yeah, a little feminine motherfucker Used to be scared of the football, yeah man Nah, nah I saw him the other night down town Wilding out man, it was crazy Running around headpin Waving a gun at frat boys and shit Ay dog, I heard you got those trees Wait dog, you can't possibly be Even thirteen, what you doing open this late? You ain't got no older brothers to hold you in place Yeah I know, you gotta get your hustle on and life does go on and fronts like nothing's wrong State law says you're too young to work But a couple of bucks will put a gun up under your shirt Coke, weed, junk and speed Teach me another type of hide and seek Chemistry, economics, math and business Already a pimp before high school's finished Even the rich kids get in the mix Only difference is them bitches did it for kicks And we quick to say it's just a game that's dealt that gave you that rope so you can hang yourself It goes... [Chorus 2X] So big kid, where did you go? We made you grow up quick, showed you the ropes Do it up so... [Slug] The movies and the music taught me how to do it And how to build a crew, and how to get it moving Supply and demand came and held my hand Should've seen me back then, didn't even have a plan Only had a pistol cause they had a pistol Cocked that hammer and blowed them missiles I only had a handful of minutes So if we gon' talk then we only talk business Now tell me what you want from me I got a few females, you need some company Because y'all don't be where those junkies be But hold up now, you gon' pull your guns on me? Nah man, I'm a big kid with big dreams You gon' treat me like you know that I'm only sixteen Huh, well fuck it right? Shut my eyesight Only squeezed out a couple and I only got double life [Chorus: 2X] [Slug] Hey there girly, you got your worm early Jumped off the branch, fly little birdy Look around, but don't look down cause you see no need to touch foot to the ground Sex, drugs, rock and rolled up Them older boys got you thinking that you growed up Spent the whole day getting high Putting work on them little thighs And I ain't tryna criticise You gotta live your life, you gotta get your stripes Take aim and kiss the sky Don't be another one wishing that you did it right Nah do your best, it's all we can expect Try to see the game while it deals the death Got to keep keeping on, move it along cause there's a whole lot left when today's all gone, now [Chorus: 2X] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Atmosphere Album: Leak at Will Song: White Noise Typed by: newos_crib_is@hotmail.com [Chorus: 2X] White noise, made its way into my life It should all get cancelled I don't think I can handle you going channel to channel [Slug] A million channels, nothing channelled Bunch of reality shows full of assholes All the popular situation comedy caught up in the oxymoronic hypocrisy On the couch with remote on search Seen better acting on them shopping networks I'd like put my foot through the glass But without it I would have to shoot smack to relax Every A.M. starts to a cartoon Watch it in the afternoon and see the people argue Prime time television is worse though Surf the shit, I'd rather watch the commercials Program a nation of clones Subliminal seeds, watch 'em grow So tune in for next week's show like if it wasn't all, what the fuck would you know? It goes... [Chorus: 2X] [Slug] A million channels selling me dreams Expensive celebrities telling me things So insecure I must confess that I'ma purchase whatever it takes to get sex I need your product for my life to grow I buy those so I can be more desirable I'm trying everything under the sun, I want one so I can separate myself from the crumbs White noise at the speed of light Make me feel right so I can sleep at night Make my teeth white, help to build my self-esteem cause I believe in your magic beans Now, cast and call all attractive characters Goodnight to groove and gesundheit America Hurry up, plug it in and serve it up Put it on a channel full of static and turn it up [Chorus: 2X] [Slug] When I go to the job, it's on!  When I go to the bar, it's on! When I go to my home, it's on!  When I go to my bed, it's on! When I pick up my son, it's on! When I'm tracking at the studio, it's on! When I'm in my hotel room, it's on! When I get on the tour bus, it's on! When I visit you in jail, it's on! When I'm at Anthony's house, it's on! When I go see Siddiq, it's on! When I'm kicking it with Murs, it's on! When I'm out in Los Angeles, it's on! When I visit New York, it's on! When I'm kicking it in Texas, it's on! When I went to South Korea, it's on! [KRS-One sample from "Love's Gonna Get'Cha (Material Love)"] "I got a 55 inch television you know  and every once in awhile I hear just say no  Or the other commercial I love  is when they say, this is your brain on drugs" The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Atmosphere Album: Leak at Will Song: Feel Good Hit of the Summer Part 2 Typed by: newos_crib_is@hotmail.com [Slug] This, this is your... day Little Pat, the fuck was that? I won't lie little homie, they opened up doors for me Still hoping there's a moral to that story I think about all the time dedicated to getting inebriated We did it just for the sake of it Your family physician is a dope man That new prescription got you open Came a long way from visions of spirits Now we getting lifted off the cough syrups I saw up close how fucked up coke was So I was always too neurotic for the powder narcotics Huh, but I'm a pot head, functional alcoholic I don't binge though, I understand the logic I like hash but that shit's always hidden and I've never seen peyote here in my jurisdiction Never used a needle but I know bout the sweats cause I'm addicted to coffee, cigarettes, probably sex Ecstasy is too damn strong for me and the intensity lasts too long for me Plus I figure I don't need any buzz to make me any more needy than I already was Huh, and to be real I don't trust them pills Somebody's mobile home laboratory up in the hills Or maybe bikers in a basement, dirty and nervous Tryna measure out the right amount of laundry detergent Hallucinogenics, who's tempted to bend your perception for a few seconds? Actually it's like a half-day gave away A deal that you made to do nothing but play and pray Please dear God, don't want to vomit again I promise from now on I'll stick to marijuana plants Mushrooms and me will not be friends until the next time that Nate shows up with tops and stems Gobble 'em, yum, no, tastes like shit But you'll forget about that once they kick And for me acid was the same trip until the part came where you wonder what it's made with Think about it, you're so high sitting there Thinking about thinking about it, so high sitting there Strict nine-six, vision impaired Found the meaning of existing on the floor in your kitchen, yeah I ain't gonna tell you that you better not do it But master your high, try not to abuse it Stay away from me if your life's getting stupid and please stop pretending that it makes better music The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Atmosphere Album: Leak at Will Song: Mother's Day Typed by: newos_crib_is@hotmail.com [Slug] She lost one to pneumonia, gave the other to prison and now she spends mother's day sitting in her kitchen Looking at the pictures of her past felt surreal She had a couple of people, some friends that helped her heal But days like today, she doesn't want to be a bother and as far as she's concerned, them boys didn't have a father Nuh uh, she had to teach 'em the ways Teach 'em how to behave, be brave and even how to shave Some days it makes her feel like a soldier and other times it makes her feel like a failure Why did the stronger one die from a cold, huh? Why did the smarter one end up in jail? Nah She gave them boys everything that she could Two full-time jobs to keep 'em in a good neighborhood They understood how to love and how to live Now she doesn't understand how it comes down to this Maybe she should go work in her yard and take her mind off the past and try to let the days start But she's waiting on one of those annual calls while she's looking at the photos on her hallway walls [Slug] His big sibling died, and mom's by herself and now he spends every day inside of that cell Looking at the photos of his past makes him crash So he never takes 'em out that folder under his mattress Days like today he doesn't think about what happened, no Still gotta call mommy, wish her a happy one Uh huh, mom, if only she'd had been around Maybe big brother would still be living now Some days it makes him feel like a traitor and other times it makes him feel like a martyr Seems like some displacement of anger Seems like he blames her more than his father She was gone all the time at work Never around to play the part of the police or the nurse She understood how things fall apart So why'd she let the nest hit the ground this hard? Well maybe he should go walk in the yard and take his mind off the past and try to let the days start Cause it's so difficult to admit it's his fault when he's looking at the faces in his hallway walls The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Atmosphere Album: Leak at Will Song: Millie Fell Off the Fire Escape Typed by: newos_crib_is@hotmail.com [Slug] She dropped the gun and started running down the corridor She found the exit to get out that department store She reached full sprint when she hit the parking lot She didn't see police, not even any rent-it-cops She ran across the street and went behind the Applebee's From there she could see those abandoned factories Figured there's a good place for her to hide away Knowing she could climb inside through the fire escape At this point, still felt like a dream In her head she could still hear the little kid's screams Leaning up against the dumpster to find some breath She could hear the sirens, now it's time to step Running through the alleyway now relentless Bobbing in between houses, hopping fences Only two more blocks till the overpass The adrenaline is rendering a panic attack Maybe she should go back and explain it all Maybe the best thing to do now is take that fall Ain't no way that they won't understand Daddy's little girl is never gonna hurt again [Slug] She can't believe that she's having this dilemma Tryna find a reason that she shouldn't go surrender She's a kid and a first time offender Plus he had it coming, hell it's colder in December Decided she would make it to the vacant warehouse From there she could try to get her head to clear out She needs a minute to sit and think Some time to reflect on these events and let 'em sink There's the building, it's empty she hopes to God The fire escape is on the back near the loading dock The next chapter to the happy ever after Wrapped her little fingers round the cold metal ladder Started climbing, that's when she heard the officer "Millie turn yourself in now girl, come down from there" She tried to look over her shoulder Lost balance, fell four stories, it was over The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: MURS & Slug Album: Felt 3: A Tribute to Rosie Perez Song: Protagonists Typed by: newos_crib_is@hotmail.com "I want you to work your way out upon that limb as far as you can  If you see anything strange, let me know" [Slug] Back without the post move, it goes one two What you gon' do when we come through? Hit undo, whatever you must do Stay fly, get high and fuck you [MURS] Them Felt boys are back, them boys of summer and this time your boy Ace Rock is the drummer So tell the newcomers to run and get the other two I heard we sold out, that must've been the other two [Slug] Nobody move, nobody loses blood Whoever suit thee up should take you back to booster club Go head, loosen up, a couple brews must've grew a sense of humor cause you used to be a super thug [MURS] We still spitting on that indie bullshit Legends, Rhymesayers, Def Jux, the full clip Don't miss, we aiming for the heart Your favorite group that wasn't even a group to start [Chorus: Slug] I tried to tell 'em but they wasn't tryna listen to me LISTEN TO ME!! There was no other choice, I had to tell 'em "give it to me" GIVE IT TO ME!! I tried to tell 'em but they wasn't tryna listen to me LISTEN TO ME!! I keep it civil, but right now I wanna kick in your teeth ... [MURS] Everything you love about rap in one disc These Internet rappers just beef over dumb shit We all about the cash, we all about the women What up though? You know we can't forget 'em But don't you think we soft for one minute We can still break your whole crew off with one sentence Who made you wanna rap and be independent? It's Felt motherfuckers! If you want it, come and get it [Slug] Who's this? If the new shoe fits, I take two kicks Truth is without new hits we all useless Get used to it, my crew swoop through it like a sewer sewage unit just to produce music You must be lunatic fringe to think you and your friends could ever screw with the wrench Got you climbing that aluminum fence We bout to ruin your plans and put these two in your sense [Slug] We conquered this monster just to fondle it I put that on my honor and my politics Honest, it makes me wanna dip to where my mama lives Ponder my accomplishments in between the ganja hits [MURS] We're way bizarre, we shred the norm We're above average, irregular We're one in a million, so run tell the children It's MURS and Slug and we back in the building [Slug] Illustrated in war for those that came up before For those that tangle with law, for those that gave it to war For the ones that might've fell off or got lost and for the ones that never made it across [MURS] Felt 3, the final frontier Forget Christina, should've chose Pam Grier We're here and we ain't going nowhere Take your hands off the steering wheel and throw 'em in the air The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Slug & MURS Album: Felt 3: A Tribute to Rosie Perez Song: Felt Chewed Up Typed by: kill4747@hotmail.com F-E-L-T, FELT! FELT! FELT! [Slug] Chewed up, can't be contained Speak up, look where the guns aim Loot up, pick up the chump change Speed up and book in the bus lane Used to sit and dream 'bout whips and cream and bigger things Found my place, fit my jeans Get out my face before I clip ya wings [Murs] Caught up in the middle of some sentimental bullshit Got a instrumental and I figure I could pull this Day out, the dark cloud, down time Stay out in the crowd wit' the sunshine Our rhymes got a little bit more to give So I give it and I stay on tour to live Grab a mic, get it hype, then I go home In a big bus talkin on a cell phone [Slug] So lost, followin the babbles On top, smack with a paddle Knock out, drown in the shallow Fall off, get back in the saddle The answer's clear, you can't compare You got one beer and one hand to steer Stand right there under the chandelier The band is here, we're called-- (FELT! FELT! FELT!) [Chorus: Slug] + (MURS) Chewed up, and lost control (We swervin') She loves the awesome flow (She heard it) They try to stop the growth (They nervous) That's like, impossible F-e-l-t  FELT! FELT! FELT! [MURS] Spell it out, yell it out They all wanna know what the hell it's about Ain't got no guns, ain't got no jewelry Shows stay packed wit tons of groupies They go crazy, act unruly Fans in the crowd hella high like Coolie Girls in the crowd screamin "Choose me, do me!" I play it humble like "Excuse me, who me?" [Slug] Grab that crown, pass it down Ask around, what that's about We're back now, ass on the ground Shut that mouth, don't act out You buggin, must be drunk at the bar Buzzin cousin, you nothin' hard You ain't up in the stars, you stuck in a jar Now shuffle the cards or get dealt, dealt, dealt [Chorus: Slug] + (MURS) Chewed up, and lost control (We swervin') She loves the awesome flow (She heard it) They try to stop the growth (They nervous) That's like, impossible F-e-l-t  FELT! FELT! FELT! [MURS] Feel that, real rap Raw beats to bang in y'all streets So cool at the same time all heat So fly should've been in star fleet Ride shotgun in my x-wing Watch the hipsters hop to the next thing Fad to fad, so depressing Around for years, that don't impress me [Slug] Don't know what you honestly thinkin' Rubber band tryin to carry weights but I can see your confidence shrinkin Color crayon on the radia-tor Gotta stick to talkin' shit Prosthetic tits, fake politics You can't stop the bricks, so take a sip For the apocalypse, and get off my dick [MURS] Now I'm screwed up, I sipped a little lean Got me feelin like Wayne doin' little things I do it big on the independent tip New car, no rims on the whip I got a chick, she ain't a super-duper-fly girl I got a few and they all rock my world You do it better, then keep it to yourself Cause even YOU know its all about the-- (FELT! FELT! FELT!) [Chorus: Slug] + (MURS) Chewed up, and lost control (We swervin') She loves the awesome flow (She heard it) They try to stop the growth (They nervous) That's like, impossible F-e-l-t  FELT! FELT! FELT! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Slug & MURS Album: Felt 3: A Tribute to Rosie Perez Song: Get Cake Typed by: timm2014@hotmail.com [Slug] Get cake [x 7] [Guy speaking] I have in this box, four magical donuts There not even donuts there cake Fucking, magical, cakes Then I thought nothing is going to make better rap music than these fucking donuts [Slug] Get cake [MURS] Get bread [Slug] Get cake [MURS] Get doe [Slug] Get cake [MURS] Get cabbage [Slug] Get cake [MURS] Get rolls [Slug] Get cake [MURS] Get cream [Slug] Get cake [MURS] Get steak [Slug] Get cake [MURS] Get cheddar [Slug] Get cake [MURS] Get cupcakes [Slug] Get cake [MURS] Get bread [Slug] Get cake [MURS] Get doe [Slug] Get cake [MURS] Get cabbage [Slug] Get cake [MURS] Get rolls [Slug] Get cake [MURS] Get cream [Slug] Get cake [MURS] Get snacks [Slug] Get cake [MURS] Get cheddar [Slug] Get cake [MURS] Get cupcakes The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Slug & MURS Album: Felt 3: A Tribute to Rosie Perez Song: Bass For Your Trunk Typed by: Timm2014@hotmail.com {*"Bass for your trunk" - scratched*} [MURS] She keeps her biz boomin' down front street Open with the funk so that no one wants beef She the type who like to lay it all on the line Say what's on her mind That way it ain't a crime The crime is Had you shown no shame Had you make those claims like you play no games When in reality You the biggest player of them all The princess that wore the most layers to the ball Tryin' to cover up when you layin' in your drawers You front like you a freak and everything you say is raw But deep down You really scared he's gonna leave ya Your closet got more skeletons than the Dia Esqueleto  You worse than my perros My dogs, that only fuck with broads from the ghetto You date losers cause it make you feel superior Try to tell me lies to justify but all I'm hearin' is the... [Slug] She seems like the type with no taste for shame It walks like a snake then they can't complain Naw People love you and cling to them raw fumes Keep it up so we don't see through your costume She been a little queen since 15 In and out of different scenes, never kept her image clean So critical Over analytical Fast forward Of course, old and miserable Long trail of bread crumbs and head games Bed bums, the best ones get pet names First glance you can see the dirt Closet door wide open No need to search Naw The truth is just an excuse That you use to polish up a pair of selfish shoes Take it how you want Go face up the front Cause them skeletons dance to the bass... {*scratching "Drop that" "Bass"*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: MURS & Slug Album: Felt 3: A Tribute to Rosie Perez Song: Like You Typed by: kill4747@hotmail.com [Chorus 2x: MURS & Slug] I walk like, talk like, sleep like, breathe like, be like people do Live like, give like, work like, hurt like, end up in the dirt like you [Slug] + (Murs) Woke up, overslept so much for startin' the day with no regrets Begin with the daily addiction (Routine) get your machine in position Gotta go get it, gotta go figure out what it is that you're tryin' to get Shake, rattle, and roll the dice on a table full of chips that are dyin' to live [MURS] + (Slug) Get up, one leg at a time Eyes on the prize, mind on the grind toes on the floor, heart in my chest Open up the door, start up the stress (Unless) I lose my blues erase my mind of the don'ts and the do's The laws and the rules are meant to be broken Thought's not pure if the mind's not open Close the curtains, dim the lights Back to sleep, I can't win this fight (In a few minutes, it'll be alright) You gotta play wit the hand your dealt, cause that's life [Chorus 1x: MURS & Slug] I walk like, talk like, sleep like, breathe like, be like people do Live like, give like, work like, hurt like, end up in the dirt like you [Slug] Now they want the messiah to come to town but when the phoenix flew, somebody shot it down They found it dead with its head underground and there wasn't enough bird to go around [MURS] Huh, getcha game tight, getcha brain right You can shine like the stars in the same light Getcha aim right, insane hype You ain't shootin for the moon then you ain't tight (Weakness) Never been a traitor to veteran Life's not a great big hole you can settle in Climb up, neck out, take risks Beware of the hate and the snakes in this shit [Slug] + (MURS) You can pop a sheriff, like Bob or Eric You can get too high and fall off the terrace You can get embarrassed, but live it careless And do ya best to never get your merits We wanna stay content Fill the belly (And pay the rent) but the game is bent, they didn't say what they meant Then the main event came and went, spent [Chorus 2x: MURS & Slug] I walk like, talk like, sleep like, breathe like, be like people do Live like, give like, work like, hurt like, end up in the dirt like you [MURS] I got problems, I got issues I'm not perfect, but I can still diss you I got a chip on my shoulder and it's weighin' on my pride like a boulder [Slug] So let it loose, what can you do? What do you hold to show that the soul got? Somethin' to prove? We know the truth but tell me why it gotta move like a robot? [MURS] Now if ya MMA, or ya liftin weights it only takes one bullet to twist ya fate You gotta watch ya step, you gotta watch ya mouth Cause we all know the way that a punk goes out [Slug] +(MURS) I guess (we watch) the same damn channel Range, free thoughts came with the ammo [MURS] You did what you did, now you do what you do You at where ya at when you walk in them shoes (Slug) + (MURS) Did you come to fuck? (Or did you come to fight?) Well, maybe I'm here just to love my life Until they cut the price of goin bump in the night Gotta get up, get out and do somethin', right? [MURS] Walk - talk - sleep - breathe - be Live - give - work - hurt [MURS + Slug] ...like you! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Slug & MURS Album: Felt 3: A Tribute To Rosie Perez Song: Permanent Standby Typed by: timm2014@hotmail.com [MURS] She's in the back of a cab again She just packed up her bags and then Her new town She can bust down and run around Had to leave the ex cause he always brought that gun around But she's long gone He'll never find her Just another bad tattoo A reminder Of her past And how they tried to hold her back But fuck her home town Man, that whole scene was wack She's in the big city now doin' big thangs Works a little retail job For a big change She got a car so now she move around efficiently She got a car now she hittin' the ? for free She made some friends in the entertainment industry But time is wearing thin so she gives into her tendencies Postmeridian, his callin' It's been two weeks, so she been eight ballin' Got the number of a dealer and she called him Quick transaction in a bathroom stall then Guess who's back in affect? Dropped in the corner Dancin' to some dub step Rescued by two dudes Who were suspect But she was so god damn gone, she didn't object They messed around She was down for the fun and the games It doesn't count when she can't remember none of the names Rinse, repeat Weeks in the psycho But that dirt don't come clean in the night glow Now everybody knows she's the whore Where do you go when the blow's not free no more? Now the city's gettin' too small Walls closin' in, but she knows what to do y'all She popped a pill and then she packed her bags quick She's just too real for this city of plastic [Slug] She came from the desert with a Horse With No Name Half awake, waitin' at the baggage claim The pain killer that she popped as the plane tore off Age wore off Little cousin picked her up in the pick up And the minute she got in he lit up a big blunt Passed it to her She made the end glow Pull, puff share Staring out the window Parked outside of a house on the south side First couple weeks, sleepin' on the couch life Til she got a job at a department store Found a roommate and got a spot up on 24th A penny for her thoughts of a better course She wanted new friends that she hasn't met before Started hittin' up the bar just to let it pour Did one line of coke And many more Everybody loves her Is she sure? I guess it all depends on who she drops them panties for When that alcohol calls She doesn't hit ignore She says, "Give me more" Until she hits the floor Popular with the elite and the creeps And people who haven't gone to sleep this week They wear disguises like "artist" and "nice guy" But underneath you know they just another white line Fuck these pricks Fuck these junkies Fuck this weather It's not fuckin' funny It's drama It's got you actin' like a star Shut the fuck up and march your ass back up in that bar Midwest It won't be long Before she jets She don't belong It's her against anti Surfin' this landslide At the terminal Permanent standby The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Slug & MURS Album: Felt 3: A Tribute to Rosie Perez Song: Ghost Dance Deluxe Typed by: timm2014@hotmail.com Chorus [Slug]: [x2] Ghost dance deluxe Eyes open  Approach for the touch My ocean is rough from the storm And I hope that love will keep me warm So I ask for a  [Verse One: MURS] Heard the rumors in the mist Does she really exist? Qualities to qualify, man I got a whole list Whispers in the hall ways Missin' her always Talkin' to myself I don't care what y'all say Fantasy phantom This is your anthem My mystery madam Disappearing at random A band on her finger I heard it traps the ghost But she never lingers long enough for me to come close When I catch Miss Perfect I'm gonna give her that ring Her friends keep tellin' me there's no such thing But forget material girls I need a paranormal chick from an ethereal world Thought I saw one once And I just couldn't deal How could I commit when I know she's not real? Standin' by the sea with my Ghost In A Shell Your flesh is flawed and I know this well So I must make my decision Passin' up the real deal, waitin' on an apparition And one day soon I'm gonna get it together Cause I can't leave this night light on forever [Verse Two: Slug] It's no big deal Nothing to trip about But I know it's real There's one up in my house She floats, flies, moves with grace And she's not just a side effect of my imagination I can hear her voice in the air It's right there It ain't paranoia man, I swear Female Delicate little iris I might be possessed from the glimpses I catch I don't run, I chase it From every room from the attic to the basement I pursue By virtue Got me up late, way past my curfew Stay awake She's on the staircase Not scared face Not one hair raised It's not even frightening I love it when she sing And I wonder what she might bring Ghost lady You make me so crazy You smell so good And you look Oh-mazing I don't just need you to want me You got me And I keep you to haunt me The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Slug & MURS Album: Felt 3: A Tribute to Rosie Perez Song: Revisiting the Styleetron Typed by: Timm2014@hotmail.com Go [x9] Chorus: [x9] Go  On and on  Verse One [MURS] I grab the mic like my name was on it And spit the fly game to get the ladies goin' I'm a superfly southern California MC Makin' earthquakes shake and shape destiny [Slug] I'm like X, Y & Z I stick by the back door Let it go free, that's what the track's for My jobbie job is to rock a party Taught your mommy to karaoke La Di Da Di [MURS] We blowin' up But the flow is so rough That the mainstream suckers won't notice us But so what? Who gives a damn? Bout to change the whole world with this mic in my hand [Slug] Yeah Make you stand up Big and tall Pitch the ball And I promise I'ma hit it y'all And when it falls I'll be around the bases My clothes in a suitcase My phone and some toothpaste [MURS] This is my life [Slug] I'm runnin' this show [MURS] Everybody in the place just loose control! Chorus [Slug] Turn out the lights [MURS] So we can see y'all glow [Slug] Throw your hands in the air if you know you got soul! Chorus [Slug] And it grows And it builds Until it kills from the pills, bills and drum fills Free wheels Spins or sit still Everybody just wanna feel somethin' real [MURS] Deep down, we reach down to touch clowns How to rip it, how to rock it when the beat pounds Sweet sounds, burnin' right through the speaker While I'm lookin' for a chick in nice jeans and tight sneakers [Slug] We the kings of Fuckin' your queens up You can mean mug I just want the green stuff Out in Boise Set the voice free Up in Omaha We make 'em all noisy [MURS] Out in Utah Bringin' you the truth y'all Talkin' Salt Lake all the way to Sioux Falls And while the fiends on the scene do nothing We do damage and make it mean something [Slug] If you feel this shit [MURS] Put a smile on your face [Slug] Put your ass on the floor and burn down this place Chorus [MURS] If you're filthy rich [Slug] Or your minimum wage [MURS] Let me hear you make some noise if you just got paid Chorus [MURS] Now when the cops come  Tell them fools to stop frontin' This is our world, y'all don't run nothing Don't reach for your wallet cause you might get shot Screamin' justice and peace till the casket drops [Slug] Huh, We can't stop Huh, it's not an option So put your hands up You are now rockin' with the blessed So make it messy About to break the levee cause the party stays ready [MURS] Now if rich and famous Or broke and seductive MURS & Slug, the wrong crew for you to fuck with Brainstorm couldn't hold the flow in buckets My flash flood warnings Don't press your luck kid [Slug] Uh huh, North American characters When I'm on stage It's in my nature to embarrass ya The pair of us Want to share the rush Now put two up if you care too much Now [MURS] I love my job [Slug] I'm puttin' in work [MURS] All the ladies in the crowd let me hear y'all flirt Chorus [Slug] Felt don't stop [MURS] Diggin' up the dirt [Slug] Peace to anybody who's got a 2Pac shirt Chorus The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Slug & MURS Album: Felt 3: A Tribute to Rosie Perez Song: Whaleface Typed by: Timm2014@hotmail.com [Verse One: MURS] Your shit don't stink Your ship won't sink Disapproving gays, but the bitch won't blink Holier than, greater than thou Hold it in, I can tell that you're proud We're not allowed To feel equal You don't get down With real people We're all so small In your big world Go ahead and frown up And let that lip curl You got your generating, elevator eyes Look me up and down like I'm the species you despise Your arrogance, apparent, you can't wear it inside Like a character that you don't care enough to hide You act like you embarrassed by the rest of us guys When you need oxygen like the rest of the pride Like the rest of the school I guess you too cool Your shit's too hot to drop in our pool But don't get beached bitch You got a tummy full of plankton Ain't nothing but some sea shit Full of yourself so you float to the top A human hot air balloon that I'm hopin' to pop My sharp wit verse your really dull animal Your cynicism really isn't hard for you to channel so It's effortless You're better than the rest of us I get it I admit Why you even waste your breath on us? Scratching "Oh shit" [Verse Two: Slug] Hey wait You lookin' at me with the whaleface? Judge and jury tryin' to stay out of a stalemate Spoken like you know the truth Stop pretendin' Check up on yourself Tell me who you condescending? That's not special That's not a rare case A bunch of assholes Evolving at a snail's pace They hold they nose up in the air Until they open up and share like they know that you care Yeah, say thanks for the rain on the parade Make a little hate like it raises up the stakes I'm not the first to mouth the words that I'm not perfect But you wouldn't need to curse it if you went and found a purpose Scratch the itch til your fingernails break You know it You felt it So what your inner realm say? You smell fake like jail bait and hair spray Tell me how to fail taste and oh have a great day The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Slug & MURS Album: Felt 3: A Tribute to Rosie Perez Song: Glory Burning Typed by: timm2014@hotmail.com [Slug] He threw his weapon in the trash dumpster In the alley way, behind that Irish pub Then he sprinted like Olympics down the street Everything went numb except his legs and feet His car was parked, just a few blocks away He ain't gettin' caught Nope, not today And he can hear the faint sounds of the sirens Time is short And life's a sport He tried to push weight like his Face had a Scar Somebody got to hate and instigate at that bar He popped that fool, like baby I'm a star Now he's runnin' to the safety of his baby momma's car Boy was born to be a soldier Look over the shoulder as he took the corner Nobody at the pub knows who he was They seen him though Either way, there's a vehicle Down the street It's within his reach The cops are close Hear the tires screech Hand in the pocket Grab the remote Then, pop the trunk yeah Hopped in a closed it Sittin' in the cold trunk space But his head stayed hot from the sweat on his face Got to keep his cool and think this through If only he could fall asleep for a few All thoughts crossed  Of how he got lost Time is gone Tryin' to hit the stop watch Wishin' he could take it back to the simple When the future still had some potential From the childhood, playground jungle gym To the concrete jungle that he's stuck within Boy determines No returners Stay warm from the fire of the glory burnin' Chorus: [x2] [Slug] And it burns [MURS] Glory burnin' in every soul [Slug] And it burns [MURS] Glory burnin' in every goal [Slug] And it burns [MURS] Glory burnin' in every war [Slug] So let it burn [MURS] But know what you're burnin' it for [MURS] Who did this motherfucker think he was? Ran up on who like he didn't give a fuck? Who called the cops from inside the pub? Cause it didn't take the who that long to show up What made me think I had to take it this far? What made me hop into the trunk of this car? What would you do if your crew as at war? What would they do to even out the score? Where my boys at? They was supposed to have my back Wait, I can't hear no footsteps, where the cops at? Where I'm supposed to run when this trunk gets cracked? Wait, where my girl at? As a matter of fact Why ain't we pulled off and left without a trace? Why didn't I listen when she said, "Baby wait"? Why did I see disgust when I look into her face? Why didn't I learn when I caught my first case? When will the oxygen run out in this truck? When won't I have to prove I ain't no punk? When will the OGs catch a body for once? When will I get a chance to smoke this blunt? How could I think of gettin' high right now? How could I do this to my woman and child? How did I end up livin' life so fowl? Never thought the glory would burn me, that's how The fire within burns close to the heart Keeps the live shit and the emotions apart God forbid you mix passion with thought Cause then you're only askin' for the drama to start The cycle never ends while we live in denial And wonder what it is to make the kid so wild Who, what, where and when, why and how But the answers to the those questions don't matter now Chorus [x2] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Slug & MURS Album: Felt 3: A Tribute to Rosie Perez Song: Henrietta Longbottom Typed by: timm2014@hotmail.com Chorus: [MURS] Have you heard them stories bout Henrietta Longbottom? [Slug] Yeah, I heard a lot of 'em and everybody got 'em [MURS] I never really met her but I know it's all true [Slug] I never seen her either but my brother say she cool [MURS] Rumors get around through the hood with the quickness [Slug] Everyone's a customer, all up in your business [MURS] One's in your circle that don't even know ya [Slug] The same one's that circulate the stories for ya Verse One [MURS]  I seen Henrietta sittin' down by the rail Messin' with a camel toe, talkin' on her cell Breakin' up some weed, gettin' ready for her blunt But she never felt the need to fix the wedgie in the front [Slug] She kept to herself Only had a few associates People of the village got curious But most would just make up stories Some rumors Some gossip But Henrietta didn't care Hands in her pockets [MURS] I heard she used to kick it down by the river bed She used to date an old man that lived out in a shed I heard he had blue hair Honestly, who cares? The whole town used to say, "I wonder what they do there?" [Slug] Well, I heard he was bird Plus he was her dad Father of a dragon ball Her momma was a crocodile They used to drag race down at the strip In a Chevy Nova Cross bow with an extra clip [MURS] Hands up when they rollin' through your city Chewin' on some stuff, mix it up with some Wrigley Fumes from the car makin' everybody dizzy Bumpin' Flaming Lips, Johnny Cash and Biggie [Slug] Kick in the door Beatin' her dead horse It died She made dog food No loss She's a hooligan Amateur sex movies and fresh kicks But her breath smells like Chicken boullian Chorus Verse Two [MURS] She had a pink bandanna hangin' out her back pocket She was in a gang that wore miss matched socks and Met up every Tuesday for beer and some bingo Since the horse died she had to ride a flamingo [Slug] Ha, he couldn't talk but he knew how to sing she Did a little dust then cut off his wings then Stuck them to her back Took a sniff of gasoline And went door to door tryin' to sell magazines [MURS] Hair in a ponytail Cocked to the side Patch on her left, open up the right eye Dental floss and band aids to hold her pants up 20 inch waist but a double D cup [Slug] W T Fuck Whoo She's a true fox She uses glue to hold up her tube socks She's a ninja  High score on Centipede Played pro hockey till her body caught an injury [MURS] Henrietta Henrietta, girl where you been? Drowning in a bath tub filled up with gin Doesn't work a lot but grows her own crop Last week she killed some Navy Seals for tryin' to steal her crop [Slug] I don't know if you care or you invest But Henrietta's dead No more no less Never really met her so I'm not losin' sleep But Longbottom is long gone Rest in peace Chorus The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Slug & MURS Album: Felt 3: A Tribute to Rosie Perez Song: She Sonnet Typed by: timm2014@hotmail.com [Verse One: Slug] Step, you know the rep It crawls and creeps Keep holdin' your breath til you fall asleep From the minor leagues We got no time to bleed You need to open the piece  And quit trippin' over both your feet Tie your laces before you try to chase Disgrace don't discriminate It paints any face I've been many places And I made them all to be You on some fire on the roof Yes y'all follow me [MURS] I've been High Plains Driftin' since the 90's Cipher backpack with some weed is where you'll find me I was listenin' to Wu-Tang Tryin' to do the group thang They called us Log Cabin We opened up a new lane From the Life to the Blowed I was there for it Rock Steady, Scribble Jam All the rare moments We been in the game so long But still evolved while all of y'all been singin' the same song So [Chorus: x2] Touch You don't want it Rush You don't want it Broke You don't want it Choke You don't want it None You don't want it Done You don't want it MURS and Slug and Aes  And she's on it! [Verse Two: MURS] She told me that she never had someone to listen to Tried hip hop, but it was hard to get into They called her bitch and it was so disrespectful She turned a deaf ear and started bumpin' techno But I apologize And here's a dedication I'm not a saint, but I'm really ain't the degradation Fuck a bitch, love a woman, that's my new motto Yeah I'm ignorant But tryin' to be a role model [Slug] Cooled half my life through this home made pipe Took a left, left, left like I know it's right And I'm suppose to give a fuck about what you bout? Isn't it something now? Shut your mouth You buggin' out Me, I know we make 'em go nuts So what You know what? Hold up Don't interrupt the grown ups Get busy DC Twin Cities When she keeps it pretty And your CDs are Frisbee [Verse Three: MURS] The ultimate And we're as dope as it's suppose to get Some say they want a new style Some say they like our older shit Critics threw their darts at my heart  And I took it Put it all on my shoulders But it left my back crooked Deep But not broken up Late night hopin' Lost with no cause, got my eyes wide open Schemin' on a dream that's always seemin' to unravel Cause we caught up with the legions of the demons that we battle [Slug] You ain't an artist You a scum bag Douche bag Cause when it rains you keep wavin' some new flag You ain't a critic, just a giant midget Tryin' to get with any tool to help you climb that big dick Well, you can hide behind the pride and guilt Stand still and deny the time it took to get it built Or illustrate the definition of Hell And shape it into whatever it takes for you to feel Felt The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Slug & MURS Album: Felt 3: A Tribute to Rosie Perez Song: Felt Good Typed by: timm2014@hotmail.com [Intro] (Crowd Cheering) Party time! (Tasering sound) [Crowd] Awwwwww I don't want to be good [Verse One: Slug] Good  Damn Shook off the sand Cooked by the ham Back when hoods packed the jams Breath with spite I need it in my life Too keep it out of sight  Until the freaks come out at night Big Mouth A big mouth (You got a big mouth) Sniff it up quick and get kicked out the house Step  Back Felt don't melt like wax Felons necks get snapped And the checks get faxed Re-lease Give me freedom and some peace A free kick to the beast with the demons and police Touch Dirt You stuck in reverse So fuck what ya heard and put your nuts up in your purse [MURS] Gooder than good man Man, we greater than great While you...  Faker than fake That's why we hate on your hate And we hate on your love Cause when push comes to shove All the funny lookin' chicks get took in the club Hell, they lookin' for Slug Man, they lookin' for MURS We got 'em screamin' for the Felt cause we puttin' in work While you was puttin' out trash We was spendin' on gas To travel all around the world to put a foot in yo ass And you can call if wack rap Indie rap if you want to Play us emo-hop for the hipsters but FUCK YOU We do it for the public That's tired of that thug shit We know who's the greatest cause your girlfriend loves us The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Slug & MURS Album: Felt 3: A Tribute to Rosie Perez Song: Deathmurdermayhem Typed by: kill4747@hotmail.com [Chorus 2x: Slug] (Murs) Death, murder and mayhem (Push me to the brink and they got me debatin') Death, murder and mayhem (Now I wanna go outside and paint the pavement) [MURS] I heard my hood was a joke to y'all I used to think about smokin' y'all Late night, in my crib, playin Dreamcast Now I cock back, all black, wit' a ski mask Talkin' shit like I wasn't goin' hear you Standin 'cross the street wit' the heat in the clear view (Clear view) Think my story's all make-believe Pushed to the front line, then forced to take a leave Say 3:16 was made up Step ya rap game down and ya street game up Ever seen gunfire lightin' up a staircase? Ask the enemy how the gun look in their face, it's so serious You dudes listen to these rappers cause you're curious It's all real, only three basic principles Death, murder, mayhem, no one is invincible Undefeated in the streets and I don't beef wit' emcees who get they ass beat All up on Youtube, runnin they yap I ain't tryin to get caught up wit' none of you cats That would be the end of so-called gangsta rap Cause as soon as I call my gangstas, it's a rap Rhymes like that is why gangsta rap suck and that's word to the tears on the face of Young Buck, huh [Chorus 2x: Slug] (Murs) Death, murder and mayhem (Push me to the brink and they got me debatin') Death, murder and mayhem (Now I wanna go outside and paint the pavement) [Slug] I hate life cause I hate my boss I'd walk off the job, can't take the loss Paranoia that he might lay me off I promise to God, someday, he's gonna pay the cost I dream about killin' sometimes Booze, weed, pills, nothin' helps unwind I'm done tryin to find sunshine I could be a internet punchline by lunchtime They wanna over-work me They tryin to hurt me, but now I'm just blood-thirsty First, we make him scream like a girlie Then gag him wit a shirt sleeve and show him no mercy He's out of shape, I'm younger, I'm sturdy I aim so early that I don't know how to carve a turkey Plus I'm clean, I can purchase a burnie and put a couple +Black Eyed Peas+ up in his +Fergie+ Attitude checker, catch a wet rack The rugs a red mat cause he got fed the lead Exlax Leave ya dead flat on ya dead back and let ya neighbor kids poke you wit' a stick like a dead cat Do it right, wit' the human rights If for no other reason, then losin' life, huh and maybe you should try to watch what you say Cause today just might not be your day, c'mon [Murs] + (Slug) Push me to the brink and they got me debatin' (Death, murder and mayhem Death, murder and mayhem) Push me to the brink and they got me debatin' [Chorus 2x: Slug] (Murs) Death, murder and mayhem (Push me to the brink and they got me debatin') Death, murder and mayhem (Now I wanna go outside and paint the pavement) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Slug & MURS Album: Felt 3: A Tribute to Rosie Perez Song: The Prize Typed by: kill4747@hotmail.com What the fuck is that? [MURS] In my era, we used to call it "Stilo" That's Spanish for "style," estupido It used to be all tranquilo Never thought I'd live to see the day you'd stoop this low We grew up in the same environment Shared the same spray paint and markers and shit Now you lookin' for a early retirement Cause every day you hate on me, you talk like a bitch Scared the hell out you, didn't I? Sittin' wit' ya girl on the couch watchin Youtube Couldn't even look me in the eye Tried to play it off like "what's up, my dude?" Must've forgot about me, huh I'm still from the block, I just look a little strange but we can talk about it, bro We can step off in the front yard and throw them thangs but you don't wanna go against me You really wanna kick it when push comes to shove You actin silly cause you miss me And this is the way that you show me love [Chorus: Slug] You need to focus those eyes on the time It was right, then ya life, then ya rhymes, then the prize And I don't even think you lookin at the prize I think you killin' time lookin' at what's mine [Slug] Some people call it swagger I'm a little bit older, so I still call it mojo it really doesn't matter, nah if you got it you get it, if you don't then it won't grow I heard that they was mad at me Do I care? No, the evil doesn't see a scarecrow Flashback to old strategies Cause you gotta be careful, when these crabs in the barrel Slow down, hit my hometown Cats talk a lot of smack, so what's up wit' that? I been around the globe now and I snuck back, just to let you know that it was fuckin' flat Come down off the jackass You should put both feet on the ground, oh, so real You ain't built for revenge math Just talent and voice, wit' no social skill This goes to too many people If you feel offended, come and get wit' the kid I'm not better than you, nah, I'm equal but when I went to do it, I meant what I did [Chorus 2x: Slug] You need to focus those eyes on the time It was right, then ya life, then ya rhymes, then the prize And I don't even think you lookin at the prize I think you killin' time lookin' at what's mine (F-e-l-t! Felt! Felt! Felt!) Artist: Slug & MURS Album: Felt 3: A Tribute to Rosie Perez Song: G.I. Josephine Typed by: kill4747@hotmail.com So yeah, man.. All you fuckin Private - Private Pyle muthafuckas, man You gotta - you gotta step ya game up, man You gotta first, iron your uniform, you know Get your shit together when - when - when approaching a superior officer You can't, you can't come wit' no bullshit, man Like, you're severely outranked, man [Chorus: Slug] She make moves and pay dues Friday, it's time to break loose She pays mind the baselines Drum beats, completes the play time She standin up and you can't interrupt 'till she danced enough She a soldier out here she make a little mix, let 'em know she out here [Slug] We call her G.I. Josephine, standin' in line Even though she could climb throught the opening She got the doorman under a spell, knowin damn well She could have him livin' out her hand if she felt It's alright, cause when she gets inside She'll have a room full of dudes do the Electric Slide, haha She got a lotta attitude, but it's never rude She keeps a level mood, it helps to get her through The work week, makes her thirsty Crash the party and jack the body 'till it hurts feet Reach ya peak, try to tire the physique Cause she been takin friendly fire all week She where the sidewalk ends She stops ya pace, you try to talk, make friends Then poof, she's gone, but nope, you're wrong She's in the corner by herself singin a soldier song, it goes: [Chorus: Slug] She make moves and pay dues Friday, it's time to break loose She pays mind the baselines Drum beats, completes the play time She standin up and you can't interrupt 'till she danced enough She a soldier out here she make a little mix, let 'em know she out here [MURS] She got her hair done, and her "Go get 'em" dress on Big girl shit, manicure, no press on She 'bout to do it y'all, she steppin' out She kissed the babies on the cheek right before she left the house They know she loves 'em, but this is her night Since she been a mom, she only been out twice It's only right that she get to do her thang She called up the girls and she rounded up the gang and when she steps in it's bam, yes, ma'am She usually a stunner, but in that dress, DAMN! Stacey Dash and Phylicia Rashad Timeless booty, given grace from God She makin' it hard to look away but you dudes be cool, she wasn't lookin at you, anyway Shootin down all the bullshit that you shoot her The girl is a trooper, stand up, salute her [Chorus 2X: Slug] She make moves and pay dues Friday, it's time to break loose She pays mind the baselines Drum beats, completes the play time She standin up and you can't interrupt 'till she danced enough She a soldier out here she make a little mix, let 'em know she out here The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Slug & MURS Album: Felt 3: A Tribute to Rosie Perez Song: The Clap Typed by: timm2014@hotmail.com [Woman's voice] Picture someone, maybe not yourself but someone {*echoes*} [Slug] When you look at someone, assume they have the clap Clap Clap [Slug] No herpies [Woman's voice] Someone (echo) [Slug] No clap Clap Clap [Slug] You ain't never felt this way [x2] [Woman's voice] Picture someone, maybe not yourself but someone {*echoes*} Shake Shake The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Slug & MURS Album: Felt 3: A Tribute to Rosie Perez Song: We Have You Surrounded Typed by: kill4747@hotmail.com Nah, nah, man I'm not gonna autograph your arm Why? Well, because, uh, really Because - because you look kinda like the type of dude that would go and get that shit tattooed on you And I - I just don't know if I really feel all that comfortable with that (9-1-1! 9-1-1! 9-1-1!) [Slug] 9-1-1, emergency, frantic We got the best fans on the planet These other people don't seem to understand it but they grab it wit both hands and take it all for granted But never that, we give it back Tit-for-tat, depends where ya head is at and if it ain't up above, then my name is Slug And you can call me Heavy D cause I got +Nuttin' But Love+ [MURS] Alright, the babies that I shook, hands that I took Pull out ya camera phone, that's a damn good look I got the best bosses, I heart my job I walk out the venue, they all start to mob I got fans that are more like friends but sorry ladies, Sean won't let me sign skin I love breasts, but out of respect I'd rather kiss you on ya cheek than write on ya chest, c'mon (9-1-1! 9-1-1! 9-1-1! 911, what is your emergency?) [Slug] I never thought that we would take it here Baby stepped it, wit' your help, thank you very much I love it and I wanna make it clear You get the credit, it's your felt plus America We did it to do it for all of the fans To put a little more music in the palm of their hands I write a song about life and dirt So I can ride along wit' you when ya drivin' to work [MURS] (9-1-1!) There's an eagle on the loose Careful not to flood my engine wit' the juice Once a recluse, never got played Now they remember every word that I say I pray that they see all my faults and flaws My dirty laundry, my socks and drawers Like the rest of you misfits, I grit and I grind Punch my way through this bitch, one fist at a time [Slug] Get yours, meet me at the in-store We'll set the horses free and steal his pitchfork Trippin' over cords on a big tour and get applause like it's all that we live for Signin' you off on a dime's drop Decide if it's time to stop, nah I'm not gonna finish till I'm just some image (9-1-1!) Imaginary friendship [MURS] You know my songs, you don't know me You bought my disc, you don't own me Homie, you spittin' all over the place You drunk and you got ya girl hidin' her face I met you before? Yeah, I remember but check yourself, then check your gender If you a man, then act like it dude and lose that little fucked up attitude, damn (9-1-1! 9-1-1! 9-1-1!) (*Dial tone*) *"9-1-1" is scratched and cut* (*Phone keeps on ringing*) "The mailbox belonging to '9-1-1' is full and cannot accept new messages at this time. Please try again later, goodbye." The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Slug & MURS Album: Felt 3: A Tribute to Rosie Perez Song: Give it Up Typed by: timm2014@hotmail.com [Slug] I sit in the back of the chamber Away from the strangers like I'm a big banger Fuck ya theories Clearly it's a myriad Of weak characters and second to last periods Put an asterisk by your name With a footnote explaining the shattered glass frame The dusk came The smile was afflicted They called it fame Highly addictive [MURS] I graduated like a cylinder My signature Can't be recognized by these minuscule miniatures Consummate con artists  Conning all you conformers Pushin' my penmanship Pinnacle performance A peg leg A prophet through piracy I still sail (sell) Indulged in the irony And I will be The last man standing Screamin' "Land ho" and sink your whole damn planet [Slug] Give it up, give it here I want full attention Sharpen up the #2 It's time to start the testin' Sentences etched in To the development Confliction eternal At war with your skeleton [MURS] I got an air tight alibi No holes in my story Gossip hood homies that can hold that for me There's new ways to get high But all that bore me Don't want to be strung out on coke when your forty Chorus [Aesop Rock] (Slug):  (Give it up) Swim together or drown separate Do not let her peer into a man's eyes like Xs (I got Xs) Do not let her rehabilitate Eyes like Xs, tongues like figure eights (Give it up) Get it together or dive separate Do not let peer into a man's eyes like Xs (I got Xs) Do not let her rehabilitate Eyes like Xs, tongues like figure eights (Give it up) [MURS] Here it is, a big day for the little rhymers Puttin' out a new record All they do is criticize us It's all up on the Internet They analyze who's in and out of Can't they see these men are riders? All that do is energize us Powered up You sittin' with that sour cup Cryin' over spilled milk Mad cause your hour's up It's our turn Better luck next time Get yours Until then respect mine [Slug] I'm a product of too many Minnesota winters Go figure They call me a go getter Had a fetish for puttin' letters together Did it for the adventure cause we know better There's no treasure Just sex, drugs, rock & roll and guns And a visit to the dentist every 24 months I never respect the peaches or plumbs That's why I speak to your face and keep my hands on your lunch [MURS] Boss up or bow down to big timers We download Dodgin' all you dick riders See me talkin' to a chick You know I'm tryin' to take her home Cock block my convo, I'm crackin' your camera phone [Slug] Out hollerin' Cause my tolerance is thin I'm callin' offense moves with my defense in Gotta watch you fools with every open eye Don't forget to watch them ones that try to hold you high (You know that's right) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Slug & MURS Album: Felt 3: A Tribute to Rosie Perez Song: Paul Reubens Typed by: kill4747@hotmail.com [MURS] I run-run rappers right outta the game Bench em, sit em down in the Hall of Shame Young-somethin', lil' bitch, all in the names I used to keep it quiet cause hatin is so lame but every now and then you gotta state the facts Like 98-percent of these dudes is straight wack They got me up in center space and I'm dancin' to techno Bumpin' indie rock then mock-electro [Chorus 2x: MURS] + (Slug) I got a brand new car, full tank of gas (I got a big mission, and it's made of glass) My momma always told me "Better make that cash!" (So that's what I do, while I wait to crash) [Slug] (Wait) Wait, yeah, I heard you caught a couple of breaks You still a sucka tryin' to catch airwaves Catch a fall down a staircase, take it Another unmarked grave under the basement Up on the stage it's like somethin' to taste, it's like Runnin' the place, it's like punchin' ya face, it's like Don't attempt to follow nothin' to chase Or ya might see the bottom of one of those lakes (Splash!) [MURS] Fakes, frauds and phonies, are we like the only muthafuckas in this game who ain't corny? "My Little Pony"-ass rappers wit a stylist Tryin' to be "Rainbow Bright," on some fly shit Strawberry Shortcake, doin' too much They focus on the fashion, the music sucks You look like a pinche pinata, pendejo Make like a carpet, roll up or lay low [Chorus 2x: MURS] + (Slug) I got a brand new car, full tank of gas (I got a big mission, and it's made of glass) My momma always told me "Better make that cash!" (So that's what I do, while I wait to crash) [MURS] I used to drink 40's on the porch all the time Now I'm gettin' older and I'm sippin' that wine Pinot, no fuckin' Merlot I used to pack a pocket knife inside my yellow Jaboes Got stabbed in third grade by the swings Since then I keep a switchblade inside my jeans Fuck wit' me and I'll cut ya, straight King Tut ya Wrap you up in bandages, muthafucka [Slug] Set the monster free, they never used to talk to me Mow they holler at me constantly Well, hop on these, take the properties and multiply that shit by the power of three Didn't you know? We still in control It's Felt, muthafucka, all systems go You've been to my show, it's like a mistletoe So hold the bottle and play spin the globe [Chorus 2x: MURS] + (Slug) I got a brand new car, full tank of gas (I got a big mission, and it's made of glass) My momma always told me "Better make that cash!" (So that's what I do, while I wait to crash) [Slug] Huh, I guess the moral is stick a fork in it We got more to give, you're fortunate You fuckin' with the Legend and these members of The Orphanage Organisms that were born for this First, we make the people feel quite right Then I'm workin' on the sequel to "Zeitgeist" So push up the light, peace, nighty-night Stay tuned, Felt number four, "Tribute to Heidi Fleiss." The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Atmosphere Album: To All My Friends, Blood Makes the Blade Holy: The Atmosphere EPs Song: Until the Nipple's Gone Typed by: newos_crib_is@hotmail.com [Slug] Ninety-nine bottles of ink on the wall Stare at the stars, blink and they fall Stand tall and shrink, small Maybe they all fell asleep at the mall Y'all not clear what to call a career Stop the bus, I'm hopping off here Get down, snuck and got near Just to watch you drown in them crocodile tears Dressed up all black with a clown mask Shred the system, sound clash Fall back when my feet touch ground Hit the Heathrow tarmac like where the pound at? Self-service, getting it to go A lot of work for a little bit of dough Wipe the dirt out the window of the soul Fish with my pole from the middle of the snow Still running, bound to build something Even though we all surrounding by hills crumbling Lil young'n, we kill assumption Come hit us up, you wanna feel the function? We proof of what you could do if you would have took the lead to speak truth You look cute little sheep in a wolf suit Lost on a rook move, shoot that sense of direction, misconception Get your check and then skip the lesson Get paranoid and collect protection Get destroyed by the boy just stepped in Ain't nobody gon' stay when the stack cracks Nowadays they ain't tryna save a rat's ass Hit the gas and mash past the trash I wouldn't want it any other way and that's that On this tit till it's going flat When I'm gone you can taste my frozen tracks My crew stay deep and we don't relax Ain't going to sleep, too old for naps They say go to hell if you're tryna fold some cash Well ring the bell, there ain't no more class Pot or smack, but don't know the facts Spot is packed, who owns the map? I'm not convinced, y'all overact You're on the bench tryna choke the bat I headline shows that they hoping that I get mine, they can go cloak and dag' You had the chance to hold me back I still advance, fade slow to black Y'all are just ants till it all collapse Put both your hands up and throw me claps, c'mon Clap, clap, clap, everybody clap Clap, clap, clap your hands to what he's doing We get 'em jumping around like a swarm of crickets and that's ordinary normal business And you trying to ignore the visit But your girl's online bout to score some tickets I was born a crumb, I'm a poor decision I'll die a crumb, I'm sure it's written But first I'ma smash over ornaments and then bounce 'fore they announce the court's opinion We all rapper rappers We all wanna capture stature like any of it matters Ass backwards and a lack of words Only thing that you're killing me with is laughter They used to cap and call me a backpacker But they was mad I had my mack mastered Went up the ladder and I seen the ants So now I treat each track like it's the last chapter Can't take it for granted, cause when it's done I gotta subject my breath to the shit I've run Gotta respect the mess I'm sitting on So let's get it on until the nipple's gone The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Atmosphere Album: To All My Friends, Blood Makes the Blade Holy: The Atmosphere EPs Song: The Major Leagues Typed by: newos_crib_is@hotmail.com [Slug] He started running down the middle of the street Bare feet, looking like he needs a little to eat Broad daylight, the school kids are laughing at him It doesn't matter, he's battling a traffic jam A Pacman tryna come up a quarter Joystick, put your score in the corner Running from the ghosts till you get that pill Gotta hit the wall when you wanna stand still He's used to sell crack, years back I remember it was him and his weird fat cousin The last ones that you would've guessed at it Soundtrack was "Black Planet" and "Sex Packets" A long time ago in a hood that is still relatively close as the crow flies No time to grieve or bleed Tryna find a way to fulfill those needs [Chorus: 2X] Such temptation, what's the basis? Cutthroat rages, tuck the razor Stuck in a phase of must get paid here Blood rush, raised up to the majors [Slug] I was living at my dad's crib still a kid, when my best friend began to drift So I guess I was a lame cause I wasn't with the game, motherfuck cocaine Yeah I know you didn't want to be broke It's a common excuse for those that sold dope If your momma had knew, I know she'd throw blows Y'all moved here from Chicago to grow You got a tool up inside of your coat And you got no clue why you decided to smoke I never even said goodbye to the bloke I would see him around but never try to provoke But here we are two decades later I'm curious to see what the kingpin's days made of You never got to be Scarface Caught between a rock and a hard place Maybe he got something to say to me I have to patiently wait and see Hoping that heaven has a vacancy for dope fiends Cause I know he never made it to the major leagues [Chorus: 2X] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Atmosphere Album: To All My Friends, Blood Makes the Blade Holy: The Atmosphere EPs Song: Scalp Typed by: newos_crib_is@hotmail.com [Slug] I sat down and put a fifty on the bar A whisky and a beer, let's forget where we are And keep 'em coming till I drink that whole grant up Filling up that cup till I can't stand up Look around, see what the room's got Well there's Sunny by the jukebox Grab my drinks, headed over to say peace But had to think, do I owe him any late fees? Wait up nah, I'm all paid up huh Yeah I made it square last time I came up town What up Sunny? {What up?} How's business? {How you doing Sean? I ain't seen you in a couple of minutes} Man I just been working and jerking Tryna get the rent right and be perfect, how bout you? {Oh you know how the same old game go  Hustle through the wind, rain, snow or tornado} Yeah bro, spent time catching up The bar tender kept the drinks fresh enough Good conversation, no pretension I drank up my whole fifty bucks and then some It was getting close to last call So I grabbed my coat and stood up like that's all But Sunny say {Hold up Sean, it's your day  I need a favor, let me throw some money your way} I sat back down in the booth I said, I know your deal Sunny, what I gotta do? He said {I'll give you three-five piece of the pie  If you pick up a package for me on the eastside tomorrow} Three and a half for an hour and a half Saint Paul and back's only ten dollars gas Yeah I can handle, give me all the info Only one thing though, I won't bring a pistol {Hahahah} He laughed and said {It ain't like that  It's simple, grab the package and come right back  It's a tattoo shop, it's called...} Shhh don't snitch {They some nice cats} Nice cats? {Cool as an icepack} Well alright jack {Discretion is a must  Keep a hush, other than that I don't give a fuck} Cool, I got this, it's done like dinner And then I stepped out into the winter I got behind the wheel of my vehicle Streetlights shining on my face, you can see it glow The rearview reflection got clearer I starting talking to the image in the mirror I said, you should go back in and decline Sunny will understand, everything will be fine Sean calm down, get a grip, you're tripping I took a deep breath and put the key in the ignition Stop being a bitch now, man up Rolling down twenty-six with thoughts of handcuffs Pulled out on Lyndale, killed by a couple of drunks broad side of my pickup truck The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Atmosphere Album: To All My Friends, Blood Makes the Blade Holy: The Atmosphere EPs Song: The Best Day Typed by: newos_crib_is@hotmail.com [Slug] I had a rough day, but that's life, it happens Woke up on a dark side of my mattress I guess I forgot to set my clock Overslept, almost lost the job Then to top it off, I'm kinda hungry But can't eat till I find my money It's in my wallet but my wallet ain't in my pocket Can't remember the last time I saw it And they don't want me in a bad mood Afraid that it'll spread and everyone will catch an attitude They got 'em all singing the same tone Thinking I should go and start a fire in the break room Co-workers make me sick and the manager really ain't shit But I can't quit, so I'm hiding in the basement Holding onto to my face like fuck this place [Chorus: 2X] Every day can't be the best day Do what you can right now, don't hesitate That's why we try to make love and get paid Take the bad with the good, now let's play [Slug] Hell naw, I ain't going to school The teacher's a jerk, he must think I'm a fool and all the kids mess with each other always all day Class warfare up and down the hallways And if you ain't popular Nobody talks to ya, unless they mocking ya Not even bus driver or the hall monitor I might as well climb inside my locker huh It's a bad day, bad week and a bad month Don't nobody want to trade with my bag lunch Someday I'ma be so cool But for now I got cheap shoes, so I keep losing Girls give no love to a poor man It's a prison, the clock is warden Man it won't get no better when I get home So I listen to the voice in my headphones [Chorus: 2X] [Slug] Can't dance with an upset stomach The overdraft notices just kept coming Somebody broke into the porch and stole a chair Top of your head stopped growing hair Broken glass, computer crashed The car won't start and the tires went flat Dog got loose, brought back a dead cat Daughter found it and had a panic attack Plus you ain't had sex in how long? Afraid to admit that the fire's all gone The better half is talking about separate You wish you could take it back to yesterday You not alone, it's hard as hell But don't waste no time feeling sorry for self We'll be right here with you through your war Cause you're the one that we make this music for Now turn it up [Chorus: 2X] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Atmosphere Album: To All My Friends, Blood Makes the Blade Holy: The Atmosphere EPs Song: Americareful Typed by: newos_crib_is@hotmail.com [Slug] Hey man what's happening? I ain't seen you in a while Cheeba, cheeba How you been? How you been? What's the matter, you sick? Don't come near me man Cheeba, cheeba Alright I'll see you later Tommy doesn't got no money for the doctor But Tommy got sick, Tommy needs a shot or Maybe Tommy got shot and needs a lot more Thank mommy Tommy's problem is not yours Tommy went to county medical service It's where you go when you don't have insurance Budget cuts and they overwork the nurses You can find more lying/lion than at a circus Tommy sitting in a hospital waiting room Pray to God that the doctor will take him soon Blood pressure on burn cause they stress him out It's your turn, so in turn they check you now Wait, first got to fill out the paperwork I know you're hurt but the bill's gonna make it worse Healthcare costs more than a small plane Good thing Paul had the brain to use a false name [Chorus: 2X] God bless the nation, obligation Altercation, interest of conflict Population, lost your patience Confirmation, symptoms of a hostage [Slug] Katy went and got a baby in her stomach She didn't mean to, she was only fucking It ain't like she isn't old enough to cut it as a mother Doesn't matter though, it's not in the budget Now she got to make a visit to the clinic She can't remember ever feeling this timid She gonna front and act like it isn't hard Vacuum, boom, put it on her debit card Sitting in the waiting room, it's a full house A lot of a presidents that didn't pull their troops out If you're gonna special op with the bad boys Going in unprotected is a bad choice It's your decision to correct a poor decision Alert the stalk to stop, abort the mission Forced in a more horrible position when the doc got shot on the way into the building [Chorus: 4X] [Slug] Cheeba, cheeba Cheeba, cheeba The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Atmosphere Album: To All My Friends, Blood Makes the Blade Holy: The Atmosphere EPs Song: Hope Typed by: newos_crib_is@hotmail.com [Slug] Somebody's amp is buzzing Somebody's amp is buzzing Somebody's amp is... fix the fucking amp! I hope it's not too late when you get the news I hope your coffee's great and you had breakfast too I hope it's the type of day you would say was perfect in every way you could crave of I hope all your brats behave and that you had a good shower, shat and shave I hope your lady cooperates, plays nice I hope you already got laid today twice I hope that your teeth don't hurt and it's the first morning of a whole week off work I hope that your back feels fine and your car starts first try Search a blue sky and watch the birds fly Hope its everything you could ask for, plus more Maybe even catch a little nap on the front porch I hope you got the world under foot and you're on page one of your new favorite book I hope you took a little time to reflect Hope you get to look, see the signs that connect I hope there's no depression or panic attacks when you finally decide to get a life and quit rapping I'm only serious, I hope you're hearing this in land at the end of the line, just like period! I hope you can let the star go I wish you a good day, I hope it's tomorrow You suck, you suck dude The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Atmosphere Album: To All My Friends, Blood Makes the Blade Holy: The Atmosphere EPs Song: The Loser Wins Typed by: newos_crib_is@hotmail.com [Slug] You know you fucked up right? Bye bye, wish you luck with life But I'd be damned if, I let you manage to bless that blade and keep taking advantage Look man, yeah you shook my hand But that was back then, we're not good fam I'm the fool cause I started to be cool with him But I got schooled in the art of opportunism I ain't the only one that walked away Look around, everybody gone today You all alone with your empty chest So bury the bones with any regrets and keep those skeletons piled in stacks Just drink your medicine, don't bite your glass I tried to make a difference But the only thing that changed was I gave you distance [Chorus: 2X] I won't trust you again Getting better at choosing friends This time the loser wins Cause I learned how to cut off the looser ends [Slug] I'm not tripping, this just an excuse for me to dick down a little bit of the truth We killing time and time's killing us So I won't waste mine tryna grip a grudge But don't twist it into what it isn't Don't call, don't write, don't visit I put you on ignore, you're not the homie anymore The only thing that you could show me is the door Game over, yeah who's winning? Save your gas, I refuse to listen If you doing math, we doing division Don't even ask how I've been, there's no you in existence Go your way, I'll go my way And you keep going until there's no one to violate And I'ma remember your last impression Thanks for that lesson [Chorus: 2X] [Slug] Now I lay you down to sleep I swear to God you're dead to me If I should give you any thought It's just to teach self how to not The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Atmosphere Album: To All My Friends, Blood Makes the Blade Holy: The Atmosphere EPs Song: Shotgun Typed by: newos_crib_is@hotmail.com [Slug] You motherfuckers ain't on my shelf I should jump back and try to french kiss myself The boy fell in the well and lived to tell Put my voice in the mix, make the winter melt I'm the best thing since a fresh loaf of sliced bread Sitting on the bed between a pair of nice legs I'm sex, white flag, ice bag, wipe rag I'm twice the mess but a fraction of the price tag Back stage in a rat cage But when I bend these bars, everybody get to gas face They said it was dead, in that case I'ma get revenge, I'ma make rap pay Now run and tell the sun I'm turning up the light I might arrive on the plane, train, bus or bike You can fuss and fight, but it's just despite Cause it functions right when I cup this mic No feedback, ease back, let the beat crack But Uncle Sam said he wanna see tax Make the beeswax, no relax Run around the map and leave tracks You can call me Sean like nothing's wrong I'm the early dawn, I'm the dirty bum My thoughts get drawn on a JumboTron If your jaw don't drop you can hum along, come on! [Chorus: 2X] Shotgun, the raw one We the hot sauce on y'alls tongue We don't stop till it's all done So turn it up till the cops come [Slug] You get lost in how awesome I is You watching like you bought stock in my biz You caught that sickness sitting on shit You'd be better off frying up some littler fish I'm a big catch, whoo! Sweet Jesus Walk on the trash, keep clean as a fetus Rip the beef into child size pieces You talk cheap, now you need to get your teeth fixed I don't recognise you or your toy crew Go ahead, step aside now, let my noise through Grew and spread like Kudzu Didn't need a gun to put a +Slug+ in your guts Move over chauffeur, I roll the coaster I got older and badder and bolder Who's the host with the moster? Birds fly to Minnesota just to land on my shoulders No pressure, it don't get desperate No special effects, just sweat and spit So fresh, still make it seem effortless Breath smell like breast milk and peppermint Got put on a permanent good foot Huh, got more flavor than a cookbook So take a look at what you couldn't have took If I forgot anything, we'll just put it on the hook, c'mon [Chorus: 2X] [Slug] You ain't gon' be shit I'm the best kept secret Anyone can see it If I say it loud enough, maybe you'll believe it The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Atmosphere Album: To All My Friends, Blood Makes the Blade Holy: The Atmosphere EPs Song: Commodities Typed by: newos_crib_is@hotmail.com Everybody, everybody want to be somebody Go gotta be, there's no probably You can talk to me after the party It's just monotony, human commodities [Slug] Don't you just, don't you just love that profile page? Where we use our voice and take the stage Just to get repped for future endeavors When you only special as physical measurements Pardon me if what I speak seems amiss Like anyone, we looking for a reason to exist Validate the little ego cause we seeking it But we only get attention from the neediest Sex symbolic, took it literal But the visual change with the wind that blows And it shows cause we don't tiptoe We got the tendencies to disclose too much info Everybody, everybody want to be famous yeah So we ask Santa Claus for fake tits huh Let's take steps to embrace the objectification and fix your face next Yeah you're attractive, anyone's attractive What? That's not magic, in fact when I last checked you got casted as an extra, fantastic But why don't you tone it down to bout half as dramatic Can't dance past without a glance at the glass Still won't admit that you practised that accent Your personalities are canvas You wanna impress me? Go fix a decent sandwich Come on chuckles, grab a cluster of struggles Muster up the guts to tattoo 'em on your knuckles Broken models causing troubles Frozen nostrils, solve that puzzle How many photo albums full of self-indulgence? Cellphones, so portraits can be helmed on your favorite internet social network rebellion Got me wondering what the fuck you selling [Chorus: 2X] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Atmosphere Album: To All My Friends, Blood Makes the Blade Holy: The Atmosphere EPs Song: The Number None Typed by: newos_crib_is@hotmail.com [Slug] Alright Baby listen, they playing our song You want to slow dance with me? C'mon You can just say no You ain't gotta be a douche about it I was just a kid, she was just a kid Lost in the mix, it didn't matter what we did She used to baby me, I was her baby doll I used to chase her around, she was basketball I guess it had to fall, I should've known No model to follow, we were both from broken homes But we used to laugh about acting grown up and I could hear her mom in the back yelling hang the phone up A teenage love, a teenage love Keep up the crush on what it means to us It's okay girl, we don't even need to fuck I was the first one to show her what a penis was We used to sit on the park bench and hold hands Staying out past dark to feel the romance Summer time I was waking up early Bounce out the flat little worm, get the birdy Walk to her house and watch a couple movies Kissing on her nipples, playing with the coochy, whoo! That's as far as it ever got, pet the spot Get her all wet and hot, and then it stopped Frustration, soon after that She broke up with me like boom it's a wrap She said that we were moving too fast No seducing the ass, she needed room to relax But hold up now, I don't understand All I really wanted was to be your lover man We can wait, no pressure, I'll be patient She said stop calling me, I'm taking a vacation So there it was decorated with the wordplay I'm at school and I'm tryna hide my hurt face She started seeing others but it got worse, wait She let my homeboy hit it on the first date Oooh! Sorry dude Makes me wanna sing, I wanna sing, c'mon {Repeat - 4X} I don't miss you, but I remember you You taught a lesson and for that I give you gratitude I'm such a mess with love and sex But I don't fuck around with my best friend's ex, nah The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Atmosphere Album: To All My Friends, Blood Makes the Blade Holy: The Atmosphere EPs Song: Freefallin' Typed by: newos_crib_is@hotmail.com [Chorus: 2X] Freefallin', when you're shook from the pack Keep walking, lift a foot, leave a track We often got to look for the path These problems are the good ones to have [Slug] Nobody want to struggle at home Bass in his voice, trouble in her tone What kind of couple makes a puzzle out of stone? Chopping and popping all of the bubbles that are blown Nobody want to be wrong And once the line gets drawn across what we disagree upon it could be the time bomb that we sleep on It's just a little one, back and forth like a ping pong Nobody wants an argument You try to bargain as a friend but it's hard to with a star offence against a smart defence And the history you share is full of scars and dents Nobody likes breaking up When you hate the situation but you crave the touch You might stay in the relationship for the simple sake of it because you know it's based in love [Chorus: 2X] [Slug] Nobody want to go to work for some older jerk that doesn't know the dirt that's embedded in the hearts of those that hurt Monday through Friday, and Saturdays for bonus perks Nobody but friends to beast Just to make ends meet and try to pay rent and eat Spread sheets by the end of the week He'd rather spread them sheets than try to get some sleep Nobody want to lift a crate That ain't living great, you want a kid and play You should dip, escape, no two week notification Show up late and quit today Nobody wants an awful boss that got you popping out the top of your mouth as if it's common talk You ought to wait until you off the clock and appreciate that fact that you've got a job [Chorus: 2X] [Slug] But somebody want that life you got They think your boyfriend's nice or your wife is hot They on your block looking at that home you bought They'd move in today if that door wasn't locked Nowadays you ought to watch your spot Even with all the flaws of that boss you mock You could still close your eyes and toss a rock I bet you'd hit someone that'd love to cop your job That's what I thought, of course you don't stop You won't take the shot, you can't afford the loss If you don't want to taste the sauce then put the plate down and take a walk Drop, or move away from the pot cause every time you talk you complain a lot Don't forget to count the balls y'all caught Enjoy what you got before it all falls off [Chorus: 2X] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Atmosphere Album: To All My Friends, Blood Makes the Blade Holy: The Atmosphere EPs Song: To All My Friends Typed by: newos_crib_is@hotmail.com [Slug] Yeah, I saw the sign in the window, for the job Yeah I got a high school education, but that's all Skills? You wanna know if I got some skills? Yeah I got some skills This goes out to all my friends What you gonna be when you grown up? I'm all grown up and still don't know what I mop throw up, I rock a tow-truck Long as it means that I can get old and post up I used to be a typical winner Living off the gratuity from delivering your dinner Cause as a kid, I didn't consider that I would get the opportunity to be a full-time spitter I love this occupation I got bosses across the nation Validation is an understatement and I don't really know how to take a vacation My kind don't have any free time I'm so distracted, but everything's fine I speak shine and I read signs Appreciate your opinion but this dream's mine It's all love, we're cool But you don't tell a cowboy what to do I was the ugly kid that didn't listen Little big man full of ambition Based on imagination, just like you Daydreaming, thinking bout the things I might do I used to paint, draw and illustrate Mom would facilitate and it would feel okay Seems like yesterday still plays a part When I grow up, I wanted a job making art Picture that, how many years old? Young enough to mix up love with career goals But I was just this tall when they told me that the world was mine, but the papers weren't signed There's no deed, so proceed to go seed up the whole piece like it owes me groceries Don't breathe until you formally know me Won't leave? Better call authorities It's all love, we're cool But you don't tell an astronaut what to do The turntables stole my heart Burnt the paintbrush, broke it apart I miss it, I might revisit But I wasn't that good, I admit it, maybe you can't tell But as a kid, I wanted to be Melle Mel And later as a teenager I wanted to be LL Then I discovered weed and I wanted to be Del But thank God eventually I found myself It's funny when I bump into fools I used to go to school with, and they ask what I'm doing Half of the time I want to crack a lie But fuck it, I'm still a wannabe rapper guy Hahaha, yeah I guess that it seems that way I get to see the world, and it's decent pay As long as somebody want to see us play I wake up every morning and I seize the day It's all love, we're cool But you don't tell the president what to do It's like that y'all, it's like this y'all I don't get to call in sick y'all The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Atmosphere Album: The Family Sign Song: My Key Typed by: newos_crib_is@hotmail.com [Slug] I've got perfect, misinterpret handful of my family tree Dress rehearsal, death and birth will sing inside my key I watched the sun set, I saw the snow fall I stole paint to write your name on the stone wall We made some babies, we made some messes too Trying to do our best to push all of the blessings through Half life gets spent behind a wheel trying to claim innocent while I assemble my appeal The blood and bones are pure as the tears You could skip a stone and hit a full jury of my peers But don't judge yet, just let the love get you wound up enough to beat the sound off the drum set And point your voice at the void Rejoice, make noise like you had the choice It goes, overflow, how much more can you hold and still put faith first at the fork in the road? Search for the universal remote control while the words spill out of the hole in your soul ... Now close your ears and crack a smile if you know me while I spit into the sky cause I miss the little homie Guess that it means if my people hurt somebody Please disturb my peaceful smirk Take everything that I bring with me Make who I be now, you're my family now The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Atmosphere Album: The Family Sign Song: The Last to Say Typed by: newos_crib_is@hotmail.com [Slug] As far back as he cares to remember he used to see his old man lose the temper And momma's pretty face would catch it all On regular basis the nest would fall But he was always safe from dad's rage cause momma sacrificed in his place Two-dozen years of the blood, sweat, tears Avoid the mirror, losing her hair from the fear She never left him, she stayed inside He beat her ass up until the day that he died In fact, the biggest beating was the day that he died cause now it's too late for her to make a new life She gets to mourn for the touch of a punch Won't ever admit that she ain't clutching at much Someday she'll die, it still won't be done The anger lives on through their son cause he saw, he caught it all A childhood of watching Ma and Pa get raw It's too bad for him, nah that's half the truth cause you back with him now and he's smacking you What happened to you? You don't have a clue Did your momma used to suffer accidents too? I never knew that you would stand for abuse I guess I just assumed that you would pack up and move Think about when you left him last time Said out loud you'd never forgive past crime Sunglasses so dark Scarf around the neck to cover the choke marks And since you gotta justify returning You convinced yourself he's just a hurt person You wanna blame that cross he bears But his pop's not there when he tosses you down stairs Let me be the last to say Please don't stay Let me be the last to say You won't be ok Please put your shoes on and step into that warm weather Go get yourself a more better forever Gotta put it down, you gotta leave it and don't ever come back again, you gotta mean it Just tear it all apart and build new cause if you don't kill him he's gonna kill you You can't hold hands when they make fists and I ain't the first to say this But let me be the last to say Please don't stay Let me be the last to say You won't be ok Let me be the last to say Please don't stay The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Atmosphere Album: The Family Sign Song: Became Typed by: funnyman_27@hotmail.com It's no surprise, I overslept Put my boots on, and climbed out my tent I didn't see you, assumed you were sleeping Immediately start a fire, 'cause it's freezing I can't believe you went camping in the cold I'm in the wilderness standing in some snow A late start, but we can still catch up You need to wake up, we should eat and then pack up It's when I noticed your footprints The snow's fresh and those has been put since What? You already up making the rounds? So where you at now, you laid back down? The breeze came and ?stalled? out the frame While I went to your tent and called out your name You didn't answer, so I opened up the flap It was just an empty sleeping bag and your backpack I'm looking at your tracks and you took a couple of laps Round the camp ground and hoofed down the path I think that you'll return, no concern I'ma hold put and try to make this cold wood burn The wind is blowin' strong and it's rollin' on What's going on? At least a half an hour you've been gone It ain't right, start the paranoia I left the camp site to go search for ya I read the trail your feet made Each step was deliberately placed It looks like you know where it leads But I see nothin' but leafless, frozen trees About a quarter mile into the course And another set of tracks appeared next to yours From the north, it came out of the thick woods And those footprints belonged to a big wolf Tried to find service on my cell phone I felt alright with my knife on my belt tho' I hope the wolf is intimidated by you I wondered if you even knew it was behind you Stalking ya, maybe watching ya Waitin' for the opportunity to hop on top of ya Salivatin' want to take ya to the stomach In the cartoons you would have turned into a drum stick And it gets about as bad as it goes 'Cause I notice there's a new set of tracks in the snow I understood, it doesn't look good Your fan-club doubled and now you got another wolf And the odds are in favour of the home team Why did you walk off all alone, where're you going? It ain't the right time to complain, but It feels like I'm trying to find your remains Your footprints grew further apart I knew what that meant and it was hurting my heart And then you started to run, so I did the same Now my breath's looking like a steam engine train And suddenly your tracks skip off of the path And so did theirs, so my knife I grabbed Into the forest, expect the worst Adrenaline burst disturb the nerves 50 yards in to the woods and ?brush? It got so thick that it looked like dusk The air stood sereen, sober Seemed like a good fifteen degrees colder And I'll admit, hell yeah I felt fear The sound of my heartbeat was all I could hear Lookin' at the snow, it was plain and clear There was a third set of wolf prints where yours disappeared I can't process, I don't follow It'd be easier to believe that you was swallowed But no sign of death, no sign of struggle No signs of blood, no signs of trouble And the wolves never stopped, the tracks kept going And I took off So I don't know how your story ends But I know I'll never go into those woods again It's not that tragic, it's not a shame You're not the hunted, you're not the aim You're just another dog with hunger pains I was so afraid that you'd become the game I forgot to worry about what you became You're not the hunted, you're not the aim You're just another dog with hunger pains I was so afraid that you'd become the game It's not that tragic, it's not a shame You're not the hunted, you're not the aim You're just another dog with hunger pains I was so afraid that you'd become the game I forgot to worry about what you became The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Atmosphere Album: The Family Sign Song: Just For Show Typed by: gosthwriter So what you saying, I hear complaing I could repeat every statement you made verbatim I treated you better back in the day and Now you feeling like I'm changing, like I'm not the same man I used to force your heart rate to run a race And now it's safe to say that it's running out of patience  Frustration, you want some separation? You want no placement within this mess I'm making? I'm painfully aware of my mistakes  And maybe you should break an escape from the situation Or take a little taste of the blame  Then instead you still full of hate telling me get out your face, yeah You don't really want, you don't really want me You don't really want, you don't really want me to go No you don't, that's just for show You don't really want, you don't really want me You don't really want, you don't really want me to go No you don't, that's just for show Now you wanna threaten me, is that what you're telling me? Like if i don't step it up, what you gonna step from me? Where you gonna go? You next to me steadily At this point it's like I'm joined with your chemistry Guess that it just wasn't meant to be our destiny It's upsetting, see, I gave you the best of me All my friends are like just let her leave, huh So go ahead and pretend that I set you free, what? You don't really want, you don't really want me You don't really want, you don't really want me to go No you don't, that's just for show You don't really want, you don't really want me You don't really want, you don't really want me to go No you don't, that's just for show Alright already, now you make this headache pound I ain't trying to mess around, you ain't allowed to get me down It's no sweat at all na I won't stress about  Anything projected out of your passive agressive mouth Let it out, if we walking on a separate ground  Go ahead and step off with all of those brand new friends you found Hit the town, you'll be back for a second round  If you was gonna leave me you would have already left me now The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Atmosphere Album: The Family Sign Song: She's Enough Typed by: newos_crib_is@hotmail.com If she want it, I'm gonna give it up If she running low, I'm gonna fill her cup If it spill, chill, I'ma clean it up I'll be right here cause she's enough If she needed the money, I would stick you up If she getting bored, I'd do some different stuff Don't need anything, just keep it up I'll be right here cause she's enough [Slug] She wanna do the damn thang and I'm on her side She open up the wings and she gonna fly She got no time for the fuss and fight She does it right, she loves her life She the one that put the kick in the drums She the hot stovetop when the winter comes She hits the run, she can lift a tonne She gon' stick to the job and get it done She hop out and push if the motor's dead She gotta keep it moving with no regret She's up in my head never overstep She let me know when it's time for us to go to bed She's my lady, case closed She want a baby, so I gave her one of those Belly getting big, look at the tits grow She want a song, so I wrote one and it goes [Slug] She the one that you want to grow old with She gotta touch it, she wanna hold it She gets focussed, she got the dopest kiss She don't need you to tell her, already knows it is She makes me laugh till I'm on that floor She don't ask why I adore She like to travel, so we explore She seen everything, wanna see some more She the opposite of selfish She love house pets, she wanna help kids She pulled me out my shell Fit tight like a belt, now the suckers get jealous Believe it don't get sweeter She gon' make me sweat like fever She wanna eat so we went to Dominguez She want a ring, got me measuring the fingers [Slug] Got me here What you do now is up to you now Got me here What you do now is up to you Got me here What you do now is up to you now Got me here What you do now is up to you The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Atmosphere Album: The Family Sign Song: Bad Bad Daddy Typed by: newos_crib_is@hotmail.com [Slug] You can find me over there at the bar You ain't even gotta ask, I don't know where they are I'm a bad bad daddy I'm a bad bad daddy, and I'm nasty And I still ain't calling it quits But Sean, what the fuck's wrong with all of your kids? I'm a bad bad daddy I'm a bad bad daddy Sitting at the bar just minding my biz I came down with all nine of my kids And they've all got an attitude Mad cause I said we can't go to the zoo It's not a lie, but daddy's too high If I drive I would probably catch a D.U.I. Here, play with this pitcher of beer Sit in these chairs and don't disappear Everybody on your best behavior Tip the waitress, respect your neighbors I'll be watching, you know what not to do Don't make me walk over here just to talk to you I gave them all some money So they could play pinball and put grub in they tummies Now I'ma go get bombed and you better not tell your mom And like clockwork, soon as I stepped away You know they got worse, they didn't hesitate Of course they start with horseplay and then it escalates, then you get a court case Little Sluggos, thugs and cutthroats Big trouble, cigarettes puff those Smash bottles on the floor and writing graffiti, fighting with the door man Playing with switchblades and matches Pick-pocketing the cash and the plastic Getting high out back by the trash cans Trying to get the waitress to give a lapdance I can't control 'em So I'ma pretend I don't know 'em Now let me celebrate and get drunk cause my wife missed her period again this month You can find me over there at the bar You ain't even gotta ask, I don't know where they are I'm a bad bad daddy I'm a bad bad daddy, and I'm nasty And I still ain't calling it quits But Sean, what the fuck's wrong with all of your kids? I'm a bad bad daddy I'm a bad bad daddy, somebody slap me You are listening to the amazing The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Atmosphere Album: The Family Sign Song: Millennium Dodo Typed by: newos_crib_is@hotmail.com [Slug] I only act like an asshole Why don't y'all stand back, let the man grow? I can't tell what town this is But I know that bill was a counterfeit Hey bartender, bump a top jar I gotta think about where to dump this cop's car I'm too slick, so fuck your bullshit I'm cooling in the corner with my custom pool stick My grand-dad must have played the jazz When I bleed you hear my heartbeat snap All around the world, it's the same bar Wishing that the jukebox had some Gang Starr State to state, I chase fate But my stereo ate all my favorite tapes So baby doll you better straighten up the attitude or you ain't gon' make it with me all the way to Baton Rouge Call her mama, she make the milk pour on ninety-four, too high to read the billboard Got a room at the best Western The guy at the front desk look like Les Nessman Hush now, not a sound Shut the door and lay a towel down Y'all run around to figure out what it's all about while I try to find a cure for this cottonmouth I keep track of the miles I run But read the flask that say Southside Son Took a sip through the hole of my ski mask Roll till we get to the burbs for the cheap gas Speed past, millennium dodo I got my own lane, I don't wait for the popo So order up another plate of oysters You talk so much, you making my voice hurt Dental floss inside of the glove box Radio locked onto classic rock With the mirrorball, escape from New York style Double parked outside of the courthouse The windchill got a big old butt My breath fog all the windows up Take a break from the rotten grapevines Fill the tank and then spank the state lines Never make this mountain move Nah, you're bound to lose But I knew that I could count on you Next round's on you (is that you?) Wash my sins off in the rain Caught this fish now light that flame I only claim what's in my veins That's my crown and that's my name Gotta wait till they slash the price 'fore you catch a life But we can spend half the night with the dashboard light (is that right?) I'm just saying, if it's all a game you can hang your pain in the hall of fame Don't make me explain That's my crown and that's my name The pick pockets call me Ali Baba I'm here to sell you some magic water You might know me as Jacob and Malcolm's father Rest in peace Eyedea and Sally Slaughter It's like that y'all (it's all right maybe) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Atmosphere Album: The Family Sign Song: Who I'll Never Be Typed by: newos_crib_is@hotmail.com [Slug] She locked herself in that room with a full view of a full moon And this where she come to fly when she wanna disappear from what's outside I try not to make it obvious She doesn't know there's an audience These walls are ribbon-thin So it ain't my fault that I'm listening And I can make out every word cause she sing loud like a trapped bird She looks out at the stars when she writes songs on that guitar And every song you write without me Just another sad song to me And every song you write without me sound like who I'll never be [Slug] She picked up her instrument and I don't know where I went I just close my eyes and float like I'm in there with her trying to hold all the notes she hits, motionless My secret solo show she gives Sometimes she'll search for a line and I wish I could give her one of mine But it would all unravel if she found out I was in the shadow So I suppress what I obsess But your biggest fan wanna sing a duet [Slug] Familiar with the voice of the lonely Lost in the noise of the wind blowing Go ahead girl, tell your story But the siren don't wail for holy Play your heart by strings with the parts you sing Can't wait to hear what tomorrow brings And if you ever get to smile I'll be right here trying to reconcile my desire to admire your sadness You gon' rise from the fire and ashes And if it's all the same to you You ought to let me be the one to help change your tune The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Atmosphere Album: The Family Sign Song: I Don't Need Brighter Days Typed by: newos_crib_is@hotmail.com [Slug] I don't need brighter days I just need some faith You got me walking away now You got me walking away You got me walking away now You got me walking away It was the year of the witch Nobody steer clear of the ditch They say brave when you don't flinch But we never saw the blade, never had the chance to cringe Don't ever forget to put misery on the guest list Sipping on a memory for breakfast Middle of the party, all alone You wanna dig up bones but your claws ain't grown Put your half-empty glass on the coaster Step backwards slow Got a sky full of bats circling over the crowd Your eyes go black when you open your mouth I'm like, walking on the frozen rain Wanna claim a block that's got no complaints But I'm dying in a city called look at me now Little piggie wanna cook up the cow I'm like, might as well knock down them walls When the earthquakes follow you for all your faults Let the facade fall dead in the fog While the voices that are inside of your head applaud I'm like, everyone got a course to fly Run towards horizon, aim for the sky So high sleeping under the stars You outgrew the sum of your parts I used to run wild like a child of thieves Now I breathe quiet in a pile of leaves With a space heater on the back of my porch for when I take a break from attacking your fort You said that you want it But you can't see the center of the web because you're standing on it Don't wait to escape from the ways you escape Just throw your hands up and say You got me walking away now You got me walking away You got me walking away now You got me walking away The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Atmosphere Album: The Family Sign Song: Ain't Nobody Typed by: newos_crib_is@hotmail.com [Slug] Spoke up, hold up, I'm on that grown up stuff I'll be the butt of your joke cause I can hold my cup You jumped in that tub, you're trying to soak it up You chose to go and get stuck, I'm not your gold rush Yeah I showed up, was hoping to post up Every few moments you move more close up I notice the donuts, I'm open to no such like it's my obligation to show love, you know what? Yeah you know what Yeah I came to party But I don't wanna party with you You know I ain't nobody Yeah I came to party But I don't wanna party with you [Slug] Uh huh, that's when it became apparent that you're accustomed to the ways of embarrassment Uh huh, I want no place in your experiment But if I walk away you'll blame it on my arrogance Let's make this clear, I'm not your therapist There is no interest in hearing about your carelessness I'd rather disappear like a spirit, just lift into the air, carry me away from where this is I'm not hearing it [Slug] Looking around for a cause to get lost to The drop off's too deep to try to cross through There's no crown for the fisherman that caught you So this the sound of me whistling the wrong tune It's gotta be obvious, I'm not who you should talk to You ought to probably just walk, no one will stop you Fly to the washroom, try to fix your costume Yeah I'm with somebody and I promise that she's not you Thought you knew [Slug] Now you go away, far away Now you go away, far away The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Atmosphere Album: The Family Sign Song: Your Name Here Typed by: newos_crib_is@hotmail.com [Slug] Hey, how you doing? Ain't seen you in a long time Is everything all fine? Doing your best? I'm glad to hear it It's all progress, yeah that's the spirit Look at you, you look great It seems like you kept yourself in good shape You stopped drinking? Huh, congratulations You back in school too? That's fascinating So what you doing nowadays? You living here again or just visiting for the holidays? Yeah, yeah, how's your family? How's your mommy and daddy? They living happily? So tell me all about L.A. Huh? You don't live in L.A.? Hold up, wait, wait, wait Chicago, how's Chicago? What? No? Well where are you living then? Ohhhhh My fault, please forgive me Bad memory, so how's the big city? You paying dues? You making moves? Yeah I always knew someday you'd break through You forever been a go-getter and I won't forget that, bet that I'll remember I never told you this But I wish you the best success and all that other shit But that's my cue, I've got stuff to do It was a special surprise to bump into you Stay safe, you have yourself a great day Wait, what was that? What you say? A phone number? Nah, I don't think so I only gave it to a handful of close people Let's not make this into an issue But the truth is, I don't miss you La la la la la, I will disappear La la la la la, no far and no near La la la la la, you are not my dear I don't care where you go from here La la la la la, I will disappear La la la la la, no far and no near La la la la la, you are not my dear There's no tears next to your name here The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Atmosphere Album: The Family Sign Song: If You Can Save Me Now Typed by: newos_crib_is@hotmail.com [Slug] If you can save me now Let's go somewhere safe and sound I'll try not to weigh you down But I don't know if I can wait around If you can save me now Let's go somewhere safe and sound It happened fast like a camera flash The accident, then the aftermath I'm not even sure what caused the crash If I had the strength, I would probably laugh I'm so relaxed, warm like blood Laying on my back in the sun-dried mud There's no point in even trying to get up I got my eyes glued to the blue sky above And it's been a beautiful summer It reminds me of when I was younger Used to count down to the sound of thunder I smell fresh cut grass with the burnt rubber And I don't need to take a glance to know cause I can hear the traffic as it passes slow They on the other side of the window Checking out the damage, looking at the show I can hear the sirens get near Mama used to tell us to plug our ears It gets so loud and clear until every other noise disappears And right now I'm trying to block it out by imagining the sounds that come out your mouth I saw two birds fly south and I thought about the day we bought that house Memories seem so real Just like everything that I feel Tried to coast on all five wheels I wanna cry, I keep the tears concealed I hear voices, footsteps A cop's radio off to the left The noise made me reflect Somewhere along the way I must have caught my breath Drifting, dreaming and then I heard somebody screaming But I don't even wanna know the reason So I kept my focus on the view I'm seeing Started thinking bout the ones that's gone Everybody from the past that passed on You play your cards, had to stand strong But it ain't that hard to sing a sad song We've all got scars and broken parts But most of the marks stay close to my heart Waiting for the downpour to start The rainclouds over my head got dark And then I saw my angel cut through the storm She was in a firefighter uniform I closed my eyes so I could see some more and for the first time ever I remember being born If you can save me now Let's go somewhere safe and sound I'll try not to weigh you down But I don't know if I can wait around, I say If you can save me now Let's go somewhere safe and sound I'll try not to weigh you down But I don't know if I can wait around, I say But I don't know if I can wait around, I say I'll try not to weigh you down But I don't know if I can wait around, I say If you can save me now The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Atmosphere Album: The Family Sign Song: Something So Typed by: funnyman_27@hotmail.com They tell me that, I'm not qualified To lend my voice To something so beautiful [Verse 1] Late night, awake with the stars Stage fright, you came so far No more wait, it's time to depart See it on my face, feel it in my heart Suitcase packed, put it in the car Took one last look at the yard Snow's gone, it's never growing back Rolled on with the windows cracked No sound, just the breath of the draft Slow down, don't wreck, don't crash On a road vacant, no one to pass But I'm so anxious, won't relax Clear the path, these tears I have Are 'cause I can't wait to hear you laugh 2x [Chorus]  They tell me that, I'm not qualified To lend my voice To something so beautiful [Verse 2] We only get to live one time But twice my life stood in some sunshine I could lose eyesight, I could end up blind But I drew my design inside the bloodline Years go by, memories combined But y'all the only reason I would even rewind Thank you for the branch you grew on this tree Your first breath wasn't easy to find So you signify the mountain you climbed By letting out a warrior's cry And it sounded like mine Now everybody hold up the family sign! They tell me that, I'm not qualified To lend my voice To something so beautiful The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Atmosphere Album: The Family Sign Song: My Notes Typed by: newos_crib_is@hotmail.com [Slug] As long as I can hit my notes I saw the sunrise, then the green grew Even through the concrete cracks that we cling to As long as I can hit my notes I'ma try to keep up with my folks I smelled rain that brought the flash flood with a river of permanent teardrops and rap hugs Bad luck play with effortless So I backed away from the quick benefits Shed skin of those that spit venomous Yeah that's him, he the one that tips generous Still trying to define my description of life with a little spare time for living But even if I want to hold the position I gotta go like daddy don't know any different I saw the noon sky, look at the snow melt I left most of my baggage up in a hotel As long as I can hit my notes I'ma travel down that gravel road I heard a bird cry, it was pathetic Man if you can fly, spread feathers like a message As long as I can hit my notes I'ma stand top of this box of soap I felt the track slip but didn't pull breaks I'm half-dead but already got a full plate As long as I can hit my notes The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Atmosphere Album: The Family Sign Song: Millennium Dodo 2 * Typed by: newos_crib_is@hotmail.com * iTunes bonus track 1 [Slug] Never run of the mill when I shoot the pill I'm a son of a spill, I've got boots to fill Showed up with a deuce-deuce of swill and a guardian angel on my Coupe de Ville Shark in the lake, heart strike the drum Mark landscape with a dart-like tongue Spit my blood from deep in the gut Smoking cigarette butts with my fingerless gloves Pull over at the welcome sign and raise a toast to those that fell behind Everybody else got a crippled spine from tryna take it back to a simple time Keep a little pine tree, hang from my rearview Beats turned up just enough not to hear you Gonna swim till the fins get torn I shall return, keep the engine warm Millennium Dodo Pull out your telephone and take you a photo You didn't know? Better read the logo You don't wanna play around and get ocho Recline like I don't care The world is mine and I ain't gon' share Now everybody blow smoke in the air I keep my eyes on the road, but I know that you stare [Slug] Now I was at the party sleeping on the couch when I decided to grab a bottle of something and bounce I'd rather be by myself than have to navigate another fake cry for help On the beaten path with a bandaged fist to represent the last half of the damn I give Play me in slow-mo', fly like a blimp Millennium Dodo, drive with a limp Windows down, heater blasting Got my coffee but I need some aspirin  Watch me merge into speeding traffic with the truck-stop plastic, cheap sunglasses Show respect You broke down on the side of the road, wanna choke my neck I've got a glovebox full of stolen checks and I drink moonshine that the chrome reflects [Slug] Flannel, look like a farmer Underneath camo, look like a hunter With that ski mask, look like a robber Sleeping in the barn with the doctor's daughter Got stories to wax, pour me a glass I run with the ghosts of warriors past South side, call it pop life Y'all catch frostbite waiting at a stoplight All over the map we get festive It's a matter of class You can tell by my lack of attractive skeptics You just mad at my moustache Hey girl, we'll always have Memphis But right now, I want breakfast With the pedal to the metal till we hit West Texas then cross to Mexico to see my dentist The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Atmosphere Album: The Family Sign Song: Cut You Down * Typed by: newos_crib_is@hotmail.com * iTunes bonus track 2 [Slug] My old lady say I'm paranoid She thinks that I'm not on point cause I pace around with no purpose Observant, peek out the curtains I don't recognize that car So why's it parked right in front of my yard? It's been there for the last few minutes It seems too suspicious It's gon' be another long night So set the alarm and the motion lights Protect my house That fence ain't enough to keep the riffraff out Somebody gon' test I'm breaking out in a sweat It make the hair on my arms all stand up tall If it's a private number I don't answer the call I'm simple, I want some peace from all the criminals, thugs and thieves And I ain't tryna involve police cause I don't trust any government employees I believe everybody's a threat You better take it down to the next doorstep But if you wan' doubt and pop some I'm sleeping on my couch with a loaded shotgun And if you wan' fuck around I'm gon' cut you down And if you wan' fuck around I'm gon' cut you down And if you wan' fuck around [Slug] Shhh, I hear a helicopter I swear it's out there Calm down, don't make the wrong move cause I don't know who that van belongs to I'm checking over both my shoulders I bet they got my name in they folders I'm trying to stay inside cause it's the only way to hide from the satellites in the sky Get off my property Why you stalking me? And those guys from across the street better keep they eyes off my wife piece None of y'all are watching birds So who's in the alley with binoculars? Got more detour to steer through for the sedan in my rearview I crouch on the floor cause knocking on my door is an act of war And if the guy from the bank wanna come see me, he better drive a tank I ain't nuts yet, I'm just upset cause y'all treat me like a suspect I'm innocent, give me personal space before I flip the switch and turn up the bass The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Murs & Slug Album: 20 Answers 12"/ myspace.com/mursandslug Song: 20 Answers Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com  [voice announcer] You asked for it, you got it And this is ("FELT") Volume 2 ("Murs, Slug is a group, but Felt is the fabric") [Slug] Ay Murs, why you always look mad at at life? [Murs] First, fuck you for askin, 'cause you know that ain't right I just refused to be plastic for these rappers I don't like [Slug] Well how do you manage to stay so polite? [Murs] Anger management technique, developed out of spite Rather kill you with kindness than kill you in a fight [Slug] So why you wanna punch these other rappers in their face? [Murs] 'Cause they fake as fuck, and a waste of space Besides, fist not guns, that's a change of pace [Slug] So who are you to judge who's true these days? [Murs] I been around the block, got a few dudes paid One of the few rappers left that'll do what I say [Slug] So is it Def Jux or the Living Legends that you're reppin? [Murs] Man, I'm all about good music, people and progression I got friends in differnet sectionsm but the West is where I'm restin [Slug] Do you really think GRACE is the reason you ain't sellin? [Murs] Whatchu tryna piss me off and put a end to this section? Man, you've heard this is for - c'mon, next question [Slug] Aight, what was it like working with Humpty Hump? [Murs] One helluva artist, but a fuckin drunk Though we did get the video crackin, I won't front [Slug] You had a bunch of porn stars there, anything jumped? [Murs] Yeah, up into my lap for some head just once And I coulda got some pussy, but I was too fucked-up [Slug] Hahaha, after the first "Felt", did you meet Christina? [Murs] No, she never said thanks, my black ass never seen her THat's why I moved on to my Nubian queen, heh [Slug] So what's the definition of the "3:16", huh? [Murs] It's my birthday, fool - 3-16 Plus the formula for the every rap song that you sing [Murs] Ay Slug, why you only make songs about women? [Slug] Priorities, man - nah, I'm kiddin I'm tryna build heaven while the world's still spinnin [Murs] How big did you guess it would get in the beginning? [Slug] This is STILL the beginning, still unraveling ribbon The mission is to travel for as FAR as the vision [Murs] Well how long so you think this success will last? [Slug] Man, for all I know, that shit already passed! It's impossible to answer that question asked [Murs] Then why Rhymesayers make a deal with Epitaph? [Slug] We DIDN'T, you dumbass! Go read the math Me and Ant did ONE record, for beats and laughs [Murs] Anyways Sean, whatever happened to Spawn? [Slug] Well things felt wrong, so we both had to move on No love gone, everyday holds a new dawn [Murs] Business and friendship - where's the line drawn? [Slug] Families and friends may get PAST the front lawn Business is done by the end of the last song [Murs] Is it the caffeine, the nicotine, the milliograms, the tar? [Slug] NO - it's Selena, it's Christina, it's Serena in my car It's a thick line between being a genius and a star [Murs] Are you rapping, acting, or kittin the guitar? [Slug] Man, fuck that shit! I'm just sittin at the bar Writin these hits about self-inflected scars [Murs] Are you in love with this game, completely and truly? [Slug] From the music to the voice to the stage to the groupies I'm the same as was back when NOBODY knew me [Murs] Alright, who, is, Lucy? [Slug] HUH - She's the extra that gets to play the devil in my movie She's around UP-town sippin a beer smoothie {both burst out laughing} YEAAAAH, HAHHHHH-HAHAHA (We did it again!) WE DID IT AGAIN! (TAKE THAT! Hahaha, another album! Hahaha, THE JOKE'S ON YOU, JACK!! {intro to "Early Mornin' Tony" plays} ["Volume 2" repeats throught intensifying and decreasing occasionally] Da-da-da-dah-dah-da-da-dah-da-da Da-da-da-dah-dah-da-da-dah-da Da-da-da-dah-dah-da-da-dah-da-da Da-da-da-dah-dah-da-da-dah-da Da-da-da-dah-dah-da-da-dah-da-da Da-da-da-dah-dah-da-da-dah-da Da-da-da-dah-dah-da-da-dah-da-da Da-da-da-dah-dah-da-da-dah-da Da-da-da-dah-dah-da-da-dah-da-da Da-da-da-dah-dah-da-da-dah-da Da-da-da-dah-dah-da-da-dah-da-da Da-da-da-dah-dah-da-da-dah-da Da-da-da-dah-dah-da-da-dah-da-da Da-da-da-dah-dah-da-da-dah-da Da-da-da-dah-dah-da-da-dah-da-da Da-da-da-dah-dah-da-da-dah-da Da-da-da-dah-dah-da-da-dah-da-da Da-da-da-dah-dah-da-da-dah-da Da-da-da-dah-dah-da-da-dah-da-da Da-da-da-dah-dah-da-da-dah-da ("FELT") The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Atmosphere Album: Godlovesugly/ Flesh (Remix)/ Bleed Slow' (12" Vinyl Single) Song: Bleed Slow Typed by: rahmadi9@hotmail.com [Slug] I think her pony-tails are a little too tight Because she's alone walking with me in this moon-light Tonight she fits in my palm The storm isn't anywhere close to calm Look I've gone and captured the mortal Put my face to hers clutched her by the torso And when the lips touched I inhaled Didn't matter that she hadn't been kissed much It's such a shame some have a name And everyone becomes the same Can't help but adore each one he's torn From the pores of the face of the earth's core This is ones more difficult than the last one This one had an open window she could ask him If someday he'll be the one to come and save her Take her away before she takes her away Take her away to where she didn't need to go Life fast, bleed slow Will he ever know the power of speak Wouldn't be what it was if the prey wasn't weak Take a peak into the way I seek The water for the creek The daughter of the speak Slaughter of the meak The Godly technique The monster march is to a different beat She don't love herself no more Won't be nobody elses whore No one like him spoke before Now he's gonna take her to see the seashore There you can stare at the waves Be brave, take your place Your safe slowly He traces her face with an index fingertip full of hate Love 'em and leave 'em Love'em or they leave you Some see the glow but some glow is see through As life leaves her body he screams me too All he ever wanted was to teach you to reach you Death is the cousin of sleep Just close your eyes count sheep and breathe deep Think about the sound of relief that surrounds you You were already gone before I found you [Chorus] X4 Live fast, bleed slow Live fast, bleed slow The power of speak The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Atmosphere Album: Fat Beats Compilation Volume 2 Song: My Songs Typed by: JonGardner187@hotmail.com [Random guy singing] Throw your hands up in the air And wave like you just don't care Say, you deserve a break today Oh yeah, work that body, work that body Make sure you don't hurt nobody Fuzzy wuzzy was a bear, Fuzzy wuzzy had no hear Fuzzy wuzzy wasn't fuzzy, was he? I like the party rock the body You like the party want somebody I sang too, listen to the song.. [Verse 1: Slug] Sittin' on the steps, with ANT, that's my man Flippin' pig-russian, discussin' politics and contraband Karma cut me clean as if I asked for it Seven travels offered states with a case and fake passport I want to shelter everybody from the snakes And my sleeves know a couple of tricks for huntin' breaks (Ten thousand lakes) Multiple choice of where to drown So I quote the horse, it goes What floats is what's found" Gettin down like they did in the 7-2 With the red and blue, had the opportune to bless you Before you knew about a phone bill Before you had to hold still Before the Kool-Aid got diluted with Golden Seal I used to ride around this town on a dirtbike Child touched stillato, wild stages just to earn strikes Read my lips, act like you heard right And keep an eye on your chickI work my rubber like a turnpike It ain't nothin' for me to come swing from your tree I wear the love like a ring and I sing until it's free What? You bringin the weed? We break a measure And let the hook ride just to tie it all together Whatever.. [Chorus: Slug] My life ain't as cool as your life And more than likely I'll be stabbed in my sleep by your wife So everybody stop askin' me whats wrong And quit actin' like you don't know the words to my songs [Verse 2: Slug] And when the party starts, I'm in the corner actin' smart Spittin' game at your girl, just to take your world apart I hang with the secrets and the cats that paint pictures While you sleepin on life and writin the same scriptures (What you gonna take witcha?) I take it all but the fall And when I'm sittin still you can blame the Benadryl and alcohol As far as the stars are above the boulevard I keep my feet on the tar, with the heat in the car Keep the beats in a jar, wait for the time to unleash And when it comes everybody only gets one a piece You better learn the words before you try to quote 'em I'm sittin' on mixed nuts, who wants to hold 'em? [Chorus: Slug] My life ain't as cool as your life And more than likely, I'll be stabbed in my sleep by your wife So everybody stop askin' me whats wrong And quit actin' like you don't know the words to my songs [Verse 3: Slug] Now let me get a collective amen (amen) I put tame on the monsters the moment that I came in I talk to the voices-- that speak through my headphones Communicate the life while I just cipher all the info I got styles I ain't even heard yet.. Words like rain and game, that left the earth wet Let it drip-dry, focus eyes on the catalysts Standin' high in the middle of SOUTH MINNEAPOLIS They try to figure it out, they try to break it down But they're distracted by every accent that's makin a sound Grab it by the throat, lift it up and shake it 'round Till this whole world sees me as a naked clown And while I'm pullin on her bra, shes Tuggin on my drawstring, Screamin' and shoutin to figure out how you lost me Chewin up my cigarette and smokin' my gum Out of respect for your boyfriend, I'll use my thumb From the start to the done, I never claimed to be right I quit sleepin, now the day looks the same as the night And I'm the type of DJ that only plays what I like A handful of mixed nuts, everyone's takin a bite.. My life ain't as cool as yours (3X) [Chorus: Slug] My life ain't as cool as your life And more than likely I'll be stabbed in my sleep by your wife So everybody stop askin' me whats wrong And quit actin' like you don't know the words to me songs I'm alright, I'm just a little mixed up I'm OK, I'm just a little mixed up I'm alright, I'm just a little mixed up I'm OK, I'm just a little mixed up I'm alright, I'm just a little mixed up I'm alright, I'm just a little mixed up I'm OK, I'm just a little mixed up I'm fixed up, and I'm tryin to get my dick sucked.. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Atmosphere Album: Fifth Element Presents: Atmosphere Storybook Vol. 1 Song: Bar Food * Typed by: newos_crib_is@hotmail.com * Previously unreleased [Slug] Do you guys have veggie burgers? Yeah, can I get one of those? Can you put bacon on it for me? Once upon a time, one night next week I hit the five-eight to get a bite to eat I went inside, nobody here but a couple guys at the bar holding beers I sat down in the booth I'll take a glass of grapefruit juice Checking the selections but I didn't get further than the mushroom Swiss burger They said meat is murder, but I eat it If it wasn't illegal, I'd eat people As long as he used to walk I'll take him with a side of the tater tots I don't dine out a lot I don't spend time out in general pop And if I wasn't all alone at the spot I'd probably order it to go in a styrofoam box She brought me my sandwich It came in a plastic basket It's poison for my health So you know I'm enjoying myself But all of a sudden The bar filled up with a herd of suburban bumpkins No more personal space Wish that they would all burst into flames That's when I decided to get my revenge I quietly got up, locked the doors Went into the kitchen and popped the draws Grabbed any knife in sight Tonight everybody getting sacrificed, aight? The whole south side heard them scream Sent them to hell, felt like a dream It was a gruesome bloodbath Stabbed everyone, including the pub staff Then I sparked a grill and went to town Fried 'em all up and chowed 'em all down After the feast, peace Went home and fell asleep Now I feel guilty, so in front of all of you I'm ready to admit that I'm addicted to bar food "Mhmm, this is a tasty burger" The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Atmosphere Album: Fifth Element Presents: Atmosphere Storybook Vol. 1 Song: By Your Side * Typed by: newos_crib_is@hotmail.com * Previously unreleased [Slug] Ooh shit I like this one, yeah Shit reminds me of some old Ice-T, or something Makes me want to tell a story Y'all know I used to own a bar right? It was in El Paso, I called it "The Hard Life" If you step outside on a dark night Check it out, Juarez look like starlight You gon' think that it sound contrived But it's just like how I described July in 2005 when the Devil walked into my small little dive She came inside and sat down Whatever, we see all types in that town She kind of blended into the background The waitress went over like "What will you have now?" She asked for a whisky coke The waitress stood there looking like a ghost And then the Devil cleared her throat Lowered her voice, and this is the quote she spoke I love you, you make me high If you love me back, I'll never say goodbye I love you, ain't no lie If you love me back, we can paint the sky But we ain't gotta get into it tonight Walk away if you afraid to try But tell me what you want to do with your life cause on the day you die, I'll be by your side [Slug] Okay, I guess so Apparently my waitress is afraid of the Devil And I could tell that she felt unsettled Go take a cigarette break, get mellow The whole bar got quiet, seemed like everything went plush and dreamlike I didn't know what to think But I kept my cool while I prepared that drink Then I delivered her beverage That will be two dollars, fifty cents miss She didn't even pretend to flinch Just grabbed the glass, took it straight to her lips But I wasn't convinced It don't matter who you are, I'm running a business Fuck you, pay me, not including the tip She was looking into the distance and said this [Slug] I know they call her Lady Luck But, she still got to pay me up She tryna front over a couple of bucks She can suck the straw that broke the camel's hump I bust my ass tryna touch some cash Now I gotta come and put up with this trash? For what? So I can eat these table scraps? Get old and hope I ain't gotta pay more tax? I started making observations Looking around the room, watching faces Complaints have replaced my patience I hate my life but I'm so complacent This time gonna make some changes Made my mind up to turn these pages I pulled out the key to the place and gave the bar to the Devil, then I married the waitress [Slug] Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha You wanna be a high roller? The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Atmosphere f/ Aesop Rock, I Self Devine, Musab Album: Godlovesugly 12" VLS Song: Flesh (Remix) Typed by: jongardner187@hotmail.com * * send corrections to the typist [scratched] "Get off the mic and get off the coke!" "On the count of three" "1...2..." "one for the cuervo, two for line" "Get off the mic and get off the coke!" "Get off the coke!" [Chorus: Slug] We came here to slit your throat You came here to sniff some coke Kid don't fall like all the rest Cuts through soul and cuts through flesh [Slug] When they started to scream I thought I might, geez, singin "Everything good ain't as good as it seems" Get ripped like flesh, you got kitten's pride I'll make a mess on your set and your dress Handle my business, or handle your princess When I was younger, was no different It's all effort, taste the sweat Screamin at the earth, cause she don't hate me yet Slug HAS to give a fuck, I know better MAN, I'm just a rapper on luck Still stuck in the same mind state I grew up Still paranoid, still waitin to duck, What Tryin not to get caught in the plague Got a lot to say before your dumb ass walks away Load up one verse, let it boom Like a gunburst and left your head sun burnt [I Self Devine] Can I... run up in your settlement Should I... bring wash like the government The flow is dangerous as unguarded children Runnin the streets in a project buildin' So desensitized, got no feelings Numb to the world, 6'4, with the 5 foot ceilings The math is inaccurate, broken dialect, English ambassadors Henesey fifth to the lips and the blunt of this Weed call, great food, seutures, we feelin it I be porno whipped, house looking show ownership When we know he just a worker Makin five fifty somethin, barely controlling shit Keep frontin, I'ma hurt ya Now your face getting scraped by asphalt Off a somersault, flesh wound Bring in a bag of salt [cut sample] [Musab] Surprise y'all, come to bed My nut stains look like wet Wonderbread White and thick, I don't ever bite my lip Give a damn if you like my shit The box is full of foxes Standin topless, lickin the splotches Here kid, want to sniff some coke? Rhymesayers Entertainment, we ship the dope Your dick's short and funny like Piscopo Give it up, man, how you gonna stick the dough Pay me anyway, and you can have that tramp I can get another lady any day They gonna ban my shit like Joe Camel Come off like a sandal, spittin the flow ammo Believe it, get a pack of Whitecastle Cheesesticks And PEEP the remix [Aesop Rock] Smart for the whips, fiddle frame parchment March for the clique, Jughead motor like a mineark on the power cables Chewing through the ??? My slang letter dopeman pretty No free pony rides, no basket of kittens No Playdoh fun bags to reep for Christening Little courts rainbows, Pegasus and Wizards Just me shoving caine in the gash in your throat with the premise Middle of New York with a sack full of action Cash with the school kids toke crack with magnums Def Jukie, jet black, black lungs, black hoodie Both crushin with a musket pressed to the musk of the budget And I'm a must of the crunk shit YOU GET DOWN You don't know the meaning of dope anyhow You probably think I'm a joke by now But we got more clay and more coke then y'all [Chorus] - repeat 2X [scratch samples] "Good God!" "Oh my God" "God, God" "God Damn!" "God helped me change" - Slug of Atmosphere "Pray to God that you could be like us" - Grandmaster Flash "God damn...damn" - Run DMC "Oh my" "Lord!" "CUT!" - James Brown "God Knows!" "GOD GOD GOD" "Oh Lord" "Dear God" - Snoop Dogg "and damn it" "God Damn!" "Good Lord" [over beatbox, Girl from Atmosphere Promos] and never forget... God loves your ugly ass Don't ever fucking question that The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Atmosphere f/ Felipe Cuauhtli, Mr. Gene Poole, Prof Album: Minnesota Nice (Single) Song: Minnesota Nice Typed by: newos_crib_is@hotmail.com [Chorus: Prof] + (Slug) (I don't wanna be) I service you with a smirk (A smirk, I don't wanna be) Shoo you away like a fly (Shoo fly, I don't wanna be) You may be bad, but Im worse (I'm so worse, I don't wanna be) They call me Minnesota Nice (I don't wanna be) [Prof] Im staying fresh to death motherfucker, check the kicks Pimping 101 holmes, what the lesson is Man you're real ugly, and she's worse Who wants to volunteer to leave? Me first Smelling like a platypus, feeling like a hippo See the girls scream soon as I step out the limo And just because we share the same mic don't mean you nice either Really, any shirt can be a wife beater There go Prof flexing on 'em again Follow a couple gorgeous women and I holler 'em in Haul 'em, take 'em to the dollar store to ball with their friends She'll be calling again, you can call it a win Yeah, all I do is do it, flossing in my Buick Prof get the club buck like, ole do it I grab a couple of bars, I'm leaving with the fist-full Everybody all together now, blow the whistle [Mr. Gene Poole] It's official, I've been made aware of the ratio Now all I care about is gears and felatio The soul of a mans career on your Casio Control your battle drones and fly you off the patio Everybody wants money off the microphone So they can just call me and drop a viper on some chrome But I'm the classiest beast of the trashiest My plan is to exist in the streets of Minneapolis And I'm the catalyst of world class lyricism Be glad your chick is blasting this in her system She loves that rock-hard rhythm presentation Falling rap stars used to crash in her basement This year's the flash-dated six point five Head shots appear, we making this joint live in effect once again my man Now show some respect and shake a gentleman's hand [Felipe Cuauhtli] Ahhh, I'm like a breath of fresh air Sexy motherfucker with that long-ass hair Haha, I didn't mean to be tasteless Just thought I'd take a second to explain my greatness I'm an example of how to step your game up Aim up when I'm out hunting you lame ducks Ride through my hood entertaining your sister Bass bumping old school, solo pair of KicKers I'm tryna to tell it like it T-I-is I hope you catching on, what you know bout this? Huh, I'm so bad, like a single parent mommy with her hair all did, but her kids is looking sloppy You can't stop me, broke the breaks on the Chevy Moving fast, tryna catch the homie Sep Sevy It's getting heavy, hit the gym to get my weight up It's bigger than your block homeboy, so throw your state up [Slug] Came up the hard way and put my name up Now why would anybody wanna hate Slug? Straight up, your fake heart pumps snake blood Fuck you and the space you take up My eyes are red cause of life and death I'll put my feet up on the table where they slice the bread Boast and brag till my toe gets tagged Old man swag with a grocery bag I go one for the road, two for the encore Couple more make you feel like you holding down floor You ain't a whore cause they make money You just a bum with somebody's DNA on your tummy Ask your peers bout Atmosphere Went to hell and got a souvenir rap career Now I walk into the place with the grace of a John Deere and then your face got weird The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Atmosphere Album: Modern Man's Hustle 12" Song: Threemosphere Typed by: OnFireXx36@hotmail.com >>THREE! >>We might hurt somebody.. >>No! >>Don't do that... >>No! No! [Verse 1] No! Don't do that, they don't deserve that Look at 'em, they couldn't handle it, they nerves would collapse Bag 'em up, sift 'em up, skinny boy lick the cut No excuses needed, this ones wack, that one sucks Don't even front like you've got close to balls in size Your egos been planted, personafulsified Everybody wanna score, aiming at an all time high Shooting at the stars, tryna make 'em fall out the sky The grey matter, waverunner, screamin' thoughts of anger at the world From beneath this rock I stay under Tonight's rain and thunder, was brought to you in part by that same fuck that put the fear of the  Atmos. in your heart, now Guess what I'm standin' (where?!), over the head If you put a hand up you can fondle everything I said And if I lose my patience, somebody's losin' they limbs And getting left in this basement with the rest of these gimps Atmosphere, don't front like you cant hear (4x) [Verse 2] Go touch yo'self, and keep yo' dick from under your belt Who the fuck you think HOLDS and CONTROLS over what you felt You need way too much help, take a seat on the bench Gonna teach you how to make sense, while i make my rent If you can reach the fence, without kickin' a landmine You get a piece of my mind, and the number to my fanline No wonder your WACK, most of mankind is WACK Can't nobody read that sign that says "there aint no turnin' back" Step in the AT, you better be prepared to have a hobby to do For when we through with your career submit a copy of them papers that you think gave you the right to even come within a 100 yards of this mic But here I am, breathe deep, count to ten Keep the beat, locate the loose screws so I can pound it in It's all SPREAD love, GET love, city to city I aint mad at none a y'all, cuz can't none a y'all can fuck wit me! [Chorus] (4x) >>Keep goin on to..on on on to..MINNEAPOLIS!!! [Verse 3] I'm on the Poverty Tour, wit Jay Bird, my man Gettin' every wall sole across this desolate land Estimates and expectations, get woken and cornered Tryna strangle the stupidity, and choke its supporters From this day forward, I'll be the voice that you wait for, the one that you paid for, or the one that you hate more Whether you drive a Ford, a tugboat or a skateboard Put my tape on, open up, n face forward Cuz' when we land, anywhere near the mic stand It can reason with the meaning of your lifespan Motivation you've been waiting for to make a tight plan Got you like I think that I can, yes I think that I can! Well go ahead, take a sip, introduce us to yourself Place us on your list of influences, ima live forever,  fuck bein' rich for seven years  >>Hello, I'm Slug and my crew is called.... [Chorus] (2x) >>Three! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist:	Slug Album:	Molemen: Lost Sessions Song:	Escape Route Typed by: peterg4life@hotmail.com I'd like to give a special shout out to that pluctuating list of names who've either taken the time to look me in the eye or taken the time stab me in the fuckin back. [Slug] Disasterous, no astericks necessary Captured by the self-hatred, it's legendary As it goes, it grows a little below the average woes I'll fit it all in my soul Now all the weirdos dig me as a rapper If we can all live happily ever after And I can nail all my issues to the rafter I'll leave the cattle to the pastore and feed em all laughter Everything sits right where it's suppose to sit But the light's too bright, can't get close to it They say it won't exist until you embrace what it is I tried to embrace all that relating by my taste I don't want to believe that yall are more confused than me You should see, some of the conversations I've held I used to think I could only talk like that to myself It makes me wonder if people might be bad for my health All is well and life is a hell It's a sitcom about a modern day billy tell And his effort, to network with an apple and an arrow When the moral to the last track is relax and be carefull TV bores me, I can't follow the story Most books are recycled, the writers are corny so I dove into this lake I swim, face first Urge my friends to run far away from this earth As if the head wasn't already twisted up I can't quit breath, do my best to tip back up As if the head wasn't already twisted up I can't quit breath, do my best to tip back up [Slug] Alchohol in my blood, sarcasm in my head Last to breath, first to break bread When this lake turns red and this lifeguard chokes No, not only did it fall but the star broke Fuck anyone and everyone that disagrees 'Cause you don't know nothing about this disease You don't know what it means to trade your sleep Over ball point pain that plays for keeps Sometimes I think about grabbin my pen And stabbin it, stabbin it deep into my abdomen But with my luck, shit I wouldn't die I'd just sit on the edge of this bed and cry But wait, rappers don't cry and they don't ask why Just rap, eat, sleep, fuck and sometimes lie Drink beer, smoke weed, represent the streets And when they get old, they grow their hair and make beats When I was a youth, I wanted to be a writer Now that I'm an elder, I just want to be fed Let the belly get big, raise a coulple of kids Before I pull out the trigger, let it all go to my head [Chorus] 2X In the breakdown, there's a snake's takedown Gotta escape to escape my escape route [25 seconds instrumental] [Slug talking] I don't like that shit. Whistlin is wack It's the only thing I came up with The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Slug (Atmosphere) Album: Anticon Presents Music for the Advancement of Hip Hop Song: Nothing But Sunshine Typed by: notok@lycos.ne.jp Wh... what do you mean what was my childhood like? What difference does that make? My childhood was messed up, so what? Everybody's childhood is messed up This is the nineties. You find me one person that had it right What does that got to do with me rhymin'? What's left? Now when my mother died, I had to take it in stride There ain't room for pride in watching your father cry And dad made it until maybe a year later When they found his suicide inside of a grain elevator Got over it, I had no other opposites or options Thought about whether or not mom and pop was watching Never bothered for caution, no time for fear So my folks care-free for most my early years And I learned from it, turned nuhhhhh! so many corners Storm my burning sun waiting for the world to plumb it Finished growing up under my uncle's roof, He taught me how to count, all the way up to 100 proof. >From watching him, I learned how to gather nurishiment Living off from different women that he had to nurture him And on the surface I became a normal free teen More afraid of nuclear war then state my TV stinks My best friend was my TV, gameshows and cartoons Subsituted for puppies rainbows and balloons Now here I am, the shy type And I think I'm doing all right Considering what it was like within my life It's all sunshine, It's nothing but sunshine It's all sunshine, It's nothing but sunshine It's nothing but sunshine... Now it's been 17 summers since I've seen my mother But every night I see her smile inside my dreams When I was younger, I didn't actually see the accident happen But every night I see her smile as if a shadow's against the screens I can only imagine Dad's internal reaction Straint, infernal burning baloney his brain Once it takes to make the man that owns achres of land Abandon the family plan, he drowns himself in his grains I'm glad I left that farm in northern Minnesota Where the time moves slower and the winters are colder Became a city boy where everybody acts like they hold off Where they stick to themselves and keep a chip on his shoulder 26 years of age, no longer full of rage I think it's safe to say that I turned the page of my childhood days Look Ma! I'm a productive member of society!! When I'm drunk I make noise, but otherwise I live quietly And on the weekend I go back up north to reminisce Remember what it was like pretending to be a kid Late at night I walk the fields, and lurk in the shadows to get even with life by murdering cattle MUHHHHHHHHH... MUHHHHHHHHH... "Come here, yeah! Come here! Yeah! Yeah!! Uhhhh....  I got sunshiiiiiiiine... on a clouddddddy dayyyyyyy...  when it's cold outsiddddddde... I got a month in Mayyy..." It's all sunshine, It's nothing but sunshine It's all sunshine, It's nothing but sunshine (and I'm gonna be alright, you're gonna be alright you ain't gotta hold my hand, just walk with me tonight...) It's nothing but sunshine! It's nothing but sunshine!! and I'm gonna be alright You're gonna be alright You ain't gotta hold my hand Just walk with me tonight... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Deep Puddle Dynamics Album: Anticon Presents: Music for the Advancement of Hip Hop Song: Rainmen Typed by: Raneforezt@AOL.com (Slug): I'll take seven emcees, put em in a line Shoot em and sell their clothes to get my wisdom teeth pulled From here on out I'm grabbing these rappers by their fates And throwing their destinies out into that lake And as the earth shakes, and as the snakes eat I found my birth place on top of that break beat The beat breaks while I drink a red stripe to get my head right Maybe put some life into this dead mic You fuckers got nerve, you're lost between mold and the mildew If you spit that verse with bullets and tits I wouldn't feel you This plan can't grow without the nurturing and nutrience So on I carry between the aryans and nubians (come together) Holding a head full of that Minnesota pork And if I ever blow up, I wanna fuck Bjork (you know my stink) Let it rain, let it rain, let the water run off of the brain Let the drops hit my shoulders and leave permanent stains Let one solo drip touch my heart and symbolize what it contains Restrain these thoughts that stay locked in my dark side Let the bumper hit the pavement, pull away and let the sparks fly Let the children have reason to laugh Instead of needing to craft ways and passages to see their last days (Sole): As far as me and water animals are concerned are infantile Past obliterating, great life on a scale, chorus boy See if you died trying the diabetics Bet if me and you had to breathe the same oxygen you'd choke And foam comes out your headphones And little men in black would scurry around and jump on dicks Saying "Yo champ, keep the heads noddin'", I keep heads still Steal moments from opponents lucky to find fabric in time Between Nieche and Ice Cube Fuck all of ya'll, never like any of ya'll in the first place Punch face, dickhead, step on foot, burn bridge Rape, pillage, take money I saw your scribbles in the back of your last release, ha ha, funny You bring your marbles, I'll bring mine When our ego's and balls collide, you'll have some pre-written battle rhymes But no, everything is cool, cold, icey, happy, glamorous Let's all drink Zima and sing We Are The World' I am the world, where I am a whirlpool where all these fools get killed Kilogram to your ass, and you bitch made like a quilt Yeah I can drop down and neander with neanderthals and jelly fish The revolutionary evolutionist, let me be the tooth fairy Cuz when it comes down to bitin', I make damn sure everyone gets royalties And rock Parliment beats instead of Jel's tracks Shit, if I ever gave a fuck, I gave it away a long time ago   Only time will tell, in due time until it's over The pair of me see my parables, paragraphs and emcee favorite tongue The world is my stage, and stage presence for everyone Chorus: Let it rain, let it rain Let the gutter be the book you never wrote Let the bottle be the drawbridge and moat All this is soaked in the deep depths of Dynamics All we ask is two ears and a planet (Alias): Developed materialist presented for your listening pleasure  Quadruple phynetic spitters in two by ten measures Profess my confession I longed for this profession presently here This art form ain't accessible For those who want to hear us Interlock hands through a sound and tape device through a filter Constructing of percussion, rhythm sections, painstakingly built are Infectious, totally overwhelming to soul and body It's the Holy Ghost, making you physical structure appear quite shotty Disassemblying, slow pick apart your sound taste Deconstructing, jotted the four across the wall your forced to face And conclude that your thirst is quenched by Deep Puddles "Ay this shit is dope!", but our conversation to you is suttle  You gotta hit that R-E-W when the fading commences Your index extensions of your hand constantly tenses Approximately every five minutes you will repeat this motion Over and over until your mind's convinced of this notion "Dynamics, I understand, and I pledge alliegance To your music for advanced listeners covering many regions And as far as I'm concerned, this group is number one And who knew that using my brain could be so much fun" (Dose): Four, count them, one, two, three, seven, four Pleasantly demented stock riders a few volts short of a paper airplane Decided to sit ingrain, paint their faces and be leaves Light green, turned upside down in the wind Finally, someone to clap for, this toxic hermit grins Especially men who look the globe over and back Scratch, fizzlin' a balmy sky, it's time If you live in the cosmos, milky way style Say it like I mean it, to ease my hard head And to where have you been my whole life, c'mon guys Let's play the sap, shoot branch, off, shoot branch But "hee hee hee" giggle the children  Who's shot? Hands folded, pencils sharpened Waiting patiently for quality birdseed  And really cool camp counselors who know lots of big words Once in a while it's fun to be smart And play with matches on the dark side of theWhoa! Cock bang, young drummer get wicked Smaller rock, and the larger ones all but confused So with the prostitutes or platypuses And grandparents fond on me I'm a hydrogen molecule and proud of it Let it rain.... CHORUS The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Eyedea, Slug, Sole Album: Anticon Presents: Music for the Advancement of Hip-Hop Song: Savior? Typed by: Raneforezt@AOL.com (Slug): Sometimes I wonder if you'll ever shut the hell up But you don't quit, and you just don't stop  Sometimes Iwanna hop on the 5 and ride circles around my city a couple times And pity my troubled life  Sometimes I wake up like 'fuck the world!'  And after I fuck my girl, I wanna curl up in the corner of my basement Waitin' for civilization to fold The pressure pays the toll, it takes control So I can be a better dad, I can be better in bed I can be a better man, I can be better off dead I can a better son, boyfriend or employee But I better fix my head before I let that shit destroy me Yeah, you know me, that cat with no game, no gear Been in love as many times as I've been alive in years It ain't my fears that's riding me, nope It's how I cope and construct, and how I act as if I don't give a fuck But damn, if I stop and count the amount of fucks I've handed out All in the name of trying to find what it's about I'd probably drown, gasp, cough, gurgle, found dead Stiff position as if I'm about to jump that hurdle So while you lose your hair, I'm losing a war You living thick off the pulp while I'm chewing the core And sometimes I reflect, sit and wish that I was ignorant Unaware of the poison so I could enjoy sipping it That's why the only thing on my mind is everything So I blame my brain for trying to hold me down And when they finally wash it and hang it out to dry Make sure they know I spoke, make sure they know my sound (Eyedea): Dear primate relatives with extra-terrestrial intelligence I've gathered delicate information stating my spaceship's developed a virus And I was thrown out of orbit past the moon And crashed here November 9th, 1981, Monday afternoon I've adapted to this twisted way of living But I always knew I wasn't from this planet cuz I'm so damn different I've kicked it with kids that would've but couldn't Kids that could've but wouldn't Some took it, misunderstood, stood under it and overlooked it Love, hate, straight, crooked Bad, good, should, shouldn't Plastic, metal or wooden It's all a part of water based pudding This is a cry for help and I don't give a fuck I've joined every alien cult on earth waiting for ya'll to pick me up I've sipped the cup of reality, now my brain is dying I try and explain I'm not human, now my room is an insane asylum They blame the violence on children and try to forget they raised 'em Jerry Springer and Banned From TV is what they get paid from Man, I hate them homosapiens, they're a little too complex Survival instincts are blocked for the biggest cock contest Man, please come get me, the shit's sickening Man, I can't stand it I wanna break the ozone and go home to my own planet This panic, I'm stranded, goddamnit I'm damaged, my sanity's bandaged Ever since I landed I've been abandoned and planned to run I ran and managed to reach peace for a day or two But it's probably government computer chips that make me think the way I do Hey, I knew my origin was beyond this galaxy, even as a baby I asked the ones who told to call parents and they said I was crazy I've been beat half to death by those designated to serve and protect I pay them taxes from my check so they break my neck Now take a sec and think what I did to deserve this I'm waiting for the mothership spacecraft To take me away from this purposeless earth shit It's worthless I'm like a polar bear living in the equator Or an ice cube in the refrigerator I'm outta place and outer space is where I need to get ya'll So when you come down, just remember I'm leaving with ya'll Sincerely yours truly, Eyedea  Chorus: So if you've got a savior, please won't you introduce? Cuz you muthafuckas behavior has got me broken loose (Sole): Oh, ya don't like sand? I heard it tastes like dirt I do dirt, my girlfriend used to be a rock All the favorite words, they woulda been 'stop' if she could talk So I did, lovemaking, playing inside a mole hill Ever read the diary of the ego without a fate? Music without a place Man without a plate Metal plate in skull which means I'll never get a chance to fly Wasn't coordinated enough to get college grants for playing sports But I stole your girl She was lucky enough to get the goods by a smooth talkin', player hatin'  On the class failin', shoplifting one man solar system I'm the sun to earth, super nova Novocain, no preservatives Don't know exactly what life means But I know for damn well that she ain't talkin' to me But I know everything I spend will somehow ends in negativity I can smoke all your imbeselic isms and idol ideologies For idiots who idolize ideals but never truly comprehend  And feel experience experiments They said take breaths when you can I fill my pockets will small triangle remnants of static moments Pessimism appeals to Sole which stikes him as more likable Never know no equals, still my style becomes more biteable I forgot how to sleep, don't remember being tired Which means heads think I'm sick until the day that I'm fired A wise man told me be a snake and let all people believe you're a sheep Cuz all ya have is your pride, so in the end you'll never sell me cheap CHORUS The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Atmosphere Album: Sean Likes Ugly Girls (5 CD set) Song: Rhythm of Rain Typed by: pinoywyteboy@operamail.com [Verse 1] (Slug) Something sinister sits in the corner Ignore it if you want but remember that we warned ya There in the basement, behind the furnace Feeding on flaw of your fear, so I can flourish Puts the shook in your bones Making all my noise when your parents ain't home And if the bulbs burnt out in my underground layer Guaranteed you're gonna sprint back up them stairs Step by step by, let me get by It's all in your mind, you do it every time The darkness stares, anybody there? Try to stay strong, pray for help Or you can bring that fear, I survive on it I thrive on it, I'm as loud as you allowed When I climb out of your mind to eat your time You can redeem your fear now Now all the white girls sing along Rhythm of rain (x2) There goes my brain (x2) [Verse 2] (Slug) You can hear me growl, you can smell it foul But as hard as you try, you'll never see me prowl You can feel my touch, from the heart and spine Some have all the luck all the time Fear that I might take your life Fear that I might fuck your wife When you hear a gun, you hear my voice When you hear a crash, you hear my voice That tingle at the back of your skull Cut the edge off the sanity The blade is dull, they gave their all But I took a little more Cause I made a promise that I would win this war Cause I made a promise, I'm fear motherfucker! Cause I made a promise, I'm hear motherfucker! The bams, the bulls, the bumps in the night When it's on, when it's on, all the white girls sing along [Verse 3] (Slug) Get over it, get over me You're the one that left me my opening Forgot to put the lid down, tight to the truth So I climb down and set myself loose The only thing is fear itself, I'll kill you! Love, money, god and health, I'll spill you! Where do you put your trust? I'll kill you my damn self Is it within or is it with us? Is it breath or is it death? What in the name of God do you run from? run for? run to - someone done for? Sit still, and take it like the bitch you are You can fight and resist, you won't get too far You made me, all the power you gave me Cultivate the hatred, and fed it to the babies Spent lifetimes pretending on a clue But I'm a product of you, and now all the women sing along The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Atmosphere Album: This is How the Story Goes 12" Song: This is How the Story Goes Typed by: xxmerkutioxx@aol.com And this is   (*repeated*) (And this is how the story goes) Sometimes I focus vision on the floater (what's that?) But rarely will I do it when I'm sober (you're always drunk) I like how her hair holds her shoulders (she's cute) And maybe if I stare she'll come closer (ayo come here) If I work my words right she'll stay over (yo what's your name) Spend the night and tightly I will hold her (give her a squeeze) Love is like a game of draw poker (you're always losing) And me, I'm sitting on a handful of jokers I heard she used to mess with Andy Broker (who's that?) But now he acts like he don't even know her Go to hell" yeah that's what he told her Switched her self-esteem in-between his molars Now she wants to take a bath with the toaster Bad experience makes the soul older I wish she would chill and take it slower And try to climb off of this roller-coaster Girl let me use my key to start you motor I'm good energy powered by sober You be the water and I'll be the boulder You want a fresh style let me show you This is And this is And this is how the And this is And this is And this is And this is how the An-and this is how the story goes He used to play for the San Diego Chargers (defense) Time passes and the alcohol gets harder Daydreaming, wishing that he was a farmer Passing out on the couch in front of Bob Barker (come on down) She knew that he would never try to harm her (hell naw) Used his money to open a beauty parlor (yo you want a manicure?) Her math skills get a little sharper (two plus two) And his beer-gut got a lot larger (know what I mean?) He used to be a strong self-starter (yeah) Confident in his own mind of martyr (yeah) But gone are the days of Jimmy Carter (yeah, yeah) And now all he does it sit around and sniff markers (hell yeah) This month her hair's a little darker While his keeps creeping back a little farther And as she reads the editorials and harpers He's thinking about what he lost in the garden Seems to have misplaced his weaponry and armor Feels like a fish out of water, drowning in the tartar Man life is like trying to light a sparker He'd move away from this city if he was smarter And this is An-and and this is how the An-and and this is An-an-and this is how the An-and this is how the An-an-and this is how the And this is how the story goes My number's universal but my name's Irish (Sean Daley) And I'm a donor according to my driver's license (need a kidney?) I would settle for the title of co-pilot Cause I'm just trying to hold it all together like a hyphen Could you point me to the closest fire hydrant? (you're a dog) There's a growing opercula behind my eyelids (whattt) It's not even like I'm attempting to fight it Instead I've been standing here trying to cover my privates The water feels good you should drive in (come on get in, get in) Swim around and ignore the danger sirens (forget it) Come and join my regime of pirates (swashbuckler) While we pulsate into the artery of silence (ssshhh) You can live with us on a hidden island We eat and live off of berries and bison And on the weekends we'll take the kids to the drive-in So we can teach them all about sex and violence You lack the minerals, the vitamins as well as proper guidance The magazines lie and the gasoline's been siphoned Who here's in charge of the hiring and firing? Y'all must not know I haven't died yet And I still pass my time writing rhymes I still pass my time writing rhymes   (*repeated*) (And this is how the story goes...) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Atmosphere Album: Urban Renewal Program: Supplement 1.5 Song: Fear Typed by: xxmerkutioxx@aol.com (Into my brain) Something sinister sits in the corner Ignore it if you want, but remember that we warned you There in the basement, behind the furnace Eating off all of your fears so I can flourish Puts the shook in your bones Making all my noise when your parents aint home And if the bulbs burnt out in my underground lair Guarantee you're gonna sprint back up them stairs Step by step by, let me get by It's all in your mind, you do it every time The dark you're scared, is anybody there? Try to stay strong, pray for help Well you can bring that fear, I survive on it I thrive on it, I'm alive as you allow When I climb out of your mind, to eat your time You can redeem your fear now And all the white girls sing along Into my brain (repeated) You can hear me growl, you can smell it fowl But as hard as you try you'll never see me prowl You can feel my touch to the heart and spine Some have all the luck all the time Fear that I might take your life Fear that I might fuck your wife When you hear a gun, you hear my voice When you hear a crash, you hear my voice That tingle on the back of your skull Cut the edge off insanity, the blade is dull They gave their all, but I took a little more Cause I made a promise that I would win this war Cause I made a promise, I'm fear motherfucker Cause I made a promise, I'm here motherfucker The bams, the booms, the bumps in the night When it's on, it's on And all the white girls sing along Into my brain (repeated) Get over it, get over me You're the one that left me my opening Forgot to put the lid down tight to the truth So I climbed out and set myself loose The only thing to fear, is fear itself (I'll kill you) Love, money, God and health (I'll spill you) Where do you put your trust (I'll kill you my damn self) Is it within or is it with us? Is it breath or is death? What in the name of God do you run from Run for, run to someone, done for Sit still and take it like the bitch you are You can fight and resist, you won't get too far You made me, all the power you gave me Cultivate the hatred and fed it to the babies Spent lifetimes pretending I'm a kook, but I'm a product of you Now all the women sing along Into my brain (repeated) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Atmosphere Album: Walk Like a Man Soundtrack Song: Love is a Pimp Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Slug] Man shut the fuck up! It wasn't 'til like 1997 that you stopped tryin to be Prince Whassup man? Why you look all upset all the time? Ohhh, it's like huh To be honest I kinda respect the way that you be walkin around all stupid like that And with a Sean Daly type of obsession for women He starts off to the sunset on his sins And he looks to the sky past the blue in the clouds And says, "Damn God tell me you ain't proud" Everybody's talkin 'bout the end of the world Like everybody wanna make friends with my girl I guess y'all got bored with the good old days Like there ever really was any anyways Don't ever close your eyes unless you're tryin to sleep But you never fall asleep unless you count some sheep And them sheep don't baa unless you fuck them raw So shut your mouth and pretend that you're deep deep How deep? Deeper than her panties Deeper than the pile of steering fluid in the antifreeze And I'll be damned if she survives the trip Second guessin each breath that rides her lips I'm tryin to drive the shit, only alive to fit inside of her hips, it's time for a sip Fibers of the mind rip into fine strips of life and love while I was tryin to get a grip [Chorus: repeat 4X] Get a grip and, let it live man Life is a bitch and love is a pimp [Slug] Unfocused this, broken chips Swollen tits, solo trips Vocal glitch, I know it's so sick But you're still caught up in that loco bitch Crippin, on that other level mentioned Flippin, become the center of attention Sniffin, now let's begin the intervention Skip it - kill myself and be a legend in my own brain head stains red like the flame spread All for the jealousy sleepin in the same bed Off with the head, cops came with the aim said Off with the led, clouds came and the rain bled "Shut the fuck up!" Why you wanna lie to a believer? Stop the voices inside of my receiver Get a grip on that bottle of fever And quit actin like you live in a theater; bitch [Slug] Love is a lot like a buzz When the buzz gets strong it can spawn hallucinations It can roll into a permanent vacation Or it can crash just to land your ass on the pavement Love is a lot like an ego When it's up it can let people down And when it's lost they wanna see it found But when it grows everybody wanna toss it around Love is a lot like death It can change the way that you see To shine in lu-cids of findin pu-ssy To sign a new lease to life is too cheap So hide the money, you never knew me So spike the honey, I wish that you'd leave I'm dyin to breathe, the fight is too sweet I'd like to go free, I'll cry you to sleep - get a grip! [Slug] Muscles twitch, faucet drips The engine quits, transmission slips The fate eclipse, the record skips Don't slit your wrists, peace to Mr. Dibbs The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Atmosphere Album: We Came From Beyond (Compilation) Song: 52 Pick Up Typed by: trevmaster2000@hotmail.com (Kissing noises) (Come here, come here, come here, right now, come here) [Verse 1] Come here little rabbit, I'm going to give you a treat, take a seat I'd like to tell you a little story, about a boy; he couldn't make ends meet Not only that but he couldn't make sense out of the daily walk Or the way we talk Or how much though can be put into the price of advertising I was watching him when he stepped forward to speak Under the impression that he was just another local freak Never would have guessed that he was capable of taking out a cluster of droids! Just to make noise What some will do for attention Sometimes it's too honorable to mention And what we're dealing with here is a systems malfunction Catching visions after the treasure was sunken Not to be mistaken for a role-model husband Because I'm only interested in fucking! [Verse 2] Just my luck I'm a narcoleptic nympho Petal to the metal with my dick hanging out the window Anyway the wind blow It come ten fold Must be the season of the info! [Verse 3] And sometimes I talk to the trees (what) I'm a dope fucking rapper, and I'm not trying to be abstract! I'm saying that Hip-Hop is larger than the politics, the karma and accessories you carry in your back pack Oh, and by the way, big thanks for all of the support I'm amazed you all want to hear what comes out of my mouth And I still keep my finger nails short So I don't tear your girlfriends from the insides out [Verse 4] Now do you get it yet? Well you will Just hold still And god bless the road kill With an empty can of oatmeal In case you're unaware, it's been a long time coming A lot of mind numbing Trying to climb something [Verse 5] I used to walk into this room unnoticed (yup) And as buzzed as I was, you all was lost in my focus And if I could keep from my knee to hurl I would leap into your world! And feed my seed to your girl! Just to prove you've no clue as to what your boo likes But you got a good start, if you spell my fucking name right! So show the tag on your shit that says bitch made (come on) While I push the mental switch blade Deep into your rip cage [Verse 6] Kill the stage Sweat death Have a drink And piss ink Fill the page and spit life, just to make these kids think See I came tonight to play the role of Pipe Piper But first I want to know who stole my lighter?! And while were at it, someone asked, "Who stole the soul?" I can smell food, but who's holding the bowl? Let's take a little stroll through your tape collection And check the UPCs to see who raped the essence [Verse 7] Yes it hurts Because it's a business first And it gets worst When you jerks Let it get into your verse And I still can't seem to adapt But I'm a dope fucking rapper And I'm not even trying to be abstract And If I could fly, I'd lift you up! And take you into the sky, and she you Slug! And If I could fly, I'd lift you up! And take you into the air, and she you Slug! And If I could fly, I'd lift you up! And take you into the sky, and she you Slug! And If I could fly, I'd lift you up! And take you into the air, and she you Slug! And If I could fly, I'd lift you up! (And never seen) And take you into the sky, and she you Slug! (Never, ever) And If I could fly, I'd lift you up! (Never seen) And take you into the air, and she you Slug! (Never, ever) And If I could fly, I'd lift you up! (Never seen) And take you into the sky, and she you Slug! (Never, ever) And If I could fly, I'd lift you up! (Never seen) And take you into the air, and she you Slug! (Never, ever) Like you've never seen... never ever... never... never (Pick it up, pit up) [Outro] Yo! I want to say peace to Christina Ricci! Sorry MURS I'm going to get that first! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Atmosphere Album: Wish You Were Here - Love Songs For New York Compilation Song: Summer Song Typed by: providenine@hotmail.com Slug: [Verse 1] She came back to visit, she says 'Cause in some ways, Minneapolis is more real than L.A. But I won't go to the triple-rock on a tuesday Too many people pop out of they pimples and play And at night, we can watch these people in these bars They're all insane, they all know my name Who won the game? no one's in pain But either way girl, i'm glad you came And if the elements and irrelevance I strain Hair's wet, who cares if it's sweat or rain As long as it doesn't leave a permanent stain It's all in vain if there's nothing left to gain And somethin's in the way she looks at her prey There's no way she'll allow you to live Swallow the fight, inhale the night There's not much else left for you to give Who's leaving (who's leaving) ? there she goes Who's leaving (who's leaving) ? Who's breathing (who's breathing) as opposed to who's bleeding (who's bleeding) Carress the rooftop and stare at the space For the flesh that you gave just to get a taste It goes... nothing comes close Scream of the smile and choke boy choke Passion come death, and death bring power At the top of the hour we sing for the monster And here she goes, with that look in her eyes The souls of those that got took by surprise Crooked little smile that clings to her lips On a night like this I sing for the bitch (Chorus) Just a lonely summer Slowly dying I was smiling hard But I was lying [Verse 2] So what's the time? it's almost time for her to go to work The sun is shining but I'm the shadow of my smirk I keep my breathin under my breath Tucked within the untrimmed bushes next to her front steps And when she leaves to make treck towards the bus stop My love erupts (POPS) a thousand tiny blood clots Damn I wish that she was mine but time and time over the discretion On my right shoulder whispers to my ear Advising me to admire from way over here, play the rear And struggle for the view to clear It's been 2 years and quite a few beers Too many loose tears and a few souveniers And if she only knew, how long I've waited for her How her smiles enough to make my winter warmer If she knew the way she walks could take away my storm She'd probably call the cops and get a restraining order As much as I hate myself, I hate you more But I still smile when you come through that door And as much as I hate my life, I hate yours too Just can't seem to teach myself to ignore you This is for the ladies, not every lady Just the ones that drive me crazy, the ones that scream SAVE ME I wanna thank y'all for everything you gave me Now lean in and taste me (kiss) (Chorus 2x) Right up to your face and kiss you! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Aesop Rock f/ Slug Album: Float Song: I'll Be OK Typed by: Nature2QBC@aol.com [Slug] Burn it down... Pad the circles 'round your life To capture all the sides you sight Magic tricks where skeptics sink The ice is thin, stay off the lake Waiting for a clock to punch Wish I could breathe and stop for lunch If I stop tocount the leaves on one of these here trees Not sure that I know what's pure Born to kill the insecure Some respect, some resent, some remain from start to end Wear my heart on my short sleeves I'm stuck out here, I lost my keys From the roof I watch the street And pray for those that's caught beneath [Chorus--Slug and Aesop] 2x As long as I know right from wrong I'll be ok, I'll sing my songs [Slug] I dunno what I have to left To give other than truth and breath Angel when she shuts her eyes Like we will leave to my demise Between my time is short About to start my last resort Wake me up when it's time to make babies Talkin planet earthquakes Tied the laces, touch the ground Let emotions ruptured now As long as I know right from wrong, I'll be ok I'll sing my songs Chorus 4x [Aesop Rock] I wanna lift every yellowbrick I never felt pressure to have to justify my selfishness At least not to your and yours Maybe just my friends and fellowships As long as the mood is somehow linked to my enhanced development I swear they'll understand!!! There's a storm outside my tenament Beats upon my windows with Mother Nature's adrenaline I guess that's why my homey Blockhead stays glued to the television Now I look less intelligent Cuz I'm the one that tried to bear the elements and lost Well it's warm by the filament Huddled up close in the company of all my relatives Stories lash like coffee and honest-to-God sentiment Cucooned in the unified efforts to all get settled in Away from where the rain pours! Well count your delegates Weed out the bums who practice migration under the elegant Of course I realize to fill the ring, procedure's delicate But lead devils inside to collide with your overzealousness And fall to rock bottom Spot em with their carelessness The urge could burst to turn even those hazardous to militant You can't even have half of free second The beat comes gelatin You gotta aim, fire and the spider be model veteran Buried in merit badges I'm stuck in the center and could care less About the eye of the storm and its monstrous measurements I got a defense that I call coolin with my brethren Sometimes I get wet But it's better than risking life and limb to me, don't you agree? Chorus 4x [Aesop Rock] *repeat to fade* If you wanna push, than I'm ready to push But if you pulling while I'm pushing Then why did you ask me to push? The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Brother Ali f/ Slug (Atmosphere) Album: The Truth Is Here EP Song: The Believers Typed by: PDog1217@aol.com [Intro - Man - talking] "Somebody told me, that the, I'm the truth Don't worry about it, get down with me and ah We'll set you free ..." (Hit it!) [Break - Brother Ali - talking] Yeah, yeah Gone in a swing like that right there Yeah, ah (I want everybody to jump out their seats And start clappin your hands) [Verse 1 - Brother Ali] Rhymesayer Entertain, try to name a better team Reveal your jealous aim, some things'll never change Best twang your family together mayne Them people cellophane, allowin their mother name I'm invincible, walk with my word and my balls and my principles Like a true prince should do Only givin you a little bitty glimpse of truth As I live it through, imagine what I'm fittin to do I ain't that hit it and quit it dude Live it for that minute, then split and I'm here to get residual Pedal hard and settle not for even a notch Between the premium spot, cream of the crop Believe it or not, I'm over every line like one Life changin moment at a time Please trust you'll find, no better design I'm so justified, I'm boast of epic kind Nose to the grind stone, wait, no never mind I could tell you 'til I'm blue in the face, the end of time If you was ever gon' bear witness to the child Then your ass probably would've been admitted by now [Chorus - Brother Ali] So now, ah, come now walk with me I think and I walk and I talk awkwardly If when you gotta see in order to believe Then your ass must be blind, none strong as me, Ali Ah, come now walk with me I think and I walk and I talk honestly I show strangers what they ought not to see But that's just our nature, none strong as we, ha [Verse 2 - Slug] Call me Slug, that's it, don't need no acronyms Tryin to keep the masochist tucked inside the pacificist But God it's gettin hard to give 'em passes when They act as if they came up on the south side of Nazareth Can't imagine this, it's like a beauty pageant Where them models project and serve the law of averageness Coat hanger on the mic, rappin mannequins Stash 'em out behind the garage, where the trash be in Don't go and get mad, I ain't your daddy kid And you not Ant, so why you tryin to sample this? So pop your little titties out, ego expandin Them shenanigans'll catch a free ride up in that ambulance Can't fix them damages with bandages Another midlife crisis, tryin to brag on all the ass you get Cash it in and take a look at who you dancin with You just a middle man between the fiends and your management Minneapolis, takes the passion with A twist of lemon, 'cause I'm on some old fashioned shit So tell Anakin we lookin for Orlando with Coach and the "Champion", go fix a couple sandwiches [Chorus - Brother Ali] Yeah, come now walk with me I think and I walk and I talk awkwardly If when you gotta see in order to believe Then your ass must be blind, none strong as me, Ali Ah, come now walk with me I think and I walk and I talk honestly I show strangers what they ought not to see But that's just my nature, none strong as we, come on [Verse 3 - Brother Ali] Used to raise babies in a funky old dirty place So I kept me a snub nosed .38 Took it to the pawn shop on the first and paid Rent with it, didn't want to send 'em to the pearly gates In the clutch of the beat drop See me hop up off the Sheetrock and strut like a peacock Get your teeth knocked, clean out your speech box Must not believe that meets the grease part I wrote God a love letter with street chalk Fell through potato chips, could of put beach hut And there I stood in all of my splendor 'Til I did believe I told 'em everything that I meant to [Chorus - Brother Ali] Come down now, come now walk with me I think and I walk and I talk awkwardly If when you gotta see in order to believe Then your ass must be blind, none strong as me, Ali Ah, come down walk with me I think and I walk and I talk honestly I show strangers what they ought not to see But that's just our nature, none strong as we, ah (Get, get, get, get, get, get, get down) ... "But the squares won't dance 'cause they're just all fakes And they can't understand the commands of the breaks" (breaks, breaks) [Outro - Scratched Run-D.M.C. Sample] "A stage, a crowd and two Rhymesayers" - 4X "Two Rhymesayers" "A stage, a crowd, a-a crowd, and two rhyme-Rhymesayers" (*applause*) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Brother Ali f/ Slug Album: Shadows on the Sun Song: Blah Blah Blah Typed by: Beatminer@hotmail.com Get yourself together now because it's hit time Your known as the hit makers Breaker breakers, party makers They'll make your back crack, your liver quiver For all you cats, who never put more dips in your hips More cut in your strut, more glide in your stride If you don't dig that you gotta hold your soul If you don't dig this mess, you came to the wrong address Because singing might be loud and clear [Brother Ali] Ayo, the music made em jump back Fuck that, how y'all gonna contrast somethin fat, without lettin Ali touch that Gun whack, read his lips You're not serious, I got few evils and no superiors (so here he is) A seasoned veteran, an ego reckon I turn it up another notch to keep the people guessin Y'all ain't fuckin with the ox so put your feeble session Double teamin for the evening, so you heed the lessons So no [Slug] Here we go Lookin at me like they know me Only bout as far as they drunk ass can throw me Do it, somebody's bound to catch it, no breakage Never that, we keep it basic like breakfast So taste it, the vitamins are subtle So tighten up or Slug'll, even try to decipher the puzzle But shut up though (Fuck that, sucka jump back) I hold the game like Notre Dame, I know your dame (We cut a hunch back), Ali run that [Brother Ali] From cats lips to gods ears We mind yall punk bastards and cross hairs Applying our thug tactics till y'all scared Don't stop till your punk ass hits the back stairs (ohh yeah) [Slug] Fuck that, jump back, yo, what's that Drippin off her nuts, wait, why she got a nut sack? You fuckin rappers are she-males From the retail to the e-mail, your freak fell cause you need help Chorus (2x) Y'all need to watch and observe and then follow If we open for y'all it's still our show I hear the same ol' shit wherever I go Like Blah Blah Blah Blah Blah Blah Blah Blah Blah [Brother Ali] (Slug) (Rappers steppin to) ah yeah they get their shits burned I throw a roll of quarters and cyphers and then I get learned (Yo I don't care were you represent son, where's your chicks?) We'll take her out for breakfast if you want to let your lips run [Slug] Listen, I know your mission, some type of magician that likes to go fishin On the mic with air tight precision, the leaders keeping tradition when you ain't even keeping the rhythm that the DJ is spinnin Calm down little camper, I've got the answers You should fuck exotic dancers You should grow a pair of tits and some antlers It doesn't matter turn it up, what the fuck you think that Ant's for? [Brother Ali] I write poems, write rhymes, write my name in the snow And I could use all of that to bend the frame of your hoe And I should *????* I'll just pay the waiter and go But if I didn't have a wife, yo your kids'll be albinos Your respect is like a stick in the grass Mean mugs and tree hugs, I'll go on about it I wear my toilet paper so that y'all can kiss my ass with your tongue out and write a love song about it [Slug] Write that shit inside of your book full of funny little scribbles The love comes and vomit, the money comes and dribbles The Minnesota missiles, self taught communication, mutilation, holding pictures of your sister naked [Brother Ali] Ha ha, You to drunk to walk down the stairs And know you standing here choking on my pubic hairs Telling me your name is if you think the brother cares If you keep bumping your guns we can fucking take it there [Slug] (Brother Ali) Yo Make a room full of bump rocks stop and do twats (Rest those shots from a cop, and ask him who's your pops) Who's you daddy, Fuck that, Jump back and act happy (Sing my fucking chorus before I punch you in the face) [Chorus] - 2X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Brother Ali f/ Slug Album: Shadows on the Sun Song: Missing Teeth Typed by: jostmatt@bluewin.ch [ VERSE 1: Slug ] I dictate while most MC's lactate Can't wait for me to smack brakes and fuck em till my sack breaks They stand still with a little bit of spittle Drippin off the middle of they lips tryin to light a cigarette And I'ma watch em all choke on my vomit Took apart, shook up they heart, they died on it And I promise, if you could hide from this monster You'd quick tryin to ride on my divide and conquer Some gotta die 'fore the dumb realize Not everyone can fly, most don't have wings Keep takin a nap, wear a brick for a cap Or get the fuck off the lap before you lose everything I spit shrapnel while the villagers babble Slice deep, pull, peel, and let the skin unravel We're here to scrape off a layer of your make-up So we can see what a bitch is really made of [ VERSE 2: Brother Ali ] I step off in your hoola-hoop cypher with my eyes all aglow Walkin tall enough to make your half moon whole You don't need to get duct-taped to the bathroom flo' Cause I don't think your shit is flavor - but the rats do, though You and your little bitch buddies think you're Thelma & Louise Cause you got a drum machine and you throw jealous to the breeze You need to respect a fuckin legend when he breathes 'fore you get a K-Swiss logo embedded in your knees Shock the body-body, rock the consciousness Stagger the imagination, box your esophagus The paradime, you step past the line And I show you why the masterminds have got a fuckin axe to grind Street magician like David Blaine with these songs Crip-walkin through your mental corridor with metal cleats on Slug got the weed smoke, Ant got the beats broke And your fuckin eyebrows might grow back, but your teeth won't (You gonna look pretty funny tryin to eat corn on a cob with no fuckin teeth) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: CunninLynguists f/ Slug Album: Strange Journey Volume One Title: Don't Leave (When Winter Comes) Typed by: HAWpdt@hotmail.com [Verse 1-Deacon da Villain] Ridin' down the road...lookin' out the window At times it can feel like home is when I'm gone On only roads we roam, Cali to Rome Me and everybody I love livin' through phone Never been one for hugs, but I long Across time zones for strength from fam Who are only with me through video and digital camera Lookin' for answers, seekin' the chance ta Make up for time that got lost in these stanzas The click of my heels ain't takin' me to Kansas Thinkin' bout Tuck got me stuck in these transits My heart speaks Sanskrit with no translator My soul seeks a hand-stiched love and a prayer Shit, I'm everywhere, but home, I'm never there And some I care for say I'm February air Don't even know the mayor's name in my own town Been makin' noise but forgot how my home sound "...but please don't leave me standing here, when the winter comes" [Verse 2-Slug] Listen up, I've been meaning to say this I'm not the greatest, I'll never make that list But everytime I come home, you're still there waitin' In case I never said it, thanks for your patience Never got rich and famous, don't get me wrong There's a lot of different faces that listen to the songs But there's no big time, never wrote the hit rhyme Had to roll the highway just to go and get mine And when I got it, I brought it back to you Wasn't even sweatin' you was reppin' with a new crew I don't expect you to hold your breath Just know you're blessed, and let me get that open chest Look, you've cried with me, you've tried to forget me You feel neglected 'cause sometimes I'm busy You still hold me down on the Southside, dig me You always forgive me, 'cause you're my city "...but please don't leave me standing here..." [Verse 3-Natti] To make it happen with this rappin' is a part of my goal But leavin' you little man, takes a part of my soul Believe me, daddy know it ain't gon' be easy Better this then have you waitin' for the state to release me Seein' me through glass, missin' moments to squeeze me I'll be damned, I want for you all that I never had No growin' up with hate for an invisible dad Wanna hold you when you cry, tickle you 'til you laugh I'm tryin' to walk a path, right now you don't understand You two and barely talkin' and yet you my greatest fan I love you more then life, you with me every flight I leave in dead of night to keep from hearin' you cry My luggage outta sight to fight off the say goodbye If you could form the words, I know you'd say "Daddy, why?" And I would have to tell you how this is for you and I I'll be back 'fore November, but daddy has gotta fly "...but please don't leave me standing here, when the winter comes when the winter comes, oh when the winter comes" "Gonna keep on walkin' forward, keep on walkin' forward Gonna keep on walkin' forward, never turning back Gonna keep on walkin' forward" The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Deep Puddle Dynamics Album: Taste of Rain... Why Kneel? Song: Heavy Ceiling Typed by: kblougou@hotmail.com * * send corrections to the typist (Slug) Where those two walls and that ceiling meet Where you'll be peeling me from when the dreams become abilities The trilogy of growth, I'm at the second level Where every word is special and I'm lost inside the echo So when it settles I touch that third stage I shut these mental shackles and blast my way out of that birdcage Earthquake signifies an active foundation Its got the posture aching keeps my head out of these constellations From this high I may identify the obstacles When I get this high my head becomes a hospital Voices bitching and bickering, complaining that they sick and injured bleeding and hungry (give me my tourniquets) Feed 'em nourishment and included with a diluted juice and bruised fruits I distributed Who knew they wounds would heal so quick Who knew the passion would become fashion and get them fastened onto the dick (shhh) Might as well have let them penetrate The view from here has shook me Looking at rookies that try to emulate Take the time to break the rhymes down for what you gather Only after will I climb to the rafter without my ladder (Sole) Stability, overseer, stand over, ability Hover, provide contraceptive in meteor showers The sky is falling, the earth is collapsing, seas freeze Seize my support structure you stammer I may shake up, provide shade upon your living mass Granted 'em granite with a limestone trim So your epicenter splinters to shambles while the lights turn dim Sheep stop bellowing hug your teddy bears And stand towards the light in my center Cynical minds mind your master It's only a shame to live off slide landing on your backside Who needs to walk? You lame men spend all of your time inside I see it all I saw it all I encase it all And with all my power they should have built more columns for me The ball still rolling There's only two pins left brother With above or upon, I promise to always provide some cover Quit breathing so much This ain't comfortable for me But I was more affordable than the ones they built in the early 90s Oh my, look at those memories, listen to them complain Some bitch about champagne Others talk about how they should have took the train Regardless of your stature, status or economical bubble I'm still on top of your world even if it's a pile of rubble Dripping through (Dose One) Dripping through (Slug) Walking On (Dose One) Walking On (Slug) Hanging From (Dose One) Hanging From (Slug) Peeling Off (Dose One) Peeling Off (Slug) Repeat (Dose One) What in the name of human built these ceilings? How industrious it must have been Awful continuous to span those reaches and rings Not a wall empty space, only between No corner, ceiling, the lid perceived on a system of physical laws How high, height being among the first three You can't touch it goes on to stretch an unexplainable Linear roof of instance To relative for shelter Its protection purposes our challenge to existence Hold, will it hold? And for how long? With such holes tearing into nowhere Justifies nothing we define Or travel as fast as to distinct To make it vast it surrounds our absolute upper limits Our reference comprises are synchronistic Tock, tick tock, thank it for your fears And lows know if it starts or stops Tick tock, rest beneath the safety It can only prop It's not sturdy Old weep, the honorable made of tick tick tock It's above with under, in, structure and stronger than our nails, words, ages, beams, any watch Tick, tick, tick, tock, tock, tock, tock (Alias) I've experienced been a witness to many happenings up to this point Life and death have passed my eyes on both occasions they anoint In the beginning I looked down and I witnessed birth But confined to my position I never realized what it was worth I never realized the beauty it expounds and the emotions it induces Never realized what true love What sometimes no love at all produces Never realized what I was going to see in my adventures of now But realized I was in for a lot of sightseeing so somehow I didn't pay much attention to the positive aspects of things Only victims of stabbings and shootings to who the fat lady sings They say they're on their way out as they pass through me Hoping each time they could take me with them so I could see A different aspect of the world perhaps above the buildings But letdown every time they told me that they were not willing to take someextra baggage As they chillingly referred to I Perhaps I'll never leave this place So now all I do is sigh and think who was I? But I was so misled That I only showed my interest in souls that were covered in red Now I look back and I feel I was cheated with precision The different aspect that I had longed for was so clearly in my vision Got sick and tired of negativity and I was due for a change But never figured out that I needed not to rearrange It was all before me and I could have seen life as well Now my one-track mind has only stories that no one wants me to tell The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Deep Puddle Dynamics - I Am Hip Hop Album: Taste the Rain...Why Kneel? Song: I Am Hip Hop  Typed by: TripleAitch@aol.com [Sole ] Well its 7:45 oh yeah we'll see who's the bigger man Other dead men walking 4:00p.m. I heard a dead man talking He said its inconsequential  for get it its nice I'll always get into harlots Ville with this knife getaway I don't want to buy you a drink forget to piss on your pride little girl Yeah stepped on your feet  you want to eat that dirty white how what ya looking at The cap  bartender tender me some sex on the beach  before I reach out and impediment your speech  Once I get'em in my reach  unprecedented impeach  He saw a double crossed dance illuminated by disco lights Unseen unspoken  in a scene provoking a thought provoking scene  in a smoke scene interrupted by intervening disco lights  aint nobody dancing  aint no music everybody still I can only see one man  he looks good enough to kill  so I muscle my way through dustless of imposers  10:30 to 10 feet away 5 fingers surround the object of entrapment I don't need to see his eyes  I feel his jack then his shirt then his skin then his kidneys then out  then blood then blood then blood  then neck then blood then blood then blood chest Then I see his girl watching over him  like she is gonna cry his little ass back to life This is my only way I know  so I must remove the knife  We eye to eye now  goodbye to his life fool  I told you I would get my five dollars back tonight [Slug] Another night (night) Another dollar (dollar) Another crowd I enlisted to make holler (now scream) Another I really wish this crowd was a little bit larger Excuse me mister promoter  could I bother you  For a couple of bottles  of premium placed on the stage For me and my brethren you know beverages Intoxication balance and leverage  Guessing this is that point where I grab the mic and make my point  kick my flow make'em say hoooo  blow the lid off the joint  ahem: blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah  and then they befriended I love it when this situation happens This the type of crowd that build self esteem  Come 10:30 is was I finally felt that sting.. (commotion. Yo yo yo yo (hes got a knife)  yo what the fucks going on right here,  calm the fuck down calm that shit down (that's blood)  check check get'em up get off get off)  I shed another blood  you knew I would  I feel you should  adapt  can't run forever  trapped death stepped up to  shed another blood  you knew I would  I feel you should  adapt  can't run forever trapped death stepped up to SORRY JUST ALCOHOL  [Dose] Thanks anyhow its just been one of those days alcohol only  How can you not sell fucking cigarettes at a bar excuse me  but I wonder where those two wild women are I've gotten off one minute they're all ears and big eyes  then they're wandering off  to bark up the next mans tree EXCUSE ME thank you Jesus Christ this place is  now that's a foxy young lady if only she would put some clothes on (excuse) enough I'll just bend and stay in the mean market humm humm humm  who are these that shits pretty dope  but I can hardly hear his vocals and the bass is too loud  Actually this kid is nasty  to bad I can't hear the words (excuse me)  damn like he couldn't have just walked pass oh and the stare too  See everybody want to show you  how big their and how little they think I be if it is that the chick Jim was trying to get on she's alright man its hot as balls in here why did I wear this (screaming) he's got a knife is that blood Oh my God I've never been this that's blood he's dying, gone  [Alias] Uh uh oh my god twisting and turning what's that sensation of burning  yearning to witness some spoken words but now I'm learning but I cant step into the outer limits of my abode without kids acting hard staring glaring yes I'm in the daring mode My girl debated me going out at this nocturnal time she said I should just chill  stay in the house and write a rhyme  I disagreed and ventured out  Totally against all of her wishes  stated that if I went to this particular venue  I would later be needing stitches but my manhood  in the need to ease my mind has forced me out to check and see  what this up and coming lyrist is all about Arrived at the show at 9:45 and they're saying these kids are live Waited in line to pay my fee to take my entrance to this dive  Already performing up on stage  these kids outside smoke deuce  the rhymesayer had the crowd by the balls while up in the dj booth  final manipulation is complex in the body of its sound  mesmerized in higher elevated on the shoulder I feel a pound My right side and his right side connected accidental  he's staring in my vision  and taking Said something about knocking out dentals  then tried it on slowly  I paid no attention to his words  cuz perusing any challenge by forth at this point would be absurd I saw no familiar face in the sea of goatees and baseball caps which is fine with me Cuz this ocean is filled with mindless saps  just then I heard a scream behind me  there was quite a commotion  I felt something tap my back once  then repeated in this motions  oh my god twisting and turning  what's this sensation of burning  yearning to just witness some spoken word but now I'm learning  I should have listen to my girl when she spoke up and debated  if I had then my body and soul would not be separated (oh my god) I shed another blood  you knew I would I feel you should adapt  can't run forevert rapped death stepped up to  shed another blood  you knew I would I feel you should  adapt  can't run forever trapped death stepped up to  shed another blood  you knew I would I feel you should  adapt  can't run forever trapped death stepped up to  shed another blood  I knew would I feel you should adapt  can't run forever trapped death stepped up to  shed another blood  you knew I would I feel you should  adapt  cant' run forever trapped death stepped up to shed another blood  you know I would I feel you should  adapt  can't run forever death stepped up to shed another I feel you should The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page   Warning : include(/home/ohhla/www/anonymous//dpuddled/whykneel/scarescw.dpd.txt) [ function.include ]: failed to open stream: No such file or directory in /home/ohhla/public_html/files/lyrics.php on line 67   Warning : include() [ function.include ]: Failed opening '/home/ohhla/www/anonymous//dpuddled/whykneel/scarescw.dpd.txt' for inclusion (include_path='.:/usr/lib/php:/usr/local/lib/php') in /home/ohhla/public_html/files/lyrics.php on line 67 The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Deep Puddle Dynamics Album: The Taste of Rain... Why Kneel? Song: Where The Wild Things Are Typed by: mikecastillo_1@hotmail.com * * send corrections to the typist [Dose One] You, don't know what happens when, (I) close the door And furniture comes warm, out to greet me, look Showing with pride, daze, dust And imaginary hug on non-conscious brush Things are better now I adore these, walls as they reveal, supple roots And vibrant flooring, he's home Seems to penetrate very fabric of the roof above me As panels seal (ceiling) seal (ceiling) peels Back the sky so beautiful with knife Famous purple clouds and mid-light Ash black sweeps the character away A truly awesome, sight Outside, makes room and weep for it The amazing thing is with secrets unfolding Abound, on ground I can only see the light And thus the moon burns and it tolerates magicals got some inspring To be or not, join the miraculous now transpiring That is the, who's flame is it for me to not feed So my relief becomes my gallion and my poon becomes my bloom This place has always been an ocean, always been a song [Slug] I got a liter of Knob Creek & bottle of Ether Got the second Mobb Deep creeping out of the speakers Would prefer to sit home and drink 'cause it's cheaper Why you trying to hide the eggs girl, you think that it's Easter? Got time to kill, got kills to time Prescription filled, I got pills to climb Got the firearm ready to rob convenience stores Got charm baby gonna recruit a team of whores Got hopes and dreams of no in betweens (Sole chanting) I've got hopes and dreams of no in betweens Good swing keep losing the fall in the green Good thing most my friends live inside my head 'Cause now I'm never alone, when I lie in bed Got truth can't recall where I put it Maybe someone took it, mistook it for value and thought they wanted it Gone with the wind and the rain all that remains is a subtle taste of sin  laced with grins and astonishment Don't believe in monsters...I know 'em Because they dwell in my heart and raise hell in my emotions If there ever was a reason to live it'd be to die Now hold still let me wipe the fear out of your eye [Alias] Darkness envelopes me, directly after eclipse It couldn't a mind know, of my lower instincts begin to kick At nothing, origin represents under my sleeping quarters Not a noise is being made, but yet I sense that there's no order Directly beneath my being I'm seeing, nothing but I can squint But there's commotion taking place I should check, but I don't give Worked up the courage, after much debating I proceeded to slowly creep in a reverse vertical Because I felt I needed, to make the confirmation Pulled out my coffin, saw a nation of creatures in different forms I couldn't fight this sensation They had their re-appearances in their own separate ways But all had the same familiar faces I've been staring at for days [Sole] That goes the cause here to hear him scratching Calling me names, calling me out my name Attractive not wallpaper, my wallpaper is turned to a piss yellow tint The post is a prank, all the faces are gone The bodies are dancing, taunting me in spirit The sounds are everything, but I can hear sarcasm in the lyrics All the pics in my frames been replaced mirror, glass and slate Some of 'em are see-through reflect on the ceiling but can't relate And after all this time, my roses that I've stepped on My chattered tores are now weapons of mass destruction Talked and feel the oxygen of opposite in the combines of a quilt comforter It's safe and pretty Thunder cockroaches are jabbing me with toothpicks I tried to scream but I'm left, voiceless and toothless Virtually useless and it's messed with my head Thousand chatter tensions bench around the singing fire for the stupidest things I've ever said Gnawing at my flesh, collecting underneath my bed Intercepting to form a hawking mess A mammoth in a sense, jacking like an attitude Weaving me in a web, leaving me for dead Believe in me, could bet the joy of life To where I belong, to where I belong And exist like this forever, why do they never turn the light on? And why do they always leave the night on? The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Doom f/ Kurious, Mobonix, Slug  Album: Born Like This Song: Supervillainz Typed by: kill4747@hotmail.com [Posdnuos/P-Pain] What rhymes with shillin, villain What rhymes with shmillain, villain He's a villain.. Yes, he is.. [Kurious] + (Doom) Set it off adrenaline rush, the boys way beyond a pen and the dutch Stronger than hen a bag of the dust, you need to watch how they acting with us Now time to get it in gear, get it in right here  Revenge is better than beer, Yo Doom, it's been a minute think they getting it clear (Yeah!) When brothers reunite, make sure we party right  We rock it all night long even beyond the morning light It's hard to see him in the light, even harder to see him on the mic  A black Benz beats being on a bike, and he can talk a gay chick outta being a dike (New Kurious, y'all) Like that y'all, freak freak y'all (At a store near you) To the beat y'all (Go get it) [Doom] Keep it on click fully auto, I won't stop the rock until pockets thick and gordo More so a risk of sounding poor, bro  No tux ? tickets to the award show Normally cordial, more or less, less is more or no Hock spit out the cockpit, stuck to the window 'till it's solid as a rock hit [Posdnuos/P-Pain] Yes, he is.. [Mobonix] He grabbed the mic like two money bags  waiting for the getaway to count what he had  Thought he was a spaz, but dude kept wrecking  The crowd remote control, keep 'em all guessing Funny man gave 'em nuttin like a bummy dad  Taught him how to fight wit' a mic and the hottest stab But that's the life of a villain, and you know after that, chilling  Went places got Gracie don't follow, the big joke ain't no Cola in the Coke bottle Writing rhymes till the pen go hollow and been flow hotter than the sunshines of Marrow  And get the villain and scream, if it's not real life it's still in yo' dreams  Like that y'all, like that y'all, like that a like that and like that y'all [Posdnuos/P-Pain] What rhymes with thrillin, villain.. What rhymes with stealin, villain.. He's a villain.. Yes, he is.. [Prince Paul/Filthy Pablo] ..That's right, I'll smack the black off of ya, punk! [Slug] Villain.. Pushin' on the couch cushion, south side Minneap never lived out in Brooklyn Kept the faith forget the fame, If they sweat the name let it set the lane Held mind, cold and hard, had no regard who the chosen are Who, you? Oh no, you played the Oboe, keep it on the low low Rappers are candy butterscotch, I'mma let their baby mothers watch She loves the ock, I touch the spot,  Bitch, I'm the itch, that must be a God up her crotch, heh Now stop, leave the buildings and leave some pills for these little villains Hey shorty, share the flask  Let me explain why I wear this mask.. Villain! "I want you to call me at that address if I'm still there gonna make sure you get cracked!" The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Eyedea (Oliver Hart) f/ Slug Album: The Many Faces of Oliver Hart Song: Forget Me Typed by: shiZzleY0nizZle@aol.com [Eyedea] Would you believe there's only four more people in the world And when you're not looking they change masks Somewhere over the rainbow it's the same Instead of needle infested train tracks No matter how fast you run from the eye you hate There is no escape (There is no escape) So I wait for the heaven that I seek Which makes everything insignificant differences Innocence intendance the vision amongst religion Visioning innovative criticisms are the state of mind we're living Time is ticking If you listen to the sign that wisdom efficiantly spreads Sing a song that officially deadens the mission They cling on the friction I stand stiff in this position Plans shift Cause to me your man is in an issue of your ego tissue Explicit to the point of non-existance And life in the past is your only interest I used to build forts in the backyard to hide from the daytime Missing all the beauty of the sunshine It's my fault But I blame the world to a small degree I've never seen the sky cause I been too scared it would fall on me So what? You're mad cause I don't want to talk? But you'd be even more pissed off if I told you what i really thought So just walk away (just walk away) You're better off never caring what I say (never caring what I say) [Chorus][Eyedea] I been a lot of places and I've seen a lot of faces I don't miss none of them and they don't miss me Fell in love with sensation Now I'm high on mental piation But that's the price you pay if you want to live free Kill my dedication Put me on your medication Drop me off in space and never come to get me Nothing that I say has ever been that amazing So when I die do me a favor and forget me (forget me.. x7) [Slug] Well Something in the air make me not want to care Let 'em stare untill I'm riding on an empty spare Follow the vein straight As it drapes across the landscape and the sand and the lake Off the beaten path Learn the secret math Keeping the laugh, smug Too deep in the back of luck Happy as fuck But nobody's convinced Play daddy to the love and try to drop a couple hints Ever since I came to learn all the right turns I was cursed with the cigarette burns and the lost words Found inspiration inside your misery Always trying to take an inch More than what they're giving me Dear God Let me die on the rich people's lawns Because I'm not so sure they're gonna learn my songs Every morning he repeats that same shit Spends the day trying to be famous Well another day, shot And I'm thinking this aquarium is deeper than the last one My castle was never made of sand It's one big aluminum can The chateau of the damned The shadow of the man you pretend you are Had a rough thought that got caught and went too far If I did have a car I'd go broke from the gas On the shoulder of the road As you roll past [Chorus][Eyedea] I been a lot of places and I've seen a lot of faces I don't miss none of them and they don't miss me Fell in love with sensation Now I'm high on mental piation But that's the price you pay if you want to live free Kill my dedication Put me on your medication Drop me off in space and never come to get me Nothing that I say has ever been that amazing So when I die do me a favor and forget me (forget me.. x7) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jake One f/ Posdnuos (De La Soul), Slug (Atmosphere) Album: White Van Music Song: Oh Really Typed by: PDog1217@aol.com [Verse 1 - Posdnuos] They say in the last days the father's own child goin to come Ain't no side of him yet, I think he's on the run 'Til then the party don't stop, 'til the sun Swallowed a shot of Play Hard, now I'm numb So loose and ready to spaz over the drum Give 'em the full sum, so this genera-tion! Don't ever front on the Plug One Oddball out of the bunch but still ball with the best of 'em Been a pop off play to a U-G-K like Pimp and Bun And when I'm somewhere in between, still second to none When I'm somewhere off the scene, I'm off wreckin your hun He majored in thumb sucking, without usin a thumb I'm here to stun you, with the way I un-do, the mass thinkin, my career  is done 'Cause in the end, your goin to know (it's just begunnn!!) Head into the studio with the rhymes that's Homer spun Aim past the fame and shot the fortune in the leg, and you know he bled, shred in crumbs Swooped it up, fed some birds, put the rest in the vault, keep it up  into my lung Stop suckin in oxygen 'Til then I stay gold like Pony Boy (they young) [Verse 2 - Slug] So who's the flyest and who's the highest? And who spits the vitamins for kids to digest? Who's goin to be the star in the sky At the after party, With my bodyguards and my stylist? Kid, go get your nails and your hair did It's cool your American, you can blame your parents One big ringtone away from careless So turn up the bass 'til it makes you feel air sick Life is complex, I reflect But I ain't supposed to cry if I want to get respect The winner gets dinner yet who pays the check? The internet got us makin hits with people we ain't never met Log on and rock, rock on And we ain't goin to stop until these motherfuckin cops gone Hopped on the stove top, stirred up the pot wrong Got milk, got bombs, we ain't got long I'm goin to party like it's 19 - never mind And take it back to when today was a better time Before the rap game became a soup ghetto line Before the paper it was flavor like a pepper grind What? We download for the taste test Yep, 'cause we ain't tryin to waste a paycheck Used to be the tape decks, played the apex Now it's all safe sex with fake breasts (breasts ...) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: KRS-One & Buckshot f/ Slug Album: Survival Skills Song: We Made It Typed by: newos_crib_is@hotmail.com [KRS-One] + (Buckshot) Whoo (hahah), WE MADE IT! (We in here) We made it, uh WE HERE! WE HERE, WE RIGHT ON TOP! RIGHT ON TOP! Yeah! [Chorus: Slug] Not about what life gonna hand you Stepped up, got ready and ran through Made it this far, won't act brand new Way I feel, there's nothing I can't do [KRS-One] Congratulations you made it, you made it That's right, you self-created Out of millions of sperm cells, you made it You fertilized the egg man, you made it You made it first, then you made it through childbirth Then you made it home where you opened your eye first You made it, people happy that you made it They elated, you newly created, you made it First day of school, you made it First grade, second grade, third grade, fourth grade, you made it Into your teenage years man, you made it Your dreams, plans, life goals, you made it Wrote it down then you stated, I'm self-created All the right choices, you made it The money in your pocket, you made it You never waited, never hesitated Your magical life, you would never trade it for nothing, man you made it You highly favored, and flavored Man you made it ("I made it") [Chorus: Slug] + (Female) Not about what life gonna hand you Stepped up, got ready and ran through Made it this far, won't act brand new Way I feel, there's nothing I can't do (Not about what life gonna hand you  Stepped up, got ready and ran through  Made it this far, won't act brand new  Way I feel, there's nothing I can't do) [Slug] I made it, and didn't even know that I made it I was placed in a cycle of stress and self-hatred Self-medicated as a self-preservation Stayed sedated to kill the pain and frustration It's all related and these ain't complaints I'm just tryna take the blame for the time that I wasted Chasing after temporary validation Had to stretch my reach, I could barely break the chain's grip Freedom broke it, now the shoes fit Keep my focus on my people and my music Speak fluent, live and breathe through it and leave the foolishness for these too-cool-for-school kids Some don't want to see the truth to it So used to losing that we afraid of the movement It's all right, let the pride get boosted Even if you make it just to prove that you could do it [Buckshot] I work so hard to do it, Pop said "Do it!" Don't worry, people will rock to it So I do it for the ones who could not do it If it's done right, I did it, I run right through it I do it for the ones who might do it Later, or latter, it don't matter do it? I did it once and I'll do it again I got stuck on the way it got done when it was done with a pen I do it for them, I do it to win I get it done like a cooked cornish hen, I could go on again, so do it And I'll prove water is fluid When you step up, the rock is not a bluff, do it Huh, it don't matter if your mind's influenced I think not, cause I do it and y'all dying to do it So, if you do it, do it slow, only do it if you know what you're doing, if you don't, don't abuse it yo How many emcees do it? Too much to count But I do it for the bounce, move it And I'll show you what to move with If you ever question the it that I do get, now you do it! [KRS-One] WE MADE IT! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Living Legends f/ Slug Album: Almost Famous Song: Night Prowler Typed by: mikeykash@hotmail.com * * send corrections to the typist [Chorus](Slug) You don't know me but you'd like to Why'd you think I stood beside you? Not concerned with how this might fall Nature become prowl at nightfall (Grouch) When the sun begins to dim And eventually the day dies And the mood prepares to sway That's where another way lies Glow of the liquor store lights Set the scene for no rights Let's convene, discuss the scheme And hope it flows how we dream Tonight can make or break you if you let it Someone set it out for you to let it out Now don't regret it Get embedded to the back drop Positioned there with your cash crop Envision night as the last stop Don't miss the train It's time to gain, strain, aim, fire Blame, reign, fuck and then retire I'm liar past eleven, after one I'm on the run Till the sun comes up tomorrow I'm working, you're having fun Not too devious, but that's me Spontaneous if you ask me But then again, I'm blending in. (Sunspot) Step to the beat, walk to the beat Talk to the beat, live to the beat Rock to the beat, fuck to the beat Dance to the beat, pay to the beat Fight to the beat, you get l-l-lost to the beat Police walk the beat, kill to the beat Steel to the heat, terrorize kill no retreat Prowl to the beat, how did a V-O weak scandal oh spray vandal Walk the streets I hear footsteps on the streets Someone's following me on the streets Like racism on the streets Can't even have a new car on the streets Police prowl on the streets They got you sittin' on the streets Runnin' ya L's, what in the hell? Runnin' on tell, they see a black man they get scared as hell Like did somebody escape from jail You feel em' prowlin' when you walkin' Some rooms when you walk in like boom I wanna just break shit, I wanna re-create shit I wanna take shit you say and use it against you Act a damn fool like crackheads do Like your mama do [Chorus](Slug) You don't know me but you'd like to Why'd you think I stood beside you? Not concerned with how this might fall Nature become prowl at nightfall (Slug) Dusk, thus the beginning is on until dawn Trust regardless of the daily Really nothings wrong I'm still breathin' and here's another evening From the fortress I leave for my course of tonight's achievements There's no grievance in my pocket Just a couple of dollars, a pen and hopefully my wallet Because my man over here has got the hook up at the front door Long as my ID's right what more could they want for? Yeah we in there Like fluoride, off the wall on the left side A room full of pride, I'm consumed by the tune applied This fuckin' DJ is tight man I can already feel the minutes being added to my life span MC Lyte paper thin drink tickets from the staff Now it's time to make a friend and see if I can make her laugh Hey princess, I got a lot of dialog So I'm gonna line it up for you to get high and try to follow Light up another false sense of security Play a game of twenty questions You can test my purity And as the world comes down on me And as I go down on her night prowler (PSC) I'm out when the freaks come out Way after dusk After the time when the opening acts get they time to bust The nightshift I prowl and observe like the owl Surroundings minus the scowl Wise and well endowed In the mental! Well renowned Ghetto pass every town PSC! Nice 2 meet you, oh you know about this wow! Your ex-boyfriend showed you all about this how? Can I thank him for training such a beauty It fits my style Compliments exchanged Plus 5 dollars change Signed my name on the poster And I kept it in the holster like I'm supposed ta Now, what would you do in the clutch If you get a pussy hug after dusk? [Chorus](Slug) You don't know me but you'd like to Why'd you think I stood beside you? Not concerned with how this might fall Nature become prowl at nightfall The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Living Legends f/ Slug Album: Almost Famous Song: Nothing Less Typed by: Athensless@Hotmail.com "We are the music makers, and we are the dreamers of dreams, come along" Nothing Less, nothing less [Grouch] Well I bet you that I get the last laugh Bet you that my funerals packed And the tune you all blast is my crew's shit New shit or old it don't matter Bold I get swole in the zone where you gather I'm alone but together with the folks Not really knowing where I'm going But my goal's to provoke thoughts Devote lots, show some fools the ropes to hop Scope the top from above it Love it, then leave it alone I believe that I'm grown showing the way Owing the bay for going astray, now I'm blowing away Like that bag in American Beauty Truly blessed and nothing less [MURS] I'm nothing less than a criminal With minimal convictions Serving up my customers a hustler of the diction Crushing my afflictions, I'm sick in the mind Depends on how you ask And I can do anything depending on the task I tend to be on blast more often than not Between a rock and a hard place I soften my spot, talking a lot That's if my CD's get played But if that's not the case then I had nothing to say My crew been tight since we was up in the bay Been down for a while, now watch us As we take it, up and away Something to play when you're laying on back Felt the love when I wrote this So I know y'all feel what I'm saying on tracks [Chorus] - repeat 3X [Slug] The first step was birth Now forever cursed to analyze his self-worth The second step was belief He had to make that move before he even grew teeth The third step, respect awareness He could trip over the next step if he's careless That next step, number four, was love Can't touch it without stepping the other three above As he froze for a moment Ignoring the remaining ones He was approaching, focus stolen Looking down at his hands to see what he was holding Nothing, empty No choice but to keep going The fifth step felt like a misstep It was a re-evaluation of the first four The anxiety, fear of what it hurts for Caught in somewhere between the earths core And the first floor When he finally made it to step six He could no longer see it for what it is All of his views and family and life were askew Number six had been twisted by the previous two The last step, the seventh Was the only thing left that kept him outside of heaven One last breath and everything could be pleasant Life through death, man's final lesson [Sunspot Jonz] Nothing less, god bless the days I rest In this mess called life Trying to be the best for the best dressed Female, but she just brings hell In the wishing well, I drown pieces of my soul Born to rebel I'm the black James Dean of the underground Yelling at shows Like rallys in Cali, I blow rhyme under the trees Wanabees talk shit all day But don't got a tape to play Nothing genuine to say So they bite the next man Like they gonna make him the best man In this crusade the future looks black Like Taye Diggs' forehead We can't go ahead and let the whack break our spirit [Scarub] I know my expectations are high But I refuse to lay low No compromises only improvising From what I manifest in the mind Even though they say no I follow through if it's true You know those type of serious questions That are asked in a playful manner So if assumptions are wrong They can act like it's a joke? "What do you do for a living?" That's the words they spoke When they first heard that I wrote to stay alive While they work a 9 to 5 I work just as hard as you But got a different focus And while you focus on me I'm gonna be all that I am All of SIAM, while others run at the mouth With nothing to show I'ma use what I know, manipulating my flow From here to there I origami the situation from what is considered Unsuitable to something beautiful The outcome is legendary, and nothing less The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Molemen f/ MURS & Slug Album: The Killing Fields Song: My Alien Girlfriend Typed By: timm2014@hotmail.com [Chorus: Slug] The girl of my dreams, ain't from round here She don't care about the bullshit down here I wish you'd come back and save me lady Cause these earth women wanna make me crazy I try everyday to escape the world Fantasizing about my alien girl Look into the sky to find my love Because these earth women are too fucked up [Verse One: Slug] She was naked Standing over my bed It must be a dream Try to shake it from your head Six packs deep Not exact, but roughly Half asleep until she reached out and touched me She was ugly, but glorious divine No words needed, she spoke into my mind Didn't make a sound No need to She could read through  Every thought (I was see through) Grabbed my hand Led me to truth Traveled from far to the top of my roof She said she was one of two She came to Minneapolis  Her twin sister went to Los Angeles The plan was just to come find the Felts And they was thinkin' maybe MURS and myself could help She showed me how she came from a planet Where everybody took all of their passion for granted I tried to understand it But I'm a one track Starin' at her space tits, tryin' to hold me tongue back Didn't matter she could read my mind And you'd have to be blind not to see my crimes She caught on Well she's a quick learner Climbed aboard her mothership as more than an observer She said, "No" to the anal probe ("Drop it!") But she swallowed the specimen to digest and take home [Verse Two: MURS] She wore a lavender Velour space suit with gray boots Titanium O'Ryan diamond studded waist too Anti gravity bra Hug the breasts like it's supposed to A future 50,000 volt laser in the holster I approached her (shiiit) I mean I had to There's only two other guns in existance like that And I couldn't fight that Plus she was bad too But somehow you, she just looked the other way I held out my piece if she had a lot to say "Where'd you get it, how'd you get it, who'd you kill in what system?" I lit up a square, help my hand up, dismissed her Went to kiss her but she flipped it Grabbed my waist to try to get it I snatched her wrist, twisted, leaned to her ear and whispered "My boy Ant he theft it The safety genetic Anybody but me touch it and their hand will get shredded Make a move like that you won't live to regret it" She flipped me from my shoulders had the conversation deaded I said "BITCH What are you smokin'?" A big fat dick comin' from the Pleiades Don't make me fill your ass up with 50,000 z's of electricity Bitch, I found my enemies You need to recognize a G She started chastising me Dissed my whole galaxy And the dudes that I roll with Playin' the polar caps, she was one cold bitch The whole bar was watchin' couldn't go for that shit She paid for her drink then she headed for the door Left me no choice I had to fire from the floor En fuego I mean the bitch went day glow And vaporized into a pile of ash in a flash About the size of an egg roll And ayo I know we just met and it could have been love But the bottom line is Never let a bitch disrespect you in the club "Drop it" - Public Enemy Peace The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Molemen f/ Aesop Rock, MF Doom, Slug Album: Ritual of the Molemen Song: Put Your Quarter Up Typed by: Nature2QBC@aol.com "Trapped in a deadly video game..." [GZA] 7x "...with just one man" [GZA] [Slug] Put your quarter up I got first (Sluggo) And I'm the type of customer that orders the works Not the same as any, I run the game of plenty I buy my nickels from a dime who goes by the name of Penny The Last Starfighter searching for the Starfucker The drunk parallel parker, thank God for car bumpers Another day, shot in the head and buried While your wifey tries to convince me that she shouldn't have got married From the Galagga bugs to the amateur thugs To the punk rock chicks that can't handle my hugs I'll be standin upon the web, born out of a thought Where the spider makes her bed out of the carcasses she caught Aiyyo she's got that good hair, me I got dandruff She wears a smile, and me I wear handcuffs Yo wait a minute savior, how about a little truth You couldn't save yourself if you had a cape and a phonebooth The roof is on fire, the floor is underwater The fish ignored the bait and ate the bobber And as God hovers up above the highway and the chopper I'm down here writing songs for her daughter (Is that your quarter?) "Trapped in a deadly video game..." [3x] "...with just one man" [Aesop Rock] Put your quarter up, brother My underhanded summerjam escape with a free game in my back pocket The ego and the muddy gear lept clear off the concrete valley To murder silhouettes with a budget that have me bummin cigarettes My soul stuck in a mudpit absorbing anchors With a wash ink water stick and bop great venoms Caught it at the dog door by a sideways phantom With a swift attitude problem Knuckling up with a carbon-based common guarding goblin I'm drowsy Who drifted by the lousy Virgin Mary night light luminants That blew a kiss to sin Witness that count me but just couldn't afford the bounty I'll do the deed myself before the second leaping sheep Even got counted Multiple tasking, drastic unsocialable captain gasping Jake asked me to grate bashing open the plastic backspins Strapped with a plague and a cocktail napkin Wrapped in oragami dragon fashion Flashed in a effort to smash your pattern Better magnanimous To sail a little on this ancient foundation They found na-tions running bases for nickeltips Coordinate the zoning and the speed is trickle drip south I'll skip town once these upright citizens sit down "Trapped in a deadly video game" [MF Doom] Uh, yo I go next, put your quarter up For bets, put your daughter up MF is sure to corrupt Not to be confused with the fake ?fly raw sound? Still the one who used to take your high score down With more rhymes and germs to spit, more carry As I fly through the air like Pitfall Harry Shit y'al fairies take a loss like Swolodon This goes out to man, woman, and child from Robotron Before the end, I save the world like the Fiddler It's no for curling up to Hurl for my bender Like back when you last five member went to ween More likely on like twenty rounds of Centipede If it go fast or slow, no mattering The flow down pat like the whole Acro pattern Those need to learn the technique, take heed note And switch like Spy Hunter when he *psst* to the speedboat The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: P.O.S. Album: Audition Song: The Bleeding Hearts Club (MPLS Chapter) Typed by: jetairliner@gmail.com [P.O.S.] It's been a bit; you look a little sick You got the vibe of a ghost and I'm not equipped But I can host, or I can drive And a ride might be right, just hit the gas and crash Tonight, must have been a beast I bet you still rock a sweater in the heat, right? And you can stand like it's not that bad But I only hear from you when it is, and you know that [Slug] My agenda is pure, I'm sure you remember The dialogue that occured, I would render The whole campus blue If it was just another blender to manage through Guess it depends on the day to day Most days I don't even wanna see your face Don't say that you don't need love; it's old Act tough but your blood's exposed [Chorus - Slug] I like the way you comb your hair And I love them stylish clothes you wear You've got some lights you're down to share It seems as if you want to care Good luck; the game you play ain't fair Still stuck on why you standin' there We'll keep your name inside the prayer Tear down that self-made cross you bear [P.O.S.] I've been your ride the last few years I've seen you through when no one's there I finally get why that's the case We let the liar lie in wake Up, it don't deserve my sleep And I can't catch a wink 'til you stop, 'til you think 'til you're clean, 'til you quit, 'til you're done This is it; I'm at the end of my rope You're at the end of your wick [Slug] Midday with your bright stage light and your Mistakes, more weight and the frame might Give way to the offbeat dance 'til the City and the concrete cracks in here I still watch you 'cause I believe There's somethin' true beind your teeth It's in them secrets that you keep Fish outta water trying to breathe [Chorus - Slug] I like the way you comb your hair And I love them stylish clothes you wear You've got some lights you're down to share It seems as if you want to care Good luck; the game you play ain't fair Still stuck on why you standin' there We'll keep your name inside the prayer Tear down that self-made cross you bear [Slug] Bear with me, it's wrong to stare But somehow I'm on it like it's what you wanted Now I'm here, whistlin' a song and tears Might fall on a pair of distracted ears Are you, listenin' it's the sound of toy hancuffs And another voice you can't trust Disrupt the self destruct Waitin' for the ball to hit the ground Just to watch it bounce up [P.O.S.] Up, and down the same steps We've both have climbed that bind and connect us I still feel the itch sometimes, but it lets up You scratch 'til you bleed; you bleed just to prove life So you can see it with your own two But it's mixed with a mess and it's not you Can you hear me past the heartbeat? Or do you only know I care when our eyes meet? [Chorus - Slug] I like the way you comb your hair And I love them stylish clothes you wear You've got some lights you're down to share It seems as if you want to care Good luck; the game you play ain't fair Still stuck on why you standin' there We'll keep your name inside the prayer Tear down that self-made cross you bear The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: P.O.S. f/ Slug Album: Audition Song: Bush-League Psych-Out Stuff Typed by: sensative_new_age_guy@hotmail.com [Intro: Slug] Auditon? Yeah I got this... Yeah I was at your show Yeah... No I mean no I didn't like it No I'm just saying I was there And a... Doomtree! You suck ha ha ha... Alright... Cecil Otter, P.O.S., Sims Dessa, whatever the fuck she calls herself Paper Tiger, Swedish name for a Japanese punk band Joe Mavin, you look like Alanis Morissette [Verse 1: Slug] Sometimes I feel like a bastard surrounded by fathers Fasioning themselves to resemble action figures Passing opinions across the pasture like we asked you Like we have to have your last pieces gathered, like it even matters Like we're trying to climb this ladder a little bit faster Like I'd rather let the captain lead us into disaster (crash) Like the bladder never adapted to laughter Like I won't be the first rapper thats sent to your plaster casters And after the new dawn is gone My name is Sean, out on a lawn(?) Put my songs in these coupons I lost my soul and watched it drip down her futon I lost my gardens(?) out of a bush that sprouts snook bombs Now I'm looking for a word that don't exist To help disrout this selfish pride that I hide inside this fist We've arrived to loosen up this noose that keeps us lifted And rip these stictches while I introduce this piece of... [Verse 2: P.O.S.] Yeah stand back (stand back) Let me be the target, let your bullett hit, I'll handle that Let me see you flex aggressive ignorance, see half these cats Stagger like the simple common sense to put one foot before the other Hop, trip, slip Slid into home base base like you planned rehearse Some kind of celebration dance, you got tagged at first And kept running Jumping the gun for what you got coming Homie no handout's til' the pitcher hits you Your acting like your stitches rippin' I got nothing but what my crew and open folks are bumpin' Trustin' their trust and feeling bastard for trusting their trust So fuck it, everything else gets tugged under rugs Til' I get something like a crowd of cats mumbling my words Show me some heart, let me tug (Slug: Give me a pound or a hug) Hear the sound like a drug homie Just free-based beats, life's cheap If you live it right, right? If the words are tight, might Bright the head in the dark, kill the night ride(?) [verse 3: Slug] Stand back, no piggy backing with the mad mats A mini apple road warrior give me that hand clap From the hash back to amtrack to aircraft Ransacked every city that the kids be at, the furgomack Jumping hurdles that you carried in your back pack The love curdles at the match books last act Licking the stamps back just for physical flashbacks The times of writing rhymes to get my cats and my plants back They tell me I deserve to be happy, now doesn't seem valid 'Til we get rid of half of How many are doing nothing but sucking on flavours? I'm try'na edit the credits while their critiquing the trailers So I'mma rant like theres something to say Making up my own dance I'mma do it this way (watch me) And I'mma try and take it all around the world (While I'm out on tour keep your hand off my girl!) [Verse 4: P.O.S.] Sometimes I feel like the bastard son Oh where the fucks my father Like a shattered shoulder Like the chick got smashed off my class at the door with my shoes and my coat So now I'm here again, I brought the clown, we came to rock the boat I hold you down, you set them up I'll set the bar and drive around We'll let your style do the knocking, here's a pen go to town Paint it with big broad strokes, I'll study your path And hope your pride can take a joke when I say its dope with earcoats and laugh Man I'm pleased to shit the ass How can I add you up, devide your crew and still be horrible at math? Now answer that and stay fasionable (just try it) Go bash the bricks and stomp them ? kid the princess still ain't at this castle Mr Of Course, the youngster hoarse from screaming on him But shit, I toss the lozange quick and drop my fullbacks(?) on him Turning teens into fiends from the beats to the bear hugs I got the stuff to get some buying up the ear plugs [Outro: Slug] (Close up your ears... Close up your whole face... This will melt your brain... Oozing Oooo no... I wouldn't go outside looking like that... Ohhh dear...) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Rhymesayers Crew Album: Headshots 5 - Industrial Warfare Song: Substance Abuse Typed by: bknown1@yahoo.com * * send corrections to the typist [Spawn] When you die what you own on Earth won't be coming with you So all that fat shit you've got, I ain't trippin that ain't an issue If you've got vibes, on a cool level we can talk but if you live lies Through material-fertilized eyes and fantasize then walk I use my vocals like chalk to sketch the picture you can see it See unfold what I thought in my mind when I free it Did the swallow get caught? Yo does your throat feel tight? Do you see what can happen when Atmosphere grabs the mic? Just a word for you its funny and I think you caught its fever All that shit you watch on tv has made you a believer You don't have to like me bitch, cuz I don't really like you either I don't care if you're rich, I had your girl, and I'm a leave her Word I'm eager, to disrespect the petty thoughts of many reps As I take steps and climb and leave footprints on your mind I've designed my own lifestyle words and vowels instead of "rifals" And hang out with rhymepals who tower like the "Eiffel" [talking for eight bars] Chorus[all]: A lot of things change and somethings don't A lot of people fall off and some say they won't That's right (That's right) x2 Cuz we'll fuck up your life like a crack pipe [Extreme] It's the TC's original b-boy Extreme So when a nigga calls next you better pick your team I hit the seam like doublestitch, twitch and get bent A Rhymesayer nothing less than one hundred percent You cats are far from inventive, cool and calm I destruct an angled emcee before the touch of dawn My wand be makin niggaz go "poof" with smoke Nothing left but adidas, X ain't no joke I'm not out to get the quote of the month Fuck a stunt I'd rather grab the microphone and give you what you want Opposite of a flaunt cuz my shits bang hard Yeah you bust but I'm black jack you pulled the wrong card There may be one too many I give you plenty like excessive If you're wack and grab the mic you end up in a state of depressive- -Ness yes, couldn't pass the test with a calculator Rhymes like piranha, beat designed by the ANTinator Hater never, I just wait till you're tired And then I give your ass a ticket cuz that last shit's expired Better yet tired, cuz your position's been terminated Wack niggaz bug me like pests and get exterminated [Slug] (Yo Yo Yo) Wanted to see if it was alive, started poking it (All:Pokin it!) How could it survive when you're chokin it? (All:Chokin it!) When I can get a firm grip, I'm holdin it (All: Holdin it!) And when I'm broke, I wear my girls deodorant [laughs] Wait, did I say my girl, I meant my pimp Cuz she's the one with the money, and she walks with a limp And honey, if you wanna purr you gotta register with her Cuz she gets ninety five percent before any events occur Sir, your self-imploding ego is adorable Word, but your immature stee-lo is ignorable I don't know, maybe I'm just getting too old to flow How much more must I invent before you seek retirement? Repent and tell God that you feel shitty bout your actions Bent in the back and I can only blame my passions Well rounded relapses kept me at a fraction When the wind died I found myself spread across the Tascam How much thought did you put into that verse you brought? What made you think I wasn't gonna mock? Put a fucking tube sock In that hole because I think it started to leak Take two dicks and call me in a week [Chorus] - 2X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Sage Francis f/ Brother Ali, Slug Album: Sickly Business Song: Doomage (Damage Remix) Typed by: JonGardner187@hotmail.com [Brother Ali] Damage, uh, damage, uh (4x) Y'all know good and goddamn well You're fucking with a brother who ain't never had his hand held and never seemed passed out Rolling baby strollers over broken floating bottles In a shredded forest with a dying shred of hope inside you For this respect, I sweated and bled and have yet to be discredited by what a critic ever said "We're unaware of his racial make-up we know he's an albino but can't science the face up!" Never question what I am G-O-D knows if you don't, you can never understand so you need only know that I'm unrelenting Nothing breaking, never ending, seldom bending Cast shadows like light descending Must not discuss divorce with the case still pending, but I got some shit to tell you on my next record for now, we and Sage Francis connected and did-- (*whispers*) Damage, uh (repeated) [Slug] Wrote this one a couple days after Christmas 'Hope' is one struggled game thats persistent 0 plus 1 2, for Self, no assistance Pistol clear before this new year existed Somebody get the door Fuck it, let 'em snore It's all been said before buried in a metaphor Lucy is hip-hop, and Jacob's a prince Sean is an old man, and Slug is a PIMP now They say I'm buggin, because of the way I love 'em Nervous, cause I know I'll never make the perfect husband What, they treat me like LL for art fucks They hang out and argue about my clown thought and *snort rocks* The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Unknown Prophets f/ Slug Album: World Premier Song: Never Typed by: charliearmstrong@hotmail.com In this life time you don't have to proove nothing to nobody except yourself And after what you've gone through if you havn't done that by now It ain't gonna never happen Yo, hey y'all I'm never what you'd expect me to be Clever like that just when you cats think you know me Never let the negativity hold or stop me Never forget all this what hip-hop has taught me And even though the Prophets might never get signed Never drop a video or go platinum with the rhymes It'll be cool just to knowin that we've touched a few and rocked the mic with some of the dopest emcees too You'll never catch jas giving anything less than my all And I'll forever be with Madsun until the day I fall I'll never be as dope as you dawg but I can live with that You'll always get love from me but you;ll never give it back I'll never see a million dollars in this life time And you'll never be blessed to have a woman quite like mine To gain respect is a never endin journey 'Cos I'll always be Jes and I guess I'm never worthy Never could my voice lay down and die Gimme one good eye to see my influence fly Forever I'll try to win genuine smiles 'Cos I've planted my style across a million miles I've never turned my back on the heads I entrap Mic check, need a breath keep a step on the path Never loose sight of what this is to me And how it helps my plight to let everyone else see I'll never go out of my way to hold you back I'm just here to make your head rock maybe make your shoes tap And with some luck maybe I can stuck within your memory remember me the one that does give a --what-- [Chorus: repeat 2X] I will never be you and you will never be me But I'm like whatever we can work together and see And all we need is the sun and some water for this tree And we can all get free even I can get free And yo I'll never forget those that always believed And the ones who gave us R-E-S-P-E-C-T Yo I'll never be the MC that you want me to be There'll always be something I do or sayin that you won't agree Thats my individuality o-riginality Even though some of y'all get pissed off and mad at me Never forget my family or where I'm from And never blame others for the wrong I've done Yo I'll never hold a grudge I say peace and show love Never believe one day i'd be rhymin with Slug Never know the abilities that you posess Til you find yourself and lay all assumptions to rest I'll never stop writing when theres no ink left It'll never stop flowing even when theres no breath And I'll never find the words that describe my mind Yo I'll never stop looking I'll never stop trying Better believe I'll never be the best work worker Instead I use the soul and take the flo further I never rhyme about guns, selling drugs or murder Sooner see a future of flippin' burgers I'll never forget about the city that raised me The women I've chased and the cops that have chased me The people that pushed me to become who I am And everyone that came to the jam --like damn-- I'll never be the freshest Never be the dopest even though sometimes its hopeless I'll never loose focus I'll never be afraid to show the depth of my emotions Theres a side of me thats deeper than the belly of the ocean I'll never be the smartest Never be the brightest I'll never be the hardest never be the tightest On the mic I'll be just your average joe never more But I been more dedicated than ever before I never give up Never call it quits You can never hold me down and I never did like you fool around I never, kife for me ain't never been easy y'all believe me I try to keep possitive no matter the weather and no matter what I'll never say never The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Vakill Album: The Darkest Cloude Song: Fallen Typed by: Ikon-the-hologram@sbcglobal.net [Vakill] I was the nicest for at least the last six months Single went dope, got heavy rotation from Funk Flex and didnt have to ask Stick once Penned flows that was most quoted Kept the toast loaded for magazine critics incase the alleged niggaz ghostwrote it Spit with the armored fist And for a list had no escape route from the slums so round it became an orifice Now I'm eating good and pushing whips Problem is, I'm pussy whipped by a bitch that dropped me same time the label did Album sells wasn't well, no reach quota So my foundation which was once mentally and financially stable slid Traumas all, was on alchohol plus I done acid Put every egg into one basket Now my mind rages cause imposters of label reps getting gun blasted Won passed it Fuck it, one life, one love, one casket Wound up at the CEO office and blow his flesh of his chest And left that nigga slumped on his office desk My mouth wasn't built to handle rejection (I'm Fallen) You only fucking with, answer the question (I'm Fallen) Fuck trying to reason with logic Reason with this sixteen shot cartridge holding a label hostage [Slug] How many are dead? How many gain pieces does he have now? (two, one woman and one man) Now here we go again Another day trying to defend a belief Time to make friends with the beast How many guns he got? Only one's been shot Let me see his demands And a copy of the foreplans Whats the odds of suicidal? Let's try to get him on the horn And inform him of my arrival N-n-n-n-n-no no vest I'm going in soft If he's gonna take my head off then he's gotta take my head off Now what's his name? Does he have a family? What's his background? Did he pick the place randomly? Get his girl on the phone Locate his mom (Move, move, move people now, now) We're dealing with a time bomb And I'mma take it through the front door Look him in the eyes See if we can make this grown man cry V: Lets sway my options, and put in perspective my postition Stop the mission It's a straight shot to prison without a pot to piss in Fuck the negotiating, I don't expect for you cops to listen You probably setting me up to get shot by a sharpshooter from the SWAT devision Tell them bitches I won't be that easily overthrown I know they're listening in on your mobile phone You don't know my pain, you're probably living like a king on some noble throne In the suburbs with a fucking Camero and a mobile home All I want is my deal back But the A&R stays put, in turn, I'll give you the intern S: What's the catch V: I want an even bigger deal No funny shit cause I'm holding the trigger's steel and I'll drop this bitch faster than Jigga did to Mil S: Alright I hear you But still it's my responsibility To guarentee these hostages are walking out of here with me Your everything is on their safety V: Yo Fuck, that S: Yo, no way around that We've got the place surrounded So what's your call kid Your move, whatchya gonna do? You've gotta face the truth (Wait I've gotta face the truth) Cause the more I toss it all around my head The more I feel Everything that you said Alright so here's the fucking deal Gimme the intern Let the A&R burn And as far as I'm concerned this meeting is adjurned The woman and I, we're about to walk out that door Here's a handshake soldier cause we both won the war A&R: Wait, Wait, what are you leaving for its your job Come back here V: Naw, fuck that A&R: Wait, wait we can think this up now cause- V: Naw, fuck that, fuck you [Vakill] How can you reason with the brain savagely ripped from it's humane frame Gave sweat, tears, and slit a main vain Now I aim flame and squeeze out a vengeance for every career the industry ruined 4,080 in this fucked up game playing Open ya mouth foul bitch Cause now I got this 40-cal-inch *gunshot* for you to tussle I keep bullets for every artist that signed a loud pitch Funny sometimes I fast fake and take a tumultuous twist in life's style switch I don't know what world beyond this lies But I can see my future, not just career through Ganda's eyes Once I let this slug out, I struck out Nevermind my side of the playing field till I was underneath the dugout No matters, what could possibly be worse Unless that somehow the tables was reversed I know the Jakes is coming and I can't wait to let this heat burst I'ma kill everybody And just to prove that I ain't bullshitting I'ma start with me first *gunshot* 