Artist: B.o.B Album: Who The F#*k Is B.o.B? Song: B.o.B Intro Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [B.o.B] Who the fuck, is Bob? Who the fuck is Bob? {*2X*} That is the question, that I'm pretty sure everybody who has this, CD on right now, is askin Just who the fuck IS Bob? Y'know, when I really got into Bob I heard "Cloud 9" or I heard "Haterz," or I heard "Grip Yo' Body" with Amy Winehouse or I y'know I checked MySpace every day or y'know I heard "I'll Be in the Sky" I heard he was on TIP's album, I heard he signed with Grand Hustle WHO THE FUCK IS THIS GUY~?! And why does his name keep poppin up? And why do I catch his name, in my mouth all the time? No homo But, y'know, I just really wanna introduce myself, y'know I go by Bobby Ray - that's my name That's what you can call me if you feel like it or you can call me B.o.B or Bob; anyway, look I'm not even gonna get into it FULLY, not yet! That's why we have this mixtape So without further adieu, I introduce to you "Who The Fuck Is B.o.B?" MLK, DJ Scream, DJ Spin, let's... Artist: B.o.B f/ T.I. Album: Who The F#*k Is B.o.B? Song: I'm Dat Nigga Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Chorus: repeat 4X] Ain't I clean? That machine, super cool, super mean I'm that nigga, I'm that nigga, I'm that nigga, I'm that nigga [T.I.] Mega pimp, super clean, the coolest in the universe Niggas hating on what he doing just mad cause they ain't do it first His name pop up when you hit play or on your Google search Bitches bow they head and bend they knees just like they do in church Drop dough into her purse before you get into her skirt She agree to do the work before she get into the vert 'Til my pine box drop down into the dirt I'ma be by far the hottest nigga known to the Earth In the air, I fly, can't compare my swagger to another rapper don't you dare try Anyone with a pair of eyes can look and see No legacy'll ever be next to me or near by Though I invite you all to try, ay I'm a fair guy Just approach with caution, be aware because I don't share my throne - my crown I own Hottest flow on any song, I'm on, I'm gone nigga {I'm that nigga, I'm that nigga, I'm that nigga, I'm that nigga} [T.I. - over Chorus] Hey! B.o.B, you up next, baby Hey! Grand Hustle, nigga If I ain't the hottest nigga on the universe I guess I'll have to do until he get here nigga (Here I go!) Hey call me a liar nigga Yeah~! [B.o.B] Ay y'all Tip 'bout to be mad at me Because I'm about to take the crown, the throne, and the ring Well I just take the throne, the jewelry I don't have to keep But still watch my +Grand Hustle+ on my {?} Beat you to the hole, dunk, and have you lookin at my feet Tip's like "The audacity of this nigga to just be challengin me!" Well you may rap on the beat but nigga I be attackin the beat Straight pull out a bat, pull out a gat and tat tat on the beat So where's the beef, I kill the producer and the track when I speak Tip are you gettin head from this track or are you masturbating? Why am I rappin these things? Because I have to be seen Cause my nuts is so big they be saggin my jeans This beat is done, stick a fork in it If you were goin against me it'd be unfortunate Either that or you'd get scared and you'd just forfeit it I ejaculate on the track, so there, there's an orphange {I'm that nigga, I'm that nigga, I'm that nigga, I'm that nigga} [Outro: T.I.] + (B.o.B) Okay, you got that (I'm gone, mayne) I kinda, I kinda feel like I got you, man) Hehehe (I had to kinda show you up, man) (I ain't wanna make you look bad, really, honestly) Ay, man, aye man Ay man that laughin, that laugh is natural Because I'm literally amused by your sentiment I mean y'know if you really feel that, know what I'm sayin That the likes of the second verse Could even slightly compare with the With the immaculate of the first verse (hahaha) Then I must take a chuckle... ha ha ha ha~! You know what I'm saying, but never no mind (We can have 'em blog about it!) Absolutely, man, I'll let you guys be the judge (You know you gonna do it anyway, fuck it) B.o.B or T.I.P. y'knahmsayin man you be the judge dawg) (Which could be the better acronym for the song) But you know what though, either way it's Grand Hustle Artist: B.o.B. Album: Who The F#*k Is B.o.B.? Song: Generation Lost Typed by: timm2014@hotmail.com Intro: (Turbulence. Can you feel? Turbulence) Okay. (Can you feel?) I need to spit something real for a second y'all. (Turbulence) Just bare with me. Listen. (Can you feel? Turbulence.) Verse One: Skull and crossbones and death bandannas A liquor store on every corner in Atlanta Cops ridin' around tossin' niggas in the slammer Tell me what's wrong I could really use some answers Now-a-days everybody wants to be a rapper About two years ago everybody was a trapper Obviously, money is what everybody's after Cause slavery ain't change It's a modern day disaster Now these are my words from me to you Everything you do from your shades to your shoes From your chains to your Coupe Came from the tube Trust me I would know I was raised on it too Okay, now just let me get your attention I'ma turn the tables so you don't get defensive I'ma put my bullshit aside for a second Cause I can't be fake Cause God won't let me I used to wear a grill Because it was the trend Not because I liked it I just wanted to fit in Then I got "Eastside" tatted on my skin And I tried to get dreads but my hair was too big But I was lost I ain't know who I was What else was there to do besides look like a thug So in my senior year at Columbia High I dropped out of high school and I got signed B.o.B. was the name I ain't like Bobby Ray cause I was ashamed But you can call me Bobby Ray from this day forth  And I could give a damn about the fame and fortune Honestly I don't even listen to rap Cause when I turn the radio on, out comes crap And if you make good music that's okay But on the radio, that they don't play It's easy to see we created a beast Cause everybody wants to hear what they don't need And now all the rappers got to struggle to give you That bullshit music so they can continue To live The position that I'm in  Is quite an interesting predicament I admit But you can count on me cause I'm refusing to give in Cause I'ma give you music cause we need it to exist Bitch So I'ma play my guitar Rap about aliens and sing about stars Till you understand that's what we are So we ain't got to struggle no more so we don't starve I swear to God I love you with every bar We all got problems that need to be solved So while I got the mic I'ma speak my thoughts And I'ma keep it real till the day I fall Artist: B.o.B Album: Who The F#*k Is B.o.B? Song: There It Is Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro] Are you serious? {"DJ SCREAM!"} Okay, envision this~! Hmm [B.o.B] Look, picture me leanin Black on black in the Charger I'm creepin Rub me the right way, you might get a genie B.o.B, black Houdini But this is not magic, you actually seen this Glide up the street like a broom I'm sweepin And I see no reason to give the game back, I'm selfish, I'm keepin {*AIR HORNS INTERRUPT*} [DJ Spinz] DJ Spins, Mr. Southern Swagger Hello my nigga MLK, DJ Scream And we present to you One of the hottest young niggaz out the Decatur streets My nigga B.o.B Get 'em! [B.o.B] Look, picture me leanin Black on black in the Charger I'm creepin Rub me the right way, you might get a genie B.o.B, black Houdini But this is not magic, you actually seen this Glide up the street like a broom I'm sweepin And I see no reason to give the game back, I'm selfish, I'm keepin And on this mic, I'm a devil I'm a demon Hemp Squad on deck, and several bitches screamin "SKUUUUU!" Believe me Eastside, me high On some stuff you couldn't get without a budget But I got ten of those - so fuck it~! But that's a long subject So let's get back to how the boy does it When I pull up at the red light, e'rybody like Yeahhh - there it is And when I pull up at the BB, e'rybody like Yeahhh - there it is And when I'm ridin through your neighborhood, e'rybody like Yeahhh - there it is No matter where I go, ain't gotta say my name, they like Yeahhh - there it is {"HOOD RICH!" *echoes*} [B.o.B] Oh oh okay they must not know So let me introduce myself, yes I'm B to the O to the B to the O to the B to the O B, Eastside's where I'm from, Candler Road (Eastside!!) Huh, so as the story is told I grew up in the hood so I struggled at home Struggled bein broke, still grew up and rose to the status where I'm at, with B. Rich on a boat And swag still with me, Hemp Squad you know And when we at our shows girls throw us they clothes So I don't care what you do with the hoe She a freak so she know what to do with a pole! And I ain't sayin that's the usual code But you know girls, they do what they doe I mean they do what they do And Trey said show 'em what my music can do [B.o.B] Ha! Back again back again Ridin Funkadelic, folk ask about my rims Like "B.o.B - are those 10's?" Matter fact, you backwards nigga, add 'em up again Plus 20, that's 30 (30?) Uhh, yeah, you heard me! And I know that's kinda big But I'm a big nigga so I'm on that kind of shit And this song I just knocked it out B.o.B, Hemp Squad, I'm clockin out Artist: B.o.B Album: Who The F#*k Is B.o.B? Song: Double Bubble Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro] This shit right here is strictly for my niggaz ridin down Glenwood {DJ Scream - hood rich bitch!} My niggaz on Mooreland Av, Boulder Cris You got six 12's in the trunk nigga this shit for you Let's go (hood rich hoe) Well baby girl was lookin at my ride So I guess I'ma have to put her up inside She was with you first now she's sittin by my side This is what happens every time I drive by When I'm in that double bubble They give me double bubble When I'm in that double bubble They give me double bubble; yeah!! [B.o.B] They see my whip and be like "That's a mean motherfucker" Smothered in cream, make her melt like butter But I don't speak, I throw up the Eastside that mean WHATTUP? Come in LZ, so put your system on 'Shut Up' I hit the scene, real clean like scrub dum dum They can't compete, they speakers bust the fuck My kick got beat, they kicks be scuffed up They beat, just fluff fluff, they weak and scrubbed up They be like, "Who that is? Can you turn that down?" Cause they say I got too many 15's in my ride And the Alpine is vibratin they booty chest and thighs So, girls be gettin juicy, wet when they get inside Artist: B.o.B Album: Who The F#*k Is B.o.B? Song: B.o.B Checking In Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [B.o.B] Look, check this out This right here is "Who The Fuck Is Bob?" for all my people who are just tunin in What's happenin? Me, you know I got in the game, two thousand ahhhhh six Two thousand seven y'know whatever~! It it doesn't really matter But the fact is that I'm here I'm right here right now and you're listening to my great excellent voice If I do say so my-SELF~! Rebel Rock, Grand Hustle is in the building B-Rich, what's happening? Playboy Tre, what's happening? TJ, what's happening? Jim Jonsin, what's happening? Doug, JG, TIP, what's happening? PSC, what's happening? L.A., WHAT'S HAPPENING? A-T-L WHAT'S HAPPENING? This is B.o.B checking IN!!! O-KAY?!?! I DON'T THINK YOU UNDERSTAND ME! THIS IS BOBBY RRRRAY CHECKING IN CHECKIN IN ON THAT MIXTAPE FROM THE FUTURE THIS IS A MIXTAPE FROM DA FU-CHA!!!!!! Artist: B.o.B Album: Who The F#*k Is B.o.B? Song: I'll Be in the Sky Typed by: timm2014@hotmail.com I'll be in the sky I'll be there Ooh all right [x2] I'll be in the sky Yeah yeah yeah Yeah yeah yeah Yeah I'll be in the sky [x2] [Verse One] Remember when I leave That the one in the mirror ain't me Its just someone that I call B.o.B Its kinda me but it's not It's just a mask that I got So that I can rap and get off my block Reminiscin' my past when I was a toddler Sittin' in grass and playin with blocks To failing my classes now I'm on lock down Now writin' and readin' a lot Money and weed is in my shoe box now While I'm tryna get me a glock Cause I thought I was at the end of my line Then I find out it was all in my mind That's why I'm here to end all the fear We all gon' die and leave from here like [Bridge] I was a man with no name Now I'm attributing mo' fame But all of this ain't gonna matter when I die  And say good bye so long Sianara I'll have to catch you tomorrow baby  Cause baby I'll be in the sky I'll be there Ooh all right [x2] I'll be in the sky Yeah yeah yeah Yeah yeah yeah Yeah I'll be in the sky [x2] [Verse Two] Everyone here gonna die one day So while I'm here I'ma find my way That's my forte That's why I'm here To open up your ear And speak this real Beatin' down the block with a tooth The gold teeth don't really match with the suit Now-a-days folk would rather rap than go to school Cause they feel that if they black then they gotta have a tool But it don't really seem that bad After all everybody wanna kick back They wanna sip 'gnac They wanna sip Goose They wanna get down They wanna get loose They wanna get blowed They wanna see the truth They wanna get old just like you But since they ain't nobody gon be responsible I'ma gonna have to be the one to show [Bridge] I'll be in the sky I'll be there Ooh all right [x2] I'll be in the sky Yeah yeah yeah Yeah yeah yeah Yeah I'll be in the sky [x2] I,ll be there Ooh all right I,ll be there [x4] Artist: B.o.B Album: Who The F#*k Is B.o.B? Song: Service With a Smile Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro] M, L, K; he's on deck now The rich bitch, hood rich What's hood? {*2X*} {*DJ SCREAM*} What's happenin? [Chorus One] Yes she's got the spirit, I say I say I say Yes she's got the spirit, becau-because she gave me service with a smile {*3X*} She gave me service, talkin that dome that dome {*MAN.. RUN THAT SHIT BACK*} [DJ Scream] Shouts out to TJ Chapman Shouts out to B. Rich (yo man, what's hood?) Shay T and Dolla DP whattup? Shouts to Clint! [Chorus One] [DJ Scream - talking over Chorus One] Shouts to homey T.I.P. All ground scheme {DJ SCREAM} [Chorus Two] Yeah she got that holy ghost (aw man) that holy ghost (down) She got that holy ghost (aw man) that holy ghost (down) She got that holy ghost (aw man) that holy ghost (down) She got that holy ghost (aw man) that holy ghost (down) {*"HOOD RICH" echoes*} [B.o.B] Man, look at that baby right there (whassup?) She just a swingin her hair (whassup?) She playin games no fair (hey now) I throw it at bone, dat bone (fo'sho!) No I ain't playin no games (hell naw) I just be spittin that slang (oh yeah) Some of you may call it game cause I'm here to use her brain She's so delightful and nice now Plus she does it so politely She knows she better not bite me I tell her come over right now Cause I want some of that fire Don't make a nigga have to fight ya And I pull my pipe out And she smile and slide down [Interlude] I want a milkshake with that, and head is on the side I heard you're not like them others, I heard you got that vibe I want a milkshake with that (service) and head is on the side (Service service) service with a smile She gave me service with a smile [Chorus One] + [Chorus Two] [B.o.B] Girl I'm comin over So we can blow an O (fo'sho) And if you ain't gon' serve then I'm goin home (goodbye~!) No I ain't no monster I just like some dome (c'mon) It's healthy for your jawbones They'll be nice and strong Let's skip the chitchat and let's get back to the room baby And feel on my six pack while I dig that in your womb baby And now you're screamin hold back and mo' and mo' and mo' back It's kind of like a Kodak moment when you throw back [Interlude] + [Chorus One] + [Chorus Two] Artist: B.o.B Album: Who The F#*k Is B.o.B? Song: Wait Your Turn Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro] DJ Scream, DJ Spinz! MLK, and we present to you that new shit nigga B.o.B - "Who The Fuck Is B.o.B" the mixtape nigga! {"DJ SCREAM"} [Chorus One] You better wait your turn girl Girl you better wait - wait You better wait your turn girl Girl you better wait - just wait It ain't enough of me to go around (ain't enough of me to go around) 'Nough of me to go around (ain't enough of me to go around) It ain't enough of me to go around (ain't enough of me to go around) It ain't enough of me to go around (ain't enough of me to go around) [over Chorus One] Shouts out to the homey DJ SWATS out there Whattup nigga? [Chorus Two: B.o.B - singing 2X] Yeah you know it's B.o.B (geah) B.o.B.o.B.o.B (geah) Yeah you know it's B.o.B (ah-hah) Ahh, ahhh [B.o.B] In the club feelin woozy, I ran into some groupies They started to pursue me I said "Girl what are you doin?" Uh-uh, see, I'm with that girl Deb is like "Bob - is that yo' girl?" I was like "Uhh, I'm not really sure!" "But I'll hit you when I'm done with her" And you can't hate on that She was like "I can't wait on that" Well shoot, I'm straight on that Girl you can dip, put skates on that And don't you say a word - nothin you can say a word That's just the way it works - girl you better wait yo' turn [Chorus One] + [Chorus Two] {"HOOD RICH BITCH, BIG RICH"} [B.o.B] I was at the Ruby Tuesday, approached by some groupies They interrupted rudely and asked "Bob, would you do me?" Uh-uh~! I'm already wit that girl And they was like "Bob, that ain't yo' girl!" I was like "Uhh, well, no" "But if I get tired I'll let you know" And ain't no way you can hate on that And ain't no way to debate on that I'm right here, the flow right here So gon' head girl, freak your face off that Huh, cause I'm not interested I think the exit's in that direction (over there) But don't get mad at me Cause after her girl you the next one Cause I smoke hams to death And she got hams I'd like to stretch She looked at me like "Bet" She already know, Hemp Squad on deck [Chorus One] + [Chorus Two] Artist: B.o.B Album: Who The F#*k Is B.o.B? Song: Pop Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro] Pop pop pop, pop pop pop, pop pop pop, pop pop pop pop What she like to do? Pop pop pop, pop pop pop, pop pop pop, pop pop pop pop A-heh, ah-hah! She likes to pop Pop {*8X*} What-what-what-what-what she like to do? She likes to pop Pop {*8X*} W-w-w-w-w-w-what she like to do? She likes to pop Pop {*8X*} What-what-what-what-what she like to do? She likes to pop Pop {*8X*} W-w-w-w-w-w-what she like to do? She likes to pop! {*M.. L.. K*} A-heh, ah-hah! [B.o.B] Well they don't like this here young fella Haters jealous cause they ain't quite on my level Their game's under-developed So girl can I get under your umbrella? What'cha boy made for? You're a hater dude I gotta go and get the paper, see you later dude Gotta keep it fresh, like refrigerator food Catch me ridin 'round in Decatur with a date or two Hah~! They call me Bob-o-latty I got mo' head than I got body On +Green Giant+ 'til we all get +Jolly+ but don't ask me where the 'dro at, I don't got it That girl got a karate body A big butt and she can't hide it It's highly likely that she might be 'bout it So don't be stingy girl, just pro-vide it [B.o.B] A-heh, ah-hah! A triple stack all in her hands She say she like the way it make her dance, when she (pop) She snuck in without her friends and they all in the V.I.P. with no bands Fo' think that they part of the crew cause they all backstage like they came with the band Well baby girl that's cool, but when we dip out you gon' have to get down and dance! [Interlude] Come, come take a ride Let the Eastside come to the rides y'all Come take a ride Let the Eastside come to the rides y'all Come take a ride Let the Eastside come to the rides y'all Just take a ride Let the Eastside come to the rides y'all [B.o.B] Posin in my super stance These girls wanna come undo my pants (pop) I make "Computer Love" cause these girls make my computer fuck her I'm back again Just to show this ain't no accident (pop) A-B, C-D's Freaks all on E-E [Chorus] - change last line to "Let the Eastside come to the ride" Artist: B.o.B Album: Who The F#*k Is B.o.B? Song: Eastside Skit Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [B.o.B] 'long dat Eastside (Eastside) We rollin on the Eastside (Eastside) Oh yeah, heh, I just wanna sing my Eastside song We be ridin, gettin drunk, all day long on the Eastside (Eastside) Oh, on the Eastside (the Eastside) Now look baby, I just wanna sing my Eastside rap And maybe buy some 'dro from a Eastside trap on the Eastside (the Eastside) Oh yeah, on the Eastside (the Eastside) Oh, yeah, now, you're listenin to a Eastside man Might fall up in pin-ups, get a Eastside dance on the Eastside (the Eastside) Baby girl on the Eastside (the Eastside) Now break it down now~! This is a Eastside, J-O-B If Playboy Tre with B.o.B on the Eastside (the Eastside) Baby girl we on the Eastside (the Eastsiiiiide) Artist: B.o.B Album: Who The F#*k Is B.o.B? Song: Eastside Tales Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro] Shouts out to all my hoods across the A gettin it in My Eastside niggaz, my Westside niggaz Big shouts to the Northside ("DJ Spinz, fuck nigga!") I could go on and on for days and days and song for song yeah {"Let me tell you all about it"} I could go on and on for days and days and song for song yeah {"Let me tell you all about it"} It's 'bout that Eastside tale, yeah I can tell you 'bout that Eastside tale {"Let me tell you all about it"} It's 'bout that Eastside tale, let me tell you 'bout another Eastside tale {"Let me tell you all about it"} [Interlude] ("M... L... K!!") Let me say again! You'll never know that no matter what song what the concept is or whatever, I'm tryin to keep it 100 So I may not be givin you the story but the story got the truth in it You feel me? ("SCREAM!!") [B.o.B] Oh yeah, believe it, I can tell many secrets But the mo' I talk about them that's just the mo' that you see 'em Yup - I'm a believer, not sayin I'm religious But I see somethin wrong with how we livin in my city Why everybody from Decatur wanna be a sanger? or be an entertainer, or to be rich and famous? You see us on TV, you sit for hours and you stare Not sayin that we Gods, but that's what they try to make us [Interlude] And like I said - even though I'm tryin to get to paid I ain't fin' to do what they want me to do dawg Realer than that I'm from Decatur Decatur's a city that's gon' be on yo' mind soon as you think about it [B.o.B] Hell yeah I'm from the Eastside Ain't sayin it just to get the streets behind me Ain't like slum, but I know where I'm from So I spit it for the slums and the street society It's yo' block that I'm beatin down So that real shit's what I'm speakin 'bout Now I can probably, tell you a lie to tell the stories about people's problems But everything that I got to say is contagious like {?} Don't play ball but I'm Atlanta's Bravest So if I'm fake then it's not today Now I can sit up here and lie up in my rhyme and tell you everything is fine but y'all ain't blind - nah~! Artist: B.o.B Album: Who The F#*k Is B.o.B? Song: Atlanta, GA Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro] Ah-hah, ah-hah! It's B-o-B-o-B-o "I been all around the city of Atlanta" {HOOD RICH BITCH!!!} Ah-hah, ah-hah! It's B-o-B-o-B-o {DJ SPINZ FUCK NIGGA} "I been all around the city of Atlanta" All around the city of Atlanta (man I be) All around the city of Atlanta All around the city of Atlanta (I be) All around the city of Atlanta [B.o.B] Well you already know where I be I'll be off of Candler Road right off of 20 East And I be Mr. Eastside cause I represent that D And I be on that 107, Tugley Wood and Macafee But when I'm on the grind, I'm headed down to Frequency Or downtown in Atlanta at Havana's yes indeed See over here in the A you see, we get down at the A you see Don't gotta look hard for no peach, cause Georgia State got freaks Believe you can catch me fly as hell Coupe Deville down by Riverdale Fin' to do a show at Throwbacks by Onational And don't be ridin dirty 'less you got some cash for bail So when I say you already, don't even ask me player [Chorus] - 2X [B.o.B] But hold up, is what they say when I roll up I'm on them ferris wheels like I'm ridin rollercoasters I stretch your girl like yoga, I wont let up like yola But y'all pushin my buttons like I'm 'bout to vent the soda {DJ SPINZ~!!} But hold up, is what they say when I roll up I'm on them ferris wheels like I'm ridin rollercoasters I stretch your girl like yoga, I wont let up like yola But y'all pushin my buttons like I'm 'bout to vent the soda {*scratched*} But hold up, is what they say when I roll up I'm on them ferris wheels like I'm ridin rollercoasters I stretch your girl like yoga, I wont let up like yola But y'all pushin my buttons like I'm 'bout to vent the soda or lack of a controller, I told y'all niggaz damn it Y'all aint messin wit me cause my stamina be jammin So handle all that Anna unless y'all handlin the cannon and I ain't talkin 'bout no camera, I don't know what you plannin I got fat backs like Bam Bam, it's 'bout as long as bandstands I'm burnin so much trees I'm endangerin the planet And I take the Eastside with me everywhere I'm standin I represent Atlanta and this is what we got em sayin [Chorus] - 2X [B.o.B] Well let me introduce ya, this is the Magic City so havin 20 grand is crucial, these girls'll give you goosebumps See down here in the South I walk this Georgia dirt with swag Put my feet up in them fast, whip with B. Rich on the tag I guess you would say that I got mood swing cash I happen to get money while these haters gettin mad I'm conceited so I laugh, fuck~! I got gallon bags Y'all got teeny weeny sacks, so when I breakin up they think I'm taking out the trash; I'm hot like boilin water boy Folk be hatin on the dirty cause we got the torch My foot work super fly so I guess I'ma soccer star [Chorus] - 2X Artist: B.o.B Album: Who The F#*k Is B.o.B? Song: B.o.B Checkin In Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [B.o.B] Okay people once again like I was sayin This is the "Who The Fuck Is B.o.B" mix.. Who the FUCK is Bob, HUH?! WHO THE FUCK IS THIS GUY? Can someone, tell me who the fuck this guy Bob.. Anyway, this is the "Who The Fuck Is B.o.B?" mixtape And right now, I said right about now Y'all, are listenin to the great, MLK, DJ Scream DJ Spin, Hood Rich DJ's, and it is really goin down And I know right about NOW.. {*echoes*} If there are 10 people listenin to this CD {*clears throat*} There's about, 7 haters in the room Now - half of those people hatin, are just sayin "Aw man yeah yeah I I like this, I I really, I really like these guys" The other two, are probably thinkin "Man who the fuck are these nig.. who the fuck is Bob?" "And why the fuck should +I+ give a fuck?" And the other one, is thinkin "Damn! I don't really like this shit, I ain't really feelin it" He's sayin it, he ain't thinkin it, he sayin it and then the other nigga, he's just like MAD He's just PISSED OFF that y'all are even playin this and then the other 3 people genuinely like it! Now, the case being is that most of you all are hating right now and, the reason that you're hating is because there are 3 people who like it, not because you hate it! If these 3 people hated it, you wouldn't even give a fuck! As a matter of fact, you would probably like it You'd probably be like "Man them niggaz, them niggaz hatin" "Let me let me see, let me make MY point be heard!" So, case in point - haters, just wanna be heard They just wanna have a point, they just wanna have an opinion I understand, I feel you, so - keep hating! This is the "Who The Fuck Is B.o.B?" mixtape Artist: B.o.B f/ Lil Boosie Album: Who The F#*k Is B.o.B? Song: Fuck You Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro/Chorus] They say that I'm changin, cause I'm gettin famous Fuck I don't need nobody but my God damn self I don't need nobody but my God damn self They say that I'm changin, cause I'm gettin famous Fuck I don't need nobody but my God damn self I don't need nobody but my God damn self [B.o.B] Since I been in this game, it's been like a ceiling fayne What comes around goes around, will circle and back again Your friends turn enemies and then enemies smile in your face And then try to infiltrate; this all cause I entertain But still it's quite entertainin to see all these niggaz faces They call me Bob now, but back then I couldn't make it They say that I came up and I failed outa class But it worked out both ways cause they ain't gotta see my black ass So I grew up in Dakota sect, where the coke and 'dro is at Stayin strapped and loaded man, that's all they 'sposed to know of that That's why I stay paranoid, cause these niggaz hatin now So I keep my middle finger up until I made it out [Lil Boosie] Now yesterday, me and my dawg got loaded Cracked a joke on my dawg, my dawg exploded Nigga you changin, boy you meant that, where the love done went at? Can't stand to see a nigga shinin now you undereyein The clique, hate to see a nigga smile and laugh Fuck you, hate to see me signin autographs Fuck y'all; all I need, is my voice and some fire weed I don't owe a nigga shit and I don't ask for you to ride my dick How I'm gon' change, all I know is the streets There's a lotta gutters on my street and a lot of gutter in me Don't speak to me, don't wave, ain't no "Hip Hop Hooray" And by the way, suck a dick, you got some garbage ass ways Artist: B.o.B Album: Who The F#*k Is B.o.B? Song: Lonely People Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro: repeat 2X - from "Elenor Rigby" by The Beatles] "I look at all the lonely people" [Chorus: B.o.B. over "Eleanor Rigby" sample] I see 'em, I see 'em, I see 'em, there they go I see 'em, I see 'em, I can see 'em, there they go I see 'em, I see 'em, I see 'em, there they go I see 'em, I see 'em, I see 'em, there they go [B.o.B.] Cindy Lavinsky, went to a school where the kids that she did meet, did not treat her friendly She in elementary, so when she went home it was wrong evidently, so lonely and empty Well~! Lookin for love in a club got her drunk Met a thug named Bud, got her pregnant with a son Here he come; in a sub-division there's a couple engaged in a fuss, one of them grabs a gun {*gun cocked*} But in the street, all alone, there's a kid Tryin to wipe away the tears after what his momma did And there it is {"All the lonely people - where do they all come from?"} [B.o.B] Benny Lavinsky, adopted at three A foster home's where he's livin, his pockets are empty So when he turns 16, he just ran away and then he moved to the city and had a daughter named Lizzy Well~! In a mansion, in a room, on a bed There's a girl so depressed, from the drugs and the stress All the diamonds on her dress still can not relieve stress that she faces from the world, why these niggaz offer it? Evidence she's obsessed, but what she feels she can't express All she want is happiness, but all she know is big success Nothin less {"All the lonely people - where do they all come from?"} [Interlude 2X: B.o.B] I know that you've been havin a lonely day All you gotta do, is find a way Maybe in your dreams you can fly away Away, away, away {"All the lonely people - where do they all come from?"} Artist: B.o.B Album: Who The F#*k Is B.o.B? Song: Use Ur Love Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro] I met a lil shorty on a Wednesday night And she was chillin in the V.I.P. I said "Hey girl, wh-what's your name?" She just smiled and it was over Cause I just wanna use your love, tonight (yeah yeah yeah) And I just wanna work you girl, all night [B.o.B] My girl was on vacation, so I been microwavin So I went out late chasin, I met a girl mixed with Asian Now I ain't one seem impatient, so I told her it's late, forget a date And B.o.B wanna lay it, and that's the truth just face it Now don't get mad and angry, you know you really anxious You lightin cigarette up, cause you are very anxious and cause I was a stranger, now your legs in the ayur Some may call me a player cause the way I treat females cause ("I-I just wanna use your love, toniiight") So baby please don't leave me waitin ("I-I don't wanna lose your love, toniiight") So baby please don't leave me hangin Oh no no~! Please don't tell me that you about to go go  You know you like my swag and how I roll roll roll So don't you get to actin like you're so so cold Cause I ain't fin' to chase you down Cause I just wanna use your love, tonight (yeah yeah yeah) And I just wanna work you girl, all night [B.o.B] Still you know I'm so gutter So I'm no lover, I'm just on cutter Plus if I'm on the dough, then she better roll cause from head to toe she like butter Rubbin OIL, lookin at her body like PURE And I'm tryin to get some AURA Thick young lady name DORA But-but I ain't really talkin on the girlfriend tip You already know what world this is Sorry if your feeling gettin hurt my dear I'll send you a text when your birthday's here Just take that as a little donation And I'll see you at the next location Just don't be everywhere I relocate cause I don't need no probation [repeat 3X] ("I-I just wanna use your love, toniiight") So baby please don't leave me waitin ("I-I don't wanna lose your love, toniiight") So baby please don't leave me hangin Artist: B.o.B Album: Who The F#*k Is B.o.B? Song: Nigger Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [B.o.B] Dis shit, DEFINITELY ain't never gon' get released Ha ha ha ha! Fuck it {*DJ SCREAM*} [Chorus: repeat 2X] I'm just a nigger, just a nigger That's what I am, that's what I am (that's what I am) I'm just a nigger, a fucking nigger Ask Uncle Sam, ask Uncle Sam {*DJ SCREAM!*} [talking over second Chorus] Oh my God! Is he serious? Is he really singing this shit? Ha ha Turn it off man! He's saying the N word {*M, L, K*} [B.o.B] C'mon Bob, you can't say that! (C'mon) Cause all the blacks'll get mad man, take it back (take it back) You can say it every now and then in a rap (whassup my nigga?) But even Amy Winehouse is goin "Back to Black" (ah-hah!) See while every race is laughin at it all the blacks is sittin 'round gettin mad at it (what should we do?) Can white people say it? Uhh, they can have it But see, I just got drunk and took a stab at it See, everybody's awkward while I'm singin this But, the truth is, everybody's thinkin this (damn right) And if this song ever leaks on the internet They'll be like, "Bob's actin real niggerish!" (Nigger!) [Outro] Ah ha! Ay man, you you really shouldn'ta done this song dawg You shoulda done left that shit alone Black people don't like when you be talkin 'bout nigger dawg You need to just quit sayin that shit because if we quit sayin that shit, then, then all black people will uh uh unite and get better Yeah that what we need to do, we need to ban the N word And when we ban the N word, everything gon' get better Y'knahmsayin? So like you need to quit talkin 'bout that shit man It really ain't cool Everybody's really just lookin at you like a asshole Y'knahmsayin? You-you shouldn'ta even done this shit man~! Why you doin this shit man? This shit ain't cool! Niggaz don't fuck with this shit man! Tu-turn this song, man turn this shit off Artist: B.o.B Album: Who The F#*k Is B.o.B? Song: Back Stabbers Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro] We ain't done witch'all yet man Real life music right here "Who The Fuck Is B.o.B?" the mixtape Remember this! Money is the motherfuckin motivation Stay focused Watch for the back stabbers! {*DJ SCREAM*} [B.o.B] Well I gotta look over my shoulder because they tryin to get closer Because they see that I'm focused they think I'm holdin a fo' leaf clover But this is not luck, oh no sir This is not hocus pocus Go with the flow like a boat in the ocean I keep sayin this over and over I don't be mad cause I already exposed 'em but they still think that I don't notice Well they must think that I'm slow Can't y'all see that my eyes wide open? Well this the part where I choke 'em They cain't say nuttin else, game over So if you don't know they motive I'm gonna show ya what they do [Chorus: repeat 2X] They smile in your face (all the time they wanna take yo' place) Them back stabbers - back stabbers! Smile in your face (all the time they wanna take yo' place) Them back stabbers - back stabbers! [B.o.B] Okay - okay, let me talk about dem They try to hate when they wallet get slim So they contemplate on how to stop him They try to shoot 3's but they just hit rim Dem, dem, I'm talkin 'bout dem! Man if you cain't see 'em, well I do Same folk movin hate since high school So I had to come through with my crew and swallow dicks 'til your girl gets loose A-ha, a-ha~! I'm laughin at you to let y'all know how funny y'all act You think what you say really won't get back to me? I'm B.o.B My ear to the street, I do this for the East- -side of the A-T-L; man I'ma have to tell y'all what they do [B.o.B] Okay, attention! I'ma say this one mo' gen I am in a whole new dimension so hatin on me is a sin I have ascended past comprehension so every sentence that I've ever written.. You know what? Y'all don't even listen! I ain't even livin, Bob been gone man, y'all already missed him So I just sit back while all these haters try to stab my back And they ask me what I think about dat I guess I have to wait 'til my diamond plaque But until then I'ma just do me Cause I know everything I do they see And if you don't know then you must be slick Again I'm a peep it, peep it, peep it Artist: B.o.B Album: Who The F#*k Is B.o.B? Song: Starship Strobelite Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro] {Hood rich bitch, B. Rich} Ay B.o.B my nigga, you wanna take these niggaz out of the galaxy? Some straight 2029 type shit? C'mon man (M, L, K) let's take a ride I'ma rock you out this world Take you on a voyage, in my starship (Yes in my starship!) In my starship {Ha ha ha ha ha ha} When the walls start tumblin down (tumblin down) We can travel to the moon and where the stars live (where the stars live baby) In my starship (ha~!) 32 billion light years away Strobelite, two drinks in my hand I'm feelin sooo, right, and my joint gon' ride You lookin sooo, tight, we'll find out when I take off yo' clothes tonight, 32 billion light years away [B.o.B] Yes I'm quite an eccentric individual Came from another dimension, I ain't kiddin you I, came in a starship vehicle Sent on a mission to evolve yo' serial Player, so don't sleep on me It's not my intention to sound like 3-thousand but it's so easy to see that we probably just came from the same galaxy Eh-heh! Shout out to all my aliens We come in peace, it's so evident If she ain't with it then ye just irrelevant Light years away I'm better than Edison or Jefferson's ever been I spit it out, you just digested it Livin where the Jetsons live I'm an extra-terrestrian [B.o.B] Landed at the party, and I don't know where to park at Where do I keep my starship? 32 billion light years away My style is amazin, with my Star Trek shades on Where did I get my shades from? 32 billion light years away I'm about to blow you away - please stand back I'm about to blow this to space - like a Cadillac Makin 'em flip like an acrobat, stackin my cheese like a pack of rats Where did I get the zoom Saturns at? 32 billion light years away [Chorus] {*instrumental break*} [Chorus] Artist: B.o.B Album: Who The F#*k Is B.o.B? Song: B.o.B Outro Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [B.o.B] Okay people, mm mmm mmm This has been a great excellent mixtape And if you still... y'know quite frankly If you're at this point in the mixtape and you still don't know who I am Y'know if-if you're on the road drivin, just continue drivin And if you see a red light, just bypass THAT motherfucker and just keep goin; hopefully an eighteen wheeler truck will collide with your car killing yourself, so you don't have to Because YO' dumb ass has been listenin to this mixtape All 20 30 some odd tracks, and you STILL don't know who the fuck I am C'MON MAN~! C'mon - what do I do this for? Y'know Anyway; enough of the bullshit, y'know And if my cussing is offending you I am +VERY+ fucking apologetic for it I'm sorry, that's just how I gotta roll, y'know I, I try not to cuss, y'know I try to keep it clean But this, this right here, this "Who The Fuck Is B.o.B" mixtape? It ain't for that~! It ain't for the crowd who don't wanna hear me cuss I'm sorry, y'know, so FUCK OFF, okay? Take this CD out, toss it out the window Hopefully the nigga in the eighteen wheeler truck who hit you will catch it, and put it in, and he'll enjoy it, y'know? So anyway, check out the MySpace page MySpace dot come slash B.o.B ATL You can download the mixtapes for free You can check out all the music I'm doin Check out "Generation Lost," please please check it out Or you can go to the website W-W-W dot B-O-B-A-T-L dot com Y'KNOW?! Be on the lookout for the album PEOPLE, I-I don't really have a lot of time {*keys rattle*} I gotta go, I gotta get the fuck outta here What time is it? God damn it AHH! This B-O-B, BOBBY RAY, HEAR DEM GO! Artist: B.o.B f/ Ludacris, T.I. Album: Who The F#*k Is B.o.B? Song: On Top of the World Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro: DJ Scream talking over Chorus] And now... for the conclusion! DJ Scream, DJ Spinz MLK, "Who The F#*k Is BOB the Mixtape" SCREAM~! We did it again Until the next chapter We out! [Chorus: B.o.B.] I used to dream (I used to dream) ohh-whoa (ohh!) About the money and the cars and girls (and the girls) But now I see (now I see) ohh-whoa! (ohh!) Because I'm sittin on top of the world! (the whole world) And now I see (ay) see (ay) see (ay) see (ay) Cause I'm sittin on top of the world! (ay, ay, ay, ay) And now I see (ay) see (ay) see (ay) see (ay) Cause I'm sittin on top of the world! (ay, ay, yeah, yeah) [B.o.B] (HOOD RICH!!) I ain't forget it - I remember my past Yes I re-member the roaches and the squirrels and rats I had to, heat up some water just to wash off my ass And in the winter, yes all we had was heaters and matches Now - I'm, on your TV on the cover mags so when these haters be crabbin, at 'em I'm laughin cause You don't know me, you don't know shit 'bout my past So when you, hate B.o.B you only hate on my mast I, remember listenin to "Chicken & Beer" when I was failing my classes with all of my peers and I remember listening to "King of the South" I'm trap music, and now I know what this is about [Ludacris] Luda, Luda! Hear my heart on this one True story! Rest in peace Wayne Bridges They say what goes up must come down but I ain't reach my cruisin altitude Take a look at what I did, but can you imagine what I'm about to do? The places I'm 'bout to go and the money I'm 'bout to see Gave Bill Gates some binoculars and said, "Look out for ME!" Exceeded expectations, even at Def Jam Cause I married the streets and Atlanta has been my best man My momma quit her job and now she works with six figures Cause I'm a self-made nappy headed RICH NIGGA! (OHH!) Private planes help me travel in peace To fo' cities in one day and fo' countries in one WEEK Cause I, work for myself and no one else cause I'm too smart to Put one of my partners right through culinary art school (WOO!) Now he my personal chef so that bread he get it Put 'em all in houses, cleaned up all of my friends' credit (true!) And now they witnessed all the glitz and the glamour Catch us eatin at Straits Atlanta with women with table manners Orderin Singaporean lobster Celebratin comin from nothin to winnin Grammy's and rappers winnin Oscars Yeah, and they say rappers shouldn't act, nah suckers We see Samuel Jackson like, "WHAT'S UP MOTHERFUCKER!" [T.I.] Hey, hey, hey, hey I made it momma! Hey, hey I know them haters don't stop plottin and wishin we fall Cause I'm standin on top lookin down at it all (I see you) I know from down there to y'all, it seems like I got it all Homie I ain't get enough, we still tryin to triple up That's why we got StreetCred and Akoo buildin up Say I'm doin too much, shit, I say I ain't did enough Remember sayin, "Damn, if I could just get to a million plus" And now I'm like, "Shit, what the fuck is a million bucks?" Triple that on my bond, thanks to Bigs and Run (appreciate it nigga) But never mind what I been through, just look at what I become All this shit I've avoided, what it done for my sons and daughters and momma; just call her I sold dope and dropped out of school, seems it's all they can see They don't notice none of my family did that since me (nah) I broke that cycle, now my family live a live for Mandatory minimals, but not when the judge sentence us Cousins in college, where you think they get tuition from? (Answer that) Just for standin 'round wishin, huh? Hey while you stand around lookin dumb, I make it happen Takin action over time, got damn good at it Artist: B.o.B Album: Who The F#*k Is B.o.B? Song: All I Know Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro] Ay LP I think these muh'fuckers forget where I was from It's that nigga B.o.B Easy LP is up on the beat {*DJ SCREAM*} Okay, okay I'm cruisin through Decatur tryin to find some of that 'dro And I see too many haters cause they cain't hate on they hoes I said I cain't do no better because this is all I know Oh-ohh all I know all I know all I know [B.o.B] Cause I was raised in the D-E-C, ay I'm from Decatur Where we gettin high and ride in skyscrapers Gettin money now and ride or die later Get you shot and robbed by your own neighbor When the cops ridin by it ain't safer They'll probably shock your ass with them tasers 'Round here, we ain't big on education Niggaz droppin out, but did the graduation But this city's where I'm glad to be Rep it to the fullest, don't get mad at me Niggaz steady hatin, but they clap for me Cause I gotta spit it ill like a rap disease Fo'sho, girl I got that mojo, give it to you so slow I ain't like them other niggaz who be havin no stroke And girl I'm layin it down Reppin my city, what's the name of my town? (Bitch) [B.o.B] The Eastside of the A-T-L, ay we sit tall This is the home of slang and shit talk Gold diggin hoes don't get no dough They just get on all 4's and they get big balls At night, watch out, the cars get jacked up And my clothes turn into target practice Everybody better start haulin asses cause the gas station clerk never saw what happened Ass on the news, now I'm at my school Niggaz chillin at the water fountain with a tool 'Bout to cut a fool 'round 3:42 and the po'-po' waitin outside for the queue They'll put the cuffs on him, and take him downtown Now they in the penitentiary of juvenile I ain't talkin shit, I'm just reppin for my town This is for Decatur, and this is how it sound (geah) [Outro] This shit is all I know, geah Born in North Carolina, raised up in Decatur I'm a 80's baby I'm kinda cool but the hood kinda made me crazy You see what I'm sayin? And this is, and this is, and this is how it go Artist: B.o.B f/ Willie Joe Album: Who The F#*k Is B.o.B? Song: Little Rascal Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro/Chorus] Ever since I was a little rascal - I've been huggin that block Nigga settin up shop, catch me runnin from the cops Ever since I was a little rascal - we been fuckin them bitches Gotta keep your eye on the riches All my niggaz get your money - otay? Otay - otay? Otay - otay? Otay All my bitches get yo' money - otay? Otay - otay? Otay - otay? Otay [B.o.B] Ha ha ha~! Look Well ever since I was a little rascal had empty pockets, ashy knees, what a afro All the neighbors called me Bad Ass Lil' Bastard They said I was bad cause I was always skippin classes Dickin church girls where my daddy was the pastor Now I'm rookie of the year All of my peers never though that they would see me here But now I'm sittin here, chillin while I'm sippin beers Bitches cookin fo' me, cleanin out my ears (whazzup?) But way back den, when I got kept back I wasn't in the 10th, it was 9 and a half Cause I was on the grind, tryin to get some stacks Thought cash would make me happy so I up and hit the trap We grew up in the slums, since we were young Searchin through the Sunday paper for some coupons And destined not to make it, since we was babies But everythang's fine and we doin okay [Willie Joe] Geah, geah, ay, ay, AYYY~! I was a lil' nigga (nigga) from a lil' city (city) A lil' Cali man that's where the streets is never pretty It's where the girls is cute and the cops they treat you shitty I grew up listenin to The Click and Cutthroat Committee The Fresh Prince of the city, I'm tryin to get it in My nigga did the Beanie, doin 15 in the pen I think his name is Ken, I'm chasin his name is Ben I'm talkin Franklin, I keep the tree stankin Niggaz tried to test the boy, what is ya thankin? "Mo' Money Mo' Problems" boyyy, call me +Mason+ +Betha+, I'm somethin like a weak nigga tester When I was young if you snitched, then you was on a stretcher I'm so good at chess but these niggaz is playin checkers Nigga watch your mess I saw a dude die for lesser YA-DA-DA! It's a cold world after all As a little rascal all I want to do is ball and I fall [B.o.B - repeat 2X] We grew up in the slums, since we were young Searchin through the Sunday paper for some coupons And destined not to make it, since we was babies But everythang's fine and we doin okay Artist: B.o.B Album: B.o.B vs. Bobby Ray Mixtape Song: B.o.B Intro Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [B.o.B] Geah ladies and gentlemen~! Right now, you are listenin to none other B dot, lowercase O, dot B My name is B.o.B, and right now this is the "B.o.B vs. Bobby Ray Mixtape" Now - there's a lot of talk about this guy called Bobby Ray And, Iiiiii think it's cool - he's aight He-ah-he-he's aight, he's aight, yeah he's cool, ah-heh But, we all know they really came to see... B.o.B! Nah I'm just jokin, heh! But seriously, heh hah We know who they wanna hear They wanna hear me comin at ya, beat up them verse just AHH AHH AHH AHH y'knahmsayin? Just killin 'em! Anyway man, uhh, uhh y'know, but it-but it's cool Bobby Ray'll do his thing, but anyway Enough of me talkin, let's get to the music we gon' let y'all decide My name is B.o.B, I approve this message And I'm gone!! Artist: B.O.B Album: B.O.B. Vs. Bobby Ray Song: Patron & Swag Typed by: timm2014@hotmail.com [Verse One] They say, "B.O.B why not put the guitar down and rap?" It's easier to sing than put my soul on a track Cause the media has made a competition out of rap So constantly they comparin' me to 3 Stacks (Andre 3000) I try to grow freely but they hold me to my past Sayin' the music that I'm makin' doesn't appeal to the mass Hmm What am I to do about that? When the syndicated radio is always playin' trash Every single song is the same old track About Patron, Patron, Patron and swag, swag, swag Patron and swag and the whole hood is singin' "Patron and swag" And everybody wonder why the kids so bad Cause they only thing they know is Patron and SWAG! Artist: B.o.B f/ Big Kuntry, Mac Boney Album: B.o.B vs. Bobby Ray Mixtape Song: One Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro]  "One, is the loneliest number that you'll ever do" {*3X*} Yeah... two! Two! Two! Two  "One, is the loneliest number that you'll ever do" [B.o.B] Tell me, who don't wanna be at the top of this? The top of the game, that's obvious I'm like Superman in Metropolis But you cain't see me through binoculars As I fly high over the populace Tryin to find where the hell my childhood is I cain't even see it with my irises The only thing that I see is the irony Think about the past and the life I lived All of the days and the nights I spent in the bottomless pit called poverty Locked in a room, don't bother me~! So if you plan on stoppin me you need more than your vitamins The rap game ain't a lottery Go to school, get a scholarship Cause you still gotta deal with the politics How you gon' not deal with it? That's like goin up inside of a brothel and comin out remainin monogamous It just don't make a lot of sense so I just stay positive And if you ain't where you tryin to get then it's a prison of the mind you in  "One, is the loneliest number that you'll ever do" {*4X*} [Big Kuntry] You know who this is, mayyyyne Big Kuntry Kainnng Only one it's only me, who gives a fuck 'bout 2 and 3? You suckers been played out, like them damn Ferrari jeeps I see you niggaz on the creep but y'all never next to me Cain't see you rock climbers when I'm on my mountain peak Why peep? Open yo' eyes - you see the cherry Mase' right? You see the streets, rollin with me, cause my notary certified You a hundred deep, but they be respectin me when it's only I Green pie, back it up, tell Matty pass the mic Know what I'm sayin I'm nasty right, my lyrics got me creamin dykes I'm by myself when takin flight, and fuckin them girls that keep it tight Redbox, is the movement, Tim, where's they +Home Improvement+? While you rappers keep on tryin, I'm #1 already proven  "One, is the loneliest number that you'll ever do" {*4X*} [Mac Boney] What is the numero uno? I dip and I slide in my two-do' Deez niggaz be watchin while bitches be jockin but Boney jack keep it so cool doe I'm seein 'em checkin my moves out Be careful while keepin my tool down They know that I'm reppin that A-Town So why do these fuck niggaz play 'round? I guess you can hate now - we straight We got cake, we got bread, we got made clown While you broke niggaz stayed down I stayed up on my game and my business I'm paid now I'm never gon' lay down We +Grand+ and we +Royal+ y'all niggaz just stand down For yo' homey be man down, we done ran down Tyler bent on his ass now I'm the head of my class now So I'm never gon' bet for these boys that stick hands out I prefer to keep hands down so I know who you are when I'm throwin my fans out Why swing on my Denzel? I've been ridin and swervin these niggaz since oh-fo' But in one-oh, I drop one mo' So these niggaz'll know I'm the one hoe~!  "One, is the loneliest number that you'll ever do" {*4X*} Artist: B.o.B Album: B.o.B vs. Bobby Ray Mixtape Song: My Sweet Baby Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro: samples Mickey & Sylvia's "Love Is Strange"] Ba-bayyyy Ohhh ba-bayyyy My sweet ba-bayyyy You're the one {*FURY*} Ba-bayyyy (oh yeah) Ohhh ba-bayyyy (oh yeah) My sweet ba-bayyyy (oh yeah) You're the one [B.o.B] Ehehehe, I know Well it's Mr. Obituary, put beats in the cemetery I rip a bit into pieces like sheets in a dictionary The teachers tried to teach me but I was sleepin in every class I never passed, it didn't seem necessary I'm super psychadelic, I'm smokin weed with the fairies And if drugs are bad, throw away every CD you carry Cause drugs have inspired every musical visionary And this ain't even the album, so the thought alone should be scary I do this for the geeks who feel they need to compare me I swear I'll push this button, gimme a reason or dare me And everything gets blown, and everybody gets buried And there you have it, I shat the track like dairy [Interlude] Ba-bayyyy (oh yeah) Ohhh ba-bayyyy (oh yeah) Ohhh ba-bayyyy (oh yeah) Ohhh ba-bayyyy (oh yeah) My-my ba-bayyyy (oh yeah) Ohhh ba-bayyyy (oh yeah) My sweet ba-bayyyy (oh yeah) You're the one [B.o.B] I know, I know, I know~! Heh They tryin to figure out what's my business incentive I'm simply tryin to speak to who or whatever will listen And reach out to the kids who the doctors prescribe with ritalin So this is for all of my aliens and all of the indigo children And anyone that said I would never see this position Allow me to drop my pants and turn around for you to kiss it Heh, but that was the motivation I needed for me to get it And this has been a Bobby Ray powerpoint presen-tition I mean, presentation Ahh whatever you don't care Artist: B.o.B f/ Asher Roth, Charles Hamilton Album: B.o.B vs. Bobby Ray Mixtape Song: Change Gonna Come Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro] Fury!!! [Chorus: repeat 2X] It's been a long... A long time comin, but I know A change gon' come, a change gon' come A change gon' come, a change gon' come [B.o.B - starts over Chorus repeat] I feel honored to be a part of this change that is takin over these great states So I just need to get real one more time, listen Well as you listenin to this track you're probably about to blog about it, maybe say it's whack Or maybe compare the verses to see which one of us 'd snap Completely ignorin the fact that this is way more than rap Cause I happen to be on a magazine, you happen to see this issue Some people wish you well man, some people turn against you Some people even call up to the station just to diss you You bitch you - you only mad at yourself, here's a tissue But that ain't even my focus man, that hate ain't on my menue I'm in a different city about to rock a different venue My girl sent me a text message just to say "I miss you" It won't be long before I'm home baby but the rent's due Ah ha ha [B.o.B - talking over Chorus] Charles Hamilton, what does it do? Asher Roth is super sick like ha-choo-choo B.o.B spittin the truth all up in this booth Change gon' come, so sing along to this tune [Asher Roth - talking over Chorus] It's crazy man we uh We're on the cover of the XXL Anyone else think that's amazing? Uhh, yeah [Asher Roth] We've been conference ever since Columbus could'nt work a compass We've acomplished what we conjured up while conscious Unconsciously we conquered all the eye can see Constantly concoting more options, but jobs are still obsolete It seems so odd to me, an odyssey, how honesty is honestly the rarr-rest thing upon us it's astonishing How did all the honest people von-ish from the plo-net? Leaving us a laundry list of problems to acknowledge While plotting with my phonics, me and Sonic and BOB Non-chomp arises, as I sit down and sketch my rhymes Stretch my mind, to figure out what's next in line The next Em-yay and Andre? Nah homie it's just been a long... a long time comin [Charles Hamilton] It's Charles Hamilton President to my cerebellum, so I reach out to the listeners and my mission is I better tell'em Our fear of a free mind is here and you spirit can die anytime you need to cry, so you hide it deep inside Reason why? How can you change what was written? Easy, don't focus your brain on what they mentioned I got so used to tryin to make do I feel like I'm cheatin when I'm faced with a breakthough The man in the mirror keep sayin "I hate you" I respond like "Lil' nigga, I made you" Slay those sayin they could break you so when I take a break I go ape come back and play fool When they think they won that's when I crush 'em Change is imminent, I evolve so it's nothin What's the discussion? Charles Hamilton [B.o.B - over Chorus] Yeah man, November 4th Remember remember the 4th of November Ah ha ha ha ha ha, yeah This is B.o.B and I approve this message He he he he he, ahhhhhh~! Artist: B.o.B Album: B.o.B Vs. Bobby Ray Song: Do You Have the Stamina? Typed by: jamx3k@yahoo.com [Intro: sample from Kanye West's "Pinocchio Story"] "Do you really have the stamina? For everybody that sees you that say, 'Where's my camera?' For everybody that sees you, to say sign a autograph For everybody that sees you cry, and say you oughta laugh You oughta laugh!" [Chorus: Kanye West sample] + (B.o.B) "Do you really have the stamina?" (Do you have the stamina) "For everybody that sees you that say, 'Where's my camera?'" (Where's my camera) "For everybody that sees you, to say sign a autograph" (Sign an autograph) "For everybody that sees you cry, and say you oughta laugh" (You oughta laugh) "You oughta laugh!" [Verse One: B.o.B.] Well, posing for pictures and living on a poster The hardest thing for me is to keep my compsure I ain't always happy, and I ain't always sad But when the spotlight is on, you have to handle the task And even the people who swear they love so bad A go and put your dirty laundry on the cover of mags Then everyone sees it and gets a good laugh And now your whole persona is just a thing of the past Now, when people see they ignore all the pain They only think about the rumors and mistakes you made So that's why I don't read all the comments on the blogs Everybody's a fan if you boo or applaud Now give me your energy, even if you're my enemy Or trying to be friends with me, aggressively or timidly Put my next to anyone in this industry You still will never find someone that's in my league [Verse Two: B.o.B.] Celebrity this, celeberity that Reality TV fiends addicted like crack and smack My business is rap, and my business is politicing with that And then my business is put on the map Yeah, the bigger I get, the better the hat The bttter the slacks, the better the shirts, the more I adapt The more you pay attention to my sentences The more you'll realize why I'm a lyrcist And why I sacrafice my time for this experience And why my album still isn't in your speakers yet You think you know me now, and you ain't even seen me yet Well, except maybe on your TV set Bring the bridge [35 second Instrumental Break] {*Scratched: "Bring the bridge"*} Artist: B.o.B f/ Bun B, OJ Da Juiceman Album: B.o.B vs. Bobby Ray Mixtape Song: I Am the Man Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash I am the man, I am the man, am the man I am the man, I am the man, am the man {*4X*} [B.o.B] Geah; up in this booth, so let me introduce myself to all the haters that debate on what I do Yeah, they in my face but I fade away and shoot I - beat up the basket that's the way I do Yuh! Just like a bottle of vodka, I'm Absolut The proof is in the product, I'm hotter, and that's the truth I squish the competition with the bottom of my shoe But competition is none, so what am I to do? And I was worth it, yeah - since they birthed me But now I've murdered these verses put 'em in hearses I, ate all the food on my plate but I am thirsty From open mics, the flashing lights, I learned it And what I learned is the game ain't for certain So I live my life, I ain't worried while I fly my high behind curtains [OJ Da Juiceman] Down South hustlin, came up from nothin Trap in the apartment, with a controlled substance Livin with my momma, 'til I got busted Down on my dick, maybe start back hustlin Moto' crack workin, so I'm bailin money Sick cell phone, distributin to the junkies McDonald trap got me gettin to the money Turn the warm water then I count up the hundreds Murder by trap, hand it down for the zombie One trap car and it was mainly for the junkie Been a damn man ever since I was a young'n Blue color chain like it came from Yonkers Candy colored jewelry like my name was Willy Wonka Came to the club, truck tall like a Tonka [Bun B] I, am the man, makin jumbo Keep the game hot like a big pot of gumbo Do dumb shit, but don't be thinkin that I'm dum, bro Watch what you say, I hear it all like I'm Dumbo You say you wanna rumble? Is your dumb hoe? Toe to toe you're bound to stutter or stumble Take your tough talk down to a mumble It ain't goin down in my house, like Mutumbo But it's definitely an honor to light your scaff' up for the money like I'm a brawner brother, brother I consider it a pleasure to break you down to minimum measure, just for the leasure (The leasure~?) Oh shit, my bad, I mean the leisure Forgot who I was talkin to like I got amnesia Damn, back on the track again, the mack is back again Get the word out to them boys and tell 'em pack it in Artist: B.o.B f/ Killer Mike, Playboy Tre Album: B.o.B vs. Bobby Ray Mixtape Song: Say What You Want Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Michael Jackson] "Say, say, say, what you want  But don't, play, games..." {*FURY*} [B.o.B - with Michael Jackson sample in background] Go right ahead, say whatever you want, please That's it? Go ahead, I'm here all day {*yawning*} Ahhh Yup! Ha ha, yup, well [B.o.B.] Say what you like, but I just, take a little knife, and then I make a little slice, and then I, take a little bite, yum! So miss me with all that doubt, what they all talkin about? Talkin 'bout I ain't dope? What the hell are y'all bloggin about? I'm the authority now, and I'm the priority now So if you ain't on my side, might as well just throw in ya towel Oh how cocky of me~! To speak so highly of me They say I'm crazy now; I guess I'll hire a shrink And this is just how I feel - why would I lie on a beat? But y'all be sleepin on me, so I guess y'all +lie+ on the beat Heh! Well that went over yo' head And I'm B.o.B a/k/a Bobby Ray so don't you ever forget, yeah "Say, say, say, what you want" {*4X*} [Playboy Tre] Yeahhhh It's Playboy Tre bitch I'm back, once again where the fuck we at? Standin strong and you can run and tell them sucka niggaz that Gimme my Henn', gimme my cup, play my beat and leave me 'lone And you can bet, I'ma bring that fuckin trophy back home Yellin hoo-ray, hoo-rah; either way I want my moolah like it's payday, and I ain't leavin the game until I say say It's +Tre Day+, I fuck Deltas to the AKA's to ghetto ass hoes who name they bad-ass son Tay-Tay Ray-Ray, and Day-Day, I'm bustin like a AK Fuck around and find yo' ass in a motherfuckin melee So say what you will nigga, you can talk it, or blog it Like diarrhea to toilet stools, I ain't comin off it - naw! "Say, say, say, what you want" {*4X*} [Killer Mike] Westside O.G. everybody know he can not be held back It's Killer Kill from the 'ville don't mess don't chill Been buckin since that crack Fat boy, fly boy, fly boy, fat boy Know these hatin ass niggaz hate that I prevail in spite of Hell and now I'm boss hoggin in a 'llac Actually, it's a Benz my friend; I just rhymed this shit for a rap And - actually I got businesses; I ain't really gotta motherfuckin rap I'm talkin barbershops and corner sto', independent label GTO 'Bout to open a studio, bet'cha y'all'll love me then Get yo' ass a record deal and buy yo' fonky publishin Say what you like, but don't fuck with Mike I'm a lot of J Prince and a little Suge Knight I'm throwed in the game like a basketball I'm a big dawg, you're a flea on my balls What you say don't pay so sincerely I say motherfuck yo' mommas and alla y'all! Yeah lil' bruh, y'knahmsayin? This the big dawg right here, man it's ya big dawg Mike Bigga is bigga y'know? Known as Killer Kill from the 'ville I just wanna say lil' bruh man I'm proud of you lil' bruh Y'knahmsayin, with "Who is B.o.B?" And now you sayin man it's Bobby Ray I respect it bruh! No I respect it like when Muhammad Ali came out of Cassius Clay man So I'm happy to meet Bobby Ray lil' bruh And let me tell you somethin lil' bruh ANY HATER man, any hater, that come up against you bruh He don't wanna see the crystal He don't love the 'coustic guitar He want you to AutoTune Tell him to suck TEN THOUSAND WEE-WEE man And big bruh said that man! Knahmsayin? Tell him to play booty hole games at the motherfuckin... at at Tell him to play at the at at at as the bulldog do, y'knahmean? But Don't play with Bobby Ray man I'm fuckin with ya hard man Grind Time rap game bang bang bang man Um he dope cause I said so, holla at me Westside O.G., everybody know me, fo'real~! Artist: B.o.B f/ Mickey Factz, Playboy Tre Album: B.o.B vs. Bobby Ray Mixtape Song: Voltage Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro/Chorus: B.o.B] Well she strike like a lightning bolt She highly electric, a thousand volts yeah She'll shock you up out your clothes One strike then there she go I'm talkin 'bout her  Oh yeah! I'm talkin 'bout her Oh yeah! I'm talkin 'bout.. [repeat 2X over end of Chorus] (Talkin 'bout her man) (Oh yeah) [Playboy Tre] Now baby girl's highly electric, cute but deceptive Straight high voltage, fool with the poses Will I smoke it? Ye ain't gotta ask me I make her strip like Puff did Cassie Frank White, Lil' Kim, lick her on her chest Ain't nothin like a tit with a lil' Henn' Got her new, tryin to get it in Sayin shit like "Girl just once let me put it in" I'm talkin 'bout her Talkin 'bout girl, you fine as fuck So talk about me, up in that P Leg to the West, one leg to the East (spread 'em) And let me go deep, like Roddy White Stood up in it and the girl got hype But man I don't know, somethin ain't right Shawty got different niggaz callin all night I'm talkin 'bout her [Mickey Factz] Jack in, jack in Givin me a feeling like a Blackwood, Blackwood Momma's so appealing and I got this, option that we can get it poppin And right after I plug her I can take her to an outlet for shopping, shopping But I don't know if I trust her So I gotta go, peace out, he's out like all up in my head tweaked out Keep out, I don't know what to think, she's out on the town gettin frisky Raising the hairs on my arm when she with me Shorty got charm Lucky just to be with her, breathe with her But T-R-E's with her, and he did her Deliver her to me, currently, it worries me what her and he did vertically If I see her with him I pass out No bolts, no volts or pulse I black out Ow! [over end of Chorus] (I'm talkin 'bout her bro) (You mean her?) (Yeah her bro) (Hehehehe) [B.o.B] I'm talkin 'bout she's so psychadelic She's so cool you can tell she gellin (hehe~!) And Led Zeppelin sell it If she were a statue, she'd be a relic Strikin like venom, in all white denim Sugar in the brain cells on my neurons I'm on her like the Hamburgler on buns Runnin like the marathon you run Someone gave her a medallion Kickin like kung-fu from Shaolin Which means how she looks is arousing And so I'm thinkin how lucky her blouse is, yeah Built like brick houses Appraised at about eight hundred thousand, heh And so the whole place shoutin So for her I gotta scream this ballad, like Artist: B.o.B f/ T.I. Album: Who The F#*k Is B.o.B/ B.o.B Vs. Bobby Ray Song: I'm Dat Nigga Typed by: jamx3k@yahoo.com [Intro: sample] I'm that nigga, I'm that nigga, I'm that nigga, I'm that nigga [Chorus: repeat 4X] Ain't I clean? That machine, super cool, super mean I'm that nigga, I'm that nigga, I'm that nigga, I'm that nigga [T.I talking over the chorus] Yeah, so You already know, Hey I'm the hottest nigga you done heard in a long time Introducing you to the hottest nigga you heard in a long time Hey [Verse One: T.I.] Mega pimp, super clean, the coolest in the universe Niggaz hating on what he doing just mad cuz they ain't do it first His name pop up when you hit play or on your Google search Bitches bow they head and bend they knees just like they do in church Drop dope into her purse before you get into her skirt She agree to do the work before she get into the vert Till my pine box drop down into the dirt I'm a be by far the hottest nigga, known to the Earth In the air, I fly, can't compare my Swagger to another rapper, don't you dare try Anyone with a pair of eyes can look and see No legacy will ever be next to me or near by Though I invite you all to try, hey, I'm a fair guy Just approach with caution, be aware because I don't share my Throne, my crown I own  Hottest flow on any song, I'm on, I'm gone, nigga [Break: sample] I'm that nigga, I'm that nigga, I'm that nigga, I'm that nigga [T.I talking over chorus] Hey! B.o.B, you up next, baby! Hey! Grand Hustle, nigga! If I ain't the hottest nigga on the universe I guess I'll have to do until he gets here, nigga! [B.o.B] Here I go! [T.I.] Hey Call me a lie, nigga! Yeah [Verse Two: B.o.B] I'm that nigga that you heard about by word of mouth They probably say I change the music in the dirty south Now that the word is out, the timing is perfect now To take all of these hypocritical rumor and burn em down If you observe the doubt, you'd see what they worried about They say I sound like Dre when I'm rapping my verses now Honestly, I could give a fuck what you're blurting out Point, blank, I'm in the game rocking my jersey now So jazz it to me or pay me no mind Either way you're gonna be hearing me all of the time Whether on Greg Street or 107.9 Or on your favorite rap blog on your favorite rap website And if that ain't right show me straight to the judge Just like Brian Nichols I ain't spitting nothing but slugs Venemous blood in my veins, chemicals up in my brain Yes I resemeble a criminal, B.o.Bizzle, you ain't fucking with mayn [Break] [Outro: T.I.] + (B.o.B) Okay, you got that (I'm gone, mayn I kinda, I kinda feel like I got you, man) Hehehe (I had to kinda show you up, man I ain't really wanna make you look bad, really, honestly) Ay, man, ay man that laughing, that laugh is natural Because I'm literally amused by your sentiment I mean if you really feel that, know what I'm sayin That the likes of the second verse can even Slighlty compare with the immaculence (Hahaha) Then I must take a chuckle...Hahaha You know what I'm saying, but never no mind (We can have em blog about it) Abosulutely, man, I'll let you guys be the judge (You know you gonna do it anyway, fuck it) B.o.B or T.I.P. Know what I'm saying, you be the judge, dog (Which could be the better acronym for the song) But you know what either way it's Grand Hustle! Hahahaha (Ah-haha) [Chorus until fade] Artist: B.o.B Album: B.o.B vs. Bobby Ray Mixtape Song: Fly Like Me Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro] Ah-hah a-hah! Ehehehehe I'm just doin my thang man But they can't do it quite like me Cause they not like me I put my shoes on like ya, my shirt on like ya My jeans on like ya, but I ain't nothin like them Put my shades on like ya, set my rims high like ya Keep a bad bitch like ya, but I ain't nothin like them naw You - cain't be - fly - like - me (ayyy) {*3X*} Cause you - just - ain't B.o.B [B.o.B - talking over second half of Chorus to start] Aight look Jam out I... pull up to the parking lot Tinted windows on the car ain't stock And you already know how I do it when I do it When I hop up out the car they stop Straight pimpin in my LRG Creative wreck on my feet So ev'rybody looking at my toes as I creep Quit lookin cause you ain't got these I talk it, how I, wanna, talk it Y'all already what the pen is for Soon as I hit the club Ev'rybody crabbin on me cause they wish they was I wish I could, go back when Back when I didn't get too much To show y'all haters how I came up when y'all label it love So I get fresher, deffer than you You cain't be me, don't thank you could Yeah Eastside, Hemp Squad on deck Straight up slangin dat wood Handle dat good; man you can have that back Grippin woodgrain like Cadillac I see yo' Charger, bet mines harder Whippin that black on black [B.o.B] Ah ha, a-hah~! Yeah... look Well I ain't nothin like y'all Stay fresh from Winter to Fall And y'all already know how I move when I move when I come through the do' they pause Lookin fresh in my Moschin' With them Academik jeans With them Oakleys on my face I can see you but you cain't see me Cause I walk it, how I, wanna, walk it Y'all already know I'ma let them hang Soon as I hit the stage man I get thangs shakin like a 8 point 8 And to this day, I don't play I came from the struggle so I'm 'bout my pay I want them marble countertops Forget them paper plates! Cause you not me and I'm not like you A whole bunch of real players in my crew But nowadays e'rybody so fake that you can only trust a few Think I'm talkin 'bout you? Well then I probably am If the shoe fit put it on yo' foot Yeah, Eastside, Hemp Squad on deck Straight up slangin that wood [Outro] (I hear you talkin) I hear you talkin (But I really don't hear a thing) Naw (So keep on tryin) Keep on tryin (But you don't be nuttin like me) Ha ha ha ha (I hear you talkin) I hear you (But I really don't hear a thing) Naw (So keep on tryin) Keep on (But you don't be nuttin like me) Nah (I hear you talkin) Ha ha ha (But I really don't hear a thing) That what they do? (So keep on tryin) (But you don't be nuttin like me) They just try (I hear you talkin) Keep on (But I really don't hear a thing) (So keep on tryin) Yup (But you don't be nuttin like me) Nah You cain't do it man, that's just how I do it B.o.B, I'm nuttin like you you nuttin like me Ha ha ha ha Ahhh, wooooooo! Artist: B.o.B Album: B.o.B vs. Bobby Ray Mixtape Song: Bobby Ray Intermission Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [B.o.B] My name is Bobby Ray And this my side of the mixtape The songs that you are about to hear Naw I'm just jokin, heh heh My name is Bobby Ray I am the guy, that plays, B.o.B I am the guy, that you see on the TV screen That... B.o.B is like my alter ego And you know this side, this, this mixtape is to truly, get you to understand who I really am, and the music, that I really make The sound that I have been crafting for years from doin open mics, to doin arenas To goin right back, to venues, gettin stared at You know, just everything Everything that I've been workin on, I've put it, into songs And now I will share them with you for free I'm doin this STRICTLY, to give you music That's the only reason I do it So without further adieu, I introduce to you Bobby Ray Artist: B.o.B Album: B.o.B vs. Bobby Ray Mixtape Song: Satellite Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash {*deep breathing starts 0:13, continues underneath*} [Intro] Systems, go Satellite, satellite Minus, ten Twilight, twilight [B.o.B] I feel the moon Pulling me away Into the blue of the midnight sky If you can do You and I can do The things they into and just feel the vibe [Chorus: repeat 2X] So can we get a "systems go" And blast off like a satellite, satellite Launching in minus ten (T minus ten) Headed straight to the twilight, twilight [B.o.B] Well as I'm headed to the sky way up above me I feel my body spinnin, feelin free and lovely I am the rumblin sea, so come with me on this midnight vibe And you can feel it if you tune into your radio Look at the sky, look at the moon, look at the way it glow I ain't no ghost, so don't be afraid to go on this midnight vibe [B.o.B] Like an astronaut, floating off into the beyond Entering into dimensions no one has ever yet seen before I do not need an engine, I can ascend into the dark Remember a dream is never a dream is never a dream y'all Is never a dream y'all Is never a dream y'all Is never a dream Midnights vibe [Intro] - 3X (*sans last line third time*) Artist: B.o.B Album: B.o.B vs. Bobby Ray Mixtape Song: Wonderland Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro/Chorus] You would rather be, far away Just to have it go, all your way But can you afford the, cost you pay You're living in a dangerous, wonderland {*5X*} [B.o.B] Well welcome to the wonder, the land of make believe That make you believe you're safe, because this is the place to be You feel alright as long as the famine and war stay overseas And anyone over the border you look at like the opposing team Is this what it's 'sposed to be? Or am I just talkin emotionally? What if I expose my beliefs, that I hold real close to me? Would you call me crazy and put my face all over ya mag-a-mazines Tell me, do you actually think I'm as the same as the half you have seen? [B.o.B] When I say the masses, millions of kids in classes One of them got kept backwards, for failure to do what they asked him They will say he was stubborn and acted, like he wasn't the son of a pastor So he got him a pen and pad then, started rappin and singin and clappin Just to make the days go by faster, and one day he decided he'd it And he left and he never look back at, all the relative mathematics So he took the lies and subtracted them and divided them like a fraction And he opened his eyes and realized, that he tapped into the galactic Off he blasted [Chorus] - 2X [Interlude] Won-der-land {*16X*} [Outro] You would rather be, far away Just to have it go, all your way But can you afford the, cost you pay You're living in a dangerous, wonderland Artist: B.o.B Album: B.o.B vs. Bobby Ray Mixtape Song: Mr. Bobby Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [repeat 2X] Everything that I say, hey, is gonna be alright (alright) [Intro/Chorus] Hey Mr. Bobby (hey Mr. Bobby) Sing somethin good to me (so good so good so good ohh) And this world's so crazy (this world is crazy) so it's an emergency Hey Mr. Bobby (hey Mr. Bobby) Sing something good to me (so good so good so good ohh) And this world's so crazy (this world is crazy) so it's an emergency [B.o.B] Somebody tell me what's wrong (wrong) I get in my car and my radio is gone (so?) But even when I had it they ain't never play my song (song) Instead, what they playin got me bored and withdrawn (withdrawn) Well I am not a hipster, I am not a clone (nah) Don't ask what I got on, cause I wear what I want (want) And yes sometimes I swear, someone's listenin to my phone (phone) I'm livin in a world that ain't fair, but so long (goodbye) Now people say [repeat 2X] Everything that I say, hey, is gonna be alright (alright) [B.o.B] Yes I can hear them sing (sing) Bobby Screamin out, yeah but they souls sayin "save me" (save me) Hands high, this is an invasion ('vasion) It's obvious, somethin came upon us and enslaved us (enslaved us) Why we tryin to make it on these bare minimum wages? (yeah) Overdraft fees on my Wachovia statement (yeah) I'm still livin in a basement (yeah) Tryin to make music for the folks who endangered, sang it [repeat 2X] Everything that I say, hey, is gonna be alright (alright) [Interlude] Hey, hey hey~! Now everybody say alright (alright) Geah geah geah geah Now everybody say alright (alright) Now say alright (alright) Now say alright (alright) Now say alright (alright) Say alright (alright) Artist: B.o.B Album: B.o.B vs. Bobby Ray Mixtape Song: Trippin' Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [B.o.B] Hahhh! Okay, alright Yeaah yeaah, let's go Yeah Ah-hah, ah-hah I think I'm trippin Trippin trippin to the flo' That's feelin different (different different) Much more different then befo' Yeah I'm trippin (yeah I'm trippin) From the ceiling to the flo' Feelin different cause I'm trippin to the flo' flo' flo {*5X*} [B.o.B] Started with no books and pages Just stick it out in the hood I was raised in Cause see the hood ain't no location The hood is simply where you place me See now when I look at faces I give a dap and a good vibration Cause there's no reason you should be faithless cause look at how far a hook can take you From up here Earth looks amazing That's Ram invading human races And there's no reason to debate it I am the universe and you're crazy Now let's take a new vacation I was thinking Jupiter, Pluto maybe See I ain't crazy I'm just tryin to wake up, and I ain't patient {*ad libbed noises and laughing*} [Chorus] - repeat 2X Artist: B.o.B Album: B.o.B Vs. Bobby Ray Song: Goodnite Typed by: jamx3k@yahoo.com [Chorus: B.o.B] My soul is getting weary, weary And I know the ending is nearing, nearing tonight So just say goodbye and kiss your dreams goodnight So just say goodbye and kiss your dreams goodnight [Verse One: B.o.B.] So just say goodnight to your dreams Because tonight is the night of the beast I am not frightened, I'm delighted to speak When the time comes, until the night we will lead That's why I decided to B. O. to the B So, one time for the streets One time for all the minds hypnotized by TV Because everything is just a spiral to me [Break] Goodbye, say goodbye Say goodbye [Verse Two: B.o.B] So get your hands up high No, don't be shy, raise em up to the sky Because we will survive Yeah, storm after storm, there's still sunshine So can you feel the vibe? Yeah, just like yeast, I'm a major rise So just say goodbye And just kiss it goodnight when the day arrives [Break] [Break] - repeat 2X [Break] [B.o.B.] So just say goodbye and kiss your dreams goodnight Artist: B.o.B Album: B.o.B vs. Bobby Ray Mixtape Song: Camera Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro] Okay this is very simple I come in you take your clothes off and I take pictures Mmm'kay? [B.o.B] She gets up and takes a shower Now she's in the mirror for hours By the way she's a model of course Hair all made up and make-up powder Walkin on the runway But she don't know where she goin, she just hopin that she keep rollin, childhood broken Ten years later now she's a hoe And everybody wonder why does she act so cold Cause all that attitude ain't natural Leave that drama on at the do' Cause I ain't really into all that there folk [Interlude] Yes, yes darling you look absolutely magnificent on this wonderful and spectacular evening, but umm Would you mind showing some more cleavage would you then? Watch, her take off her bra Posing like a star Smiling for the camera, camera Ahh, she's a movie star With that runway walk Just smiling for the camera, camera [B.o.B] She from a town far away Then she moved to the A to go to Georgia State And then she got turned out, then she dropped out Now she's an actress who wants to sing But ain't nothin pretty She just tryin to mimic the life in the city Tryin to keep up with that limelight livin Just wishin for one audition to video position But that ain't how she used to be at 2 or 3 Now she's a hooochie freak so Daddy want the view it seem Just a lil' ol' cutie with a booty booty [Interlude] Darling, darling~! Why the long face? Why the long face? Everybody loves you girl! Everyone loves you You know you're going to be legendary one day [B.o.B] She dropped out of school at 16 Anti-abortion and dad is missing Then she got her a job at Wendy's 2 years later she's into stripping Twerkin that bunny Just to make her some daycare money And to pay for the rent bill monthly Her son sayin that ain't my mummy But but 15 years down the line She ain't the same and she past her prime Now it's all gone down the drain Say goodbye to all the fame [Interlude] On behalf of Worldwide Incorporated, I'm sorry to inform you that we will no longer need your modeling services darling That's the way the cookie crumbles Stiff up the upper lip - hmm? [Chorus] - 2X Artist: B.o.B Album: B.o.B Vs. Bobby Ray Song: No Man's Land Typed by: jamx3k@yahoo.com [Intro 2X: B.o.B.] Well I live in a no man's land I don't know where I'm going trying to gain a fan I hold on the best that I can Because the deeper I go the quicker the sand [Chorus: B.o.B] Yeah, and everything, it all comes crashing down And every deed, it all comes back around And every thing and every single cloud Becomes the sea and it all comes crashing down And in the midst of everything, I drown As the sky above comes crashing down And in the midst of everything, I drown As the sky above comes crashing down [Break: B.o.B] Sweet dreams, I hold on to Memories, I hold on to [Verse One: B.o.B] I don't think they really, really understand All the pain I feel just to make em jam Now here I go, in the studio Now can you feel my heart? Can you feel my soul? That's they way that I think with every line And I'm a be that deep til the day I die So if you feel me now, sing one time (Ooooohhhh) [Verse Two: B.o.B] The doc said I need to take these everday But I'd rather ride around in a chevorlet I don't wanna pray, I don't wanna meditate I broke up with my girlfriend yesterday If I wanted to, I can do anything I could rap a verse, but I think I'd rather sing Everything comes around like a boomerang Boomerang, rang, boomerang, rang [Outro 8X: B.o.B] I try to hold on, on to everything Sweet memories, but that was yesterday [Break] - repeat 2X over the end of the outro Artist: B.o.B Album: B.o.B vs. Bobby Ray Mixtape Song: Put Me On Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash {*inspired by and sampling from ATCQ "Bonita Applebum"*} [Intro/Chorus: B.o.B] When I wake up, from a full night of sleep I put my best foot forward indeed And as the colors begin to sing They seem to say, to me, come on (Come on, come on, you gotta put me on) You gotta put me on (Come on, come on, you gotta put me on) You gotta put me on (Come on, come on, you gotta put me on) You gotta put me on (Come on, come on, you gotta put me on) You gotta put me on [B.o.B] Ever since I first arrived here I've been, on the run like an idea-r And it, took me a while to get my life steered But now I'm in the moment, while I reside here - geah That's why I coordinate with my gear So you can feel the feng shui soon as I'm near - yuh And people have the nerve to say that I'm weird But you just in a box; so get your mind clear - yuh, yuh That good music man we gotta hear So we can get the vibe high like a light year Or maybe, fly high like five deer Call me Santa Claus, when I come through I gotta put 'em on... On... I gotta put 'em on... [B.o.B.] Well ever since I was 11 I have, found heaven in my self-expression - huh Nope~! My childhood, I never left it Yes, I'm still a big kid though I never stress it Yet, memory is evanescent So I, make moves with a special method That, allow my dreams to get manifested So your plastic promise-land no I can't accept it - huh This life I lead is a varied blessing So, that's why fans have many questions - huh Yet, I still leave many guessing I'm an artist so I gotta have a back collection - I put 'em on... I put 'em on... [Chorus] - 2X [Outro] (Come on, come on, you gotta put me on) You gotta put me on {*4X*} You gotta put me on {*4X*} Artist: B.o.B Album: B.o.B vs. Bobby Ray Mixtape Song: Already There Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Don't be afraid, when I die, because.. [Intro/Chorus: B.o.B] I'm already gone (already gone) I'm already way way way up there I'm already gone (I'm already gone) I'm already gone as I'm way up there I'm all alone (lone lone lone..) I'm all alone (lone lone lone..) I'm all alone (lone lone lone..) I'm all alone as I'm way up there I'm already gone [B.o.B] I think I need to have somebody come and tell me I'm not as crazy, as much as I may be (may be?) Maybe, things were better when I was just a baby (baby?) Cause baby, ha Ignorance is bliss, the older I get, I guess I get too curious Lookin on the internet for interestin shit that's just way too serious [Interlude] Somewhere along the way I done went way too far in space And I guess cain't nobody see me here, cause I'm too far away I said, somewhere along the way I done went way too far in space And I guess cain't nobody see me here, cause I'm too far away [B.o.B] Some people don't ask why (nah) But - I ask why, I ask why (why?) And half the time I try to act right So, I don't catch a bad vibe (nah) Up in the sky like an aeroplane (pyoom) But no I ain't talkin 'bout mary jane (nah) And yes, there's only a few people that know what I mean when I say I'm everythang (ha~!) [Interlude] + [Chorus] [Interlude] - repeat 2X Artist: B.o.B Album: B.o.B vs. Bobby Ray Mixtape Song: B.o.B and Bobby Ray Outro Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [B.o.B] So there you have it! {*claps*} This has been the B.o.B mix {*clears throat*} (and Bobby Ray) The B.o.B +AND+ Bobby Ray mixtape And, YOU KNOW, eh-heh I mean thank y'all for checkin out my side (I know y'all skipped over Bobby Ray's music) (You don't have to tell him) And, y'know It was a great mixtape... (move move move, move, move) {*sighing*} Ladies and gentlemen, my name is Bobby Ray And allow me to appropriately close out this mixtape by letting you know, and informing you {*yawn*} that more music is coming soon Thank you all for checking out, Bobby Ray, and my music Thank you for enjoying such, umm Man man over, ain't nobody care Get, get out, move move Anyway~! Like I was saying, my name is B.o.B (Hater, hater!) And this is, the... (he's a hater) Well uh, hey guess what Bob? Guess what website they're gonna go to? B-O-B-A-T-L dot com Guess what else? They're gonna go to MySpace dot com slash B-O-B-A-T-L Guess what? YouTube dot come slash B-O-B-A-T-L So anyway {*ahem*} like I was saying This has been the "B.o.B vs. Bobby Ray" mixtape So make sure y'all stay tuned Make sure you keep it, LOCKED! Hehehe nah Seriously though, my name is B.o.B a/k/a Bobby Ray You know what? My name is Bobby Ray a/k/a B.o.B This has been the "B.o.B vs. Bobby Ray" mixtape My name is B.o.B Ray and I'm gone! Artist: B.o.B Album: May 25th Song: The Biz Typed by: timm2014@hotmail.com [Intro] Yeah To all my smokers and my hundred blunt rollers No no no no I'm talkin bout Real tokers who ain't never ever sober  Hahaha Yo, yo, yo, yo Check me out now. Check me out now Go head then [Verse 1] Allow me to introduce myself again Bob's out the office but Bobby Ray is in Please leave a message wait, let me get a pen I don't really need it cause I spit it off the lid And every time I come around I look like I'm a pimp Really that's the dip because the ? is on my hip They love me cause I tell 'em what they really wanna hear Slap her on that booty with a hundred dollar bill WHAT!? Nah I'm just playin' man sometimes I kid Just so that my job doesn't get monotonous Crumble up the bud, put it in a spliff Put it in the air like I'm levitating shit They say, "Bob how you feel about the fame?" Really ain't famous till Obama know my name The game's in a drought  It was going down the drain When I come around man its prolly gon' rain (so what's you sayin'?) Maybe I'm just sayin' I can switch up the flow How you can't feel me when I'm rocking this show? Going over seas to a whole 'nother coast Come back get a sack full of that like whoa Yeah I can take you way back like +Whoa+ So listen two me rap sit back like whoa And every time I rip they be like, "That's dope" Yeah that's dope  Nitro like colt, my flow lets go Haha Haha (What you be done?) Yeah (Is that it?) Hell naw, we ain't done (Let's do it) Need to get round two in [Verse Two] Oh oh oh Well the biz, the biz I'm in the music biz I really couldn't tell you what the main objective is Cause really that depends On if you got a hit or just a good song that they never ever spin And then that depends on the genre that you in If you're a rock artist or a hip hop blend That's where I come in They try to box me in But I am not a square nor a parallelogram Yes I got several fans through Japan to Maryland They try to shoot me down but I never ever land And no man could never ever walk in my pants Or live what I've lived  Or be what I am Damn  I don't give a damn  All up in this booth try to lay this shit down Yeah, so let me turn it down We all around it;s a mixtape now Stay tuned for more  And don't turn the dial  Bloaw Artist: B.o.B Album: May 25th Song: Champion *  Typed by: timm2014@hotmail.com * known as 'I Am the Champion' on the NBA Live 2010 Soundtrack [Intro] [Sportscaster talking] Incredible! Incredible! Oh my God. Ladies and gentlemen you have just witnessed world history being made Bobby Simmons, takes it to the hole, dunks it overtime three seconds left, oh my God! Yeah! I am the champion (champion, champion) (okay) I am the champion (champion, champion) (did he just get serious in here?) Lights, cameras, action (action, action) (I think it did) Whenever I play Now say. I am the champion (I am the champion) I am the champion (I am the champion) I say I am the champion (I am the champion) I am the champion (I am the champion) [Verse One] Okay Bob hit the stage now Lights and cameras on Yes I'm givin them want they want But no, I will not ever conform Cause I'm outside of the norm still What a spectacular form From the blood sweat and the tears shed Every time I perform And whenever your doin' your thang Yep, people gonna hate on it usually (that's right) But I'm just as human as you I just look good while doin' it And they telling me I have so much dope I won't know what to do with it Well until then I'm gonna continuin' maneuverin'  Because I am the champion (champion, champion) (What a spectacular athlete) I am the champion (champion, champion) (If I do say so myself) Lights, cameras, action (action, action) (hahaha, seriously) Whenever I play I say. I am the champion (I am the champion) I am the champion (I am the champion) I say I am the champion (I am the champion) I am the champion (I am the champion) [Verse Two] I look in the mirror and laugh Like look at what I've become Everyone calls me Bob but I'm still my mother's son And I'm low key when I'm out now, hell no, fame ain't fun But I stay Live like NBA on yo' Playstation And I entertain' cause I'm in the game It's easy to see I ain't into fame Cause I ain't And critics say that I imitate, but I really can't Please allow me to demonstrate But no matter what they say I stay charged up like a triple A Really maine? Really maine I am the champion (champion, champion) (I wake up and piss excellence) I am the champion (champion, champion) (All day) Lights, cameras, action (action, action) (Please hold your applause) Whenever I play (I'm kind of a big deal) I say. I am the champion (I am the champion) I am the champion (I am the champion) I say I am the champion (I am the champion) I am the champion (I am the champion) [Sportscaster talking] Wow, it seems like the crowd is pandemonium! This is pandemonium! The crowd is rushing the court. And it seems like they're chanting for... What?! What?! Can we get audio? [Bridge] Hoo hoo you be too scared you need to go home Hoo hoo you be too scared you need to go home Hoo hoo you be too scared you need to go home Jeah you need to go home Jeah you need to go home I am the champion (champion, champion) (Hey what can I say?) I am the champion (champion, champion) (hahaha) Lights, cameras, action (action, action) (Please, no interviews) Whenever I play (hahaha) I say. I am the champion (I am the champion) I am the champion (I am the champion) I say I am the champion (I am the champion) I am the champion (I am the champion) Whenever I Whenever I play Play  Whenever I Whenever I play Play Artist: B.o.B. f/ T.I., Playboy Tre Album: B.o.B Presents: The Adventures of Bobby Ray Song: Bet I Typed by: PDog1217@aol.com [Chorus - B.o.B] - w/ ad libs Put me on anything, still I bet I bust Put me anywhere on the map, I bet I bust This is what I does so, please don't gas me up Matter of fact, give me fifteen minutes and a bag of bud - I bet I bust I bet I bust, I bet I bust I bet I, I bet I, I bet I bust, I bet I bust Matter of fact, give me fifteen minutes and a bag of bud - I bet I bust Bust, bust, b-b-bust [Verse 1 - B.o.B] Yo, bud boys, bet I bust, that's just what I does, yes Put me anywhere on the map with a backpack strapped, still I bet I bust Bet I flow, bet I rip this beat, bet I feel that soul Bet I go, bet I bench these niggaz like Ray, sit down bro Bet I know, everything about this game, bet I know my role But they know when I come to the court this is my sport, B dot o B, so, bet I'm gone Bet I'm on a brand new plane, bet I'm in a whole different zone I ain't really from this place, so I'm up all night long Really I'm in outer space, really ain't got no home Really I'm a saint, bet I'm blown, bet I'm thrown Up to the sky, over the ocean, so I'll fly, wherever I'm goin When I'm by, bet I'm focused If it's fire, you can bet I roll it Matter of fact (*lighter flickers*), you can bet I bust [Chorus] - w/ ad libs [Verse 2 - T.I.] Yeah, hey, grab a brown front and center, the King fittin to enter (okay) The room when the boom hit the booth, I deliver The hottest, you probably too small to acknowledge, you Impossible to copy like what everybody try to do We cool as some dudes on them waves out in Malibu I'm fallin hard baseline, ball through the alley-oop (bang!) Comin through this thang like James, in the air off the rim I hang Nigga, this King, pretend you forgot my name if you wanna I'm a come hard like a boner, don't I Make a nigga wanna rebound, turned up all the way, we amped Two or three tramp With 'em in the mill, same Bentley Niggaz said they do it like us, you shittin me? '96, '97 in Atlanta, didn't we, have more blocks than Mutombo, Dikembe? (Bankhead!) For those who can't hold water, need new kidneys Put 'em down under Australia, Sydney (bye) And I'm still representing For the niggaz on the prison yard, tuned in, listening I'm back to doin big things (okay) A sucker lookin for me, start in your bitch's dreams (that's right) Or twenty feet tall standin on the big screen Get dough, big green, my flow sickening, it's the King nigga [Verse 3 - Playboy Tre] Yeah, back with a cup of that liquor, nigga, y'all don't really know Tre Really know me, really know the streets, no, y'all niggaz really ain't G Really ain't hard, never really served no hard, y'all be playin that roll Talkin that pimp shit, never really pimp shit, nah, y'all be savin them hoes But I don't and I won't, I'll get a bitch anytime I want I'm that guy, spit that fire, shake the ground everytime I stomp Beat in the trunk, cup in the air, you can talk shit but I really don't care Man I'm in the Cadillac, gun go rat-a-tat-tat-tat but a nigga ain't scared From that Red, Clay, east of the A, young niggaz get locked up everyday Cops ain't shit, so I drop that shit, have it drop on 'em, make it  through the da-ay Grindin for my pa-ay, it's that nigga Tre-e Bustin like a pistol better believe it when I say - that I bust Artist: B.o.B f/ J. Cole Album: May 25th Song: Gladiator Typed by: timm2014@hotmail.com [Verse One] [B.o.B] Okay so I'm on the beat What am I supposed to rhyme? What am I supposed to do in this booth? Am I to flow a line? What am I a spokesman now? What am I a poster child? What am I supposed to smile? What am I supposed to be the dopest MC to hold this down? What if I wasn't poor as a child? What if I didn't grow up in doubt? I probably shouldn't be smoking so much my mind is over fried But still I notice how Them same folks will smile in your face But behind your back them same folk will frown But that's enough about them, talk about me Yes it's B to the O, I said B to the O and to the B I owe it to the streets And I ain't tryna brag but you know your boys a beast And yeah I gotta eat cause my groceries on this beat And my song will carry on till I no longer speak My soul is also Kosher added to the fact I'm cheap And I put that on my grandma Othella so  Rest In Peace hater [Verse Two] [J. Cole] A many blessings sent from heaven thanking God to be alive Flight attendant woke me up said Mr.Cole you have arrived, welcome In this game the price of fame is steep, Lord help 'em Keep 'em sane Prayin' that the heat won't melt 'em I'm headed to the top I couldn't be more welcome Took the lead role, now look I'm right outside ya peephole That's for the crown holders Never would I dethrone But if you ever leave home don't worry I keep your seat warm So yeah I'm Simba in a sense  I'm the prince, you impostor's no Mufasas, but there's Oscars for you gents When I say I'm better then you niggas don't mean no offense But is clear with no tints man just check the fingerprints You'll see we not the same I got a shit list with lot's of names And plus hit list with of rappers I'ma cock and aim Then it's who shot ya man Finally figured out the game  Got nothin' to lose And a whole fuckin' lot to gain [Outro] [J.Cole] Bwoy. Yeah, nigga. Uh, J. Cole nigga. Yeah. B.o.B nigga Uh, A.T.L. uh. N.C. bwoy. Grand Hustle nigga. Roc Nation nigga. Artist: B.o.B Album: May 25th Mixtape Song: Out of Time Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [B.o.B] Do-do-doo, hello neighbor Wake up now, or say your prayers Put it down, your newspaper Hello there, bad news anchor We don't want, no more favors We ain't gon' die, we ain't gon' lay low To the sky is what we aim for From Venus to Mars, Venus to Mars [Chorus 2X: B.o.B] The tickin clock, the tickin clock is counting down, counting down like Five, four, three, two, one You're out of time, out of time [B.o.B] Like a tornado This world is goin 'round There's nothing to wait for Don't let it weigh you Down.. down.. Down.. down.. I need to release, release all these demons Screamin at me, they must be defeated E-ventually, some time this century Please pardon me, cause me I'm just venting But people will bleed if we don't come to grips with these evil seeds that we plant with big business They never saw the fenceless And still we so senseless [Outro] Like a tornado This world is goin 'round There's nothing to wait for Don't let it weigh you, down Like a tornado This world is goin 'round There's nothing to wait for Don't let it weigh you Down.. down.. down.. down.. Down.. down.. down.. down.. Artist: B.o.B Album: May 25th Song: B Is For B.o.B Typed by: timm2014@hotmail.com Ahhh, man look Check it out I step into the place like so Feelin' real calm cool collected and composed She lookin' like "Nigga, whatcha here fo'?" I'm like, "Don't be actin' like I don't be givin that doe." That thing that you need That thing that you know If we was at sea I would not be a boat Cause I would go deep  Yes down deeper low Right next to the P like L M N O There is no expression No word or phrase I know That would accurately describe The way I feel the most 'Bout them curve and the thighs You know I like the most And if I ever were to t-try to quit I'd just keep goin' Cause just like Clarence Carter baby +I Be Strokin'+ And you like, "Oh my God", I got you soundin' holy I got a s-s-surprise. yeah that right there is golden So hold it Cause this is my job like it ain't nobody's business Tell me whose is this?  B-o-Bizzless Yeah yeah real dirty real gritty Haha And you know we like move In the bedroom like boom-ba-boom-boom Haha Now we change up the tune Now we got a new one rockin' in ooohn I think it's noon and we still ain't through While she in the zone I be up in that poon Ewww  And it's just so nasty That's why the sex is so damn fantastic Trashy, trashy  You ain't gotta ask me Kids close your ears cause this right here is graphic Then we sit down and we brown on that cali-cali Like we in Atlanta in the Caddy I am not a father but she calls me "Daddy" Now my confidence feels awfully fantastic Ha  And that's why she the Cooter Club Captian Cause like this beat she cla-cla-cla-clappin' Artist: B.o.B f/ Asher Roth Album: May 25th Song: Fuck the Money Typed by: timm2014@hotmail.com [Chorus] (B.o.B) Well, I'm a make a lot of money (Make a lot of money) And I'm-and I'm gonna quit this, quit this (Quit this) Crazy scene [B.o.B] Well I'm a quit this crazy scene Cause being famous ain't all what they make it to be But back then y'all this was my favorite dream But now, I wouldn't hesitate I would leave Cause I'ma [Chorus] (B.o.B) Make a lot of money (Make a lot of money) And I'm-and I'm gonna quit this, quit this (Quit this) Crazy scene [Asher Roth] I'm a quit this crazy scene Cause everything you see ain't really how it be Please don't believe in that TV screen I'm sorry kids but there's no such thing I'm gonna Make a lot of money And I'm-and I'm gonna quit this, quit this Crazy scene [B.o.B] Well I'm gonna quit this crazy scene It's funny Cause this is what I waited to be Bein' on stage was amazin' to me But now I'm in the game, it ain't the way that it seems I'ma [Chorus] (B.o.B) Make a lot of money (Make a lot of money) And I'm-and I'm gonna quit this, quit this (Quit this) Crazy scene [Asher Roth] And I don't know how to feel  When this Dream of mine used to be so real I would anything just to sign a deal But now I trade it all for a home cooked meal I wanna [Chorus] (Asher) Make a lot of money And I'm-and I'm gonna quit this, quit this (Then I'm gonna quit this, quit this) Crazy scene [B.o.B] Oh, what? You say it could be worse? Well step in my shoes, put yourself in my shirt I'm only human y'all so we all gotta work But sometimes I wonder why I even came to this earth I'ma [Chorus] (B.o.B) Make a lot of money (Make a lot of money) And I'm-and I'm gonna quit this, quit this (Quit this) Crazy scene [Asher] Look Cause they don't care about us They just use us up Leave us in the dust And it roughs me up So much I could cuss But Enough's enough I want out of these cuffs I'm gonna Make a lot of money And I'm-and I'm gonna quit this, quit this Crazy scene [B.o.B] Sometimes I just feel hopeless Pacin' back and forth, man I can't even focus So I'm always smokin' in the booth recordin' Cause my mind races Like Jeff Gordon I'ma [Chorus] (B.o.B) Make a lot of money (Make a lot of money) And I'm-and I'm gonna quit this, quit this (Quit this) Crazy scene [Asher] It ain't supposed to be so hard I always said I'd quit if it felt like a job I'd rather be pissed than pretend that I'm not And try to play along with the whole facade I wanna [Chorus] (Asher) Make a lot of money (Then I'm gonna) And I'm-and I'm gonna quit this, quit this Crazy scene [B.o.B] It ain't a question to me Look at me I know what I'm destined to be This is spiritual y'all I'm wrestlin' beasts But pretty soon I'll be restin' in peace I'ma [Chorus] (B.o.B) Make a lot of money (Make a lot of money) And I'm-and I'm gonna quit this, quit this (Quit this) Crazy scene [Asher] And I don't even wanna be famous And all my close friends become complete strangers Don't try to tell me this is one of these stages Man you don't know me, you only know what my name is I'ma Make a lot of money And I'm-and I'm gonna quit this Crazy scene [B.o.B] But still it just ain't enough Cause the rest of the world still just wakin' up So all the real niggas can relate to this stuff But those who asleep, still hatin' on us Cause I'ma [Chorus] (B.o.B) Make a lot of money (Make a lot of money) And I'm-and I'm gonna quit this, quit this (Quit this) Crazy scene [Asher] It couldn't be more fake When they wine and they dine and they smile and wave But when it comes time to decide your fate They'll sign you on the line right next to Satan I'ma [Chorus] (Asher) Make a lot of money (C'mon man) And I'm-and I'm gonna quit this, quit this (Quit this) Crazy scene [B.o.B] Come y'all, y'all actin' like I can't feel you I can look in your eyes and tell you what you done been through And I could give a fuck because I got bigger issues So at this point in my life How can I get through? [Chorus] (B.o.B) Make a lot of money (Make a lot of money) And I'm-and I'm gonna quit this, quit this (Quit this) Crazy scene [Asher] Okay Yeah, I'll play yo game I'm in I'll dance, I'll rap, I'll sing And use it as a chance to provide some change Just know I'll walk away at the end of the day Right when I [Chorus] (Asher) Make a lot of money (Yeah) And I'm-and I'm gonna quit this, quit this (Quit this) Crazy scene [B.o.B] Look This is my stress reliever But somehow, it became my stress for demons So I get up in this booth and I'm heated Like 'Ye said I'm turnin' atheists into believers I'm [Chorus] (B.o.B) Make a lot of money (Make a lot of money) And I'm-and I'm gonna quit this, quit this (Quit this) Crazy scene [B.o.B] Look A lot of haters attack but It's my job to speak the truth on the track So say what you like, you just givin' me gas So by now, I got enough to drive to Venus and back So I'ma [Chorus] (B.o.B) Make a lot of money (Make a lot of money) And I'm-and I'm gonna quit this, quit this (Quit this) Crazy scene [B.o.B] Fuck the money I'm leavin' I'm goin' back home after I break even I said what I said so as long as I'm speakin' B.o.B got the upper hand as long as I'm breathin' [Chorus] (B.o.B) Well, I'm a make a lot of money (Fuck the money) And I'm-and I'm gonna quit this, quit this (Quit this) Crazy scene [Outro] I'm gone. Peace Well I guess I got problems Dropped outta school ain't think about college So apologies to my mother and father For being stubborn ever since I was a toddler Well I'm a quit this crazy dream Cause when I hit the stage all the ladies scream And when I pass by they all waving at me But I be getting tired, y'all pray for me [Verse Two] [Asher Roth] I feel you B.o.B I feel you man That's why I... Artist: B.o.B Album: May 25th Song: The Rain Typed by: timm2014@hotmail.com And there you are standing all alone, in the rain like oh no And you don't know where to go, cause you're in the rain And there you are standing all alone, in the rain like oh no And you don't know where to go, but you're in the rain And it keeps pouring down on you ,the suns gone and your feelin' blue And it's pouring down on you, but you keep on movin' through And it's pouring down on you, the suns gone and your feelin' blue And there you are standing all alone in the rain And the rain comes pouring down Yeah yeah [Verse One] By no means am I livin' in vain, but I Sit in the rain, I'm addicted to pain yeah It feels good when it enters my veins And every time I wake up it's a similar day Cause I'm stuck in my ways And everywhere I go the suns runnin' away But this is what I get for my troublesome ways So here comes the rain to fuck up my parade I ain't got nothing to say And there you are standing all alone, in the rain like oh no And you don't know where to go, cause you're in the rain And there you are standing all alone, in the rain like oh no And you don't know where to go, but you're in the rain And it keeps pouring down on you ,the suns gone and your feelin' blue And it's pouring down on you, but you keep on movin' through And it's pouring down on you, the suns gone and your feelin' blue And there you are standing all alone in the rain And the rain comes pouring down Yeah yeah [Verse Two] And as I fall into the rain Swimmin' through the flood, tryin' to unclog the drain If you tryin' to find me my address is Memory Lane Livin' amongst the darkness, so the dungeon is my domain Higher than the mountains feeling lower than the plains But this is what I chose so how can I complain? And tryin' to find some brain is, really not my aim Stuck inside my head, so it replays again And there you are standing all alone, in the rain like oh no And you don't know where to go, cause you're in the rain And there you are standing all alone, in the rain like oh no And you don't know where to go, but you're in the rain And it keeps pouring down on you ,the suns gone and your feelin' blue And it's pouring down on you, but you keep on movin' through And it's pouring down on you, the suns gone and your feelin' blue And there you are standing all alone in the rain And the rain comes pouring down Yeah yeah Artist: B.o.B Album: May 25th Mixtape Song: Uno Is My Numeral Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro] B.o.B!!! (DJ Drama, fuck these niggaz up) Ha ha, wooo (get em nagga) B.o.B mayne, Eastside of Atlanta [B.o.B] B.o.B - uno is my numeral They said hip-hop was dead, I must have missed the funeral Cause see what happened was, they started assumin stuff Cause I don't think the Bible is gon' to get here soon enough I like thick hoes that like to get they booty rubbed So when I am in the room with her, that's what I do to her I send her ass to Jupiter, stretch her uterus And when I'm through with her, man I put my boot in her (ooohhh!) Hehe, see y'all can miss me with that silly shit I fittin to ride for my hood, I ain't Benedick I go extra extra hard, I ain't fin' to quit I'm in this thing for the bread, I ain't in for friends And yeah I spit it off the brain, I ain't in the pants No I can't pretend, my nigga I'm genuine Okay~! so let me tell you what I'm interested in Big fat-ass blunts of kush and twins Artist: B.O.B Album: May 25th Song: Surprise Me Typed by: timm2014@hotmail.com [B.O.B] Well you know who it is you ain't even got to ask it I am not the best I am the next level past it [x3] Haters see me passing like damn that bastard (dammit) Cause they outta style like the water bed mattress Yeah yeah, they thought I'd fade to the blackness Now they see me everywhere like Samuel L Jackson (mothafucka) But I ain't actin=', I'm only givin' classes And by the looks of these grades niggas ain't passin' No, it's crazy how these niggas think They be actin' like I ain't like Howard in the paint Like trees and Cali man, all I do is blaze And they say I'm like a zombie Cause all I want is brains Mine Yes, mine mine mine Yeah you look good girl but what is on your mind? Think about it  Cause all these dimes  Like Nationwide, they just wanna be on my side But baby this is all I can provide The whole town'll have water if I lay this pipe I'm on top of the world and I'm so high  I gotta drop down just to catch my flight Yikes What amazing heights Gee wilikers Batman, holy satellites Who the hell are you to tell me ease up on this mic? You, sadly have mistaken me for someone that I'm nite I mean not I messed up But I rock with this stuff So my stocks just went up You know my flow Yeah it's B dot O Yeah it's B dot O Yeah it's B dot O And you know my flow Yeah I hear them talkin' with that raspy shit (shhh) But what's an upper class man to a graduate? I said {mumbling} and you laugh to it I'm just playin' with these niggas I ain't mad at 'em But since you critics want to be that adamant I guess I give you reason to type on your keypad again Yeah I buy buzz and got the whole web chatterin' How ironic? In my past it ain't matter then Well, it comes with the territory My life is not an ordinary story Naw, and I ain't talking big  This is just how I feel about the situation that I'm in Yeah No you can never walk in my shoes dawg Even if I got my dude to make your shoes dawg You know about that south we act like fools dawg Your girl says she like that country smooth drawl That's why there's groupies ready to remove draws They be going heavy duty til that Goose gone Every single day I wake up to a new song That's the sound of my formal introdushon I mean tion What's up?  You know, my flow Cause it's B dot O And it's B dot O And it's B dot O And you know, my flow So to all the people that's about to hate it Here's how I feel about you {burps} There, I demonstrated Ha, a politician so opinionated So my style is addictive like simple lemonade is I'm in the building and I'm finna hit the stage You can feel the tension and the sense of mental stimulation If she's with me than she's not your lady And as we can see, she loves my babies Me go so crazy  Me go so loco lately Mostly because they raised me No heat, no cold, no A.C. Yeah I'm just saying how I feel up in this booth One of y'all surprise me and do something new Artist: B.o.B Album: May 25th Song: Don't Feel So Good Typed by: timm2014@hotmail.com [Intro] Oh whoa They say life's for livin' Well I don't feel so good today I guess I'll drift away I just get this feelin' Because this system is a cage Like the prison gates Dnd if you don't feel it Then how come Independence Day Is just a holiday I get the feeling that this boat (I feel this boat) Is a type of sink, cause it can't float (it can not float) And i get the feeling that we're close (I feel we're close) To the end of the thing that we all know (that we all know) [Verse Two] Well excuse my expression But I don't give a fuck today So there's not much to say  Hey Well I went to my bed But crazy thoughts kept running through my head I need some Sudafed Well if you were my mirror Then you would see a very sad look on my face The life of Bobby Ray Hey I get the feeling that this boat (I feel this boat) Is a type of sink, cause it can't float (it can not float) And i get the feeling that we're close (I feel we're close) To the end of the thing that we all know (that we all know) [Verse Three] Well if I gave you a few words to show my most genuine emotion They would not describe the way I feel inside Actually you would have to experience an explosion So I, just learn to control 'em Keep my spirit high to keep my gundilini flowin' Through the the 7-point chakra system From my toes to the top of my head And in between my shoulders If ya don't know than you probably can't focus On nothin' but it's easy, so your mind ain't yours You're getting lied to and you don't even know it! (Damn) The youths so blind but they eyes wide open I get the feeling that this boat (I feel this boat) Is a type of sink, cause it can't float (it can not float) And i get the feeling that we're close (I feel we're close) To the end of the thing that we all know (that we all know) Artist: B.o.B Album: May 25th Mixtape Song: 2010 Typed by: AZ Lyrics I was on Miami Beach Saw the girl of my fantasy She was into finer things Bathing suits and diamond belly rings She was something like I've never seen Made me blow the whistle like the referee Inside her is where I plan to be And so to get her I'd do anything Maybe even start a family Or even get a house in Sandy Springs She's so lovely like a melody So baby, won't you come and jam with me? And she was so cool Like the other side of a pillow So baby, let's groove Like an instrumental And she was so cool Like the other side of a pillow So baby, let's groove Like an instrumental Well come on over to my place No need to be wasting time You really must be from Outer Space Cause' you really is blowing my mind Now I done been from state to state But I ain't never seen your kind Cause' every single time I look at you Sends a tingling down my spine Well girl, you must be mighty exhausted Running these laps through my mind so often Cause' I been falling, and I been calling I think I need a map cause' I'm so lost in The things you do when you brush your hair When you take it to the side and toss it over there And it ain't that fair, cause' the way she move I stare And she was so cool Like the other side of a pillow So baby, let's groove Like an instrumental And she was so cool Like the other side of a pillow So baby, let's groove Like an instrumental And she's so cool Cool like a pool in the middle of June I sweep her off her feet I guess you could say that I give her the broom And she gets so international with it Whenever she get in the mood Cause' she's so Australlian Down under on my didgeridoo And she be killing it too, yeah When she go in for the gold Like a gymnast move Oh, and what they saying is true Yeah, a lady in the bed but a freak in the room That's why she's cooly, cooly, cooly Like a smoothie and jacuzzi The opposite of Judge Judy When she on duty And she feeling me too And she was so cool Like the other side of a pillow So baby, let's groove Like an instrumental And she was so cool Like the other side of a pillow So baby, let's groove Like an instrumental Artist: B.o.B Album: May 25th Song: Cool Side Typed by: timm2014@hotmail.com [Verse One] I was on Miami Beach Saw the girl of my fantasy She was into finer things Bathing suits and diamond belly rings She was something like I never seen Made me blow the whistle like the referee Beside her is where I plan to be And so to get her I'd do anything Maybe even start a family Or even get a house in Sandy Springs She's so lovely like a melody So baby, won't you come and jam with me? [Chorus] [x2] And she was so cool Like the other side of a pillow So baby, let's groove Like an instrumental [Verse Two] Well come on over to my place No need to be wasting time You really must be from outer pace Cause you really is blowing my mind Now I done been from state to state But I ain't never seen your kind Cause every single time I look at you Sends a tingling down my spine Well girl, you must be mighty exhausted Running these laps through my mind so often Cause I been fallin', and I been callin' I think I need a map cause' I'm so lost in The things you do when you brush your hair When you take it to the side and toss it over there And it ain't that fair, cause the way she move I stare [Chorus] [x2] And she was so cool Like the other side of a pillow So baby, let's groove Like an instrumental [Verse Three] And she's so cool Cool like a pool in the middle of June I sweep her off her feet I guess you could say that I give her the broom And she gets so international with it Whenever she get in the mood Cause she's so Australian Down under on my didgeridoo And she be killin' it too, yeah When she go in for the gold Like a gymnast move Oh, and what they saying is true, yeah A lady in the bed but a freak in the room That's why she's cooly, cooly, cooly Like a smoothie in a jacuzzi The opposite of Judge Judy When she on duty And she feeling me too [Chorus] [x2] And she was so cool Like the other side of a pillow So baby, let's groove Like an instrumental Artist: B.o.B Album: B.o.B Presents: The Adventures of Bobby Ray Song: Don't Let Me Fall Typed by: PDog1217@aol.com [Chorus 1 - B.o.B] - w/ ad libs Well it was just a dream, just a moment ago I was up so high, lookin down at the sky, don't let me fall I was shootin for stars, on a Saturday night They say what goes up, must come down but don't let me fall Don't let me fall, don't let me fall They say what goes up, must come down but don't let me fall Don't let me fall [Verse 1 - B.o.B.] 'Cause I'm glidin up there, oh so very high That if the, clouds were to drop me, then I'd, fall out the sky I don't really, know why I'm here, I guess I'm, just here for the ride I swear it, feels like I'm dreamin, it's vividly defined, yeah So call me whatever you want, title me whatever you like But let's get one thing straight, you know my name So I run this town, when I'm on this mic Yeah, so here I go, B.o.B, Bobby Ray, I don't know, need I know But I know, that I flow, rack 'em up, knock 'em down, dominoes Then I go, as my story goes I know I've been done down here before Product of my East Decatur home 'Cause I was in the cold, tryin to keep my toes unfroze Now I'm in your house, now I'm in your stove Now I'm everywhere that your iPod go Everything I seen was a dream just a moment ago [Chorus 2 - B.o.B] - w/ ad libs Well it was just a dream, just a moment ago I was up so high, lookin down at the sky, don't let me fall I was shootin for stars, on a Saturday night They say what goes up, must come down but don't let me fall Don't let me fall, don't let me fall They say what goes up, must come down but don't let me fall Don't let me fall, don't let me fall They say what goes up, must come down but don't let me fall Don't let me fall [Verse 2 - B.o.B] Yeah, well I'm from much lower than where that pavement is 'Cause there ain't no parachute that they can make for this 'Cause I put my pain, my heart, my soul, my faith in this Does anyone feel like how I feel? Then you can relate to this Or just blaze of this, maybe roll one up, then take a hit Toast to the good life then take a sip Vaca everyday, yeah take a trip It's easy to see I was made for this From the womb all the way to the grave I spit Just to show y'all niggas what greatness is Yeah, I'm talkin very Lucy, like making movies To picture my life boy, you need a higher resolution I used to cut class in the day, then run away at night But now I'm ruler of the upper class and I don't even write [Chorus 1] - w/ ad libs "Fall" - repeated until the end Artist: B.o.B f/ Bruno Mars Album: B.o.B Presents The Adventures of Bobby Ray Song: Nothin' On You Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com [Chorus: Bruno Mars] (B.o.B) Beautiful girls, all over the world I could be chasin but my time would be wasted They got nothin on YOOOOOOOOOU, baby Nothin on YOOOOOOOOOU, baby They might say hi, and I might say hey But you shouldn't worry, about what they say 'cause they got nothin on YOOOOOOOOOU, baby (Yeah...) Nothin on YOOOOOOOOOU, baby  (Nuh-nuh-nuh-nothin on you babe, nuh-nothin on you) [B.o.B - Verse 1ne] I know you feel where I'm comin from (from) Regardless of the things in my past that I've done (done) Most of really was for the hell of the fun (the uh) On the carousel, so around I spun (spun) With no directions, just tryna get some (some) Tryna chase skirts, livin in the summer sun (sun) And so I lost more than I had ever won (Wha??) And honestly, I ended up with none (Huh??) [Bruno Mars - Pre-Chorus 1] (B.o.B) There's no much nonsense, it's on my conscience I'm thinkin, "Maybe I should get it out" And I don't wanna sound redundant But I was wonderin, if there was somethin that you wanna know (Somethin that you wanna know) But never mind that, we should let it go (we should let it go) 'Cause we don't wanna be a TV episode (TV episode) And all the bad thoughts, just let 'em go (go!) Go (Go!) Go (Heeeeey~!) Beautiful girls, all over the world I could be chasin but my time would be wasted They got nothin on YOOOOOOOOOU, baby (Nuh-nuh-nuh-nothin on you babe, nuh-nottin on you) Nothin on YOOOOOOOOOU, baby (Nuh-nuh-nuh-nothin on you babe, nuh-nothin on you) They might say hi, and I might say hey But you shouldn't worry, about what they say 'cause they got nothin on YOOOOOOOOOU, baby  (Nuh-nuh-nuh-nothin on you babe, nuh-nothin on you) Nothin on YOOOOOOOOOU, baby  (Nuh-nuh-nuh-nothin on you babe, nuh-nuttin on you) Yeaaaaah [B.o.B - Verse 2wo] Hands down, there will never be another one (nope!) I been around and I never seen another one (naaaah..) Because your style they ain't really got nothin on And you out when you ain't got nothin on (Ha ha!) Baby you the whole package, plus you pay your taxes And you keep it real while them other stay plastic You're my Wonder Woman call me Mr. Fantastic Stop... -- Now think about it [Bruno Mars - Pre-Chorus 2] (B.o.B) I've been to London, I've been to Paris Even way out there to Tokyo Back home down in Georgia, to New Orleans But you always steal the show (steal the show) And just like that girl you got me froze (got me froze) Like a Nintendo 64 (sixty-fo') If you never knew, well now you know (know!) Know (Know!) Know (Heeeeey~!) [B.o.B - Verse 3hree] Everywhere I go, I'm always hearin yo' name (name, name, name, name...) And no matter where I'm at, girl you make me wanna sing (sing, sing, sing, sing...) Whether a bus or a plane (plane), or a car or a train (train) No other girls in my brain, and you the one to blame [Outro - B.o.B] Yeah, and that's just how we do it Heheheh, and I'ma let this ride B.o.B and Bruno Mars Artist: B.o.B f/ Lupe Fiasco Album: B.o.B Presents The Adventures of Bobby Ray Song: Past My Shades Typed by: jaysscholar@gmail.com [B.o.B] If you asked me whats on my mind you probably won't believe it Cause if life was one big pool, I'd be in the deep end So I play my role and never ever speak it like a secret And all the while you just just to figure me out [Hook: B.o.B] But you can't see past my shades Past my shades Past my shades And you can't see past my shades Past my shades Past my shades And you can't see past my shades Past my shades Past my shades [B.o.B] Well ask me a question, I tell you no lies Cause there's nothing to hide, my soul's in my eyes And I'm ahead of my time but I cannot rewind The only thing I fear is the mirror in my bathroom People look and try to see a disguise But there is nothing that nobody can't see in light If it's a song with a rhyme or a verse with a line Then you understand in my mind [Hook: B.o.B.] [Lupe Fiasco] Uh, who else but Lu-elz? You know I got two belts, the black and the white one I begin and I master I see in my eye glasses But they saying what I'm seeing through is false like Ross I can hear him through the wall like +Walk This Way,+ trying to dissuade my thoughts I'm a slave to myself and disobeyed my boss It's all in disarray this parade I walk They get amazed when they catch a chain I toss Amidst this array of different ways I talk And it hangs from your brain if my chain you caught Like I cough without covering my mouth I tip the scales like the King of the South Forgot that I was fat, I lost my way But now I'm back looking for the shade I sought And not Wonders, I'm Scott Summers So don't make me take off my stunners Bobby Ray, you know you got my numbers And them deer can't see us like hunters [Hook: B.o.B] Artist: B.o.B f/ Hayley Williams (Paramore) Album: B.o.B Presents: The Adventures of Bobby Ray Song: Airplanes Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Chorus: Hayley Williams] Can we pretend that airplanes in the night sky are like shooting stars? I could really use a wish right now, wish right now, wish right now Can we pretend that airplanes in the night sky are like shooting stars? I could really use a wish right now, wish right now, wish right now [B.o.B] Yea, I could use a dream or a genie or a wish To go back to a place much simpler than this Cause after all the partyin and smashin and crashin And all the glitz and the glam and the fashion And all the pandemonium and all the madness There comes a time where you fade to the blackness And when you starin at the phone in yo' lap And you hopin but them people never call you back (back) But that's just how the story unfolds You get another hand soon after you fold And when your plans unravel in the sand What would you wish fo', if you had one chance? So airplane airplane, sorry I'm late I'm on my way so don't close that gate If I don't make that then I'll switch my flight And I'll be right back at it by the end of the night [Chorus] w/ B.o.B ad libs [B.o.B] Yea, yea, somebody take me back to the days Before this was a job, before I got paid Before it ever mattered what I had in my bank Yeah back when I was tryin to get into that subway And back when I was rappin for the hell of it But nowadays we rappin to stay relevant I'm guessin that if we can make some wishes out of airplanes Then maybe, yo maybe I'll go back to the days Before the politics that we call the rap game And back when ain't nobody listened to my mixtape And back before I tried to cover up my slang But this is for Decatur, what's up? Bobby Ray So can I get a wish, to end the politics and get back to the music that started this shit? So here I stand and then again I say I'm hopin we can make some wishes out of airplanes [Chorus] w/ B.o.B ad libs [B.o.B] + (Hayley) I could really use a wish right now (ohhhhh ohh-ohh-ohhh) I, I, I could really use a wish right now (mm-hmmmmmmm) Like, like, like shootin stars (ohhhhhhhhhh ohhhh) I, I, I, I could really use a wish right now (ohhhhhh ohhhh) A wish, a wish right now - a wish right now Artist: B.o.B. f/ T.I., Playboy Tre Album: B.o.B Presents: The Adventures of Bobby Ray Song: Bet I Typed by: PDog1217@aol.com [Chorus - B.o.B] - w/ ad libs Put me on anything, still I bet I bust Put me anywhere on the map, I bet I bust This is what I does so, please don't gas me up Matter of fact, give me fifteen minutes and a bag of bud - I bet I bust I bet I bust, I bet I bust I bet I, I bet I, I bet I bust, I bet I bust Matter of fact, give me fifteen minutes and a bag of bud - I bet I bust Bust, bust, b-b-bust [Verse 1 - B.o.B] Yo, bud boys, bet I bust, that's just what I does, yes Put me anywhere on the map with a backpack strapped, still I bet I bust Bet I flow, bet I rip this beat, bet I feel that soul Bet I go, bet I bench these niggaz like Ray, sit down bro Bet I know, everything about this game, bet I know my role But they know when I come to the court this is my sport, B dot o B, so, bet I'm gone Bet I'm on a brand new plane, bet I'm in a whole different zone I ain't really from this place, so I'm up all night long Really I'm in outer space, really ain't got no home Really I'm a saint, bet I'm blown, bet I'm thrown Up to the sky, over the ocean, so I'll fly, wherever I'm goin When I'm by, bet I'm focused If it's fire, you can bet I roll it Matter of fact (*lighter flickers*), you can bet I bust [Chorus] - w/ ad libs [Verse 2 - T.I.] Yeah, hey, grab a brown front and center, the King fittin to enter (okay) The room when the boom hit the booth, I deliver The hottest, you probably too small to acknowledge, you Impossible to copy like what everybody try to do We cool as some dudes on them waves out in Malibu I'm fallin hard baseline, ball through the alley-oop (bang!) Comin through this thang like James, in the air off the rim I hang Nigga, this King, pretend you forgot my name if you wanna I'm a come hard like a boner, don't I Make a nigga wanna rebound, turned up all the way, we amped Two or three tramp With 'em in the mill, same Bentley Niggaz said they do it like us, you shittin me? '96, '97 in Atlanta, didn't we, have more blocks than Mutombo, Dikembe? (Bankhead!) For those who can't hold water, need new kidneys Put 'em down under Australia, Sydney (bye) And I'm still representing For the niggaz on the prison yard, tuned in, listening I'm back to doin big things (okay) A sucker lookin for me, start in your bitch's dreams (that's right) Or twenty feet tall standin on the big screen Get dough, big green, my flow sickening, it's the King nigga [Verse 3 - Playboy Tre] Yeah, back with a cup of that liquor, nigga, y'all don't really know Tre Really know me, really know the streets, no, y'all niggaz really ain't G Really ain't hard, never really served no hard, y'all be playin that roll Talkin that pimp shit, never really pimp shit, nah, y'all be savin them hoes But I don't and I won't, I'll get a bitch anytime I want I'm that guy, spit that fire, shake the ground everytime I stomp Beat in the trunk, cup in the air, you can talk shit but I really don't care Man I'm in the Cadillac, gun go rat-a-tat-tat-tat but a nigga ain't scared From that Red, Clay, east of the A, young niggaz get locked up everyday Cops ain't shit, so I drop that shit, have it drop on 'em, make it  through the da-ay Grindin for my pa-ay, it's that nigga Tre-e Bustin like a pistol better believe it when I say - that I bust Artist: B.o.B Album: B.o.B Presents: The Adventures Of Bobby Ray Song: Ghost in the Machine Typed by: randeezy_4_cheezy@hotmail.com [Chorus One: B.o.B] Tell me where am I supposed to go And who am I supposed to believe If only you knew what I knew Then you could see just what I see [Chorus Two: B.o.B] So I grab my bags and go, as far away as I can go Cause everything ain't what I used to know And I try to hide, but I just can't hide no mo' There's nothin worse than feelin like a ghost [B.o.B] You say I look fine If only you knew what's on my mind You'd see a whole different sight I couldn't show you even if I tried I must have got lost in time When I found out I was only free to be, whoever I want to be Some say I'm out of sight How I run and that we're all so blind If you could open up your eyes You could see what I couldn't describe And then, you'd see the signs and then your soul would be set free, and then you'd be released [Chorus Two] + [Chorus One] - "just what I see" [Chorus Two] [B.o.B] And I'm terrified, like I've seen a UFO Cause everything ain't what I used to know And I try to hide, but I just can't hide no more There's nothin worse than feelin like a ghost... I go... A UFO... And I'm so tired of hiding I've been running, I've been trying To get away... to get away [Chorus Two] Artist: B.o.B f/ Janelle Mone Album: B.o.B Presents: The Adventures of Bobby Ray Song: The Kids Typed by: PDog1217@aol.com [Chorus - B.o.B] - w/ Janelle Mone ad libs Drug boys steady shootin, the streets don't give a damn They're filled with such pollution, the kids don't stand a chance We're trapped inside the matrix, forced to play our hand We're filled with so much hatred, the kids don't stand a chance I said the kids don't, the kids don't stand, the kids don't stand a chance I said the kids don't, the kids don't stand, the kids don't stand a chance [Verse 1 - B.o.B] Well, since I was planted at birth I abandoned my old planet and I landed on Earth As a kid I never understood what I observed and Some of it was strange but most of it disturbed me Always in detention for the lack of my attention You can call it deficit, really I just didn't listen And I was always missin, the teachers' like "where is Bobby Simmons?" But tryin to get a record deal is all I can remember It's funny, 'cause lookin back on the past that I had All my days in the streets tryin to prove that I was bad I still elevated to the level that I'm at (Still elevated to the level that I'm at) [Chorus] - w/ Janelle Mone ad libs [Verse 2 - Janelle Mone] Sometimes it's hard to grow, while livin in fear of the unknown How can he ever give love? When no love is in his heart A child can barely sleep at night, too worried about tomorrow And what it beholds, he drowns out, deep down in his sorrows Will you run or will you share your life? Tell our story, to live and try See it's when we're given hope, that we know that we can grow [Chorus] - w/ Janelle Mone ad libs and her singing the last 2 lines Artist: B.o.B f/ Rivers Cuomo Album: B.o.B Presents: The Adventures of Bobby Ray Song: Magic Typed by: PDog1217@aol.com [Intro/Chorus 1 - Rivers Cuomo] I got the magic in me Every time I touch that track it turns into gold Everybody knows I got the magic in me When I hit the flow, the girls come snappin at me Now everybody wants some presto magic, magic, magic Magic, magic, magic Magic, magic, magic Ahooooooo, I got the magic in me [Verse 1 - B.o.B] These tricks that I'll attempt will blow your mind (mind) Pick a verse, any verse, I'll hypnotize you with every line (ah!) I'll need a volunteer, how about you, with the eyes? (right there) Come on down to the front and stand right here and don't be shy (Bobby) I'll have you time travellin (travellin), have your mind babblin (babblin) People tryin to inherit the skill, so they askin me (askin me) Even David Blaine had to go and take some classes and I see Mindfreak like "what's up man, what's happenin?" (Mindfreak!) So come one, come all and see the show tonight (ha) Prepare to be astounded, no ghost or poltergeist You know I'm no Pinocchio, I never told a lie So call me Mr. Magic Man, I float on Cloud 9, haha [Chorus 2 - Rivers Cuomo] (B.o.B) - w/ ad libs I got the magic in me (I got the magic, baby) Every time I touch that track it turns into gold (yes it turns to gold) Everybody knows I got the magic in me (I got the magic, baby) When I hit the flow, the girls come snappin at me (they be snappin baby) Now everybody wants some presto magic, magic, magic Magic, magic, magic Magic, magic, magic Ahooooooo, I got the magic in me [Verse 2 - B.o.B] We'll take a journey into my mind (mind), you'll see why it's venom I rhyme (rhyme) Stay on the road, so I call my mama when I got time (time) I hit the stage, go insane, then jump into that crowd (ah) See, see, when I rhyme I flow on the beat like pitta-da-da See I deceive ya with my intergalactic ether (yeah) I sing just like Aretha, so respect me like I'm Caesar (Caesar) I kick it like Adidas, flowin sticky like adhesive Be cautious, 'cause what I be on'll leave ya with amnesia I break all the rules like Evel Knievel (yeah!) It's a spectacular show, 'cause my heart pumps diesel So whatever you sayin, it don't entertain my ego I do this everyday, Hocus Pocus is my steelo [Chorus 2] - w/ ad libs I got the magic in me Artist: B.o.B Album: B.o.B Presents: The Adventures of Bobby Ray Song: Fame Typed by: PDog1217@aol.com [Intro - Sample from "Summertime" by Greg Kinnear] Cheah, don't you cry, no Pretty darling I said now, cry no Pretty darling I said now, cry no Pretty darling I said now Little, baby, I don't, I don't, I don't, don't you cry [Break - B.o.B] - 3X HamSquad on deck ... [Chorus 1 - B.o.B] Hey, hey, do you wanna be famous? Everywhere ya go, people know what ya name is Everyone ya know, tryin to tell ya, ya changin They wanna taste that (fame), that (fame), that (fame), that (fame), that (fame) [Verse 1 - B.o.B] Famous, everybody wanna be famous Most people wanna just taste it Other people try to just sneak in the VIP and chill with the big faces That don't really see them changes, when the fame hit When I'm up on the stage they sing it but soon as I step off they hate it And I'm sayin, I really ain't with that complainin Just look at the picture I'm paintin Yeah I pay my rent, vacation then Take trips all around the equator then Come back to the A, hit the stage again Then I go up in the booth, where they cage me in Feel regular but then I go insane again (fame) If you witness the condition that my brain is in You will see I'm in Hell where Satan is Hardest thing to do is to maintain a friend 'Cause everybody tryin to get paid from it But fuck it, this the entertainment bus', so let the games begin I mean let the flames begin But hey, I'm just trained at this Lie to everybody, then get paid from it, I'm famous [Chorus 1] [Verse 2 - B.o.B] Popular, everybody wanna be popular Little kids just be watchin us, through binoculars And then they go to school and copy us But hey, I'm not knockin ya but how can y'all not see it's obvious 'Cause, cops just be plottin on us and paparazzi be spottin us Plus, everybody just wanna be, on MTV or BET Or, maybe season MVP or maybe even just Prom King or Queen But, everybody can't be a G-O to the D And everybody can't be O to the B But I don't know, maybe this is just how we supposed to be But this is what'll happen to y'all You can go crazy and beat up trucks The tabloids sayin that ya hooked on drugs You cuttin up your face, then sew it back up But look, it's plain to see, ain't nothin in this game gonna be changin me I'm a always be, O to the B, me, me [Chorus 2 - B.o.B] Hey, hey, do you wanna be famous? Everywhere ya go, people know what ya name is Everyone ya know, tryin to tell ya, ya changin They wanna taste that (fame, fame, fame, fame, fame) [Break - B.o.B] - w/ ad libs Everywhere ya go they just wanna be stars Everyone ya know wanna drive fancy cars Everyone ya know wants you to buy out the bar They wanna taste that (fame), that (fame), that (fame), that (fame), that (fame) [B.o.B - talking over the end of the Break] Everywhere we go, everywhere we go now Everywhere we go, everywhere we go now [Chorus 2] - 2X [Outro - B.o.B] - 3X HamSquad on deck ... (Fame, fame, fame, fame, fame) Artist: B.o.B Album: B.o.B Presents: The Adventures of Bobby Ray Song: Lovelier Than You Typed by: timm2014@hotmail.com [Verse One] Maybe one day we can go Hand in hand down a golden road And if I get there before you go  I'll be waiting at the do' In the future, hopefully We'll be together you and me Don't you worry baby please  Because honestly If I could rewind Both thee hands of time Still I would never find A lovelier design Than you Nothings lovelier than you [x4] [Verse Two] Maybe one day girl I pray We could float off to space Hold my hand I'll lead the way I won't let go or fall astray Ain't no 'ifs', 'butts' and 'maybes' You're my baby my lady Don't you worry baby please  Because honestly If I could rewind Both thee hands of time Still I would never find A lovelier design Than you Nothings lovelier than you [x4] [Verse Three] I'm dangerously, dangerously, dangerously in love I love her more than I love myself but still that ain't enough Humm If this a dream I don't wanna wake up We go together like the tub and the shower head above Huh Not even thousands and thousands of miles could amount to my love I'd have countless sky miles I'd climb up a mountain, climb right back down I'd run across the world then jog back around A noun and a verb is just a sound And a word is not profound Enough to show my urge, for her smile I'd Shout on a curb with a loud speaker 'Til the entire town heard How I felt And I'm out Nothings lovelier than you [x4] [Verse One Repeat] Maybe one day we can go Hand in hand down a golden road And if I get there before you go  I'll be waiting at the do' In the future, hopefully We'll be together you and me Don't you worry baby please  Because honestly If I could rewind Both thee hands of time Still I would never find A lovelier design Than you Artist: B.o.B f/ Ricco Barrino Album: B.o.B Presents The Adventures of Bobby Ray Song: 5th Dimension Typed by: timm2014@hotmail.com [Intro] [B.O.B talking] What's up, what's, down Ladies and gentleman we are entering into the fifth dimension. And did I mention, we gone? Ha ha ha. We gone. We gone (B.o.B, give it to 'em, shortie) [Verse One] I'm eons and eons beyond these peons Another human like me there will never be one The planet that I'm from, I can't even speak on The stars is what I sleep on The moon I put my feet on The way my aura glow, you'd swear I'm made of neon Cooler than the freon, that's in your Dodge Neon They say the future is now, to me it hasn't begun Stay tuned to me and their will never be a re-run So come and leap on my body and as we come You'll probably feel moist like the trees on the tropics We gone, we out it, no we don't need rockets We hop up on the mother ship an we gone, we slidin' We slippin' through dimensions, we hyper space glidin' Blastin' through the atmosphere Frightenin' in the lightenin' I know I'm out my mind girl, but you know you like it So hope up on my cosmic highway so can ride it [Chorus] [Ricco Barrino] Shorty are you going, my way? Come and ride on my, my cosmic highway Oooooh, let's go Oooooh, let's go Look, shorty I can't stay on the Earth no more Another galaxy we must go [Verse 2] Well, fresh up out the sky I'm like a meteorite So when the studio, no, I don't need to go write Man I just came up in the game cause y'all just needed more life So, so by the time I'm done their ain't gonna be no more mics And people ask me, "B.o.B what kind of language is that?" Cause I may blast into the future, I may never come back And I'm a leave with a 30,000 light year leap Headed to a distant planet called B.o.B And then I'm gone Man they not ignoring me Taking off from half court Air Jordan All systems go in 10 seconds I'm orbiting Hanging in the Cosmos like a space ornament Heat 'em up like a solar panel, yes I bring the pain/pane Similar to asteroid that's headed to your brain My lane is something that they really cannot explain They try to hold me down but man it's me they can't contain [Chorus] [Ricco Barrino] Shorty are you going, my way? Come and ride on my, my cosmic highway Oooooh, let's go Oooooh, let's go Look, shorty I can't stay on the Earth no more Another galaxy we must go Come and go with me, I'll take you to my galaxy I'm talkin' 'bout Venus Jupiter Mars, Mars, Mars And I'm saying girl, let's ride all night And I need you for this ship girl to take flight Let's go, let's go Come on baby let me take it off Another second we gone blast it off [Chorus] [Ricco Barrino] Look shorty are you going, my way? Come and ride on my, my cosmic highway Oooooh, let's go Oooooh, let's go Look, shorty I can't stay on the Earth no more Another galaxy we must go Artist: B.o.B f/ Eminem, Hayley Williams (Paramore) Album: B.o.B Presents: The Adventures of Bobby Ray Song: Airplanes (Part II) Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Chorus: Hayley Williams] Can we pretend that airplanes in the night sky are like shooting stars? I could really use a wish right now, wish right now, wish right now Can we pretend that airplanes in the night sky are like shooting stars? I could really use a wish right now, wish right now, wish right now [Interlude: B.o.B] + (Hayley) Dreamin (ohhhhh ohh-ohh-ohhh) Of fallin (mm-mmmmmmm) Dreamin (ohhhhhhhhhh ohhhh) Of fallin (ohhhhhh ohhhh) [B.o.B] Yeah, yo, let's pretend like it's '98 ('98) Like I'm eatin lunch off of Styrofoam trays (yeah) Tryin to be the next rapper comin out the A (A-Town) Hopin for a record deal to ignore my pain Yeah, now let's pretend like I'm on the stage And when my beat drops everybody goes insane (woo) Okay, and everybody know my name (Bob) And everywhere I go people wanna hear me sang Oh yeah, and I just dropped my new album On the first week I did 500 thousand Gold in the spring, and diamond in the fall And then a world tour just to top it all off And let's pretend like they call me the greatest (yup) Sellin out arenas with big ass stages And everybody loved me and no one ever hated Let's try to use imagination [Chorus] w/ B.o.B ad libs [B.o.B] Okay, let's pretend like this never happened Like I never had dreams of bein a rapper Like I didn't write raps up in all of my classes Like I never used to run away into the blackness Now, let's pretend like it was all good (good) Like I didn't live starin in the notebook Like I did the things that I probably knew I should But I ain't have neighbors, that's why they call it hood Yo, now let's pretend like I ain't got a name (nah) Before they ever called me B.o.B or A.K.A. Bobby Ray I'm talkin back before the mixtapes Before the videos and the deals and the fame Before they ever once compared me to Andr (3000) Before I ever got on MySpace (yeah) Before they ever noticed my face (yeah) So let's just pretend, and make wishes out of airplanes [Chorus] w/ B.o.B ad libs [B.o.B - singing] And it seems like yesterday, it was just a dream But those days are gone, they're just memories And it seems like yesterday, it was just a dream But those days are gone [Eminem] Ahem, aight Let's pretend, Marshall Mathers never picked up a pen Let's pretend, things would've been, no different Pretend, he procrastinated, had no motivation Pretend, he just made excuses that were so paper thin They could blow away with the wind, "Marshall you're never gonna make it Makes no sense to play the game, there ain't no way that you'll win" Pretend, he just stayed outside all day and played with his friends Pretend he even had a friend to say was his friend! And it wasn't time to move and schools weren't changin again He wasn't socially awkward and just strange as a kid He had a father and his mother wasn't crazy as shit And he never dreamed he could rip stadiums and just lazy as shit! Fuck a talent show in the gymnasium bitch "You won't amount to SHIT, quit daydreamin kid! You need to get your cranium checked You're thinkin like an alien, it just ain't realistic" Now pretend, they ain't just, make him angry with this shit And there was no one he could even aim when he's pissed at And his alarm went off to wake him but he didn't make it to the Rap Olympics Slept through his plane and he missed it He's gon' have a hard time explainin to Hailie and Lainey these food stamps and this WIC shit Cause he never risked shit, he hoped and he wished it But it didn't fall in his lap so he ain't even here, he pretends that [Hayley Williams harmonizes to the end] Artist: B.o.B Album: B.o.B Presents: The Adventures of Bobby Ray Song: Letters From Vietnam Typed by: timm2014@hotmail.com [Verse One] Goodbye my love The country is in need of me And I heard there were signs for war So I'm going overseas So don't cry my love The skies above will cry for you And I'll be safe so hopefully I'll come back home for you Yeah, yeah So please Tell me it's not true After all the love I've given You found someone new And oh, of all the things I've seen This has got to be, got to be the greatest tragedy Oh you, you let it all slip away But soon you'll find Soon you'll find (yeah) What you can't replace [Female Talking] I gave away my love That I promised you I would keep A thousand deaths I died that day When two became one A greater force pulled you away So I got on my knees and begged The silence replaced my tears So goodbye, my love August 1, 1965 Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah So please Tell me it's not true After all the love I've given You found someone new And oh, of all the things I've seen This has got to be, got to be the greatest tragedy Oh you, you let it all slip away But soon you'll find Soon you'll find, yeah What you can't replace Yeah [Verse Two] Goodbye my love As I bid farewell to thee All is fair in love and war So I'm going overseas Artist: B.o.B Album: B.o.B Presents The Adventures of Bobby Ray Song: I See Ya Typed by: timm2014@hotmail.com I see ya, yeahyeah, yeah, yeahyeah, yeah (I see ya) I see ya, yeahyeah, yeah, yeahyeah, yeah (I see ya) I see ya, yeahyeah, yeah, yeahyeah, yeah (I see ya) I see ya (I see ya) [Verse One] Yeah It's B-O-B-O No I don't need no lingo Cause I'm on this mic I chicka-pow-pow chicka-pow-pow to the beat though Yeah shoot it up like a free throw Where? From the west to the east coast Like Neo in a pea coat Motherfuck like Danny DeVito Lemme get a second just to reload Cause I'm cool in the pocket like Debo (yes!) Cooler than the cheetahs on the Cheetos Don't think that I lost my touch by much I just been chillin' at the bank like aye! Show me to the safe Had to get my papers straight Now I'm okay Now it's back to the lab, yes back to the bank Six So don't think that I ain't sick That I'm in places you can't get When you're inside of the matrix High is my vibration High as levitation High like every race in In this generation [Chorus] [x2] I see ya, yeahyeah, yeah, yeahyeah, yeah (I see ya) I see ya, yeahyeah, yeah, yeahyeah, yeah (I see ya) I see ya, yeahyeah, yeah, yeahyeah, yeah (I see ya) I see ya (I see ya) [Verse Two] Hold up, hold up, hold up It's Bobby Ray I mean my name B.o.B When I'm on this mic I melt that fire That's my job I am a bomb Try if ya want Tick me off and I'm like lit up So I wouldn't do that I'd would sit back Unless you got tricks, inside of a hat Then I would eat Still wouldn't defeat The fact that I'm insane, yes literally I spit on the beat I shit on the beat Then I wipe with an MC Throw them in the trash B.o.B stop Wait a minute maybe just switch up the flow I was on a whole different level but now I'm ready to level With a hellfire venomous flow Here's the thing Clearly I'm in a place you can't really be I'm in a space Called a zone And when you inside you just kinda know And you don't stop Cause you just float And if you will then I know you don't And if you not then you go for broke But this a jungle let me go for those I see ya [Chorus] [x2] I see ya, yeahyeah, yeah, yeahyeah, yeah (I see ya) I see ya, yeahyeah, yeah, yeahyeah, yeah (I see ya) I see ya, yeahyeah, yeah, yeahyeah, yeah (I see ya) I see ya (I see ya) [Scratching] I spit on the beat, I shit on the beat, then I wipe with an MC Artist: B.o.B Album: The Adventures of Bobby Ray Song: Satellite (Bonus Track) Typed by: timm2014@hotmail.com [Intro] Systems go Satellite, satellite Minus 10 Twilight, twilight [Verse One] I feel the moon Pulling me away Into the blue Of the midnight sky If you can do What I can do Things stay in tune  And just feel the vibe So can we get a systems go? And blast off like a satellite, satellite Launchin' in minus 10 (T minus 10) Headed straight to the twilight, twilight So can we get a systems go? And blast off like a satellite, satellite Launchin' in minus 10 (T minus 10) Headed straight for the twilight, twilight [Verse Two] Well as I'm headed to the sky way up above me I feel my body spinnin', feelin' free and lovely I am the rumblin' sea so come with me On this midnight vibe And you can feel it if you tune into your radio Look at the sky look at the moon look at the way it glow I ain't no ghost so don't be afraid to go on this midnight vibe So can we get a systems go? And blast off like a satellite, satellite Launchin' in minus 10 (T minus 10) Headed straight to the twilight, twilight So can we get a systems go? And blast off like a satellite, satellite Launchin' in minus 10 (T minus 10) Headed straight for the twilight, twilight [Verse Three] Like an astronaut floatin' off into the beyond Enterin' into dimensions no one has ever yet seen before I do not need an engine I can ascend into the dark Remember a dream is never a dream is never a dream y'all Is never a dream y'all [x3] Midnight vibe So can we get a systems go? And blast off like a satellite, satellite Launchin' in minus 10 (T minus 10) Headed straight to the twilight, twilight So can we get a systems go? And blast off like a satellite, satellite Launchin' in minus 10 (T minus 10) Headed straight for the twilight, twilight [x3] Systems go Satellite, satellite Minus 10 (T Minus 10) Twilight Twilight Midnight Vibe (Over and out) Artist: B.o.B Album: No Genre Mixtape Song: Beast Mode Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com [B.o.B] I really don't know how long I've been doin this shit I guess 2010's the first year you gave a shit I was the underdog, so please excuse me a bit I need some space so someone please make me some room in this bitch! Cause I'm in BEAST MODE! BEAST MODE! Gimme those beats I eat those All day I don't sleep, NO! I don't even know what I got sheets for Them pillow cases and bed frames, aw naw, take that, don't need those So high I don't get high, I don't even know what I got weed fo'! People, I'm in beast mode, what'd you think I got these teeth for? Why do I rep that Eastside and why do they all call me B.o.? But see, I knew this befo', anybody fed my ego Back in the hood at East shows, so we take hood wherever we go And please know, I am as loyal as loyalty is when its gained Dedicated, determined, dependable, yes, I committed myself to the game Don't be lettin them tell you them lies, we make the industry real when it's fake So stay meditatin, so yo' head is facin into the direction that you aim, BITCH! ..Okay then, know what my name is Excuse my language but I'm fed up with the same shit They say they love me, but it's really cause I'm famous  See, my momma told me this back when I was nameless So FUCK Y'ALL!! I'm shameless, I'm a beast unleashed, I'm ragin I'm livin inside of this Matrix, this video game that I'm playin I ride around and they praise me, I crack a smile and they wavin I guess you could call me David Ruffin, I'm circled in +The Temptations+, hah Or maybe I'm angry, maybe I just need a little more patience, huh Or maybe I'm crazy, maybe I just get a little too anxious! Some-times, I rhyme, like, I'm, in-side Ein-stein's mind Look at the time fly by, plenty of times I've died Lookin at these jive guys, claimin they've lost they mind You ain't really seen shit, nigga 'til you had the whole WORLD flipped upside down (upside down) Or right side up (right side up) from the DEC  So the Eastside's up, fired up so you know When I get to the booth I go ham, 'cause I gotta do what I can So I'm like "kadoosh, kadoosh, kadoosh", I don't know what side B.o. I chant I'm kinda like a blur with these words, guess I'm more absurd with these verbs Runnin at a hundred kilometers, man, pretty soon I'ma leave Earth, Earth Earthlings or WHAT-ever, human beings, I'm a beast You're a feast, curly fries, onion rings This is not a fuckin game, ain't no referees involved This is military combat, soldiers standin guard  'round my yard, entourage, Ham Squad to be exact  Smokin ham, smackin back, take your girl, have her back  We don't want her 'round my team, she's a slut and she's a freak  You don't know cause she's discreet I swear I see everything, that's a bit.. Man I'm fed up to my neck, with the stress.. I could use a wish; Hayley, where you at? I guess the only exception to these girls is that I rap... But I only attack... Cause I'm in BEAST MODE~! JUST BEAST MODE~! EVERYBODY KNOW THAT I'M A MOTHERFUCKIN MONSTER!  Monster, energy drink shoulda been my sponsor But sometimes I wonder, what is this race I run for? I, give a FUCK 'bout numbers so I find it ironic That these niggaz get mad at me!  Talkin all sideways with they eyes glazed They mad 'cause I'm straight, what the mind sees, the eyes say And they say that I went pop, and the streets say I ain't hip hop Well if it's not, let the shit STOP... Artist: B.o.B Album: No Genre (Mixtape) Song: How U Do That Typed by: AZ Lyrics Bob how you do that? H-how you do that Bob how you do that? (in Atlanta) They be like B-Bob how you do that H-how you do that, b-bob How you do that? (in Atlanta) B-Bob H-how you do that How y-you do that? (in Atlanta) They be like B-bob H-how you do that H-how you do that B-Bob how y-you do that? (in Atlanta) B-Bob how y-you do that? How y-you do that? (in Atlanta) [B.o.B - Verse 1] Number 1 on your playlist, one of Atlanta's bravest They wondering how I deal with the fame I villainified, this gravy Shout out to all the ladies I don't know why I have to say this but I'm into deep sea diving I go deeper than the Navy Behavin' like I'm mavin' Im crazy crazy crazy I rise to the occupation 'cause raging's my occupation Shouts out to my Haitians my Asians and my Caucasians, Latina Senorita es muy caliente They say I'm amazing but Really its amazing Today's world the craziest To make the main page Just to be a daily topic of a conversation Kutta's on the beat so I guess its an operation So call me Dr. Bob yes I'm on the job She say I'm like a teacher before she lights my yard Stick to the script take a shit in your draws And I don't need to take you number girl this ain't no casting call [B.o.B - Verse 2] Yes she give it to me cuz she know just how I want it And if this where we battle we would be worthy opponents I had to get up on it Kinda how you do a pony Its kinda like a bank Cuz she knows she wants to loan it Shout out to my gangsta Who get down in Atlanta Wassup to Magic City This here should be your weather So throw it on back cuz I want that butt Ima still be hear when the sun comes up When the sun comes up who'll still be here With ball and a bat give me one more plaque So I guess I might as well turn things up I'ma burn things up like the purp you puff Tryna get loose she poppin that coo But when she get through she goin serve things up All the bad girls in the building just shake it One time if ya feel it now, I ain't really trippin bout yo homegirls with ya Ima bring you home wit em And she goin get it Lay up obe I don't really want no more But Ima just go fast like a baseball throw Fast like a kenco show now I'm in the zone I ain't even playin In the paint no mo' Ima take it straight to the hole Hell yea she know she bad She so bad Artist: B.o.B f/ Spodee, T.I. Album: No Genre (Mixtape) Song: Feet Don't Fail Me Now Typed by: AZ Lyrics [T.I.] Feet don't fail me now I said feet don't fail me now I said feet don't fail me now [Chorus: T.I.] While these niggaz run they mouth Imma run this city so feet don't fail me now I never will stand still I still run this here Feet don't fail me now I said feet don't fail me now I said feet don't fail me now [T.I.] Its the rap thespian, trap champion Dude never lose even when you think he can't even win Again, don't nobody do it like the kid do Talkin bout the greatest better throw him on the list too (who) Way at the top even stopped dreamin even in the offseason I'm steamin (hot) Hurry up somebody better check our temperature On the fire titan like the movie they remember us Plus how can a nigga hate for real when resilience the only thing matchin' my brilliance Hahaha lol niggaz kill me Look mama no guns and I'm still G Whoda thought from baker rows center hill he get so much accomplished niggaz plot to try to kill me And keep it real we try yet and still we die out in the battle field but don't nobody feel me [Chorus: T.I.] While these niggaz run they mouth Imma run this city so feet don't fail me now I never will stand still I still run this here Feet don't fail me now I said feet don't fail me now I said feet don't fail me now [B.o.B] Yea, sign yours sincerely I been up on my game, really they just started listening So when you talk about the greats you got to mention me And if you're smellin' dro you know that I'm in the vicinity Flawless with symmetry Yea, since elementary niggaz bite the style like they tryna swap identities Empty refrigerators all I see up in my memory Now I'm in the club with complimentary Hennessy But this a jungle so you hear the snakes slitherin' These niggaz fake like a face with no blemishes So I'm movin' with the force of an olympian So cold with it you would think that I invented it Yea, I got a million ways to get it in All day back and forth like tennis is Another day at the office to handle business From the beginning I sprinted knew where the finish is [Chorus: T.I.] While these niggaz run they mouth Imma run this city so feet don't fail me now I never will stand still I still run this here Feet don't fail me now I said feet don't fail me now I said feet don't fail me now [3: Spodee] I heard the tip I won't and shame on they ass Since the presence is a gift I wont refrain from the past Imma young stunner focused and ready to smash Niggaz on that sucka shit boy they really appeared sad If my feet don't fail me I shall be crowned But they never failed me before why would they fail now I'm the one to call on look how they kept it down Hopin they got the right number I hear the skeptical sounds I made they ass I'm made to last Niggaz thinking that they on fire I blaze they ass (I mean it) I'm hopin you see it comparing me to rappers is silly Them boys stale packin up illys And all my niggaz packin the illy my fraction is gritty we large The best kush the only reason I'm beggin' your pardon Cats don't know how to act in the presence of don's I'm just bein a playa while they bitches enjoyin' my charm [Chorus: T.I.] While these niggaz run they mouth Imma run this city so feet don't fail me now I never will stand still I still run this here Feet don't fail me now I said feet don't fail me now I said feet don't fail me now Artist: B.o.B f/ Bun B, CyHi Da Prynce, Playboy Tre Album: No Genre (Mixtape) Song: Higher Typed by: AZ Lyrics [Verse 1: B.o.B] You may not know my name But by the time I leave, you will remember the B to the O to the B And every single dot that's in between And every time I hop up in the scene I'm feelin' like I'm better than before I'm ready for whatever if you feel me let me know Cuz I just wanna flow I got up in this game tryna prove than I'm better than before But I don't even sweat it anymore I get up in the zone as I coast, As I take flight gravity better hold me tight Your relativity don't mold me right I'm every single kick, every snare, every line Please don't compare niggaz to me cuz I'm ham on the mic I'm down for the gamble like a red pair of dice You scared of the fight When you lay down and prepare for the night I be in the air on a flight I don't even care what the time High in the days of my mind Every single face that'll say "hey Bobby Ray" I say "Hi" You livin' the craziest life In a pair of shades I'ma bath and the spotlight raised Makin' every night club jump like raves Braves, braves, home of the braves Eastside Atlanta, that's where I stay Yeah, I'll take you higher Higher than you've ever been See things you never thought You thought would never exist Higher Higher than you've ever been Where we go we won't fall, we'll stay there Cuz there's a place with no walls It's been ages since we've gone Get away, so long, levitate Higher than you've ever been [Verse 2: Playboy Tre] Yeah, what am I to tell you streets? Never gave a drunk number to double shot of Hen Couple friends in the pen Do a couple years come home, year later nigga locked up again Man, calls on the phone, nigga what the biz? God damn ya'll doin' ya'll thang If life is a game, Tre Play that shit 'fore your folk come home with the ring, champs Do it for the hood, do it for the camp Passport livin' nigga do it for the stamps Do it for the deck 'til there ain't nothin' left Beat a bitch back like a trunk full of amps Trunk full of amps? Trunk full of amps Posted up drunk on the street like lamps Everybody high, but a word to the wise Don't try my clique cuz they might get amped So this for my niggaz locked up who call Said they want beats and the show's on the wall Know every time that I hit that stage I don't do it for myself man, I do it for us all This for my niggaz locked up, who right Take it through you, try and live my life Fuck what they say nigga get your pay They wanna go high, so watch me fly Yeah, I'll take you higher Higher than you've ever been See things you never thought You thought would never exist Higher Higher than you've ever been Where we go we won't fall, we'll stay there Cuz there's a place with no walls It's been ages since we've gone Get away, so long, levitate Higher than you've ever been [Bridge] Higher (Higher than you've ever been) Higher (Higher) Higher (Higher than you've ever been) Higher (Higher) [Verse 3: CyHi Da Prynce] Okay, higher than you've ever been Just when you won't find a better medicine Now I highly recommend That you smoke it in the suite As me where I got it and I'll say I met a friend Police at the door, I would never let them in Everyday I wake up and try to set a trend Thomas Edison with whatever I invent Now I'm in a country that you ain't never been Netherlands Doin' more in the music, better let 'em in I don't know too many niggaz better than Prynce CyHi, so who want a better Benz? Vanilla, or yellow skin Big booty bitch, call her Evelyn Vegetarian when it comes to the green Get your dog shot like a veterinarian Tool in the seat Fly young nigga keep it cool in the heat Calmer than the farmer cuz I'm used to the beef Got more soul than the shoes on your feet Still a nigga free, then I move it to the east She probably your girl, then she cute and petite She said she got a man, what you doin' with a geek? Fuck him baby, come and chill with the king Yeah, I'll take you higher Higher than you've ever been See things you never thought You thought would never exist Higher Higher than you've ever been Where we go we won't fall, we'll stay there Cuz there's a place with no walls It's been ages since we've gone Get away, so long, levitate Higher than you've ever been [Verse 4: Bun B] Feels so dandy, comin' out candy Grippin' on grain in a clean 'Lac Go jump in the slab, put your seatbelt on Then adjust your position and lean back Its, Bun B and B.o.B and we be all about them greenbacks And we ain't farmin' no mean mugs or no lean thugs cuz we mean that Represent, Lone Star State And Kush City, home of the Astros Where them boys on the porch Smokin' on kush, in a cigar, straight from Castro We in the kitchen makin' all them fires Gettin' that dough with havin' to pass go And if you in the way of me and BoB gettin' this pay we gon' let your ass know That we the chosen, while you in time frozen We go straight ahead They sayin' he ain't this and he ain't that and he can't rap Well man, fuck what a hater says I keep on rollin' like a bulb tire With a bad broad out of Vogue, fire Underground King, go to my empire Cuz they might be high, but I'ma take them higher Yeah, I'll take you higher Higher than you've ever been See things you never thought You thought would never exist Higher Higher than you've ever been Where we go we won't fall, we'll stay there Cuz there's a place with no walls It's been ages since we've gone Get away, so long, levitate Higher than you've ever been [Bridge] Higher (Higher than you've ever been) Higher (Higher) Higher (Higher than you've ever been) Higher (Higher) Artist: B.o.B f/ T.I. Album: No Genre (Mixtape) Song: Not Lost Typed by: AZ Lyrics [Chorus: B.o.B] Just because I'm losing doesn't mean I'm lost They gave me nothing but doubt First they waited then hated then counted me out Just because I'm losing doesn't mean I'm stuck They say I lost my way But first I showed em then I sold em right in front of their face [Verse 1: B.o.B] Well this is the World that we living One minute you the hero the next you the villain We got up in this game just to try to make a living We hit you with the truth while you watching television But still these are the cards that we dealt They kick you on the ground when you most need help Until you dried up and they sit you on the shelf Then you start to cry because you all by yourself So just know if you are aware of the belt The only way to excel is the soul that you sell So I could care less about the clothes on myself I'm trying to drive straight on a road made of nails Yeah, I got to pay the toll if I fell Or else it would be another story to tell I'm getting to the door I can tell I'm just waiting on the day till the glory prevails [Verse 2: T.I.] All I know is keep going, shit don't stop Until the huss double up put the click on top Used to wanna have the bricks on lock Til we went to prison saw we couldn't pick them locks Easy decision now a nigga think I lost my touch Listen if I ain't the realest ever done it I ain't off by much So please don't wake me up if I'm dreaming in the fast lane speedin' no safety belt And it's a marathon pace yourself In this race for wealth talkin' shit just a waste of breath Chasing me like chasing your tail your never gon catch it Respect is something you never get if you never had it I'm looking back and laughing this life of mine Bought me all the way here form my life of crime Just a constant reminder that the end I'll be always the one who knows all see's all Because... [Verse 3: B.o.B] Yeah, well these are my predictions I'll be on the top 40 with a big hit Travelling the World trying not to get sick And I'm a get more friends on my friends on my friends list And then after that I'll be famous And everyone I know will tell me that I'm changing And then my cell phone will never stop ringing And I'll be all over magazine pages Yeah and they'll play my songs till they boring And if I ever do stop touring they treat me like a foreigner Don't believe me ask Lauren... Artist: B.o.B Album: No Genre (Mixtape) Song: Cold As Ice Typed by: AZ Lyrics [Verse 1] Well me and her were the 2 me and her were together like glue but we lived packed in a shack like the old lady who lived in a shoe and we ain't really know what to do 'till one day she got her a job at WaMu I said baby if you been thinkin' what I thinkin' then all of our problems are through so we got together with the crew and planned everything with the T we got gloves and guns and bags and masks and anything we would need so we scoped out the facility really waited a couple of weeks 'till it was time to kick in the door everyone down its a robbery [Chorus 2X] You're as cold as ice (you're as cold as ice) you're willing to sacrifice our love and now you got me (Froze) I said you got me (froze) because you're so c-cold you left me cold tonight [Verse 2] So I went to my girl and said "quit playin' and give me the cash" but nobody suspected a thing it was quite a spectacular act so we get to the safe out of everyone's sight so I take off my mask and ask "did your partner remember to cut the line for the panic button in the back?" and she paused the look she had on her face was cold as ice before she could she could say the next word I heard the sirens pull out outside so I tried to grab her and run, she pulled away and said she would be fine she was on the clock so I guess nobody would think she was in on the crime [Chorus 2X] You're as cold as ice (you're as cold as ice) you're willing to sacrifice our love and now you got me (Froze) I said you got me (froze) because you're so c-cold you left me cold tonight [Verse 3] So I realized it was over when the SWAT team kicked in the door so I dropped my gun and the cash, and then I got bummed rushed to the floor and they took me into the station and they started the interrogation and I said, "I ain't sayin' a word 'till I get appropriate representation" so as I get escorted out, to my surprise what do I see that's my baby sittin' in cuffs tellin' the officers everything ans I stand there in amazement trying to find an explanation and the cops come in and restrain me and they mase me and the taze me I said, "baby why baby what did I do to forsake you how can you turn your back on me you're selfish I hate you all I ever wanted to do love you were you fakin'?" so I snatched the gun from my officer and I cocked it and I aimed it and said, "this is for all the pain you done put me through you're ungrateful how could you all I wanted to do was save you" and here I am day 55 with 55 hundred to go when you love a girl who is as cold as ice eventually you'll get froze [Chorus 2X] You're as cold as ice (you're as cold as ice) you're willing to sacrifice our love and now you got me (Froze) I said you got me (froze) because you're so c-cold you left me cold tonight [Bridge] 32 degrees below zero you're like 31 flavors you're oh so cold feels like 30 straight days of falling snow I'm so cold and alone, alone you're like 32 degrees below zero or like 31 flavors you're oh so cold feels like 30 straight days of falling snow I'm so cold and alone, alone you left me cold tonight [Chorus 2X] You're as cold as ice (you're as cold as ice) you're willing to sacrifice our love and now you got me (Froze) I said you got me (froze) because you're so c-cold you left me cold tonight Artist: B.o.B Album: No Genre (Mixtape) Song: The Watchers Typed by: AZ Lyrics Yes, I feel the end, the end is close the same thing happened eon's ago to know exactly you have to read up some more everyday technology speeds up some more as is above, so is below some feel the heat, yet some feel the cold we are the souls, yes we have been chose some roll with angels and demons and ghosts but shh, hold up Bob, Don't go there you know that they watching, they all see and stare but they can't stop me, I'm already there and y'all ain't seen shit but y'all already scared I'm gone, high like frutose, frutose you wanna know the truth, really, you gone, you gone it'll blow ya out ya mind like a UFO, UFO I'm basically a resident of Pluto, Pluto you know, but you'll probably be the same one hating saying every rapper is in the freemasons while the cops giving out free mase to your face now how do that taste I'm outta my mind these video's tellin' yo lies, bruh tellin' yo, we holding evil hand signs bruh last time I checked I'm from the eastside bruh so do your research and make ya own mind up 'cause us musicians have influence on the mic but they don't like that so they conquer and divide Double-H N-D, hip hop never dies so shoot all you want, but we fly because you know, no one man should have all that power obviously cause it's only one power but nevermind, y'all keep worshipping Towers while the clock keeps handing yo hours but pucker up because the truth gets sour more sour than the sour diesel I devour hear me by the hour, I give ya fifty vowels when I brain storm its like a shower so pull out your towels and don't let em play you do your own thing fuck what they do and if you good at something make sure they pay you and if not take a thank you whether they praise you, or whether they hate you it's all about the attention that they pay you y'all on that grape drink try this grape juice shouts to Grand Hustle we got that break through and yes, it's evident we better than the rest of these competitors really there ain't no-one else ahead of us y'all was these verses off etc, etc cause they watching y'all like the Federers, owww kadoosh, kadoosh, kadoosh it's B.O.B and I'm out Peace! Artist: B.o.B f/ Donnis Album: No Genre (Mixtape) Song: Batman Flow Typed by: AZ Lyrics [B.o.B - Verse 1] Soon as I enter you know who it is-a it's the representer from the East side of Atlanta that's known as Decatur I got my own lane but I can't see the road my rear view mirror's full of haters wouldn't wanna be ya its me they cannot battle yes I'm a mothership and you a boat without no paddle yes I am what they after I'm a natural born disaster I'm the reason your momma tell you not hang with rappers but your momma is a minister and I'm her favorite rapper probably cause she found out that my daddy was a pastor I wonder what she's after but don't get it confused theres no surprise, it's just another day in my shoes Every other city we go every other city we go it's just a different day with the same shit it's just a different day with the same shit Every other city we go every other city we go things just ain't what I used to know things just ain't what I used to know [B.o.B - Verse 2] Yeah, well these niggaz salty high blood pressure if you got that sodium, nigga I got that pepper don't step up, please fall back y'all can't ball, all y'all are wack haters need hugs, you thugs need love and groupies fall in holes that gold diggas dug these niggaz cynical cause I'm on there medicinal why they so sensitive, I guess they on their menstruals I don't need no, come consider the general regardless of my genre yes, I'm flawless in general when I'm in the club girls be jigging on they tippy toes so she take me in like her vitamins and minerals you ain't on my signal, you analogue or digital grand hustle champion, someone turn my anthem on when my jam come on, God damn I blow straight up I am a bomb leaping over barriers like this was a triathalon [Verse 3] Now I'm the everyday topic I'm under the microscope so I'm feeling microscopic my shit was fading to black niggaz thought I was gothic but made it to the next step like recovering alcoholics I bounce back like a snoop deville of hydraulics ain't nothing but a g-thang nigga I'm the king of pain veins filled with novacane so I ain't even feeling y'all I ain't even hearing y'all fingernails on a blackboard they say the pen is way mightier than the sword so I'mma spaz out to get inside the mental ward get me grammy awards til your faith is restored by the lord of this rap shit niggaz got it backwards, lets line up all the factors grew up in the hood but was raised in the burbs where pops wasn't there so the military made me a man and they told me, put my dreams in the can but I still made it here, damn Artist: B.o.B Album: No Genre (Mixtape) Song: American Dreamin' Typed by: AZ Lyrics Well I got up today and I put on my shades and I said I was fine (I'm fine) but everyone knew that I was lying if you look at my face and the way that I behave you will still see a disguise even if you was blind (damn) But now I'm saying bye, goodbye American Dreaming American dreaming its not that hard to find cause most of the time I'm American sleeping I barely can see it but now I'm saying bye, goodbye As I rhyme and I rap the average listener is blind to the fact that my mind has been tapped I carry the World as it lies on my back my spine coulda cracked so please pay me no mind as I laugh this is all a stage every line is an act killing the American dream with a trap like a axe, I'ma put it in a sack I'ma put it in the back of the black cadilliac cause I'm travelling some say that I'm throw like a javelin I'm really tryna expose to the galaxy then break off the mould to normalities people called the election a tradegy looking at the screen like this can't be happening I ain't saying that I'm some kind of activist but someting be attacking us Okay, bring it back I was filling my time just posing like a mannequine you pass by tryna make it one day to the big league where the girls ain't hard to find all the time I was just searching a plastic promised land and I got myself entangled in a corporated plan (sign here) but a dream is nothing and it's everything at the same time so you never know when you might wake up and find you was just living a lies goodbye, just like Trey said goodbye America, Goodbye cause anything but the truth is a waste of time Artist: B.o.B f/ T.I., Young Dro Album: No Genre (Mixtape) Song: Grand Hustle Kings Typed by: AZ Lyrics Uncle Quincy they gon dig this haha, hold up Alright people, I wanna see you dance if your type forever get your hands up, say hey and shawty you're looking good come here, let me see you dance get ya hands up [T.I.] I got to the park, supercool, stupid hot he the freshest from his fitted down to the shoes and socks can you wanna like it, couldn't care less if you do or not A reminder for those of you who forget here's the king partna', ya ain't bout to say a big deal I'm not fifty mill I got, double down why not 177 Aston Martin cash and carry off the lot they say money talk but listen Shorty cause I talk a lot incredible, my pockets and a cherry red drop your money funny, big diamonds in the words red boss We're gonna be smoking the city when I come kicking come and witness 8 hundred young women all here for Young fif listen, if i really dig her, let her meet my uncle Quincy catch up with me suckers gonna need a solid month of? many moons will it take you baffoons, many goons presents fill up any room, King back gimme room [B.o.B] I told the World what I'm gon do, check the charts if you want proof number 1 and number 2, I'll take the rest, don't mind if I do pull my seat up to this table in the game, where's my food but frankly, I accomplished what they said I'll never do or maybe you've been sleeping or snoozing on me before or possibly, blocking me from opening doors and everybody surprised now 3 years down the road, but where was everybody when albums wasn't exposed who cares if it ain't fair cause I mean? Bob on beast, Bob on blast, Bob is everything you say its finesse, an expression, an emphasis on my name talking record labels corporations this is entertainment here is what I meant they be like "hey Bob try this" put on this shirt, put on these jeans put on this hat, that'd be the shit rap it like that, sing it like this yeah yeah yeah that'll be a hit whats his name ? [Young Dro] Hey look, came on so hard you don't see the star in me Dro, I can do anything, you don't see the heart in me pressure becomes combustible wheels squeezing the arteries of haters plus my uncle is Quincy Jones so pardon me I like riding a may ? when it come to money boy, we got that? looking bad as ever, mansion in the panamerica why sick, I'm extravagant and clever will damage you, it's whatever Grand Hustle Kings I wont get off the mic until that thing starts sizzling block you like a histamine this is really history watch ya old lady 'fore I slip in with this hickory like elmo y'all tickle me why I still be ripping beats backing fantastic, tell me that you've been listening white on white, drop back joint T.I. in a ride out 2 of the best in the game, what you gotta decide about Artist: B.o.B Album: No Genre (Mixtape) Song: Dr. Aden Typed by: AZ Lyrics [B.o.B - Verse 1] Well this is the mysterious case of Dr. Aden Looking after her patients was her only obligation but That was back before, back before the situation Before she got a visit from an agent He introduced himself as an employee of the nation He asked would she be willing to offer cooperation You fit the job description and all the qualifications If interested I need your signature on this paper (sign here) She signed the dotted line without the slightest hesitation She then received a letter stating the rules and regulations And the military bases where she must be relocated She is not to discuss any business thats work related [News Clips - Talking] [B.o.B - Verse 2] Its central America on a classified location Before border control before a illegal immigration Inside a lab where chemicals are manipulated Is where we see Dr. Aden, she's very concentrated But her concentrations broken When she hears a conversation down the halls Small talk about destabilization and Outta curiosity she wanders from her station Inside a unlocked office she did some investigation She breaks into a file with top secret information Probably some of the most disturbing documentation She ever saw in her life The article simply stated A study being conducted on human civilization [News Clips - talking] [B.o.B - Verse 3] Deep down inside she wished it was all her imagination She couldn't doubt it, cause there it clearly stated She works in a facility where viruses are created And not only that, but 'member when she had her patients She wrote out prescriptions for what she thought was medication Her office was really just a part of the operation She wipes her eyes as they water full of frustration How a victim of government experimentation Wheres the justification, wheres the justification? Wheres the judge when you need him? Hes probably on a vacation Probably inside of the same country that these events takes place in But as the puzzle pieces fall into proper arrangement Yes we began to see the intentions of these creations The patterns of epidemics like H.I.V. in the 80's Biological chemicals designed to be contagious There's nothing in a business of controlling the population [News Clips - talking] Artist: B.o.B Album: No Genre (Mixtape) Song: Attraction Typed by: AZ Lyrics Can't say her name but we were two I grabbed her waist and we would move And then one day we were thru And by the way I must be true Cause all I ever wanted was to act on my attraction I never meant to hurt you that's just my natural reaction Life's just like a roller coaster, just like a roller (roller) Life's just like a roller coaster, just like a roller (roller) Okay okay okay okay I kno I kno You ain't seen me in a while and you tryin to figure out just where the hell did I go Well I liked you I ain't just want sex Well I ain't even goin flex First time you walked by everybody scream hair squad on deck But you still was cool I'm a get real with you Between B.o.B. and Bobby Ray Which one appeal to you But I ain't too mad cause at the end of the night You still let me drill you boo But this the least I can do So this right here's for you Cause all I ever wanted was to act on my attraction I never meant to hurt you that's just my natural reaction Life's just like a roller coaster, just like a roller (roller) Life's just like a roller coaster, just like a roller (roller) C'mon don't act like that Cussin me out like I'm a call you back You the one at the bar in the back Tryin to figure out where all the ballers at And all that ass got you caught us fast And you came back with us and we all got smashed Funny how an autograph turned into all of that Just call me the bedroom bandit Cause after one night stands I vanish And no I can't understand it I don't think one man on this planet does I'm just sayin that even though we lookin for panties We still want a girl at home who can fix up a good ol' sandwhich Cause all I ever wanted was to act on my attraction I never meant to hurt you that's just my natural reaction Life's just like a roller coaster, just like a roller (roller) Life's just like a roller coaster, just like a roller (roller) Artist: B.o.B Album: No Genre (Mixtape) Song: Game Time Typed by: AZ Lyrics Hahaha Hahaha You feel it? Well if you're trying to stop me it don't matter I got the power of a 40 caliber Got the flow, got the style, got the stamina Better call you a police and ambulance Cuz I'm rippin' em down tasin' em down Slower than four legged animals All I need is a blunt of that canibus And I leap in the air like a catapult Look way up there it's a bird it's a plane No it's the savior to change the game Doin my damn thing Shootin' em up like bam bang pow Getting a little bit now Lettin' em know to bow down Yup it's b o bizzle and I'm letting em know what I'm about. They got the cameras on let em know it's game time Strap em up strap em up cuz it's game time Toe to toe Blow for blow Now it's game time Yea it's game time Yea it's game time It's game time It's game time It's game time Lettin' em know it's game time It's game time It's game time It's game time Lettin' em know it's game time The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lupe Fiasco f/ All City Chess Club    (Asher Roth, Blu, B.o.B., Charles Hamilton,    The Cool Kids, Diggy Simmons, Dosage) Album: We Beamin' (single) Song: We Beamin' Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com * - this is the remix to Lupe Fiasco's "I'm Beamin'" [Asher Roth] Yo, I'm beamin...uh My aura takes the form of the aurora borealis or a floral pattern, more or less a forest to your salad The neural path I've traveled has immediate reaction Can't you see that I am beamin'? I'll be leaving in a second Sippin magic from a chalice, detached from the distractions At last, I can relax, lookin past all of the action A fraction or a fragment of me actually is present The rest of me is heavenly, the seventh house is zenith Yes, the fence intimidates, it's meant to keep you out But, let your senses resonate and leap it in a bound 'Cause, freedom isn't found inside a visa or a crown And even the voice of reason couldn't speak it out loud But, mortals are immortal when their soul has been imported to a source that is more sovereign, important to the whole This is the warmest moment of a poet turned heroic As he slowly comes to focus, go ahead and watch me glow [Charles Hamilton] Rey Mysterio flow, stayin clear  of makeup-smeared hatin queers, makin clear this is spirit-ual Throw a spear at you all, church final Your funeral in an arena, you searchin for fire Or titles (whoa), or tidal waves (uh!) Tie the game like a shot from outside when it's 95 to 98 The throw slid into you left-side broke (NIGGAS!) (BEAM!) Boa constrictor, chokin (NIGGAS!), the grown man (BEAM!) Pause mean your controllers get broken (NIGGA!) (BEAM!) Anarchy in the Ford, you need to +Focus+ (NIGGA!) (BEAM!) Love, I get none, like saying no to niggas Hamiltonian's loneliness, so I hold my (BEAMS!) (NIGGAS!)  I logged on to see a C-section in a gross display Sleep never and Rolaids, deep lessons won't go away I keep pressin like my phone is afraid to be a star, so I end it and pound it, see what the code can say [Lupe Fiasco] C-C-Calling all the good rappers, had to get my crew together Fire like the fire flower, flier than the super feather Superman with two propellers, enter that, ninja rap You can call it Super Shredder, +Boss+ scene, Ross theme You can call it super betta, new to this, ludicrous Foolishness, Lu been doin this since, soup with letters So I can't spell and +Camp-bell+ it out If you can't feel, it's too full, you can't peel it out Showboatin at the show, but you can't sell it out I'm on the Sea Shepherd deck, helpin the whales out All my egos in the mirror, checkin themselves out Tweeters in the trunk, helpin the twelves out The speakers on bump, the rappers on acne This track is what would happen if the rastas meet the mathletes Yessir, then the Chess Club got dressed up and went and took all the bitches of the athletes, uh! [Mikey Rocks] Uh, big up to what's been up, nigga Pin-ups from when we clicked up and posed for these pictures, good And the kids connected up, and they clicked snap Hollerin, Yeah, we weighed it on the iPhone scale app Without fail, the best to ever do it just will Haven't done it all, but we got copied real well, though But it ain't no sweat, I got a whole outfit And a new fitted cap that I ain't wore out yet (Check, check, check) And I'm beamin' Yeah, and I seen it, like a twenty-seven inch Zenith Projected widescreen, now they got it 3D Now we NBA'd up from development leagues [Chuck English] Aiyyo, they pale in comparison to stories we tell Man, he see me on the hovercraft and he got a sail Bubble-ass Brenda, stacked up in the window Of whatever 'Lac truck pick her up, retail Nigga, WHAT~?! It just hit me like a Mack truck semi on my last trip to Sydney in the Sheraton lobby Grab my coattails and get a grip (grab 'em) You want the truth? Well, the truth is, this is it  Pointin out the differences This is exquisite shit, riveting, isn't it? Lizard King loafers on swole when I'm kickin it Joe, the live nigga, real rigamarole You a handshake away, and them fingers is cold [Blu] HO! Touch art, lush heart, brush my nigga's shoulder off Now that blessed soldier know that protocol, show me y'all's Maybe not, play me not, say we not remote at all Roger that, scholars back, solid black, go God Gobble gats, go hard, condom snapped, so raw Pompous asshole, flash flow, turn your soul on So gone, strode strong through your lawn 'til the dawn Tell your mom, name another real as John, kill a song 'Cause when you feel it, and it make yo' ass chill and calm Payin more than just attention for that glass I'm sippin on Dog, I would travel half the globe to kiss a broad Kidding, ma? Scratch backs, bringin out them kitten paws And pull a bottle out that cabinet while that kitchen's warm Back to attendin bih'ness, do not lay them digits wrong Dippin all gangsta, but a renegade, no Crip or John This is Blu, shit is true, pyramid, peri-odd [Diggy Simmons] Uhh~! I know what you're thinkin, thinkin I do not belong Tell me Diggy ain't beamin', course I should be on this song Yeah, I'm a child of God, my reflection is on Yeah, I'm only fifteen, but my sixteens is strong Didn't want me to shine, now we sharin the stage Twice as good as you rhyme, only half of your age So the question remains, and it ain't even how Got that Verizon flow, are you hearin me now? Word to Wasalu, they was sayin my future was dark I had the fame, but my name was missin the art So I'm drawin the line, and I'm crossing my Ts' And I'm dottin my Is', barely catchin my Zs' But I'll be good by the morning, on my +Global Grind+ like JoJo They be lookin at what I'm putting on and, so fly, so fresh at the Soho Most niggaz don't know though, they can catch me on the first flight Been workin on a new mixtape, I got a call from Lupe But I did it for the love - no check, mate [Dosage] When people said I couldn't, I wouldn't, I made 'em believers I come from the school of hard knocks, and overachievers From the City of Brotherly Love, they sayin, "We need you to be the voice of the people and go against all this evil" Some of 'em hate it, but I made it, so I'm NEVER concerned About what they be talking about, I've lived and I've learned With my dream and my drive, I determined my turn In this business, because I'm in control, meeting adjourned I said, It's Third Degree, y'all heard of we? I'm Dosage, have you heard of me? I come from the bottom, so the top where I DESERVE to be Where people say it doesn't matter to be much I was on the Steppin' Lasers tour, and man, I shooked it up! That was random, but so what? Life is a war, better load up If you against me, come correct, I am the bomb, watch me blow up - BOOM~!! Right before your eyes, forget about the dividends I just want to say, "I remember when..." [B.o.B] Yeah! Well, it's B to the O, O to the B You know it's the flow, you know that it's me, I flow to this beat As easy as, goin to the store and holdin receipts And foldin them neat, I'm focused as focused can be You know I got phobias, please approach me with peace Or things could get heated and you'll get ferociously beat Speaking of ferociously beat, you know that girl 'Nique? You know she's a freak, but anyway, back to what I'm supposed to be sayin all over this beat, you know that we G's You see all the crowns, you know that we kings, you notice the rings Everywhere we go, we roll with the team, yeah And you know that we +Lasers,+ so you know that we beam It's the All City varsity, hard-headed squad We played y'all spades, y'all handle y'all cards But we ain't all odds, we just blaze, man Y'all playin checkers in this game; this is chess, y'all pawns Artist: B.o.B f/ Meek Mill, Playboy Tre Album: E.P.I.C. (Every Play Is Crucial) Mixtape Song: Epic Typed by: AZ Lyrics [B.o.B] You know who it is without a doubt or hesitation If money talks I got my masters in communications But you can't hold a conversation Probably find me burning something good you can call that smoking aces Compliment the chef in the lab making greatness Ain't a thing changed but the number on the statement NBA resume, baller's my occupation Kush so loud I can't hear what was you saying Bass go so low that the freaks in the backseat Get a thrill off the alpine when it vibrate they ass cheeks I'm Bobby Ray baby an all american athlete I run and leap and jump in that pussy like a track meet Yeah that oughta do it Give it that Carl Lewis, ha I got the magic baby call me George Lucas I'm so prolific but the flow's so foolish These niggaz making moves, my niggaz making movies, wait [Playboy Tre] Wild like a crazy mic Clean like a baby wipe Y'all just a momma boy sleeping with a baby light My ex say I'm a dick cause my mind frank cocky Up in Beninhan', drunk as fuck, drinking all the sake Damn right I want a double fried rice I'm getting bread I put my dick up in your face Your face'll look like Stewies head Girls call me Tre day I'm looking for pay day My squad's got more bottle poppin' niggaz than the AA Liquor and wheelbarrow, foolish as Will Ferrell But I ain't got a step brother, I fuck your step mother I cussed cause I like it bitch Fuck hoe mutherfucker You mad cause I'm balling, life is a mutherfcker Shawtys and leprichauns so hate or live life a little New shit dropping soon "Patron & Instrumental" Til then stay tuned freak, and thanks for the hot gin It's tre, my flow won't quit til I say it ends [B.o.B] Eastside on my arm, 3 stripes on my sneakers Don't roll with pussy niggaz, we call them vajeenas That's why your girl choosing dawg, pray I never meet her I tap her on the head and tell her you know the procedure You just mad with no bitch cause I'm chilling with your bitch She threw out your mixtape but she knows my whole disc My flow's sick, I'm a poet, Edgar Allan Poe shit Haters be getting defensive like 4th down and show blitz But I don't punt it, I run it for one hundred Ever since I was a youngin', been hungry as Paul Bunyon I'm the shit so fix the plumbing I'm a beast and the game's Jumanji And if this ain't what you call hip-hop it must be bungee jumping I'm smoking on hydroponic some of you call that chronic Hennessey in my vomit cause the night before was jumpin Lil C got that beat bumping so you can hear me coming And my name's Bobby Ray, Eastside of the A just incase anybody was wondering bitch [Meek Mill] Oohh I'm a matherfucking beast All my haters rest in peace I make a hundred on the Monday and go hard the rest of week Pray on niggaz like a Sunday See your artist that's a feast I got like 38 inch cock, I let you pussies catch a piece It was me and old melly? in the Scaglietti Bout to scoop these bitches cause they say they past ready Swagger on the finish, I think I'm Andretti I push it to the limit get 'em haters gassed heavy Wait a minute I'm a menace Shout out to the winners Jacket boy Louies like a flag before the finish? I'm just getting started and niggaz at they end And errbody say I'm hot but I've been hot from the beginning I be with a bitch that looks like Kim Kardashian She ain't on these niggaz not by purpose but by accident Big Chris, I'll be laxing him, you niggaz relaxing And the main reason I'm passing em like Michael Vick I'm faster than yo quarter back I bring that order back Ain't fucking with that weed, like where that water at Like where them purps nigga Somebody order that Caught a couple cases, went to jail but I ain't going back FREE TIP! Artist: B.o.B f/ Spodee Album: E.P.I.C. (Every Play Is Crucial) Mixtape Song: Wrong Typed by: AZ Lyrics [Chorus: B.o.B.] If you think that I'm outgunned If you think that I'll run If you think that it's over You couldn't be more wrong (couldn't be more wrong) If you think that it's done If you think that you won If you think that it's over You couldn't be more wrong [Verse 1: B.o.B.] I think it's funny that they think they got us all beat and defeated I swear they must be dreaming 'cause they think that we're retreating Yeah, they be the type, constantly in search for beefing 'Till they see it, then that ass become a vegan That's why on this beat it's no doubt Ya'll already know I'm 'bout my flow, muthafuckas say I sold out? Must be talking about my shows Matter of fact, anytime that you finna reach for a dream or a goal or for anything You will have many enemies, look at Jesus and Martin and Lincoln and Kennedy [Verse 2: B.o.B.] Yeah, impostors hate the truth because you tell it So I know when they around, they so jealous, I can smell it The haters always die, the prestigious never perish So I'll be never buried That's why I'm never threatened by these little boys with big toys They can't aim, it's piss poor, what you holding the clip for? Put the gun down, get a clipboard So tell them haters that they better pipe down We bring Hell like a red man with a black beard and a pitchfork [Verse 3: Spodee] Uh, you totally incorrect if you thought that it was some pressure With each endeavor I treasure raises my level of pleasure I'm flabbergasted by fellas, really think that they can see me I'm saving my special specimens specifically for T.V Ohhh, what 'till they see me out with a case so straight make a fake hoe hate Me and Bobby Ray like this, okay, man a plastic surgeon can't fix her face All these rap niggaz shit so gay, and I'm a keep pimping until that bitch locate My foot in the ass of a prick okay, say you harder than Grand Hustle, bitch, no way Artist: B.o.B f/ Roscoe Dash Album: E.P.I.C. (Every Play Is Crucial) Mixtape Song: Guest List Typed by: AZ Lyrics [Chorus: Roscoe Dash] I be over here, I be over there You be on the outside wishin you were here I be at the club, I be at the spot You be talkin big but you really really not 'Cause you ain't me and I ain't' you I Ain't even gotta try, this is what I do Cause you ain't me and I ain't' you I Ain't even gotta try, this is what I do This is what I do [Verse 1: B.o.B] This is how my day go Wake up, cross over, fade ho I wake up with that leggo, 28 floor but I lay low No lease 'cause it's paid fo, stack chips with my queso Straight shots no hangover, real bitches, no fake hoes Two chicks in Barbados, we bait ho's like bagels Hasta luego, Lobsta Alfredo Authentic Italian linguine, Pasta, no Prego Call me lieutenant, ridin in a whip windows tinted Got a tour bus with a room in it Loud pack, no stems, no seeds in it When I ride on the beat, man I grove in it Hell yes sir, I handle business I'm so prolific, it's no impostor-ing and no pretending [Verse 2: Roscoe Dash] Do it, do it, I did it, did it It's done, it's finished Yes I put it over a time to mix it Mine I spin it, man I got hits on hits on hits So why the hell they keep on pitchin' Got a whole lot of haters who don't add me when they missin My music is like a drug and I'm just feelin' enough prescription That's school and put the beat it at the school detention Got me Captain Chorus man after low murder make me a burger I'm so further like the place that you ain't heard of pound worker See I get out hand to my building I am so ambitious I got big dough that's biscuit [?] So when I walk around that's fitness I pass fur when I visit Overseas ball no pivot you talk about it and I live it [Verse 3: B.o.B] Grand hustle Since day one you heard me From the underground to the surface I rose out of the fire, I emerged out of the furnace But I knew that my time would come, And I couldn't be more deserving Man I swear I'm good for life, but still I'm far away from perfect Shit I'm straight like 12: 30 Call me the good, I'm burping Chillin with brown sugar and cinnamon One butter scotch and one Hershey (Good God) With a booty so big you can probably Google Earth it I'm a hit it girl with that long jump, With hat Jackie Joyner, that Kersee Now squirt for me, twerk it for me I'm the professor of Real Nigga University I hold my team down, anchorman Ron Burgundy I'm tryin tell you man, I'm sharper than surgery Bobby Ray! Artist: B.o.B Album: E.P.I.C. (Every Play Is Crucial) Mixtape Song: What Are We Doing Typed by: AZ Lyrics It's been a long time coming And the clock says a quarter to 4 I'm feeling like it's now or never And your bodies telling me it's a go So what are we doing? What are we doing here? What are we doing? What are we doing here? What are we doing? What are we doing here? What are we doing? What are we doing here? What are we doing? On a late night weekend showcase event Kind of liked you at first but I noticed your friend So I got my folks to approach both of them And they both came over and we poured up some hen And we ain't say much, but we spoke Cause you don't have to speak when you know Their eyes said to me, systems go It's about that time we should go So allow me to flow as I propose a toast To the good life on a good night we go Grab a bottle and go tell her hold on Yes a beautiful night Colorful Kodak photo But as soon as you went to the room I guess you froze It's been a long time coming And the clock says a quarter to 4 I'm feeling like it's now or never And your bodies telling me it's a go So what are we doing? What are we doing here? What are we doing? What are we doing here? What are we doing? It's the end of the week but the first of the month When the moon gets full but the night is still young With a crowd like this you don't know where you'll end up So I just play cool, like the cubes in my cup Huh, but then you came through tryin to body me up And I didn't know what you were thinking But your eyes said enough And everything we felt was obvious lust Which I thought was kinda cool I ain't gonna bluff But look at the clock It's about the time that I duck outta of the door No need to be in a rush But later you can hit me up so you hit me up Shoes at the door smoke in the air temperatures up But I guess when the lights went out it froze you up It's been a long time coming And the clock says a quarter to four I'm feeling like it's now or never And your bodies telling me it's a go So what are we doing? What are we doing here? What are we doing? What are we doing here? What are we doing? Artist: B.o.B f/ 2 Chainz Album: E.P.I.C. (Every Play Is Crucial) Mixtape Song: Perfect Symetry Typed by: AZ Lyrics [B.o.B] Opening doors like an answer key, I make the life answer to me, no fantasy An evil genius, I leave my mark of the beast on the beat Actually, I'm all like a natural disaster, I make you a casuality Added up, mathematically, putting numbers up, like 23 And I'm Manning up like Payton be, game is over, I should take a knee And bow out gracefully, even if you look me in my eyes See you wouldn't be facing me So what the fuck is pain to me? And what the hell is rain to me? My life is very impressionable, like a Van Gogh painting be Told me Vincent inside the dimension, that's my mantra Listen there is no competition, the mission's conquered Did I mention? These girls at my concert, addicted, no double entendre Which is why I'm colder than a tundra on Christmas, put your hands up, can I get a witness? [2 Chainz] While I kill the dark side's where I live Horny devils and a red dress and high heels You don't have an idea how many niggaz done took my ideas I take flight, I'm so bright, I don't even get no light bia You road kill while I'm driving I'm high fiving, my dime riding, My time shining From at the club and I'm outta town but I'm lying around it Deuce chains I'm fung shway, everyday is my birthday 2 gats at the park, you don't wanna see these guns play Patron and lemon lime, I got her back, all in her spine I look my wife up in the eyes, and I think about a another dime My atmosphere is fractured here this right here is bally gear and I keep on killing shit And I don't even have no tatted tear You can put the motherfucker caddie here You can put the motherfucker beemer there Still got 2 more garage places, louies on I unlaced it Every verse I'm going crazy, every girl it's going crazy 2 guns, 2 chains, 2 rings, 2 bracelets Artist: B.o.B f/ Alicia Keys, MdL Album: E.P.I.C. (Every Play Is Crucial) Mixtape/Crysis 2 Soundtrack Song: New York New York Typed by: AZ Lyrics This is the finish my friend, this is the end It's a revolution... live in revenge There's no need to move or adjust your television Whenever an era dies, another era begins These American fights, these American wars These American stripes, these American stars But these American cages have American bars We hunted for truth so we headed for y'all Towers are crumbling, bridges are falling Limits are fading, the normal is boring Looking at time move progressively forward Looking the days just vanish before me You wanted a Benz but you couldn't afford it Now you were killed to put your foot in the tourist It's a... of madness and never look backwards But this is the crisis, prepare for disaster Start spreading the news I'm leaving today I want to be a part of it New York New York New York Breaker breaker 9 breaker breaker 1 9 Could you please get a operator on the phone line This is not a riot it's way much more than that These people are dying we are under attack Wait let me call you back, let me get my stack Cause we ain't taking shit so therefore we'll fight them back We ain't waiting on the line for a 9 1 1 9 9 Whatever man I ain't got time for all this nonsense Enemy responses ain't a dial tone in our home on the continent Got me in these bandages This jungle is up under me Man I swear they sleeping, they unconscious or they slumbering So we break the peace to get a piece of what we wanted Act like we new to this.. Let them know we run this shit And let them know just how you feel the way your country is Now look how beautiful destruction is Bang Start spreading the news I'm leaving today I want to be a part of it New York New York New York Artist: B.o.B f/ Mos Def, T.I Album: E.P.I.C. (Every Play Is Crucial) Mixtape Song: Boom Bap Typed by: AZ Lyrics [Verse 1: T.I.] Bitches kissin' and huggin' Niggaz trippin' and buggin' You watch your mind, I'm on my grind And I ain't quittin' for nothin' Tell your mothers and uncles Brothers, sisters, and cousins My flow so nasty, deranged That nigga T.I.P is disgusting Gotta grip on the game Quit your pullin' and tuggin' Cause I ain't clinically sane I go to pushin' a button They get to clickin' and bustin' You get to dippin' and duckin' They empty clips by the dozen You come up missin' for nothin' Hey, I can triple your budget I'm in the business of hustlin' If we ain't talkin' about money I say, "Let's end the discussion" Hate off my shoulders I'm brushin' All the ladies are blushin' They all love when I fuck 'em Blacks and Latinas and Russians Tell 'em be easy no rushin' Mastered the art of seduction I let 'em blow me so much head I can catch a concussion Seven chicks in the bed Touchin', lickin', and suckin' Dick 'em into submission Then I send 'em to truckin' Cousin we nothin' alike You can say what you like Do all that huffin' and puffin' Then run away from the fight Don't know who getting' {you high} When you sit and you write Great imaginary life You only live on a mic I'm who you'd die to be like Cause I'm so fly nice To live my life you'd have to try to hit the lottery twice Find it amusing, I'm gigglin' at what you made in a year Quadruple that while in prison Servin' my day and a year Nigga hahahaha [Verse 2: Mos Def] Wow It's on right now Buckhead to {Bucksound} Boogie man and rubber band snappin' Bang, listen No retreat, no surrender No gimmicks, no hoax, no jokes, no pretenders The littledefenders haters all they tempers But tell them phil how they feel, fucking let it go That's ineffective though, I'm in a show It's that incredible and my old special doze, extra flow, quiet dog Off the chain, I was born unleashed And I get it how I get it cause I'm from these streets These niggas I cut your favorite rhythm I made this Say it once, say it twice, you made this That's in a affirmative, word of big bird it is I got the fire work You feel it in the chest when the base be bang Yeah and you know my style, I'm from the killer cane While we turn it on and turn it out It go on and on and on and on Everybody talking It's bob, bobby raylisten [Verse 3: B.o.B] Yeah It's B.o... B Bobby Ray, international extraordinaire Listen I'm from the city where they hang out on the light pole Tryin' to get their weight up off 'em, I ain't talkin' lipo' I'm talkin' bout that city I take everywhere that I go I do this for the niggaz locked in solitary iso' Who grew up with kaleidoscopes Now they lookin' through rifle scopes Tryin' to make it out the dark That's what we raise our lighters for Smokin' on that blue turf Just like them boys in Idaho I swear I'm {eatin' good} What you on that diet for? I'm chillin' with some fire hoes So hot you'll need a fire hose Too much pussy on your payroll boy You need to fire hoes (You're fired) That's why my fans is who I'm writin' for You'd swear they never tire Cause they hands are up the entire show But what you hidin' for? I'm speakin' for your benefit Me to you is like PlayStation 3 to SEGA Genesis I have no arch nemesis I have no identity I just go gorillas in your village and start pillaging your city I still got it I don't need to baby sit I'm just magnificent like Magic back in '86 I told her, "Cook my eggs Benedict" She say I'm gettin' cocky Now I say, "I've been a dick" "Bitch" Hahaaa Artist: B.o.B Album: E.P.I.C. (Every Play Is Crucial) Mixtape Song: Welcome to the Jungle Typed by: AZ Lyrics On the battlefield I am the commander in the war between the worlds, time to wheel the cannons in I'm out here salamandering They out here slandering Try to smear a niggaz image down, damn who's the camera man? Where's the man to man talk What a fuck? Get up off the nipple, man Let your momma have a mammogram Busting like Sammy Sam Niggaz can't even see me on the beat Like a blind pianist at a band exam But fuck a punch line, fuck a metaphor Fuck the niggaz who said they wasn't feeling me before Life is like a movie, I just write the score Let me dumb it down, maybe you can understand me more! I got no time for this shock jock, get up above my cock Put the mic down, you're looking sixty four! I'm guessing I'm the nigga that they love to hate But they still watch a nigga, and they pay attention more! Closer to my words, and closer you observe Trying to decipher the flow you niggaz know this shit is absurd! You notice every verb and adjective and every syllable And why compare to me there is nobody who's identical Instrumental general, Grand Hustle emerald I'm ballin' over here, give a fuck about your interviews Niggaz talk, hoes too, but they know I'm one of the coldest overall and general The more I ball the more the haters run When you fuck the game, the problems gonna come Back down never, I'm never known to run Fuck life and get high, that's what I call overcoming obstacles Get up of my tosticles, I got the sun to control I'm callin' audibles, I know what I gotta do When you travel on this road, man after a while Nobody's either on the side of you Reaching out the other artists for a wider view In reality artists just don't have the time for you It is what it is, I don't take it personal But it's a jungle out, and lions don't eat vegetables I mean veggies, I'm all about my I don't smoke and I'm never on the reggie I'm going full speed, but I don't know where I'm heading so keep up my yard and never touch my hedges I'm on the edge, you should never cross the line Niggaz feel safe when they're online But I'm out here touring, they out here keyboarding I'm bout to show what the fuck a high score is So let me do this for east side bitch Decatuer GA, on six! Call it what you want, but real recognize real So the hush niggaz don't even exist! Ah, Grand Hustle, yeah it's B.o.B Said free T.I.P, now the nigga back So now we gonna see what's up and what's good Bobby Ray coming to your neighborhood! Strange Clouds, dropping soon Yeah that's what's up, good news Artist: B.o.B f/ Big K.R.I.T., Bun B Album: E.P.I.C. (Every Play Is Crucial) Mixtape Song: 5 on the Kush Typed by: AZ Lyrics [Bun B: x5] 5 on the Kush 20 on the Drinks So floated in the club niggaz can't think [B.o.B] Yeah, Yeah, HaHa I say I throw to the side Like a lateral I swear tonight I'm doing major damage Is collateral 50 on the potion 100 on the smoking Panoramic roof But we ride in slow motion Patron pass to ya Top self we toasted Top models Tops poppin off kelly rowland It's whatever I never let up I never feel better A house for the freaks And I'll never say never My seats all leather My jackets all leather Got peter pissed off cause my pillow full of feathers Since day one I stay down like a celler Bun B, KRIT BoB we some fuckin trend setters [Bun B] 5 on the kush 20 on the Drinks So floated in the club niggaz can't think [x5] [Big K.R.I.T.] Ok I roll up to the club I pull up to the mother fuckin top Got some hoes with a whippin bit on top Woofers in my cusion What's a trunk if it don't knock DJ on the dash If I want it then I cop It's G a ho [x2] And she a ho A sheep nigga leave alone What u pop pills for So high in the sky we crakin windows And this the end tho [Bun B] 5 on the kush 20 on the Drinks So floated in the club niggaz can't think [x5] Artist: B.o.B f/ Future, Trae Tha Truth Album: E.P.I.C. (Every Play Is Crucial) Mixtape Song: How Bout Dat Typed by: AZ Lyrics How bout we hit the club and walk up straight throug vip? How bout How bout we get some Portorican girls and Japanese Turn it up How bout we get some strippers and go crazy with the cheese How bout we buy some bottles and make movies til we G How bout dat? How bout dat? How bout dat? How bout dat? How bout dat? How bout dat? How bout dat? How bout dat? How bout dat? How bout dat? How bout dat? How bout dat? Yeah, How bout dat? Yeah, they be like Bob, why you stuntin like that? Ahhhhh, tell them blame it on the black Cadillac, I hop out dat, haters, hop off dat Pack so strong, if you smell it, you probably catch contact Freaks, wassup? Show a young nigga what it do Show me what that thang hittin' like and I'll show you how to turn a four doors to a coupe, damn Gettin' all mad at me cause your girl get loose Yeah, that ain't no hype, I live dat life, what you want me to do Well the blue one came out, but then the red one came out, now I gotta get two And my watch ain't got no manners, the shit's just rude Why y'all in my face, you ain't even in the circle dawg You ain't even in the loop, but I'm a wil' out til I'm through. how bout it? How bout we hit the club and walk up straight to vip? How bout How bout we get some Portorican girls and Japanese Turn it up How bout we get some strippersand go crazy with the cheese How bout buy some bottles and make movies til we G How bout dat? How bout dat? How bout dat? How bout dat? How bout dat? How bout dat? How bout dat? How bout dat? How bout dat? How bout dat? How bout dat? How bout dat? How bout we get the spikes, how bout we get the ice How bout I get a straight girl and I turn that girl to a dyke How bout we go to Magic and Onyx in the same night How bout we get a bunch of ones and let 'em fly like kites How bout I pull a Fer... rarri on the front How bout I get the racks and go shopping everyday this month How bout I go to Pluto and go crazy with them bands How bout I go to space and never come back ever again How bout we get some bars, popping that Rose How bout we sneak the lean inside the club it's time to play How bout we make a movie, give the streets something to see How bout I flex my watch, you ain't gonna be able to see How bout we hit the club and walk up straight to vip? How bout How bout we get some Portorican girls and Japanese Turn it up How bout we get some Strippers and go crazy with the cheese How bout buy some bottles and make movies til we G How bout dat? How bout dat? How bout dat? How bout dat? How bout dat? How bout dat? How bout dat? How bout dat? How bout dat? How bout dat? How bout dat? How bout dat? [3rd verse] How bout we hit the club and walk up straight to vip? How bout How bout we get some Portorican girls and Japanese Turn it up How bout we get some Strippers and go crazy with the cheese How bout buy some bottles and make movies til we G How bout dat? How bout dat? How bout dat? How bout dat? How bout dat? How bout dat? How bout dat? How bout dat? How bout dat? How bout dat? How bout dat? How bout dat? Artist: B.o.B f/ Eminem Album: E.P.I.C. (Every Play Is Crucial) Mixtape Song: Things Get Worse Typed by: AZ Lyrics [Chorus: Eminem] There's no need to say shit you already know The question is just how far will this go How far will he take it? And when will he stop? Shady man I done told you once homie to easy up But you just won't listen will ya, nah I guess not You just can't can ya, man I can't stand ya You're rotten, what you plottin' for us? Man when are you gonna let up I guess things are gonna get much worse 'fore they get better Holy toledo it's Angelina Jolie amigo She told me yo Shady just hand your penis to me I'll deep throat And Brad if you try to stand between us then we're gonna see bro Who was a fantasy I don't mean to damage your ego You faggots wanna rassle I shove a fucking jar of vaseline up inside your asshole And rope it shut with a lasso Couple of crushed lexapro broken up wit the capsule or paxil Just incase I ain't dope enough wit the raps though Coke is cut with tobacco Smoke it up then go wacko This is what happens when you mix a cocunut with tabasco Shady let go, the hoe has been choked up enough Let her ass go Not till Jessica Simpson lets go of the tuna casserole I used to love her hooters now Carmen Elektra cuter Strap an extension cord to her arm and electrocute her I'm off my fucking meds but I'm on an electric scooter I might just scoot by and shoot my mum in the neck with rugers Spit in Jasons face while I vomit on Freddy Krugar They can't even get Jeffrey Dahmer to pet the cougar Now I'm gone get the rectal thermometer, get the lubra- cation and get the patient some Darvocet to chew cuz [Chorus: Eminem] There's no need to say shit you already know The question is just how far will this go How far will he take it? And when will he stop? [B.o.B] B.o.B I done told you once homie to easy up, geez There's no need to say shit you already know The question is just how far will this go Cause I will never lay down? And I will never let up? (I guess things are gonna get much worse 'fore they get better) [B.o.B] With the soul of a Sharman I leave the beat than vomit Like a bullemic woman with an uneasy stomach I pass by people on the street they seem like sheep and zombies Stiffer than a therapeutic pair of jeans you run in So can you hear me coming Eminem this beat is absolutely disgusting It's probably go diseases on it I'm just being honest, I can see the comments I can see the evolution as we creep up on it I put that music in your veins like a needle junkie Shit I just do this for the haters, I don't need the money I diarrhea on track so it needs plunging Somebody tell these girls please release my undies Nobody really understands my language I find it complicated just to hold a conversation But still I got a whole lot of patience Sittin' back watching Earth from my Space station [Chorus: Eminem] There's no need to say shit you already know The question is just how far will this go How far will he take it? And when will he stop? Shady man I done told you once homie to easy up But you just won't listen will ya, nah I guess not You just can't can ya, man I can't stand ya You're rotten, what you plottin' for us? Man when are you gonna let up I guess things are gonna get much worse 'fore they get better [Eminem] Oh my gosh I put Natasha Bendingfield in a washer Watch it go from rinse to spin cycle Its like I got ya hypnotising like I gotcha I gotcha pychologically fucked Michael would like an apology what Tell that psycho to stick a Tyco truck and a white tricycle up his butt And glue the seat of bicycle to his nuts I'm as cold as a muthafucking icicle on my nut I aint nuttin' nice, man I like to pull knives and I like to cut The poster addict for post tramatic stress I guess this is the most dramatic I've been in a while This is the closest that its come to the Marshall Mathers I can hear him start to gather I don't paint the portrait of the picture perfect Partridge family This ain't your orphan Annie, no this is more uncanny Kick down Dakota Fannings front door while the whore is tanning (He can't say whore) Of course he can, man he just saw her fanny then murdered her while he danced around the room and wore her panties [Chorus: Eminem] There's no need to say shit you already know The question is just how far will this go How far will he take it? And when will he stop? Shady man I done told you once homie to easy up But you just won't listen will ya, nah I guess not You just can't can ya, man I can't stand ya You're rotten, what you plottin' for us? Man when are you gonna let up I guess things are gonna get much worse 'fore they get better Artist: B.o.B f/ Playboy Tre Album: E.P.I.C. (Every Play Is Crucial) Mixtape Song: Fucked Up Typed by: AZ Lyrics [Intro] I've lost control And I've lost my soul I stand so cold Cause I've lost control! Is that's why you think I'm cool Because I get fucked up, fucked up? Is that's why you think I'm cool Because I get fucked up, fucked up? Is that why? Is that why? Is that's why you think I'm cool Because I get fucked up, fucked up? Way too fucked up obviously But hey,that's what just happens when the bottles are free Prestige like an older man I'm laid up in the sweet like solomon You all just following I'm half way across the world, it just occurred to me I look down, wallet full of foreign currency Table full of shots, that's courtesy Broke niggas fake balling, that's perjury I do my thing certainly One black, one Asian, diversity I got a girl, she got a girl, we doing both concurrently I wanna see 'em lips move, and I ain't talking verbally! I'm at the peak, man I'm hong kong high! you wanna see me falling, I don't know why I'm getting wasted at the Hong kong spot And the room keeps spinning, but I don't know why Is that's why you think I'm cool Because I get fucked up, fucked up? Is that's why you think I'm cool Because I get fucked up, fucked up? Is that's why you think I'm cool Because I get fucked up, fucked up? Is that's why you think I'm cool Because I get fucked up, fucked up? First class on my ass, don't know how to act Tell a broad with a big rack bring a shot of jack I need a lot of that, i should wear a party hat I can't see you fuck boys,call it Cataracs Hong Kong, nice girls, interracial speaking Goose with the hen, call interracial drinking Living life, stocks soaring, make her pour it Hit a freak on one leg call her Captain Morgan Y'all all haters, while we all in Ye ain't heard we the truth where've y'all been? Baby take them clothes off, i need all skin And don't be stingy with that stuff, cause we all friends! Tell me some freaking I kiss my home girl, we're out of here Tre,boy in my own world! Call it Planet Hangover no fat Jesus Yours truly, Mr. pot belly, good evening! Is that's why you think I'm cool Because I get fucked up, fucked up? Is that's why you think I'm cool Because I get fucked up, fucked up? Is that's why you think I'm cool Because I get fucked up, fucked up? Is that's why you think I'm cool Because I get fucked up, fucked up? Artist: B.o.B f/ Lil Wayne Album: Strange Clouds Song: Strange Clouds Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com [Intro: B.o.B] Yeah.. Ahahaha! You already know what we gon' do Ehehahaha... hey! [B.o.B] Well, if you guessin it's me, you guessed correctly, I just stay with a stallion, you would swear I was an equestrian, and um I'ma hit her with that pipe, call that Nancy Kerrigan Stay on the greenest greens, call us vegetarians You be on that minor league, but we smoke professionally I do my job exceptionally, on point like a decimal is The way I ride on the beat man, I beat every street It's done so effortlessly, yeah  So these niggaz can't sleep on me, there's no +Inception+ in this, bitch! I'm top chef, you Top Ramen, I'm top shelf.. No last call, to the bartender, what you got left? Po' it up, don't stop there, hold yo' cup, take a shot yeah All night we celebrate, 'cause we everywhere and you not there Ha! [Chorus: B.o.B] All we do is pour it up, all night Drinks out {THAT'S ALL WE DO, THAT'S ALL WE DO} And all we do is light it up, all night All you see is strange clouds {STRANGE CLOUDS} ...Strange clouds All we do is pour it up, all night Drinks out {THAT'S ALL WE DO, THAT'S ALL WE DO} And all we do is light it up, all night All you see is strange clouds {STRANGE CLOUDS} ...Strange clouds [Lil Wayne] Uh, blue jeans, I'm faded, mindin my own data Smokin on that strong, that Arnold Schwarzenegger It's Tunechi Lee, you bitch you, you hot as a igloo Kick back on that Glock, call that Jiu-Jitsu Hello world, I'm wit' a yellow girl - number two pencil These rappers is washed up, spin cycle, rinse you My nigga, all day, all night, half-pipe I dive in that pussy, yah I belly flop, I jack knife And shit... tell my homies that I say it's a party Yeah, got that Tech for technical difficulties I'm top dog, you Top Ramen, I'm top dog Piru, gangsters, OUTLAWS~! YAAAAH! [Lil Wayne overlaps chorus] YOUNG MULA BAY-BAAAAAY! HAAAAH! B.o.B, fuck wit me! Strange clouds [B.o.B] Well ain't no question, yes it's B.o.B, yes definitely Up in the studio, I got all my necessities Look, if you want that real shit, you made the right selection I'm Decatur 'til I die, yes I rep that definitely They say I'm a celebrity, WHAT the fuck's a celebrity? I guess I must invest in the proper form of protection And I, say it's a curse, but it's been mostly a blessing To a nigga from the hood tryin to aim for the top  I didn't even NEED no directions I, just, wake up then I roll up the purp But these niggaz wake up on my dick, at least have some breakfast first Nigga, keep your nourishment first, and your mind on my lyrics 'cause what you hopin' to accomplish, I already did it - BITCH! Artist: B.o.B Album: E.P.I.C. (Every Play Is Crucial) Mixtape Song: Friday Night Star Typed by: AZ Lyrics She was a friday night star Everyone knew her name but the fame didn't take her far And she was in awe Trying to imitate the lifestyle that she saw And there was no cars Living illusions Dream illusive chasing cars A tongue so harsh She could persuade a million soldiers into the dark So juat wait up a minute lady Pop them breaks for a minute you're so mistaken I say you look awfully shady Or maybe you're just contemplating a friday night star (Shes a superstar) A friday night star A friday night star (Shes a superstar) A friday night star Jessica, I'm thinking I could probably take her home and marry her But eveything I keep on hearing makes me scared of her And now I know I probably should have never messed with her But she got me grabbing my coat and keys and I did I did I get on the express way and speed to her crib, her crib I just loose control everytime I see all those hips and lips And it feels just like an evil deed But I slip, I slip So juat wait up a minute lady Pop them breaks for a minute you're so mistaken I say you look awfully shady Or maybe you're just contemplating a friday night star (Shes a superstar) A friday night star A friday night star (Shes a superstar) A friday night star Yeah, yeah She's dressed for the friday night lights With her boots zipped up, her jeans tight Wonderin, tryna find the right type But there's dogs round here and they might bite I sit back, then stare in amazement As these girls go awfully crazy They don't know me But they know that they play my song on the radio station And I climb on top of the stage Wait for the beat when it drop, then I sing Everybody get poured up, then drink Then by the end of the night they faint After the pause, I fade to the dark Everybody please give a round of applause I leave to the car, she waits for me patiently by the bar So juat wait up a minute lady Pop them breaks for a minute you're so mistaken I say you look awfully shady Or maybe you're just contemplating a friday night star (Shes a superstar) A friday night star A friday night star (Shes a superstar) A friday night star So juat wait up a minute lady Pop them breaks for a minute you're so mistaken I say you look awfully shady Or maybe you're just contemplating a friday night star (Shes a superstar) A friday night star A friday night star (Shes a superstar) A friday night star Artist: B.o.B Album: E.P.I.C. (Every Play Is Crucial) Mixtape Song: High Typed by: AZ Lyrics High, high, high [4X] So high, what's beneath me, I can't even call it high Like ticket holders when the season started It ain't much to say when actions speak for themselves So just the fact that I'm in this motherfucker means I'm balling So next time you take shots keep an extra cartridge Niggaz handcuffing hoes like the police department You think you flying but you really falling You just ain't hit the concrete yet nigga, you're stalling They say pop means being popular to the population So excuse me for being the topic of your conversation I just keep banging verses and rocking your mama's braces What you blazing a week, that's what I start my day with My checks worth more than your neck worth I got a network about the size of the next earth I'm laid up, so much head that my neck hurt I'm living a dream, I never once with the bed first you dig So what should I do with so much hate? Fuck it, I turn crabs in the bucket to a buffet And beef to a filet that's a full-course entre And girl I turn that avocado to some guacomole So Spanish girls Ole, we can skip the foreplay Roll up some good hay and stay high for 4 days We can do it 4 ways, left right, up down My cup running over but I won't put my cup down You haters cheer leading while I'm out here running touch downs But I won't be ran down, I run shit, you run down ... blowing whistles like please get the sun down Meanwhile I'm globetrotting from sun up to sun down But still I'm straight... No time to play cause I know they don't... on tp... But still I'm blaze, so manytrees don't need no shades Living that stamp life, I think my passport need more space Haha, it's B-o-B-o bitch! So don't, don't get mad when your girl come up to me in public like... Just keep it movin' brah All you hater, I don't even wanna hear no I don't even know why I gotta smoke for man It's like I just can't even get (high), not even a little bit, (high) at all! But still man, you know how I do it Grand hustle in the building Tip coming home soon so you know it's a problem! I'm gone... I'm finna go get (high) Artist: B.o.B f/ Morgan Freeman Album: Strange Clouds Song: Bombs Away Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro: Morgan Freeman] As the war between light and darkness continues heroes and villains become harder to identify Kindred spirits separated at birth fighting for their place in time to be solidified The clock ticks faster and faster while time runs a marathon, in this Babylon But see - the end is only the beginning The beginning of the calm before the storm [B.o.B] I used to dream of success, now success is inadequate It seems the bigger I get, it's the more they get mad at me Cause it ain't no rules inside this fight that we battlin And it ain't no leftover scraps, you only eat if you capture it And I swear it's like a fucked up reality But creation needs a Devil, +The Devil+ needs an +Advocate+ I guess And I ain't too big on duality, but.. you think you know me? You ain't seen the half of me So fly, no gravity; so high, Mount Everest And the show must go on yes, but I don't have to act in it And they don't make a television that handles the frequencies of my channel And there ain't no computer that can hack it It just don't have the capacity, hell naw that ain't happenin You hustle? Well we are +Grand Hustle+ nigga we mastered it Y'all workin on y'all bachelors, we ball like we athletes Drink wine out of chalices on Sunday like we Catholics If - this is an embassy, consider me ambassador Official, no artificial preservatives or additives I love it all, but I ain't attached to it They call this a game, because it is - exactly [Chorus 2X: B.o.B] Whenever I wake up, I get this feeling that I can't wait up, cause time is ticking Bombs away (bombs awayyyyyyyyyy) [B.o.B] And it seems like, in the grand scheme of it all The world's run by a few people and we never see them at all How do they exist if we don't know who they are? They could be you, they could be me, they could be Queens and Gods Some say that we're slaves, an alien race created us all from a distant star, some say through evolution we evolve But if anything, what you fin' to see is a change don't be alarmed And whoever they are, well I think that it's time we start takin charge Fuck rules, fuck boss, you can be whatever you want You could be a star, with a car, with a house, made out of gold And this fridge, on defrost, you can never see it all If you don't know what I mean, have you seen Niagara Falls? Man I swear this world is ours, but I've just been pushed too far Now I be beast mode up on these bars, freak out a beat and then beat it up raw Good God, if I go this hard, by the time I'm 90 I won't need Viagra naw, even if I had a dog I'd be the canine, I'd have a bone Better watch out when you cross my yard I am a flame, I am the spark I am in drive, y'all are in park Look at my shot, look at the arc Look at the crowd as soon as I start Look in they eyes and look in they hearts Two middle fingers, straight at the law Sincerely yours, so pray to your Lord Cause this is a war, ain't talkin bout bullets and swords UFO's don't make any noise when they travel in hyper speed, so welcome aboard [Outro: Morgan Freeman] As the mask of deception falls off the face of humanity unveiling the grim reality, of duality in which everyone is a casuality no one will be exempt Truth has many shades It's not a matter of black and white, but gray Although many, we are one, so in the final analysis could it be that we are fighting a war that can't be won? Artist: B.o.B Album: Strange Clouds Song: Ray Bands Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro/Chorus] She wanna pop bottles and chill with all the folks Hang with all the models and all the centerfolds Showin off her body, now watch her strike a pose Tryin to get beside me so she can get a hold of them ol' Bobby Ray Bands, she want them Ray Bands She want them Ray Bands, Bobby Ray Bands She want them Ray Bands, she want them Ray Bands She want them Ray Bands, Bobby Ray Bands [B.o.B] She wants them Ray Bands, cause them bands are gorgeous She looking for a sponsor, and I ain't talkin corporate Ha ha~! She after that endorsement Ever since she saw me on the Forbes list She be gettin zeroes, from heroes, they're Zorros with horses like Mustangs to Porsches imported from Japan She from Atlanta but she on that college strand That's that overseas money - call 'em Tali-bands Yeah she WMD, aw yes spring to winter So pencil her in for breakfast brunch lunch and dinner Ain't no incidentals she want them bands like a freelance parade All day, compliments of Bobby Ray [B.o.B] Look! She want them Ray Bands, them Ray Bands, that coin Gourmet top-house sirloin, courtesy of ya boy She she she, she think I owe her, Des Moines Quite being annoying, do something useful and roll a joint You see business over bullshit's my company policy And my team's goin green and I ain't talkin 'bout pottery You tryin to hit the party, she tryin to hit the lottery And if they watchin girl your +grandfather clock+'n it I don't pop bottles, I got pop dollars After "Strange Clouds," I'ma drop my rock album Violent bravado, call me Bobby Bravo Every play is crucial, yeah that's my motto [B.o.B singing] Yeah - said wassup? Yeah we do this all the time Where the real freaks who wanna have a good night? If ya feel that, let it go it's alright The music got you movin and you're losin your mind So let me know if it's alright I just wanna know, shawty have a good time So why don't you let go? Let go, you're losin control The music got you movin and you're losin your mind Artist: B.o.B Album: Strange Clouds Song: So Hard to Breathe Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [B.o.B] Since day one I said fuck the fame and everything it dealt But the fame is really here just to facilitate the wealth But the wealth attracts you haters like you mosquitoes to a well and the water's getting deeper so I'm well set out to sail Someone called my cell, and left a voicemail that said congratulations on the million record sales As I'm flippin over furniture knockin shit off the shelf I told myself I'll never get too deep to take a breath but I'm sinkin And it's so hard to breathe, yeah And even more so to sleep when no one cares It was all I can eat, but now I'm sinkin, so deep I can't come up for air [B.o.B] Yeah - I've seen the valley, of the shadow of death I've seen the mountains, the wild childhood, that's why I sing about it I just try to move on and keep my peace about it But come to think about it I can't even count the days that I've spent, starvin tryin to find some decent housin That's why I'm always smilin but on this beat I seem so violent So ask me 'bout the music scene and what the fuck I think about it Time flies, I guess that's why I'm buggin Just yesterday I was rappin with my brother and my cousin If you had the stove or toaster on you couldn't use the oven We knew that we were strugglin we just acted like we wasn't It's either make it rappin, if not that then hustlin So all I see is magazine covers in this game You either surface or you plummet; it's a thin line and I'm just tryin to keep my head above it - DAMN~! [Interlude] Air, I-I-I I sink away, cause I sink away I sink away I sink away, I sink away Get carried away, get carried away But hey, it's a long way from beating pots and pans [Outro] Damn - this was never in the plans But hey, it's a long way from beating pots and pans Damn - this was never in the plans But hey, it's a long way from beating pots and pans Damn - this was never in the plans But hey, it's a long way from beating pots and pans Damn - this was never in the plans But hey, it's a long way from beating pots and pans But now I'm sinking, so deep I can't come up for air, airrrrrr Ah-ha-ahhhhh-ahhh-ah-ahhhhhhh Artist: B.o.B f/ Taylor Swift Album: Strange Clouds Song: Both of Us Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro/Chorus: Taylor Swift] I, wish I, was strong, enough to lift, not one, but both, of us Some-day, I will, be strong e-nough to lift, not one, but both, of us [B.o.B] Uhh! Ever thought about losin it? When your money's all gone and you lose your whip? You might lose your grip; when the landlord tell you that you do for rent And the grass so green on the other side Make a nigga wanna run staight through the fence Open up the fridge 'bout two hundred times But you still can't find no food in it, that's foolishness And sometimes I wonder - why we care so much about the way we look, and the way we talk, and the way we act and the clothes we bought, how much that cost? Does it even really matter? Cause is life is a uphill battle we all tryin to climb up the same ol' ladder In the same boat, with the same ol' battle Why so shallow? I'm just askin What's the pattern, to the madness? Everybody ain't a number one draft pick Most of us ain't Hollywood actors But if it's all for one, and one for all then maybe one day, we all can ball Do it one time for the underdogs Sincerely yours, from one of y'alls [B.o.B] I can feel yo' pain, I can feel yo' struggle You just wanna live, but everythang so low, that you could drown in a puddle That's why I gotta hold us up, yeah hold us up For all the times no one ever spoke for us To every single time that they play this song you can say that that's what Bobby Ray wrote for us When the tides get too high, and the sea upon the knees get so deep And you feel like you just another person gettin lost in the crowd way up high in the nosebleeds, uhh Because we both been there, yeah both of us But we still stand tall with our shoulders up And even though we always against the odds these are the things that've molded us And if life hadn't chosen us Sometimes I wonder where woulda wound up Cause if it was up to me, I'd make a new blueprint then build it from the ground up - hey! But if it's all for one, and one for all then maybe one day, we all can ball Do it one time for the underdogs From Bobby Ray, to all of y'all Artist: B.o.B f/ Lil Wayne Album: Strange Clouds Song: Strange Clouds Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com [Intro: B.o.B] Yeah.. Ahahaha! You already know what we gon' do Ehehahaha... hey! [B.o.B] Well, if you guessin it's me, you guessed correctly, I just stay with a stallion, you would swear I was an equestrian, and um I'ma hit her with that pipe, call that Nancy Kerrigan Stay on the greenest greens, call us vegetarians You be on that minor league, but we smoke professionally I do my job exceptionally, on point like a decimal is The way I ride on the beat man, I beat every street It's done so effortlessly, yeah  So these niggaz can't sleep on me, there's no +Inception+ in this, bitch! I'm top chef, you Top Ramen, I'm top shelf.. No last call, to the bartender, what you got left? Po' it up, don't stop there, hold yo' cup, take a shot yeah All night we celebrate, 'cause we everywhere and you not there Ha! [Chorus: B.o.B] All we do is pour it up, all night Drinks out {THAT'S ALL WE DO, THAT'S ALL WE DO} And all we do is light it up, all night All you see is strange clouds {STRANGE CLOUDS} ...Strange clouds All we do is pour it up, all night Drinks out {THAT'S ALL WE DO, THAT'S ALL WE DO} And all we do is light it up, all night All you see is strange clouds {STRANGE CLOUDS} ...Strange clouds [Lil Wayne] Uh, blue jeans, I'm faded, mindin my own data Smokin on that strong, that Arnold Schwarzenegger It's Tunechi Lee, you bitch you, you hot as a igloo Kick back on that Glock, call that Jiu-Jitsu Hello world, I'm wit' a yellow girl - number two pencil These rappers is washed up, spin cycle, rinse you My nigga, all day, all night, half-pipe I dive in that pussy, yah I belly flop, I jack knife And shit... tell my homies that I say it's a party Yeah, got that Tech for technical difficulties I'm top dog, you Top Ramen, I'm top dog Piru, gangsters, OUTLAWS~! YAAAAH! [Lil Wayne overlaps chorus] YOUNG MULA BAY-BAAAAAY! HAAAAH! B.o.B, fuck wit me! Strange clouds [B.o.B] Well ain't no question, yes it's B.o.B, yes definitely Up in the studio, I got all my necessities Look, if you want that real shit, you made the right selection I'm Decatur 'til I die, yes I rep that definitely They say I'm a celebrity, WHAT the fuck's a celebrity? I guess I must invest in the proper form of protection And I, say it's a curse, but it's been mostly a blessing To a nigga from the hood tryin to aim for the top  I didn't even NEED no directions I, just, wake up then I roll up the purp But these niggaz wake up on my dick, at least have some breakfast first Nigga, keep your nourishment first, and your mind on my lyrics 'cause what you hopin' to accomplish, I already did it - BITCH! Artist: B.o.B Album: Strange Clouds Song: So Good Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [B.o.B] Drinkin a German beer, with a Cuban cigar In the middle of Paris with a Dominican broad Great head on her shoulders, she probably studied abroad She transfered to Harvard from King's College in March She says that I'm her favorite cause she admires the art Michelangelo with the flow, Picasso with the bars She's well put together like a piece by Gershwin Renaissaince style, tonight is picture perfect So smile - and pack your bags real good baby Cause you'll be gone for a while (while while) Girl tell me how you feel, what's your fantasy-el? I see us on a beach down in Mexico You can put your feet up, be my senorita We ain't gotta rush just take it slow You'll be in the high life, soakin up the sunlight Anything you want - it's yours I had you living life like you should You say you never had it so good [Interlude] La la-la la-la la-laa, you never had it so good [B.o.B] La la-la la-la la-laa... Suffering from first class cabin fever Five hour layovers from Norway to Egypt I'm to the point like the pyramids of Giza Still lean to the left like the tower out in Pisa I'm feelin single baby I could use a feature Swagger like Ceaser, I'll get you a visa We can go to Italy and maybe see the Colosseum I'll be DaVinci if you'll be my Mona Lisa Now smile - and pack your bags real good baby Cause you'll be gone for a while (while while) [Chorus] + [Interlude] - 2X [B.o.B] Well I been feeling singular, how about let's make it plural? Spin the globe, wherever it lands that's where we'll go We'll hit up Europe, yup, and spend some Euros And maybe visit Berlin, the walls with the murals This is your month baby, sign of the Virgo Private reservations, glasses full of merlot A rozay, a burgundy, travel like turbo Brush up on your espanol, we'll Barcelona bounce So smile - so pack your bags real good baby Cause you'll be gone for a while (while while) [repeat Interlude to fade] Artist: B.o.B Album: Strange Clouds Song: Play For Keeps Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro] Uhh How much must I repeat? We only play for keeps No timeouts, no free throws, no refs, no penalties No handouts, no pit stops, no cheat codes, no sleep But the drinks are on us; if you with it then pull up a seat [B.o.B] When you're roamin through the jungle talk is nothin, talk is cheap Time is money, money is power, power corrupts eventually, damn So what are the options? What are the choices left for me? What other rule is left to break? I guess my fate is a quest for me Man I'm a dog that ain't got no leash, man I got a crib it ain't got no lease Man I got a flow that ain't got no brain but I still get brain, no hands no teeth Uhh! Nowadays, niggaz the killers on the beat Uhh! But where I was raised all of the killrs was down the street Better do yo' research Feelin like I fell out of the sky and landed feet first My swag go hard, my swag go country, watch my theme work Hell yeah, you can tell that the boy fin' to eat cause I took my seat first Three course meal, full entre, refills and I want my desert So why not make a toast? Tomorrow could always be worse Now keep them bottles comin by the kilo-liter And get that Ana off your chest, try to keep a clean shirt I'm so +Grand Hustle+ you ain't even in my league sir What's up with these nerds? They be out here gettin they salads tossed, gettin they leads heard The game just ain't what it used to be, the quality is blurred But a dyin breed survives, and a dynasty emerge So put it in the air if you entirely concur She call me hippie cause I live without any concern Up on this green Earth, I'm on them green herbs Yeah yeah yeah I stay in them trees like the Keeblers Ha! And they say that I look higher in person As a kid I played in the yard, but now I'm Astroturfin I lived the actual version of the fantasies they utter Made up stories of threesomes, they must just be seein double ha~! Run for cover, here comes trouble My heart is goin cold so I gotta sleep with warmer covers Polar bear pimpin, solar flare spittin Somebody tell 'em that this is professional stuntin, don't attempt it Society is twisted, they tryin to take us under So when you see them folks, don't forget to +Warner Brother+ I made it out alive but still the battle is a struggle Veni, vidi, vicci; I came, I saw, I conquered They mad cause murdered the game, and they name wasn't in the will You see most of these haters are mad rappers who just still waitin on a deal and they jealous of my success, cause my shoes cost more than the bill But I'll never sit down at another table unless I'm invited to the meal To some it's like conquerin mountains, to me it's like steppin on heels Remember the images in yo' mirror, can be bigger than they appear And the truth can be hard to swallow - depends on the size of the pill And by the looks it's about this time that you had your prescription filled My life, full length feature presentation There are no intermissions, no time for commercial breakin A fighter in his prime, a legend in the making There's no debating when you let your numbers make the statement Artist: B.o.B f/ Chris Brown, T.I. Album: Strange Clouds Song: Arena Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro/Chorus: Chris Brown] If anybody feelin fresh in the buildin Take your hand, hold it high to the ceiling right now And say damn I'm killin them, damn I'm killin them I know they feelin me now And if you too fresh in the buildin then take your hand, hold it high to the ceiling right now And say damn I'm killin them, damn I'm killin them I know they feelin me now [B.o.B] I'm still here with a lifestyle you would kill for Still here with the same shoes that I had on from the get-go Straight out of Atlanta, Georgia, for any of y'all that didn't know and I'm never that hard to find because 4:20 is my zip code Bit back then couldn't get 'dro, cause back then I was this broke That's why I got so many hustles, +Bruh-Man+ from the fifth flo' What would you do in the middle of the winter when the sun goes down and it gets cold? Growin up in the house with no stove - no doors, no walls, no windows And my brother was always fresher, I would go to school in his clothes when I did go; so that's why now this the type of life that I live fo' Comin' up as a youngin man some nights I would vomit I would throw up on myself cause I was so sick to my stomach Now I'm the shit, fix the plumbin, feel it with me y'all I'm this close Spent my whole life chasin chips so where's Nabisco? My past memories, I miss those But hey, all I can say is you get what you wish fo' [T.I.] Let's kill 'em, let's go, ay~! I'm fresh off my pit stop, flow airtight with no Ziplock Get shit pop when my shit drop, no hip-hop, this TIP-hop I'm back standin at the tip-top where I belong, it won't be long 'til you hear me on a B.o.B song, some chick gettin my skeet on To touch the sole of my feet G you gon' have to get yo' reach on I'm up all the way high, all the way fly on the ground and I'm off the radar Bernie Madoff money dawg, got killers paid off with it all I got the juice, could just place a call, and you place a call to who place a call I take your barkin not too hard, I disregard what you say Back up the trunk and pass the buck, here's where I'm stoppin today Got swag all on me homey, can't wipe it away we too ill, ill That's how we got arenas, domes, and stadiums filled - it's how you feel [B.o.B] Damn, damn, yo! And I'm still here with a black whip from the "Strange Clouds" And I'm still here with the same team, nigga stay down Still here for the Eastside, ain't a thing change but the bank account Hands high when I come 'round, cause I'm killin this shit nigga hands down And I go hard, my passport's like a postcard Give a fuck if I'm solo, I'll go toe-to-toe with'cha whole squad with the soul of a soldier but even still I don't want no parts of no niggaz with no hearts, you cocksuckers need throat guards I'm throwed off for the most part, a young dog with an old bark Flow dumb, but I'm so smart; I compose art, call me Mozart My nightlife's like a soap opera with two chicks like it's Noah's Ark They got nice dresses with no bras but good bodies like "OH GOD~!" From a poor child to on top like a mohawk But I always knew I'd go far, like a gas truck with no park So no applause, hold the applause Just put your hand up if you know the song [Chorus] - 2X Artist: B.o.B f/ Nicki Minaj  Album: Strange Clouds Song: Out of My Mind Typed by: stillswish@yahoo.com [Chorus: B.o.B]  I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm  I'm out of my, out of my mind  Out of my fuckin mind  I'm, I'm  I'm out of my, out of my mind  Out of my mind  I'm, I'm  Out of my, out of my mind  I'm, I'm, I'm  I'm out of my fuckin mind  Out of my fuckin mind (Mind, mind, mind)  [Verse 1: B.o.B]  I'm out of my fuckin mind, G-G-golly, oh my  I was doin fine, once upon a time  Then my brain left and it didn't say bye  Don't look at me wrong I'm out of my mind  Like Nostradamus and da Vinci combined  So paranoid of espionage  I'm watchin my doors and checkin my blinds  My brain is on vacation, they tellin me  And I'm bi-polar to the severity  And I need medication, apparently  And some electro-compulsive therapy  I am a rebel but yes I'm so militant  Still I'm eligible for disabilities  I am psychotic but there is no remedy  This is not figurative, this is literally  If these niggaz go dumb, I go to the mental facility  See, man I'm so out there, I slap fives with E.T  I don't need a feature, they don't wanna [?] when I'm on this beat  If you feel the same as me, then you gotta agree (am out of my mind)  [Verse 2: Nicki Minaj]  What's your name? B.o.B?  So, they callin' you Bob?  Stop playin, nigga, you know that I'm known for the Bob  Couple hit songs, got you thinkin you a hearthrob  Well, this thang so good, make a nigga wanna sob (Hmm, hmm)  You don't need a feature?  Nigga, I'm the feature  You gon' be the priest and I'ma be the preacher  You can be the he-m', I'ma be the Shera  You can be the Grim, I'ma be the Reaper  Now, now airplanes in the night skies  Are like shooting stars?  Well, you gon really need a wish right now  When my goons come through and start shooting stars  You know, I'm all about shoes and cars  I'm kinda drunk off blue Bacardi  I told Baby when I get my new advance  I'ma blow that motherfucker on a blue Bugatti  You know, I graduated summa cum laude  That's why they thinkin I'm Illuminati  And matter fact, let's kiss and make-up  I'll help you escape on my blue Ducati  Hallelujah!  [Interlude: B.o.B]  I'm out of it  I can't seem to come out of it  What's going on inside of my head?  It feels like I'm bein John Malkovich  Ladies and gentlemen, please turn it down a bit  There's an announcement, I like to announce (It...)  Wait, how am I'm suppose to announce this shit?  [Verse 3: B.o.B]  I don't need this song, I don't need this nigga  Cause a nigga bring the noise like an onomonopia  Leave him in the dust, all he see is my Adidas  Na na na na boo boo, wouldn't want to be ya  Never turnin back, how you think I got here?  And I'm never slowin down, fuck was that a deer?  If you got a problem, step to the office  Matter fact, never mind, talk to the Kiosk, biatch  You have no idea  That's why they call me B dot been a maniac ever since I was knee-high  Man I swear I'm gonna need help, someone call Charter, maybe call FEMA  Cause I got to be crazy or outta my mind to have this many steps on my VISA, VISA  [Outro: B.o.B]  Wait, if I'm here and you're there?  And if I'm here and you're there?  And if I'm here and you're there?  And if I'm here and you're there?  And if I'm here and you're there?  And if I'm here and you're there?  [Outro: Nicki Minaj (* B.o.B whispering*)]  Um, yeah, yeah  Nicki, B.o.B, ho  (Shh... they might be listening) Artist: B.o.B f/ Ryan Tedder Album: Strange Clouds Song: Never Let You Go Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro] One, two, three [Chorus: Ryan Tedder] They can take these clothes, off my back They can take my money, don't care about that They can take my words, that's all I've got They can have this fame, it ain't worth a lot Only thing I know... ... is I'll never let you go [B.o.B] As she takes the stand By the look in her eyes I can tell that's she knows that she's holdin the faith of my world in her hands Damn - f'real This was never the plan It was never intended for her to end up the defendant I guess it just happened by chance Damn - and you hope You hopin that a miracle happens You prayin that the judge doesn't bang that gavel so you can go back and avoid a disaster And you could still be holdin her hand Like the, last note of the saddest song Like a, last word at the end of a poem You know, there's nothin worse than bein alone It's funny how you never know what you got 'til it's gone [Bridge: repeat 4X] Won't let you go No, never gonna let you go [B.o.B] What's the one thing in this life that you live for? Who do you know in the world you would die for? Who would lie for? Who if they committed a crime, you would stop on a dime and do time for? Cause it was me she would ride for And that was her that I cried for Now I'd give it all away to get her back cause she ain't free, no, this ain't our July 4th Yeahhh I know it don't sound logical but there's some things in this life that you gotta do You are the one thing in this world that I've got to do I'd let it all go, but I ain't droppin you [Chorus] + [Bridge] [Ryan Tedder] It might be wrong or it might be right But there's no lookin back, and we won't sleep tonight We're livin while we're young, and this is worth the fight Even if I lost it all... [Bridge] - 2X Artist: B.o.B f/ Lauriana Mae Album: Strange Clouds Song: Chandelier Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro/Chorus: Lauriana Mae] Hold me when I'm down Bury my soul underneath the ground Let my blood keep pumpin, my heart keeps beatin Shining like a chandelier [B.o.B] What's a song if it don't have words? What's a word if it don't get heard? You can paint it anyway that you like How can you get the picture if it come out blurred? What life taught me can't be unlearned And every bridge can't be unburned You can't wait 'til you get yo' turn You tryin to make it home but you still on third, look~! Your whole life need a renovation Here, let me give you a demonstration No limitations, no intimidations I'm tryin to live good, that's an understatement They say life's about choices In the face of defeat I declined Put your soul into everything, never back down That's how you leave a legacy behind [Chorus] - 2X [B.o.B] The world don't stop, so we don't quit The show goes on, tomorrow's here today So live yo' life and do yo' thing Enjoy each moment, it could slip away Cause nothin is promised, nothin is free There ain't no receipts or guarantees When it's done there will be no sentence fee Just a far away dream you've yet to reach That's why you gotta to go all out for it No halftime, gotta ball out for it Full court press, life is a test Cain't play sick, cain't call out for it Cause I don't wanna fall, no skydiver Stand tall through it all, that's a highriser Make a somethin out of absolutely nothin That's the definition of a survivor [Chorus] - 2X [Lauriana Mae] So let me be like the trees, where I can rustle my leaves to join the wind in the sky If this was all a mistake, I'd rather leave this place than be your greedy lie [Lauriana Mae] Just keep me shining like a chandelier Just keep me shining like a chandelier [Outro: Lauriana Mae] Whoa-oh-oh-oh-oh Whoah-oh-oh-oh oh oh-ohhh Yeah-eh-ehhh Artist: B.o.B Album: Strange Clouds Song: Circles Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro] Let's go... (whoah-ohh-ohh-ohh) Where she at? {*3X*} (Whoah-ohh-ohh-ohh) Yup! {*7X*} B.. O.. B [B.o.B] But she the type of girl drive the whole hood crazy Little Red Ridin Hood riding M80's The type of girl that will probly be famous Hollywood superstar, magazine pages Apparently she had a thing for a nigga unfortunately the nigga wasn't me Nowadays she's the life of the party, glamorous and glossy Takin photos in the V.I.P. [Chorus One] Now I'm like damn, wow, look at you now You got the whole world chasin you down Miss Miss Miss Miss Mary Mack, Mack, Mack y'all Dressed in black, black, black With a rude attitude, tude, tude and tattoos down your back, back, back [Chorus Two] But still you run circles through my head (circles through my head) Circles through my head (circles through my head) There she goes again (there she goes again) And there she goes again (there she goes again) I just wanna get to know ya but you turn the other shoulder And there she goes again (there she goes again) Runnin circles through my head (circles through my head) [B.o.B] Look, runnin circles through my membrane Top speed, she done shift gears, switched lanes on it Uhh, I haven't seen ya in a minute but the hands of time surely did some good thaaaangs for ya Like an A-list celebrity She ain't gotta see ID, cause nowadays she's the life of the party, glamorous and glossy Takin photos in the V.I.P. [Chorus One] + [Chorus Two] + [Chorus Two] Artist: B.o.B f/ Playboy Tre Album: Strange Clouds Song: Just a Sign Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [First Chorus] Lookin at the world through my rearview Searchin for an answer up high Or is it allllllll, wasted time Everything is crumblin around me Feels like the ending of the times Or is it allllllll, just a sign [B.o.B] Uhh~! It all start from my notebook Ever since, never woke up Hey, I've been travellingfor lifetimes Still I got many miles 'fore it's over Yeah - I kept it hundred like I'm 'sposed to but everything in the world ain't kosher See it's crazy when your friends turn to strangers but then strangers runnin up like they know you And the further away from reality I go I can feel the truth gettin closer But hey, it's a path that we all on If you in the fast lane or the slow one And you might break down on the shoulder You just gotta know who to call for the tow truck I guess we all gotta exit to the next boulevard when the road's up [Second Chorus] Lookin at the world through my rearview Searchin for an answer up high But is it allllllll, wasted time Simulated automated breakthroughs Everything appears to be fine Or are we allllllll, digitized Everything is crumblin around me Feels like the ending of the times Or is it alllllllll, just a sign [Playboy Tre] Yeah; sometimes, sometimes I'm wonder if what I'm seein in front of me - is even real Yeah! Go on roll up some of that killer We call it slasher smokin Gone off those Michael Myers I can barely keep my lashes open Six shots of the rum I'm done Think about my partner's death I'm angry In a flash he was gone; man how can that day not rearrange me? All of my days they clouded All of my nights they rowdy He told me "Tre kick suckers in the rib UFC 'em, smash 'em proudly" Is it all in my head? Am I just wastin time? All in my rearview mirror, lookin for answers 'bout to lose my mind [Final Chorus] Lookin at the world through my rearview Searchin for an answer up high But is it allllllll, wasted time Simulated automated breakthroughs Everything appears to be fine Or are we allllllll, digitized They say you only get one lifetime Then it's gone in a blink of an eye Or is it alllllllll, just in my mind? Everything is crumblin around me Feels like the ending of the times Or is it alllllllll, just a sign [repeat 2X] I saw the lights dancin up so high I wonder is it really a sign or just imagination... imagination... As glowin rivers flooded oit the sky Pourin from the sands of time Congratulations... we finally made it... [Final Chorus] Artist: B.o.B f/ Trey Songz Album: Strange Clouds Song: Castles Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro/Chorus: Trey Songz] Everything I ever said, everything that I have done Tryin to show 'em it's my time, buildin mansions in my mind Now that's all so yesterday, I'm just lightin up my fire Tell the world I'm sayin goodbye... you ask me why I'm building castles in the sky {*2X*} [B.o.B] I use to ride around town in a what'chu-call-it Lookin like a dumber rapper, feelin like a dusty wallet Gettin fired, then hired, then re-fired "The Idiot's Guide to How to Build an Empire" I show you how to stunt and show you how to pop Got a watch from my wrist and a watch for my pops Ballin from the basline bottom to the top Got bullets on speeddial, yeah I call shots (BRRR) Now you can't act like you never heard of me cause I'm so third degree, everyday I'm burnin leaves I'm in my castle and I'm never comin down They always said I had my head in the clouds, HA! [B.o.B] Used to fantasize about the badest girl I couldn't get with Couldn't get her number, couldn't even get her digit Then I saw the light, now my nights are quite explicit I'll be lost inside the ganja with a swollen head missing Got my bills paid, got the whole hood sayin "Damn Bobby Ray done came a mighty long way" No GPS, On*Star, or navigation He's a self made nigga, shout out to my operation It started in my mind, then it started takin shape I still can not believe that these events are takin place Uh, I'm in my castle and I'm never comin down It's no wonder my heads in the clouds, HA! [Interlude: B.o.B] Building castles the size of coliseums Thirty thousand feet up, I swear you gotta see 'em Cruisin altitude with a foolish attitude Headed for the moon, maybe Mars, maybe Venus [Interlude] + [Chorus] + [Interlude] Artist: B.o.B Album: Strange Clouds Song: Where Are You (B.o.B vs. Bobby Ray) Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [B.o.B] Yo... Whatever happened to Bobby Ray? He used to be here for us Then he got famous and left all of his fans in the dust We never hear from you, you're constantly changin And your relatives always miss you, at family occasions And your mother misses you too, since all the fortune you've been too busy recording, now she feels unimportant And your daddy's been goin through it, since he lost his mother The least you could do is call him and show him, you support him I never, thought you would sell out, you're becomin so cocky I asked you for a picture after yo' show, you walked right by me I'm like "Ain't this the dude that said it ain't about the price tag?" Now on your records all that you do is brag Come on Bob, I thought you were better than that dog What happened to "Cloud 9," and "Generation Lost?" You were my idol, just when I thought I'd give up on everything I heard you play this familiar melody (melody, melody, melody...) I heard you play this familiar melody (melody, melody, melody...) (Melody, melody, melody...) [B.o.B] Yo, whatever happened to B.o.B? He once was my favorite I swear to God that I had all of his mixtapes on my player He was the hood, but so different at the same time It was like a breath of fresh air, everytime he rhymed And everybody was on him, and the world fell in love The girls, the money, the lifestyle - all the above I guess he stopped givin a fuck, for all of us little people With your shades on, we can't even see you Is that what happens, when somebody makes it off of rappin? They taste the fame and change, like it's just automatic Where's the integrity? You on that other shit You don't even sound the same, I liked your other shit But we'll stand beside you, cause somewhere deep inside you There's more than what meets the eye, I swear on the Bible you were my idol - just when I thought I'd give up on everything I heard you play this familiar melody (melody, melody, melody...) [B.o.B] I watched, my whole life change in a couple of years Who woulda ever thought I woulda caught the world by the ears? I swear, this shit is so much bigger than I had figured but if it wasn't meant to be this wouldn't be my career It's like, people only see it the way it appears but they never see the ropes, and the pulleys, and the gears Blood sweat and tears, we cry but always swear there's tears in the middle of this rap game, on the battlefield All of these shock jock interviews tryin to phone me You never know, who's gon' try to play you and make you look phony I live and die for my team, these niggaz are more than my homies We put it - all on the line, we gave up all our belongings for this rap shit; cause at the end of the day It ain't just rap shit, I call it makin a way for our survival; just when I thought I gave up on everything I dreamed about this familiar melody (melody, melody, melody...) [Outro] I dreamed about this familiar melody (melody, melody, melody...) (Melody, melody, melody...) I dreamed about this familiar melody (melody, melody, melody...) Artist: B.o.B f/ Nelly Album: Strange Clouds Song: MJ Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro/Chorus One] Let 'em hate, cause I'm straight I be ballin on these niggaz all day, all day They gon' have to call a nigga MJ, MJ I been ballin on these niggaz all day, all day [B.o.B] Yo, I'm - hotter than a sauna, hotter than a summer Throwin shit down, call me California Kush is my cologne, yeah you know the aroma I make the whole club open like a soda I got hella haters, haters on my boner cause I'm ballin on these niggaz, quota after quota Nowadays everybody got somethingto say like a fuckin interviewer on the phoner But where the girls with a good head on your shoulder? When I'm on campus, show me your diploma Good brains, good student Go crazy, go stupid It's me, Eastside bachelor Kicked back kush'd out to the maximum Fly like a traveler High like a passenger On purp, and on lavender So I laugh as I pass you up When you running down the sideline Niggaz on the bench tryin to grab at ya, HA~! [Chorus Two] And you know don't even know what I got And you don't even know when this dropped And you don't even know what I'm about You know, you know, you know it won't stop [Nelly] You talkin money than you callin my name You talkin 'bout flippin money than you talkin my game You talk about gettin money than we talkin the same You talk about small money than you talkin the lame I'm with that, so mellow, whole 'nother level I'ma tell her to get in the trunk, heavy metal "5.0" your bag is little Guess who's back? Uh-uh no riddle Two bad bitches, guess who in the middle? 315 yup, guess whose eatin vittles? Used to eatin +Kibbles+ but the +Bits+ won't get it If it don't come fully equipped then don't get it The seats ain't leather my man then don't sit it If you ain't got no rubbers on hand then don't hit it Here what I tell ya man? Don't play with it Nope, nope - don't play with it, ahh~! I collect money like child support I gotta get it cause I gotta pay child support cause my baby momma think I'm at the slot machine I like soccer moms, I'm on the +sock-her+ team From the block to the boardroom We can do it in the streets or in the courtroom I put a hoop in the house, that's a court room Now a nigga shootin jumpers from the fourth room [Chorus One] + [Chorus Two] [B.o.B] Drinks on us, freaks on dick, haters on hush All eyes on us, everything you see the S-U-V's pull up Down like that whenever we creep up Now we slide to the back but w stay linked up Why the hell they hatin on us? I'm livin my dreams, don't wake me up Ballin so long it's boring Ballin so long I'm yawning Haulin so long that I gotta let the flow cool off cause my feet just scorchin Anybody tryin to get up on my level that'll have to be yo' misfortune And ye ain't never seen this whip, you like? "Can anybody tell me where the door is?" I will never ever ever have a shortage Eighteen damn months been tourin And I don't ever see my house, my couch and my bedroom set seems foreign But I always knew there'd be bitterness These niggaz speak fluent, gibberish Life can be ridiculous So I ball like this on these hypocrites [Chorus One] + [Chorus Two] Artist: B.o.B Album: Strange Clouds Song: Back It Up for Bobby Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro Yeah~! Ladies and ladies (ha ha ha ha) This yo' jam, ayy [B.o.B] Don't stop it, back it up and drop it Put it in my lap girl, back it up for Bobby Red bone lookin like Pocahontas And the booty goin stupid like it dropped outta college Your body is hypnotic, ferocious, exotic Twist it, turn it, pull it, bop it Two A.M. you can meet me in the lobby Cause that thing is the bomb, atomic I had a taste and I can't do without it cause a girl like you's hard to find, Bin Laden I just wanna see you drop it Now scrub, the flo', like Comet - bitch You can do it, girl I don't doubt it Don't stop drop it like a hydraulic Yeah baby, back it up for Bobby Looking like a Goddess girl, show me what your body can do The way work it, then reverse it Show me what your body can do The way you work it, it's picture perfect I wanna see your body [B.o.B] Like a green light, don't stop it Back it up, break it off real proper A lil' nigga do it +Big+ call me +Poppa+ And you know I'm worldwide like your wireless provider She's on that rasta, she's on that vodka That thang's a monster, I call that Chewbacca She picture perfect, where is a photographer? Don't put your feet on my seat these are ostriches Freaks be watchin us, dressed up provocative Eight girls in V.I.P., I call that octopus Oh the beat got a flow as quick as Speedy Gonzalez's Niggaz say I'm in my +Prime+ like I'm +Optimus+ Ease up, I got this shit, nigga stop #Hashtag I'm the number one topic But I just wanna see you drop it Now scrub, the flo', like Comet - bitch [Interlude] Yeah!! .. Show me what your body can do Yeah!! .. I wan-I wan-I wan-I wanna see your body Yeah!! .. Show me what your body can do Yeah!! .. I wan-I wan-I wan-I wanna see your body [B.o.B] Well supercalifragilistic, she be on that dope shit Body stay in motion, she deserve a trophy Somethin 'bout the way she move and I can't even focus Booty so devoted, she deserve a promotion Got a nigga 'bout to cry lookin at that onion Pull up to the house, she bring it out like sunny She could write a book, "Back it Up For Dummies" She love workin wood, you could say she was Amish That thang's humongous, it needs a sponsor Please be aware there's a monster amongst us So stick with it girl, acupuncture Now back it up for Bobby, from East of Atlanta [Chorus] + [Interlude] [Outro: repeat 4X] Back it up for Bobby, back-back it up for Bobby Booty goin stupid like it dropped out of college Artist: B.o.B Album: Strange Clouds Song: What Are We Doing Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro/Chorus] It's been a long time comin and the clock says a quarter to fo' I'm feelin like it's now or never and your body's tellin me it's a go So what are we doin? What are we doin, here? What are we doin? What are we doin, here? What are we doin? [B.o.B - still singing] What are we doin, here? What are we doin? What are we doin, here? What are we doin? [B.o.B] On a late night weekend showcase event Kind of liked you at first but I noticed yo' friend So I got my folks to approach both of them And they both came over and po'd up some Henn' And we ain't say much - but we spoke Cause you don't have to speak - when you know Their eyes said to me, system's go It's about that time - we should go So allow me to flow, as I propose a toast to the good life on a good night we go, grab a bottle and go Tell her hold on, tes a beautiful night, colorful Kodak photo But as soon as you went to the room I guess you froze [B.o.B] It's the end of the week, but the first of the month When the moon gets full, but the night is still young With a crowd like this you don't know where you'll end up So I just play cool like the cubes in my cup Huh, but then you came through tryin to body me up And I didn't know what you were thinkin but your eyes said enough And everything we felt was obvious lust Which I thought was kinda cool; I ain't gonna bluff But, look at the clock, it's about time that I duck outta of the do', don't mean to be in a rush but later you can hit me u So you hit me up, shoes at the door smoke in the air, temperatures up But I guess when the lights went out it froze you up Artist: B.o.B f/ Roscoe Dash Album: Strange Clouds Song: Guest List Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro/Chorus: Roscoe Dash] I be over here, I be over there You be on the outside wishin you were here I be at the club, I be at the spot You be talkin big but you really really not Cause you ain't me and I ain't you I ain't even gotta try, this is what I do Cause you ain't me and I ain't you I ain't even gotta try, this is what I do This is what I do [B.o.B] This is how my day go Wake up, cross over, fade hoe I wake up with that leggo, 28 flow but I lay low No lease cause it's paid fo', stack chips with my queso Straight shots no hangover, real bitches no fake hoes Two chicks in Barbados, we bait hoes like bagels Hasta luego, lobster alfredo Authentic Italian linguine, pasta, no Prego Call me lieutenant, ridin in a whip windows tinted Got a tour bus with a room in it Loud pack, no stems, no seeds in it When I ride on the beat, man I groove in it Hell yes sir, I handle business I'm so prolific, it's no impostorin and no pretendin [Roscoe Dash] Do it, do it, I did it, did it It's done, it's done, it's finished, finished Since I put in that overtime Gotta make that mine - I spin it Man I got hits on hits on hits so why the hell they keep on pitchin? Got a whole lot of haters who don't add me when they missin My music is like a drug and I'm just feelin enough prescription That's school and put the beat it at the school detention Got me Captain Hook, man absolute, murder make me a burger I'm so further like some place that you ain't heard of pound worker See I get out handle my business, I am so ambitious Got that big dough that's biscuit, 30 knots ain't trippin So when I walk around that's fitness, I pass fur when I visit Overseas ball no pivot, you talk about it I live it [B.o.B] Grand Hustle Since day one you heard me From the underground to the surface I rose out of the fire I emerged out of the furnace But I knew that my time would come And I couldn't be more deserving Man I swear I'm good for life but still I'm far away from perfect Shit I'm straight like 12:30 Call me the good, I'm burpin Chillin with brown sugar and cinnamon One butter scotch and one Hershey (good God) With a booty so big you can probably Google Earth it I'm a hit it girl with that long jump with that Jackie Joyner, that Kersee Now squirt for me; twerk it for me I'm the professor of Real Nigga University I hold my team down +Anchorman+, Ron Burgundy I'm tryin tell you man, I'm sharper than surgery Bobby Ray! Artist: B.o.B Album: Strange Clouds Song: Ms. Professional Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [B.o.B] You so professional, with yo' 9-to-5 Tryin to make some revenue, standin 5-foot-5 Lookin straight incredible, but them guys be lyin Really they just scared of you, so girl I'm tellin you [Chorus: B.o.B] Well give it to meeeeeeee right now-ow I could use your soul And we can do iiiiiiiit right now-ow Like we're all alone And I know you're waitin to the things that we're made to do What we're made to do we ain't ashamed So girl give it to meeeeeeee right now-ow! You're just like a pro, ohh, ohh! [B.o.B] You know I'm watchin whenever you on clock I hope you never take a break, I hope that you don't stop Imaginations of me on the bottom, you on top Every single time you break it down, you get 'em~! Every time you dress you bless 'em, you're fresh to death 'em I guess I'll have to resurrect 'em, you know you kill 'em Cooler than a cucumber, two thumbs up With high heels and your suit on, yes you do girl You know you so professional, with yo' 9-to-5 Tryin to make some revenue, standin 5-foot-5 Lookin straight incredible, but them guys be lyin Really they just scared of you, but girl I'm tellin you [B.o.B] Yeah, you're doin it, doin it You know just what to do with it - with that thing (you know) You know just what to do with it, do with it You, know, just what to do with it - with that thing (you know) I like the way you move with it, move with it I like the way you move with it - with that thing (you know) I, like how you move with it, move with it (you know) You're just like a pro, ohh, ohh (you know, you know) Okay, let me think, if I had to guess I can tell by the way you type, I can tell by the way you dress I can tell by the way you neatly stack them papers across that desk If you'll get down with a guy like me, you'll be a veteran, you'll be a vet Lights off, now bring yo' waist to the edge of the bed I hear yo' accent as you scratchin and grabbin my neck That's it, you know what I like A businesswoman by day, Roxy Reynolds by night But you so professional, with yo' 9-to-5 Tryin to make some revenue, standin 5-foot-5 Lookin straight incredible, but them guys be lyin Really they just scared of you, that's why I'm tellin you [B.o.B] I like the way you move with it, move with it (move with it) I like the way you move with it - with that thing (with that thing) I, like how you move with it, move with it (yeah) With that thing Artist: B.o.B f/ Meek Mill, Playboy Tre Album: Epic (S) Song: Epic Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro] Ay Bob whattup? What? Meek Milly, Grand Hustle in the building Ay!! It's B-O-B-O Lil C, on the beat, ha ha Yo.... [B.o.B] You know who it is without a doubt of hesitation If money talks I got my masters in communication But you can't hold a conversation Probably find me burnin somethin good you can call that "Smoking Aces" Compliment the chef in the lab, makin greatness Ain't a thing changed but the number on the statement NBA resume, baller's my occupation Kush so loud I cain't hear what was you sayin Bass goes so low that the freaks in the back seat get a thrill off the alpine when it vibrate they ass cheeks I'm Bobby Ray baby an all american athlete I run and leap and jump and then present like a track meet Yeah that ought to do it, give it that Carl Lewis I got the magic baby call me George Lucas I'm so prolific but the flow's so foolish These niggaz making moves, my niggaz making movies wait [Playboy Tre] Wild like a crazy mic, clean like a baby wipe Y'all just a momma boy, sleepin with a baby light My ex say I'm a dick, cause my mindframe cocky Up in Benihana', drunk, drinking all the sake Damn right I want a double fried rice,I'm gettin bread I put my dick up in your face, your face'll look like Stewie's head Girls call me Tre Day, I'm lookin for pay day My squad's got more bottle poppin niggaz than the AA Liquor and wheelbarrow, foolish as Will Ferrell But I ain't got a "Stepbrother," I fuck your step mother I cussed cause I like it bitch, fuck hoe motherfucker You mad cause I'm ballin - life is a motherfcker Your son is a leprechaun, so hater live life a little New shit droppin soon "Patron & Instrumental" 'Til then stay tuned freak, and thanks for the hygeine It's Tre, my flow won't quit 'til I say it ends [B.o.B] Eastside on my arm, 3 stripes on my sneakers Don't roll with pussy niggaz, we call them vajeenas That's why your girl choosin dog, pray I never meet her I tap her on the head and tell her you know the procedure You just mad with no bitch, cause I'm chillin with yo' bitch She through out your mixtape but she knows my whole disc My flow's sick, I'm a poet, Edgar Allan Poe shit Haters be gettin defensive, like 4th down and show blitz But I don't punt it, I run it for a hundred Ever since I was a young'un,been hungry as Paul Bunyon I'm the shit so fix the plumbin, I'ma beast and the game Jumanji And if this ain't what you call hip-hop it must be bungee jumpin I'm smoking on hydroponic, some of you call that chronic Hennessey in my vomit cause the night before was jumpin Lil C got that beat bumpin, so you can hear me comin And my name's Bobby Ray, Eastside of the A just in case anybody was wonderin bitch~! [Meek Mill] Oohh I'm a motherfuckin beast, all my haters rest in peace I make a hundred on the Monday and go hard the rest of week Pray on niggaz like a Sunday see yo' artist that's a feast I got like 30 in the chalk I let you pussies catch a piece It was me and old melly, in the Scaglietti Bout to scoop these bitches cause they say they past ready Swagger on the finish, I think I'm Andretti I push it to the limit get 'em haters gassed heavy Wait a minute I'm a menace, shoutout to the winners Jacket boy Louies like a flag before the finish I'm just gettin started, and niggaz at they end And e'rybody say I'm hot but I've been hot from the beginnin I be with a bitch that look like Kim Kardashian She ain't on these niggaz not by purpose but by accident Big turns I be laxin it, you niggaz relaxin And the main reason I'm passing'em like Michael Vick I'm faster than yo' quarterback, I bring that order back Aint fuckig with that weed, like where that water at Like where them purps nigga, somebody order that Caught a couple cases, went to jail but I ain't goin back FREE TIP! Artist: B.O.B. f/ Wes Fif Album: Haters Everywhere (Single) Song: Haters Everywhere Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash We got 'em goin down for the count, lookin at the ground That's why we got haters, that's why we got haters Haters everywhere we go, haters everywhere we go Haters everywhere we go, where we go Haters goin down for the count (ONE) lookin at the ground (TWO) I think you're a hater, I think you're a hater Haters everywhere we go, haters everywhere we go Haters everywhere we go, where we go, haters goin down for the count [Verse 1: B.O.B.] Yes sir it's the beast from Decatur Cain't see enemies and the haters Real sharp on my thing like a razor Blade, come clean like a shape up So guess I got a game of tape up But e'rybody gonnaa feel the need to say sum'n But can't speak up whenever you face 'em Thats what I call microphone gangsters Yea I got 'em okie-doke, teah I'm raw you know my flow Cause B.O.B. be actin hard like a Viagra overdose Talkin that noise on all them songs A buncha lil' boys but you all look grown Those niggaz there and these niggaz here It really don't matta cause they all just clones Go to school, read a book, be a lawyer Hell yeah man I'm all for the cause Ain't tryin to get involved with the law sir But a nigga will get caught with the Mausberg And that just ain't a threat on the song Don't get it wrong cause this track is my own Cause niggaz that slip they don't last long [Verse 2: Wes Fif] Hey - what the heck, breathe homie, me I'm doin what I always do Grindin if you wasn't steady hatin you'd be ballin too I know you see us fallin through, all the rich niggaz is on my crew Fuck it, they can't touch us, if stuck up is what you call it cool Ooh~! You shoulda seen when I came down in that Black on black, custom gator, haters face down on the mat Splat! Yeah I can make a green nigga mad Quick, fast, flash like ten cash on his bitch ass [B.O.B.] You can tell I'm a G by the walk and the stance How I play the game make 'em talk in the stands Watch how you talk when you talk to the man If it ain't about bread you can talk to the hand I, I, show you how to get rich You got a weak arm I'll show you how to pitch Made it so play I'll show you how to hit And tell the police I don't know about shit Ay guy, I'm fly, somethin like the air Ain't that somethin when it's stuntin man there's nothin like air Homey hold it right there, homeboy hold it down Spent five at the mall and had the haters goin dowwwn Artist: B.o.B Album: NFL.com/PepsiAudible Song: Pepsi MAX NFL Audible - Packers vs. Falcons Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [B.o.B] You're now watchin Pepsi Max NFL Audible Yeah, uh-huh Welcome to Atlanta where the big boys roam Comin live from the Dome down in B.o.B's home Green Bay to the A, Atlanta comin out {?} Packers hittin a new high beatin the Eagles In the city of brotherly love now they're lookin up Birds of prey hoverin above Packers again huntin the big bird, Howard Aaron's baby How many will Clay beat? Well maybe, AJ Hawk can beat the Falcons But Manny Ice is ready to rip it out of his talons Riders will probably rival Q's TD's But Matt Ryan's plannin on firin through his D Michael Turner's likely to earn him a couple yards but the Packers are holdin the wildcard And meanwhile, the Dirty Bird, Rowdy Roddy White's got his winning wings on, he's about to take flight But according to Charles Woodson, that'll never happen Battlin for 13 years and feel the passion Not like red and black is; it'll be tough to beat the one scene where the tundra doesn't freeze If you lose you're no longer remembered Lockers are cleaned out, we'll see you in September or be a contender, NFC Championship awaits It's a, game of inches so even the little breaks can be the difference between the losers and all the greats Who's real and who's fake? Who's sealin who's fate? Difference between the losers and all the greats Who's real and who's fake? Who's sealin who's fate? It's bed time (bed time) tuck yourself in I can tell that you're terrified (terrified) Check my rep and you'll see that it's verified... {*fades*} Pepsi Max Zero calories, maximum Pepsi taste Artist: B.o.B f/ Andre 3000 Album: Strange Clouds * Song: Play the Guitar Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash * second single [Intro: T.I. sampled] B.o.B play the guitar B.o.B, B.o.B, B.o.B., B.o.B play the guitar B.o.B play the guitar B.o.B, B.o.B, B.o.B, B.o.B play the guitar [B.o.B] Well it's B.o.B, flyer than a stewardess Fresh to death like I'm dressed for a eulogy My outfit's retarded, my flow is the stupidest Dumb~! I'll probably need to after school tutor it Ballin on beats, got hops like breweries Sideline haters need to chill where the cooler is Dr. J flow - you can call me Julius Y'all take shots I direct - movie shit Grand Hustle champion, all I do is ball 'em up Niggas startin conversations just so they can talk us up If you ain't runnin shit, you can't even walk with us Still I'ma chill, blunt wider than a coffee cup You know it's B.o, I do this for the people Stacking c-notes, pockets on Cee-Lo Uhm, I'm killin 'em momma - I'm talkin hockey mask I do it to death, swag on body bag This beat is out of here, it's gone Farewell, so long, so long (sayonara) I'm sayonara, away I'm gone So far away there ain't no signal on my phone Cause I'm a star, so when I hit the bar it's like Cheers Everybody knows who we are Who would've thought I would've took it this far? (B.o.B, B.o.B, B.o.B, B.o.B) Play the guitar [Chorus: T.I.] Play the guitar, play the guitar, play the guitar B.o.B, B.o.B, B.o.B, B.o.B play the guitar (3000) Play the guitar (3000) play the guitar (3000) Play the guitar [Andre 3000] Man, I keep having this re-occurring image where I'm standing on top of Church's Chicken playing guitar Looked over and I see B.o.B with this strange cigar He's standing on top of Dunkin Donuts it's like he own it We at the corner of "Give it to 'Em" and "They Don't Want It" We out here somewhere and me in Europe, they out here yawnin My niggaz threw out way too much jewelry, my chain lonely But they don't know about black pearls, but I will show them "Why the world sleeping on black girls?" Hey I don't know, man Silverback stacks, jumping out the jungle Blowing tiger stripe bubbles with Go-To-Hell bubblegum When I was younger space shuttle got hung in front of everyone And grandmum tells me to stay humble but do not un-der - stand One of these mumbles will make 'em throw up they arms and - hands Now stumble and they will know I put on my - pants One leg at a time, like they do pay us no mind But everybody look at why we do it, it take us mo' time Excuse me if I'm no exhibitionist According to the internet 3000 got a big old dic- -tionary full of words, he must know how to use 'em It also says I play the violin and that ain't true but You give me six strings and a pick And I will make a guitar talk, why I ain't gotta say shit And I encourage any child to pick up some instrument Cause if you're mad at your dad or mum, you can grab it and strum Eat your cabbage and corn, by the time you're done You will finally realize that they meant you no harm They was trying to save your crazy ass from what's to come 3000 motherfucker, Mr. Tell-Me-Sum'n [Outro: Andre 3000] My partners say I should practice more, I know They be saying I sound like I'm out of tune I ask them: "Do you cry in tune nigga? Do you laugh in tune?" Ha? [Chorus] - variations mentioning Andre 3000 & B.o.B The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: 2 Chainz f/ B.o.B Album: Headband (S) Song: Headband Typed by: Lyrics Cog [Verse 1: B.o.B] Already got what I rolled up in my left hand Pussy on my mind, tighter than a headband Kush in my lungs, got ganja in my sweat glands This shit I'm on, better than the next strand Than the next strand, better than the next strand She head down, booty poppin' in a headstand I shine bright, I'll give your girl a slight tan I make that pussy whistle like the Old Spice man I don't even understand why she'd ever want a man If she ever throw it, I'll catch it like a quarterback Like like a quarterback, that's an interception You think I give a f-ck? That's a misconception Oh, what a night... oh, what a night... The roof is on fire  so what, I'm high? Oh, what a night... oh, what a night... Yeah, she a bad bitch, all jokes aside [Chorus: B.o.B] Aye, look at baby over there Wassup? Lil' mama come here She started talking, but I really couldn't hear her 'Til she started dancin' like she do it in the mirror Like she do it in the mirror Like she do it in the mirror She broke it, bounce, body movin' like Shakira Like she do it in the mirror I chop one, chop two, chop that ass down Chop that ass down, chop, chop that ass down All I want you to do is just drop that ass down Drop, drop that ass down... now look back at it [Verse 2: 2 Chainz] Whistling Dixie... In middle school I was getting head on a ten-speed Gigolo bloodline, pimping hereditary Black on 28s, it remind me of February Dare you could fuck with me, that would be Nevuary Dead-ass rappers should've came with a cemetery I am so cold  nigga like Ben & Jerry Fill a nigga, deal a nigga, kill a nigga, obituary My vision blurry, these bitches flirting I've been drinking all night, I think my kidney's hurting (damn) So I close the curtains on the 62 Her ass'll knock your ass out, you'd better stick and move (true) Chain hang to my ding-a-lang Chain hang, chain hang to my ding-a-lang To do a threesome, you've got to intervene Her legs so sexy when I'm in between [Chorus: B.o.B] [Verse 2: B.o.B] She do it like she do it in the mirror Be cautious, the booty is bigger than it appear She speed it up and slow it down like she's switching gears I'm lookin' for the baddest one here I tell her like do that there, do that there You've got to stretch it out, girl, move that there She bent it over and touched her toes when she took that there Like hut-one, hut-two, girl, who back there? Who back there? I'm back there I could take a step back and sip my cognac there Picture-perfect body, that's a Kodak there Now make a nigga feel welcome like a doormat stair I'm like oh, what a night... oh, what a night... The roof is on fire  so what, I'm high? I'm like oh, what a night... oh, what a night... That's a bad bitch, all jokes aside [Chorus: B.o.B] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Big Boi f/ B.o.B, Joi Album: Sir Lucious Left Foot... The Son of Chico Dusty Song: Night Night Typed By: jamx3k@yahoo.com [Verse One: Big Boi] The rhymes I designed are truly unrefined Like diamonds with a spec of blood dug up out a mine Flows flood between the ears right behind my eyes Giving birth to lines, soul searching for the prize I take my time when deciding what to write Like the SAT while these other niggaz bite Underated and mostly hated but got a lot of fight Like a player, play the background, fuck the spotlight Night night, I recite when I step up to this mic Reputation trump tight like the husband want a wife Stay sharp as broken glass, get busted on or smashed When your ass cross paths with this half of the Kast [Chorus One: B.o.B] + (Big Boi) It's bed time, bed time Tuck yourself I can tell that you're terrified Check my record you'll see that I'm verified (Nobody want none) I terrorize (Don't nobody want none) Now you're terrified (Nobody want none of this here) It's bed time [Big Boi talking] Yeah this where second vers supposed to go I don't think I need to hit ya'll with another verse But, I think I might, because I like to destroy shit [Verse Two: Big Boi] There's no time to retreat and no surrender Been ready for battle General Patton's no beginner I keep it all Madden, I call the play then execute for the W Leave the rest of you destitute, now put that money up Oh and your content is nonsense; How you expect to  get it a little resitution with all this ghetto flaugin Snow, that's for tobaggans, no won't be no pardons Or bargains, three striked then you +Yank+ed up like +A. Rod+ and, uh, with no apartments, you got no home to run to You snitching on yourself and no its your front they come through Without a tap on your phone The only thing they had to do is listen to raps on your songs... [Chorus Two: Joi] + (Big Boi) Lights out, the time for the nighty night's overude This is the final countdown to your swan song, you are through All wack emcees and posers this is going out to you Fuck boys will drop their jaws and all because here something new (Something new, something new) ooooh-ooooh-oh-ooooh (Something new, something new) [Verse Three: Big Boi] Straight out the plastic, like a pair of footies, no show My nigga you can't no see me and thats for sho, four door Any kind of Cadillac I go slow, what I'm smoking on  Some of that chokehold, no low, no mid Top of the line pine, because I blow big, been here for a while Your momma likes my style, and so do your kids I know you love it, cuz a hater loves to hate You need me like a junkie needs a razor blade and plate I'm dope nigga [Chorus One] + [Chorus Two] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Big Boi f/ B.o.B, Nathan Williams of Wavves Album: Vicious Lies and Dangerous Rumors Song: Shoes For Running Typed by: en13712n@pace.edu [Chorus: Nathan Williams] Shoes for runnin', and I'll race ya Sun is comin', it'll chase ya Through this dead beat town Through this dead beat town The end is comin', I will race you But there's no runnin', it'll chase ya Death will hunt you down Death will hunt you down [Big Boi] What about the people that's barefoot with no shoes for running when the sun come up? Hey, one percenters, the ninety-nine say what you gonna do for us? We'll run up in your house like the first runner up Be the first one to buck and the last one to get laid down, stay down And now we're looking at the top of the pile Or the king of the mountain gonna knock him off Revolt, but y'all niggas here too soft Bubblegum, just poppin' off At the mouth like the nigga got all the hoes Got all the dough and all the women Boy, what you goin' do in the penitentiary? Got a lot of money, can't take it with me I can't take it with me, I wish they could send me to the moon and back with a cure for cancer And save the lives of my great grandmama and my great grandaddy Now that's the answer to the question but they make money off the medicine Leaving us all stuck in elections with no progressions, just recessions [Chorus: Nathan Williams] Shoes for runnin', and I'll race ya Sun is comin', it'll chase ya Through this dead beat town Through this dead beat town The end is coming, I will race you But there's no runnin', it'll chase ya Death will hunt you down Death will hunt you down [B.o.B] Yo! Just as I expected, life gets deadly It's funny how the beloved become the beheaded The truth can be independent or the direction that you stretch it So my niggas will draw when shit gets sketchy That's a masterpiece, a work of art A gallery, no photoshop Pictures say a million words, so I just let my photos talk Even in your local talk, niggas say you know he boss Everytime my name is brought up better know it's mogul talk (It's mogul talk!) That's why she give me geek 'till her shins weak I'm blazin' everyday, you can call that demp week You're runnin' from your life that you didn't see That's like playing' hide and seek with the Grim Reap [Chorus: Nathan Williams] Shoes for runnin', and I'll race ya Sun is comin', it'll chase ya Through this dead beat town Through this dead beat town The end is comin', I will race you But there's no runnin', it'll chase ya Death will hunt you down Death will hunt you down [Big Boi] You can run, but you can't hide Spent your whole life trying to escape When everybody stayed Getting tired of livin' in a lie Different nights, same town Say goodbyes, but we tried Cause we know there's no gettin' out And when the pawns are playin' themselves I just lay and wait and straighten myself Let 'em blow it out to the rhythm sells out Bring them back to life, give them mouth to mouth [Chorus: Children] Shoes for runnin', and I'll race ya Sun is comin', it'll chase ya Through this dead beat town Through this dead beat town The end is comin', I will race you But there's no runnin', it'll chase ya Death will hunt you down Death will hunt you down [B.o.B] (Repeat 2x) You can fight and try to get away but there's no way to run and hide to You better know that there will come a day Eventually, it's goin' find you  [B.o.B] Eventually, it's goin' find you Find you It's goin' find you And it's goin', yeah, eventually, it's goin' find you And it's goin' find you; it's goin' to find you Yo! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ca$h Out f/ B.o.B Album: Exclusive (S) Song: Exclusive Typed by: AZ Lyrics [Chorus: Ca$h Out] When I land off in your city, my bitch is exclusive At the top floor suite, made me exclusive Ain't no use in rolling your weed, if it ain't That exclusive and ain't no body topping me, Yeah I'm so exclusive My money get old, call me Frank Zappa And I'm the shit, put me in pamper At the top floor suite, made me exclusive, ain't no use in rolling Your weed if it ain't exclusive [Verse 1: Ca$h Out] Ain't nobody stopping me, I thought I told you so I'm #1, go check your Billboard Haaa, bitch nigga I'm cashing out Gonna cop that "Rari" oh yeah I'm mashing out I'm at the top floor suite, hey when they Booking? I got my gold on, I see you looking But shooters ride, so you can't took it Oops I mean take it Sometime I forget I made it When I'm faded, I hit up Nard & B you know that's exclusive These shoes up on my feet yeah they exclusive Yeah, and I'm rapping with my eyes closed And when I speak for the streets I spit it from my soul. [Verse 2: B.o.B] Look, when I land off in your city On this type of flight there's no ticket Better hold your girlfriend closer Cause she choosing on the committee She google phoning my business She loose she known to be with it But that thang there was so deep Ass so wet your boy could soak in it Man she so slippery Plus she bow legged so there's more leverage So she gon grip it, them windows tinted, Roof with no ceiling Fuck emotional I won't rent em No, I don't cake them hoes I don't spend a thing These are mine I don't rent a thing Bob and Cash on a private runaway Ya'll niggas never seen a plane Booku, booku, a nigga got bread on booku Back of the whip getting blue tooth Couldn't put my life on youtube Now you understand what the goose do nigga Your girl gone off too much liquor And you can have your girlfriend back But it's really up to you what you do With her The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Classified f/ Royce Da 5'9", B.o.B. Album: Self Explanatory Song: They Call This (Hip Hop) Typed by: PDog1217@aol.com [Intro - Royce Da 5'9" - talking] (*echo*) Classified, you lookin familiar (They call this - hip hop) Real recognizin real [Verse 1 - Royce Da 5'9"] Yeah, my Pradas and Guccis got me tied up with hoochies My hotel room smell like a lot of paducy I'm a God, I could crucify you Exclude nobody, that means that it's you it applies to If I was you, I'd leave it alone, I kill you or suicide you You had a choice before they flew inside you The best rapper alive, you better ask around I got coke and a ho with a nose like a Basset Hound You step up, I guarantee you I'm a back you down Ask around, you show fear and get slapped around Let's put the track aside, I fuck with Classified Big balls, she suck my dick, she gon' move the sack aside Don't fuck with rappin guys, that toaster pop up like a gat surprise My motto is "kill, trap or die!" Beef I dead it now, your piece set it down I done already touched more kids than a pedophile [Chorus 1 - Classified] (They call this hip hop) Yeah, don't matter where you from, where you came or where you goin Keep it movin, get 'em open (They call this hip hop) Haha, I'm ready for it all Got my back against the wall but I'm ready, never fall (One more time) [Chorus 2 - B.o.B.] (They call this hip20hop) It's the game that pays me (haha) But somehow lately the game's been crazy (They call this hip hop) Yeah, I'm a '80's baby So yeah my mama made me but hip hop raised me [Verse 2 - Classified] Uh, my favorite rap album ever? Geez, let me see Somewhere in between "Blueprint" by Jay-Z or either Dre CD's Or maybe "Illmatic" by Nas Or possibly "Doggystyle" by Snoop Dogg Lived it like religion, critics called it modern day sorcery 'Cause I'd follow accordingly to what rappers reported to me (I) started listenin around the age of twelve And it changed the way I felt plus the way I raised myself (ha) It never taught me shoot a gun or go and buy drugs It taught me how to keep it real and don't be scared of who I was It taught me how to grab a mic and grow an appetite To sacrifice, boojie rapper type, corny actor likes I"ve never been upstaged, off or on stage You can write your verse good but I'm a write my songs great Never was a put on, no rappers co-signed me That's why the attitude assholes, so don't mind me [Chorus 1] [Break - Jay-Z sample from "Swagga Like Us"] "You can pay for school but you cant buy Class" - 4X [Verse 3 - B.o.B.] Ha, well, well these are not just verbs that I recite It's actually a verse of encouragement and advice And everything is perfectly worded the way you like So I can make some currency just to service my life (ha) Really I've been workin with verbiage all of my life So when I die, they gonna bury me with the mic And when I go, please do not worry, I'm in the sky Then and there you will see, apparently I was psychic A heavyweight, don't refer to me lightly (lightly) So when you speak to me, speak to me politely (politely) I'm like the paycheck before you get fired You need me in the game, so basically I'm hired (hired) Ballin on you guys like Allen Iverson They like "Damn! Here's this guy again" (they like damn, here's the guy again) He's on fire, we need a fire hydrant then His screws are loose, get some pliers in and tighten them [Chorus 1] (first line is "hip hop, hip hop" instead of "they call this  hip hop") [Chorus 2] [Break] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DJ Khaled f/ Akon, B.o.B Album: We the Best Forever Song: My Life Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro: DJ Khaled & Akon] DJ Khaled Konvict music Cash Money Young Money Let's go [Bridge: Akon] You already know the score, been down this road before Gotta hold your breath gotta take it now If you want a taste of my life Nothing good comes easy Gotta go hard believe me Gotta risk it all Gotta roll the dice If you want a taste of my life [Chorus: Akon & B.o.B] My life my life My life my life My life my life My life my life My life my life My life my life If you want a taste of my life [B.o.B] Yeah they wanna taste that rapper life But the road to fame usually spoils the appetite We live the type of dreams you wish for in the afterlife But all that they can see is velvet ropes and flashing lights Not everything is lavish life but in the mirror all I see is all the nights I had to fight It's so ironic all I had to sacrifice but now I got the money I get everything for half the price, damn [Akon] You know Khaled everybody wants the good life Nobody really wanna pay the price No pain no gain na na na na This might take a little longer No pain no gain na na na na It'll only make you stronger [Bridge] [Chorus: Akon] My life my life My life my life My life my life If you want a taste of my life [Akon] They all wanna make it up to the top Khaled they don't wanna give up everything they got No pain no gain na na na na This might take a little longer No pain no gain na na na na It'll only take you stronger [Bridge [Outro: Akon] My life my life My life my life My life my life If you want a taste of my life My life my life My life my life My life my life If you want a taste of my life The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Game f/ B.o.B, Wiz Khalifa Album: Hoodmorning (No Typo): Candy Coronas Mixtape Song: Standin' on a Corner Typed by: AZ Lyrics [Verse 1: Game] Big blunts in the air, I don't even care Spilling Ace of Spades on my all white airs Stunting in my J's I got every pair, they put out since '85 Cus a nigga bout his gear Hoes all up in my ear, cus I'm stylin' Try to go bottle for bottle with us Can't do it, money we running through us So competition throw the towel in We over here, with fireworks up in the air Bitches with good hair, cus you know we about to spark Bobby Ray just walked in, Wiz about to park The party bout to start, jewelry glowing in the dark We got all the bitches wet, Skylar Diggins from the [?] And you know your boy is sharp, cus she in my bed I tell her take her clothes off, and open her legs Keep them Louboutins on when she giving head Cus you already know my favorite colour RED! I'm getting bread while I'm [Chorus: Game] Standing on the corner Washing my low low I got my dime in the crib, I'm in my Polo Soon as your boy hit the streets, you know that I'm clean So fresh and so clean, Outcast know what I mean I throw that Andre 3000, one in the changer And I don't ride through the hood, with out one in the chamber You know I used to broke but: now nigga I'm getting it [Verse 2: B.o.B] As I roll up up, I sit back and laugh in amazement As how this all started in bottom of a basement Back when I got started, nigga saying "your shit is basic" Now when you mention me, you must say Grammy nominated All these haters drunk of hate, they basically wasted Call a cab for these niggaz, cus they ain't gonna make it Can somebody please tell me just where Bobby Ray is Well he's probably faded, probably in a spaceship Probably outside of his mind, cus you know he crazy But I kind of dig his style, it's pretty contagious Man them: probably doing him all kind of favors I mean, it's gotta be absolutely outrageous Well, I couldn't tell you what it is More people tell me that they down, the bigga that I get But I just keep doing my thang, cruise control in my own lane And let these suckers complain [Chorus 2: B.o.B] I'm standing on the corner, watching the world go I got my dime in the crib, rolling up that dojo Soon as your boy hit the stage you know the screaming It's that pandemonium, if you know what I mean I throw that Eastside up, Compton to Decatur And on the Westside, I hit the homie Game up I used to be unknown But now niggaz is listening, now niggaz is listenin [Verse 3: Wiz Khalifa] Big money talk, big joint to spark These Jordans on my feet, that's how big money walk Shawty give me head, like she don't need body parts Running my city like the King of New York Poppin' champagne, hit him with the cork Eating so good, nigga need a fork And I ball hard, nigga need a court The way little mama give me brain, I swear she must have been a dork Duhhhhh, you know me I keep one rolled up Smoking with my bitch from overseas, where my Porsche from And these hating niggaz get no love I be rolling weed, getting rich, fucking they bitch Letting you spend all of your m, sending her on trips I meet her there, you know, 'cus you smell the weed in her hair You worried bout me keeping it player, instead you failed Treated her fair, don't need to look, she in the air [Chorus 3: Wiz Khalifa] Standing on the corner, talking that shit You ain't really saying nothing, just hating on pimpin Every time I'm in my car I'm smoking that green Even though this real life, it's like a movie scene I ain't in the club If I don't blaze up It don't matter where I go, I'm throwing my gang up Nobody used to know me but but Now a nigga famous, now a nigga famous The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Iggy Azalea f/ B.o.B, T.I. Album: Glory Song: Million Dollar Misfits Typed by: AZ Lyrics [B.o.B] Yeah we finally on, tell the world we on Yeah we finally on, tell the world we on Tell the world we on, tell the world we on That's that's that I live for [x3] Who we sent get real Tell the world we on [Iggy Azalea] Life like blissing, eh TIP done made an investment It's hustle game till I'm resting Plus rounding round and I'm flexin Hundred racks for a show, run it Broke, I blow hundreds See you talking 'bout not money What you talking 'bout? Nothing Nothing GDOD, get doe or die we do Powder blue Guiseppes and [?] and Maserati coupes To all my bitches that's pretty and got a body too Tell 'em throw that dough in the air And go catch [Chorus: T.I.] I said we kitsch bitch million dollar misfits Million dollar misfits, million dollar misfits We kitsch bitch, million dollar misfits Million dollar misfits, million dollar misfits Finally on (That's just's what I live for) The world we on Yeah we finally on (That's just's that I live for) (That's that's that I live for ) The world we on (That's just's that I live for Who we sent get real) [B.o.B] I said, I said, I said I hop in the coupe Then I throw up the deuce I take my city every where I go In that A hat salute You see is hustle gang bang bang bang We too hard to can bang Ain't no candidates ridin' over beat, that murder business campaign See I roll up the ciggy, burning donuts with Iggy Anywhere we land on the globe, we the hottest in in yo city Your woman know when we coming she gon' pop up any minute She poppin nails, poppin pillies Might cop a Porsche, pop a wheelie [Iggy Azalea] Okay shining all I know, and balling all I do Get the millions when the spring and summer fall I do Falling through, you saw my crew We red carpet ready, you say you are as who Dead fresh like we woke up on the runway Damn, body bangin like gun play Red bottoms no high tops no sick rocks No Hyundai I'm dumb paid Couldn't get 3 stacks outta Andre They ask me what I want, I ask 'em what you got Everything private plane multi million dollar yacht Got that on my hand, mansion On my way to Cabo, riding suicidal Get money by the [?] Tell the world we on The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: J. Cole f/ B.o.B Album: Pass Me By (S) Song: Pass Me By Typed by: AZ Lyrics [Verse 1] Yea, yea, yea Dear Mrs. Bill Collector I know ya just doing your job, don't mean to disrespect ya But we've been going through this thang since way back I told ya when I get the dough I would pay back But I got problems babayy...yea, if you only knew I got bigger problems babbayyy So why ya talkin about the money that I owe, like as if I didn't know man it don't mean nothing to me Cause right now I got my lil boy crying, and my grandmother dying could you please stop fuckin with me? Listen here, I aint lookin for no tears, but my brother got a year and my momma keep smoking that shit On top of that, I'm broke, please put that in your notes for the next one to call me up talking that shit [B.o.B] So life don't pass me by Cause sometimes it'll leave you stuck don't ask me why Gotta keep this trailer moving, no time to cry cry So lonely days I say goodbye bye Gotta live for today so life won't pass me by by So life don't pass me by Cause sometimes it'll leave you stuck don't ask me why Gotta keep this trailer moving, no time to cry cry So lonely days I say goodbye bye Gotta live for today so life won't pass me by by [Verse 2] Hey, Dear Mr. Policeman Hey am I wrong, ain't you suppose to keep the peace man? I coulda swore I was driving pretty peaceful So why the hell is you pullin over me fo'? Is it this black Mercedez? (Oh now I get it, I get it, I get it) Or cause I'm black? Hmmm, maybe Hey, tell me why my hands start sweatin' and I hold my breath everytime that you get behind me I turn my music down, so you won't hear a sound, man I'm nervous like I got a couple pounds on me You pulled me over, you frown on me With your flashlight, tell me what do you see Thug niggaz, drug dealers, its a trip, every nigga in this whip got a mothafuckin college degree [B.o.B] So life don't pass me by Cause sometimes it'll leave you stuck don't ask me why Gotta keep this trailer moving, no time to cry cry So lonely days I say goodbye bye Gotta live for today so life won't pass me by by Cause sometimes it'll leave you stuck don't ask me why Gotta keep this trailer moving, no time to cry cry So lonely days I say goodbye bye Gotta live for today so life won't pass me by by [Verse 3] Yea, my middle finger to the law, bustin off, tryna touch the sky My teacher said, "Impossible", but I'mma fuckin try Plus how he gon' tell me, he don't make the rules There's niggaz dying everyday, but we don't make the news Instead they talkin bout some thunderstorm, cyclones Timmy got his bike stole, top story, Tiger Woods "be fuckin all these white hoes" Anchorman stop snitchin Cut the commercial, he be texting all the side bitches, hey my goodness How ironic, on trial for possession of some chronic My lawyer came to court, man he was higher than the comet Hey your honor, is you kidding? How you sit above me? Are you perfect mothafucker, how you finna judge me? When you home you don't cuss, drink and puff like us These cops is bad boys, baby just like Puff They hate they jobs and they days be fucked up like us At the end of the day, you niggaz just like us [B.o.B] So life don't pass me by Cause sometimes it'll leave you stuck don't ask me why Gotta keep this trailer moving, no time to cry cry So lonely days I say goodbye bye Gotta live for today so life won't pass me by by Cause sometimes it'll leave you stuck don't ask me why Gotta keep this trailer moving, no time to cry cry So lonely days I say goodbye bye Gotta live for today so life won't pass me by by The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jessie J f/ B.o.B Album: Who You Are Song: Price Tag Typed by: buddy_lives@hotmail.com [Jessie J] Okay Coconut man, Moonheads and P You ready? Seems like everybody's got a price I wonder how they sleep at night? When the sale comes first And the truth comes second Just stop, for a minute and Smile Why is everybody so serious? Acting so damn mysterious? You got your shades on your eyes And your heels so high That you can't even have a good, time Everybody look to their left (huh) Everybody look to their right Can you feel that? Yeah We're paying with love tonight It's not about the money, money, money We don't need your money, money, money We just wanna make the world dance Forget about the price tag Ain't about the (uh) cha-ching, cha-ching Ain't about the (yeah) ba-bling, ba-bling Wanna make the world dance Forget about the price tag We need to take it back in time When music made us all unite And it wasn't low blows and video hoes Am I the only one gettin', tired? Why is everybody soooo obsessed? Money can't buy us happiness Can we all slow down and enjoy right now Guarantee we'll be feeling all right? Everybody look to their left (to the left) Everybody look to their right (to the right) Can you feel that? Yeah We're paying with love tonight It's not about the money, money, money We don't need your money, money, money We just wanna make the world dance Forget about the price tag Ain't about the (uh) cha-ching, cha-ching Ain't about the (yeah) ba-bling, ba-bling Wanna make the world dance Forget about the price tag [B.o.B] Yeah yeah Well, keep the price tag And take the cash back Just give me six streams (six streams) and a half stack (half stack) And you can keep the cars Leave me the garage And all I. Yes all I need are keys and guitars And guess what, in 30 seconds I'm leaving to Mars Yeah we leaving across these undefeatable odds It's like this man, you can't put a price on the life We do this for the love so we fight and sacrifice everynight So we ain't gon' stumble and fall never Waiting to see, a sign of defeat, uh uh So we gon keep everyone moving their feet So bring back the beat and then everyone sing [Jessie J] It's not about the money, money, money We don't need your money, money, money We just wanna make the world dance Forget about the price tag Ain't about the (uh) cha-ching, cha-ching Ain't about the (yeah) ba-bling, ba-bling Wanna make the world dance Forget about the price tag It's not about the money, money, money (Don't need it) We don't need your money, money, money (We don't need it) We just wanna make the world dance Forget about the price tag Ain't about the, cha-ching, cha-ching Ain't about the (yeah) ba-bling, ba-bling Wanna make the world dance Forget about the price tag Aaaaaaah, aaaaaaah Aaaaaaah, aaaaaaah Yeah yeah Oo-oooh Forget about the price tag Aaaaaaah The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lupe Fiasco f/ All City Chess Club    (Asher Roth, Blu, B.o.B., Charles Hamilton,    The Cool Kids, Diggy Simmons, Dosage) Album: We Beamin' (single) Song: We Beamin' Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com * - this is the remix to Lupe Fiasco's "I'm Beamin'" [Asher Roth] Yo, I'm beamin...uh My aura takes the form of the aurora borealis or a floral pattern, more or less a forest to your salad The neural path I've traveled has immediate reaction Can't you see that I am beamin'? I'll be leaving in a second Sippin magic from a chalice, detached from the distractions At last, I can relax, lookin past all of the action A fraction or a fragment of me actually is present The rest of me is heavenly, the seventh house is zenith Yes, the fence intimidates, it's meant to keep you out But, let your senses resonate and leap it in a bound 'Cause, freedom isn't found inside a visa or a crown And even the voice of reason couldn't speak it out loud But, mortals are immortal when their soul has been imported to a source that is more sovereign, important to the whole This is the warmest moment of a poet turned heroic As he slowly comes to focus, go ahead and watch me glow [Charles Hamilton] Rey Mysterio flow, stayin clear  of makeup-smeared hatin queers, makin clear this is spirit-ual Throw a spear at you all, church final Your funeral in an arena, you searchin for fire Or titles (whoa), or tidal waves (uh!) Tie the game like a shot from outside when it's 95 to 98 The throw slid into you left-side broke (NIGGAS!) (BEAM!) Boa constrictor, chokin (NIGGAS!), the grown man (BEAM!) Pause mean your controllers get broken (NIGGA!) (BEAM!) Anarchy in the Ford, you need to +Focus+ (NIGGA!) (BEAM!) Love, I get none, like saying no to niggas Hamiltonian's loneliness, so I hold my (BEAMS!) (NIGGAS!)  I logged on to see a C-section in a gross display Sleep never and Rolaids, deep lessons won't go away I keep pressin like my phone is afraid to be a star, so I end it and pound it, see what the code can say [Lupe Fiasco] C-C-Calling all the good rappers, had to get my crew together Fire like the fire flower, flier than the super feather Superman with two propellers, enter that, ninja rap You can call it Super Shredder, +Boss+ scene, Ross theme You can call it super betta, new to this, ludicrous Foolishness, Lu been doin this since, soup with letters So I can't spell and +Camp-bell+ it out If you can't feel, it's too full, you can't peel it out Showboatin at the show, but you can't sell it out I'm on the Sea Shepherd deck, helpin the whales out All my egos in the mirror, checkin themselves out Tweeters in the trunk, helpin the twelves out The speakers on bump, the rappers on acne This track is what would happen if the rastas meet the mathletes Yessir, then the Chess Club got dressed up and went and took all the bitches of the athletes, uh! [Mikey Rocks] Uh, big up to what's been up, nigga Pin-ups from when we clicked up and posed for these pictures, good And the kids connected up, and they clicked snap Hollerin, Yeah, we weighed it on the iPhone scale app Without fail, the best to ever do it just will Haven't done it all, but we got copied real well, though But it ain't no sweat, I got a whole outfit And a new fitted cap that I ain't wore out yet (Check, check, check) And I'm beamin' Yeah, and I seen it, like a twenty-seven inch Zenith Projected widescreen, now they got it 3D Now we NBA'd up from development leagues [Chuck English] Aiyyo, they pale in comparison to stories we tell Man, he see me on the hovercraft and he got a sail Bubble-ass Brenda, stacked up in the window Of whatever 'Lac truck pick her up, retail Nigga, WHAT~?! It just hit me like a Mack truck semi on my last trip to Sydney in the Sheraton lobby Grab my coattails and get a grip (grab 'em) You want the truth? Well, the truth is, this is it  Pointin out the differences This is exquisite shit, riveting, isn't it? Lizard King loafers on swole when I'm kickin it Joe, the live nigga, real rigamarole You a handshake away, and them fingers is cold [Blu] HO! Touch art, lush heart, brush my nigga's shoulder off Now that blessed soldier know that protocol, show me y'all's Maybe not, play me not, say we not remote at all Roger that, scholars back, solid black, go God Gobble gats, go hard, condom snapped, so raw Pompous asshole, flash flow, turn your soul on So gone, strode strong through your lawn 'til the dawn Tell your mom, name another real as John, kill a song 'Cause when you feel it, and it make yo' ass chill and calm Payin more than just attention for that glass I'm sippin on Dog, I would travel half the globe to kiss a broad Kidding, ma? Scratch backs, bringin out them kitten paws And pull a bottle out that cabinet while that kitchen's warm Back to attendin bih'ness, do not lay them digits wrong Dippin all gangsta, but a renegade, no Crip or John This is Blu, shit is true, pyramid, peri-odd [Diggy Simmons] Uhh~! I know what you're thinkin, thinkin I do not belong Tell me Diggy ain't beamin', course I should be on this song Yeah, I'm a child of God, my reflection is on Yeah, I'm only fifteen, but my sixteens is strong Didn't want me to shine, now we sharin the stage Twice as good as you rhyme, only half of your age So the question remains, and it ain't even how Got that Verizon flow, are you hearin me now? Word to Wasalu, they was sayin my future was dark I had the fame, but my name was missin the art So I'm drawin the line, and I'm crossing my Ts' And I'm dottin my Is', barely catchin my Zs' But I'll be good by the morning, on my +Global Grind+ like JoJo They be lookin at what I'm putting on and, so fly, so fresh at the Soho Most niggaz don't know though, they can catch me on the first flight Been workin on a new mixtape, I got a call from Lupe But I did it for the love - no check, mate [Dosage] When people said I couldn't, I wouldn't, I made 'em believers I come from the school of hard knocks, and overachievers From the City of Brotherly Love, they sayin, "We need you to be the voice of the people and go against all this evil" Some of 'em hate it, but I made it, so I'm NEVER concerned About what they be talking about, I've lived and I've learned With my dream and my drive, I determined my turn In this business, because I'm in control, meeting adjourned I said, It's Third Degree, y'all heard of we? I'm Dosage, have you heard of me? I come from the bottom, so the top where I DESERVE to be Where people say it doesn't matter to be much I was on the Steppin' Lasers tour, and man, I shooked it up! That was random, but so what? Life is a war, better load up If you against me, come correct, I am the bomb, watch me blow up - BOOM~!! Right before your eyes, forget about the dividends I just want to say, "I remember when..." [B.o.B] Yeah! Well, it's B to the O, O to the B You know it's the flow, you know that it's me, I flow to this beat As easy as, goin to the store and holdin receipts And foldin them neat, I'm focused as focused can be You know I got phobias, please approach me with peace Or things could get heated and you'll get ferociously beat Speaking of ferociously beat, you know that girl 'Nique? You know she's a freak, but anyway, back to what I'm supposed to be sayin all over this beat, you know that we G's You see all the crowns, you know that we kings, you notice the rings Everywhere we go, we roll with the team, yeah And you know that we +Lasers,+ so you know that we beam It's the All City varsity, hard-headed squad We played y'all spades, y'all handle y'all cards But we ain't all odds, we just blaze, man Y'all playin checkers in this game; this is chess, y'all pawns The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Meek Mill f/ B.o.B Album: Flamers 2 (Mixtape) Song: Living at the Speed of Light Typed by: AZ Lyrics [Meek Mill] Yea... You can b here one day gon any minute dats y I live eryday likes it's my last [Chorus: B.o.B] Well You could be here one day gon in a minute cause life is so short but it's own as a minute see I'm (see I'm) I'm juss living at the speed of light (Juss Livin) juss living at the speed of light N I would neva waste a minute I'm neva giving up and I'm breakin every limit cause I'm (cause I'm) I'm juss living at the speed of light (yea) I'm juss living at the speed of light [Verse 1: Meek Mill] Speedin in the fast lane watchin thru my rearview thinkin bout the past man and all the shit I did do shit dat coulda took my life from me dat I lived thru cases dat I coulda caught cracks dat I done slid thru the bids too struggles I done came from the main one was the day my dad died I neva been the same son turned into a man young cause I ain't understand sumthen changes I was brought thru streets dat I was forced to u could b here one day gon in a minute dats y I get dat money spend it like I print it ball to I fall till the day I deminish I ain't neva gon stop I push it to the limit [Chorus: B.o.B] Well You could be here one day gon in a minute cause life is so short but it's own as a minute see I'm (see I'm) I'm juss living at the speed of light (Juss Livin) juss living at the speed of light N I would neva waste a minute (Neva) I'm neva giving up and I'm breakin every limit cause I'm (cause I'm) I'm juss living at the speed of light (yea) I'm juss living at the speed of light [Verse 2: Meek Mill] Dey gav my nigga twenty years man dey wasn't evn right got em in the hell hole livin at the speed of light prayin dat the time fly by so he can see the light see his kids meet a wife all ova a key a white but y you think dey take dat time from you cause you need it right n you can't get it bac so how dey givin niggaz life like you gon live again grow up b a kid again dats y I neva waste time I cherish ery minute in pray to GOD faithful tho man half dat shit I make I blow I don't evn take it slow cause any givin day could go n I can meet my death date b4 my last breath take dats y I go and get it now I b like fuck waitin [Chorus: B.o.B] Well You could be here one day gon in a minute cause life is so short but it's own as a minute see I'm (see I'm) I'm juss living at the speed of light (Juss Livin) juss living at the speed of light N I would neva waste a minute (Neva) I'm neva giving up and I'm breakin every limit cause I'm (cause I'm) I'm juss living at the speed of light (yea) I'm juss living at the speed of light [Verse 3: Meek Mill] From where the good die young n the bad don't evn last at where the young niggaz 16 and ova die fast at I was made derr and raised derr but moved past dat livin at the speed of light it look like a flashback I done got money went broke and got the cash back had it I was cool tho lost it I got laughed at dats y I neva eva cherish nuthen I can hav bac thank you for my life tho I wish dat I can stash dat yea shit I'm juss livin at the speed of light ballin hard to see the light b here today decease the night I juss hope wen GOD come arrest me dat he read my rights read my wrongs keep me right send me home but leave me right. [Chorus: B.o.B] Well You could be here one day gon in a minute cause life is so short but it's own as a minute see I'm (see I'm) I'm juss living at the speed of light juss living at the speed of light N I would neva waste a minute I'm neva giving up and I'm breakin every limit cause I'm (cause I'm) I'm juss living at the speed of light I'm juss living at the speed of light The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Pitbull f/ B.o.B Album: Rebelution Song: Across the World Typed by: AZ Lyrics Hey Jim, its like these boyz wanna make music for their block you know, for their hood, their city I'm tryin to make music for the world you feel me right, B.o.B? So this what we came up with I got up today And my flight was late On my way to L.A I jumped up on a plane And put on my shades And threw on my head phones I was vibing to this beat That made me move my feet Boy that thang was stickin And then I heard this melody The dopest one I've ever seen Something out the usual So Mr. Pilot please I think I got a hit on you Hurry to the studio I'll play across the world Across the world Across the world I'll play across the world Across the world Across the world I'll play across the world Well I got up today Put some gas in my tank To make it to the studio And then I heard this beat It made me move my feet Hell yeah that thang was super dope And then I sang this melody The dopest one I've ever seen Something out the usual So Mr. Engineer Turn up the auto tune So ill be on the radio Been around the world Same old songs Now on stage Hit the bras and thongs Long way from what I came from Fighting in the club For just singing a song Now my passports full I'm outta pages New places, new faces New fans, all ages Black, pink, purple, orange Caucasians Latinos, European and Asians. In Japan, they Knew all my lyrics it was Amazing! They spoke Spanish I guess its true what they say Music is the universal language It's a true blessing you know To travel the globe The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Slaughterhouse f/ B.o.B Album: Welcome To: Our House Song: Place to Be Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  {"Kane is in the building"} [Crooked I] Fuck the whole world mayne, we are the freshest I'm higher than a baby on a seesaw with Precious Y'all just the messengers, we are the message You bang on wax, I beef off the record Rap like I trap, you can't spit this flow I sling water, sling flour, I'ma get this dough Yeah, behind my zipper where her lipstick go Like an embryo in a hooker, I'm in this hoe [Royce Da 5'9"] Nickel! Right off the rip, nigga we are the dopest Y'all in front of the cameras, we are the focus Y'all are the watered down, we are the potent Y'all call y'all bosses, we call the GOAT then We ball for sho' and, here we are fast cats, fly me and +Bombs Over Baghdad+, BOB The only thing I hate to see is hate, in the place to be [Chorus: B.o.B] What an incredible place to be Away from the bullshit, I'm fadin slowly Ain't no other place I'd rather be Away from the lowlifes, surrounded by money What about nines and super freaks? A bottle Patrn, just on that green If you down for the team So while my pill is kickin in, take another shot What an incredible place to be [Joell Ortiz] I'm feelin like Cassius, at last it's the greatest Angry intelligent rap, mad innovative Y'all blast garbage shit, we blast the haters Hip-Hop's a community, we smack the neighbors The last men standin when the shit get real When the rest up we stepped up like a 6-inch heel Yeah, I'm gettin used to how this rich shit feel Don't judge me, I'm tryin my best to make my dick sit still [Joe Budden] Fresh in the strip club, he be the realest The drugs got her number, she feel this I said I need her love but for an hour, not anything like a spouse Told her the roof's missin but e'rything's on the house Got a table full of liquor, somethin's gotta hit the spot She might even put 'em on the glass if we mix a lot Get her nice and buzzed The night'll end when we decide it does [B.o.B] You already know nigga we be's the flyest You might've seen high but nigga we get, the highest Far as lighters, I need at least a 3-week supply with all this pussy thrown at me now I'm knee-deep, in 'gina Bitch I'm boss, fuck around and unleash Goliath I go deep of gettin poon, you're wet now call me, Poseidon I'm a giant, I eat beats and I burn good That's my diet, B.o.B and Slaughterhouse, 5 [Royce Da 5'9"] + (B.o.B) 9, every time I scribble a rhyme down niggaz be like (that's a riot) Crooked, Ortiz, sick with the flow (that's a riot) [Joe Budden] Yo, yo yo, or explosive Know it be like Floetry, so it's +Ambrosius+ I wrote it, know that it's cool to quote it Joe- [Joell Ortiz] -ell one hell of a relevant MC, felon ya melon is empty So elementary, benevolency resides inside our pens, see/C [Crooked I] -R-double-O-K-E-D I Far up and away cause we be high [Chorus] - 2X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tech N9ne f/ B.o.B, Hopsin Album: All 6's and 7's Song: Am I a Psycho Typed by: newos_crib_is@hotmail.com [B.o.B] I see you loo-king at me Loo-king at me, so I ask Am I a psycho? Am I a psycho? Yeah, I'm a psycho I guess I'm a psycho [Tech N9ne] You're crazy - I like you, but you're crazy, my tours paid me So I used that dough to allure ladies to manure bathe me Never that, my mind's for sure shady, pure Hades Rev X steady couldn't endure to save me Why did I let this stripper burn me on the arm with a cigarette in the same spot ten times in a row, when I felt that burn upon the clitoris I'ma get her wet, sorry to get carried away I feel stupid cause I ain't did her yet Maybe she never let a fine nigga stare at her breasts I get vexed when I ain't bit her neck open, I try to contain it but that dame thang's soaking Alter ego say why you let them gang bang folk in? Strange lane, hoping I can maintain coping But ain't nobody talking when the insane mayne spoken I like fire on my skin, blood on my draws from up in her walls, I'm suffering, I'm stuck in her claws Stuffed in her jaws, huffing and puffing, hollering, I'm a dog Afterwards I like really hot scalding water on my balls [Hopsin] Mom? Dad? I'm no longer the boy you're used to seeing I've changed a lot, plus I've grown to hate every human being My mood swings have now turned my dreams into gruesome scenes Now I'm doing things I don't normally do, when illusions seem to be the only pleasures I can gain, heck, if I was sane I would have put down the mic and said fuck it, I'll never rise to fame But with the wicked records I contain, I could probably jeopardize your name No lovey-dovey, let's ignite the flame, if you're lucky you'll survive the pain Sorry that ain't very merry to say, why is this game so scary to play? Well, let me think, cause every day my balls are getting too hairy to shave Pause a minute, I'm stressing the game, if I go to Hell then Heaven's to blame I don't mean to come off crazy, but you motherfuckers seem to think I'm hella deranged When I was seven years old, I fell on my head and I severed my brain You think I'm lying? Then ask my mama nigga, she can tell you the same Should I be ashamed? No, I'm living my life so ghetto fabulous Before you get bent out of shape my nigga, let me ask you this [B.o.B] I stab you with this mic and rap this verse I'm rapping to you Matter of fact, I'm rapping through you Never say my motherfucking name unless you absolutely have to I am not no fucking jacket with no matching shoes and you are not no fashion guru Can't even see you niggas, y'all wish I was rapping to you Matter of fact, act like I'm rapping to you if that gives you passion to use this as an excuse, then just jump up at a conclusion that I'm attacking you dudes, it's just like old fashion voodoo Y'all ain't even the shit, no y'all ain't even the doodoo I got more flavor on the tissue paper under my Toobos So I'm slapping you foolish with wooden paddles, you stupid Baby-sitting little bastards like little afternoon children You could call me psychotic, but it's more like schizophrenic And I can speak, can anyone tell me just where my medicine is? Guess I gotta show these minors just what my avenue is Man I swear I'm all up out my brain like graduate students I'm sorry, I didn't mean to hurt your feelings I see your tears, come here, give me your face, let me clear it But I wonder how it would look if I woulda peel it back with a skillet Then I'ma feel it crack when I hit it and then I'ma split it back when you ill it Damn it Bobby boy, what in the Hell? What in the Heaven? What in the earth? Where is you mom? What, are you cursed? Where are you from? Where was your birth? Where were you first? Why wasn't you in church? Why is there dirt, all on your shirt? Man, now I think that you're going berserk [Chorus: 2X] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tech N9ne f/ B.o.B., Ces Cru, Krizz Kaliko, Mayday!, Rittz, Stevie Stone Album: Something Else Song: Colorado Typed by: AZ Lyrics [B.o.B] Yeah, uh-huh, uh-oh, no, damn [Tech N9ne] It-it-it-it-it-it that good Colora-do [Chorus: B.o.B] Toke, toke, toke, toke, you know it's that fire, I can't get no higher! Toke, toke, toke, toke, I came to turn the night up, now watch me as I light up [Tech N9ne] Hey, I smoke in Amsterdam, in Denmark, Christiana! Canada, then Germany, now everybody in this twist ganja Now I wanna go to my second home big Tech is prone to conjure Some of that new legal purple good Colorado-marijuana [Stevie Stone] Break it down, curl it up, fire it up, pass it round Got that dope, eighth and a dream and cuddle with a purp when I'm in a town Nobody fucks with regular, on my shit spectacular Hit it for the low shit gotta be real loud, and this wild next to ya Rhino rolling in the most, hydro mixed with indigo Blaze that shit, really can't get no high, but niggas still feel me though Shoakin' dough, blazin' fire, roll 'em up, mile high Lovin' Colorado strawberry kush open wide [Tech N9ne] Put you lighters up in the sky when the nigga do it For the homeboy Pakelika, Restin' in Reffa! Smoking that good Keisha Through a vaporizor with a feature Tech N9ne, I'mma kick it everytime When I ease my mind, I hit my bottle But they legalized it in my second home When I go I'mma hit that good Colora-do [Chorus x2] [Godemis] You already know what it is, tappin' bottles, chippin' lips Rollin' up another thumper, then we on the way to kill another gig Info, Frizz, Stevie, Tech, Ubi and Picasso too Joggin', I'll get it open, talkin' smoke so loud that I can't hear you Look at me walkin' sideways, wavy but I'm not sloppy And I'm burnin' down the bush, with the chief the spirits have got me Better roll up you know I'm cold as fuck, going nuts iffin' I'm up in your place Takin' a hit of the purp I'mma hold it in and blow it in your face! [Info Gates] [Cough] Info Gates [Cough] bitch don't hate I showed up at the studio bars official Cause I'm on trees like carved initials I got that Candy Maldonado but I've been KC, not Colorado So if a cop finds this avocado I got in this medicine bottle I gotta get [Ubiquitous] Be hittin' the indica strain when it get in my brain That it isn't the same, I'm twistin the flame Light up, the Ces is definitely beneficial for the pain That medical Jane never synthetic you know photosynthesis gettin' the blame Blowin' legit if you switchin' the state, uh, blow the piff and I'm driftin' away When I'm out in the Springs with a mountain to king I'm countin the ounces they bring, they offer that kush (Kush) They burnin' the bush, they 'bout it no doubt it's a thing I'm jackin' the cyph, then I'm coming for Colorado for over half of my life I came from about it back in the day, got a habit for packin' the sack in the pipe I blowin' that it in [Chorus x2] [Bernz] Been an outlaw for minute though, smokin' out with no shame Blowin' loud out of my sun roof back in the Sunshine State But then boys offered that cake so it's a cat and mouse type chase So I growin' eyes on my back and droppin' brains over my face I need a high estate, elevate, gotta get back up to that Denver stage Where the fans are Strange and the air is thin But I smoke is thick I just can't explain Sparkin', puffin', passin', ease your pain and all these forms of fashion I think it's only right to celebrate it, just get [Wrekonize] Up-up high, get 'em up-up high Stuck in the sky, we gotta lust let's fly And I just met my angel dangled With a halo and a bud supply Went over limits and you heard the tale About my freaked out tweaked out weed dungeon But I forget about that when I'm in the do See I be all up on them Green Funyuns Took another trip out to the CO Where they be telling me the liberty is legal So that's no piss test for your PO We go to free load and debo Doritos Showing love to Metropolis And the brother with the funk on the side of the curb Green cross in a seson of moss When they all breed crops and they dying to serve [Rittz] Fort Collins to Boulder we smoke the air We just feel wicked we on that Jodi Arias Rollin' and jokin' these folks just stare at us Trippin' for no reason when it's so hilarious You high or something, you stared but you scared to puff You wanna fly with me yeah have fans with lust Just be careful when you hit it, I got admit it I been known for sprinkle these orange hairs with dust Forgot where we was, tried to order a quarter pounder From a Taco Bell drive through high so we drove off On the road lost blinded from the smoke fog Made it to the crib I hit the door and then I dozed off Broke off my homies a couple buds And ever since the day I did it I got a bunch of phone calls Ask me how much do an O' cost In Atlanta got 'em smokin' on that dope dog yup-ya-uh-yeah [Krizz Kaliko] When I'm in another land I smoke that fire-iah-iah I don't really hit to choke but tonight I'm gonna try-iah-iah Take some weed, mixin' with tobacco leafs Actually and breathe and I lose my faculties, naturally (Okay) Worldwide now, following Tech Nina Take another hit if you got that reefer Bring me a little bit of that sativa Baby tokes is my anxiety Don't like when I put up inside of me I go back to the bottle, when I take a hit of that Colora-do The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tech N9ne f/ B.o.B, Wiz Khalifa Album: Something Else Song: See Me Typed by: AZ Lyrics [Intro] This, this, this, this one of them ones Yeah, Tech N9ne! Turn me up a little bit more Ben so I can rock this the right way brother If you got 20/20 vision You can see me now handling this music with precision If not, then it's fine with me Just know this movement is vivid enough for the blind to see, Yates [Verse 1: Tech N9ne] How in the hell can you miss me When I'm counting me mail? making history Trip the splits be that 50/50 So we rip the script swiftly and zip through chips quickly When the trash, mail and pizza man see me They get a fever and cheesy when they see the man Neezy I'm easily beast and my hand is in my belt What? I'm independent and I'm feeling myself A flunk I won't be I bumps the trunks see The ladies pop the monkey and drop the donkey They want to flaunt me My songs be funky Steady getting that cheddar forever But some acting like the don't see [Chorus: B.o.B] I'm top dog, something like a CEO I'm calling shots, call it Don Julio But they don't really see me though But they don't really see me though All night, life like a video Prime time, something like a Super Bowl But they don't really see me though [Verse 2: Wiz Khalifa] With contact lenses say he don't smoke I'm rolling up and let the contact get them He even choked My approach was to never to be broke Kept my real niggas close Now the player turned to coach I hear people saying why so many changes? Why so many watches? Why so many chains? I'm mixing Kush with all these different strains Riding in my Porsche listening to Purple Rain So much knowledge I came up on you as a Hollywood insider The inside of my crib look like a gym Speaking of gym, I'm in a gang, you're just a bench rider You ride the bench that mean you ain't playing You understand, hella fans, Bunching hands, hundred grands that's the plan Wizzle Man! [Verse 3: Tech N9ne] I'm truly blessed I do request for all of you people to listen I do see checks and movie sets And never been a stranger to vixens Pick up my pen and tell my [?] When I got a motive and a minute with a mission You know what I'm a get it when I dip into it I've been through it, I've been a fighter with a vision You can cover your eye, brother but why? Cause your lady just discovered that my Big rubber defies your lover blubber So you utter replies with a tougher disguise Cause my payday just caught the nose of your lady I'm at the beginning of my hay-day Y'all better recognize like Mayday! I don't know why jokers just won't let their eyes notice Deep in my vocals they keep yelling that I'm doper And I choke ya if you lift the Nine's flow so So by jokes you know [?] Couldn't see me with bi-focals The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: T.I. f/ B.o.B, Kendrick Lamar, Kris Stephens Album: Memories Back Then {S} Song: Memories Back Then Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  {*Kris Stephens harmonizes for first 21 seconds*} [T.I.] Ay, in my apartment a long time ago I knew a bad bitch but she was kinda slow Still gave it up when it's a few of us; she let me finger fuck her on the school bus We used to cut school with her and run train, she wanna hang with us, we want one thang Just penetratin that throat dawg - she choke on it like smoke dawg But whenever I fucked up my re-up, in a dice game I go see her She'll give me enough to buy a quarter ounce and then blow a blunt of that reefer She used to buy a nigga new sneakers, pay the bill on my beeper Just so she could page to put a "69" and I know it's time to go freak her Then one day I just asked her, "Why you always give ya ass up? I mean damn these hoes get paid, all you do is get laid, this shit don't add up" She said "Tip, all I wanna do is feel love, even if I know it ain't real love Even if I know a nigga only finna hit it then never call back, I still fuck" And that's fucked up cause she's so trill, I need somethin, she go steal When the trap hot and police ride, nigga guess where we go chill? About fo' years she held dope and my fo'-pound 'til it go down I remember shawty, she stayed down, I won't say her name cause she married now [Chorus: Kris Stephens] When the lights go out and I'm in my bed I think of all the madness in my hea-aaaaaaaaaaaaaad Oh-oh-ohhhh, all of the things that I did back then Ohhhh, when I'm in my bed I think of all the memories I've ha-aaaaaaaaaaaaaad Oh-oh-ohhhh, all of the things that I did back then [B.o.B] Yo, yo uhh She would always turn heads when she fall through, she would always make moves how a boss do And she never gave any nigga time of day, but she the chick all the niggaz tried to talk to But when it came to me she had a thing for me, when we kicked it she rolled up the weed for me And we'd both cut class, post up in the cut steady watchin just to see if the police comin We got close over time her and I, right around the time that I first got signed Come to think about it I was 'bout 17, I ain't even have a license, couldn't even drive I was goin back and forth with these flights, another show after show, each night She became so suspicious of these other bitches she'd go through my phone and we'd fight Talk about torn between the two, wasn't really much more that we could do Wasn't really much space for us but she stayed down with every tour she seen me do But I guess one night I had a few, huh, one night I had a few Yeah, this lil' chick that caught my eye, I told her "Hurry up, meet me at the room" And no, I didn't have a contraceptive, and my common sense neglected And two months later next thing I know I got a text that said "I'm pregnant" And you can almost bet she kept it, and that's the reason why you left me On top of all that, it wasn't even mine, I went and got paternity tested Damn! [Kendrick Lamar] Wait, hold up, is that you? With them big ol' thighs after school? Jay 305 had gave me high five when I said I'm in hot pursuit You said "I won't ride until Kendrick drive a new Monte Carlo that cruise" And that shot my pride, I tried to improv but no freestyle'll ever do You're lookin for the nigga with the tallest 'fetti You're overlookin every nigga that ain't quite ready To make it rain on you like about to break a levee - HOLD UP! That pussy petty Yeah yo' nails did, yo' hair did, yo' cell phone is selfish It only got numbers that come with a Hummer, her new primadonna I smelt it Tried to make you mine hoe, tried to make some time hoe But I ain't got the time or the patience to stop and wait in line hoe Her dreams holds Versace, she fall for Armani Only deal with rich niggaz, fuck you and Mitt Romney I'm grown now, I'm on my own now, I'm po-o-o-oppin Change my phone now, when I get home now I got o-o-o-options Fast forward, wait, is that you? With them big ol' thighs after school? And yo' three kids and three baby daddies and car note that's overdue? I know The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: T.I. f/ B.o.B., Ludacris Album: Paper Trail Song: On Top of the World Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Intro: Ludacris] + (T.I.) Rich by popular demand (The wait is over homie) Yes it is, A-Town connection! (Know the city gon' feel this) Damn right (Say Toot, I know you see me, 'Cris!) Whattup boy? (I know both our pops lookin at us!) Wayne Bridges, whattup? Let's go! (Big Phil, we made this shit happen homie) History in the makin (Hey!) Hey! (Momma I did it!) [Chorus: B.o.B.] I used to dream (I used to dream) ohh-whoa (ohh!) About the money and the cars and girls (and the girls) But now I see (now I see) ohh-whoa! (ohh!) Because I'm sittin on top of the world! (the whole world) And now I see (ay) see (ay) see (ay) see (ay) Cause I'm sittin on top of the world! (ay, ay, ay, ay) And now I see (ay) see (ay) see (ay) see (ay) Cause I'm sittin on top of the world! (ay, ay, yeah, yeah) [T.I.] Ay, man I remember 'fore I stay that way, let me issue this statement No way should reflection be mistaken for glorification Now I remember so vivid, me and my niggaz was livin (how?) Sub-standard condition, still handlin business (that right) Still laughin and trippin, still happen to bitches (okay) I'm rappin not reminiscin, and goddamn it we did it From trappin, standin and pitchin with riches stand in the kitchen Splittin it eight ways, flip it in eight days Thought to wild and unruly but just the way to behave Kept the weigh and the yay' for most the paper we made And all dimes, I ain't lyin, the pleasure was all mine Had big work to move but we served the small time Always outshine the niggaz with small minds Who would thought we'd be arguably the greatest of all time 'Round here, we develop such a sound down here Been duplicated often still can only be found here (BANKHEAD!) Only listen to G's, that other shit I don't hear Shit, they so far in the rear, why would I even care? I'm too fit to bein a player, stare at niggaz careers Been talkin 'bout it for years and now we finally here [Ludacris] Luda, Luda! Hear my heart on this one True story! Rest in peace Wayne Bridges They say what goes up must come down but I ain't reach my cruisin altitude Take a look at what I did, but can you imagine what I'm about to do? The places I'm 'bout to go and the money I'm 'bout to see Gave Bill Gates some binoculars and said, "Look out for ME!" Exceeded expectations, even at Def Jam Cause I married the streets and Atlanta has been my best man My momma quit her job and now she works with six figures Cause I'm a self-made nappy headed RICH NIGGA! (OHH!) Private planes help me travel in peace To fo' cities in one day and fo' countries in one WEEK Cause I, work for myself and no one else cause I'm too smart to Put one of my partners right through culinary art school (WOO!) Now he my personal chef so that bread he get it Put 'em all in houses, cleaned up all of my friends' credit (true!) And now they witnessed all the glitz and the glamour Catch us eatin at Straits Atlanta with women with table manners Orderin Singaporean lobster Celebratin comin from nothin to winnin Grammy's and rappers winnin Oscars Yeah, and they say rappers shouldn't act, nah suckers We see Samuel Jackson like, "WHASSUP MOTHERFUCKER!" [T.I.] Hey, hey, hey, hey I made it momma! Hey, hey I know them haters don't stop plottin and wishin we fall Cause I'm standin on top lookin down at it all (I see you) I know from down there to y'all, it seems like I got it all Homie I ain't get enough, we still tryin to triple up That's why we got StreetCred and Akoo buildin up Say I'm doin too much, shit, I say I ain't did enough Remember sayin, "Damn, if I could just get to a million plus" And now I'm like, "Shit, what the fuck is a million bucks?" Triple that on my bond, thanks to Bigs and Run (appreciate it nigga) But never mind what I been through, just look at what I become All this shit I've avoided, what it done for my sons and daughters and momma; just call her I sold dope and dropped out of school, seems it's all they can see They don't notice none of my family did that since me (nah) I broke that cycle, now my family live a live for Mandatory minimals, but not when the judge sentence us Cousins in college, where you think they get tuition from? (Answer that) Just for standin 'round wishin, huh? Hey while you stand around lookin dumb, I make it happen Takin action over time, got damn good at it The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: T.I. f/ B.o.B Album: We Don't Get Down Like Y'all 12" Song: We Don't Get Down Like Y'all Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Intro: B.o.B] We don't get down like y'all No no no-no no n-n-n-no-no, no no n-no n-no-no No no no-no no n-n-n-no-no We don't get down like y'all Sucka nigga, we don't get down like y'all [T.I.] Hey, it's been a lot of back and forth over this and that So I don't pick the vocal no more, I just give the facts Listen pimpin, let me tell you what the business is Y'all and us, I'ma tell you what the difference is See we old school, you just old news We used to move blow, and you just blow dude See we the talk of the town, me and my whole crew You run around town gossip like the hoes do See you name drop when nobody knows you We get them lames out our section like we 'posed to My crew we cop the Bentley, Brooklyn and the Rolls too You give her roses, I'm the one she bring the rose to So you, say you shinin well I guess I'm shinin more So high up I'm soarin, 30 and I'm like a dinosaur Carnivore, meat eater, G's they respect Me to you like comparin a vet to a cadet, nigga [Chorus: B.o.B] We don't get down like y'all I ball, I do, you talk I'm real, you flawed Pussy nigga, we don't get down like y'all Sucka nigga, we don't get down like y'all [T.I.] Don't call it a comeback, again right, bein from the Fed pen' Pull up on them suckers, pop the trunk and tell 'em get in Heh, thought I lost a step, well guess again Back to ballin, gettin bread, bring the checks in Yeah, like we did on my last case I show you how to make a blessing out a bad break Ay, let me set you niggaz ass straight Hoes want they clothes back, listen up fag bait Them hot pants bad for your prostate Lime green, hot pink or drag queen, hot date At stores askin for the same size the bitches buy They say it's hip but where I'm from we call it sissyfied [T.I.] Ay, before us there were none, after us no more there'll ever be This the greatest show on Earth you'll ever see I still it for my niggaz in the streets, get into it Blowin money like my nigga Big Meech just to do it Say we blowin money fast, big ol' money bag Three, fo' hundred cash just to make them suckers mad Back in the saddle, the winner of every battle Been the best since I was rappin in the rattle, word travel As you, comment on the rumors or what have you Beware dude, prayer can't prepare you, how dare you disrespect my presence? Peasants I will tear you a new one, I poop on your egos and move on Rolls Royce, back seat, no Grey Poupon A true don, three-piece posh lil' suit on Peons, see it ain't no neon in my new Ones Hear the truth on every song I spew on Blaow~! Hah! [Outro: B.o.B] No no no-no no n-n-n-no-no, no no n-no n-no-no No no no-no no n-n-n-no-no We don't get down like y'all Sucka nigga, we don't get down like y'all [T.I.] Pussy nigga! {*laughing echoes*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Trae Tha Truth f/ Big K.R.I.T., B.o.B, Bun B, Gudda Gudda,    Jadakiss, J. Cole, Kendrick Lamar, Mark Morrison, Tyga  Album: I'm On 2.0 single Song: I'm On 2.0 Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com [Intro: Mark Morrison] Return of the Mack  Return of the Mack Return of the Mack  You know that I'll be back (oww!) Return of the Mack (once again)  Return of the Mack (Pump up the world) Return of the Mack (Watch - my - flow)  You know that I'll be back  [Big K.R.I.T.] Today is the day, I get out on my feet Remove them chains, that's shackled on me Press my luck, stop fuckin with them hoes that cluck Cause the same motherfuckers the one that got me stuck Tryna use me up, 'til my tank on E Then leave me stranded, scramblin in these streets For a dollar a day, until my pockets is straight Soon as you move out the hood them niggaz holla ya fake Make 'em swallow the bass, from the kicker I'd rather be a dead man than a +N.I.G.G.E.R.+ I'd rather roll chrome rims than a swisha I gotta make moves, I cain't hang witcha They used to be the fly shit back in '95 But now I want a crib and a car I can drive And ain't nobody out there help me cause I'm grown Gotta leave them childish games alone Nigga I'm on [Trae Tha Truth] Chea! I'm in the hood, still prayin for a piece of plate I know he on his way, I'm hopin he don't make it late I'm up the bat, I just hope I make it to the plate I'm Babe Truth, you can tell 'em I'm one of the greats Used to shoot for the stars now my aim locked I'm Tha Truth nigga something that your name not A thousand watts ain't a thing that I cain't shock And ain't a wrist or a chain that I cain't rock Tell 'em I'm on, somethin like city lights I used to be out they sights, tinted like city nights Now a nigga be city to city on plenty flights You can tell 'em I put on for my city in plenty fights Tell 'em I ain't gon' lose, they heated like I'm a tan man 'Bout to throw em in this drop with no ceilings so I can fan 'em Pull up on the mic (ah-HAAAAAH!), same color as the Phantom  And jump out on haters just to tell 'em I couldn't stand 'em [Jadakiss] Yeah, yeah I'm on top of my game yo  The OG Grand Daddy Kush, cocaine flow I'm about that +Cash+, not that +Tango+ Head shots, dump a whole clip in ya Kangol (yep) Claim to be a real nigga, we know you ain't though (naw) I be in the hood, all the places you cain't go (haha) Visuals, you can see the pictures I paint yo Residuals, I just put it all in the bank yo, it's pitiful Hoes only after your bankroll Stay off the phone, watch out for the plain clothes (Narcs') Yeah I rep my set, I ain't in the gang though (D-Block) And I protect my neck, I carry the thing yo (yep) I'm on the same shit that the boss is on Do it for those in the feds, up north or gone (Wood) I'm on a winning streak, I done got my losses on It's ironic cause even when I'm off I'm on Yeah, I'm on, uh, what! [Chorus: Mark Morrison] I'm on, I'm on (WHOOOOOOOOOOOA-OOO-OO-Oo-ohh) I'm on, I'm on (WHOOOOOOOOOOOA-OOO-OO-Oo-ohh) I'm on, I'm on (WHOOOOOOOOOOOA-OOO-OO-Oo-ohh) I'm on, ooh yeah-hey-ee (WHOOOOOOOOOOOA-OOO-OO-Oo-ohh) I'm on [J. Cole] I'm 'bout to cop the Porsche Eternally grateful for the support, made the cover of The Source Flashback to the Ports, the city of no remorse Where they shootin back and forth like they playin H.O.R.S.E. May the force, be with you, bullet hit you You bleed then I bleed with you Mama please when you grieve damn I grieve with you This a preview I see you in the summer My new shit dumber, I'm on [Kendrick Lamar] Life at the bottom is devastating You're hardly ever debated, the party is obligated by suckers that wanna be you and never live in the matrix And never ever related to struggle and dedication Your hustle is nominated, anonymous then you faded The promises that a victory lap is surely awaited They vomited everytime that a rapper's annihilated Just wish them happy belated - Fuck you~! I made it, I'm on [B.o.B] Tokyo to Amsterdam, Denver to LA (yea) Minutes turn to hours and hours to pay (yea) The days turn to nights but the nights never change It's funny how "time is money" used to be a turn of phrase But now it's company policy, I'm no spokesperson (No doe) No tricks, no gimmicks, no coercion (Hol' up) And they say, "Bob, man it's good to have you back" (what?!) But I say, "I have been here, where the fuck have y'all been at?" [Tyga] HAH! Thinkin how Pac lived at 22 that's '93 I was four, now I'm 22 on tour One-two shots of my life, barely hold on But I'm drawn to this feeling of adrenaline When mic's on, lights on, and they gon' applaud Young nigga, Versace they never seen before And they gon' watch me, wanna copy shit I got on I'm too fly, I ain't got a flaw Tell the law we above the law God bless, amen, every lost soul  and the group so good went solo Globetrottin, now I'm blowin up like an afro Nigga thought you knew what I do Rollin through ya area, Double R coupe Penthouse level, now we only party on the roof Bitch I'm a rebel so I move how I wanna move Last King, YMCMB {*BOOM!*} [Gudda Gudda] Used to run around the hood pickin honeys up Now I'm doin shows 'round the world pickin money up Used to be slept-on like a pillow Went from trappin in a rental to rappin on instrumentals Now it's money on my mental and women get sentimental, huh It's cause the flow is sweet as a pack of Skittles, nah? Yellow, gold, yellow diamonds in the middle now Stand up nigga, I was never known to settle down [Bun B] Well as the world spins around and around on its axis Boys flip from town to town with the package Stuffin bills and pounds of browns in a mattress Sendin clowns underground for practice The fact is everybody wanna be the king with the crown (crown) But never in the battle when the drama goes down (down) Easy to be the boss from behind the wall But we gon' see who really down when it's time to brawl (c'mon) Cause you gotta be careful about the image you portraying (huh) You gotta show love to where you from all day And when the goin gets rough, don't get to goin, get to stayin Put it down for yo' people with no delayin, know I'm sayin? [Outro: Mark Morrison] I'm on... I'm on... ooh yeah-hey-ee I'm on The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Trife Diesel f/ B.o.B, Inspectah Deck Album: The Project Pope Song: Speed of Life Typed by: pneumatic [Chorus: B.o.B] Well, You could be here one day, Gone in a minute Cause life is so short but as long as I'm in it See I'm, I'm just living at the speed of light I'm just living at the speed of light And I will never waste a minute I'm never giving up and I'm breaking every limit Cause I'm, I'm just living at the speed of light I'm just living at the speed of light [Trife Diesel] Ayo I'm living at the speed of light, Gaining momentum A hundred thou on my next, Fifty grand in my denims Exotic women all around me These fake ballers throwing dubs up in the club Making it rain, Couldn't drown me I got mint money, Two years from 50 Cent money First degree murder, Yall niggas just out of tip money I been hungry, I been starve'n, I had ninety-nine problems Solved eighty-nine, Now I got ten problems So I'ma leave it up to yall, I resolved half of the ten The other five I'ma leave up to God Cause I read all the comments that you leave on the blogs You critics can eat a dick cause I'm constantly on my job [Trife Diesel] Now everybody's thinking something's wrong with Diesel Since my Pop's passed I don't get along with people I speak to God in a cathedral, Praying for forgiveness Cause I'm living at the speed of light, Breaking every limit Big business, Whip tinted, I'm blowing on piff spinach I'm all like Doug E. Fresh so just give me my six minutes And wit it, I'ma take it to the maximum Show'n love to all of my fans cause I will never turn my back on them Haters I laugh at em, Throw'n my cash at em Fuck a middle finger I'm show'n my ass at em And they can stick it where the Sun don't shine So God forbid if I don't make it then my son gone shine [Inspectah Deck] Yo-Yo, Ayo, The world is mine I saw the writing on the blimps Since life's a bitch I just gotta treat her like a pimp I aint never been a dreamer, Never been asleep Momma pray'n that her boy aint deep up in these streets See no one gave him nothing, What's mine I had to take it Me against the World, Close friends showing hatred Jealousy is juvenile, It's gonna take more Die for what I live and I aint scared to face war I'm a winner, Working like Noah on his ark Throw the fire, I gotta little colder in the heart Man I told you from the start, This is my World Paint my life story on a fly mural through the five Burroughs The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Wale f/ Big Sean, B.o.B Album: First Class (S) Song: First Class Typed by: AZ Lyrics Fell asleep in first class Hoes callin' my phone but fuck it I get to 'em when I land And I ain't tryna land cause time is money So while you worry bout the hoes, I kill shows and bag more clothes It's Polo: check These Jordan 4?s: check These women know, What I'm on (what I'm on) [Wale - Verse 1] Look, doing life from the 36th floor Tryna renovate the game, I ain't happy with the score Hol' up Insubordinate for good reason As I coordinate the perfect feature Uhh, a working genius, a work of art That's how I see it Cause I can bring you to your dreams like Salvia Holiday season, Obama's good neighbour I ain't talkin to neither but got comma's in my statement My bitches fuck me good In the morning make me bacon And even when I make 'em, mad still make em naked And I don't take no dames out I just spit my game out She don't give her nigga head cause I fuck all her brains out Hey, that's cold blooded Hey, these hoes love it Roll up was $4, Doja was four hundred Dolce Gabbana stuntin' A young nigga love it Why ya'll be gettin' mad We only gettin' money [Big Sean - Verse 2] Okay today I was the freshest in my area Freshest in the neighbourhood Freshest in America Fuckin bitches chasing paper I feel like I'm alterior Boi, I'm historical I cause the hysteria Ok, whats a better accessory? My all gold Rolly or the bitch that's standing next to me Or the one in front of me Or the chick leaving Lightin' reef up like it's the holiday season Woah there, woah there, these niggaz can't fuck with me They too little I'm animal you can't talk to me Unless you are Dr Dolittle Welcome, we-welcome to the GOOD life Heard you had a bad day, well lets make it a good night But they say we ain't BIG Turn us to a Suge Knight Lets swim in alcohol and hop up on that red-eye kush flight And when I'm old, I'll probably die getting some head I'm just multiplying my money and dividing the legs B-I, boi, boi... [B.o.B - Verse 3] From my shell toes to my brim brim I'm an old soul with my pimp limp I roll up and I sip sip Whole team full of OG's packing fo-fo's on the hip hip But we stay cool, we don't miss miss Through the grapevine yeah they diss diss When they feel safe on some bitch shit I'm first class on my trip trip With two chicks, sadistic We touch down in Moscow and take flicks like click click She so hysterical, she say my life ain't regular cause I be doing rich shit, you know, baller shit, etc The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: YC f/ Ace Hood, B.o.B, Big Sean, Bun B, Cory Gunz, Cory Mo,    CyHi Da Prince, Dose, Nelly, Trae Tha Truth, Twista,    Waka Flocka Flame, Wale, Wiz Khalifa, Yo Gotti, Young Jeezy Album: Racks (Remix) single Song: Racks (Remix) Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com {Sonny Digital} [Intro: YC] (YC!) Whatchu got? Racks on racks on racks  (He got) racks on racks on racks  (We got) racks on racks on raaacks (Leh'go!) Ayy! I got, racks on racks on racks (She got) racks on racks on racks (They got) racks on racks on racks [Chorus: YC] Got campaign goin so strong  Gettin brain while I'm talkin on the phone Spend money when ya money gets long Real street nigga, ain't no clone We at the top where we belong Sip lean, ros, Patron Smokin on thousand dollar worth of strong when the club 'bout to hear this soooong (Whatchu got?) We got racks on racks on racks (racks), racks on racks on racks (racks)  Racks on racks on racks (racks), got racks on racks on raaaaacks  Got racks on racks on racks (racks), racks on racks on racks (racks) Racks on racks on racks (racks), nigga ain't even tryna hold baaaack [YC] Still fresh ahead of my Trues Ice shot, okay, coon Strapped up, know I keep that tool That racks on racks a muh'fuckin fool All around the globe, bein on TV E'rywhere you look, you see YC Hatin ass niggaz just wishin they were me -- YC, YC, YC Way too big for my muh'fuckin jeans I'm so fly I don't even got wings Eyes real low, just blame it on the green Girl caught up, got lean on leaaaaaan That shoebox shit, over with She put it on the rack, wont notice it My bank count, commas all over it Racks on racks on raaa-aa-acks [Young Jeezy] Young, if it's convertible, then how is it a hardtop? Bitch I hit one button, my roof open like a hard spot (Daaaaaamn!) Make me throw my diamonds up, bitch my life was hard knock Had so much kush and Ciroc, bitch I think my heart stop (Yeaaaaaaaah!) E'ry night's a weekend, e'ry days a Friday night You ain't seen nothin yet, bitch this just my Friday ice 87 brick fare, yeah, I'm talkin thirty racks All I sold is hund'uns, where the fuck my twenties at? [Wiz Khalifa] Uh... Racks on, racks off, see that blonde stripper, my hat's off Lookin at my Rollie, 'bout thirty grand what that cost Smoke like I'm in Cali, fuck takin flight, I blast off Niggaz talkin tattoos, we should have a tat-off Got racks on racks on racks... naps on naps on naps Just made a mil, count another mil, so put that on top of that Way back in 2004, I told 'em it was a wrap Now my life ain't my life no mo', I told you, nigga it's a wrap OOOH~! you claim you a dog, my nig, I'm the vet We cain't even talk 'less you cut the check  I guess that's why all of these niggaz get bad  They said, "Fuck a young nigga! Fuck a young nigga!" I know it's some girls in the crowd right now who wanna fuck a young nigga - yeah! I roll one and roll another one bigger Niggaz thinkin they sick, well, I'm sicker I'ma smoke, my weed and Ima drink, my liquor Better make, sure you fuck ya girl right 'fore I dick her, down (Flocka!) [Waka Flocka Flame] I got racks on top of racks (Uh!)  Stacks on top of stacks (Uh!) Bands on top of bands (Uh!)  Got me fuckin her (Uh!) and her friends (Flocka!) Bad boys dont do papers (Flex!) Double shot for (Flex!) my haters (Clap!) Clap two times if you druuuuuuuuunk (CLAP CLAP CLAP CLAP CLAP CLAP CLAP CLAP, FLOCKA!) Got a bad bitch from the U.K. (Okay!) She do everything I say (Okay!) Go crazy when she hear music (Grove Streeeeeeeet!) She got "Grove St." on replay (Flocka!) Got racks you don't understand (Uh-huh) Money long from here to Japan (Uh-huh) Do it good when she go +No Hands+ Girl, you got me in a traaaaaance [CyHi Da Prince] Got racks on racks on racks (racks)  Y'all rap so wack on wax (wax) +Purple+ by the pound, that's that Flacco -- haaaaaah! I make big plays, I got big chips, blew/blue money like six Crips Switch gears like stick shifts, fresh as hell, I'm Big Gipp We buy cars. yall flip whips, catch us smokin that quick trip Pitch piff, that's a handspring, I like to call that a quick flip Pull triggers like hamstrings, boy I'm doin my damn thing Been blood with them bricks pimp, get +off+ a +key+ like I can't sing Got the seven on me like big jersey, ridin round in this bitch dirty I'm the best, hands down, they nicknamed me 6:30 I'm wit Young Dose and YC, Redan Road, that's my street Ask around on the Eastside, I'm the S-H-I-T [Bun B] Yeah... Bun B, I'm Underground King (King)  in the candy-painted car on swang (swang) With the top on drop and the trunk on pop  Boy you cain't tell me a damn thang (thang) Fifth wheel on the back just hang (hang)  Hit corners, hit licks, hit stains (stains) With the grill in the front, +Wood Wheel+ in the plush  Showin neon lights on my paint (paint) Yeah, I rep that P-A-T (A-T)  One hundred, yeah that's me (that's me)  If you don't recognize you gon' see (gon' see)  I'm a straight up +Trill O.G.+ (O.G.) in a black-on-black-on-black (black)  Cadillac like a mack on clacks (clacks) Try to jack and I will attack  It's a fact that I aint givin up my stacks like that! [B.o.B] Call me Bobby Ray, but it's not two names Flyin through the city, all-black, Bruce Wayne (Whoo!) No, not +Bombs Over Baghdad+ But on the track, you can call me Hussein (Hoo-hah-hah!) That's why they nervous {*gasp*}, like I'm flyin on the plane with a turban (woo!) But I'm fly, y'all just turbulence -- exit row, emergency (Mayday!) As a kid, I was struck by lightning (Pow!), it's no wonder I'm electrifyin Ha! Fuck a brainstorm, I'll fuck around and cause a power outage (BANG!) And it ain't no rivals, if it was, it'd be no survivors (No!) But just gimme a hour, I'll light it up like an Eiffel Tower [Yo Gotti] (I'm Yo Goooooti!) Got bills on top of bills (bills), scales on top of scales (scales) I'm Mr. All White (White), got yell' on top of yell' Got pills all on my phone, these niggas know Im wrong Said 50 for a song, and they wont leave me lone Gotta front me a brick, that aint nothin to you Just ran through a ticket, there aint nothin to do Yeah, I love these streets like I love the booth Mr. Cocaine Music, Im 100 proof Got white on white on white, ice on ice on ice And when Im in the club it look like lights on lights on lights [Wale] Yeah, racks on racks on racks  I'm tryna smash and not call back My name Wale, you so silly  Wet my willie, might call you a cab, yeah Ridin around wit that reefer scent  Ridin around with Miss Reece and them When I'm in the groove, I can freak a tune  I'm smoother than, alopecia skin -- HAHA!! I shows out, like dope when I put that flow down Like soap when I put my clothes on  I'm jokin, but I be foamed out And all she want is more bags, but all I want is more ones I told her bring that money back, like all them racks is Nordstroms - Whoooooa~! [Cory Gunz] The tracks on snack off raps (raps) See stacks from back of my slacks (slacks) From the X or the Macs in the Ac' (br-r-r-rat)  If I ain't strapped, then the gats on scat (on scat) Then he black on 'em like Tae-Bo (Tae-Bo)  then he clap on 'em like bravo (bravo) Throw sacks on 'em like y'all hoes (y'all hoes) Got racks on 'em like tight hoooooes Young Money, Cash Money so strong (strong) Keep scorin, I'ma bring it on home (home) Those Xans and the lean cause zones (zones)  Somethin tan with a mean jawboooone Worldwide, but I got fourth ways (fourth ways)  One hat carry like four blades (four blades) Petey Popoff R.I.P., free Lou  Been lootin money since like fourth grade I'm the shit nowadays, so they wave (wave)  No whips, no chains, I'm a slave (slave) Let you niggaz know Milita my gang (gang)  MC aim if you was thinkin it's a game (game) See me with the twin, buck a shimmy with the gauge (gauge) Word to Bus' and Jimmy, I'd be busy gettin paid Goin for the grips every day 'til the grave I be worried about the chips, you be worried about the +Lay's+ - BEYITCH! [Dose] Got Activist in my Sprite (lean) Benjamins in my Robins (boi!) Frank Muller wit flooded ice, but I still got my brightness In the fast lane, gettin slow brain in a 2012 Maserati I'm kickin, pimpin, like Liu Kang, my coupe smokin like Friday Puffin on that garlic (gas) Sick off all the Marley (boi!) Inked up on my hands and arms, got Def Jam in my pocket Shout out to Sha Money, signed me in a hurry Daddy was a kingpin, a couple milli buried Nigga, you ain't talkin nuttin (nuttin)  All in Flight Corps stuntin (stuntin) These exclusive 7s', pay four hundered for the Jordans (Jordans) No, you cain't afford 'em (fly daddy)  Sharper than a swordsman Racks on racks, our campaign strong, and YC like my brother - dueces! [Cory Mo] Catch me in the city with the trunk on crack Top dropped down, black on black Fistful of wood, twisted for the good Check my bank account, got racks on racks Look around fool, got a wall full of plaques Platinum and gold, you gots ta love that Posted up just like a thumbtack Better hide ya hoe, 'cause she bound to get snatched H-Town, Texas to ATL She got a fat ass, she prol'ly know me well Keep it on the low, never kiss and tell True player, Cory Mo cold as hell Shows to do, got records to sell Got a whole lotta BMI checks in the mail If ballin was a crime, I'd be in jail Locked up for double life like "What the hell?!" [Nelly] Yeah, they call me Country Grammar, my brother out the slammer I'm crimson color painted, you can call that Alabama I'm not from Alabama, but check out how I roll +Tide+ He might have the same whip, but check out how I roll mine Y'all niggaz ain't no stars (stars), y'all only in it for the cars (cars) The sky is yo' limit mayne, and mine somewhere 'bout Mars I ride wit them boys in the middle of the map St. Louis, Detroit, Chi-Town, Nap Down to the Dirty, back up through the trap But the money don't stack man, money overlap Yeah, y'all better watch it mayne, right here we lock and load Two things is for certain mayne, and one thing is fa sho' Got a house on hundred acres, I've never seen my neighbors A chick in ATL and from Buckhead to Decatur (Let's go!) Now y'all better leave me alone, got license for my chrome Police on yo' mama phone talkin 'bout, "Yo' baby gooooone!" Tell the truth, I ain't gon' lie (lie), I got so many rides (rides) Don't know which one I'ma drive -- fuck it, I'm just gon' flyyyyyyy! [Twista] Everybody wanna hate because I'm on ('cause I'm on) Blowin head back, bottles by the zone (by the zone) Twista finna get up on the track and spit it the way I do  simp-ily because I like this song (song) When I step up out the Maserati car Gotta pull it, pull it, pull it, pull it from the jar (jar) Then I blow, I'ma close out the par' Wit some killers and everybody know who we are Get Money Gang steppin through the do' ('cago), Chicago, 'cago, 'cago ('cago) Anybody wanna get into it, c'mon and do it  Fuck security, we gon' make 'em feel the flo' (feel the flo') Might as well get it off yo' chest While everybody got ammunition on deck (on deck) I don't see them, see them. as a, as a threat 'Cause I got racks on racks on racks (on racks) Oh~! Twista, I see your future, finna shoot ya I salute you if you could get at the general in my military Racks and racks and tracks and stacks and gats I-I-I could destroy an entire village when I kill and bury 'Cause I manipulate your molecular structure Other words, fill 'em up wit holes (wit holes) If you try to give it to me at the do' (at the do')  I just thought I had to let you knoooow (I bet yo' bitch call me Big) [Big Sean] Now I got single bitches tryin (tryin), married bitches lyin (lyin) I take 'em to the crib and leave our future in a condom I wake up fresher than these motherfuckers as is Look inside my closet (Look!), that shit look like it's Raks Fifth (Raks Fifth) Man, that's racks on racks on racks on top of packs on top of pounds My chains is Pow! on Pow! on Pow!, I'm off them trees, no I ain't no owl I'm at the altar sayin my vows, to this Benjamin Franklin pile You buy her a house, I won't buy her a vowel You fell in love and I fell in her mouth They called her Dickface, she call the connect (call the connect) You call her collect, I call to collect, no need for a pet If I throw this paper, yo bitch gon' fetch!  (...Do it) ...B-I-G And Detroit gon' be aight as long as we got me - I do it [Trae Tha Truth] I'm in the hood if you wondered where I'm at (where I'm at) In the back of a Chevy that's all black (all black) Racks on racks, I dont know how to act (act) Track and field with the birds, I'm runnin 'em like track (track) Free throws of money, bet you cain't block (block) King of the club, I bet you cain't top (top) Bitch niggaz hate the fact I get gwap (gwap) or the fact when the money go up, it wont stop (Come up!) I'm in the club, tryna show 'em how to stunt (stunt) Tryna pick up what I throw, it prol'ly take 'em 'bout a month (month) The club underwater, have 'em runnin out the front While I'm somewhere in the back, gettin blowed like a blunt (blunt) No need to trip, you can tell 'em that I'm cool as hell (cool as hell) 'Cause if it's the case, I'm known to the pack the tool as well (tool as well) {?} broke motherfucker, nothing new to tell (new to tell) Got both underneath the old school as well (school as well) I got lights on my wrist that'll flash like cop (cop) Couple of foreign cars that I ride no top (top) Couple of whi-whips that I ride like yachts (yachts) A couple of haters lookin, I'm knowin them niggaz hot (hot) You can tell 'em that I don't give a damn Hard As a Motherfucker, tell 'em I was H.A.M. Call it what you want, I'ma do it for the fam Yeah, that's the type of nigga that I am [Ace Hood] Okay, I'm back off into this bitch (bitch!) Wit a cup, and it's full of that liq' (Hot!) Got racks, ain't talkin tits (Feel dat!) Big stacks, no Lego bricks (Whoo!) Hit a trick and if any nigga got it I keep that hottie, just look at her body Blew twenty bands in that King of Diamonds Sorry, that's just part of my hobby (Swoop!) And I hear 'em feelin my Florida swagger So dope, shoulda sold y'all copies That ice be onto my neck and wrist Now anybody wanna play some hockey?! (HAAH!) I'm that nigga in fact (in fact)  Paper tall as Shaq (Oh boy!) "Blood Sweat and Tears", it'll be on your local Walmart rack - soon! 