The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Big Daddy Kane Album: Long Live the Kane Song: Long Live the Kane Typed By: furness@ousd.k12.ca.us Party people in the place Embrace the bass as I commence to pick up the pace And make you motivate, and accelerate Cause like Tony the Tiger, I’m greeeat! Always seem to come off, hard for you somehow I mean me being wack, oh come come now That’s quite ridiculous, so just admit you was Thrilled, it’s on your face, and it’s conspicuous Not that you’re on this, but my performance Is rather exquisite, so hard is it Or supremacy, that’s the perfect definition But rappers keep wishing to be in my position Know good and damn well they ain’t no competition Huh, I gotta give it to you kid, that’s ambition For you to perpetrate the role of me, the Big Daddy The Big Father, naah, don’t even bother Cause that would mean you would have to teach Each and every one idiotic son Trying to make it, you can’t fake it The rhymes I recite are fully dressed and yours are butt naked Your speech is weak, while my mine stands strong So, all hail the man that’s here to live long You know you heard this voice before somewhere And when I said that I’m the Kane, you said “oh yeah!” That brother that used to rhyme on stage with Biz Oh he’s def,” you know what time it is But this time I’m not assisted on the microphone More like Patti Labelle, on my own Just single-handed, the mic I commanded Phony MC’s don’t understand it, and it Is the real thing like the taste of Coke So never sleep on me, better stay awoke Like a gambler in Vegas, I go for broke To make a long story short, yo I ain’t no joke I take time and care in whatever I’m doing And when I rock a party, I make sure that you en- Joy what you’re hearing as I entertain So hip hip hoolay, long live the Kane I got the freedom of speech to use it anyway that I choose it So all hail to the music On exhibit, get with it, now here’s my ring The original supreme being Black man Point blank, the cream to rise supreme As those go below like a submarine Reaching and teaching a lesson that I’m giving Addressing and impressing the crowd, so how we living? Fine in mind, to decline is out of line So pardon this brother as I give you mine To say I’m not, don’t even diss yourself Cause at times, I have to jump back and kiss myself Long live the K, the A, the N, the E I say the end will be A big movement, by the time I’m through And that’s coming from a Black man’s point of view Now pardon me for just changing the issue But all you sucker MC’s, it’s a must that I diss you The way y’all be fronting has made me disgusted Now I’mma set you straight, so so yo yo, bust it Rappers try and hang and just swear that they can party But the style that I’m using is just like karate So if we ever battle you’re bound to be through Because I got a black belt in Rap Can Do No I’m not Chinese, it’s just rhymes like these That destroy an MC with black belt degrees You’re rocking a party, trying so hard to get loose Kid sound awiiite, but I can’t taste the juice Therefore, the job is left to me So I get the party kicking just like Bruce Lee But I won’t stop there, I still rock a little harder While the toy MC’s step and say, Sayonara! Long Live the Kane! (x2) Break it down! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Big Daddy Kane Album: Long Live the Kane Song: Raw Typed by: furness@ousd.k12.ca.us Intro: I start to go, my rhymes'll flow So, get up and dance cause Kane said so If you were lounging around it's time to get up Pardon my expression, but I'mma tear shit up I appear right here, and scare and dare, a mere musketeer That would dare to compare, I do declare Getting busy is where it's at But what you're saying, you wouldn't get a point for that Cause you're a featherweight, and your rhymes you carry light But I drop bass just like Barry White So how could you think that you pose a threat? You say you're rocking, how many shows you get? All your vocals go local on the M-I-C Mines go a great distance, like AT&T I'm now new to this, I'm true to this, nothing you can do to this Fuck around with Kane and come out black and blue for this So, yo, go for what you know Attempt to debate so I can humiliate We can go rhyme for rhyme, word for word, verse for verse Get you a nurse, too late, get you a hearse To take you to your burial ground Because the Big Daddy Kane always throws down Correct, I get respect, I'm out to collect Cash money, cause I get raw Everybody get up! (x4) Kane: boy do I hate a... I'm coming! (x5) Here I am, R-A-W A terrorist, here to bring trouble to Phony MC's, I move on and seize I just conquer and stomp another rapper with ease Cause I'm at my apex and others are below Nothing but a milliliter, I'm a kilo Second to none, making MC's run So don't try to step to me, cause I ain't the one I relieve rappers just like Tylenol And they know it, so I don't see why you all Try to front, perpetrating a stunt When you know that I'll smoke you up like a blunt I'm genuine like Gucci, raw like sushi To stage a rage is what rap did to me To make me want to create chaos and mayhem Cold rock a party until the A.M. I'll make a muscle, grab the mic and hustle While you stand dazed and amazed, I bust a Little rhyme with authority, superiority And captivate the whole crowd's majority The rhymes I use definitely amuse Better than Dynasty, or Hill Street Blues I'm sure to score adored for more without a flaw Cause I get raw Everybody get up! (x5) With speech like a reverend, rappers start severing And in my lifetime, believe I've never been Beaten, or eaten and just tooken out You know, come to think about it, I keep MC's looking out And real nervous when I'm at your service Give me that title, boy, you don't deserve this I work like a slave to become a master And when I say a rhyme, you that it has to Be perfectly fitted, cause I'm committed The entertainer and trainer and Kane'll get with it I go and flow and grow to let you know I damage ya I'm not an amateur but a pro- -fessional unquestionable without doubt superb So full of action, my name should be a verb My voice will float on every note  When I clear my throat, that's all she wrote! The minute that the Kane starts to go on Believe it's gonna be smooth sailing so on As I put other rappers out of their misery Get them in a battle and make them all history Ruling and schooling MC's that I'm dueling Watch them all take a fall as I sit back cooling On my throne, with a bronze microphone Hmm, God bless the child that can't hold his own Cause I get raw Ain't it good to you? (x3) Documentary: here's an experiment to begin with... Twenty-four sev chilling, killing like a villain The meaning of raw is Ready And Willing To do whatever is clever, take a loss, never And the rhymes I bust, coming off is a must And I come off hard with rhymes that are odd I rip the microphone and leave it scarred Never smoking or hitting or taking a sniff Only crushing MC's that be trying to riff I get strong and titanic, do work like a mechanic Make MC's panic, they all get frantic And skeptic, like a girl on a contraceptive As I rock but hey, what you expected? I'll get raw for you just like a warrior Rapping like a samurai and I'll be damned if I Ever let a Fisher-Price MC hang Their rhymes are toy, nothing but yin-yang So if we battle on the microphone Bring your own casket and tombstone And I'ma preach your funeral Tell me who in the world could ever come with more I get raw The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Big Daddy Kane Album: Long Live the Kane Song: Set it Off Typed by: OHHLA.com [Verse One] Let it roll, get bold, I just can't hold Back, or fold cos I'm a man with soul In control and effect, so what the heck Rock the discotheques and this groove is what's next Attack, react, exact, the mack'll move you with A strong song, as long as you groove to this I keep the crowd loud when you're hype Do damage onstage and injure the mic As I shoot the gift MC's stand stiff While my rhymes stick to you like Skippy and Jif Feel my blood fist, or my death kiss The rap soloist, you don't want none of this Supreme in this era, I reign with terror When I grab the mic believe you're gonna hear a Fascinatin' rhyme as I enchant them So let's all sing the Big Daddy anthem Go with the flow, my rhymes grow like an afro I entertain again and Kane'll never have no Problem, I can sneeze, sniffle and cough E-e-e-even if I stutter Imma still come off Cos rappers can't understand the mics I rip They sure enough ain't equipped, that's why they got flipped But my apparatus is up to status Don't ask who's the baddest, of course that is The maker, breaker, taker, my rhymes ache the head Put it to bed, so watch what is said Save the bass for the pipe and rearrange your tone Or take a loss and be forced in the danger zone Cos I get ill and kill at will Teachin a skill that's real, you're no frill So just stand still and chill as I build Science I drill until my rhymes fill Your head up...don't even get up The teacher is teachin', so just shut up [Verse Two] Rappers, take a step back, or you will soon regret that You ever had to confront me and you can bet that I come correct, perfect, in full effect Disconnect, dissect, eject as I wreck shop Stand in command with the clan Caravan or van, we go man for man and Without further ado or any delay Mister Cee as we say, call him the DJ Mad Money Murf with the triple M Smooth the barber keepin' my flat-top trim Scoob Lover my brother, Scrap Lover my other Dancin' with the crew so allow the boys to smother The floor, and endure just for your pleasure As the microphone lord proceeds to get raw Acrobatic, Asiatic, rap fanatic I get dramatic and rhymes start flowin' automatically From me, so don't play me, obey me When asked "Who's the best?", you better say me I'm sendin' sucker MC's headin' north And if you still want some...set if off For you to cope is just a wish and a hope And if you are what you eat they're feedin' me dope Cos I'm just about as dope as dope can get Ultimate, legit, Kane is a perfect fit The king of my kingdom, completin' a cipher The lyrics I bring them keeps the crowd hyper As I release the masterpiece The groove will never cease until Kane says "Peace" So, maestro, yo, hit it Big Daddy Kane's about to come with it, cause... [I can't hold it back...] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Big Daddy Kane Album: Long Live the Kane Song: The Day You're Mine Typed by: furness@ousd.k12.ca Talk about ever meeting Ms. Right But one thing I know is this girl is hype Not a crab I see but such a lovely female And if looks could kill, she would be in jail For raving all over with exotic beauty And to captivate her love is my only duty There's not a single feature that this girl lacks Sweetheart, you're my aphrodisiac You've got me waiting for you day by day Fantasies of you has got me drifting away And I know, a love like yours would be so hard to find So I'll just keep on waiting for the day you're mine Now I've talked to young girls and sophisticated ladies But I swear my dear, none appear on your level baby Maybe, it's just me imagining Then again, I probably just haven't been With the right female and in detail I'll probably never will be, girl if we fail Cause every time I appear to be pleased You know what happens? I just get skeezed The girl that I admire, one that I desire And no one can stop the feelings that you inspire The way that you leave me in this obsession With the chambers of my heart in your possession We were meant to be together, always and forever For that engagement, I shall endeavor Pray for the day that we combine And I can say for sure that you're truly mine In benevolence and reverence As soon as our relationship commence But for now, I wait impatiently For the day that you can give your all to me The moment of truth is what I really should call it I worked so hard for it so please don't spoil it Yeah it's a lot that I'm asking you to give me That's only because I need you with me Side by side, hand in hand You as my girl and Kane as your man Bust it, ever since the first time that I seen her I wanted her to step inside my arena I'd be the champion of love, wear the golden glove And show you what a real man is made of My feelings I'm sharing because I'm caring My heart'll tell you why I am so endearing For a chance at romance I would love to enhance I would be your man under any circumstance Just as long as I can say that you're my own Your feelings for me and mine alone We can cherish every moment of the time we spent Try to take our love to the full extent The point that I'm trying so hard to get through Is girl, I'm in love with you A dramatic fanatic for our relation Cupid has me stupid with infatuation And a fashion of passion so tenderly With vibes I can't describe you send to me This personal attachment in which I feel To you my dear, I will try to reveal All over and over, I'll try and try Because to see you with the next man makes me cry I feel that I should be the only man to side you Cause no one can love you the way that I do No one deserve the love you can give So allow me to show you how I'm out to live With something very special, palliative and pure And anything that you want, I can give you more I'll be calm and gentle, loving and sentimental Oh so much emotion, I'm talking devotion Cause when I get involved, I get involved so deep That you would know that my love is something special to keep But for now, I guess I'll be fine And keep waiting for the day that you'll be mine The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Big Daddy Kane f/ Scoob Lover Album: Long Live the Kane Song: On the Bugged Tip Typed by: OHHLA.com Yo, on the M-I-C right about now, I go by the name of Big Daddy Kane. I got my man Scoob Lover on the side of me, DJ Mister Cee on the wheels of steel, Dre on the film and Marley on the boards. We gonna do a little something like this: [Big Daddy:] Some like it hard and some like it soft, yo, bust the groove as I set it off. 	[Scoob:] 	But wait a minute... ...yo Scoob, what's up? 	Pardon me a moment as I interrupt. For what? 	For this: 		[both singing] 		You like the stylish clothes we wear, 		and you like our flat-top style of hair. 		It's just those bugged out things we do 		that make the girles wanna stare. 	Like when we're chillin' with the crew. Or drinkin' that Old English brew. (both) Straight from the bottle not the cup,   And it gets us more than just fucked uuuuup... And I like it yall.. 	..like it yall... like it yall... 	...like it yall. Scoob Lover, won't you hype it yall? 	Well, I'm the S-C double-O B-L-O-V-E-R- uh. 	Ladies come to me, I'll be your midnight horror. 	Need a flat top? Come to Scoob, I'm the barber. Of Da Ville. 	And that's right. 	Try to step to us, watch what you get, 	Cuz me and Big Daddy's not havin' it. Well, it's the Big Daddy, so all hail. Save your wack rhymes, hold your female. Pass the Old Gold, trash the ale, cash your food stamps, get the WIC out the mail. Love to eat shrimps, but I never eat snail. Eat a whole fish except for the tail. Keep food in the fridge so it don't get stale, and when there's nothing to eat, I bite my nails. So Scoob Lover, you know your rhymes are kickin', get on the mic, cuz you know you eat chicken. 	Now-now-now, I'm-a place a order for a Scooby snack, 	Not at the Chinese restaurant becuse I don't eat cats. 	Now who in the world can ever eat these? 	When I'm at home, I chow down with ease, 	and say "More beef sausage, mom, please?" 	That's right, Mommy Dukes, she feeds me swell. 	Coffee on the table, orange juice as well. 	Some of the things I say are outspoken, 	guaranteed to have you chokin'. 	Bitin' MCs are the one I'm yokin'. 	Kane, I'm outta here, I guess I'll use my token. 	I'll walk through the gate if the turnstile's broken. 	Big Daddy, if you're down with me, 	get on the mic on the count of three; 	One, two, three... Now I'm a black brother that's out to succeed, so step aside as I take the lead. Sexy young ladies of a light-skinned breed. *You got-you got-you got what I need!* 	Outstanding, kind, cool and loyal. 	Drove all the way to Maco just to change my oil. 	Cuz I'm the only child, you might think I'm spoiled. 	Touch the young ladies make their blood pressure boil. 	I got the ...hmm...hiccups, excuse me, sorry. 	Score a 100 Gs every time I play Atari. 	Put a hole in the Old Gold, blast the Bacardi. 	On the dance floor, hype moves I be freakin'. 	Makin' new steps up every single weekend. 	Not Abbot and Costello or Laurel and Hardy, 	I'm only here to PAR-TY! Yo, check it out, check it out. Turn the music down, turn the music down.  turn the music down...here we go (here we go)... We gonna end it like this in the place yall. It's like this yall, and you don't stop. Now, the name Kane is superior to many people; it means King Asiatic Nobody's Equal. I hate to brag, but damn I'm good! And if mics were a gun, I'd be Clint Eastwood. And if rap was a game, I'd be MVP: Most Valuable Poet on the M-I-C. And if rap was a school, I'd be the principal. Aw fuck it, the Kane is invincible. To be specific, I may die one day  but my rhymes will remain like a heiroglyphic. It's a certain special skill, that takes much practice. I got it good; apparently you lack this. So in turn, sit back and learn, listen close, this is for your own concern. Let me show ya, exactly how it's properly done: Lights, Camera, Action! [laughter] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Big Daddy Kane Album: Long Live the Kane Song: Ain't No Half-Steppin' Typed by: furness@ousd.k12.ca.us Rappers stepping to me they want to get some But I’m the Kane, so yo, you know the outcome Another victory They can’t get with me So pick a BC date cause you’re history I’m the authentic poet to get lyrical For you to beat me, it’s gonna take a miracle And, stepping to me, yo that’s the wrong move So what you on, Hobbs, dope or dog food? Competition I just devour Like a pitbull against a Chihuahua Cause when it comes to being dope, hot damn I got it good, now let me tell you who I am The B-I-G D-A-double D-Y K-A-N-E Dramatic, Asiatic, not like many I’m different, so don’t compare me to another Cause they can’t hang, word to the mother At least not with the principal in this pedigree So when I roll on you rappers, you better be Ready to die because you’re petty You’re just a butter knife, I’m a machete That’s made by Ginzu, wait until when you Try to front, so I can chop into Your body, just because you try to be basing Friday the 13th, I’mma play Jason No type of joke, gag, game, puzzle or riddle The name is Big Daddy, yes Big not little So define it Here’s your walking papers, sign it And take a walk As the Kane start to talk, cause... Ain’t no half-steppin’  I’m the Big Daddy Kane (3 times) My rhymes are so dope and The rappers be hoping To sound like me, so soon I’ll have to open A school of MCing, for those who want to be in My field in court Then again on second thought To have MC’s coming out sounding so similar It’s quite confusing for you to remember The originator, and boy do I hate a Perpetrator, but I’m much greater The best oh yes I guess suggest the rest should fess Don’t mess or test your highness Unless you just address with best finesse And bless the paragraph I manifest Rap prime minister, some say sinister Non-stopping the groove, until when it’s the Climax, and I max, relax and chill Have a break from a take of me acting ill Brain cells are lit, ideas start to hit Next the formation of words that fit At the table I sit, making it legit And when my pen hits the paper, ahh shit! I stop and stand strong over MC’s And devour with the power of Hercules Or Samson, but I go further the length Cause you could scalp my cameo and I’ll still have strength And no, that’s not a myth, and if you try to riff Or get with, the man with the given gift of gab Your vocab, I’ll only ignore Be sleeping on your rhymes till I start to snore You can’t awake me, or even make me Fear you, son, cause you can’t do me none So, think about it if you’re trying to go When you want to step to me, I think you should know that... Ain’t no half-steppin’  I’m the Big Daddy Kane (3 times) I appear right here and scare and dare A mere musketeer that would dare to compare Put him in the rear, back there where he can’t see clear Get a beer, idea or near stare, yeah So on to be want to be competition Trying to step to me--must be on a mission Up on the stage is where I’mma get you at You think I’m losing? Psst, picture that... Ain’t no half-steppin’ (3 times) Mister Cee, step to me... The name is Big Daddy, you know, as in your father So when you hear a def rhyme, believe that I’m the author I grab the mic and make MC’s evaporate The party people say, damn...that rapper’s great The creator conductor of poetry Et cetera, et cetera, it ain’t easy being me I speak clearly so you can understand Put words together like letter, man Now that’s dictation, proceeding to my innovation Not like the other MC’s, who are an imitation Or an animation, a cartoon to me But when I’m finished, I’m sure that you are soon to see Reality, my secret technique Because I always speak with mentality I put my title in your face, dare you to base And if you try and come get it, yo I’mma show you who’s with it So if you know like I know, instead of messing around Play like Roy Rogers and slooow doown Just give yourself a break, or someone else will take Your title, namely me, cause I’m homicidal That means murder, cause I’m about to hurt a- Nother MC, that try to get with me I’ll just break him and bake him and rake him  and take him and mold him and make him Hold up the peace sign... Assalam Walaikum! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Big Daddy Kane Album: Long Live the Kane Song: I'll Take You There Typed by: furness@ousd.k12.ca.us Hear ye, hear ye, from far and near The one they call the Big Daddy Kane is here To deliver a message to everyone everywhere So listen up party people cause this you should hear It's a story of a far-away atmosphere That you will find very rare and far beyond compare All is sincere and rather debonair So let's all gather around, because...  (x4) Off to a place you thought was unreal Where people of the world do know how to chill Everything remains cool and calm where you are And if you ask about crime, they all'll say,  They wouldn't even know what you mean Cause it's a different program, y'all know the routine Where people work hard for a decent buck And you can wear truck jewelry without being stuck Never wondering whether your house is all right So go leave your VCR on the porch overnight And as for the people they all stand proud Senior citizens party with the hip-hop crowd You can hang at a jam till the break of dawn And leave without your Bally shoes getting stepped on Everyone walks around in their right mind and all Because crack ain't nothing but a hole in the wall So those who wish to live with glare and flair There's a place that this can be done, and yo...  (x4) What I discovered may just only seem As something that you find in your wildest dream But! on the real tip, you will see I'm not playing, what I'm saying is reality There is a place people live with joy That the next man cannot come along and destroy No one faces problems, no one says sorry And war ain't nothing but a game on Atari This message also applies to other nations Like Africa for instance, where there's starvation But if you come with me, you're sure to see Ethiopians can eat in Red Lobster for free And people that you saw before that were poor Will never ever see the situation no more Cause in this world everyone's a millionaire Are you sick?  And what the hell is welfare? Fashions are smashing for all to flaunt And we can get anything that we want So don't think you can't afford expensive design Because fresh Gucci wear is only $5.99 So come ye all and attend this affair As we journey to the promised land, and...  (x3) Since I'm the type of guy that laughs and jokes This may sound funny, but seriously folks It's a shame that people today must live In a world that's operating oh so negative But I found a place designed especially for you Where peace and harmony is everyone's culture So let's all gather around before this world corrupts And we don't even need Scotty to beam us up Because...  (x4)  (x9)  (x4) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Big Daddy Kane f/ BizMarkie Album: Long Live the Kane Song: Just Rhymin' with Biz Typed By: furness@ousd.k12.ca.us Biz: One, two, whatcha gonna do? I say yes, yes y’all To the beat, all Party-having people guaranteed to be like having a ball H-h-h-hey We gonna do a little something like this I say... I’m the rap promoter I start to motor Tour from New York to South Dakota Drink ginger ale or root beer soda Never get the girls with the underarm order Put me on water, I’m a good floater When I run for prez, you best be a voter Once knew a girl by the name of Rhoda I watch Star Wars just to see Yoda Or R2-D2 driving down the BQ When I buy franks, I make sure they’re Hebrew When I entertain, and love to treat you Love to see a girl in a nice tight see-through Take her to the crib, turn on the Beta Watch a good flick by Arnold Schwartzenegger Maybe Commando or the Terminator Peace party people, ha ha see you later! Big Daddy, huh huh, my man my mellow Get on the mic cause you know you eat Jell-O Kane: Check it out, y’all You don’t stop Keep on Well it’s the Kane in the flesh Of course I’m fresh Oh you thought that I was rotten? Huh, I beg your pardon To me getting paid and getting busy fall together So a man of my ambiance...never! Could I be weak, why I’m rather unique I got style, flavor, grace, and plus a different technique That I be using and not many can manage So a brother like me, I do damage Just by picking up the mic to go solo I cold turn a party on out, and oh yo I get physical, mystical, very artistical Giving party people something funky to listen to That’s why the other MC’s can’t swing long I stomp them out just like I was King Kong Stepping on roaches, I get ferocious Supercalifragalisticexpealidocious I go on and on and on and Until the bright Shirley Murdock morning Cause I’mma pimp, hear the primp, yes the emp- Eror, bringing much terror in your era I ready, willing and I’m able, so bust a move Never use a barbershop I got my homeboy Smooth Cooling out with the clippers right around the way To keep my fresh Cameo cut every day Like that y’all, it’s like that y’all It’s like thata-the-that, it’s like that y’all Cause I’m the prosecutor taking a stand And, I’m cross-examining you my man The judge and jury, releasing my fury The verdict that I reach for you is rather blurry You see, the name Kane is superior to many people It means King Asiatic Nobody’s Equal I hate to brag, but damn I’m good And if mics were a gun, I’d be Clint Eastwood And if rap was a game, I’d be MVP Most Valuable Poet on the M-I-C Or if rap was a school, I’d be the principal Aw fuck it, the Kane is invincible To be specific, I may die one day But my rhymes will remain like a hieroglyphic It’s a certain special skill that takes much practice I got it good, apparently you lack this So in turn, sit back and learn Listen close, this is for your own concern Let me show you exactly how it’s properly done Lights, camera, action! A rap pro, do a show, good to go, also Cameo afro, Virgo, domino, I go Rambo Gigolo, Romeo, Friday night spend money on a ho- Tel, to get a good night’s sleep I’m keeping in step Now do I come off? Yep. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Big Daddy Kane Album: Long Live the Kane Song: Mister Cee's Master Plan Typed by: furness@ousd.k12.ca.us Yes, here we go, on with the show As the rhythm of this starts to flow No matter the tempo, fast or slow Get up and dance cause the Kane said so This is the dance floor groove of the album Presented to you all live from Calvin Whoops! I meant to say Mister Cee The disc jockey down with me, the Microphone lord, my wisdom is a sword Try to get with us, and get floored Some DJ's try to front, but yo don't let them fool you Cause wine is fine, but Calvin is cooler Jump up and down, and eh, and all around and Check out the way that my DJ is sounding On the turntables to keep the crowd stable Killing the cuts putting bodies on a record label And just for the symphony Here comes the M.I.S.T.E.R.C.E.E. Taking a stand like a band Mister Cee got a master plan Hit it!  (x4)  (x4) Later for it, yo!  What's up?! To the whole....(cracks up) Nigga dissed me! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Big Daddy Kane Album: Long Live the Kane Song: Word to the Mother (Land) Typed by: furness@ousd.k12.ca.us Grab a hold of yourself, open your eyes Get wise to the exercise Being taught by the teacher that’s most dominant You need knowledge?  Well I’m dropping it Listen to the rap allow it to trap  Your body and soul so that you can adapt To the man on display as I take you away So may I? Proud to be a Black man Coming exact and Giving up to brothers five on the back hand Pray for lease and peace upon each other With my sisters and brothers I say the mother, as in the motherland But on the other hand, another man Tackled and shackled our ancestors But we beat him with freedom, so let’s bless the Country that we all came from Because the moral of it all is we shall overcome The cream will keep rising We be sizing Up, the Asiatic one is enterprising Building and building to carry on All the way from Malcolm X to Farrakhan Martin Luther was a tutor, many were pupils Those who fell victim were those without scruples However, to sever, we could never So hold up the peace sign and stand together Take heed to the words that I manifest And when I’m through speaking, Marley Marl’ll do the rest  (x2) Take a stand the fight for power Cause we’ve been here before the Mayflower Living superior abiding by nature The history of the Asiatic one paid the Price to be paid in slavery Like the name of Antonio was gave to me But knowledge of self broke every shackle and chain Now I declare myself as the Big Daddy Kane The teacher, teaching a lesson to be heard That’s word, to the mother my brother So discover the truth of one another Cause here’s the real deal upon our skin color Lay down white, yellow, red or pink But the color of black is most dominant The rising and sizing can never cease Peace!  (x2) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Big Daddy Kane Album: It's a Big Daddy Thing Song: It's a Big Daddy Thing Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Ahh yeah We gon' pump this up one time As we set it off a little like this, kick it! Pump it up now (it's a Big Daddy thing) As we send this out to New York City Can't forget the posse down in Philly Also in Detroit (it's a Big Daddy thing) Chicago, Atlanta GA Sendin this out to Miami (it's a Big Daddy thing) Tampa, can't forget Virginia and North Carolina L.A. and Oakland (it's a Big Daddy thing) And the rest of the world as we go a little somethin like this (it's a Big Daddy thing) Let it rain let it rain to be put it pain with nothin to gain under the wrath of Kane Cause you can't maintain, I drained every brain to leave a stain plain to remain in my lane or path or road, until the next one be sewed That the B-I-G, D-A-double-D-Y explode Just like a bomb in Vietnam, so hit the alarm or be funky like a underarm And allow, me to show how, the microphone should flow Now, competition bow, to me like a Buddha The teacher, the tutor They come a dime a dozen but the Kane look cuter And I ain't about that slouchin or crabbin so save it -- cause that's one thing I ain't havin Because the purpose I serve is to please ya Rhymes will ease ya, like Milk of Magnesia So bust a pimp without a limp And I crush any wimp that would try to attempt to umm get loose I put a boost and used to chill the comp to Kane, I picked Beetlejuice "Big Daddy thing" (2X) I'm just that ruthless, to leave ya toothless Cause you're useless, makin up excuses excuses So never touch tap tangle or tamper A fearless fly foe'll get slapped with a Pamper Cause I can dig in your face like root canal But I'ma chill, won't even dispute you now Actin wild just ain't my style Cause only the live will be movin the crowd but see quiet as kept, not like a starter you but I can roast an MC like a barbecue In the Dead Zone, you shouldn't have left home Steppin to the man, now get the head flown I bring the terror, horror, there's no tomorrow Child you shouldn't even bother to press up, and get broken like a Lee nail So let me school ya plus scoop your female Just like a jiggalo but I'm much bigger though I'm like a hitman, pullin the trigger slow and smooth to the groove with lyrics that sooth and improve with every move, that's why you've been enhanced by the mentally divine So play football, and let's go the nine Shorts I take none, cause I ain't the one In eighty-nine there's damage bein done And for you to diss me, will be very risky Cause I make this be, as strong as whiskey To break and make my foes dispose in force So y'all can see how me the Kane will just reign superior, cause I ain't even hearin ya Save the yang, cause it's a Big Daddy thang "Big Daddy thing" (4X, then cut and scratched to end) And this one here goes out to my man Mad Money Murph Can't forget Big Sha, Big Therm And also I got to say whassup to my man Horace Got Nice and Smooth in the place to be Mack Daddy Nick, know what I'm sayin? Can't forget my man Ant Live And of course the one and only Prince Paul, peace! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Big Daddy Kane Album: It's a Big Daddy Thing Song: Another Victory Typed by: bespoke@comcen.com.au Verse 1: Here comes the conquering brother that fathoms and never ceases. Violators pick up the pieces (uh) That are left behind as you're left to find The fury of the five fingers of death are mine, Rippin' on the microphone, receitin' poem, Givin' competition a Big Daddy syndrome. Some step up, (mmm) none kept up (mmm). They rap a brief moment and then shut up. Lips are sealed because all of this is real. I'm not about frontin', I tell the real deal of society (what); So how we livin, Like a turkey on Thanksgiving or like Robin Gibbons? Not to offend, I just want you to comprehend every message I send (tell 'em), 'Cause I don't understand, I have to wonder, damn, How could this lifestyle be fun to man, To see a brother gettin' paid undercover, Sellin' drugs to one another, 'Cause all the glamour you get is miscillaneous And all the product you sell is real dangerous Like um, um, let's say, un, poison, Destruction to all your own boys and girls who like to buy and give it a try, Admire and can't deny the high, that's why they soon die. These are the games that a fool would play today For our own kind to decay. No sign of brotherly love, Just scavengers in search of..... Chorus: Another victory (cut and scratched) Verse 2: When I'm ridin' in my Volvo, cops harass me. They never ride past me, they hound me like Lassie, Wantin' to give me a summons or a ticket. Huh, I got a place for them to stick it (kick it). They can't understand to see a black man Drivin' a car that costs 25 grand. The first thing they say is "Where'd you steal her?" And then they assume that I'm a drug dealer. Huh, that just makes me wanna laugh, 'Cause now I'm a star and your son got my autograph, So all the cops on the highway gettin' me, My name ain't Kieth, so could you please stop Sweatin' me So I can flow and go on, so on and so on To all the jams Cee throw on. Reachin' a summit as you learn from it, A lesson taught from yours truly, so here cometh The royal majesty, others have to be Fully prepared, though they still won't last with me, So when you hope to hang or even handle, I'll show the meaning of power and just cancel (period). Out of order, conquer and slaughter, You're comin' up shorter, boy, you'll need more to Compete 'cause the heat is deep in concrete, Defeat, bring up the fleet, flee 'fore we meet Or stay away, puttin' new rhymes on layaway. Then come get this when you're ready for business 'Cause aaaaah yeah, I'm with this (I'm ready). Yo, Mister Cee, what is this? (Repeat chorus) Verse 3: MC's and enemies I freeze at 32 degrees Because they can't drop rhymes like these. Competition never saw none done, So pay attention as I mention the 411. Just the other day, I heard a brother say, "Taxi cabs don't even come my way. They all be afraid they won't get paid So they zoom right past and pick up a lighter shade, And if they stop, the first thing they want, No more than two people and the money up-front, Treatin' me like I'm some type of thug. It might sound bugged but they don't wanna get mugged." Who's in the right or wrong? It's time to unite along The righteous with a walk in success and be strong. Instead of lookin' for someone to beef with, A brother like the Big Daddy Kane is peace with Rappers of today like (Kid'N'Play), Hey, even my man L.L. Cool J, (Stetsasonic) and EPMD, Public Enemy and (BDP), Salt 'N' Pepa 'cause we can't sever never, Wheihter, whatever, we better stand together. That means unite, not fightin' or fussin' or cussin'. Save all the base for the pipe and start lovin' One another 'cause separation is a flaw, So endure for more and stop lookin'; for.... (Repeat chorus 'till end) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Big Daddy Kane Album: It's a Big Daddy Thing Song: Mortal Combat Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash The kiss of death on a rap pick Then you get a slap quick, so guard it with Chapstick In other words, protect and hold your own It only takes one punch to get head flown Fists of fury, suckers get buried Cause the Kane got more spice than curry I am the flavor down on paper And nothing could save ya, from catchin the vapors Rhymes that'll sting your face like a quick jab And I'm rubbin em in just like Vicks say I'm captivatin, dominatin, innovatin, illustratin, fascinatin Motivatin, elevatin, terminatin, mutilatin Rhymes they're worth their weight in gold, bold, never sold to a bidder That claim to glitter, you're so bitter like kitty litter As for damage, don't tell me what another do Cause I quote that I'm R-A-W So make room, cause fighters are doomed Try to consume, and make your own tune A grave from a casket, a tisket a tasket You're rhymes out of basket, boy you get your ass kicked For frontin like you hittin hard when your arms are too short, to box with God So don't even touch cause I come with too much Address and bless any mic that I clutch And for a rapper to challenge my freestyle He must be senile, and that's why meanwhile back at the ranch... There goes the asiatic chosen one that's expandin with a new branch So many slept on the nonchalant act Now wake up sucker this is mortal combat 	"you say daddy I don't want none..." --> Kool Moe Dee 		(repeat 4X) I seize and freeze MC's with these degrees Put me to my knees, or at ease, chillllld please I break it down, to bring on the next act Rappers are so full of shit, they need Ex-Lax So stop griffin, your mind is driftin Prepare yourself cause I get swift and captivate the crowd but you can't understand At times I gotta say to myself, "God damn!" As I get hot, and still be gettin warmer And I don't have beef with no other performer Keep to myself never bother another But if a rapper tries to diss I crush the motherfucker! Frontin MC's that be tryin to rip need to save it, and don't even play with me when I react like a volcano eruptin I step to you and say, "Now what's up?" then every word'll be just like surgery Cuttin you open so rush to emergency Or even bow to your knees and below Or get played like a game of Nintendo J-O-K-E-S ain't my style I ain't a child that's why I don't smile I combine a line designed to find behind the mind so devine the other rappers resign As I go on, from night to morn Beginning to end, from Knowledge, to Born Whenever rappers are lookin for static Looks like a job for King Asiatic An-y, send-me, competitors Then again, it might just be better to just slow down you don't wanna throwdown I get busy, get you dizzy like a merry-go-round Feel the wrath of a Big Daddy duel rhyme And competition, prepare for wartime Be alert for where I drop the bomb at As I destroy you with mortal combat 	"you say daddy I don't want none..." --> Kool Moe Dee 		(repeat 4X) I roll so bold with soul control the whole patrol of folders molders towin black gold So let it be said, let it be read Cause I lead ahead, of others who rhymes are old as Pro-Keds Tryin to diss the Big Daddy repetoire Moi?? You steady screamin out a antique segment wrote As I just play em like a pregant roach and STOMP EM For tryin the forbidden Your rhymes ain't hittin, boy you won't be gettin none of, or in front of, cause every one of my adversaries, lack, you little son of  o-bit-uary column, and read your name If you ever try to step to the Big Daddy Kane So any claimin or aimin to be champion against me? Psssh, can't be one I rank supreme and it's a rapper's dream to scheme and fiend for my technique but redeem Cause there's only room for one teacher Wise words from a wise man'll reach ya I teach freedom, justice, and equality Peace to the brothers and sisters and follow me Plenty poisoned minds of the people are ours Slaves, from mental death in power That's the reason before I drop this bomb I say peace to the Nation of Islam ("Make you say" (6X) "daddy I don't want none...") --> Kool Moe Dee ("Make you say, say, da-daddy I don't want none...")  ("Make, ma-ma-make, make you say daddy I don't want none...")  ("Make you say" (6X) "daddy I don't want none...") The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Big Daddy Kane Album: It's a Big Daddy Thing Song: Children R the Future Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash On and on and on and on Me say the beat don't stop until the break of dawn Nor does the growth of our young world Yes the children, be buildin, each boy and girl Cause you are the cream of the planet earth The new birth, now take that for what it's worth And give the child room, to blossom and bloom Livin large, it's your destiny to consume To take flight and ignite to a brand new height Cause that's your goal in life - am I right? (Yeah!) To start reachin, come on each and every single one of y'all comprehend what I'm teachin I said listen up, listen up, listen up youngster Learn from a lesson that the Big Daddy brung ya It's nothin but knowledge, I shall bring to you And I'm not Mr. Rogers or Captain Kangaroo, but I know 	"children, children" - "are the future" (variations 4X) "children, children" Where we goin now? Take my hand my child, and let me show you how Cause I'm here to help.. .. those who need Knowledge of Self Young brothers and sisters, considered the cream that must rise to the top and fulfill the dream And there are desires that we all want to achieve but remember, respect is most greatest to receive And we don't have to gain it by bein TOUGH Or sellin our own kind that cooked white stuff So bring your negative mind from out of the shade Find your true self and let's all get paid, because 	"children, children" - "are the future" (variations 4X) People, people, why we live illegal? Your life just ends short and you know that there's no sequel (sequel) They'll say that it was fun while it lasted You run wild, stickin up and gettin blasted Pregnant girls livin solo, on the welfare Cause your so-called man said go to hell dere And young brothers that could be tryin to rap Instead, are out boostin clothes at the Gap Now what kind of life is that for a child? Runnin wild livin foul, hey, change your lifestyle Get some knowledge, and open your eyes Just take a little bit of time, how fully you'll come to realize, that 	"children, children" - "are the future" (variations 4X) [Kane * singing *] I believe the children are the future Teach them well and let them lead the way Show them all of the beauty they posess inside Give them, a sense of pride to make it easier, let the children laughter remind us how we used to be The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Big Daddy Kane Album: It's a Big Daddy Thing Song: Young, Gifted and Black Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Minister Farrakhan] So out of the MERCY of Allah and the LAW, written in our nature We call an INDIVIDUAL, into existence And when that individual, I make, NO apologies for what I'm about to say [Big Daddy Kane] Rough, rugged and real, you're on standstill to obey okay so let the man build words of rapture that you have to capture And I just slapped ya with the hand full of literature that's dope def fresh hype choice smooth and raw Rappers I replace, rub out, and erase Competition you must be on freebase Smokin or chokin, bound to be broken Man, get your damn hands off the mic that I'm chokin! Cause I got a strangehold You're still cold off the road for the role you stole Rhymes that you yell out, but you did sell out Crossed-over, lost over here, now get the hell out I'm not a pop star, rock'n'roller I'm a rebel, BLESSED, able to hold a mic like a hammer, and drop grammar Treat a rapper like a wrestler, and body slam him Those who dispute get treated just like a prostitute They get the boot and played like a flute so just PLAY mute, don't even whisper Open your mouth to speak and I'm diss ya Ragtag and dog, put you in the morgue Because you're petty confetti and not ready to rock steady In other words, you're half-steppin' Tiptoein, get goin, because my weapon is not a nine, an uzi or a shotgun But when it come to hype rhymes I got one Just like the album is still the same _Long Live the Kane_ ain't a damn thing changed I still get ill and kill at will and build the skill to fill your grill so don't tell me you're real We sample beats, you sue and try to fight us *tchk* Maaaan, you still be home with arthritis! If we didn't revive em, bring back alive old beats that we appreciated, you wouldn't survive You'd be another memory to us Ashes to ashes and dust to dust So understand, the way that I live that's positive - and the message I got to give It's a benefit for you and me I'm talkin bout P.E.A.C.E. The chosen one that has turned a new leaf I got gold teeth, and they don't chew beef No pork on my fork, strictly fish on my dish The Kane fallin victim? *tchk* Sucker, you wish I flow like water, slaughter Put you out of order.. floored ya! Rappers are raggin and taggin and snaggin and braggin to be on the bandwagon, but I'm the Last Dragon With the knack to attract the pack so just GET BACK, I'm young, gifted and black And just go with the flow you know In the place to be with my man Marley Marl Sendin this out to Divine Force Can't forget my main man Heavy D And to my good brothers EPMD And to my man Ice-T over on the West Coast Can't forget Kool Moe Dee, Busy Bee, MC Lyte, the Audio Two I say, peace! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Big Daddy Kane Album: It's a Big Daddy Thing Song: Smooth Operator Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Well excuse me, take a few minutes, to mellow out Big Daddy Kane is on the mic and I'ma tell about a minimum length, of rhymes of strength and power, so listen to the man of the hour Flow and go to a slow tempo and you know sing hoe, swing low, then yo the show will go on, as I perform Transformin on stage like a Decepticon But I'm not animated like a cartoon I'm for real, shootin lyrics like a harpoon Across the crowd, the listeners, the spectators So let's groove with the smooth operator 	"cause I'm so smooth..." --> Rakim 		(repeat 2X) The B-I-G, D-A-double-D-Y-K-A-N-E I'm good and plenty, servin many and any competition, wishin for an expedition I'm straight up dissin and dismissin, listen Rappers act so wild, and love to profile Frontin hard but ain't got no style I give nightmares to those who compete Freddy Kreuger, walkin on Kane Street Confuse and lose abuse and bruise the crews who choose to use my name wrong, they pay dues Destruction from the exterminator But in a calm manner, cause I'm a smooth operator 	"cause I'm so smooth..." --> Rakim 		(repeat 2X) Now girls step up to this One simple kiss, and it's over Miss Sold to nice dreamers, high as the price seem girlfriend, you been scooped like ice cream So just swing or fling a gathering try to cling Cause It's a Big Daddy Thing And I'm lovin em right word is bond So just play Marvin Gaye and Let's Get It On I make it real good like Dr. Feelgood To make sure that my point is understood That when it comes to this there's none greater Sincerely yours... the smooth operator 	"cause I'm so smooth..." --> Rakim 		(repeat 2X) Now ain't that the pot callin the kettle black Sayin I'm a new jack, you need to be smacked The smooth way I say em and the way I display em to make them sound different in a way that's gifted and hey I'm, makin sure every lyric is done fine And I make one line, bright as the sunshine Attack you like Robatussin on a cough If you know like I know -- step off! Competition, I'ma get rid of You can't get a bit of, so just consider a break or rest vacation hibernation And make way for my smooth operation I'm a smooth operator 	"cause I'm so smooth..." --> Rakim 		(repeat 2X) Ahhhhh yeahhh, and you don't stop Genuine for eighty-nine And I still ain't half-steppin, peace! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Big Daddy Kane Album: It's a Big Daddy Thing Song: Calling Mr. Welfare Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Red]	Yo, whassup Big Daddy? [Kane]	Aiyyo whassup Red Alert? I'm chillin Duke [Red]	Yo do me a favor man -- pleeeeeease tell me  	about these big ol bubblehead girls out here [Big Daddy Kane] Well hey, you know that lady on the top floor of my buildin? The heavyset one with about ten children? You may remember her as a slim honey when her man name was Pimp Daddy Hustler Stack Money A big time drug dealer from around the way Slingin rocks, makin G's everyday He drove a big fat Mercedes Benz and even bought her a car to perpetrate for her friends It was a brand new Jag, with the spoiler and rag And the girl was a nag, cause all she did was just brag I mean baaaaaaaaaaad -- we know your coat cost a lot You didn't have to leave on the price tag And count the times her stomach got plump Havin baby after baby by the same old chump And then the day came, he left the dame shamed But who's to blame? Y'all know the name of the game Pimp Daddy's wanted as he maxes and relaxes She can't even sue for money, pushers don't pay taxes So what's to do? Oh yeah To feed ten mouths, she had to call on Mr. Welfare [Red]	What? Mr. Welfare? 	Man they playin high-post with low income 	Check this out -- when y'all go around to the corner 	y'all gonna check out another episode 	Go like somethin like this.. [Big Daddy Kane] Hey, if you think that suck, bust this Another little story as I reminisce about an old friend of mine that was livin out of order Makin money like water (illlllll-egal?) Yeah, sorta He sold drugs and robbed a lot of people But in these days and times, who lives illegal? It's all about who knows the trade and who am I to knock him? Homeboy was gettin paid He chose his own lifestyle to live - it was negative but his own prerogative Makin cash to flash and stash in half the trash The cops made the dash (sufferin succotash!) Because he had to do ten in the pen  and then begin again to apprehend, huh But what's lost is lost, the reign is over (Huhhh, see ya!) Nice to know ya Money, no longer can he collect it Can't even get a job cause he got a jail record So what's left? No hopes of a career So yeahhh, he's callin Mr. Welfare! [Red]	Mr. Big Daddy Kane 	They don't know what time it is about Mr. Welfare 	Do me a favor -- open up your book to page fifteen 	at the top and read it off like thisssssssss [Big Daddy Kane] Here's a story of a guy who had to cop out his life for bein a high school dropout In the ninth grade he wanted to get paid but now the young brother needs government aid Because in his past he decided to cut class and run in the streets to make ends meet No shame in the game of his but silly rabbit, Trix are for kids! So when you sat on the corner with a 40 ounce talkin bout whattup? Can't even pronounce your words correct, now in retrospect that's a shame - but in '89, who gives a heck? There's no type of path to follow It's all about a dollar, fuck bein a scholar That's why your report card's through Like a BizMark beat, it reads eww-eww-eww-eww-eww! So now you wanna wake up and smell the coffee? Lookin for a helpin hand, but get off me! I tried to tell you the deal last summer Stay in school, and get yourself a diploma Now you're on your own, tryin to make it alone No food or home, chewin on a meaty bone So what's to do since the cupboard is bare? Brrring brrring! Call on Mr. Welfare [Red]	Yo Kane, that's the story about my man Mr. Welfare huh? [Kane]	Yo like Chuck D said, how low can you go [Red]	If she go any lower, she gonna have a personal problem 	Yo my man Mister Cee, cut it up money! * Mister Cee cuts "welll-fare" * [Kool DJ Red Alert] We-eh-el-el-el, el-el-elllllllfare, c'mon! Yeah Mr. Welfare He on some new stuff, what what is it? He all new and improved? Right? Yeah, like that old Bug-Out stuff This guy, is he alright or what? I think he on a mission with no kind of learnin You know what Big Daddy Kane? We gonna have to take care of this matter Mister Cee, go ahead, cut it up My man Big Daddy Kane gonna see about my man Mr. Welfare alright? Places to go, people to see, things to do, and you know what else to get.. see ya! Yeahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhsss! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Big Daddy Kane Album: It's a Big Daddy Thing Song: Wrath of Kane (Live) Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash 	He has arrived, at the Apollo 	Big.. Daddy.. Kane! * fans screaming * [Big Daddy Kane] One two Can I get a stand? Can I get a mic stand? A mic.. Aiyyo whassup y'all ready to party or what? * fans screaming * We gon' groove with this one tune for y'all.. * fans screaming * Can I see the peace sign up in the air? You know what this is? The wrath of Kane, takin over your circumfrence Destroyin negativity, and suckers that come with the weak, the wack, the words, they're poor I thrash bash clash mash * Mister Cee scratch * and ten more Blow up the scenery, I reign supremer, see You need a savior to save ya, so lean on me I'm playin rappers like a haunted ghost and stomp em out like a watered roach I slay my pray and they decay, I blow away and throw away so go away, cause I don't play Attackin like a psychopath; breakin rappers in half so feel the wrath.. of Kane! The man at hand, to rule and school and teach and reach the blind to find their way from A to Z And be the most, and boast the loudest rap Kane'll reign your domain! (YEAH KANE!) The heat is on, so feel the fire Come off the empire, all the more higher Level of def one step beyond dope You suckers all scope and hope to cope but NOPE Cause I can never let em on top of me I play em out like a game of Monopoly Let us beat around the ball like an Astro Then send em to jail for tryin to pass Go Shakin em up, breakin em up, takin no stuff but it still ain't loud enough So Mister Cee let the volume grow so I can flow, now yo Juice Crew's the family, Slick Rick's a friend of me and Doug E. Fresh, Stet', KRS and Public Enemy Blase blah, you know who you are The red black and green, the sun moon and star Knowledge of Self, degree of twenty-one after Peace in the name of I Self Lord and Master I come to teach and preach and reach and each with the speech every leecher I'm impeach Drop science and build with math And the dumb deaf and blind'll feel the wrath, of Kane! Marley Marl break it down! * fans screaming * Line by line, chapter after chapter Like a pimp on the street, I got a rap ta those who chose to oppose, friend or foes I still dispose Blow em out like afros Too many rappers have fronted to get a name out Yellin and screamin and jeerin but still came out Off the wall as butter soft-er y'all So you waited for Kane, to come after all competition, that bite and chew and crunch and munch to play me out position, you on a mission But stop lyin and tryin to front adventures Your rhymes are more false than dentures Freeze, as I get warm like a heater Bite like a mosquito, but still can't complete a rhyme or find the time to design a line or phrase that pays, so you down in rhyme I get busy from sun to sun Only twenty-one, untouched by ANYONE No one throws, bangs or blows All foes I keep em runnin like pantyhose They got soft and tender, front and they'll surrender I turned off more lights than Teddy Pendergrass Bring on the trial, war be my style but when I'm in effect, they feel the wrath, of Kane! Alright, pump your fists in the air like this y'all C'mon let me see the fists in the air C'mon y'all And let me hear you say yeahhhAHHHHahhhh, c'mon (yeahhhAHHHHahhhh) C'mon now, yeahhhAHHHHahhhh, c'mon! (yeahhhAHHHHahhhh) Everybody, yeahhhAHHHHahhhh, what? (yeahhhAHHHHahhhh) yeahhhAHHHHahhhh, c'mon (yeahhhAHHHHahhhh) And say hoe-oh (hoe-oh) hoe-oh (hoe-oh) Say yo baby, yo baby, yo (Yo baby, yo baby, yo!) And just throw your hands in the air And wave em like you just don't care If you're gettin cash money and not welfare Somebody say, ooh yeah! (ooh yeah!) Oooh yeah! (ooh yeah) Apollo Theater, I love y'all Peace! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Big Daddy Kane Album: It's a Big Daddy Thing Song: I Get the Job Done Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Kane]	Hey yo Teddy [Riley]	Yo [Kane]	I ran into a young lady Maliya last night [Riley]	Word? [Kane]	Must have been her husband's payday [Riley]	Heheh [Kane]	because she bought me this here brand new 	diamond link that you see me with on [Riley]	Mmm [Kane]	Smooth, you knowhatI'msayin? You know why? [Riley]	Why Kane? [Kane]	Cause I get the job done Chorus: repeat 2X "I work" (3X) "I work.. baby!" [Big Daddy Kane] The question at hand, is how do I love thee? I count the ways but girls don't shove me One by one you can come and caress me Undress and molest me but you can't posess me Because I love a young lady that's beautiful but one that's smart for me, is more suitable In other words, to make it simple and plain You gotta have a brain in order to be Ms. Kane But in the case of not becomin my lady I take em eight to eighty, dumb crippled and crazy Crisp and clean with no caffeine and a pair of spandex or either tight jeans Couldn't believe the ones with the Chinese cuts but I'll take 'em with the weave hangin down to they butts And if you step up in a large sum Like Martin Luther King, I Shall Overcome I get the job done Chorus (+ Kane says "I get the job done!" every two lines) [Big Daddy Kane] Some of you ladies make moves too quick And settle down, without havin a large pick Rushed into becomin some Ku Klux wife and no longer do you enjoy, the married life Well, I let you know this is a brand new year so never fear, the Big Daddy is here To do things in places your husband wouldn't And do certain things he probably just couldn't Let me sneak into your life, like a thief in the night Lick your body all over and squeeze you real tight Nibble all over your ear and give your back a massage You'll say, "Oooh I like it," just like DeBarge (how large) Smooth and mild I'll make you smile, honey child then hit the lights and get buckwild And when I turn her back on, you'll have to say like Calgon, please take me away So when your main course is doin nothin for ya Just look at me as a tasty side order that came into your life and brought a thrill Cause any husband won't, I'm a neighbor who will, get the job done.. Chorus (+ Kane says "I get the job done!" every two lines) [Kane]	T.R., take it to the bridge, uhh! [Big Daddy Kane] Here's a perfect description of me Six foot one, and dark and lovely And if they're sayin black is beautiful, it's true not phony I'm Brown-er than Bobby so won't you be my +Tenderoni+ And get a whiff of this nymphomaniac An up-to-date mack that's ready to attack and prove that I'm a pro and far from a rookie Ain't no hair on my chest, but I'm one tough cookie Whoever said you had to be one-hundred percent masculine in order to be in? I'd rather be more subtle and smooth and SOOTH Girl, you won't disapprove And I promise that you'll never forget Hmmmmmmmmmmm, now what's a title to fit me? A champ like Tyson, a Captain like Kirk, no Employee of the Month, cause yo, I do work The K-A-N-E is on the J-O-B An expert, cause I get it D-O-N-E So lights, camera, action - all hail the one! That gets the job done Chorus (+ Kane says "I get the job done!" every two lines) Chorus * repeat to the end * The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Big Daddy Kane Album: It's a Big Daddy Thing Song: Ain't No Stoppin' Us Now Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Here we go, here we go on the smooth side Let's take a ride in stride and I'm the guide with the source, and of course - I don't wanna be the king or boss I just wanna get my point across Cause it's time to organize and open your eyes Realize, we on the rise to the climax, time to take charge Whoever said we can't live large? To seek out fortune without distortion and stop livin for just a small portion There is a move to make, we gotta take a chance to break all chains become awake Cause this is the new way, to be proud and brave and I ain't goin out like a slave In eighty-nine, I'm livin like a champ Step out my face, talkin bout a food stamp Child please, put it at ease Freeze, it's time to get paid in times like these We can't take shorts or take a loss So take it from the Kane and go for yours, because 	* Chorus * Uh-huh There, comes a time, where we can't be in the rear We gotta step up front, to get our share Make the change, cause we're not inferior For example, there was a black Ms. America Let's start to do for ourself We can't depend on no one else or the board of health So hold your own or else you're gonna find that if you play off of crime you go out like Aunt Jemimah We gotta put it in overdrive and strive to survive to stay alive, that's the reason I've came to, motivate us to the length Effort of strength makes you grow inch by inch Takin no mediums or small at all We gotta walk not crawl or else take a fall What used to be just hopes and thoughts are now in effect, and we can't take shorts, because 	* Chorus * Swing on that right there, pump it up, here we go Uh-huh, uh-huh, pump it up, here we go One more thing Let's unite together, we can't sever never no matter what or what-ever Because we need unity to find justice Just I See Equality so bust this Take a stand and command to demand what's grand I know we can if we just understand the true way of livin that was really meant for us So one more time, kick the chorus! 	* Chorus 2X * Ah keep it goin y'all A Prince Paul, rulin em all y'all A Prince Paul, schoolin em all y'all And Tony, Tony, Tony, Tony And Tony Tone never leavin the girls alone Tony Tone never leavin the girls alone And you don't stop, and you don't stop And you don't stop, and you don't stop.. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Big Daddy Kane f/ Nice & Smooth, Scoob Album: It's a Big Daddy Thing Song: Pimpin' Ain't Easy Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash   Chorus: 	Anything goes when it comes to hoes, they go: 	Pimpin' ain't easy (Pimpin' ain't eeeeeee-zyyyyyy) 6x [Greg Nice] One-two-three-four, to five-six-seven eight, nine-ten, then ya got eleven Twelve, thirteen, start your age; fourteen-fifteen-sixteen, the pubic stage Like an apple, like a cherry, like a peach, like a plum better get off the virgin before I cuuuuum! Pick up my pants and thump and thump I think I'll call up Tootie, she'll give me some Watch out, watch out I'm drippin' live scum I say damn, I love the way I make my posse roll-a 'Specially if the hoochie's on birht control-a Lift her up just like a pick up truck then I sat her down and we started to fuck Made whoopie, made whoopie, made whoopie, YO-O-O-O-O! I hope this time I don't make a cookie Brothers everywhere be callin' me a rookie Two from the Greg Nice from the o-o-old schoooooool but bullshit, I ain't no fool, cuz   Chorus [Big Daddy Kane] Well, I say...Extra! Extra! Here is a bachelor comin' straight at ya I see trim and bag it, take it home and rag it the Big Daddy law is anti-faggot That means no homosexuality; what's in my pants'll make you see reality And if you wanna see a smooth black Casanova -- BEND OVAH! Cuz I don't half-step when it comes to broads The K-A-N-E 'll go the whole nine yards There's no time for coversation my dear [MOAN!] is all I wanna hear So let's make a move, as I get smooth cuz the purpose I serve is to soothe I'm tall, dark and handsome and all that junk Even white girls be sayin' "Ooh, Kane's a hunk!" Even Puerto Rican girls be callin' me papi Some try to copy, but they look sloppy So imitators who wanna step to a brother like me, lick my manure!   Chorus [Smooth B] I'm just goin' and I'm flowin' like a gigolo and when I used to be with Scott, I was a Super-Hoe But now I'm coolin' with Kane and Greg N-I-C-E and if the girlies want my tip they gotta pay a fee I love bonin', and all my friends they will agree that when it comes to pimpin' hoes...it ain't easy First name: Smooth. Last name: B WHen I'm bonin' a girl, I make her feel heavenly I like to make 'em wait, and then make 'em beg and when I take off my clothes, the I form a third leg They rub it with oils and suck it with ice Now I'm sweating....my mind is in paradise...   Chorus [Scoob Lover] Tip-tip-toein', Scoob Lover's out hoein' Braggin' to the fellas how my flattop was growin' buyin' drinks for the ladies, money I was blowin' right in front of me...mmm...not even knowin' A brown-skinned cutie; big, plump booty Nametag earrings readin' off "Tootie" Bullseye, bing, the girl of my dreams; from my eyesight that was what it seemed I said, uh, "Come a little bit closer" To Scoob that night, choice guy, she said "Hi Hi...hi, I've really been wantin' to meet you I just got paid and I'll be very glad to treat you How 'bout dinner, a Salisbury steak?" I said, "Sorry Honey-Dip, but I already ate" So I nudged the other girlies off my shoulder went for Tootie cuz the girl was much older East to the Benz, I slowly walked; clearing out my throat so I cold start my smooth talk Sex in my mind, I was sure of it... I wanted to tax that ass like the government!   Chorus [Ant Live] Well, it's Friday night, ain't a damn thing funny -- Bitch better have my money The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Big Daddy Kane Album: It's a Big Daddy Thing Song: To Be Your Man Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Mmmm, mmm, mmm! .. My my my my my my my my my This must be what you call, love at first sight When you commit yourself to someone and don't even know wrong from right (wrong from right) Looks like my feelings been united with you baby But maybe just a little bit too soon I realized that hearts get broken, sweetheart I couldn't stand the wound (can't stand the wound) So I put mines in your hands girl And it's all yours my dear but you got to be gentle, cause it's fragile see That means handle with care (handle with care) Heh, reminisce on how I first met you You remember -- backstage at my show I thought that I was the star until I saw you (but I did not love her) (I did not love her) Escapin from the crowd to be alone witchu Cause I had oh so much to say As we sat down in my dressin room girl, huh and just talked the entire night away From that moment on I felt that I knew you Just like the back of my hand (I love you, I love you) Loved you like I never loved another (I loved you) and dreamt of bein your man *sung*	How would it feel? To be your man? (2X) .. Just think of the first time that we went out to the movies when we went to see that picture Iahhhhhh, I was the on the first thing smokin just to fly that head to getcha (I gotta getcha) And what about the time that I called you long distance on my car telephone (and I was alone) Now that's what I call reachin out to touch somebody at a million dollar zone But you see, it didn't matter sweatheart, nah baby Cause I'd call Mars for you Climb the highest mountain to be by your side Word to MOTHER, cause my love is true (my love is true) Girl, if you could just understand (try to understand) All the things that I'd do  just for the sake of me, Kane, bein your man *sung*	How would it feel? To be your man? (2X) Do it to em Blue Magic! *sung*	How would it feel? To be your man? (2X) So whatchu sayin baby? So whatchu sayin baby? *sung*	How would it feel? To be your man? (2X) Can I be your man? (I'll be good to you) So good to me.. (I'll be good to you) *sung*	How would it feel? To be your man? (1X) C'mon girl, yeah, yeah (be so good to you) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page   Warning : include(/home/ohhla/www/anonymous//bigdaddy/bigdaddy/ceebuilt.bdk.txt) [ function.include ]: failed to open stream: No such file or directory in /home/ohhla/public_html/files/lyrics.php on line 67   Warning : include() [ function.include ]: Failed opening '/home/ohhla/www/anonymous//bigdaddy/bigdaddy/ceebuilt.bdk.txt' for inclusion (include_path='.:/usr/lib/php:/usr/local/lib/php') in /home/ohhla/public_html/files/lyrics.php on line 67 The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Big Daddy Kane f/ Scoob Lover and Scrap Lover Album: It's a Big Daddy Thing Song: On the Move Typed by: bespoke@comcen.com.au Chorus: (all together) Well, here we are, United just for you. Our flat-top cuts are new Because we're on the move. Verse 1 (Big Daddy Kane): Na-na-na now girls step up, the quick ones kept up. The slow ones need to pep up to keep Big Daddy's rep up, 'Cause I don't let up or get up or even set up. On a a speak freak, I know how to make you shut up. Gasp your breath as you huff and puff. The Big Daddy got more than enough good stuff, 'Cause I'm just like secret when it comes to trimin'. Strong enough for a man but made for women, So come one, come all, I'm not about bein' picky. It only takes a hickey to make you want a quickie >From the cameo haircut man that's dark and lovely, Smooth and suave, that's why girls dream of me, And not to flaunt, I love a flirt with a skirt And after a concert, a little neeeaaah don't hurt, Just to hear the girls screamin' out wild, G. You're not a Jungle Brother, but that's some Jimbrowski. I'm like a pimp, see, and iff you tempt me, I can fill up any girls that's empty, Give you somethin' that's mighy and strong, But ladies, don't get me wrong Because you say that I love 'em and leave 'em, but no, I please ya And then catch amnesia, But the party people can't be denied, So I remember those who's on my side. (Repeat chorus) Interlude 1: Mister Cee cuts and scratches "Scoob Lover, my brother." Verse 2 (Scoob Lover): The mic goes around like a 40 ounce. Now, I'm-a take a sip, now it's time to bounce. I won't get tipsy, I don't drink and talk And, no, I'm not a hoddlum by the way I walk, 'Cause I'm one hype, one brown-skinned brother. For those who don't know me, I'm (who?) Scoob Lover, A jolly good fellow, flowin' with the mellow. For all the choice cuties, I'd love to say "Hello", So take away the 3, let's stick to 1, 2. Me and you, now here's a clue what we could do. It begins with an S and ends with an X. Hmmm, not the number 6, so guess what's next, So girls, don't barge, don't blink, be still 'Cause it's about time for Scoob to get ill. Remeber you dissed, now you wanna kiss, Write me fan letters, sayin' that you miss. There's only one rap dance, the cool romancer. If I had a million dollars, I'd try to cure cancer, But I'm only here to get illey, ha. Now, I'm drug free and I don't smoke Phillies, So come here, shorty, go buy me a 40. And make sure it's cold so the crew can get naughty. (Repeat chorus) Interlude 2: Mister Cee cuts and scratches "Scrap Lover, my other." Verse 3 (Scrap Lover): You get jacked if you ever try to nap Ona a rap from Scrap because you know there's no haps. Now, right from where I left off, to all those who stepped off, You know you had it comin', the blame is what you slept off. ?Destruction played a part on roll, here's so to say.? You can't mislead me. Why? 'Cause I know the way. Always gave headahces, never known for heartaches. Time and effort, huh, that's what a star takes. Let me give you a true piece of mind 'Cause this rare species is so hard to find. I'm custom-made for all the ladies with guts, A tall box of hair or rather cameo cuts. Draggin' tattoes is what the girls found, Two on m chest, one draggin' on the ground. To all the young ladies that's clean and legit, As long as I got a face, you got a place o sit. No tokens for heart-broken turnstiles, No remarks or regrets, but I'll burn while Those that's destined to question for a new thing. Join us in harmony together as we sing. For all the ladies determined that once was So jealous, stop searchin' now 'cause.... (Repeat chorus) (Mister Cee cuts and scratches) Outro (Big Daddy Kane) You don't stop, you don't stop. You keep on to the break of dawn. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Big Daddy Kane Album: It's a Big Daddy Thing Song: Warm it Up, Kane Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Come, get some, you little bum I take the cake but you can't get a crumb from the poetic, authentic, superior Ultimate - and all that good shit I'm the original, Asiatic, acrobatic There you have it, now get dramatic Creatin drama when I'm on the scene And I pack em in mean, like Bruce Springsteen I profile a style that's mild and meanwhile put on trial a rap pile to exile Make you tumble and stumble, in a rumble just CRUMBLE And I'm still calm and humble You need another helpin hand to swing on I stand alone, but still you gotta bring on your Batman and Robin, Cagney and Lacey Starsky and Hutch, but they still can't face me And if may make this one thing here clear that's for you not to come near, PERIOD So I ain't buggin or delirious My swift tongue's like a sword, that's how severe it is And I can slice and dice a Fisher Price MC that thought he was nice into Minute Rice Single-handed, I ain't with that band stuff Cause Cee'll scratch a record like flakes of dandruff And the mic I ravage, not like a savage but in my own way of doin damage As I design the genuine line Now who flattop rules in eighty-nine? 	Warm it up, Kane (16X) .. Take two other men with soul that you probably know Deadly as Scarface, but bright as the Cosby show Don't attack rappers, but make everyone hush They step to me, but can't stop the bumrush I make material, rich and imperial The unique technique I speak is all original You like to sag and drag and gag Same old same old, but Poppa's Got a Brand New Bag So put the mic down boy, you can't work it Due to wack lyrics, it's bout to short circuit So toss the sauce across to the boss, no remorse You lost, with force, of course, a holocaust First I caught ya, then put ya through torture You moved wrong my son, so I taught ya Just like a guardian, that put your body in the mood to groove with the smoove way that I'm partyin Competition may find it spectacular Scheme and fiend to take a bite like Dracula and waste the taste, cause ain't no sugar here So come near if you dare, you BOOGA BEAR You start hallucinatin like Magic The wrath gets tragic, but Kane won't have it Cause you tried to juice me when you're bluffin Slowed the pace, so I had to start rushin So pick a B.C. date, cause you're history Here comes Kane Scoob Scrap Jay and Mister Cee And this is one thing to us we ain't new to The crew'll cast a spell on the crowd just like voodoo I'm the man you can't hold back and all competition appears to be weak I meant to say wack, a vision of blur Just them thinkin I'm competitin, I say, "Huh!" 	Warm it up, Kane (16X) .. Genuine for eighty-nine, you know what I'm sayin? As I give a shout out to my man Tony A Tony P, Sally Sal and the whole Libra Digital posse Can't forget my man Yawnski and Smooth the Barber, you know what I'm sayin? Also, I gotta say whassup to Born True, B-Boy, and my man big Jay Cee The whole rest of the crew, Scoob Lover my brother Scrap Lover, and DJ Mister Cee Can't forget Supreme, Abu, MelQuan and Shabazz Wally D, and the rest of the brothers and of course my little brother the Little Daddy Shane Manditory end of the story, you know what I'm sayin? Peace! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Big Daddy Kane Album: It's a Big Daddy Thing Song: Rap Summary (Lean on Me Remix) Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash 	Lean on me! (2X) "Big Daddy Kane, a teacher.." (2X) "Big Daddy.. Big Daddy.." 	"Goes a little somethin like this!" "Can I get a yes" (4X) 	"Just lean on me" -> Kane *cut n scratched* [Big Daddy Kane] "Can I get a yes?" No "Why?" I ain't happy Cause I came back for these troubles to grab me And they've gotten a hold on me My oh my, things ain't what they used to be Looks to me like Eastside got problems Now it's time to see what we can do to solve them Change for the better, letter New rule be enforced in school so we can get rid of all the bad apples in the bunch Clean up the wall and cook better lunch Put the students in class where they should be to stop roamin the halls, and oh could we PLEASE, eliminate the drug situation Stop smokin and get an education Point blank, let's change the whole scenery You need help? Well hey, lean on me 	"Just lean on me" -> Kane *cut n scratched* "LEAN ON ME!" -> 2X "Whattaya do in a situation like this?" 	"Special mix" "Please! Like this.. like this.." "Whattaya do in a situation like this?" 	"Like this" -> *cut n scratched* "Goes a little somethin like.. like.." [Big Daddy Kane] Whattaya do in a situation like this? Get tough - or get dissed The job is yours to play the boss enforce the laws because the source is knowledge, wanna go to college? Or wannabe GARBAGE? It's up to do so what you gonna do I-I prefer to learn, cause this is for your own concern You gotta-you gotta earn, however the world turns So wake up-wake up, to put some sense in your head Don't be-don't be mislead, use your brain instead Because-because a brother like me, can't understand you playin yourself cheap, like a soggy old Pamper Since I'm-Since I'm around, I'm destined and bound to resurrect and perfect the entire school around the whole-the whole entourage, a class so large under Joe Clark, "I am the head [nigga] in charge!" The man-the man with the master plan for discipline Makin changes-makin changes, no matter what we twist or bend You may not-you may not understand what this mean to me But for your-but for your own good.. just lean on me 	"Just-just-just-just" "for your own good"	"special mix" "You may not understand what this mean to me  But for your own good.. just lean on me" 	"Just lean on me" -> *cut n scratched* "Big Daddy Kane, a teacher.." (4X) 	"Special mix" "Goes a little somethin like this!" ..	"Special mix" (2X) "Goes a little somethin like.. like.." "Big Daddy Kane, a teacher.." *cut n scratched 2X* "..teachin a lesson" *cut n scratched 2X* "..teachin a lesson to be heard, that's word" "Can I hear a yes?" (2X) [Big Daddy Kane] "Can I hear a yes?" YES! "Why?" Things are better And we are finally, workin together in unity, and you're soon to see Eastside High as a better place to be The students, the pupils, have morals and scruples Our learning ability is increased quadrupled And we're off to a brand new start I played my part to prove that you're smart and it's proven, but I ain't movin, I won't be gone I'm here, when you need someone to lean on So take heed to this as a blessing and remember.. ain't no "HALF-STEPPIN" Get in full gear, I'm sure that you'll care in the long run, when you got pull here That means AUTHORITY "R-E-S-P-E-C-T" Word! So let knowledge uproot ya Go for yours, cause we are the future The ones who rise to supremecy And if you ever need a hand, just lean on me * more cuttin, scratchin, and samples to fade* The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Big Daddy Kane Album: Taste of Chocolate Song: Taste of Chocolate Intro Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Yeah.. You know, 1990 begins a new decade and since I got paid and blew up like a live grenade It's been a three, four year stretch And I'd just like to thank all of you Mmm.. And this goes to everybody in the entire world That means the United States, overseas in the U.K. Way in Brazil, Japan, Africa, and everywhere else I just wanna dedicate this one to you Here's another groove that I'm bringin to you kind of mellow And I just want to say hello or should I say peace as I start to release The poetry that don't cease is never the least Your feet got to shuffle as I put the muscle in the groove cause I'm so smooth Once you experience a whole Kane rhyme I'll have you dancin in a Soul Train line Pick up the pace and get a taste of B-I-G D-A-double-D-Y Kane in the place Doin the job how you want it done with lyrics that's bright as the morning sun So grab one line, rub it on your face like sunshine and everything else'll combine This is that particular beat for all the fellows feelin mellow to pump in the Jeep Uhh, also for every girlie to shamiyo, shamago like Laverne and Shirley Huh, now wait, now wait, now wait a minute Uhh! Now check this I wanna talk about peace and unity and love Not one, but all of the above Comin together like keys on a piano Black and white to unite and oh man oh man what joy did we, find Hard for me to say it sometimes The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Big Daddy Kane Album: Taste of Chocolate Song: Cause I Can Do it Right Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Big Daddy Kane] Move over bacon there's somethin meatier A natural born lover with love to give free to ya Meatier, so all you bacon lovers move over Cause I'm so smooth they should call me Blackanova I'm not tryin to say that I'm number one I'm just a smooth operator that gets the job done So, let me lick you from head to toe Realllllllll slowwwwwwwww Cause ever since I was young I could keep girls sprung just by the movement of my tongue I remember it all started way back  in ummm... Kindergarten!! Some played with Lego's, some played with Play-Doh But I was feelin girls like a ripe tomato And now it's 1990 and you can find me as I dunk Lockin up girls like I want Yes I got a harem, but I don't share em I collect em like padium and MMM, you gotta see em Because the ladies is all I dream of And not even Anita Baker can give sweeter love You know why? 	Cause I can do it right (4X) 	Yesssss I can! [Big Daddy Kane] Step up girls and get somethin to treasure And welcome to the Smooth Operator's Palace of Pleasure And if you're wonderin if I want it -- I got a Kraftmatic with your name written on it I reminisce sayin I take em eight to eighty But I was just kiddin, no you have to be a lady Even if you're too young, with the hypest body I just don't go to a Similak party So all those of age, we can get intimate Bumper to bumper, so you can get your fender bent I treat girls just like pastry Mmmmmmmmm *smacks lips* Tasty! Very kinky when it comes to hanky panky A well known player, but not for the Yankees I won't say I'm the baddest or portray that role But I'm up to top two and my father's gettin old I'm takin love to a brand new height And if lovin girls is wrong I don't wanna be right Cause my man Babyface said that it's no crime And of course I'll work Diana Ross overtime You know why? 	Cause I can do it right (4X) 	Yesssss I can! [Big Daddy Kane] If I was on the movies I'd frame Roger Rabbit Play Spike Lee with Jessica, because She's Gotta Have It But I'm not an actor, I'm just a mack that charms girls as I whisper sweet nothings to attract her And bring about that feelin of passion to have her on my body like modern day fashion Layin next to me, in pure ecstasy You're like a door and you know that sex the key So send your man to the lost and found I'm bringin somethin that's world renowned In other words - good lovin that's major I got girls in more areas than a SkyPager Runnin around sayin, "Please me, please me, please me" That's why I say it ain't easy But I've been able to maintain my status with ladies mackin without if's and's or maybe's And other players just can't understand it And couldn't keep they girls even if they were branded I always end up with them on my shelf *SMACK* I gotta jump back and kiss myself You know why? 	Cause I can do it right (4X) 	Yesssss I can! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Big Daddy Kane Album: Taste of Chocolate Song: It's Hard Being the Kane Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Uhh! Put your weight on it Uhh, and uh, Prince Paul, bring me on and uh Aiyyo Botch, bring me on and uh Mad Money Murph just bring me on and uh Just bring me on, yo This is a world premier and I'm here A presentation beyond compare So MC's step to the rear as I break through Girls say ooh and then skip to my loo That means dance as I get smooth with Poetic perfection that you can groove with Just like a passenger, hurry and fasten your seatbelt cause I'm about to start broadcastin the words of wisdom, so turn up the system loud and clear, I don't want no one to miss one word to be heard never blurred or slurred The preferred is absurd, all the damage that's occured As I break MC's like a lumberjack Ain't no comin back, you can't get none of that I'm not the type of MC to be merciful So if your name ain't Jermaine take it personal Cause like a vigilante I'm gonna kill off any sucker MC that tries to withstand me With the mic in my hand I start flowin then all competition flee and start goin in the other direction, run for protection Cause I can burn an MC like an erection You're too small kid, don't get involved with the verbal law for the Nation of Islam Wisdom I speak makes your head nod Showin I got the power, and that's from bein born the God But many doubt my Knowledge of Self But they're just illiterate, so I don't consider it Feedin off poison that's pollutin their mind and that's the reason I don't swine I gotta maintain, accelerate my brain and god damn, it's hard being the Kane Give it to me! C'mon! C'mon! Uhh! Give it to me! Give it here! Give it to me! Yeah.. This is the proper way man should use ink But you're at your brink and your rhymes are extinct Just like a dinosaur, but you never find a more cause mine'll keep sellin on wax like some kind of whore Let me inject this, flow of electric currency for all the party people preferrin me and spectatin like a tourist, cause you never saw this style of rap kickin like Chuck Norris But this ain't Kung-Fu, no I just brung you a style, that phony MC's were too young to digest, when I manifest, you adolescent So sit back, relax, be glad you had a lesson And this one's for your listenin pleasure Somethin for all the bitin MC's to treasure Just like a diary, for you to admire me before you're put in the Dead Poet's Society Cool as a draft, droppin math in a paragraph I laugh as the wrath break in half, your whole staff But many MC's were able to retreat Runnin like an athlete, but I got bad feet So I don't chase ya, nor do I wait to face ya Nah it ain't in my nature I just rip shop, flip-top, and watch MC's get dropped as I manifest in hip-hop Rhymes I construct are tough like a Tonka truck And just like lightnin they struck down on all the toy MC's that annoy That's how I build and destroy The poetic printer, rough rhyme inventor with a groove so smooth you can't help but get into So I'm advisin competition to flee cause I can bake an MC like Chef Boyardee Holdin my own on the microphone Cause I break bones just like sticks and stones So let it rain let it rain as I put em in pain God damn, it's hard bein the Kane! Give it to me! Get up! Come on! Uhh! Give it to me! Come on! Give it to me! Yeahhh Put in a pause, because here's the holocaust Above all laws, in effect and all yours Cause I came to blaze a taste of bass of grace A replace, erase the waste without a trace My vocabulary will just have you very dazed and amazed so I fear no adversary -- that means competition They can't even touch this, even with ammunition Break out the gauge and go into an outrage and I'ma still blow up the stage Cause this is a death threat, but don't let your sweat get in the way of your vision don't be missin when I get set to go on a rampage, start a one man rage Total destruction as I rip up the damn stage And leave it in ruins from the damage that I'm doin to prepare the atmosphere, as I put you in the mood for the Smooth Operator to start this flow And so.. I crushed and crushed and stomped the comp that tried to get fly and face the ace I put em in place Proceed em, retreat em, defeat em, delete em, and feed em, and eat em and all the rest of that good stuff, cause I don't need em Only one survivor can remain And god damn, it's got to be the Kane! Get up! Give it to me! Give it here! C'mon! C'mon! Give it to me! Uhh! Put your weight on it The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Big Daddy Kane f/ Gamilah Shabazz Album: Taste of Chocolate Song: Who Am I Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash "I was born.." [Big Daddy Kane] A black man from the motherland Speakin a language today most people don't understand where no one could bother me cause I had freedom, justice, and equality But then one day it was tooken away and I was shipped to the U.S.A. A young brother, made into a slave to harvest the midlands and clean the chittlins Given a new name, new religion No freedom to vote, not even to make a decision I saw my peoples, sold raped and took out The rest of that stuff that Alex Haley talks about They said I'm not from Asia I'm from Africa And all the blacks there now are just scavengers That's the way my mind was poisoned to believe that in America blacks are inferior A weak mind and a body of swine only adds up to being - deaf dumb and blind Illiterate to who where what and why So I ask myself: who am I? "I was born.." [Big Daddy Kane] A native New Yorker on the streets Known for rockin rhymes to real rough beats that I found in the attic, noisy with static A sound that made me, a hip-hop fanatic I made a few songs that sold OK Never top 20 or plenty airplay I came out hardcore, flexin cock diesel Saw a little cash, and pop goes the weasel I had to make that change and rearrange my whole rap format, no hardcore rap So now all the pop charts I rule over New Kids on the Block and Paula Abdul, huh I thought I made it, then my song faded and none of the black stations ever have played it I tried to blame it on MTV and say, "Damn, they cold played me for Young MC" But when you get down to it, I'm the real blame because I wanted the fame Money is not only the root of all evil It's also the destruction of black people, so conjunction junction, what's your function? Bein a scout, or sellin out? Look in the mirror at yourself, eye to eye and say: who am I? [Gamilah Shabazz] A solid change, have to rearrange this strange feelin I'm feelin, so appealin I am having to deal with Time to forget the myth, of bein black and a woman Can't get ahead, walkin on a thread, a tightrope Can't cope, don't be a dope, have a little bit of hope Runnin your scope on affairs You have to be aware, don't flare up Let your cup runneth over I'm not Irish, don't need a donut to fill up my dish nor two mango wish to wish on a star, they're so far Anyway I'm thinkin about today, not tomorrow I'm not a follower of anyone My time has come, it's already here My message is clear Like the women of long ago, I am also here also to show, I have the courage Have the strength, I'm for equal opportunity no matter the life, length of time Show me a sign, should I rely on a subliminal message, should I question what would seem to be, life's told me? Yes indeed, so let me speak [Big Daddy Kane] And that's comin from the daughter of Malcolm X So black women put it in your texts so you can never let, opportunity pass you by or even ask yourself, who am I? The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Big Daddy Kane Album: Taste of Choclate Song: Dance With the Devil Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash C'mon.. * echoes * Swing your partner, I'm about to start the dance across the land, the Kane will scar the people of our community, cause we're soon to see the future of the world to be without unity So brothers and sisters, let's check our history to reveal what's been hidden a mystery Because we're headed for self-destruction And you know that the government, doesn't give a (fuck) when one black brother sells another one dope And he can't cope, so he dies without hope Many of us live on this level Mislead victims who dance with the devil 	"Dance with the devil" 	"Dance dance with the devil" * repeat both 4X * Guns are bein bought over the counter like candy Comin in handy for chumps to act manly Once before they were only for the law But no more for sure, lookin at a L.A. gun war Even in Brooklyn, lives are bein tooken The Bronx is dyin while the box is steady cookin Capsule after capsule, settin a trap to destroy all our kind without a hassle I couldn't kill my brother, about a color or cocaine, not even over a rope chain In this world I'm considered a rap rebel to correct those who dance with the devil 	"Dance with the devil" 	"Dance dance with the devil" * repeat both 4X * There's no survival Bodies come in D.O.A, Dead On Arrival Everytime someone ships in artillery begins the game wonderin who will the killer be There's no war, so the Navy must wanna see drugs and guns shift into our country So we can shoot each other and sell each other death and imprison all the other ones left So it's time to start to rise We can't be uncivilized, we gotta realize that bein the baddest doesn't matter when your life is had So let Michael Jackson be _Bad_ No time to devestate, we gotta elevate to a higher level.. than dancin with the devil 	"Dance dance with the devil" 	"Dance with the devil" This is the dance with the devil! 	"Dance with the devil" 	"Dance dance with the devil" * repeat both 4X * Lookin at the fall of our new generation makes me wonder about the Emancipation Proclamation We're considered to be free, but did slavery devour when we're still slaves to mental death and power Misled and unknowin, people are goin more and more beneath, instead of growin +Express Yourself+, was said by N.W.A. so stop givin trouble a play Because those who chose to oppose never rose they all froze at thirty-two degrees to enemies that already tricked em and made em fall victim Mmmmm, mmmmm, mmmmm, just look at them What we need is peace and love and more love but I don't see none of the above So one for the bass and two for the treble (come on y'all) Don't "dance with the devil" 	"Dance with the devil" 	"Dance dance with the devil" * repeat both 4X * 	"Dance with the devil".. 	"Dance with the devil".. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Big Daddy Kane Album: Taste of Chocolate Songs: No Damn Good Typed by: jostmatt@bgb.ch {Big Daddy Kane:}   Hey, you know, [Name]   I'm findin it very hard to understand   The lifestyle of young ladies today {Male voice:}   Yo, they're hard to figure out, gee   They need a sincere leader {Big Daddy Kane:}   You know, I've heard it said   You gotta use what you got to get what you want   But I think they're usin a little bit too much when they flaunt   You know   [Name], you know, ehm   I don't understand the way these girls is rolling today, man   How about you, man? {Male voice:}   Yo, let me tell you somethin, gee   If they ain't lying they tryin to do some other - wildness {Big Daddy Kane:}   I know, I know   It's like girls promisin you Thomas's   And can't even cook toast, right?   What I'm tryin to tell you, man, is...   They just ain't no damn good   No damn good   Check it out [Verse 1] Now there's this girl named Monique The type of female that you consider a freak A big-time player playin like a drum beat You think her address is 21 Hump Street She step out every night to swing With her Lee press-on's and a nefertiti ring Bamboo earrings all big and lookin silly With extensions hangin down like Milli Vanilli And every Wednesday night at the Apollo First kid she saw with jewerly she'd follow And Monique would be ready to sleep With the first kid in a Benz or a Cherokee Jeep Strung out and givin up the nappy dug out You're on the critical list, about to pull the plug out So here, nympho, here's some good info Stop takin em putts and close your legs, toots Cause I remember you was one of a kind and a fine - hm I once was infatuated by the things that you do But now you're doodoo It's all about respectin yourself In order to gain respect from anyone else Treat yourself like a real woman should Cause bitch, you ain't no damn good   That's right, there's a lotta young ladies out here   That just ain't no damn good {Female voice:}   But hold up minute   There's a lotta guys out there that ain't no damn good either {Big Daddy Kane:}   Oh yeah? {Female voice:}   Yeah, cause I had to tell one the other night   That his thing had too many 'nots' in it {Big Daddy Kane:}   What you mean by too many 'nots'? {Female voice:}   Not big enough, not hard enough, and not long enough {Big Daddy Kane:}   Yeah, aight   But check this here out [Verse 2] Well now, here's another story About this kid by the name of Corey A hustler with game tryin to make a name That was his aim, but his lifestyle was lame Cause he would front like it wasn't even funny About his girl, his car, and his money Pullin out a knot every place But every single bill had Washington's face And he went beyond exaggeration To lie about his means of transportation Because he said he had a Benz car Come to find out, it was his friend's car Talk about simple chronic halitosis Damn, his breath was ferocious He had an odor that just won't quit Smelled like he washed in Oil Of Oh shit Tellin girls he's daddy long-strokin (Shit, you must be jokin) Cause he ain't got no bitches And couldn't hurt a virgin if her pussy had stitches See, Corey, there's a lot you're missin Seems to me, you ain't got a pot to piss in So let's get one thing understood Muthafucka, you ain't no damn good {Prince Paul:} The moral of the story is The majority of the population of males and females today Are just no damn good The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Big Daddy Kane f/ Barry White Album: Taste of Chocolate Song: All of Me Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Barry White] Let's.. get busy.. Daddy Kane [Big Daddy Kane] You know B.W. I've heard it said that a woman is a man's greatest gift [Barry White] Sure you're right [Big Daddy Kane] And success ain't nothin unless you have someone to share it with [Barry White] Mmmmm, so true, so true I've always felt that.. it's great to achieve in life Not having someone other than yourself to share it with it is, uhh.. [Big Daddy Kane] Sho' YOU'RE right [Barry White] .. quite sad [Big Daddy Kane] In my case, I may have found someone (mmm) I want, all, of that someone [Barry White] Yeah, I know what you mean Well I'll tell you my friend Just, communicate with her And always say what you mean and mean what you say because, it's her that you want.. all of me Aoww .. [Big Daddy Kane] Come here baby Come bring ALL of you to me When I say I want all of you I mean I want all of you from your head to your feet (mmm) I wanna taste everything from your lipstick to your toenail polish [Barry White] C'mere Kane brother [Big Daddy Kane] I want you.. I want you.. I want to hold you, I want to massage you I want to comfort you, I want to sooth.. you (mm!) You know the way you're standin still there I just wanna lay on the floor and make love to your shadow (A-heh) Sounds silly don't it? [Barry White] Not really [Big Daddy Kane] But for real, let me come on over there Run my fingers through your hair Hold your Nair, and undo that brassiere My dear [Barry White] Daddy Kane [Big Daddy Kane] Because tonight girl, all of me wants, all of you Ohhhhhhh 	Meeeeeeee, all of meeeeeeee 	Wants allllllllll of youuuuuuuuuu 	Let's start tonight, I know you're right 	Over and over and over 	Let's do it now, you show me how 	Over and over and over again [Barry White] Oh I can tell you're serious aren't you? I'm glad to see that you feelin, this way that there's somebody in this world that.. make you want to give up that kind of commitment Love is such a beautiful thing when it's, equally shared [Big Daddy Kane] Tell em Maestro [Barry White] When two people, find the same common ground They call it, having, so much in common Making love is one of things that people, these days seem to find too common [Big Daddy Kane] Communicate B.W. [Barry White] Sho' you right So I want you to know, that I really feel that you gonna make it all the way with this young lady You got my love, my respect You're bad.. young man, you're bad 	Meeeeeeee, all of meeeeeeee [Kane] Ooh baby, mmm 	Wants allllllllll of youuuuuuuuuu [Kane] All of you 	Let's start tonight, I know you're right [Kane] Oh, yeahhhh 	Over and over and over 	Let's do it now, you show me how [Kane] Can we do this? 	Over and over and over again [Kane] And over and over and over and over 	Meeeeeeee, all of meeeeeeee [Kane] Yes love, all, of me 	Wants allllllllll of youuuuuuuuuu [Kane] I want you 	Let's start tonight, I know you're right [Kane] Mmmmm, sho' you right 	Over and over and over 	I want it now, come show me how [Kane] Come show me 	Over and over and over again 	Meeeeeeee, all of meeeeeeee 	Wants allllllllll of youuuuuuuuuu [Kane] I want you from head to toe 	Let's start tonight, I know you're right 	Over and over and over The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Big Daddy Kane Album: Taste of Chocolate Song: Keep 'Em on the Floor Typed by: jostmatt@bgb.ch 1-2-3 Give it to me Get on the dancefloor Start to clap your hands for The smooth operator, what more can your ask for The musical maestro That's usin the mic so I can spark up the entire place like nitro- Glycerine because the crowd is sizzlin Bobbin they heads to what's said and still listenin I specialize in fun And I must know what's happenin cos you're dancin like re-run So behold the natural born soul, a rhythm To get em and hit em as I party with em My job is to make you all feel this But i'm not don cornelius I'm just a new black cesar here to please ya, ease ya Movin and groovin, provin, soothin at your leisure I don't sing or yell But my rhymes reach out and touch more people than Ma Bell The brain of the Kane's so intelligent You think dancin is irrelevant And start stompin like a elephant But that's not necessary, just let the beat carry You into somethin funkadelic That might best describe The musical vibe you feel when I arrive From the moment I walk through the door I gotta keep em on the floor Get up and dance and move your body across the floor Go on and do your thing until you're feelin sore (I can't dance no more) Get on up and dance (Let's dance) Get on up and dance (Give it here) Get on up and dance (Funky) Look You came in the disco Thinkin it would be just low But i'ma make sure you enjoy this show You won't have a chance to sit down (Get down) And listen to rhymes that go the mile like a marathon A voice that's choice, as strong as sarah vaugh Swift delivery flowin like a river be Flowin, but only ladies know my tongue is that slippery I grab the mic and then we'll see Who can d-a-n-c-e Makin the crowd roar for more of what they saw And I'm sure that I can keep em on the floor {Chorus} Oh Feel like i'm down here by myself sometimes I'm ready to break this groove down You're ready So I'ma let the music just stop And we gon' get into our own thing for a minute here You're ready Break it down Keep on dancin (Keep on dancin) (Dance) Bring in paramedics to relieve the Trace of this bad case of dance fever Cos I can feel the disco heat gettin to me While the sweat got my silk drawers stickin to me But I can't stop, I gotta party Like a gun on the dancefloor and catch a body I might move real smooth Then again dance real silly Just like a hillbilly As i make sure the beat is kept So all the party people stay in step Become a slave to the rhythm Grab someone of the opposite sex and dance with em Put your partner on the floor and face em That shows a positive sign of unification And if all party goers could make this move We'd be one nation under a groove So let's try this, stop the violence That can only result in peace from what I sense To be straight to the point A little love and harmony - mh (it's the joint) So build a nation, pump the bass and The treble beyond the level of imagination So the Big Daddy Kane can endure And the name of this tune is Keep Em on the Floor (Everybody get up) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Big Daddy Kane Album: Taste of Chocolate Song: Mr. Pitiful Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Big Daddy Kane] Mmm.. mmm, yeah Oh I like this I wanna tell this story A little story about umm.. .. a brother who you would think has everything goin for himself But apparently for some reason he just ain't happenin I call this brother Mr. Pitiful I wanna tell you somethin about him, check it out The story begins in 1984 when I met the BizMarkie out in front of the store He used to tell me all the time, "Yo your lyrics is hype We got to get together and make a record of some type" I said, "Man, the hype behind Run-D.M.C. and Cool J What the fuck makes you think they're gonna give us a play?" We did a few shows together, freestylin on stage Manhattan and Long Island, for Mike and Dave After that, I was convinced we can do it until my man Biz jetted and came out with "Make the Music.." From right there, I said, "Man, this shit is real Look at Biz in the new leather and a pair of spot bills" I got to give it to you Dukes, I was wrong Well you out there now, so put my black ass on and sure enough, huh, in about a year's time I was R-A-W, goin for mine Droppin jams that slammed on every radio program And bam, GOD DAMN, look where I am The first album, _Long Live the Kane_, it sold about umm.. AWW FUKKIT it went gold The money was comin in, yes I had done em in It wasn't quite hard for me to find a woman then Cause I was in demand for lots of fans A sexy chocolate guy in the public eye I bought myself a condo out in Queens A plush white Volvo and drove off the scene But I remained the same since I moved out for instance - drinkin Olde E and Guinness Stout And also, hangin out with the troops Most of all, takin care of Ma Dukes Then all of a sudden things started to change And many old friends started actin strange Behind my back, sayin I'm soft and a sucker Some even said, "Yo let's rob the motherfucker" And family members askin for my papers But Biz set them straight, by makin "The Vapors" Girls cryin pregnant, to get some of my green I'm like, "What the fuck is this? Billie Jean?" People harassin me, steadily askin me dis or dat, some even had the audacity to say that I only liked light-skinned women Tchk, huh, are you kiddin? Cause I love everyone and I never act prejudiced to none But for some reason people make my lifestyle so critical That's why they call me Mr. Pitiful A few people know what I'm sayin Hmm, to the Little Daddy Shane, you know what I mean and to my man Cool V, you know what I mean To T.J. Swan, you know what I mean and to Scoob and Scrap, you know what I mean To Rob Base and E.Z. Rock, you know what I mean The Magnum Force, you know what I mean And to the playboys, you know what I mean To Shemp Shawn, you know what I mean and the F.M.C., you know what I mean Can't forget Miv, you know what I mean Godfather D, you know what I mean My man Doug E. Fresh, you know what I mean and the fifty dollar crew from Canada know what I mean But most of all I can't forget my man Biz-Mar-KIE And may I send this to A.J. Quest, Rest In Peace ?? The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Big Daddy Kane Album: Taste of Chocolate Song: Put Your Weight on It Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash One for the ace and two for the deuce If you're ready Mister Cee cut the record real loose and uhh, test test test test, oh yes I wanna bless the mic, I caress with finesse Back off the microphone, you can't wreck it none I'm like a nine, and you're just a Naked Gun Some type of new jack, steppin in the area kind of reminds me of Eddie Murphy, Coming to America But you can't approach this, rhymes are too ferocious Do the knowledge as I quote this Freddie Krueger, walkin on Kane's street Five chapters and I still ain't been beat Bout time I turned the microphone loose Anyone after me is just an excuse Even the level of the devil or Exorcist can't get next to this This is mayhem, so competition, say when You're thinkin that you're ready, so I can just play him or them, no matter the quan-tity, you don't want to be in this battle, so just flee Cause I leave em panickin when I start damagin Kickin this swift, leaves you stiff, like a mannequin And frozen, this is a mind explosion as the chosen flows in, the competition throws in the towel, my sharp tongue is like a license I strike like Mike, Tyson I be icin Breakin the mic in half, just like a psychopath But still smooth and cool, just like a draft Leave the metro scared and petrol Ain't No Half-Steppin', so I don't sweat no MC cause Michael Jackson couldn't say it clearer My only comp is the man in the mirror So any pretender, you never been to the death zone, this is the wrath, do not enter These ain't the grounds for MC's to be wanderin These is the grounds that the Kane is conquerin Lyrics are bright and recite on the mic to excite delight, ignite, a bright light and a fright night for types who bite, to be quite like the man with mic swingin all tight, but can't get it right You're just a sloppy, cheap carbon copy Sent to ride off in the sun, said Kemosabi As the Kane remains everlasting With lyrics that's fast relief like aspirin So allow me to relieve, or breathe contact your brain and remain like hairweave Cause I can reach each participant with a speech that will teach, and have em hangin like a leach And yes still puttin rappers in fear So hold it right there, cause this is a nightmare As I cause a killer scene, and cut like a guillotine Any thoughts you had about winnin is still a dream Or more like a fantasy, tell me why can't you see There ain't a way that you can touch or stand on me You talk about how many rappers you slayed But I'm like a renegade, so I never been afraid so don't say hi to this Asiatic descendant Just say peace and everything'll be splendid Peace! Mister Cee, put your weight on it Boy put your weight on it, put your weight on it Put your weight on it Put your weight on it Mister Cee, put your weight on it! I'm outta here! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Big Daddy Kane f/ Rudy Ray Moore Album: Taste of Chocolate Song: Big Daddy vs. Dolemite Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Big Daddy Kane] Mmm.. ohh yeah Mmm, mmm, mmm, ohh yeah Allow me to introduce myself as the Big Daddy Kane A smooth lover from around the way that's bound to drive any bitch insane [Dolemite (Rudy Raw Moore)] Well Dolemite is my name And rappin and tappin is my game [Kane] Oh yeah? Well me tell you somethin Mr. Dolemite The shit you talkin years ago, I could see But it's the 90's now and rap is all about me [Dolemite] Listen.. when it comes down to rappin I was THROUGH with it before you learned what to do with it I'm the KING so I'm stakin my claim in the rappin game Y'know? For all players, I am the speaker I'm also known as the hot pussy seeker When it comes down to ridin up and down in some pussy I make it weaker Also it gets a little deeper I was walkin down Broadway the other day An old old lady came my way She said, "I'll be glad when you 'come 18 I'm gonna give you a funkin like you ain't never seen!" I said, "LADY! Why wait for so much time to pass? I've been WANTIN to tear up yo' old gray ass" So I pulled out my dick It was so shiny it looked like it was painted The hoe took one look and damn near fainted I stuck it in the bitch and the bitch began to shout that, "Oh Mr. Dolemite, take that motherfucker OUT!" [Kane] Well you ain't sayin nothin slick to a can of oil I walked barefoot from New York to Dallas Won for Pimp of the Year at the Caesar's Palace Made a big snowstorm on the 4th of July And drunk the waters in the Atlantic Ocean til that shit was dry I was makin money before Washington was put on a bill And I kicked Jack's ass and took his hoe Jill I'm the one who broke the bull's back and made people say FUCK McDonald's and call ME the Big Mac [Dolemite] Why you long lanky motherfucker You ain't nothin but a sucker! I was born in a barrel of butcher knives Shot in the ass with two Colt .45's I've been slapped by a bear and bit by an eel I chew up railroad iron, and shit out steel! I jumped in the ocean and swallowed a whale Handcuff lightning and throw THUNDER's ass in jail [Kane] Why you ignorant decrepit motherfucker Let me tell you somethin I'm the one that put the M in mackin Because when you did it you was only actin I made pimpin a full time job so bitches wouldn't have to go out and rob I made the streets of New York hot as a SAUNA And hung a Home Sweet Hoe sign on every corner Yes I'm the player of all players and the mack of all macks Give a headache to Excedrin and knock the SHIT out of Ex-Lax [Dolemite] Why you insecure no business barn junkyard rat soup eatin motherfucker!! It was in the early 1960's when I originated my pimpin game I was callin whores jives ass bitches and pimps - sucker ass lame KANE, before you can take my reign You gotta cook me a chicken and a half a day Walk from New York to Los Angeles and throw the bones away You gotta be BORN BLIND and cannot see Yo' bitches have the POCKS in the ass so bad they can't even pee Ride a bald eagle a million feet in the AIR And get out and do the runnin man while you up there Have the Mumps and the Asiastic Flu And the Crabs around yo' ass start singin the Yankee Doodle Doo! [Kane] Aww fuckit I give up The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Big Daddy Kane (and the whole crew) Album: Taste of Chocolate Song: Down the Line Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Kane] Okay, okay, okay, okay Attention to the whole crew Scoob Lover, Scrap Lover, I don't need your dancin Mister Cee I don't need you on the turntables Ant Live I don't need you collectin the dough And Little Daddy since you my brother get yo' ass on in here Cause we gettin ready to take things down the line Here we go one time Prepare yourself for MC terror And don't make the error of tryin to come near a rapper so smooth and swift with the gift of gab to grab the mic, cause I'm sorta like Vincent Price, but you never been so nice So back up off me, I'm seperatin men from mice Kickin ass in every committee, city to city Until both shoes are city The regulator innovator dominator creator of data Plus an imitator assassinator Lyrics don't display a too don sweet Hard as concrete, and always on beat Steppin to this, you're not allowed You keep frontin on the stage like you're rockin the crowd Snatchin the microphone real proud But your rhymes are so booty you should write em on White Cloud So next up down the line, Scrap Lover [Scrap Lover] Aiy-aiy-yo, the microphone's mine But I prefer peace, so the road'll get rough when a toy MC, gets the heart to pull a bluff and there's no laughter, cause the one that I'm after is smashed, for that reason you have to make sure each and every lyric is harmless Cause if not, you won't be able to calm this Brother from Brooklyn, made to fit a groove And prepared for the unexpected, to make a move So put up your girl, and let's see who's in trouble troop And if you got a sister, then make it a double scoop The capital S the C, the R-A-P stands for me, cause I'm the only MC with an original rap style You disagree, you get put on the Scrap pile So stay off the set, with George and Jet-son You never seen a dancer who rapped well you met one Now spin the Wheel of Fortunes or be wise and stay back Co-host my show, like Pat and don't Sa-jak shit or get ate like oats and barley Save your Sweat for Keith, and the Beef for Charlie So next up, goin down the line, Scoob Lover [Scoob Lover] Yo, the microphone's mine It's the S y'all, to the C y'all, double-O B y'all Well god damn it's me y'all Jump back, kiss myself, I'm so fly Sip a brew or two, cause yo, I don't get high I might wave hi.. .. at a pretty young girl that walk by But yo, you all that, you can't stop? A-with the weave in your head like a mop? You must know karate, cause your face look chopped Now back to the subject of the matter I eat a lot of food, but I won't get fatter Let me see I'm slim, my hair is well trimmed And when I'm low-key I throw on a brim But I'm not conceited, when hangin out I need it For when trouble comes then I never have to meet it I'm intellectually spoken, I'm not jokin What are you, smokin? You be hopin wishin and prayin to be like Scoob but what are you sayin? Well it takes style, charisma, class Fuck up on the Lover, and I bust your ass So next up, movin down the line Mister Cee [Mister Cee] Yo, the microphone's mine Mission, to make DJ's feel the wrath So here's a paragraph, written on behalf of the ruler, dictator, DJ ambassador Makin a massacre, you couldn't last through a round of combat, where my left arm's at My mouth with the mic in my hand, when I attack I shake and bake or fake a snake Take em and make em ache and flake, I break like an earthquake When I erupt, MC's I corrupt, to be blunt I'ma tear shit up So next up goin down the line The Little Daddy Shane [Little Daddy Shane] The mic is all mine MC's crawl by when they see this tall guy Six foot three huh, nobody's small fry The Little D-A double-D Y The S-H-A-N-E, yes it's me You better believe there's no comp and I'm certain So if you try to battle me, then it's cur-tains I'm no joke, the wrong one to provoke One false move and KERRRRRR-ROAK! So take it easy and slide on greasy Cause I'm more rougher than hair when it's peasy I'm more rougher than steak when it's raw So keep that in mind, mon cherie amore Cause I'm a lover you find quite young And Brooklyn New York, is where I'm from So keep it on and you don't quit That supercalafragilisticexpalidopeshit So next up down the line, Ant Live [Ant Live] Yo, the microphone's mine Yeah I took it, I ain't gonna give it back And it's a fact that I can swing, I'm not a new jack Got the mic in a chokehold, you won't hear a peep Then I put it to sleep I see a lot of brothers got raisins in the place Not Al Pacino, I don't need a Scarface But I know, if some shit goes down I'll turn the whole New York into Bucktown A 'Face ain't real Scar'red, cause I real hard And I ain't no bullshit bodyguard Walk the streets to New York and stay alive All I need is my loaded four-five And sweet and deadly like a killer beehive And I can stalk in Fort Greene park and survive.. And my name is Ant Live [Big Daddy Kane] Now that's what I'm talkin bout That's EXACTLY what I'm talkin bout Put your weight on it fellas Anyway you can get back to work now Get back to your god damn jobs And we outta here, love peace and hairgrease The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Big Daddy Kane Album: Prince of Darkness Song: Prince of Darkness Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Intro: Give it here... uhh Mic testing one two Right about now I wanna have a little fun with this and just talk a little bit of junk ya know Be-because it's OK, ya know, it's OK to brag and boast from time to time, ain't nothin wrong with that So I'm gonna have a little fun with it Check the Prince of Darkness y'all, here we go [Verse One] Four times for your mind the poetically inclined genuine and divine can still climb When you thought that I wouldn't go the length But I cup a cameo and I still got strength So make room cause I'm sweepin up like a broom Cause I'm the straight up wholly original yeah that's right mmm hmm To be blunt and lay my cards on the table You'll be Gone With the Wind for messin with Dark Gable In comes the era of the chocolate types Like your Bobby Brown, Aaron Hall and Wesley Snipes Including myself in the cipher the Big Daddy Kane is a part of it AKA, your prince of darkness [Verse Two] When it comes to the girls they know the program Cause when I get through it's pure Silence of the Lambs So ladies grab a hand and join the caravan That's bein ran by the hoochie cooche man Then don't miss a breath of my kiss of death An A plus in lust while your boyfriend is a F I come tellin you Tales From the Darkside And seperate the men from their women like Apartheid You say am I a, vam-pire That will react to ya just like Blackula But when I say Prince of Darkness I don't mean a blood sucker I'm talkin about a black lover So mysterious and serious the women are curious so when I walk inside of a place it's like "Ooh, there he is!" But slow down, there's enough of me to go 'round Huh, I'm givin girls more Temptations than Motown And tonight's the night for me to get right and give girls the feeling of love at first bite So here's a lesson of what the don art is Taught by the big you know, Prince of Darkness [Verse Three] Stop, hold up, pause, quit Change the groove and funk it up a little bit Now back to the subject of how the Kane became the bigger modern day mama wild deep Now the question is do I really carry it Huh, well baby I swing low like sweet chariot Still a few of them thought that I was lame And then the big brown shah came! So let me send a dark shadow right through ya to prepare you for all of the kniky things I'm gonna do to ya And yes my dear if you got the goods Then you might just see my face up in your neck of the woods Ahh word life y'all, a word life y'all That's how I, shoot off arms just like a rifle So just, pass the mic and let me spark this So you can say that it's been blessed by the Prince of Darkness The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Big Daddy Kane Album: Prince of Darkness Song: The Lover in You Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Take it from the man that does it real smooth All that, "Yo baby yo baby," it's.. it's-it's-it's not the move You gotta treat em with respect, never neglect Try to protect, most of all, project some intellect Present yourself all proper is important if you truly do want her So be a gentlemen, and be in her corner Make her feel like the most For example -- forget Goodfellas, and take her to see Ghost Wine and dine under candlelight Make the mood right tonight while the stars are bright Then hop in the hot tub and start to rub her on her back Tssssh, yeah they like that Satisfaction guaranteed We gotta give the woman what she need These days, they don't be fallin for no phony Casanova since they started watchin Oprah So even if it's not your style Open the door for them once in a while Even buyin them some flowers don't hurt Yeah it sounds old fashioned.. but it works! Conversation, good communication only makes things better in a relation Cause if you keep watchin the game every week You might find out your wife's gettin dunked by Dominique And that can be so upsettin So try a little Tenderness like Otis Redding Put the gangster approach on pause and I dedicate this to you and yours 	This is for the lover in you 	The lover in you, babe, the lover in you (2X) Now, what I'm gonna do to keep the flame warm is sing a better love song than Jeffery Osborne Serenade a double, what I mean is a couple that might wanna hug and snuggle and then kiss and say I love you Cause I think it's best to get a little affectionate Matter of fact fellas, I would suggest you give your woman the treatment of a queen and supply her with some of that Babyface routine, know what I mean? T-E-N-D-E-R L-O-V-I-N-G C-A-R-E You figure that out, and keep it in mind While I bring the chorus back for ya one more time 	This is for the lover in you 	The lover in you, babe, the lover in you (2X) (One two three!) I wanna do somethin freaky to you Take you to a level that you never been to Cause no one knows where the nose goes when the doors close, so take off your pantyhose I wanna see you moan and groan as I nibble on your bodily parts as I proceed to jump your bones And put your feet up here my dear So I can lick upon your toes until your Revlon dissapear The passion between will be so incredible as I prove that a woman is edible So if you're game for havin a ball Ladies, I send this out to y'all 	This is for the lover in you 	The lover in you, babe, the lover in you (2X) 	This is for the lover in you 	The lover in you, babe, the lover in you (2X) 	This is for the lover in you.. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Big Daddy Kane Album: Prince of Darkness Song: Git Bizzy Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash 	Set it off Kane (go, go) get busy (go, go) 	* repeat 8X * [Big Daddy Kane] Who's that smooth fellow flowin to this tune? * Mister Cee scratches "Big Daddy" * Back so soon? The fact is, I never left Cause I'm everlastin and my rhymes keep blastin Soon as I pick up the pen and relate it to paper that's the beginning And for you Filthy McNasty MC's, that's the ending Cause when I grab the microphone just like a gun You know them doo-run-run-run, them doo-run-run Heh, I'm not your ordinary lyricist None'll compare at this, as far as raps, pssh,  I'm takin care of this I work the stage like a slavehand And keep the girls screamin just like Captain Caveman I did shows at the same arena that held Ike and Tina and the Chi-Lites, song have you seein her puttin me on after Jennifer Holiday, ain't no thing Because I still come off, after the fat lady sings 	Set it off Kane, get busy 	* repeat 4X * [Big Daddy Kane] Here we go, Shalamar style That means the Second Time Around so pump the sound As I progress to bless the mic and strike the stage Enraged arouse the crowd to jump and pump their fists and twist their waists with grace and clap and snap and move and groove cause I'm still, so, smooth If you compare the Big Daddy to a Caddy I'd be an Allante, suave as Belafonte Interplanetary and extraordinary (hmm, what about poetic?) Mmm, very! I've even heard it said that I was the ultimate Welllll.. maybe just a little bit And competition I'll explain to them that this don't even pertain to them to try to flow like this will crack your cranium So to the rear and let the Prince of Darkness spark this like a vampire, bloodthirsty, uhh, have mercy 	Set it off Kane, get busy 	* repeat 4X * .. [Big Daddy Kane] As we enter into the third half, for this paragraph I wanna take all of the people that's leaping along with this tune to another plateau they never been too -- as I continue with somethin funky to get into Give me a James Brown, Funkadelic, or Prince beat And watch me turn the microphone to minced meat I tear the roof off the mother as soon as my lips pucker cause I'm a bad mother *TWEET!!* 	Set it off Kane, get busy 	* repeat 8X * [Kane] I'm a baaaad man! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Big Daddy Kane Album: Prince of Darkness Song: Ooh, Aah, Nah-Nah-Nah Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Enquiring minds wanna know, did the champ retire So here I am, boomin like an amplifier I clear my throat, then I float like a boat Note for note, what I wrote you can't quote or even tote Raps are too heavy, sharp like a machete Pass the microphone, cause Kane is all ready Grippin to play the part to prove that I'm in command The Biggest Daddy of em all, and oh, Kane stands for King Asiatic, Nobody's Equal or Non-Equivalent, or Natural Ebony or Now Effective, or Never Ever Pick your definition and put it together Cause it still comes out tastin like chocolate With the finesse MC's never got with Cause none of them want me to touch the mic first They know that it only takes Kane one verse So here's the microphone, show me what you can do And uhh *yawning* wake me up when you're through Just so I can go and flow and throw a blow to show a pro and let em all know that any MC tryin to be this lyrical should go ask Smokey Robinson for a Miracle I wouldn't let a rapper go one round I'm knockin them down, just like Jim Brown So Mister Cee, let the music play And here's what I want y'all to say 	Ooh! (c'mon) Aah! (c'mon) 	Nah-Nah-Nah, Nana (c'mon like you should) 	Ooh! (c'mon) Aah! (c'mon) 	Nah-Nah-Nah, Nana (uhh!) 	Ooh! (oooh) Aah! (aaah) 	Nah-Nah-Nah, Nana (sing that song!) 	Ooh! (c'mon) Aah! (c'mon) 	Nah-Nah-Nah, Nana Here's a rap avalanche, MC's travel and run run for shelter, cause they don't have a chance Any MC caught talkin out of turn I straighten em out just like a perm Now let's take a second, just to recollect it Give a little shout to the rappers that's out Like all the East coast, MC's of today From Run-D.M.C. on down to Kid'n'Play The ladies like Salt-N-Pepa to Latifah who showed the power of a woman and me a believer Now backtrack with the musical jewel And say peace to the old school And all praises due to the L.A. crew You put your state on the map and kept bringin rap through I can't forget the brothers that's down in Miami You're still 2 Live if you never get a Grammy Cause personally I feel who really needs that stuff If you ask me, it's just a bunch of makeup There's a lot of caucasian kids that don't even know me Cause every Billy and Joey is another David Bowie I guess I used the wrong tools in my rhymes * "Superfreak" * Cause when I nailed my clock, it didn't say Hammer Time That's not a diss to my Oaktown friend Just tellin you how it is in the musical biz Cause I make sure that every rapper in the industry becomes a friend of me And Mister Cee, let the music play And here's what I want y'all to say 	Ooh! (oooh) Aah! (aaah) 	Nah-Nah-Nah, Nana (nanana) 	Ooh! (c'mon) Aah! (c'mon) 	Nah-Nah-Nah, Nana (c'mon won'tcha c'mon) 	Ooh! (ohhh) Aah! (uhhh) 	Nah-Nah-Nah, Nana (sing that song!) 	Ooh! Aah! 	Nah-Nah-Nah, Nana The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Big Daddy Kane f/ Little Daddy Shane Album: Prince of Darkness Song: Brother, Brother Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Big Daddy Kane] Mmmhmm.. right, right What we have here.. is a collaboration of the Big Daddy Kane.. and the Little Daddy Shane We're gonna send this out to.. all the brothers, and sisters, around the universe It's a tune.. a tune about unity.. and peace amongst each other And we're gonna have some fun, peep this The B-to-the-I-to-the-G-to-the-D to-the-A-to-the-D-to-the-D-to-the-Y to-the-K-to-the-A-to-the-N-to-the-E The Smooth Operator's in the place to be [Little Daddy Shane] The L-to-the-I-to-the-L-to-the-D to-the-A-to-the-D-to-the-D-to-the-Y to-the-S-to-the-H-to-the-A-N-E The Little Daddy Shane for the world to see Ricky-ticky-tempo, no surrembo Italian men, call their girls a bimbo Puerto Rican men call their girls muchacha Ask me how I know, cause I'm a girl watcher! [Big Daddy Kane] Now I must admit that I'm a sensitive guy cause I cried on Cooley High when Cochise died But then again at times I may be a mean fellow Cause I didn't give a damn about the dog Old Yeller But I love my brother (and I love him back) I wish people of the world could be like that So shake shake y'all (shake y'all) shake y'all (shake y'all) AND BUST THE MOVE WE MAKE Y'ALL 	Brother, brother.. help each other * repeat 2X * [Little Daddy Shane] I'm not Don Pardo, or Guy Lombardo I Love Lucy, but I'm not Ricky Ricardo I'm just a teen titan, that does some mean fightin against any sucker MC that's seen bitin [Big Daddy Kane] I been through Different World's, gave them all a try Kadeem is my man, but Jasmine's not my Guy I wonder if the Kane ever Dawns on Lewis It's a sin to be bad, but somebody's gotta do it [Little Daddy Shane] Ashes to ashes and dust to dust (uh-huh) I can make a nun feel the need for lust (true) I can make a new car start to rust (uh-huh) and outrun the dog on the Greyhound bus [Big Daddy Kane] For an MC to try to battle me freestylin his mind must be somewhere in Fantasy Island But I guarantee that by the time I'm through I make him feel about the size of the midget Tattoo Cause I love my brother (and I love him back) And more people of the world should be like that So swing swing y'all (swing y'all) swing y'all (swing y'all) CHECK OUT HOW WE DO OUR THING Y'ALL 	Brother, brother.. help each other * repeat 2X * [Little Daddy Shane] Rhymes that I write generate much juice Not like Dr. Seuss or even Mother Goose They said I was a child, but then I hit em hard Yeah it's good to send a boy to do a man's job [Big Daddy Kane] Well I'm the Biggest Daddy of the macks and dons I keep a fleet of women, probably one of them's your moms A voice so choice that my lips should be bronzed You got ta give me thumbs up just like the Fonz [Little Daddy Shane] Well I'm a new jack from the new school, too cool But some of the times I get bizarre (word?) And grab the microphone and catch a spell from Melle Mel and start to yell, BRRRRAHHHHH! [Big Daddy Kane] While I'm up on stage I feel that it's my duty to do somethin fly, to make you shake your booty Because I add the flavor just like an onion The type of guy that grows on ya, just like a bunion But I love you Shane (and I love you Kane) That's somethin that the whole world needs to gain So love love y'all (love y'all) love y'all (love y'all) JUST A LITTLE BIT OF LOVE Y'ALL..  PEACE! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Big Daddy Kane Album: Prince of Darkness Song: Groove With It Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Kane] Swing, you get up and dance and do your own thing Cause I got the groove to make your eardrums ring and I bring this, to all the party people that demand most Funky as Parliament, smooth as Luther Vandross I wouldn't present myself to you as somethin that sound nervous You want it to be live, so here it is at your service The B the I the G the D-A-double-D-Y And when it comes to rippin the mic, oh my oh my oh my I guarantee you by time I'm through You gotta give me more props than a Motown Revue And if you thinkin this groove would ever come to an end Hah, not from a hair off my chinny chin chin Chorus: repeat 2X 	For you to groove with it 	you've got to move with it 	Here's what you do with it 	Now it's on you, kick it [Kane] Don't ya don't ya don't ya don't ya want to feel jubilation, a musical vibration Instead of the feel of paranoia Thinkin to ride or break out and someone'll floor ya Good grief, another beef at a concert The rappers are gettin a rep behind the people that's gettin hurt The way the fights at the shows are happenin you might as well let Mike Tyson start rappin You see we have to realize the main factor is to have peace and let the violence cease So don't throw your fists up, unless you're gonna pump em in the air, and scream oh yeah, youknowhatI'msayin? Chorus [Kane] Check the lyrics that's flowin right over the tongue like a machete My silk drawers are sweaty so you know the Kane is ready to go to work and my job for the evening is to pick up the microphone and rap to relieve them The party society, groovin in a high anxiety There's dancers by the variety, so go 'head and try it G As I do body work like Midas And I can remove the slightest, case of arthritis or even rhumabotosis as I heal you with the rhythm cause the remedy for the party people standin around is ummm dancin and havin a ball So live life like Michael Jackson, +Off the Wall+ And wiggle your bodyparts, and start to party hard Lettin the rhythm run through like a trolley car Here's a sound you can get into Uhh, and now it's on you Chorus [Kane] Right right Now just hold on for a second baby I gotta put my shades on for this Yeah, we gonna keep this here broken down for a while and just toss it up like a French salad, yaknahmsayin? Umm, aiyyo Bob I need you to pump that bass to the FULLEST Hold on Mike, we gonna get to you in a second Bret Lover I need you over here on the side of me for a minute Ahh, I want you to get a little piece of this here, okay baby? Groove 	Groove with it (36X) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Big Daddy Kane f/ Alyson Williams Album: Prince of Darkness Song: I'm Not Ashamed Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Big Daddy Kane] I can't hold back any longer I can't prolong my feelings for you any more You know all of a sudden I feel this certain need to.. .. express myself to you You see before I felt kind of funny to say these kind of things I mean to be all honest, that is, but now.. hmm.. well let's just say I'm not ashamed Now in my lifetime I've been all around the world (Round and around and around) From city to city, from state to state And of course, from girl to girl (Ooooooooooh-eauuuuuuu-ooooooooooooh) And I believe that I've played every game in the world that one man could possibly play (don't play with me baby) And of all those games, you're the only chip on the table that's made me feel this way (aiy-yi-yahhhhahhhhhhhhh) Now I realize that love takes time and trust is somethin that you have to earn (Oooooooh, you gotta earn it baby) mmm Well I'm prepared to give you all of me but, I need the same in return (ooooooohoooo you know you got it) These are some things that I've been meaning to say And for my concealed feelings I've come to realize that I'm to blame (arrrrrrrrre you sure) So I have to take a little time out to get together Now baby, I'm not ashamed [Alyson Williams] Let yourself be free (I'm not ashamed) Express yourself to me (I'm not ashamed) Try to make me see (I'm not ashamed) what sparks would start this flame Take it nice and slow (I'm not ashamed) Never let me go (I'm not ashamed) I want to let you know (I'm not ashamed) Don't ever feel ashamed [Big Daddy Kane] You know just yesterday I portrayed my life as a player (mmm-hmmm) Looked at every woman as ahhh.. as ahhh.. as just a one night affair (One night love affair) Now all of a sudden I feel this change that makes me lonnnng for some type of commitment (don't you want it) Nah, since I said _Ain't No Half-Steppin'_ (talk to me) Aww yeah, I'm with this (c'mon) And let's become two of a kind, a perfect pair in which all feelins are the same (c'mon) All love and respect And never ever, feeling ashamed [Alyson Williams] Let yourself be free (I'm not ashamed) Express yourself to me (I'm not ashamed) Try to make me see (I'm not ashamed) what sparks would start this flame Take it nice and slow (I'm not ashamed) Never let me go (I'm not ashamed) I want to let you know (I'm not ashamed) Don't ever feel ashamed Let yourself be free (I'm not ashamed) Express yourself to me (I'm not ashamed) Try to make me see (I'm not ashamed) what sparks would start this flame Take it nice and slow (I'm not ashamed) Never let me go (I'm not ashamed) I want to let you know (I'm not ashamed) Don't ever feel ashamed, talk to me baby! Huhahhhhhhh, ahhohuhhahahhhh Ahhh just let yourself be free Ahhh come on and talk to me Huahahhahhhhh try to make me see Ooooohoohoooooh, you see I I know that you played every game.. Ahh but I love you just the same, hooooh We'll take it nice and slow yeah We don't ever have to let it goooooooo Nooooo yeah, don't you ever feel ashamed, no no! Let yourself be free (I'm not ashamed) Express yourself to me (I'm not ashamed) Try to make me see (I'm not ashamed) what sparks would start this flame Take it nice and slow (I'm not ashamed) Never let me go (I'm not ashamed) Wanna let you know (I'm not ashamed) Don't ever feel ashamed sugar Let yourself be free (I'm not ashamed) Express yourself to me (I'm not ashamed) Try and make me see (I'm not ashamed) what sparks would start this flame Take it nice and slow (I'm not ashamed) Never let me go (I'm not ashamed) I want to let you know (I'm not ashamed) Don't ever feel ashamed The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Big Daddy Kane Album: Prince of Darkness Song: Troubled Man Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [singer wails for first 0:59 of song] [Big Daddy Kane] It's hard enough for a black man tryin to make it today Strugglin to find the right way So I say, times is hard, word to God Recessions, depressions, the whole nine yards That itself makes a brother wanna break But bein an entertainer puts the icin on the cake Cause I can remember when I looked up to Kurtis Blow and said that's where I gotta go So here I am, paid in the rap trade But still gettin played, for my darker shade That's not the only P-R-O-B-L-E-M Man, that's just the beginnin of them For example, I can't walk the streets alone.. .. without bein known Don't get me wrong, cause deep in my heart I do love it But I can't even dig up my nose in public, huh MC Rell couldn't have said it no plainer Yeah, that's the life of an entertainer And the times are so hard to understand that it makes me a troubled man * Mister Cee cuts up Chuck D saying "I got so much trouble on my mind" * [Big Daddy Kane] I like women, but I hate womankind Love can be just too much for the mind Cause I've toured the world from state to state and wouldn't lay down tonight without havin a mate Married girls in tight miniskirts that left they husband waitin at the concert I don't discriminate with girls that I talk to I take em Mello-Yello to Chocolate Yoo-hoo But now I couldn't find the right girl to fit me Not even if she walked into my face and bit me You see it's hard to make a woman your wife when you've been humpin married woman the most of your life You better believe that's true, word up cause if it happened to me, then it can happen to you I'm not tryin to say that a woman is scandalous I'm just showin you who the troubled man is * Mister Cee cuts up Chuck D saying "I got so much trouble on my mind" * [Big Daddy Kane] Brothers from the past.. .. in the streets of Bed-Stuy or my ?Sara J? class Some of them are cool, some of them at times can be a bother Thinkin I got jobs to give like Roy Rogers I try to explain I'm not on tour yet And they say, "You think you're all that? Yeah, I bet!" So when I see em on the solo tip I gotta throw joints to prove my point Just when I thought that I had the neighborhood support here comes another battle to be fought, huh You know they even tried to start a AIDS rumor Diggin the kind of life, that would maybe doom a brother of my priniciple, you'd think some of these people would be more sensisble, because a lie like that didn't bring my sex flow to an end Maaaaaaaan, I'm still gettin skins! And the beat goes on until the thrill is gone And life is the same old song And maybe one day you can understand What it's like to be a troubled man * Mister Cee cuts up Chuck D saying "I got so much trouble on my mind" * Artist: Big Daddy Kane Album: Prince of Darkness Song: T.L.C. Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Kane] Question.. what has he done, for you lately? Tell me.. do y'all go for walks on the beach? I just wanna know, if you had dinner at the pond or the drive-through at Mickey D's You say the last movie y'all saw was _Jaws_? Mmm Well never fear baby, the Big Daddy is here I come up upon the scene to romance thee with a little bit of T.L.C. to tickle your fancy Give you protection, warmth and affection Make sure you never feel any rejection Without a doubt, I admire you, I have a desire to be a more better man prior to your past relationships, you've been datin with all the wrong gentlemen, I'm more sentimental in my own little way so (HEY!) Whattaya say about givin a play okay? Cause I'm not here to impress you, I wanna caress you posess you and bless you, nevertheless to make you feel secure, and real sure Mon cheri amore, pretty woman I adore Don't shed a tear never fear my dear I'll be there anywhere with some Tender Lovin Care Chorus: repeat 2X 	Just a little bit of T.L.C. 	Tender Lovin Care you'll get from me 	Just a little bit of T.L.C. 	Tender Lovin Care is what you need [Kane] In the beginning I only wanted to be your friend but then.. It may sound strange, but my feelings started to change And now I wanna sustain.. somethin more closer, give you the most of my love and my time and respect as opposed to sayin she's "Just a Friend" I may sound like Biz, but you know what time it is I want us to be together and benevolent with reverance to give you the best relationship there ever been So consider me as as as as as a-a-as your lover Damn baby, you make me stutter But I'm still able to, clearly say to you things that I feel *smooch* and kiss your navel too Givin much T.L.C. as I make love to you constantLY Chorus [Kane] May I? He ever treat you with the proper amount of chivalry, would be so, mmmm Break! * just the drums for a bit * Bass! * bassline comes for a bit * * music by itself comes in, then.. * [Kane] I hope to form a special thing that we can cherish Everlasting, it won't perish Establish a special thing that's based on love and trust, in other words, it's all about us You won't have to ever search for Tender Lovin Care Cause for you I got it right here You'll never find none greater Sincerely yours, The Smooth Operator Chorus The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Big Daddy Kane Album: Prince of Darkness Song: Float Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Manslaughter, walkin on water I stay afloat with a note, the way a boat oughta I'm too poetically inclined, one of a kind True and divine the genuine, breakin a bond and gettin mine so freeze, I'm makin it flow with ease And droppin the funkiest lyrics that ever been known to MC's Cause I can recite it fast, or even rap slow Huh, man I can just talk and my shit'll flow Because I mastered the rhythms of winnin lyric Hit em, just the flow itself'll tell you that I did em So let the K-to-the-A-to-the-N-to-the-E show you the meaning of real harmony, as I float 	Float.. float on 	Float on.. float on.. (repeat 2X) Peep this I'm always on the down-low, smooth and mild But when it's time to get wild, huh, you know my style I drop lyrics wham bam by the gram on a jam and gooooooood DAMN! It's like a disaster that nobody goes after Rappers turn ghost like Casper Cause battlin me, you'd only meet your fate You'd probably come out better tryin to fight in Kuwait To be smart, would be not to start Not even The Wiz can give you that much heart Rap is like an art.. and man you know that kind of makes me like Michaelangelo Not to sound conceited, or either to boast with what I said cause I'm too modest to ever lose my level head But if I ever got bold and said I'm higher I can give more reasons than Earth, Wind & Fire Many follow in the footsteps, tryin to get a rep of a lover and a smooth black brother But I'm knockin imitators out the box Because you couldn't copy Kane if your name was Xerox I'm like the God in light, some of my writing might be too much for your mind to explode like dynamite And if it sounds good to you then get on it doggone it Capture this like a Kodak moment as I float 	Float.. float on 	Float on.. float on.. (repeat 2X) In this third verse, I'll make it sure mental See the way that you serve rap's like a death penalty So back up off me, ain't nobody stoppin Kane I'm shittin on rappers like I never been potty trained That means defeatin deletin and beatin while all the tenderonis I'll be meatin and greatin and treatin And welcome to a new Terrordome When I come to roam, you know Daddy's Home Rhymes come at you full powered with might They call in the SWAT team when I start to write and declared my lyrics illegal weapons in every state So I can get five to ten for carryin a Papermate Just a little bitty taste of this'll burn so bad you'll wanna call me the Big Daddy Inferno So don't even think about a battle, I sail without a paddle In other words, I FLOAT 	Float.. float on 	Float on.. float on.. (repeat 2X) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Big Daddy Kane f/ Q-Tip, Busta Rhymes Album: Prince of Darkness Song: Come on Down Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Verse One: Big Daddy Kane When I'm in motion it's just like the flow of the ocean The weight of the words swerve and curve My style flexes bigger than the state of Texas Quick as a Lambourghini, smooth as a Lexus I guess that makes me the top of the line Oh yes I'm the most prime of all time Cause as soon as I pick up the mic and begin and the lyrics just start to flowing, ahem ahem, coughing couldn't stop me from going On with the rapture, so that I can capture your mind with state of the art music made to adap to To knowledge the God on the groove Because when my tongue moves I just loooove that I'm smooth Do it with these and in times I leave reas to give em a little of thje flavor that please As I, school in the who in pursuin and doin and reignin again and the gutter and stutter and killin and chillin collectin the rent and jammin and slammin and damn it's Too much for one mind to comprehend A pure blend, the way that I make words mend And, the way that I be doin rappers in Michael Bivins couldn't make these Boyz II Men I play, somethin verbally, capable to murder the average MC, the tough ones I'll burn third degree And if you're thinkin that I'm takin a beatin You're sure to see the Pink Panther speakin Verse Two: Q-Tip I'm a native New Yorker, I pitch a lot of porker When I get my ride, I be the grill squawker Tip's a smooth talker, I love Alice Walker So get off the dillz and step back you little hawker Better yet you hooker, you wanna show I book ya The highest way I took ya, is youse a good looker Queens is residential, I make the presidentials Over instrumentals, I utilize the mentals First saw Big Daddy at the place called Union Square If you wnet in by yourself it was a terror See, I could do that cause my crew is kinda phat Outside we had the toolies, out West you call em gats It's that, oh thanks chat, well let me drop some more shit Bring your bats and balls and please don't forfeit Cause you won't get away, your status will be stank You can ride with me G I'm goin to the bank To meet up with Kane, up on Dollar Lane You get the idea, cause page times is near So rappers see they bug cause they really can't handle Position from the rappin, cause some of them be slackin Not in this sport of thought we block out the devil The three different flavors, you know we on the level Verse Three: Busta Rhymes Check it out, uhh! As I come down and get dumb Yes roughneck, swingin along with the drum Swimmin in the, track, retaliatin thorough is how I react, Busta Rhymes will attack As you feel the pain, bass kick impacts to the brain gotta make a mega migraine Whattup? To the Big Daddy and Tip My trip, flip the rhyme, then I dip Hey, hip-hop, cool, bust the interlude Wack do ya on the stage gettin booed This structure it takes, bust the angle of three different flavors on a young raider choc well that's my vocal fader Keep my volume on extra boom! All the braids in my neck symbolizes that I want room Word up, huh! Here I am, damn Dragon slayer stackin layer after layer This jam will be ran while the record flim flam WIggle your front pram, to the runnin man Sam, Busta, Rhymes, comin on time L.O.N.S. did, rip a new design Flavor one, taste the unborn baby Flip before you move or catch a bad one baby CHiggy change chump, the oversized puff Busta pump you and the love, and then I rump Emotional stter point, for the wild Busta buckwild musically direct from Strong Isle Unload, catch you like smell later Dig on your taste of the third flavor, rrrarrrRHHH RARRARRRRH! Direct from the lungs of the dragon, uh! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Big Daddy Kane Album: Prince of Darkness Song: Death Sentence Typed by: OHHLA.com I break out in a cold sweat, rip up the whole set I'm about as bad as you can get Comin' from Bed-Stuy, that's where they do or die Forget about the lions and tigers and bears, oh my It's not a fairy tale, a myth, it's a musical uplift and I'm the wrong one to mess with I roll on rappers like a Cherokee, bake 'em up merrily just like the cooks at Sara Lee Erase, replace, disgrace, and chase, unlace your face and place a neck brace, about-face And get to steppin', because my lethal weapon  is blowin' too fast, while you're slow as Catherine Hepburn What you need is a little more speed, style and flavor but it still wouldn't save ya So to the rear, step off and let the man flex cuz I can hang tighter to the groove than spandex I snatch the mic whith grace, always with a plan and Cee'll cut the recored up like Edward Scissorhands Rock the soul shack, I can't hold back Four years standin' and I still got the knack Cuz I remember when I first did it the comments that were goin' around from the next critic Like "Yeah, he sound alright, but still will he hold?" And now my black ass is still here like Billy Joel One hip-hopper that don't have to sound proper My broken English you can still distinguish And I don't have no image or no gimmicks and I don't have no bounds or no limits The Kane'll keep goin', and growin', and flowin' and showin' any MC, I got the best finesse to manifest Cuz I pull cards like some type of retard Hittin' MCs hard, and any other Rass Claaad I'm the predator to any competitor Scorchin' and damagin' and stompin' et cetera And any MC that tries to test me I'm swellin' up his jaws mor than Dizzy Gillespie Crushin' all dreams you thought were possible I turn into nightmares you have in the hospital I couldn't count the rappes I be servin' If defeat was sex, huh, I'd be a virgin My match ain't been found, movin' around, breakin' 'em down where the ground, never the clown, how that sound? Don't get gassed, cuz boy you won't last so take your crippled rhymes and put 'em in a cast You're too pathetic, bring in a paramedic to heal your sick rhymes, cuz man, you ain't poetic You're just a cheap little hooker and I gotta overlook a  MC that's wack, ya little bogger And stand clear of the mic that I'm rippin' as I'm......??? And get your jury and a good defendant cuz I'm servin' a death sentence... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Big Daddy Kane Album: Prince of Darkness Song: Get Down Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Kane] It ain't hard to tell The flow of the Kane is movin em real well I build and excel and plus I rap like hell Lyrics generate, break through and penetrate Connect like an interstate, now let me demonstrate I grab the microphone and put the dap in quick You start to tappin and snappin and clappin then rappin'll happen And then I display, poetry, the right way and rock the Gladys Knight to the next Morris Day I get sexy like Marvin Gaye and other times, I might wanna hit em hard and say somethin exquisite and clever like a wizard Hit em like a blizzard if you missed it turn to your friend and say, "What is it?" or what was it, because it, was too fast for you to bust it So pay attention to how the Smooth Operator does it Just acknowledge the sound Get on the good foot.. UHH, and get down [Kane] Look The thought of competition, I don't have the faintest Cause if I'm correct, I kicked them all in the anus So I don't care if you step to me in three flocks The men that's all pumped up like Reeboks Cause I bring down the swelling, just like alcohol Makin em all fall like the Berlin Wall Then I apply pain just like a migraine Pssssh, man, don't even try Kane A lyrical catastrophe, a disaster see Nobody gets on after me Crushin MC's is how I get my joy So when one tries to battle I'm like, hoo boy Class in session as I give the lesson to prove to another rapper that I rule in his profession And it's nothin new, that the Kane is your ruler Cause back in the days I used to call you Sundullah Now it's a new time period, rappers are still fearin it and the crowd is still cheerin with the new Black Ceaser that came to town with one purpose - to make you get down [Kane] I start to flow, slow, and then ohh no I gotta pick up the pace and go Go relatin and statin what I'm creatin to straighten MC's that I'm debatin terminatin as the Kane keeps them evadin So step over, cause ain't no leftover remains from the Kane I drained the last brain Speak like Oprah, attack like a cobra Turn your whole year into a _Red October_ Lyrics are sweet like struddel, at the same time brutal Your rhymes remind me of the noodle in umm CHOP SUEY, soft and chewy My rhymes are kickin like Bruce, you're just Hong Kong Fooey So +Enter the Dragon+ as I start to raggin all the competition that's on the bandwagon I take the groove around around around around around around, so get down [Kane] Yo, get out your seat and jump to this Throw your hands in the air and pump your fists The name of the jam is get down so let me see you do it And show some unity in music We gotta show our young ones the right way to avoid crucial poison and the price they might pay So I keep on teachin the children to follow the Power Equality, Allah C Equality, PEACE .. Mister Cee, you gotta get down and uh Scoob Lover, you gotta get down and uh Scrap Lover, you gotta get down and uh Big Fahl, you gotta get down and my man Jay-Z, you gotta get down and Positive K, you gotta get down and to my man Music Mike, you gotta get down And to my man Larry, you gotta get down and to my man Ant Live, you gotta get down and to my man Big Chuck, you gotta get down And I can't forget Rog, you gotta get down And to my man Danny, you gotta get down And to my main man Sauce, you gotta get down and to my man Bobby V, you gotta get down and to my cousin '95, you gotta get down To my brother the Lil' Daddy, you gotta get down And to my man Tyrone, you gotta get down And if I didn't say your name you can STILL get down The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Big Daddy Kane Album: Prince of Darkness Song: Raw '91 Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash "Bring that beat back, bring that beat back!" -> Chuck D "We gonna do a song, that you heard before.." [Kane] Here I am, R-A-W A terrorist, here to bring trouble to phony MC's, I move on and seize I just conquer and stomp another rapper with ease Cause I'm at my apex and others are below Nothing but a milliliter, I'm a kilo Second to none, making MC's run So don't try to step to me, cause I ain't the one I relieve rappers, just like Tylenol And they know it, so I don't see why you all try to front, perpetratin a stunt when you know that I'll smoke you up like a blunt I'm genuine like Gucci, raw like sushi To stage a rage is what rap did to me To make me want to create, chaos and mayhem Cold rock a party, until the A.M. I'll make a muscle, grab the mic and hustle While you stand dazed and amazed, I bust a little rhyme with authority, superiority And captivate the whole crowd's majority The rhymes I use definitely amuse Better than Dynasty, or Hill Street Blues I'm sure to score adored for more without a flaw Cause I get RAW! "R-A-W" (cut and scratched by Mister Cee 4X) [Kane] Attact, react, exact, the mack'll move you with a strong song as long as you groove to this I keep the crowd loud when you're hyped Do damage on stage and injure the mic As I shoot the gift, MC's stand stiff While my rhymes stick to you like Skippy and Jif Feel my blunt fist, or my death kiss The rap soloist - you don't want none of this Supreme in this era, I reign with terror When I grab the mic, believe you're gonna hear a fascinating rhyme, as I enchant them So let's all sing the Big Daddy anthem Go with the flow, my rhymes grow like an afro An entertaining gain, the Kane'll never no problem, I could sneeze sniffle or cough Eeee-even if I stutter I'ma still come off Cause rappers can't understand the mics I rip They sho' nuff ain't equipped, that's why they got flipped But my apparatus is up to status Don't ask who the baddest, or cause static to make or break or take em, my rhymes hit the head Put it to bed, so watch what's said Save the bass for the piper, rearrange your tone Take a loss and be forced from the danger zone I get ill and kill at will Teachin a skill that's real, yeah no frill Just stand still and chill as I build Science I drill until my rhymes fill your head up! "R-A-W" -- don't even get up Competition shut up, cause I'm RAW! "Help me!" (cut and scratched 8X by Mister Cee) [Kane] The man at hand to rule and school to teach and reach the blind to find their way from A to Z and be the most and boast the loudest rap again, to reign your domain (YEAH KANE) The heat is on, so feel the fire come off the empire, all the more higher Level of depth, one step beyond dope The suckers all scope and hope to cope but NOPE cause I never let em on top of me I play em out like a game of Monopoly Let em speed around the board like an astro Then send em to jail for tryin to pass Go Shakin em up, breakin em up, takin no stuff but it still ain't loud enough So let the volume increase, never to cease I'ma release a masterpiece a slip of the tongue like grease Rippin the mic to shreds, puttin heads to bed Code red cause the rhymes is bein said by the Asiatic printer of raw poetry No hints or clues, you all know it's me I go pound for pound and round for round to clown the sound profound it's bound to go down, UHH A lyrical knockout, showin I got clout My comp should just drop out Cause none of them can see me I leave em Winan like their name was BeBe or CeCe I get RAW! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Big Daddy Kane f/ DJ Mister Cee Album: Prince of Darkness Song: DJ's Get No Credit Typed by: jostmatt@bgb.ch {Big Daddy Kane:}   Hmm yeah, this sound kinda funky, this sound real funky   I'ma get busy on this, man, with ehm, let's see -   Like 8 bars, then I want you to come in with a scratch - {DJ Mister Cee:}   What? nah man, we ain't havin that!   Just trip, I'm tired of every record we do   I got to be jiggin-jiggin this, jiggin-jiggin that   You know what I'm saying?    Yo, it's time for me to get busy on the mic by myself   On the solo tip, you know what I'm sayin?   So yo, step back and let me show you how a real DJ rocks   As I kick it like this: {DJ Mister Cee:} A DJ gets no damn credit Don't look at me funny, Kane cause, yeah, I said it I'm always in the background Supplyin the sound, but my props is yet to be found Besides, when you're kickin a rap The only other people you can see is Scoob and Scrap So y'all get the girls, okay But I bet you wasn't gettin skins scratchin for Shante And the first time a record skips You catch an attitude and always tryin to flip Now ain't that a bitch I swear one of these days I'm gonna pull the power switch Cause I'm always breakin my neck 10 in the mornin you were sleepin on my sound check And when it's time for the show I'm supposed to go (Big Daddy) (hell no) Am I a man or a machine? Or just a fat kid who don't supposed to be seen? Don't you know you wouldn't be so amazin If I wasn't helpin you out, you black raisin And you got the nerve and try to complain Makin a record sayin 'it's hard bein the Kane' Hmm, but all you gotta do is rap Try carryin some console cases on your back Well, I'm through with breakin my neck Until you learn to show your DJ some respect Because without me you'd be butt-naked So from now on, spin your own damn records Now put your weight on that shit here Yeah (yeah) (x5) I'm outta here The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Big Daddy Kane Album: Looks Like a Job For... Song: Looks Like a Job For... Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash 	"This is a world premier and I'm here.." 	 -> _It's Hard Being the Kane_ [Big Daddy Kane] Nobody move, nobody get hurt And I won't have to do no-body work The minute I come on stage and take position A demolition, where rappers catch a bad decision, huh I start to swingin it, puttin my bad thing in it Soon as I start flingin it, girls'll start clingin it People'll start singin it, noise oh I'm bringin it To show and to prove to the people the man that really is the king in it Cause I take the cake like Hostess No, not the one you wanna play high post with Warm it up Kane, warm as a snorkel Snatch the microphone and do a nigga somethin awful I give him the rhythm-a-jazz pizazz finesse and yet the flavor to jam and slam the land I flip the script like nobody can It's like they lack the crowd to get live and raw from all the brothers who smothered the mic They're frank with force, cause you know, Kane comes off See me and the mic go together like neighbors And if that's too fast, here's a slower flavor You see.. I.. am.. the.. man.. to.. stand.. top.. brand.. No.. band.. at.. hand.. and.. yes I can can, yes I can can rip the microphone to shreds Buck buck, rough and tuff, and a little bit raggamuffin For havin a rapper that try to battle will stress me You shouldn't address me cause you can't impress me So don't test me, boy, I say you better move over Yeah, yeah, huh Many people tried to say I fell off He went R&B, now his rap is all soft But if you say that on stage, I'll prove you wrong And wax that ass, rappin off a love song Cause with the street in all battles I'm still hard like a mallet, servin competition like salad I'm gonna give you some damn good advice G Break out, before there be some sugar honey iced tea Cause now you're comin in the danger zone There no man, can withstand, or hold his own I burn a rapper so bad that it bruise even if you put a condom on the mic that I use That won't protect ya, I still can effect ya Cause I flip the script, like a movie director I'm makin the non-believers believe what I'm dishin up And people that's still fans, will be air conditioners Why golly gee, I'm the hypest The power to maintain, and sustain, cause I'm righteous In other words, by knowledge and degrees you gotta say God bless, and I don't mean when I sneeze A black man, you know I got, SOUL for rockin the track and sparkin the mic that I hold Not just been flowin for the fellas so for the ladies I didn't forget you.. mm-wah *kiss sound* A lot of rappers today, know how to flow Also, a lot of amateurs turned pro But if I ask for the mic at your show Aiyyo, I think you better let it go! Cause I go in a rage on stage The rap it never stops til I get my props And if you don't know my style, well look here my friend You saw _Faces of Death_? Hehe yeah yeah aight then I'm tryin to tell my competition the scoop That I'm breakin down, any soloist or group And even though, some of them try to play souped When I come on stage, they spread they wings like Troop And fly away, cause I don't play I slay, okay, okay? The king of combat, my competition scat Pockets stay fat, oh hells yeah, I'm alllll that The one they like to follow, bite and borrow Lock into my style, just like a Rottweiler So you wanna know the meanin of hardcore? Looks Like a Job For.. * cut n scratch "Big Daddy" * The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Big Daddy Kane Album: Looks Like a Job For... Song: How U Get a Record Deal? Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash On the Black Ceasar tip, my dialogue is just like  a frank inside of a supermarket, raw dog I'm the untouchable, never to be took out A Sexy Mother.. ooh child, Prince look out! I'm keepin girls of all shades on my trail From a Sister Act down to a Single White Female Cause when I hit the skins they all say, "Damn Kane - you knock out the Bush like a presidential campaign" But if you think that lickin toes makes me weak you better treat me like Freddy Krueger: don't sleep I write raps, ready to rip and rock real rough rhymes Run in rugged and raw, rapidly ruinin roaches Point blank - I spell murder to a bum All you backwards rappers - REDRUM, REDRUM! Cause I do em somethin awful, break em down to a morsel Makin sure that you're no longer adorable Rappers get so quiet when I'm comin, that if they  shitted a dictionary, you couldn't get a word from em It's sort of a tradition in Bed-Stuy to do or die So steppin to me is suicide I couldn't think of a rapper takin mines I feel like Ali, "I'm the greatest of all times" Floatin like a butterfly, stingin like a bee Yeah I know this ain't boxin but that's still my pedigree But as for you, you have no appeal How you get a record deal? Like shell-toe Adidas, ain't a damn thing changed the way I shoot off lyrics like a firin range Breakin out in a cold sweat - the death threat Gettin more props than a movie set The smooth microphone assassin, rhymes keep blastin Uhh, I keep the body count massive But if you say you increased the Bodycount troop You must admit that you joined Ice-T's group Cause you ain't hurtin niggedy nuthin, so why you bluffin? Tryin to be the new Big Daddy SOMETHIN But there's only, before me, no one is ?, huh You couldn't come Pryor if your name was Richard Cause I'm the Alpha and Omega Arm-Leg-uh-Leg-uh-Arm-Head, stayin raw til I'm dead And to battle me you shouldn't even try Cause with wings on your tongue, you still couldn't say nothin fly And I don't care if you bring a crew And I don't even care if someone else writes for you Man you could even be someone the crowd may just like but shoot you couldn't see me with a bifocal mic Check my resume, Rap Masters, word up Yo! MTV, BET, The Box and all that good stuff And Billboard for my five year duration And see that I got more spots than a dalmation Let's get down to finish this large You could bring on your whole squad, none of you chumps are hard All that garbage you mumble ain't real and seriously, seriously How you get a record deal? A lot of rappers today, wonder should I ask Kane to write rhymes for me to say? Well you're god damn right you should Cause my rhymes are like spandex, they make any ass seem good So act like you know Baby Pop when I riggedy rock the higgedy hip-hop non stop, as I freak the funk and flip the flavor to flow with the flyest A fury full force in the flames of the fire, now may these MC's rest in peace Because when I come to town, the population decrease I leave em finished, dead and that's that, huh Not even Pet Semetary could bring em back I slay my pray, A to K, I tell em like Jennifer Holiday No no no no no noooooooooooo way! That you could ever touch this, no you know how I feel? I think you bought your record deal.. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Big Daddy Kane f/ the Wolf Pack Album: Looks Like a Job for... Song: Chocolate City Typed by: OHHLA.com 	Mister Cee [intro]: I be the cruddy one that they call the DJ Mister Cee, with the whole Wolf Pack in the place to be. Better known as the Chocolate City. So Scoob Lover, huh, are ya with me...? 	{Scoob Lover:} Yo, I break punks up like a fight. Give me the mic, I'm hype. (Damn kid, you're starvin' for life) Cuz people be tellin' me, brothers be gellin' me, tryin' to get fame from my name but they chumps and they Butt-soft. They know I'm wilder than a dog with hot sauce. A mic, a stage, a crowd, and I won't stop: I set it off and get live like an alarm clock. People thought Scoob and Scrap was just a nickname; now that we rap, we sell more records than cocaine. Awww, shucks, now I'm back from the down-low, here comes Scoob with the currrr-ly afro. No chemical reaction, no need for askin', pure satisfaction, my last name's Jackson. You slip up, I get ill -- my boot to your grill, my nine kills, I'm Big Scoob from Brownsville. The world's greatest lover, the chaaaaa-clate brother... 	Chorus: Who's the committee? (CHOCOLATE CITY!) 3x Scrap Lover are ya with me? 	{Scrap Lover:} Yo, I drop science kinda like a pigeon; over rough tracks I tax any midget with a small digit. Smooth and mild but complicated, I put the crowd to to smashed like a driver that's intoxicated. Rappers write rhymes, and talk about guns and jail, but wouldn't squeeze a lemon in a cocktail. Don't say "huh?" or "what?", and don't ask who, cuz if you hear me, I must be talkin' to you. You probably thought I couldn't steal it, cuz I was a dancer, I didn't have a chance, but ya'll can kill it. You gotta be off your rocker,  I'm lettin' suckers know that Scrap got more soul than Foot Locker. And if you heard I got skills, believe it's true; suggest for Pete Rock, for reminiscin' over you. It's not a threat, it's a bet, cuz hey, the last sucker who tried woulda been 25 today. 	Chorus 3x Big Daddy are ya with me? 	{Big Daddy Kane:} Yo-yo-yo-yo, look out, get out the way! Here comes the K the A the N the E -- huh, ya better flee. Cuz I don't need no hoodie to be hard, shoot: I'll kill a nigga in a three-piece suit. I don't be havin' it so the rear I'll attack, a size-15 to the buttocks, a-matter-fact. A hard-core blow to the face I'll provide, to give you a Crooked eye, just like St. Ides. Leave you home and you must be screamin' and yellin'; not een Kool Moe Dee shades can hide your swellin'. I bring it rough, tough; I said that I was Browner than Bobby, so you know that it's good enough. I'm untouchable to rappers my size. You dreamed of beatin' me, you better wake up an apologize. Some claim to be a Daddy or Poppa, but with me, you'd have no Ranks if your name was Shabba. 	Chorus 3x Now you know you'd too like to be with it... 	{Li'l Daddy Shane:} Shane, I cause pain, I make it rain. I'm wearin' and tearin' down to the last grain. Ha, I'm not a chocolate brother, but I dont' mourn, cuz I swear this vanilla kid got it goin' on. So don't even step to me if you're worth nothin', because I just might hurt somethin'. My competition thinks twice, cuz yo, for a young nigga, I'm kinda nice... 	{Laree Williams:} [singing] Ooooooooooooohhhh! Chocolate City are ya with meeeee?! Scoob and Scrap and Mister Cee! Kane and Shane and Laaaarrrrreeeeeee! Kaaaaaane....would your black ass sing it for mee-heee?! 	(Kane: Ohhh, ho, shit yeahhhh!) [laughter] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Big Daddy Kane Album: Looks Like a Job For... Song: Prelude Typed by: jostmatt@bgb.ch, OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Big Daddy Kane] Huh, huh, huh Mister Cee, are you wit me, uhh Mister Cee, are you wit me, DIG IT Gangster or prankster, define yourself, huh And put that rough talk on the shelf You talk all that robbery shit, but it's lame You wouldn't steal first base at a baseball game Never sold drugs, you never was a thug But you're talking ying-yang like as if you're in a gang I mean for goodness sake The only beef you ever had was a sirloin steak You wanna question me and all the words I say Well, you can bring the noise any fuckin day I rock a rugged-a-ruff rhyme to besiege ya And if I see you at a party, put up your dickbeaters By time I get through wreckin your jaw You be callin Patti LaBelle and Barry White hardcore Why should I give up for gangster contrast When I can rap about gettin some ass To prove that I'm a gangster only brings me trouble But the proof that I'm a lover * sound of a zipper * It's that easy but still you insist (yeah) That I do this (what?) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Big Daddy Kane Album: Looks Like a Job For... Song: The Beef is On Typed by: jostmatt@bgb.ch It's hell up in Harlem, my main man just caught a bad one Wetted by a magnum when he didn't have none That goes to show you that even when you're respected Brothers'll still try ya if they think you're butt-naked So i went uptown to get the low-down To see who made the whole thing go down Word on the streets had it Some kids from the Bronx with automatics Came to start static Some new jacks at the game Tryin to get a name Had a point to prove Wrong move So I can't wait to get em all straight It's a big payback when I retaliate Steam, I gotta let it off And I can't wait to set it off To revenge my main man that's gone And as sure as my name is Kane, word is bond The beef is on (Once again it's on) (You got beef) (Once again it's on) (You got beef you better save it for the muthafuckin meat market) It's time to show them how to get hard Callin a hit squad and pull all these clown's ciddard For tryin to friddont and fiddake the middood But when I get riddude - awesome dude So I took a little trip to Brooklyn Bedstuy Do-Or-Die is where i was lookin For my boys from Roosevelt, Albany and Marcy Plus I got a posse over in Canarsie I'm talkin about ill brothers that don't play They sit around watchin 'Scarface' all day So here we go, headed up to they scene Twenty deep in a van like the A-Team We rolled up to see what this joint's about When one of my boys in the van just pointed em out So without delay we reacted And started shootin like it was target practice When they saw that we wasn't messin around One tried to run, so I had to chase him down I caught the kid by the corner store deli Kicked him in the belly like I was Jeff Kelley I did his jugular vein something violent Came back to see my crew made the rest silent We sent fifteen bodies to Trapper John Cos the beef was on (Once again it's on) (You got beef) (Once again it's on) (You got beef you better save it for the muthafuckin meat market) (I don't happen to trust people I sort of figured if you thought I was weak You'd mop the street up with me And I got to kill a lot more of your people To put you in your place) (You send your boys in I send em back in a paperbag) Many screamed about a homicide But when I came to shut em down all the drama died I plead insanity when I got a jam with me And we roll like the Corleone family I bring the boys that'll bring the noise In the aftermath everything's destroyed Like a crew of barbarians And brothers that want beef, I make em vegetarians So don't even front and try to put it as if you're ruff Cos soon as I see ya, best believe i'ma call your bluff And everyone else that tried to press up on me tuff Have fallen and they can't get up My game is a ill one Cos i'm a real one Lorda mercy Nuff controversy A gangster, a khan A pimp and a don Waitin for the beef to be on The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Big Daddy Kane Album: Looks Like a Job For... Song: Stop Shammin' Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash One-fifty-eight Lewis Avenue between Lafayette and Van Buren, that was back during the days of hangin on my Bed-Stuy block with Spence and Mitch, followin my cousin Murdoch All the brothers were real, goin for what they feel By the way, peace to my man Sha and Big Neal Now in ninety-three I'm still bein me You think my 'fridgerator ain't full of Olde E? Huh A lot of times I get fly with a suit and a tie Yeah I went from rags to riches but I still rock the saggy britches And I don't try to act brand new Eatin escargots and usin words like "rendezvous" The ghetto life I've seen a lot overcome make a little money and then forget where they came from Livin a plastic lifestyle, you're more false than dentures Don't make me pull your file -- stop shammin! 	"Stop, hold-up, pause, wait" (2X) [Kane]	Stop shammin! 	"Stop, hold-up, pause, wait" (2X) [Kane]	Stop shammin! 	"Stop, hold-up, pause, wait" (2X) [Kane]	Stop shammin! 	"Stop, hold-up, pause, wait" (2X) So why you wanna be what you're not? And claim to have things that you know you ain't got You're just a fantasizer -- spendin all your money on lustrous pink oil moisturizer Just to make your hair curly and thin You say, "Black is beautiful," but then you go and bleach your skin Money you're worse than Yacub cause their are eight stages of graft and you broke down to two Plus you got a bad case of jungle fever And nmmana-nah-nah I just can't believe ya It's quite obvious you don't wanna be a black man So what's next - you're gonna join the Klu Klux Klan? You sold out to your race and it's a big disgrace You can't look your own people in the face You wonder why it ain't no black schools or hospitals You're makin millions of dollars and it's pitiful that you can donate to leukemia all the time But you can't give the Nation of Islam a dime They mention Muslims, you change the subject You can't even shake Farrakhan hand in public That whole busy attitude is a sham Umm bro, umm brother, umm.. Brougham, stop shammin! 	"Stop, hold-up, pause, wait" (2X) [Kane]	Stop shammin! 	"Stop, hold-up, pause, wait" (2X) [Kane]	Stop shammin! 	"Stop, hold-up, pause, wait" (2X) [Kane]	Stop shammin! 	"Stop, hold-up, pause, wait" (2X) 	"Change the groove and funk it up a little bit" I look in the mirror, at times I say, "Damn Black Caesar; how'd you get to be the woman pleaser?" Cause I remember when girls didn't notice me And now they wanna Come and Talk To Me like Jodeci It's strange, how back in the days I couldn't get with em Now all of a sudden the honies they wanna give me rhythm Well I'ma hit it, but still I show no pity So I hope you don't think you gonna be in my next video And many brothers I never even ran with be actin like they been hangin with me since I was a kid I mean just to get a piece of the action Man they start rememberin more times than Michael Jackson But I can't fade to the tag-alongs that want me to drag em on Frontin like a friend just so I can put em in But you cuttin yourself paper thin - stop shammin! 	"Stop, hold-up, pause, wait" (2X) [Kane]	Stop shammin! 	"Stop, hold-up, pause, wait" (2X) [Kane]	Stop shammin! 	"Stop, hold-up, pause, wait" (2X) [Kane]	Yo, stop shammin! 	"Stop, hold-up, pause, wait" (2X) [Kane]	And I'm out The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Big Daddy Kane f/ Lil' Daddy Shane Album: Looks Like a Job For... Song: Brother Man, Brother Man Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [K] Brother man, brother man [S] Uhh, a brother man, brother.. man, yeah! [K] Brother man, brother.. man, go 'head [S] Brother man, brother.. man, yeah! [K] A brother man, brother man, uhh [S] A brother man, brother.. man, yeah! [K] Brother man, brother.. man [S] Uh-huh, a brother man, brother man [Kane] Check it, we wreck shop, from nighttime to dawn It's goin it's goin it's goin it's goin [Shane] It's gone! Cause Lil' Daddy's like a rap helter skelter A bad mother.. [Kane] Chill Shane, respect your elders My younger one, UHH, tall and yellow Aiyyo, I got you covered like an umbrella [Shane] Well, I got a little rap thing I wanna breeze through [Kane] So may I release you? [Shane] Oh oh, please do [Kane] So Lil' Daddy, my ace, my brother Get on the mic and let's rock with one another [Shane] And, here comes the six foot four, the rough and raw to blow up the mic with rhymes you like I strike the stage in a rage and burn just like a twelve gauge shotgun, cause son, the Shane is not the one The noise bringer, humdinger, funky rhyme stinger Bring your girl to my show and I'ma swing her The Lil' Daddy got it down pat, YEAH I'm like the name Heavy D, I sound fat Word for word, line for line, UH I gets mine and show I'm poetically in-clined If rap was made by ? then redeemed because you ain't got no ahhhhhice creeeeeeeeam So take a seat in the rear Don't dare to compare, cause I swear, you gets nothin here The way you see me knock out the next brother You'd think my moms had a talk with LL's mother, huh Aiy-yi-yi-yah, momma mia Man I burn the next MC like gonorrhea Knock the boots on a girl named Althea Then pull her friend by the name of Maria [Kane] Well I got a little rap thing I wanna breeze through [Shane] So may I release you? [Kane] Oh oh, please do [Shane] So Big Daddy, my ace, my brother Get on the mic, and let's rap with one another [Kane] When I grab the microphone and shout You gotta spread out, spread out, spread out, spread out I'm ready to rip it apart, I hit em with one of the rhymes I'm rough in a flash, trash, bash, crash, smash slash mash Run for shelter, no one can help ya You pushed up on a heavyweight, when your rhymes are welter- -weight that's right, wait, because you're not fitted *singing* You're never gonna get it, never gonna get it UHH, I'm what you call a rap legend And definitely the last MC to be present Don't even try to take mines You fuckin new jack, you still got price tags on your rhymes Yo what's that sayin that Hammer says uhh U Can't Touch This, just like a pimple yo I'ma bust this I'm like Steven Segall, _Out for Justice_ As for competition, pssssssh, what's this? You're not prepared too, rappers are scared too Confront this, cause you know damn well you don't want this Some good advice is just break out Before I treat you like a fast food resteraunt and take-out As soon as I see the microphone yo I'ma, seize that Squeeze that, a battle, you better, freeze that Cause if you go through the Wrath of Kane, uhh Not even Lisa Fisher can ease the pain, so [K] Brother man, brother.. man [S] Uh-huh, brother man, brother.. man [K] Yo, brother man, brother mega-man, UHH! [S] A brother man, brother mega-man, yeah! [K] Brother man, brother man.. [S] Ha hah! Brother man, brother.. man, yeah! [K] Brother man, brother MAN, aowww! [S] A brother man, brother.. man [both] RUFFFFFFFFFFF! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Big Daddy Kane Album: Looks Like a Job For... Song: Rest in Peace Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Preacher] Dearly beloved, we are gathered here today for this somber occasion Please join us in the mourning of this U-47 It was a great microphone in it's day until it met it's fate One evening while it was in the studio it was struck by the lyrical force of the Big Daddy Kane So ashes to ashes, and dust to dust May this microphone, rest, in peace.. [Big Daddy Kane] Knock knock, guess who? Yes, ooh The Bigger the B, the Iggah the I, the Jigga the G is comin through Yes I'm the one with clout, they're all talkin bout To be frank, I have the flavor like sauerkraut The microphone assassinator and furthermore I murdered plenty rappers and believe that I'll murder more So if you ask to give the Kane a go You better treat me like drugs, and Just Say No Because I utilize my skills to brutilize And in a battle, man you should see what I do to guys Whenever the mic's mine, I'll rock a hype rhyme and come off, like dirty panties at nighttime Cause any mic that I caress, I finesse with zest, and just bless, best yet to progress King Asiatic, no other rapper stands this You couldn't be a King if you played hockey in Los Angeles I gets pi-daid, top gri-dade, gotta admit ey point blank, the kid's stri-daight Cause when it comes to R-A-P-P-I-N, huh I got it locked up like a bullpen 	"May you rest in peace" -> 3X 	"If this meaning doesn't manifest, put it to rest!" -> KRS-One [Big Daddy Kane] Rappers I get em and hit em and slit em and split em and rid em Acquit em, when I get wit em, you can tell that I did em I take em and shake em and bake em and ache em and break em and rake em, you can't awake em from the comatose way I make em Cause when you're messin with me -- you know what? You can swallow a live grenade and you STILL won't blow up! Pickin up the microphone you shouldn't dare It's like bein on a Stairmaster, climbin and goin nowhere You're perpetratin like you're ready and able but couldn't rock a show, if the stage was a cradle Your rhymes are old as an artifact, and you don't want no part of that So don't even start it black Anyone riffin I show them how I'm livin And give them some of that treatment like my man Michael Bivins I smack em up, flip em and then shove em down Huh, oh I-ah-ah-I-ah-I-ah-I don't be fuckin around To rip this microphone like this today since eighty-seven I came a LONG, LONG way To headlinin, all the way from supportin.. .. and I know you've been watchin me Norton! Through my whole rap career, a lot of young, huh, rappers sat there, and listened, a lot of young, huh, rappers sat there, and wishin.. but.. you couldn't see the Kane with X-Ray vision And just because you didn't see my crew for a few A lot of people thought the Wolfpack was through But if you think the Kane and Scoob and Scrap'll breakup I tell you like Marvin Gaye, "wake up.. wake up.. wake up.." Put it to rest, it's best to 'fess Because the Kane is breakin rappers like the IRS And consider this microphone the deceased Now may it rest in peace 	"May you rest in peace" -> 7X 	"If this meaning doesn't manifest, put it to rest!" -> KRS-One The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Big Daddy Kane f/ Spinderella, Laree Williams, Karen Anderson Album: Looks Like a Job For... Song: Very Special Typed by: OHHLA.com My, my, my, yes, I must admit That I have never knew love like this before And I adore everything about you I do mean every part of For meeting someone this beautiful, have mercy I wanna kiss ya father You're the kinda girl I wanna get closer to Become the most to you like love is supposed to do Cuz I fell straight into your trap And since they say love is blind I'm the Ray Charles of rap And I'm waiting for you to put me in your mix Because ya got my nose open like a jar of Vicks I'll be your king, baby, you can be my queen Uh, let's stay together like Al Green because CHORUS All my love is all I have And my dreams are very special All my life I looked for you And today my dreams come true You need me and I need you Love in us is very special Things you seem to do devine You look straight into my eyes Oh, our love was meant to be Cuz our souls touch tenderly Love is life and life is living very special Well I must admit that you know how to treat a woman Don't stop your love, like Keith Sweat, keep it comin' And our relationship won't ever get dull Because you're always on my mind even more than my own skull You're always givin' me respect and chivalry And I can't wait for your enticing delivery Staying together is a must Those tropicana drinks don't blend as good as us We were made for each other, meant for one another Neither one of us needs another lover And just so it can stay that way Yo, I'm on your side like Jennifer Holiday because CHORUS I talk the macho talk and keep my real feelings hidden But what about that "pimpin' ain't easy stuff"? Aw, I was just kiddin' Cuz if we unite, baby, I'd do ya right Well I hope you meant that mushy stuff you told Barry White Because I think I know you well enough to be understood Well let's talk about sex, babe No, not that good But Spinderella, yes, Miss, I'll still persist Well since you put it like that Daddy then we can do this CHORUS I wanna give ya my love Cuz you're the only one I'm thinking of I wanna give my love Cuz you're the only one I'm thinking of I wanna give ya my love Cuz you're the only one I'm thinking of The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Big Daddy Kane (and the whole crew) Album: Looks Like a Job For... Song: Here Comes Kane, Scoob and Scrap Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Scrap Lover] SURPRISE! Guess who's on the rise? And competition, I'm takin, and breakin em down to size I operate around the clock like city bus Never take five, cause yo when you rest, you rust Be advised, that I pack heat for beef I'm knockin brothers out the box, and knockin out teeth Twenty-one years young and I got the knack (You got it!) to attack and scoop girls like a set of jacks Ruff rhymes that rag any rap herb Built by the best to bust swerves like a sharp curve Fifty percent on wax, no matter of fact every nine out of ten rap acts produce a wack track Twice as nice, but smooth as silk Somebody writin for Scrap, is like givin a cow milk I release, to make it hard for the fellas to cease cause I'm the type to make noise, I don't make peace Here's a new jack, ready to SWING And bring the hype type of freestyle rhyme for the crowd to sing Some say there's a party, but it looks like a job to Scrap I catch bodies with a nickel-plated rough rap Me and ?Slap?, we run together through the city The nitty gritty, always together like titties By any chance that I do get burnt You better believe that I'm comin back, just like a tax return 	"Here comes Kane, Scoob, Scrap" 		Here we go y'all! (6X) 	"Here comes Kane, Scoob, Scrap" 		Here we go!! [Scoob Lover] Move over to the side, let a slim brother wreck it It's that Scoob Lover kid, so pull up a chair and CHECK IT When I get wild like Heathcliff, or Dennis the Menace It's like food to a fat man, finished I bust your head like a apple (A APPLE) And pour the blood in a jar, tell your moms that it's Snapple And wait around my way for your crew, who's next Cause I be lookin out my window with a nine like Malcolm X There's no comp, they all got stomped so Dream on.... dream away.... WELL OKAY! And play like Shante, and _Have a Nice Day_ I drop rhymes that go boom (BOOM!) And I can get funky like a high school locker room Don't even think that I'm country country bamma Scoob is hittin harder than a heavy heavy sledgehammer I rock songs to make your grandmother dance My rhymes are more together than a girl in biker pants I'm never backed up, I never once had a fronter Boy I get more beeps than a roadrunner *beep-beep* I never sweat the girls when it comes to a phone call I got things sewn up tighter than a football So skip to my loo or get stomped by my crew Brooklyn's in the house and ain't a damn thing new 	"Here comes Kane, Scoob, Scrap" 		Here we go y'all! (6X) 	"Here comes Kane, Scoob, Scrap" 		Here we go!! [Big Daddy Kane] Here comes the Prince of Darkness ready to spark this and show the people just who is the hardest Ruff and rugged, kind of similar to a nugget But yet and still, I manage to keep the groove, smoove Rebel for wreck them rappers I dissect them Cause anything I say on the mic will affect them (HOW?) So bad, they gotta run for shelter So rappers take flight like they work for Delta They know I ain't havin it, styles with no crab in it Fakin and flakin it child, you're sadly mistakin Cause who's a rapper here that Kane rip on the mic and start flowin *ZOOM* Yo yo yo, where you goin? That's how they flee from me, the B, the I-G Damn man, you know my pedigree, huh The gangsta, murdera, killa to ya for sure endure to injure him or her The breaker the taker money-maker never a faker My lyrics are built like Schwarzaneggar So all my competition gets destroyed You need to put your weak rhymes on steroid For you to ever to press up on the mightiest man to rip a show and flow, provin that competition CAN'T GO Because I do all, it's easy for you to fall I move all rappers like my name was U-Haul 	"Here comes Kane, Scoob, Scrap" 		Here we go y'all! (6X) 	"Here comes Kane, Scoob, Scrap" 		"and Mister Cee" "Well it's the Kane" 	"bring me on, and ah" "Scoob Lover" 	"bring me on, and ah" "Scrap Lover" 	"bring me on, and ah" "Here comes Kane, Scoob, Scrap Scrap Scrap" "Well it's the Kane" 	"bring me on, and ah" "Scoob Lover" 	"bring me on, and ah" "Scrap Lover" 	"bring me on, and ah" "Here comes Kane, Scoob, Scrap and Mister Cee" The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Big Daddy Kane Album: Looks Like a Job For... Song: Niggaz Never Learn Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Things been said, plenty rumors been spread Many many many new jacks got it in they head that they can raise up on this and put the Kane in fright Heheh.. yeah right! Listen, you're just as soft as baby powder Don't let your mouth get you in somethin your rhymes can't get you out of Some good advice is don't even come out my way You better press up on Chucky if you're lookin for Child's Play Cause I'm a grown ass man in total command One of the best to ever be and no other can ever take a stand When I kick a verse the scene becomes so scary that niggaz get quiet like a library I pick up the mic like a hunter in hot pursuit Oh you want some of this? Then put that mic on mute Because you'll be in more danger than Penelope Pitstop Point blank, you get your shit dropped I got a death blow whenever I throw With double impact to take out the whole row Huh, I start swingin again and again You'll hear so many "ooh ahhs" you'll think it was Boyz II Men I break down, shake down, proceed down, beat down back down, smack down, rip down, get down showdown, throwdown, rundown, come down! *DJ rewinds* Here's a little message for your own concern You try to press up on this and get burned A battle with a non-believe is what I yearn Damn, niggaz never learn 	"Niggaz!" -> Eazy-E 	"This is for your own concern.." 	You Must Learn" -> KRS-One *repeat all 3X* If you ever see a jam playin you can bet that damn Kane will make it sparkle and bubble like champagne Dom Perignon I'm the Don of the set and I'll bet, that the girls, will agree That the B, the-I-G, D-A-double-D-Y Superfly feel like Ron O'Neal, gets ill, I got it goin on Word is bond, I'm more Dangerous than Michael Jackson - hah, sha-mon! So, I don't attract with the wick-wick-wack So take a step back, you new new, new jack Cause young boy, all of your rhymes are pre-natal Mines are fatal, cause I got The Hand That Rocks the Cradle So stay in your crib pen, before you get did in uhh, I mean done in, you gets none and the last rapper to press up on me wrong was.. .. ummmm.. damn it's been that long! So competin is not a smart decision Cause I start to dissin, then start dismissin You're tryin to battle with me well god damn scram The style that you're usin is as old as a Trans-Am Update yourself just like an 850 Shift see, oh what's the use you still can't with me Many MC's tried their best to press up But I guess, their best, wasn't goooooood enough! I'm not Robert Townsend but every time I speak I'll leave a rapper's chest beatin like he had Five Heartbeats Knockin out comp like Rocky Balboa And I make more noise than a lawnmower For my stacks I worked hard to earn (* Kane starts rapping real fast *) Bein the bigger the better the badder the boss The brother to break em when bringin the bomb to blow up the Boogie Down... * INHALES, DEEP SIGH * Damn niggaz never learn! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Big Daddy Kane Album: Looks Like a Job For... Song: Give it to Me Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Big Daddy Kane] Ready willin and able Here comes the new modern day Dark Gable On the mattress and on the boxsprings Girls, they wanna sport me like bamboo earrings The go-getter, the skins-hitter And if your girl says she met me.. I probably did her Word up, the sex super stud I jump your bones like ten Crips against one Blood (NASTY!) The N-A-S-T-Y Ready for action if you wanna see why So come on, and let's do this As I, tiptoe through your tu-lips Like Moses, I part them legs like the Red Sea And then I plant somethin deadly Poundin and poundin, is how I'm servin this Makin it look like, your bed is goin through turbulence Lots of lust, between the two of us The sign on my Jimmy says, "Kidney's or bust," so I shove deeper than the voice of Barry to make you hit high notes like Mariah Carey It's like a Morris Day jerkout to put you in more positions than a Jane Fonda workout I'm ready to tear down walls You say let's chill, but to hell with that, I'm not Aaron Hall, so.. Chorus: repeat 4X 	Give it to me, give it to me * sample of Q-Tip going "uh, uhh, uh, uhh" from _Check the Rhyme_ * 	(Give it here.. -> 4X) [Big Daddy Kane] I paid the cost to be the boss like with that HIV rumor they tried to toss But I'm so good with the women that if I ever caught AIDS a woman doctor'd find a cure just so she could get laid So never fear my dear, just come on over here I practice safe sex, with girls I lay next In other words, the J-hat's on the head Cause I'm too sexy for AIDS like Right Said Fred So can touch you there, hah? Hah? I like to take my, time, whenever, I'm massagin my fingers through a girl -- ooh-wee I leave her wet, just like her beaver had a jheri curl Then I begin to hit those skins So baby doll, let let me in * sample of Q-Tip going "uh, uhh, uh, uhh" from _Check the Rhyme_ * And if you're the slight bit tight from virginity.. .. vaseline on me! Chorus: repeat 4X 	Give it to me, give it to me * sample of Q-Tip going "uh, uhh, uh, uhh" from _Check the Rhyme_ * 	(Give it here.. -> 4X) [sample of a sex scene from a movie] [Big Daddy Kane] Just another pervert that loves to flirt with a skirt so at a concert girls stay alert Cause I be hoppin on em just like a frog I run through, a Luke video, like it's a smorgasboard I start sweatin, my back gets to humpin then I thump and I thump and I thump and I thump I don't carry a gun but I'm packin somethin lethal One of the last she-BOINKIN people So come on Miss Thing don't front You got me on a hunt, and you know what I want, that, U-S-S-Y, wait, that's not the way, oh Pass the P's like they used to say! And when I give you this fat one You gotta guard your grill.. honey nonononononono, not that one.. Because I give girls the grand slam I'm like a radio station: CONTINOUS JAMS Chorus: repeat 8X 	Give it to me, give it to me * sample of Q-Tip going "uh, uhh, uh, uhh" from _Check the Rhyme_ * The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Big Daddy Kane Album: Looks Like a Job For... Song: 'Nuff Respect (Remix) Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Enter the dragon, as I start, to braggin and taggin and sayin I'm baggin all rappers on the bandwagon Feel the fury of a renegade, well men I slayed So send the aid, cause I penetrate Bein the best up, with lyrics I dress up, so don't even mess up Or try to press up, it's better to fess up Cause if a rapper ever goes too far man I start to screamin on MC's like Tarzan So witness the glare when I appear None'll compare, so take a seat in the rear Child, you gotta understand, you just the man sittin next to the man, sittin next to the man, sittin next to the man And no one friar comes higher than the messiah Sparkin the mic like a live wire til I retire Whatever the comp is I burn em like fire with all the blow, I hit em hard like.. PI-YAH So take your hand and fold cause this is total control And no one grabs a hold, huh You got somethin to say, before it's told If you speakin on me, you better hablo espanol Cause I ain't tryin to have none of the penty-ante mumble jumble kick yak, you better get back Clear the way when you see me comin through Back up and bow, nuff respect due.. Uhh, I come down and put my weight on it Drop somethin straight on it, and sound great on it Parties erupt, and stages corrupt I pour like a quart in a cup, worrrrrrrd up I G-E-T the J-O-B done Makin the young boys say, "Daddy I don't want none" You puttin the man to a boy, before I can even destroy I played him like a toy -- Heavens to Merkatroid! Check my Modus Operandi Those who know my name know I ain't about games I go beyond knockin em out the box You wanna be a comedian? Aight, where's Redd Foxx? So if I want you, believe I'm gonna get you I wouldn't give a damn if Tony Terry was witchu So when I come in the same place as my enemy They all start runin like their name was Sheer Energy I won't say what you are but I'll hit you You're found on a woman and a penis goes in you Another clue, your first letters are P-U Act like you know boy, nuff respect due.. UHH, put in rotation, better than creation, with acceleration My vocabulary is very clever like a trick hand, sinkin em like quicksand Makin the competition feel like they need a kickstand to support what they thought would've brought them some type of victory, but none of them could get with me You better never act new Huh, nuff respect due.. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Big Daddy Kane Album: Daddy's Home Song: Daddy's Home Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Intro: Big Daddy Kane 	"You know daddy's home.." Yeah baby! Get them sounds up Action Alright L.G. baby make the track move one time 	"You know daddy's home.." Uh-huh, now dig this here right Now I can remember one time I said, "It's eighty-eight, time to set em straight right?" (word up) What we gotta do is see what we got in store for ninety-four as I continue to give you more 	"You know daddy's home.." This is how we gonna try to bring it to you one time Uhh, and I go, and I go 	"You know daddy's home.." [Big Daddy Kane] Peace peace y'all, don't eat grease y'all, huh A Brooklyn nigga representin the East y'all, come follow me now I get down for my crown with new found wreck and bring the noise like I'm comin to soundcheck The stage is clear for me to rock it So I snatch the mic like a Brooklyn nigga does a pocket Clear the throat, to perform the art to treat the stage like a movie ticket and rip it apart Watch the crowd burst from lyrics that I say to make the brothers get ill, and by the way Dukes If that's your girl in the corner stay up on her cause I've been watchin the morgue, then the Korean store owner (Whoo!) Mack man number one, you know how I move You'd think that I'd be shavin my rhmes, cause they'd be so smooth Mr. Wonderful and all of that gun to pull shit that you be talkin nigga don't even run the bull Cause if I roll on you kid, I do the body rude like the cops did on ummmmmm.. that Rodney dude Peep it! Chorus: repeat 4X (except last line 4th time) 	"welcome to a new Terrordome 	 When I come to roam you know daddy's home.." Watch out now! [Big Daddy Kane] Just like Sylvester it's still on, get it? still, on, fukkit, let's move along I rip shop, in hip-hop, to sew it like a ziplock to get props, in this spot, look at me at the tip-top The kid got, to get hot, you thought that I would flip-flop or drop-drop, but ummmmmmmmmmmm.. I did not! They say, "Kane you're old school out here!" I said, "I guess I got left back, cause I ain't goin nowhere" The Kane will remain in this domain to reign again when I entertain Cause when it comes to lyrics, I got plenty black I'm so god damn dope, I sell rhymes in a twenty sack The microphone pusher man but not drug related Hip-Hop orientated, keepin you captivated Mr. Cee cuts, I linger through em, Larry is singin to em And oh me, I just bring it to em Chorus *fades out* The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Big Daddy Kane f/ Scoob Album: Daddy's Home Song: Brooklyn Style...Laid Out Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Chorus: Big Daddy Kane Come on y'all and feel the groove Get on down and make your move Welcome to the funkiest Brooklyn style, laid out like this Chorus [Big Daddy Kane] I kicks the flavor good, to represent the neighborhood where I come from, and that's the place of Brooklyn where the grimies are born and bred And bullets are like eyeballs, two to the head [Scoob] Well is it Brownsville? Time to represent for the map where the peeps smoke blunts and like to wear mad gold caps The party addict about to explode From the 1-1-2, the double-3 ill zip code [Big Daddy Kane] Parlayin on the corner, drinkin 40's shootin cee-lo It's a Brooklyn thing, aight? You know our steelo And for those who just don't know how it go Play like a substitute teacher and ACT like you know [Scoob] So yo, who wanna set it? You better kick your best G You and your whole entourage couldn't test me I represent for the fo' main And if you're not a booty bandit, then niggaz can't hang Chorus [Big Daddy Kane] Now, let's get straight down to the point I represent for this Brooklyn joint, baby pah, where we're takin it to Makin a few dollars don't mean you gotta forget where you come from and try to be someone, that you're really not and front with what you got You're gonna be looked at as a black man still so keep it real What type of mission can I say you on? Because you musta done changed to some Grey Poupon, heh I'm really happy to see you blew up But always remember my man you grew up in the PJ's all your life, in a broken home (Scoob: Well alright now) Up in the PJ's all your life, keepin it strong, WHAT! I be the Louis Ave livin, live long lastin lover Bonafied black brother, word to the mother Skilled at trades at hand with those who made the man with support and always stayed a fan My dialectic style is perfected in ways you can't imagine rap bein accepted Funk'll slam like a doper jam, pops I'm takin mine like taxes with Uncle Sam So check out the asiatic type of flow like water in the Nile, but it's Brooklyn style Chorus [Scoob] Yo, this is Big Scoob, no practice I'm flippin on niggaz like little kids on that mattress You know my style, Baby Pah from the PJ's My lyrics so dope, they too fat for local DJ's So hear me out, no doubt, no need for screamin My boys in the back, clockin your jewels, and they scheamin Why did they step to me, I hit em, bow, bu-dow Knocked out his fronts cause the kid was mad fragile No need for beef chief I'm rollin mad deep So pick up your teeth, I got him shakin like a leaf Not tryin to scare you, I just wanna aware you I bet you won't even look at my face (WHAT WHAT WHAT) I dare you Yo nigga please, yo I'm nice with these while you're guardin your grill, I'll be beatin up your kidneys Me and my boys with the fat tec 9's with my joint cocked back, in case a punk tried to take mines Where I'm from there's no need for hesitation We cock and squeeze, now where's the doctor for this patient? He's drippin blood and now he's down to his last breath But he won't make it, cause he knows that my joint is def The ill, type of Brooklyn artist who rocks the har-dest, regard-less who you know and where you're from I pull your file (How?) Brooklyn style Chorus The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Big Daddy Kane Album: Daddy's Home Song: In the PJ's Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Kane]	Aiyyyyyyyyyyyyyyo! [Rick]	"For all of y'all.." [Kane]	Check it out, check 	Aiyyo, we gonna send out to all the projects out there [Rick]	"For all of y'all.." [Kane]	Yknahmsayin? Like Roosevelt Projects, Marcy Projects 	We gon' send it to Fort Greene, L.G. [Rick]	"For all of y'all.." [Kane]	Better yet, all the projects in Brook', no 	all the projects on the East Coast [Rick]	"For all of y'all.." [Kane]	Now when we come to Church Street South 	Yknahmsayin? Canal Street there in Durham, North Carolina [Rick]	"For all of y'all.." [Kane]	Streets of Crooklyn, and all the great streets 	Everyone everywhere! Sounds like everywhere around the universe [Rick]	"For all of y'all.." [Kane]	Yknahmsayin? All the projects, yknahmsayin? 	We sendin this out to everybody, this one here [Rick]	"For all of y'all.." [Kane]	Now do you understand me? 	We gonna set it off one time, dig the flavor y'all [Rick]	"For all of y'all.." [Kane]	Ha hah hah! [Big Daddy Kane] Livin in the world of ghetto life Shot with the gun, get you cut with the knife That's the story yo, the way the peeps like to move No fakin the funk, it's all about how to show and prove Some get to make it through life livin legal The others gotta try to survive, doin the evil that men do, peace to every hood that I been through I even got love for my homies in South Central But to the East my brother, cause that's where I stay at Runnin through the streets like a stray cat Like that Good Times show it makes me go hmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm, hmmmmmmmmmm, hmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm Up in the projects, it gets no ILLER With true gue-RILLAS, and stone cold KILLERS It seems that every night, you get to hear the fireworks As much as I hate, to see my people die or hurt it's just a street mentality, a reality Neighborhood warfare, that brings home casualties And just because I moved out the residence It don't mean that I can't represent Chorus: Kane + "Yeah! Yeah!" -> chanted in back throughout So to my peeps in the PJ's, throw your hands in the air [Rick]	"For all of y'all.." Let me know you're out there To my peeps in the PJ's, throw your hands in the air [Rick]	"For all of y'all.." Let me know you're out there And to my peeps in the PJ's, throw your hands in the air [Rick]	"For all of y'all.." And let me know you're out there Ah to my peeps in the PJ's, throw your hands in the air [Rick]	"For all of y'all.." And let me know you're out there [Big Daddy Kane] I'm runnin mob deep around the way It's me and the crew, we're tryin to map out the day Yo what's the haps on how we gettin snaps? Are we gonna shoot some cee-lo, or play a game of craps? Matter fact, Shane, ring the intercom And see if you can get ten dollars from my moms Tell her to throw it out the window if she got it to spare Cause the elevator's broke, and I ain't checkin for the stairs And do me a solid, run to the store shorty And pick me up some Olde E, but not a 40 Just a two-two of brew will do, so I can knock it out fast to make the coldness last [Scoob] And while you at man see where'd your friend go (word) He shoulda been back a HOUR ago with the indo (yeah) [Big Daddy Kane] And meet us in the back park to get sparked So I can be toasted by time it gets dark Aiyyo Jay, I see that bulge in the back of your jeans Hope that's the God U Now, know what I mean? Cause if somebody brings the noise, I'ma make it a silent movie So take the safety off the toolie Cause I don't want no beef, NAHHHHH BABY The only thing I wanna do is PARRRRRRLAY Peace and harmony is what I relate to But damn man, drama's just in the nature Chorus [Big Daddy Kane] I send this out to the homies in the hood That stood by my side, to help a brother do good Just like SWV you was Right Here Yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah we in there From all thugs that flex with all the muscle down to the brothers, that got a swift hustle Like good golly Miss Three Card Molly, a neat trick where people get beat quick Wanna see a sweet vic? [card shark] Jackety Jack, blackety black You get nuttin back, and that's a fact The sweetest game I ever seen All you gotta do is find the red queen Just point to it, can anybody point to it? I play by the point of the finger of the hand "The one in the middle! The one in the middle!" That's black, you get no money back! (Kane: Aww man! See, I told you!) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Big Daddy Kane w/ Scoob, Sauce, Shyheim, Jay-Z, Ol Dirty Bastard Album: Daddy's Home Song: Show and Prove Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Verse One: Scoob Hah hah, hey hey, laugh now nigga My man's right behind you, Kane pull the trigger I don't play, I'm from the hill where shit is real And I'll be on your ass like bugs on a windshield So bring your grip or you can think twice Cause I got more rhymes than a five pound bag of rice I'm hitting hard, oh word, I'm gon rock it Once the shit drops, that's dough to the pocket I cut hand, you still can't get no cards You couldn't deal with Scoob if we was playin cards But if I got beef and it's time for code red My drill is like a hoe, and be takin mad niggaz to bed So hurry up and skedaddle Even if you join a army, you still couldn't battle So where you from? England, you somebody great? You burnin Scoob, "I don't think so mate" I got the style that gets you open like a bag of smoke I have your friends "Ah-hah man, that shit ain't dope" Leave me alone when I'm rocking on the microphone and play like E.T. and phone your black ass ho-wome Yo Sauce, if you're down with the groo-hoove Get on the mic and won't ya show and prove Verse Two: Sauce Hey, here I come with a slick rap, tic tac toe When I flip tracks, so gimme my dick, back I flow to it and through it, if you ever need to wonder how you got dope like Sauce, money you didn't do it I write my own with bigger hope, drink of Scope Wrote what I figured, nope, damn you dig a nigga doe Rhymes too drastic, bastard, pull hookers like elastic N-B-A style, fann-tastic No time to bite, but I just might, tonight I write left-handed cuz I like, to grab my dick with my right Who could ever say that I don't get plenty play Win Lose or Draw, I'm bookin whores, anyway As I get ready I'm steady if I go crazy I'd take Eddie if I was Fred, I think I'd have to bone Betty Suckin and luckin, hey, niggaz I'm duckin, nay Nada no never meaning ain't no motherfuckin way Rappers get gassed come on and get fast Try to get past when I blast, and you can HAND over your ass One line and that's fear Rappers get so damn pussy they gotta go for a pap smear So Shyheim, if your down with the groove Get on the mic it's time to show and prove Verse Three: Shyheim Yo, yo I spark the mic like weed that's in a cipher And I get girls open like a reggae song by Tiger So check me out, as I flip this here track kid And make mad noise like a Metallica record I'm psycho, a villain to the styles I be killin when I'm thrusted, and all competition gets dusted Cause I rock the world from U.S.A. to Asia to Russia If your shit stinks I'ma flush ya, then bust ya Like a crazy man from Cali son My jams be packed like a Farrakhan rally, what? You know my style, I put the F in effin foul The Rugged Child locks you down like Rikers Isle And got more girls than a Trailerload with Shabba More Super than Cat, I'm the punani Don Dada So Big Daddy, if you're down with the groove my man Get on the mic and won't ya show and prove Verse Four: Big Daddy Kane Now tell me whoooo is the mannnn? With the high-potent lyrics no rapper can ever stand And steppin to me, thinkin I can be touched? Huh Not even Michael Jordan'll gamble that much, yo I get down on it and give it to rappers that even act like they want it I come for your title kid, run it! Or else get hit with the ultimate, too legit skit Ahh yeah, that's that shit Drop lyrics on ya, strong as ammonia That is I thrown ya, scold ya, Jones ya, I tried to warn ya You was wack since I known ya, fake as a cubic zirconia What did I just show ya, real lyrics doggone ya Look inside my rap book at every text my man and see that I got, more essays than the Mexican The Messiah that's feared great, leavin rappers in a weird state Scared straight, for their prepared fate Strong as an elephant, intelligent, compelling and elegant So well in it with every single element And competition gets none! Huh If I was wearing pantyhose you still couldn't give me no run I see the way you're trying to get to me,  but with with speech impedi-ment, man you gotta come better G You're hitting all the wrong switches troop begin again Mumble mouth rappers couldn't last a minute with The non-resistable, non-competible No-No-I'm-Not-Sayin-I'm-The-Best, I'm just sayin I'm fuckin incredible! And let's just make one more thing understood That if I FART on a record, TRUST me nigga it'll sound good So Jay-Z, if you're down with the groove, my mellow Get on the mic it's time to show and prove Verse Five: Jay-Z Uh, one checkin it two, checkin it three Check out the J, check out the A, check out the Y, check out the Z Hey G! I'm breaking MC's up like EPMD And these nuts if you rappers tryin ta see me I'm buckwild with styles, ta-dow I've been in it runnin a hundred miles I'm well endowed, baby gal Uhh, the greatest nigga to touch it, you niggaz can't fuck with The, incredible skills of the G from Brooklyn, big up kid And ain't no eatin me up, you fast fuckin with jigga I'm like Prince jeans, I bring the ass out a nigga When I rock it it's in the pocket, baby mop it don't knock it till you try it, once you start, you can't stop it I'm the cocky breed, I'm dope like poppy seed I live one rent from besides that be  between get off my dick and stop jockin me When I bust a rhyme you're diggin the sound I know you lovin the way it's, goin down baby So Ason huh, if you're down with the groove, why don't ya Get on the mic and show and prove Verse Six: Ol Dirty Bastard Come on Wu-Tang killa bees on a swarm Rain on your college ass, disco dorm Slippery when wet and don't you ever forget You couldn't get a FLICK, of the hype outfit Because the way that I dress this style mad wild Enough to make a crowd of women scream "OW!" Whether at a party or just in bed All thoughts on Ason, keep that in your head Yuh, my beats are funky and my rhymes are spunky Sometimes I'll be like "Well god damn what's the recipe?" I don't know, I ask my momma she don't know she says "GO ASK YOUR GOD DAMNED FATHER!" It's all about me in the place to be Niggas thing they all that, yo, that shit is G Mad game and it's a motherfucking shame How many enemies wanna claim the name Of Ason, who carries on like a manager YO!, SOUNDS FLY RIGHT? DANGER!!! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Big Daddy Kane Album: Daddy's Home Song: Lyrical Gymnastics Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Kane *singing*] Do you know, what you're goin through? Do you like this style of rap that I'm showin you? The way I flow for you.. do you know? [Kane *rapping*] Yeah baby c'mon Ah baby baby c'mon, check the rhyme to the song Uhh, aw yeah baby c'mon Ah baby baby c'mon, and check the rhyme to the song One double nine to the four, gotta keep em on the floor and put some real lyrics back in the hardcore What I'm used to hearin, I can't believe it's gone But now just like a grill inside Burger King, the beef is on When I come, rappers begin to speak in degrees I even make Sisters With Voices _Weak in the Knees_ So run for your lives, Kane with the pen is like Freddy with the glove full of knives Who wanna test these skills, come see how it feels I pull you one verse, if that don't kill I got refills You can't do me none, kid you gets nothin If my rhymes was in braille, you still couldn't touch em Man, I'm a bad cat, my style of rap is mad fat And you know, sometimes it's so sad that Rappers today be comin as the gangster rhyme type And be so soft, they wouldn't even kill time right Here's the news, you lettin the word hardcore be misused You ain't never paid dues Be for real, you ain't tough yet The razor bumps on your throat is the only thing makin you a ruffneck Your whole image is a dammmmmmmmn sham I'm glad in this business I didn't forget who I am I always remain the Kane inside a battle *singing* Never to walk in anyone's shadow I do my own thing, I do a thing of my own And with my competition I let it be known that battles I don't lose none, boy you get bruised son Six million ways to die -- choose one! My rap style is like a poisonous vemon We might as well be havin sex, the way that I put it in em And do I crush MC's - are you kiddin me? If rappers were grapes, I'd have a whole wine distillery So, I bring it to your face, with the bass, then I BLOW a rapper off the map, with the rap, when I FLOW then hit you with the skill that is ill, and I KNOW that all of this is good to go, cause yo that's the way the flavor always come The rhymes they flow accordin to the drum The Brooklyn style caue that is where I'm from You want the funk so let me give you some I flip on the flow on the track, just like that Amazin the people the style of the rapppin, is quite fat I'm lickin the lyrics and shootin the gat, on the mic black And this is for all of the rappers that like, and they bite that The Smooth Operator is mellow with the saxophone Settin the tone that make the girls relax and moan Cause all the ladies I'm givin em lots of love Hittin more skins than a boxing glove, good God The girls treat me like the drummer and give me some From tall to short to thick, even the slimmie ones Watch out Goldie! Gimme a forty ounce of Olde E and none of you players can control me You get the chance to see a true mack man with skills to pay the bills, to make more stacks than taller than anybody else's stacks it seem Cause the Kane get more paper than a fax machine The unforgettable, rhymes are too poetical Keep rappers in order more than letters put alphabetical And I hope the record consumers don't believe the magazine rumors Cause Kane is makin a comeback, like Puma's! I get rough G, and set it on your whole damn company and Bogart, like my name was Humphrey When I get through, there'll be no more of them As many rappers I burnt, I should open a crematorium I make mad MC's give me my P's If you try to disrespect, kid you can get these N-U-T's, like the U-N-V's I leave you down on your knees, down on your knee-heeees! Razor sharp, many ways of art Source rings the chart, people praise the God for kickin the flows so fantasitic and this one here We're callin it Lyrical Gymnastics Uhh, so baby baby c'mon Aw yeah baby c'mon, and check the rhymes to the song Uhh, ah baby baby c'mon Suki suki c'mon, and I'm gone! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Big Daddy Kane Album: Daddy's Home Song: That's How I Did 'Em Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash 	Daddy Daddy tell me a story of how you took out that wack MC 		No Daddy, tell them how you beat down that bootlegger 	Daddy Daddy tell us a story! [Big Daddy Kane] Heh heh, alright, alright, alright y'all OK Come on y'all, crowd around Daddy now OK? C'mon Y'all just sit there and listen I'ma tell you about the MC and I'ma tell you about the bootlegger, OK? Here we go children It happened at a jam, some kid tried to sham on the program So I had to silence the lamb and show him who I am So I just set it off on my competitor Freakin the funk as I hit em with crazy metaphors Like back up off me Dukes, because you're trippin You better dry your cranium off, cause your brain is slippin You beatin me is somethin that I doubt The only way you could bake Kane is workin in a crackhouse No man alive can withstand the Kane flow I kick so much flavor that my shoes look like a rainbow You need a whole lot of practice, you thought that you was on the money so I took you out like taxes! Now you can Flea Off, releasin me G, easy be to keep the great MC Then I throw em I lean and mean record to spark So I can school that ass just like Joe Clark next I translated, my rap is more educated and made it complicated for him to illustrate it My dexterity, put him in fear of me and had his mind bewildered by everything he was hearin see That was enough to slow his whole train of thought down So I just speeded the pace up more than enough for him to come around I triple the words, when makin the rhymes, whatever the rhythm Puttin his mind in a prison And oh yeah, that's how I did em That's how I did em (HUH) that's how I did em (HAH) That's how I did em (HUH) that's how I did em (HAH) That's how I did em (HUH) that's how I did em (HAH) That's how I did em (HEYYYYYYYY) I was out flex, lookin cold sex in a Lex' Sippin on a Beck's, pumpin the remix of Das EFX Drive down 125th with my man And what did I see, bein sold at the stand? A bunch of bootleg tapes that he had claim on it So I snatched everything with my name on it And give me that Kool G. Rap tape, and give me that Ice Cube and all the Wu-Tang joints, cause they're my boys too A man tryin to make a livin, I can't knock it But now you tried to take money out of my pocket Word to Miz, what the problem is, is that the kids didn't buy it from The Wiz, they bought your shaky fibs so now it's time to move him off the block Pass me the glock cause I might make a body rock And I'll break down sixteen shots That's One + Eight + Seven on a undercover bootlegger, you're worse than a beggar Makin a fake profit, stop it Cause I work hard for the money, to make cash flow to have another come along and take my dough Nooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo So I just told my man, aiyyo throw the tapes in the Lexus Then we burned his whole stand down just like Waco, Texas And then I jumped on the brother, with rage Crushed his ribcage, damn did he get slayed Cause I don't think he even know whatever hit him Bootleggers beware, cause yeah I did em That's how I did em (HUH) that's how I did em (HAH) That's how I did em (HUH) that's how I did em (HAH) That's how I did em (HUH) that's how I did em (HAH) That's how I did em (HEYYYYYYYY) Give it your best shot, bring it with all you got And watch the bombs I drop just rock your knot Cause it ain't wise to address me I wouldn't advise a schoolteacher to test me Cause I don't just do em, I run through em And I don't just hurt, uh uh, I body work em Lyrical torture, never could support ya For steppin to me, agony is what it brought ya Cause you never seen this type of lyrical genius that could never be touched, and I mean this So one love, I'ma leave you with the rhythm Ain't no need to go off, cause yo hon know I did em That's how I did em (HUH) that's how I did em (HAH) That's how I did em (HUH) that's how I did em (HAH) That's how I did em (HUH) that's how I did em (HAH) That's how I did em (HEYYYYYYYY) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Big Daddy Kane Album: Daddy's Home Song: Sex According to the Prince of Darkness Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [female reporter] The definition of sex varies with many people In search of a few ways to define it we asked actor/comedian Mr. Dolemite his definition of sex And his response was.. [Dolemite] Baby, sex is just like puttin money in the bank Once you take it out, the interest is all gone [female reporter] Then we asked rap star Big Daddy Kane his definition of sex And well *clears throat* according to the Prince of Darkness.. [Big Daddy Kane] Here comes Kane the mack, the sex maniac Bring on the honies and you can't restrain me back from ff.. .. nah I better not say the whole word So uhh, let's just say what make Whoopi like Goldberg Cause I wanna make you sweat, get you wet Perform a miracle in this love duet, see baby I play the game like Keno, plus I know the +Scent of a Woman+ better than Al Pacino And when it comes to girls, I show no mercy They lick me on the chest and say, 'To hell with Hershey' Now it's time for me to lick that body and this is no +Ordinary Love+, ask Sade Baby you're bound to perspire, when I use the nipples on your breasts just like a pacifier Honey please, keep your body at ease And let me see what I can do with those 34 C's I plan to lick your bellybutton my dear and let my tongue walk five steps downstairs The way that I plan to put this chocolate syrup to use I'm gonna wake up in the mornin with a hairy sweettooth And now you're under my spell like a magician Abra-cadabra, good sex and I have ya laid out, waitin for a big treat I'm not the Ku Klux Klan but I stay under sheets And when it comes to sex, yo I'm the illest Plus I know more +Diff'rent Strokes+ than Arnold and Willis I make you feel the reel to reel you feel when I break the headboard down like Shaquille Then bend over doggy style and just watch me ride yo' black ass like I was still filmin +Posse+ Then I'm the one that gets the job done My mattress have more bodies than Al Capone's, gun When I get through givin you mine, uhh Girls be callin me back like *69 So come on over here hottie, let me just 'work that body, work that body' Uh-huh, uh-huh.. Straight like that.. Aiyyo How many real niggaz out there like to have sex C'mon, just ? I said how many real niggaz out there like to have sex C'mon, just ? and say SEX (SEX!) Say AND MORE SEX (AND MORE SEX!) Say I LIKE IT (I LIKE IT) And say I LOVE IT (I LOVE IT) Say I NEED IT (I NEED IT) Say I EAT IT (I EAT IT.. WHOAHHH SHIT) Yeah Well keep it on baby baby, keep it on and ah Ah keep it on baby baby, keep it on and ah uh Keep it on baby baby, keep it on and ah Keep it on baby baby, keep it on The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Big Daddy Kane Album: Daddy's Home Song: 3 Forties and a Bottle of Moet Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Funkdafied one time for your mind This is how we gonna get it off baby Now dig the flavor, ohhhhhhh yeah I got the Mister Cee in the place to be Of course, I be the Big Daddy Kane, here to entertain I got Ax-el, ready to max well Yessir, we gon' get busy one time for ya dig it right? We gonna call this 3 Forties and a Bottle of Moet Why? Cause I drunk 3 Forties and a Bottle of Moet Plain and simple, but this is how it's gonna go for ya Mister Cee, yo It goes a-one, two, three.. Some people call me Kane some people call me Big Daddy My momma's name is Ruth and my pops is Clay Bradley I got a little brother, some of y'all may just know him I would say his name, but we ain't speakin at the moment I walk through the streets of New York everyday I hang with rappers like Doug E. Fresh and Cool J I hang with Tone Loc and Don Cheadle in L.A., plus +I Got a Man+ you know the Positive K I get blasted with the Ol' Dirty Bastard So peace to the RZA, the GZA and to the rest of the Wu-Tang niggaz My man Shyhiem with the gangsta lean, da cream to rise to the top, and you don't stop And Mister Cee, is in the place to be And Mister Cee, is in the place to be Oh Mister Cee is in the place to be And missjones in the house most definitely Ax-el, ready to max well Ax-el, ready to max well The B to the I to the like to the G Rockin on to the break of D As I keep it strong I won't steer you wrong I'm tired of this, let's go on to the next song The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Big Daddy Kane Album: Daddy's Home Song: The Way it's Goin' Down Typed by: jostmatt@bgb.ch Hit me, baby (that's right) Hurt me, baby (that's right) That-that-that funk That-that-that-that- That-that's-that's funkdafied-like fonk That's that retarded-like fonk Like you put your armpits in a drum machine Good God Break me off some of that Come on Easy Mo, just let the beat rock from your sweet stock To bounce the complete block, make everyone on the street flock To this here rhymthm, music'll hit em, get em, my lyrics'll fit em When I get with em, girls I'm in em, smokin like bags of ism The one that keep amazin y'all, don't even know who you're facin, pa The Kane has flipped more tracks than a racing car The one who created it and many others imitated it I heard your rap style, kid - hated it Let me show you how, look here, now check my style What I spit out, it'll raise your brow, make you say wow Ba-da-bow-bow, come on, now let's get down And sway, sway when you hear the music play Hip-hop hooray, this is what I want you to say Hey   I'm in love with Big Daddy Kane   He makes the party swing   He turns the mother out   And rips apart things Then I go...   Da-da-da-da-da Yeah, I like the way it sound And I love the way it's goin down   Da-da-da-da-da You know I like the way it sound And I just love the way it's goin down Now, what's this b.s. you're sayin? And don't try to act like Martin now with all that 'i was just playin' No need to grief or mourn cause now the beef is on Boom-bow-boo-bow-bow - kid, your teeth is gone Just cause you rap that don't mean that you catchin wreck with me You step to this, I give you mic-o-vasectomy I only know one person that can come next to me No, that's a tattle Cause I can't count my own shadow A battle? I gots to have it Unless you're gonna rob me like they give Riddick a win for Chavez Cause tryin to go against the Kane rappin Is like a pimp tryina pull a nun - ain't nothin happenin Clear the way for the one, champion, true black don Gun gettin the job done take a look, hon Back up, son, you know you can't get none Come on, I'm on a whole other level of rap And it's like that, now show me where the party at   Da-da-da-da-da Yeah, I like the way it sound And I love the way it's goin down   Da-da-da-da-da You know I like the way it sound And I love the way it's goin down The B-I-G D-A-D-Y, no, back up and add another D Come back to the K to the A to the N to the E Live from New York, the one and only I give it to you raw for my homies And to the ladies: I take em lookin somethin fine It don't mind if we bump 'n grind If you're with me, jump in line Because if in my wallet I can find one prophylactic Then you better believe, girl, that you're gonna get your ass dicked Hard type of rappers extinct like a dinosaur The kind you saw rhyme before But now you never find no more Steppin to the Kane with some drama to be startin Because I put em all on ice like Tonya Harding Back up, boy, I got the whole convoy Rollin with me on a mission that's to seek and destroy So, to all the people that's been tryin to talk about me You better change your name to 5000 cause you're Audi And if you bring on your crew, I'm steppin to them too Just put the beat on and watch how I swing through The groove, with more style than a backstroke Drivin past my competition like cab drivers do black folks That's the way I move, I always stayed a Smooth Operator with data watin for you to play a groove To turn it out without a doubt and show what I'm about Good lookin, Brooklyn, yeah, we in the house The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Big Daddy Kane Album: Daddy's Home Song: Somebody's Been Sleeping in my Bed Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Now I'm a family man that works hard for the money with the sweetest wife ever *smak* I love you honey I buy her everything, if it takes my last dollar Even her nails and her hair to be done at the beauty parlor We spend ample time together, doin dinner and a movie and whatever else sounds groovy And when we want real excitement and drama, word to momma we walk around in our pajamas in the Bahamas I love her and I need her and I never ever cheat her I'm far too carin to be considered a woman beater My style is gentle, romantic and friendly Nothin like the husband from _Sleeping With the Enemy_ I thought that she was in love with me I used to think that she couldn't get enough of me But lately things been seemin strange and.. baby you changed 	Somebody's... been sleeping in MY bed.. 	Somebody's... been sleeping in MY bed.. Now I've heard of traffic but I've never heard of when you get off at five and don't make it home til ten Another thing that I can't comprehend: matchbox and pens from the Holiday Inn And every night that I had to work late I come home to see that the bathroom ain't straight I look at the toilet bowl and wonder whassup because I know damn well that she don't piss with the seat up And lookin at the underwear in the room Now I wear silk drawers; whose Fruit of the Looms? Another thing that's quite bizarre - my bathrobe smelled like Brut, but I use Dakar Now I'm seein that she's treatin me crummy Also, she must take me for some dummy Because she'll lay in bed and say, "Come on in" but them ain't the same bedsheets from this morning Now yeah my dear have you been busted but I still feel like P.E., +Can't Truss It+ You need another lover like you need a hole in your head and you might get that, you cheesy rat Cause thinkin about the cost of a divorce I feel like Johnny Taylor, it's cheaper to keep her Cheatin on me, what's the reason why? I hope you die 	Somebody's... been sleeping in MY bed.. 	Somebody's... been sleeping in MY bed.. 		You done hurt me, broke my heart 		and played me for your fool 		Now here's my chance to get back at you 		and I'm gonna blow my cool All day long, I'm just singin a somebody done somebody wrong song I'm tryin to see how far can this kid go before our relationship ends up on skid row Why should I try to stay attached to her when I'm probably better anywhere as a bachelor So go 'head girl with that game you're talkin And since you look like CeCe Peniston, +Keep On Walkin+ Your your your cheatin heart, you're tryin to rip mine apart Uhh, I wish I'd seen it from the start Cause now you're caught in what you thought was a fort Took a short, so I'll see you in court 	Somebody's... been sleeping in MY bed.. 	Somebody's... been sleeping in MY bed.. [Robin Harris] I hate my wife I wear my wedding ring on the finger cause I married the WRONG GOD DAMN woman [Richard Pryor] I leave homegirl ? and come back home, college feet be on Artist: Big Daddy Kane Album: Daddy's Home Song: W.G.O.N.R.S. Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Big Daddy Kane] People people, we gotta get over before we go under, and I wonder why we can't find a little piece of mankind Instead of always step back, gimme my damn nine Livin the thug, like the shoot up the drug type They love to hear the people sayin, "Yo that kid is bugged right?" Just a game, so please, out here men die The average black man today don't make it to see twenty-five Cause someone else got the clock rocked Tryin to get the neighborhood locked, to be the new man on the block But if you asked me who's the man I'm like, "You tell me? I don't know, Ed Lover, Dr. Dre and Heavy D?" I got my mind on comin up, if not in first place then damnit I plan to be the first runner up But it seems, I got a lot of problems under my belt and everday I gotta ask myself 	[Scoob] 	Ah what's goin on, in our society 	What's goin on, in a de country 	What's goin on, in your community 	What's goin on, tell me [reggae chat] - can't translate [Big Daddy Kane] I seen a kid freshly dipped with mad gold Fifteen years old, with plenty drugs bein sold But then somebody caught him for his Air Jordans his drugs the cash and the jewels he was sportin You wanna call your girl a B-I-T-C-H You can't appreciate so now she's humpin your man, then she ain't Cause when you teach her that hoe mentality They accept that as reality and give all your friends the skin You need to show some love for your people All men are created equal, that's why with everybody I always spread love, and keep my pockets full of dol-dollars But check it out now We're not the uncivilized, the Kane ? So let's get it together, man we did it when we were slaves Instead of always tryin to blame someone else Take a look around, and ask yourself 	[Scoob] 	Ah what's goin on, in your community 	What's goin on, in a dis country 	What's goin on, in our society 	What's goin on, whoahhhh [reggae chat] - can't translate [Big Daddy Kane] Nowadays it's all about provin you ain't nuttin soft And everybody's always talkin about bustin off But that ain't where we gotta go, kid we can throw and handle this thing like Holyfield and blow Then when we get it off our chest, let's put it to rest and try to make some money progress Because if I got a dollar, and you got ten and you can get a hundred from a friend if five others kick in Shoot, we can take that stack and put it back in a community that's black, to make our people attract like somethin magnetic, cause word is bond it's pathetic We always talkin about this piece of the pie but it seems we can't get it Unless we field the life of a drug dealer and start stellin llello but you know where they go up to the penile, because they chose to be wild And now you're upstate kid, uh, waitin patiently to see trial Now let that whole gangsta route slide There's too much money and skins here on the outside for me to ever let my freedom go Cause I got mine, now get yous, and let me know 	[Scoob] 	Ah what's goin on, in our society 	What's goin on, when you nah haf no money 	What's goin on, people on the street 	Whoahhh, why is it so.. [reggae chat] - can't translate The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Big Daddy Kane Album: Daddy's Home Song: Let Yourself Go Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Somebody tell me who's that, what's that It's the man with the silk drawers stuck up his buttcrack Don't even front and try to ask who is this cause my name rings more bells than a Jehovah Witness Stronger than Listerine, moppin up rappers like Mr. Clean Oh Lord, the Kane just hit the scene Booyaka bo buck, rappers have no luck Cause when I come through, I'm catchin wreck, like a tow truck Cause ain't no way in the world the Kane could ever, fade I'm stayin on top of this thing, in order for me to get, paid And anyone comin to me for a battle is gettin, slayed Whenever it comes to the lyrics I'm rappin I got it, made So back up off me, cause yo' rap have no hap' so slow dat and act like you know dat Cause you can dream about bein this up to par But not even Johnny Mathis can tell you what your chances are Competition I'll drill em, and definitely outskill em To make the long story short, I kill em Cause I face em like Jason, bizarre And when I come through, it's like tchk tchk ahh 	Come on, heidi heidi heidi hoe 	And yo I got the funky flow 	So let yourself go! 	Heidi heidi heidi hoe 	And yo I got the funky flow 	So let yourself go! 	Come on, heidi heidi heidi hoe 	And yo I got the funky flow 	So let yourself go! 	Come on, heidi heidi heidi hoe 	And yo I got the funky flow 	So let yourself go! Givin you mo', ready to go, kickin the flow, rippin the show Comin to blow, check out a pro, look at the glow, act like you know Left the lonely lonely through lyrics loose in me Leave the lowlife left lingerin lost like ??? Anything you can imagine done to a microphone I did it Ripped it, flipped it, hit it, split it, let it so dig it But don't make me get ill, or chill, cause if I exercise my skill rappers'll hit the floor like Johnny Gill The smoothest soloist, with this to exist to bliss and diss who risk to test this Cause this ain't no game, I treat you like a picture of my ex-girl, and rip that ass out the frame I come pursuant, pursuant, pursuant, pursuant and step it to him, to him, to him, to him, to him I leave a rapper's career ruined, ruined, ruined, ruined And watch him fade like my voice is doin, doin, doin Ease back when I attack Your poetry is wack so don't ask for no slack Cause I'm tell you straight up, I'ma bring it son You want +Poetic Justice+ go see John Singleton Because a battle ain't no thing to me And I don't look nothin like Tarzan so don't think you can swing with me Just let the Kane take control, I'd like to know if you really ready for some super dynamite soul! 	Then come on, heidi heidi heidi hoe 	And yo I got the funky flow 	So let yourself go! 	Uh-huh, heidi heidi heidi hoe 	And yo I got the funky flow 	So let yourself go! 	Uh-huh, heidi heidi heidi hoe 	And yo I got the funky flow 	So let yourself go! 	Come on, heidi heidi heidi hoe 	And yo I got the funky flow 	So let yourself go! So what's this? A new attitude, you're tryin to act rude You saw _Menace_ and now you in a gangsta mood What are you kiddin me? That's the heart of stupidity If you wanna be a gangsta, join the mafia in Italy Fakin and frontin on stage like you're hard I hope when you get to Detroit, the real thugs gon' pull your card Flashin guns like you got somethin to prove G What, you wanna be in the next John Singleton movie? You're sayin that you're buckwhylin But don't convince me, convince the brothers on the Island Otherwise just forget it, unless niggaz that did ten years say you a gangsta, I ain't wit it Yo, I raped his mother, yo, I shot and killed him Is that what you wanna get across to the children? I guess you're not gonna be happy til it's for real Four year old kids, doin drivebys on Big Wheels Or maybe you wanna see it be more fatal like Kindergarten kids, tryin to cook crack with Play-Doh Now I don't mean to take the fun out the jam I just want some to understand about the gun in the hand We gotta show our people how to live equal Peace out, I'm catchin folks on the sequel 	It go, heidi heidi heidi hoe 	And yo I got the funky flow 	So let yourself go! 	Uh-huh, heidi heidi heidi hoe 	And yo I got the funky flow 	So let yourself go! 	Come on, heidi heidi heidi hoe 	And yo I got the funky flow 	So let yourself go! 	Come on, heidi heidi heidi hoe 	And yo I got the funky flow 	So let yourself go! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Big Daddy Kane f/ Big Scoob Album: Daddy's Home Song: Don't Do it to Yourself Typed by: jostmatt@bgb.ch {Big Scoob:}   Hey yo, drop it like it's hot, Kane, drop it like it's hot   Yo, pick up the microphone and gimme what you got {Big Daddy Kane:}   Hey yo, drop it like it's hot, Scoob, drop it like it's hot   Pick up your microphone, it's time to rock the spot   (x2) (Oh my god, tell me, is it really him? The legendary lyricist makin matters grim?) Because when I start to flow the results are so deadly Rappers start shakin like the legs on Elvis Presley Sayin (It's him, the great) that's how I intimidate But I just came to get my shit off, so I give them a break And pickin up the microphone after I left Is like givin mouth-to-mouth to a corpse, a waste of breath In other words, I don't leave no remains for you (Forget the men, that's the evil that Kane'll do) I bring it raw, gee, too hardcore, gee The only way you could fuck with me is in a orgy The magnificient, none can come swifter than Cool as ???, but my skin color is different We got the milk and honey My rhymes are just like Abraham Lincoln's face (on the money) Makin me freshest on the land, but let's not forget That if I rapped under water they'd be Aquafresh The best, oh yes, I guess... (wait, wait, wait, wait, wait - You said that shit in '88) Oh, I originate and create the great to dictate And regulate chumps and set em straight I get my point across because the boss is truly yours The source to the force, so put it on pause The one that assures applause, never took a loss Stronger than some Olde E quarts to a can of Coors In other words it's hazardous to your health So don't do it to yourself [Chorus:]   Don't do it to yourself, don't do it   Yo, you better not do it, you better not   (x2) (Stop right there, you better freeze, cease Don't make me put my Timberland boot to your grill piece Big Scoob from Brooklyn comin through, don't start me Don't make me turn your jam into a tec-9 party) Hey yo, what in the world would ever possess you To think that you could touch me Or even try to come above me Or even think that you could flow this lovely? Nobody, and I mean nobody on this whole planet can stand it I rip it apart, and flip up the art cause I'm the best, damn it I crush rappers for the hell of it, defeat, I never tell of it So anything else you heard is irrelevant (You're not on the level) man, you're not even close to me (Step to the Kane) and get bagged just like grocery So spare yourself the misfortune and proceed with caution Cause I don't just burn rappers, I torch em With a skilled-out style that's mad diesel And I got hemorrhoids from shittin on so many people I crush those who oppose with blows to your nose When it comes to my crew (that's the way love goes) The Chocolate City for Black Cesar Incorporated (And all of the soft get faded) So before you step to me use your head And you better think about it more than Special Ed Cause trust me, kid, it ain't like goin against anyone else I'm tellin you, don't do it to yourself The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Big Daddy Kane Album: Veteranz Day Song: Uncut, Pure (Original and Remix) Typed by: jenich@atlas.cz {with help from liner notes} See the crowd in an uproar acting unstable Here comes Dark Gable raps remarkable Mic ripper, cash flipper, Cristal sipper Derrie're batalliere that's French for ass whipper Long time putting work in this, to be tremendous If I'm not the best then I'm a damn striking resemblance  I roll the dice on the streets that be cold as ice And cause great disturbance just like a poltergeist I come attacking this enrage to disengage the missing page  To the newest in age that's hitting stage For I be one that knows the art To get you up and out your seat, if you was Rosa Parks Tell me how much can you take from me the man to make  Rhymes that's so butter my breath smell like land o lakes  You know the lick, seen me hit em like a brick  Plus my posse run thick, not that click from Mario flick Beware of one of the best they be You wanna test the God I hope you mean a SAT  Because your poetasterous style it plain bore me  Pardon the vainglory, but here's the Kane story Chorus Bringing you that uncut pure, knocking at your door About to give you more of the raw Point yo hands up to the sky Verse 2 Fuck the chorus  And let the lyrics sit up in the track like rigamortis I spit a few to listen to when this I do it's as if as you Was invisible it'll make your life miserable  Hip-hop icon, keep a grip like a python I be that wrong one to get fly on Boy you got to get that playa hatin' out you That's the other side of the game and I ain't Erykah Badu Black Caesar, don't you even reach my way You'd sooner find a vital point that's on Priest Pai Mae I heat it up to where I pasteurize half the guys  A fast demise disaster lies as he dies Confront one of the best at rhyming What I write it be so rough that my ink pen need alignment The untouchable, don't want to tempt me I come kicking through your door, unlawful entry  It be me, even though none of y'all want to see me  For real, damn I know how Jehovah's witness feel  I remember how I formed it up  Cause I took what was raw and then I warmed it up Turned the fire down to simmer as I calmed it up But take a look I think the Kane about to overcook Come and get it, but you better come with paramedics Cause you couldn't bring it to me if you worked for Fed Ex I come cutting through split his gut in two I touch em what em do you know the style ain't nothing new Chorus Bringing you that uncut pure, knocking at your door About to give you more of the raw Point yo' hands up to the sky, high Get on down baby we keep it live Repeat Verse 3 A good game it lets the plot thicken,  but the thing that just ain't clickin' Is the way y'all legalize trickin' You talk about your ride and you don't even got one But I can pull a hot one, when inside of a Datsun The wicked in the bed, plus the wicked in the head When I shoot the game, it's like my tongue got infra red Let the Messiah take you higher as I supply ya' what you require Desire and admire it entire Sudden impact as I'm guttin' em black Closest thing to me would be; nothin' in fact I come with more in skill, to always score and kill  Females adore and thrill, sweeter thang than Lauryn Hill As I return with a vengeance, here comes the day of independence  Approach them all with some bad intentions  In other words I'm making them resign, diminish mine Runnin' through them like a finish line  Chorus The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Big Daddy Kane Album: Veteranz Day Song: Entaprizin' Typed by: jenich@atlas.cz {with help from liner notes} This one goes to my man old dirty, one love we be swigging brew Trigger too, even Nas I be digging too Let's see whose left Mobb Deep, oh yeah Meth That brother's hot like curry, one love to Keith Murray Rappers like Craig Mack quench my thirst for comedy I'd love to hang with Red Man but I ain't messing with that bam bazee The Brat, Lil' Kim, Foxy get that loochee Especially that cutie representing for the Fugees, go girls Even the NBA make rap dollars  Shaquille, Chris Webber, Cedric Ceballos Talent's around the world Phoenix to Providence No need to educate Chicago they already got Common Sense Houston and Atlanta we love you Peace to the West Coast they really set the Doggs loose We always say the future's in today's children If so, make sure Shyheim and A + sell a million Peace to Eazy E, Stretch, and Mercury Tupac, and Buffy, Notorious BIG We gots to strive to make hip-hop survive Brothers need to unify to keep the game alive Rappers be coming out with one album then they gone So with cats like Raekwon, support ‘em so they stay on Then brothers like Smooth wouldn't have to hustle It's an every day struggle, but hip-hop I still love you Chorus We Entaprizin, got the hip-hop heads realizin' East Coast, West Coast organizin' Steady risin', money sizin' What we specialize in Repeat Verse 2 The fame in the rap game we all want it In fact by now I hope the Luniz got a hundred on it And if you're in it for the millions E-40  I hope you see 40, before you be 40 What it look like, the great paper chase for ends Lost Boyz being found in Lex coups, Bimas and Benz East Coast, West Coast unite, let's keep it tight And everything's gonna be alright But hold up, it seems we got some hip-hop cheats Depending on just having catchy hooks and beats Rappers using their skills recently I haven't heard of none Me, I represent myself better than Collin Ferguson And yes that I do, I'll shatter you  It don't even matter who, I'll make them all show gratitude Fools, acting like they don't know the rules Need to learn to listen when grown folks is droppin' jewels Now they say, is Mr. Kane coming back to dominate I used to listen to his music back in 1988 Damn he still pumpin', just when you think he ain't nothing That kid just keep coming back, what is he the Terminator or something Lord I skill it in a way to make you feel it Finally I reveal it, party people they can't wait until-  Starts to boom out, so every rap consumer Can bring that old schooler back just like alumni I sting it, booyah, to stop the half steppers tryin' to wing it through ya Don't make me have to bring it to ya' Who gonna be the next clown to come step into my bounds  Right now get down for the crown, mess around get pound to the ground by the sound And let the more experienced entertain Kane, meet the microphone, microphone meet Kane The legendaire, rap extraordinaire Commutin' to your ear, yeah, looka here  Chorus 2x The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Big Daddy Kane Album: Veteranz Day Song: Change This Game Around Typed by: jenich@atlas.cz {with help from liner notes} It's that number one hip-hop tramp, to get your thong damp I put it down till you girls catch a cramp, Take a little trip with the smoothest guy walkin' Usually my fault in, girls wreckless eyeballin Attraction is magnetic, they come and get it Game is all natural, yours is synthetic So while you sittin' there tryin' to get your words straight I bag more dimes than workers at the herb gate Use tight D, on top of tight G Want it done rightly, girlfriend invite me I foresee what you hoping, And say the right thangs to get you open, then I get you open Lay it down from nighttime until the A.M. Watch how I play ‘em, lay ‘em and then fillet ‘em In the kingdom I hit it like lottery Baby you gotta see, the Brooklyn prodigy Chorus It's plain to see, your game is tight enough for me I jus can't keep my cool, I just gotta let it be And now you're in the zone And I'm sure when you play on That the way you put it down Is gonna change this game around Verse 2 Sharp P-I till I return to the essence Making my presence, glow like florescence  I come around and get it like hot peas and butter Drop these and got her, that Kane he's a mother The God don't minimize, I enterprise, when I rise In the thighs, make ‘em see doubles like geminis So, bring it on me no sweat it But you talk that Lil' Kim talk to me and end up bowlegged Give it to you good upon the mattress 6 million ways to get yo' back twist No theatrics when the Kane approach Put you in more positions than a football coach Pimpin' ain't easy but we don't knock it do we Instead we spend chips, get fly, rockin jewelry Walk through the club with the girls lockin to me  It's all love in here baby now sock it to me.  Chorus Verse 3 I don't discriminate they come upon ease Asians, Haitians, even the mommies Please lowdown stankin', plus Jamaican girl bangin' Them call me yard boy cause them seen something hangin' Never do I waste that, I put my face at, a place that In case I wanna taste that  Comfort specialist, is as easy as this Ah miss, yeah duke you better hold your on to her wrist I start roamin like car phones, and  Just can't control my hormones and  I make a move on a ten, and go and get a friend  So I can put my man in While you sittin' there drinkin', that glass of Cris I be sittin there thinkin', what's after this Us two, me and you is what's happenin' Bodily in heat like an African (O.K.) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Big Daddy Kane Album: Veteranz Day Song: La-La-Land Typed by: jenich@atlas.cz {with help from liner notes} Don't you know it ain't what you got y'all it's how you use it Any way you choose it, baby, yes I doos it Laying it out with swift vocabulary I hope you hear me, here comes the Brooklyn theory At your service, got you shook and nervous Now, what you gonna do when Black Caesar comes to surface My purpose is making sure you bless me right So I can climb aboard that money train with Wesley Snipes Daddy love how I get down ain't no secret And every night, my backyard is just like the freaknik What you mean from hot sexy mamas to cool prima donna's Easy pickings on the chickens got them up in the camp It's that old tramp, the one who keep your pum pum's damp I see the honeys in the frontier looking for what you want dear Yes, there's a lot of game run here. Chorus All the playas in the game Another year And ain't a damn thing changed We get together and we do our thing Repeat Verse 2 On stage at arenas or a show in the park I shine so bright my black ass glow in the dark If you're ready or not, if you're petty or hot Here comes the reign of Kane about to get in your spot Your tough talk's monotonous, beware as I be droppin' this Lyrical apocalypse all through your metropolis Sexual Chocolate the velvet smooth voice That be the people's choice and get the girls moist No time for timid fear, cause there ain't no limits here Got the world in my hands you ain't even found the hemisphere It's real scary how rap skills vary bringin' dollar bills near me Making dough rise like Pillsbury Now get this it's time we start stepping to our business I come as living proof so bear witness Not to contradict myself but see really I'm untouchable but making sure you people feel me Chorus Verse 3 I talk that talk from the gutter my game don't stutter I can tell you why white milk be making yellow butter Some cats, they be shifty, some cats they be iffy So I move swiftly, play the field like Ken Griffey Because, I be the all mighty, relax like Tai Chi Making it irie I flow over tracks when the beats are mean Girls I go downtown when the streets are clean Make it happen all my peoples More chips than Doritos I know we all trying to see those So I return to give you more again Because my name dates back until the game's origin See what the fact is, is you need practice With girls I just mack this, stick em in just like cactus Watch me now, baby it's all right I got bunions on my game from it being too tight Chorus The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Big Daddy Kane Album: Veteranz Day Song: 2 Da Good Tymz Typed by: jenich@atlas.cz {with help from liner notes} Times was simply plain I knew they'd eventually change Let's take a trip down memory lane  With the game talker, native New Yorker Gators on my feet, formerly British walker Yes love, that's how it was before When you was funky fresh or down by law Parlay with your crew at the corner store Carrying a boom box ‘til your arms were sore We be wildin' on the corner free stylin' Or politickin' ‘bout doe we see piling Or either girls we be getting with, how we be hitting it Lying bout skins that we didn't get Slow moving at paces through the rat races The Jordache look and fat laces Making moves any type of way I remember it like yesterday, hey Chorus Here's to you That's how it was before When you was funky fresh or down by law Way back in the days how we used to do Thank you for the good times y'all Repeat Verse 2 Déjà vu, things ain't nothing new Shorties make me think how we used to do When you couldn't be sleeping, if you plan on keeping Hold of your sheepskin, heads do be peeping Think it can't happen to you, now could it? Came to school wearing Puma's went home barefooted And on the weekends when everybody click To slide to the deuce to check Karate flicks Come back around the way after dark So the crew could embark on the jam in the park What would happen that night, was to scrap in a fight Only way to break it up was playing Rappers Delight And as I sit back watching you Shorties out there doing what you got to do I feel for you being sincere  Cause where you trying to go I already been there, yeah Chorus Verse 3 Ain't nothing but love I got to give I don't playa hate cause we all got to live That negative lifestyle I prohibit Good life I got to live it, bubbly I got to sip it Now I'll admit that I sort of be flashing  But yet and still I do it in an orderly fashion Bring on the honeys and watch me mack these, stack cheese Go on with your bad self, Black Caes Just when the game got the stakes set high Straight from Bed Stuy, the return of the Jedi With a jewel cause I'm tired of seeing  Charges being brought up, on brothers getting caught up Now it's about time we connect, organize and collect A new wold order's in effect I send this out to the shorties in the hood  I wanna see you all live good  Chorus Chorus The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Big Daddy Kane Album: Veteranz Day Song: Terra N Ya Era Typed by: jenich@atlas.cz {with help from liner notes} You looking in the mouth of madness, skilled out since I had this I'm talking bout nothing but pure D badness  My acceleration is compatible to a bima  My pockets looking greener, from the funky cold medina Don't tell me bout the things that you done did cause I done did it  Don't tell me bout the skins that you done hit, cause I done hit it And once I rock these, with a style that's cock deis Good God, I get the crowd together like knock knees Now, I don't act hard, I just mack hard Baggin' video looking honeys with the big back yard Yes lord, girls I'm gamin' leaving the microphone flamin' Throwing up hip-hop signs cause that's the set that I be claimin' Guerilla war fares for those who love to pull your card Grimies from Fort Green to Malcolm X Boulevard Now, if that's what you're hoping then it's the wrong things you're scopin' I may not rap bout slittin no throats but trust me kid I'll get you open Verse 2 Here comes a taste of the rawness, like you never saw this  Once I grip the cordless, my victory is flawless  Chaos and havoc, lyrically psychopathic  At times get pornographic, lord man I gots to have it Then I commit to hit you with this composite that's ultimate  Too legit splendid come get wit' it for your comfort But then sloppily, rappers try to copy me  Take pieces of my property, and use it all unproperly And probably, been focusing a while to copy my style  But child what I'll compile is too versatile I'm too superior, it's sort of like comparing a  Spanking new Desert Eagle to a rusty little derringer  But skip the tool, let's try to deal here with the jewel  That I'm droppin on you, now let me take you all to school You see, to graduate in hip-hop you must be smart And no you don't have to know how to paint to make your rhymes a form of art Poetry and literature is what makes this English fanatic  Now dig this, I drop science but still deal with mathematics And since I don't be dealing with what's considered a mystery I learned the dead presidents to pass American History Got my degree in rapology Hip-hop had to set me free, look mom, a real emcee So you want yours now, well don't get caught with your drawers down Cause word life, this industry is half corrupt just like the Dogg Pound Verse 3 Rap godfather Oh goodness gracious, you better make it spacious For the vivacious, ostentatious, who feel courageous? I put it on them using my tongue as a sword But at times get broader than broad for those who insist to get floored Whatever it takes to see your nerve gone, and word born  Black Caesar gonna get his swerve on  My name should be referred to in medical terms  Cause I get way up in the cut and I'm talking way worse than germs You like to chase it playin catch like Tom & Jerry But on the contrary, I'd rather sip the Dom Peri  Lay back in harmony, because it's so bizarre to see That all the hard core rappers are slowly turning R&B Well pardon me, you contradict yo'self, I see you not perfect yo'self You like that type music yo'self, stick yo'self  What happened to black men of pride ‘nuff men have died Nowadays what's been applied, in hip-hop is genocide That's when the rappers go get the clappers  Can't you see they trying to strap us just to trap us, good god it's backwards One nation under a groove, that's how we move  It's time to teach the youth get it together show and prove Me no run with the gun or speak of none for action  When you get done scream I'm the one, it looks like an illusion I deal with equality so never call my brethren son Yes mon, me got mad flava just like jerk chicken The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Big Daddy Kane Album: Veteranz Day Song: Hold it Down Typed by: jenich@atlas.cz {with help from liner notes} Rappers stepped to me, but they didn't get none I'm the Kane so you know the outcome The microphone crooner, should have set the tone sooner Hip hop to me Re boxing to Roy Jones Jr. The genuine, search and you'll find That on the microphone I can handle mine Here's a view to a kill as I flipped the skill When it's time to rock the mic like Al Scratch I get ill  I come equipped to fight and if I flip tonight Effects on MC's are similar to kryptonite Water flows that be hard to distinguish It's best to relinquish, you don't want the God to bring this I'm marvelous at the art of this, even if you got assist stepping to me is a lot of risk. I release skills that's abundant to explode and drop on you like flight 800 Chorus Keep it moving world renown showing and proving That we can hold it down Verse 2 Here's a percentage of that old vintage Macaroni flow but its mare than an image Don't let the smooth taste fool ya , Let me school ya On what it is, straight up square biz Swift maneuvering to crush the crew you bring Last thing them want tell me is Kane go do your thing who the king Asiatic non equivalent to any Plus I play the game a more harder way than Penny The plan that I mobilize for dough to rise is no surprise That it comes from what I vocalize I'm the best you can get as I hit you with The stroke of death And I ain't even broke a sweat But this is where I draw the. line you're sure to find Lyrics I be dropping is too much for the mortal mind What's being caused is many MC's I'm seeing lost The hip hop laws should be reinforced You made a record this year, Oh you're hot Something fishy about your style, who flow you got You thought that you could hold me down no you're not Now back up off me, here I come to blow the spot Chorus Verse 3 Alright, here I come to get some But instead you don't want the love to spread I heard that jealousy and envy is a dum one's tool so daddy says nothing he keeps his cool I been through your tribulations and conflicts Anything possible to keep me out the mix But ease back, boy you better freeze that Where my rivalries lack I'm still nice with these Black I rap with the safety cap so that you don't get it twisted And be another statistic How many more to try, is sure to die Slaughter I, all that playa hating only makes me fortify to get the papers to me is a necessity And I don't want a piece of the pie I want the recipe I can't lose with what I use I'm the reason why the lady sings the blues Don't get it confused Chorus The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Big Daddy Kane f/ A.B. Money, Sha-Queen Album: Veteranz Day Song: Earth, Wind & Fire Typed by: jenich@atlas.cz {with help from liner notes} I'm from Brooklyn, New York City I be the Earth motherin', smotherin' MC's  Sha Queen covering 360 degrees See I blow like the wind when I flow to this song Cause a riot like Kaiser like that then I'm gone I bring the fire burn it down to the ground Think of dissin' me, Kane will leave that ass rotisserie (What) Earth, wind, fire we be those elements It's evident, as we come to represent [Sha-Queen] I feel the need to get iller than All these fuckin' wack Mc's, realest Bitch that ever been Dropped the hit single that was flying through the roof I'm lyrical living proof, you can't handle the truth After you heard me spit, still convinced that you ill  Who you tryin' to fool me or yourself, bitch for real Everybody know the deal, you ever get a hunch  To fuck around with Sha-Queen, then I know you out to lunch Break that meaning down, that means disturbed in your mental And that's absurd, I kick the illest shit you ever heard Every rhyme to the last line and pronouns and verbs Too hard to see with your two eyes, then check with your third My frequency's not tainted with thoughts of whores That can only get raw on all fours, with sore back doors Precisely, far from your average girl So, sit back and shut the fuck up, cause Sha rules the world, word [A.B. Money] Listen there was a man in Brooklyn, New York City Where the guys are fly and the ladies looking pretty I'm a let you know, that stuff you pop is junk Cause when I flow, it's the flava of the month Hold up don't worry about nothin', tot shit in a smash like crash dummies This fast money, make me wanna fuck around and blast money I heard your spot makes a lot and give you props This deal is hot, runnin' from the cops'll get you shot But don't sweat it, dry them niggas up like prunes The war's on like Platoon Shot through a crowd like a cartoon Rappin' is fundamental, that's right, re-arranger Hit you like Mortal Kombat, you in danger I got the chronic, six million bionic This rap shit make me wanna scream like Onyx I'm comin' through, that's right I'm gonna split ya Soul survivors on this track, we comin' to get ya Woop, woop, five-o's comin' in the exit Keys jinglin', nine danglin' to wreck shit Step into my cypher, haven't you ever heard a Throwin four five six, ceelo, to one twenty third a  Chorus: Earth, wind & fire you bout to learn We can make the world turn, or make the world burn The three deadly elements for your concern Cause anything you want up out of life you got to earn Repeat See now bring it brother well, well [Big Daddy Kane] Since hip-hop genesis, I been at this in the mix In Bed Stuy tenements, rippin' rappers endless But I won't sit and dwell upon the things I been had Instead I appear, and take your fuckin' spot like Sinbad Now, tell me who shall be first to suffer crucial If you don't know defeat then allow me to introduce you So how you want it, coming through beatin' ya down Watching disaster strike when Busta Rhymes ain't even around The Prince of Darkness be that one man That made them Al B Sure lookin' niggas get a sun tan What I drop should not be followed by anyone else At times I'm scared to kick a second verse after myself As I proceed, followers take heed  I made many men bleed, I made hairlines recede This rap skill here, I destined for a mill-aire And this is one ass whippin' you will wear, you still here? Chorus: repeat 2X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Big Daddy Kane Album: Veteranz Day Song: Do U Really Know? Typed by: hrbek@my-dejanews.com [Kane talking] Here's a little food for thought, as I tell it, cause if it happened to this cat, then it can happen to you, do the knowledge [song starts] I was sittin' outside double parked after dark, I think it was the corner of Nostrand and St. Mark, That's when this stray cat walked up to me, Now I was sure he would be, but you woulda thought he'd know me, tellin' his life story to me, he said 'Yo Kane', since way back in his life, days of Rappers Delight, yo he was after the hype, he rocked the Kangols, Adidas when Run and them had that spot, when I came out, he had a flat-top, and when Naughty came out, a couple years ago, he even tried the braids up in his hair, but they ain't hear him tho, vexed and down, you know next he found, Heavy D was blowing up, so then he tried to gain extra pounds, no thanks to that, they ranked him wack, only thing that's left to do, was to go gangsta rap, so now he rhyme about the keys being sold, the G's being fold, the trees being rolled, now sure he should, he started acting like he from the hood, talking thug game and had his record sales doing good, and so now, you on the road to riches, referring to the womankind as hoes and bitches, yeah, you the man now because you rap is for ?????, but you got your 7 year old daughter listenin', the twist begin, when that the image you projecting, it starts to reflecting on your shorty cause she checking, [Chorus X2] Do you really know, what's the path that you really need to go, and what example you really need to show, the good rep or the hood rep, while she's walking in her father's footsteps It be that excess drama, wonder rhymer, that could make one rapper, convert to, gun clapper, that acting buckwild, boy you know that ain't your style, plus your thug profile is now reflecting on your child, you thinking that it couldn't happen, but then it happen, and now you're rappin, came back to haunt you, because you want to, be in her face puffin' li with your crew, you even let her take a sip or two upon your brew, instead of tryin to shed light, to keep her head right, so that she wouldn't do the things that the next kid might, oh now you never did consider tho, your kid could go, trying to do the things she saw you do up in your video, you went upstairs thinking that she wasn't able, slipping, left your glock sittin' pon the coffee table, so as you hang, with your gang, doin your thang, BLOWE! unexpectedly to your ears the shot rang, came down, never thinking that you'd see what you saw, right there, layin in blood across your livin room floor, so now, as you sit in grief, total disbelief, cause everything that ever mattered, to you is all shattered, instead of concentratin' heavily on what your rep be, you should have been thankful for your child like Cheryl Pepsi, cause if you would have stayed aware, to whose in your care, she wouldn't be no casualty to your career" [Chorus X2] Where did they find you?, you came into this game and let this new trend blind ya, A&R's was wrong to sign ya, you gotta be true to this game to stay in the art, but guys like you get bent apart, because you ain't got it in the heart, representing who? you better not be getting new, how you gonna be guerilla when you never been up in the zoo, your whole persona's theatrical, ain't nothing bout you natural, here, show me now, how many gats you pull, cause when you talk that talk, you gotta walk that walk, or leave it up to the real OG's up North, cause those who dramatize, realize, and be advised, you couldn't handle 3 to 5, cause many seeking fortune and fame, got caught in the game, thinking the thug status was supporting the claim, all you gangsta acts y'all be guerillas on tracks, but relax, cause this is just wax, tell em again, you gangsta acts be guerillas on tracks, but relax, cause this is just wax, one more time, y'all gangsta acts y'all be guerillas on tracks, but relax, this just wax, nigga, damn [Chorus X2] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Big Daddy Kane Album: Veteranz Day Song: Shame! Typed by: jenich@atlas.cz {with help from liner notes} There's no myth or fable about the pimpin' at your label What goes on under the table, why you think your deal is so unstable? Now, whose the macaroni, A&R's acting phony Once you make the matrimony, then he start to slackin' don't he Or could it be the president that's being hesitant Playin' his artist like a corner workin' specimen And I ain't kidding you when I say it's political The way they make a ridicule of artists can be pitiful You know damn well there shouldn't be no company CO Trying to show me about rap that's 53 or so But yet and still they want to add advice, trying to keep their status right When they should be working records for Gladys Knight Who shape artists, man they catching rape charges Once you sign on the dotted line, they lead you in the blind Then you find, your state of revenue remains the same Cause you getting less points than Steve Kerr be getting in a game And just because it be too hardcore to judge it They won't even touch it, and get to frontin' on the budget When new artists come out, I can foresee the worst outcome Cause everybody I know got beat their first album So I took my contract to a lawyer so he can check it out (He don't know) Then I took it to Dionne Warwick so she can read my hand (She don't know) Chorus It's a shame, when artists gotta deal with cheats They got game, for every young rapper they see out on the streets You sign your name, they get like Big Red on the Five Heartbeats Now who the blame, when you starvin' and your record label eats Verse 2 Preach brother  They say the truth will set you free, but I see signs of treachery Go on perpetually, here's how they get you G They use the tricks, just to juice your mix But cross be in their heart like a vampire stabbed with a crucifix I had the enemy in my vicinity with the false identity Of a friend to me to injure me They ride along just to guide you wrong Play like they beside you strong, and start to faking moves like Olajuwon Who side you on, revealing all that low down dirty dealing  I can see your skin peeling it changed like a chameleon First you believe in them, but once you disagree with them They try to get Magilla repertoire and that ain't even them And all those who has betrayed, be fast to fade Cause they cast a shade, with the masquerade What's dealt, is low blows below the belt Lord have mercy, I know how Julius Caesar must have felt I start to think back when I was just a youth I should have listened to the words of the God Born Truth He said, "look out for black snakes they all up in your cypher Black snakes you can't see therefore they sneak up and they bite ya'" They get to flippin' cause they think you slippin' So remember, don't get to slippin' cause they get to flippin' And trippin', what's that you grippin', beside your hippin' You think my heart is skippin', go save that game for Scottie Pippen Chorus It's a shame, to see how far left people be going They got game, to think that all this time you said you know them It ain't the same, Aah, so now you see the way they flowin' Now who they blame, ain't nothing but a wolf in sheep's clothing Verse 3 Now, wait a minute, I'm starting to see lotsa, hip-hop imposters Is rap a category at the Oscars? Too much Nino Brown up in your life Cause since then, man I done seen Wesley Snipes playin' a drag queen But yet and still you want to mimic the stars of cinema Pretending huh? So full of it they need an enema Cause see dig, they all like to talk big But then they want to renege, when there's a curling iron in their wig You talking loud and saying nothing, what's the world becoming? The frontin', now pay attention you may learn something Now, I ain't knocking you, but come on let's be logical You know that it's impossible to stop the unstoppable I would suggest that they, go back and check my resume Cause tunes that I made yesterday, can hang out with the best today Peace to Easy Mo, cause he makes the beats to flow  And I grab the microphone and flip it like pizza dough Chorus Shame  Now who the blame I need to be the Mayor, so I can change the things around here I need to be the Governor, I need to be the Governor The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Big Daddy Kane Album: Veteranz Day Song: Last Night Episode Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash * phone is dialed, rings, and is picked up * [Kane has a conversation with himself] Aiyyo what happened last night, did you forget? You said that you was pushin through my way with some Moet 	Nahhh, see I was witcha man Devon from Calloway 	He came over with Bell and Fay and a bottle of Alize 	The honies wanted to watch me in _Posse_ 	but the picture was sloppy Oh that bootleg copy? 	Yeah 	We tried to beep you before we went to the motel Word? Damn, my battery was on low cell -- oh well 	We took em to this down low spot Man skip the part about the journey; did you hit the skins or not? 	Oh no question -- when have you ever seen my game go nervous? Was y'all trickin? 	Nahhhh, not less you're countin room service, huh 	Besides player, what's a couple of bucks? Was it lobster? 	Fuck no, cheeseburger deluxe AIGHT? The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Big Daddy Kane Album: Veteranz Day Song: Definitely Typed by: jenich@atlas.cz {with help from liner notes} In this corner, representin' BK, NY Who, come again , I That you can't deny For the while I stayed, laid back in the shade Just like a silhouette, however still a threat Once again, I return just to get my groove on Bag somethin' that's a size 7/8 and move on It be nothin' but dime girls I sport Only time I hit a 3 be on the basketball court What you thought, the wrath was about to end Nah baby, never that because I'm out to win So what if he came back , he ain't even hittin' though So why you standin' there with yo' nails bitten low? MC's tremblin', I plead innocent But then again, things can get menacin' Ladies and Gentlemen it's the world renown Come on ya'll let's get down, Dark Gable's in town Chorus Put your hands up high if you testify Are you wit' me? (Definitely) Cause I give it all I got when I rock the spot Are you wit' me? (Definitely) Ain't gon' be no looking tight, we gon' party tonight Are you wit' me? (Definitely) One hundred percent proof, help me raise the roof Are you wit' me? (Definitely) Verse 2 It's somethin' ‘bout that Kane that I just ain't buying How can his rap be solid when his flow is liquefying? He keep it on beat, plus he keep it street Plus he keep it sweet, I mean his shit be complete Thank you love that's right keep it real for me As I run it down to you all skillfully Because it ain't hard to tell who's the liver one Got ‘em all shooken like Allen Iverson See, you talking now but you ain't sayin nothin' I keep you listeners hittin' the rewind button You thinkin', maybe I'm the one to bring it to But, I don't think that's the wise thing to do Another casualty with the audacity, thinkin' that he can last with me Fast to see how I massively, drop skills gradually Hold it down like gravity, naturally Chorus Verse 3 I come wit' the flows that go down like water Some of y'all just ain't got your game in order Hmn, looks to me as though you're simpin' Playa hata's that's attemptin', to be the grinch that stole pimpin' I cram to, understand you, what's your angle? You don't want to tangle Actin' all brand new Nothin' that them can do, when I roll up like bamboo And dismantle, handle, everyone I ran through Baby, you can count on me, a sure thing I be all inside your hood, just like a drawstring The wack, I restrict ‘em, rhymes I kick ‘em Girls I just stick ‘em, whose my next victim? Thinkin' you was ballin', now I'm callin  Yo' bluff(Uh huh), sho nuff (Well alright) Who you came out to see in the place to be The ebony black ice, who that be? (Yours truly) Chorus The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Big Daddy Kane Album: Veteranz Day Song: Unda Presha Typed by: jenich@atlas.cz {with help from liner notes} Somebody get the God Kane, I know he'll back you up Kick a rhyme spectacular, I think the Nigga think he Blackula I seen somebody trying to get him with sunlight Somehow it wasn't done right, then he just laced him with one bite Go for the jugular vein, that's my new thing How did you do it with two fangs, think they were gold like Wu-tang Your luck has been changed, you're left strucken with pain Well good for your ass kid, that's what you get for fucking with Kane. I creep on MC's like po' nine and take rhymes the whole nine to dig in you rappers like a coalmine Now look what I dug me, somebody better turn me off or try to unplug me Ooh it's starting to get ugly Don't miss this, hold on with a clenched fist As I tongue the microphone down just like a French kiss. Relentless with lyrics that be brutal, hip-hop I stay true to Put it on you like voodoo Chorus Unda presha, niggas unfold and felt the heat Possessed with the Brooklyn techniques we freak Ay yo Kane, hit us off with that shit one time They can't believe it, infatuated hardcore rhymes Verse 2  When you diggin' out your girl from behind, you're gonna find  The reason that her eyes are closed, Black Caesar's on her mind  Your royal smoothness, honeys out there know how it goes  Even Cabesa de pollos that habla Español  Dig this now, run for your life to get away but none do  Even if you escape just tell me who can you run to  Test the, stupendous, tell me what was you to gain  Internal bleeding, due to Kane  Boom bow bow, ooh, the pain  Nobody's equal, keep it lethal, and diesel, to see to the people  And reach your cerebral cause that's how we do  The pain gets inflicted, fake MC's get evicted  Face it, truth of the matter is just that I'm too hard to get with  Since days of Pro Keds, I shined over mad heads, roll up on you like the Feds  Rip your whole set to shreds  A crash or a wreck, because I mash for respect  Only thing I want to know now, is this cash or a check?     Chorus Verse 3 Ain't no question,  I'm suffering a bad case of lyrical congestion  Not the one for testing,  come mess with and end up with your chest split  No, not because of cardiac, but because how hard he act.     I'm recognized as the microphone destroyer  Competition minds in the state of paranoia  I said if you're scared, get a dog  So by tomorrow you'll probably see 20 rappers walking with Rotweilers  Your gimmick is primitive, and impotent  You won't win with it so limit it  before I make your body start to hemorrhage  Just when you thought that you was burning me  You found yourself bleeding internally  Now you heads is learning see  I stay in there sincere, You commence prayer, Your heart begins fear, cause there ain't no wins here  Never kid, even with leverage  I can rock your headpiece worse than the wop ever did I damage a amateur with a lack of stamina  Petty grammar, leave you for the medical examiner  You come talking bout some stay real  I'll have you hitting high notes like Curtis,  cause of pain that you may feel (Mayfield) So many tried to infiltrate, but couldn't penetrate  Now they disintegrate as money generate  From who the living legend,  True indeed, Hip- hop veteran,  Whip ass is probably out there  But I swear I never met him  Gimme mine. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Big Daddy Kane Album: Veteranz Day Song: Uncut, Pure (Original and Remix) Typed by: jenich@atlas.cz {with help from liner notes} See the crowd in an uproar acting unstable Here comes Dark Gable raps remarkable Mic ripper, cash flipper, Cristal sipper Derrie're batalliere that's French for ass whipper Long time putting work in this, to be tremendous If I'm not the best then I'm a damn striking resemblance  I roll the dice on the streets that be cold as ice And cause great disturbance just like a poltergeist I come attacking this enrage to disengage the missing page  To the newest in age that's hitting stage For I be one that knows the art To get you up and out your seat, if you was Rosa Parks Tell me how much can you take from me the man to make  Rhymes that's so butter my breath smell like land o lakes  You know the lick, seen me hit em like a brick  Plus my posse run thick, not that click from Mario flick Beware of one of the best they be You wanna test the God I hope you mean a SAT  Because your poetasterous style it plain bore me  Pardon the vainglory, but here's the Kane story Chorus Bringing you that uncut pure, knocking at your door About to give you more of the raw Point yo hands up to the sky Verse 2 Fuck the chorus  And let the lyrics sit up in the track like rigamortis I spit a few to listen to when this I do it's as if as you Was invisible it'll make your life miserable  Hip-hop icon, keep a grip like a python I be that wrong one to get fly on Boy you got to get that playa hatin' out you That's the other side of the game and I ain't Erykah Badu Black Caesar, don't you even reach my way You'd sooner find a vital point that's on Priest Pai Mae I heat it up to where I pasteurize half the guys  A fast demise disaster lies as he dies Confront one of the best at rhyming What I write it be so rough that my ink pen need alignment The untouchable, don't want to tempt me I come kicking through your door, unlawful entry  It be me, even though none of y'all want to see me  For real, damn I know how Jehovah's witness feel  I remember how I formed it up  Cause I took what was raw and then I warmed it up Turned the fire down to simmer as I calmed it up But take a look I think the Kane about to overcook Come and get it, but you better come with paramedics Cause you couldn't bring it to me if you worked for Fed Ex I come cutting through split his gut in two I touch em what em do you know the style ain't nothing new Chorus Bringing you that uncut pure, knocking at your door About to give you more of the raw Point yo' hands up to the sky, high Get on down baby we keep it live Repeat Verse 3 A good game it lets the plot thicken,  but the thing that just ain't clickin' Is the way y'all legalize trickin' You talk about your ride and you don't even got one But I can pull a hot one, when inside of a Datsun The wicked in the bed, plus the wicked in the head When I shoot the game, it's like my tongue got infra red Let the Messiah take you higher as I supply ya' what you require Desire and admire it entire Sudden impact as I'm guttin' em black Closest thing to me would be; nothin' in fact I come with more in skill, to always score and kill  Females adore and thrill, sweeter thang than Lauryn Hill As I return with a vengeance, here comes the day of independence  Approach them all with some bad intentions  In other words I'm making them resign, diminish mine Runnin' through them like a finish line  Chorus The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Big Daddy Kane, GZA, Suga Bang Bang Album: Afro Samurai O.S.T. Song: Cameo Afro Typed by: Cno Evil [Big Daddy Kane] A rap pro, do a show, good to go, also Cameo Afro, Virgo, domino, I go Rambo Gigolo, Romeo, Friday night spend money on a ho- Bound to grasp, Samurai, on what they call each other Erasing all errors, get worked to pall bearers I'm talking caskets, coffins, I'm the bastard swordsman That cause the loss of massing organs Fear factor, here after, disaster Climb like the stairmaster, coming through, clear a path of The raw aggression, that'll take your best on You start talking tephlon, then you switch to Revlon Nigga, choose ya weapon, hope you got your vest on Talking Superman shit, when you ain't got ya S on? Heh, get ahead of who never, your skills too technical Leave nothing left for you, but residue, the state of vegetable The mad swagger, do flaunt it, my dick and you want it Only question now, is "nigga, who want it?" Cause once trouble said (like that) trouble dead Boy, don't make me have to pull out this double edge A rap pro, do a show, good to go, also Cameo Afro, Virgo, domino, I go Rambo Gigolo, Romeo, Friday night spend money on a ho- Tel, to get a good night's sleep, I'm keeping in step Do I come off? Yup [GZA] My sword crash through your breastplate, splash the blood on your scared face Drops leave your trail in the snow, showing the clear trace Behind a punctured steel, they bodies rot Arm and leg missing, head laying near the chopping block An experience, that shattered ya spine, break spirits Same shit that fucks with ya mind, you hate to hear it, nigga Def man world is silent, he hears nothing But we punish those who play dumb, years bluffing Floods and bloodbaths, up on elevator shafts Many rivers choke and body will float it like raft Spark wires from auto-fire, verbal and slang with gats Screws filled with casualties, wherever the tanks was at Conflict iminent, prelimenary attack Everyone's a target, so cemitaries are packed A solid nigga, drink liquids and gas you up Hit you with a stupid flying drug, then pass ya cup [Chorus 2X: Suga Bang Bang] Why, you trying to test me swordplay, when I'm sharp in every way This life I live, I'll do it, all by myself Artist: 2Pac, Big Daddy Kane, Notorious B.I.G., Scoob Lover, Shyhiem Album: (Mister Cee's) Best of B.I.G. Song: Live Freestyle 95 Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Kane]	Where's 2Pac and Biggie Smalls?? *crowd goes nuts* [Scoob]	Yeah, ahhhhhhhhhhhh-ight? (Yeah!) [Scoob]	Keep it goin! [Kane]	Mister Cee.. 	Yo Scoob, you set it off and let's get down for the crown [Scoob]	Let the place.. rock.. that ill shit [Big]	One two.. one two.. one two.. [Scoob]	Brooklyn.. JFK, all my niggaz, Richie, Matt 	Ready to get wreck, ahhhhhhhh-iight? UHHH! 	AWWWWWWWWWWWW SHIT! [Kane]	Go Scoob! [Scoob] Check it, check it, check it, check it This here for the motherfuckin record Here we here we here we go, here we here we go Can I can I can I kick a motherfuckin flow chitty chitty bang bang, I chitty bang bang Motherfuckin niggaz can't hang Well oh no, look at the cloud, it's gonna rain But I don't give a fuck I'm lettin niggaz know they can't hang Don't give me no lip, don't give me no backtalk, yeah break North Don't make me get my gun and blow YOUR MOTHERFUCKIN HEAD OFF Once again, niggaz know my style, GOD DAMMIT unless it's on the cut so give me the mic and watch me slam it Hard like Shaquille, OH you better KNEEL When you see me comin, BIG SCOOB GOT EM RUNNIN Sex when I flex I catch wreck on the world tour with dough in my pockets big like the biscuits, in CB4 Set up a contest, I'm comin, I'm takin the dough They wouldn't pick you even if you had a afro So dont try me, you better walk by me I'll do you like the first part in Menace II Society Like Cypress Hill, yo, I'm INSANE I'll shoot a hole in your toe I'll make you jump like the House of Pain Bang biggy bang biggy bang bang Niggaz can't hang, niggaz can't hang Bang biggy bang biggy bang bang, motherfuckin niggaz can't hang.. [Kane]	Biggie Smalls, why don't you come do it? [Notorious B.I.G.] One two, one two, gonna do it like this WHERE BROOKLYN AT, WHERE BROOKLYN AT WHERE BROOKLYN AT, WHERE BROOKLYN AT We gonna do it like this Anytime you're ready, check it I got seven Mack 11's, about eight 38's Nine 9's, ten mack tens, the shits never ends You can't touch my riches Even if you had MC Hammer and them 357 bitches Biggie Smalls; the millionare, the mansion, the yacht The two weed spots, the two hot glocks That's how I got the weed spot I shot dread in the head, took the bread and the lambsbread Little Gotti got the shotty to your body So don't resist, or you might miss Christmas I tote guns, I make number runs I give mc's the runs drippin when I throw my clip in the AK, I slay from far away Everybody hit the D-E-C-K My slow flow's remarkable, peace to Matteo Now we smoke weed like Tony Montana sniffed the llello That's crazy blunts, mad L's My voice excels from the avenue to jail cells Oh my God, I'm droppin shit like a pigeon I hope you're listenin, smackin babies at they christening [Tupac]	Motherfuckin Biggie Smalls! [Kane]	What you gonna do with it Tupac? [Tupac] Yeah where the motherfuckin thugs at? Throw your motherfuckin middle finger We gonna do this shit like this I thank the Lord for my many blessings, never stressin Keep a vest for protection, from the barrel of a Smith & Wesson And all my niggaz in the pen, here we go again Ain't nuttin separatin us from a mack-10 Born in the ghetto as a hustler, told ya A straight soldier, buckin at the bustaz No matter how you try, niggaz never die We just retaliate with hate, then we multiply You see me strikin down the block, hittin corners Mobbin like a motherfucker, livin like I - wanna And ain't no stoppin at the red lights, I'm sideways Thug Life motherfucker crime, pays! Let the cops put they lights on, chase me nigga Zig zaggin through the freeway, race me nigga In a high speed chase with the law The realest motherfucker that you ever saw [Kane]	Yeah! Come in now man 	Now I wanna see what my man Shyheim gonna do with it [Shyheim] Yo, this goes out to everybody from Staten Island {*ah Mister Cee, and you don't stop*} Yo, times is gettin hard, word is bond, I swear to God I even got caught tryin to steal from the junkyard A born terror, a rebel without a pause I never had a good Christmas, so who is Santa Claus? I walk the streets at night with my head down In this lil town you see clowns that wanna be down So they get a glock and lick shots to get props And when shit rocks all you can hear when the shells drop An old man got shot in the parkin lot In front of my buildin I hang with his grandchildren And for the nigga that pulled the trigga then tried to slide and hide, but he got knocked by the homicide And this happens everyday around my way So I pray that I can live another day [Kane]	This how we gonna do it, hold up Cee, aiyyo, let's try this [Shy]	Staten Island in the motherfuckin house 	Whassup Wu-Tang Clan in here or what? [Kane] Hold up Cee.. Now what's the bullshit niggaz been saying Dont try to act like Martin now with that "I was just playin!" No need to grieve now on, now that the beef is on Uhh!! Oh yeah motherfucker, your teeth is gone Just cause you rap don't meant that you're catchin wreck with me Step to this I'll give your mic a vasectomy I only know one nigga that can come next to me No, that's a tattle, cause I can't count my own shadow A battle, I gots to have it, 'lest you're gonna rob me  like they did, Whittaker when he fought Chavez Cause when it comes to goin against Kane rappin That's like a pimp trying to pull a nun, ain't nuttin happenin Non resistable, non compatible I'm not saying I'm the best, I'm just saying I'm fuckin incredible And let's just get one more thing understood If I fart on a record, trust me nigga, that shit gon' sound good The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Big Daddy Kane Album: Colors (soundtrack version) Song: Raw Typed by: OHHLA.com Verse One: Here I am . . . R-A-W terrorist, here to bring trouble to phoney emcees, I move on and sieze I just conquer, and stomp another rapper with ease Cause I'm at my apex and others are be-low nothing but a milliliter, I'm a kilo Second to none, making emcees run Also don't try to step to me, cause I ain't the one I relieve rappers just like Tylenol and they know it, so I don't see why you all try to front, perpetrating a stunt when you know that I'll smoke you up like a blunt I'm genuine like Gucci, raw like sushi The Sage of Rage is what rap did to me To make me want to create chaos and mayhem cold rock a party, until the A.M. I'll make a muscle, grab the mike and hustle while you stand dazed and amazed, I'll bust a little rhyme with authority, superiority and captivate the whole crowd's majority The rhymes I use definately amuse better than Dynasty or Hill Street Blues I'm sure to score, endure for more without a flaw Cause I get RAW! Verse Two: I give a speech like a reverend, rappers start severin and in my lifetime, believe I've never been beaten or eaten, or just tookin out you know, come to think about, I keep emcees lookin out And real nervous, when I'm at your service Also give me that title boy, you don't deserve this I work like a slave to become a master And when I say a rhyme, you know that it has ta be perfectly fitted, cause I'm committed the entertainer and trainer and Kane'll get with it I go and flow and grow to let you know, I'll damage ya I'm not an amateur but a professional unquestionable, without a doubt superb Also full of action, my name should be a verb My voice will float, on every note when I clear my throat, that's all she wrote The minute that the Kane starts to go on believe it's gonna be smooth sailing so sail on As I put other rappers out of their misery Get em in a battle and make them all history Rulin and schoolin, emcees that I'm duelin watch em all take a fall, as I sit back coolin on a throne, with a bronze microphone Uhm, God bless the child that can hold his own Cause I get raw! Verse Three: chillin, killin like a villain the meaning of RAW is Ready And Willing to do whatever is clever, take a loss never And the rhymes I bust, comin off is a must And I come off hard with rhymes that are odd I rip the microphone and leave it scarred Never smokin or hittin or takin a sniff Only crushin emcees that be tryin to riff I get strong and titanic, do work like a mechanic make emcees panic, they all get frantic And skeptic, like a girl on a contraceptive As I rocked, but hey, what you expected? I'll get raw for ya, just like a warrior rather like a samurai, and I;ll be damn if I ever let a Fisher-Price emcee hang their rhymes are toy, nothing but ying yang So if we battle on the microphone bring your own casket and tombstone And I'ma preach your funeral, tell me who in the world could ever come with more, I get RAW! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Big Daddy Kane Album: Essential Underground Hip Hop Vol. 1 Song: Any Type of Way Typed by: TRDCamry01@cs.com Uh Yeah Ayo Prim' man I be hollering at these cats man, you know Trying to make them understand the realness in this here game man you know This how serious it is on these streets Yo check it, uh... [1st verse] Survival of the Fittest today, that's still the test I seen em kill the best, in this ghetto wilderness It's real in the field, cause they bring the drama hard Guliani got me off, looking like it's Amistad Be whatever's clever, with the thought of slipping Thug's start to flipping, black women resort to stripping When they say, the drug game's dead, that's not a fable Hustler's is locked down, or either got a label Either try to keep the heat on ya, on the street corner Ya sleep, a week later, your peeps mourn ya Stick up kids, pudding in working in pea's Your food stamps feed the next cat Turkey and Cheese Aint no devourance, I speak it now in defense I'm only here to make dollar, outta knowledge, power, sense So be about the paper, till your pockets are full Please stop with the bull, less is profitable, come on... [Chorus: scratched by DJ Premier] "Making moves any type of way" "Straight gutter from the ghetto to the burb" "Take it back to the days of..." "Do or Die" "Straight from Bedstuy" "Know what I'm sayin" "Making moves any type of way" "Straight gutter from the ghetto to the burb" "Put these rapper's under pressure, till they break" "Ya'll know who this is" "You know" [2nd verse] If you in this for the cheddar, you better get it fast Cause in another minute, aint gon be no middle class What you think this shit will last, time to Monopolize Streets got lots of guys, and I know we got the size What I prophesize, is the way to start the rise Cross the T's, dot the I's, and we will not demise I come through the door, four four's to get at your's The Eye of the Tiger, no, I'm coming with the claws It's my chance to get the finance, so why dance With proper guidance, To take it to the next high stance I'm tryin to live Incredible, get dat revenue Thinking ahead of you, that's your girl, let her through What you better do, is try to chase the paper Society will rape ya, when you fight forces of nature I been walked that path before, so I do feel you The early bird will get the worm, and drink it with Tequila Ya heard... [3rd verse] I've been sitting outside, building with this O.G. Never will I forget hte jewels, that he told me He said when you holding, never show your wins In this ghetto, your friends flip on you like Doberman's Dat buldge in your pocket I see, you better hide While you at it, tuck that medallion inside Forget the microphone, you need the iron we squeeze So you can, clap four like Siamese seals Distrust and greed, this was indeed Given by the man's, and know we living by the land And life I tackle, with my soul trapped inside this Tabernackle The only thing that's missing is the shackle's Do what we gotta, to enterprise with the dollar Create a different aura, for the children of tommorow Therefore Rakim's style, to make my cash Come to me in big piles, and I'm out like 6 files Ya heard... Artist: H.E.A.L. Foundation   Kid Capri, Big Daddy Kane, Freddie Foxxx, LL Cool J, Queen Latifah,   MC Lyte, Boogie Down Productions, Run-D.M.C. Album: H.E.A.L. Song: Heal Yourself (Chorus:Harmony) Heal yourself you got to heal yourself (Kid Capri talks) (Big Daddy Kane) Mama said don't do crack and smoke you know 'Cause it will make your nose grow like Pinnochio Since I was only 15 I had to listen To what was said for my parent was a christian I went to school and saw all my friends do it But I said no 'cause I don't want my nose to grow They started tripping on me, busting and flipping on me So I had to front and say yo, true, stick it on me I started smoking to prove I'm an adult Now it's a habt but is it all my fault I wished my mother would have told me the truth 'Cause now I'm all based out, ma dukes (Kid Capri) Oh man I like the way that's going down Now why won't you do is kick a little Freddie Foxx (Freddie Foxxx) Everybody rise as I present to a jet black crowd What it's like to be black and proud In a world where white is right but not tonight This is a black man's might I heard a sister say she don't like darker shades of black On a man 'cause that's wack But to my light skin sister can't you tell You're just the surface of a dark deep well And how can you prefer to be wit those That sprayed you wit gun and hoses And never put roses on the graves Of the slaves that they treated like dirt After all that hard work (Kid Capri) Clap your hands to the beat, C'mon, just clap your hands to the beat Freak it now (LL Cool J) One of the biggest lies you hear from no one else Is when a girl tries to say she don't do it to herself Always fantasizing but steadily denying Last night she had to stop 'cause her baby was crying She do it on the phone all alone wit a smile Run the water, grab the shower cap and get buckwhyled Soap suds on the floor, oh Al B Sure Give it to me, give it to me, give me a little more I'm fiending, creaming, screaming, dreaming (what else) The girl's possess by the basehead demon Chorus (MC Lyte) In Elementary, Lyte had the Jordache look Like me and any other kid who cared about books But then I got wise and I begin to listen To the wack teachers and the wick-wack system My mother put me in ? Which means black school in Swahili And there is where I learned black history And how to be the best that I can be I went back and now the school is closed There is nowhere for black youth to go To be taught by brothers and sisters who knows what it means To be a black child or a white teen In the end the youth is being mistreated Which means the world is being cheated (Queen Latifah) Dane was never taught her life was worth something But when people don't try to improve it makes me want to hurt something You want to be somebody and be a standout But got your handout, oh you're broke, I guess it's off to your man's house Why is sister's giving up the ball Today it seems not to father you too hard They call us squeezers and you prove it to the worst You have to earn the right to say it's ladies first (Kid Capri) Oh man this is Human Education Against Lies You better know the flavor kid (KRS-One) Human Education Against Lies tries To open the eyes of humanity before it dies Black and white ain't the real fight That's the only thing the media hypes The real fight are these major corporations Holding back on real education Before you're a color, first you're human Teaching humanity is what we're doing (Kid Capri) And just when you thought you knew everything there was to know You didn't know anything about this, tell 'em Melodie (Ms Melodie) Daddy's home everyday since he lost his job His new line of work is now beating up mom Mom is scared, she doesn't know what to do Her beautiful skin is now black and blue She used to cry, now she's back in the pen A human war between women and men (Kid Capri) Melodie, Kid Capri (Jam Master Jay and DMC) Jam jay on the way, yo Human Education Against Lies To all the girls and to all the guys Get paid, get it made Get a good grade, live to a very old age Checking out jet, no disrespect To each and every member of the opposite sexes Is yes, listen to the messages and I send some We never knew where the poison came from Yo, we're rapping on H.E.A.L. so we thought we like to mention Acquired Immune Defiency Syndrome AIDS, we're here to make you get wise Human Education Against Lies (Kid Capri talks) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Big Daddy Kane Album: Duck Season Vol. 1/The Man: The Icon 12" Song: The Man/The Icon Typed by: miguelv2000@hotmail.com * * send corrections to the typist [Big Daddy Kane] Uhh Like this It's strictly business baby Uhh Mr. Cee, now, y'all feel me The name is Big Daddy you know as in your father You read the book of Mack and now it's time to meet the author Ain't no fallin' on precise the mic Get the bite words to follow like dice berg and babble I follow the rules of engagement That I learned from the school in the basement When I move on the pavement Cats don't understand what they facin' Stay patient, I date ya game like Playstation You still sorry, represent ya skills poorly Vigorous pain that you about to feel shortly Cats I kill softly, gets bless, spills of me Get more bucks than Milwaukee keep it real for me I know the vision and the spot in the light Took a swing at the God, and all you got was a strike All you haters in the game you get blocked of the light But you couldn't see the Kane with a binocular mic Who want it "Hip-hop icon keep a grip just like a python" "The name Kane, is superior to anyone" "Hip-hop icon keep a grip just like a python" "It means Kane Aziatic Nobody's Equal" "Hip-hop icon keep a grip just like a python" "The name Kane, is superior to anyone" "Hip-hop icon keep a grip just like a python" "It means Kane Aziatic Nobody's Equal" [Verse 2: Big Daddy Kane] The rapgame plex sees a Mary got regular That's what I take it to, fuck you gon' make it a Dark skin smooth talkin' hog bitch cruise talkin' All starts in New York And my figures I spread apart, check yo game Cause nigga, my repetoire just don't change Pimps up, hoes down, breasts up clothes down Shock with the hustle, when stuff goes down I'm still peppin', nothing but the ill women I smash the bust of on they crest like Bill Clinton You checkin out the claws and I know I'm real temple But I got the right force to make 'em all feel different Y'all smokin mad buddha the ak knew that the fast shooter With the attitude of a sad cuba Now you wanna pass through the life of somebody, please call "9-1-1" But it won't be for Wyclef you heard!? "Hip-hop icon keep a grip just like a python" "The name Kane, is superior to anyone" "Hip-hop icon keep a grip just like a python" "It means Kane Aziatic Nobody's Equal" "Hip-hop icon keep a grip just like a python" "The name Kane, is superior to anyone" "Hip-hop icon keep a grip just like a python" "It means Kane Aziatic Nobody's Equal" [Verse 3: Big Daddy Kane] Pullin ya I don't know who the fuck you tryin to hang with We don't even speak to say kinda language My chore is declined cause you crossed the line, steppin Way out your league, must have lost your mind You're goin home with the same girl that gettin bed I slide with instead every night a different head Get her hot with the spot like it forbid And get more brain than Zombies in the Living Dead Make sure profit's more brokes I gets de-sated Grass my nigga will believe we're still close Of real most, of your lames just cunnings That's what you call spittin? Than shit I'ma vomit Huh, lyrical veteran best to come into sever Whenever they come to crumble and measure andt I'm ahead of them Listen child lock your fists and cow You better WATCH yaself like Mister Kyle You heard!? "Hip-hop icon keep a grip just like a python" "The name Kane, is superior to anyone" "Hip-hop icon keep a grip just like a python" "It means Kane Aziatic Nobody's Equal" "Hip-hop icon keep a grip just like a python" "The name Kane, is superior to anyone" "Hip-hop icon keep a grip just like a python" "It means Kane Aziatic Nobody's Equal" The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Big Daddy Kane Album: Mo' Money Soundtrack Song: A Job Ain't Nuthin' But Work Typed by: compbuttons@hotmail.com When you work, sometimes it's wet And when you sweat you're gonna get wet You're gonna get wet (OW!) Work it, oh come on now, work it, ow Now work, come on work it, ow (You're gonna get wet) Work it, once agin come on now, ow Oh, oh, oh, oh now [Verse 1] I was the one to say I'd get the job done, I did it and got with it I must admit it was well fitted A piece of the pie would be fly Instead of a crumb for a bum, uh I gotta get some But I don't wanna be a second hand, middle man I wanna take a grand stand and Makin' the cash flow grow Pullin' myself outta the dirt And a job ain't nothin' but work [Hook 1 with various ad-libs] WORK! A job ain't nothin' but work WORK! WORK! A job ain't nothin' but work WORK! WORK! [Verse 2] Mo' money, mo' money, mo' money got get me To get paid in this trade And I believe that I can acheive To make ends meet like a hair weave Survivin' in this economy people in the wold wanna be Stayin' in the upper class so you're the path The rich gets the most and the porr gets so little And only money love can make it in the middle I can't let life get the best of me I gotta take, take control of my own destiny Control what I hold and of course be the boss of myself No one else will bring my wealth I gotta hit them streets to make ends meet So just bust the style of a hustler Runnin' scam so damn many people will probably get hurt And a job ain't nothing but work [Hook 2 with various ad-libs] Workin' everyday All the damn week A job ain't nothin' but work to me Workin' everyday On the subway A job ain't nothin' but work to me A job ain't nothin' but work [Verse 3] No more workin' overtime You get your's and I'll get mine I won't stop at any cause I wont stop till I'm the boss [Hook 2 with various ad-libs] [Verse 4] Straight outta the ghetto None of the Beverly Hills or Flushing Meadows I made it this far had to gamble, scramble, ramble Ain't no shame in my game And I came through like a double bread But still there's more here I'm not the greedy I'm the needy, seekin' that financial status That where my pockets will be the fattest I'm not gonna be employed when times are hard I'm so against workin' I wouldn't even take a blowjob I'd rather do my own thing I gotta be the one in charge To make myself live large A J-O-B is not for me, I don't want no parts of it So take this obe and shove it [Hook 1 with various ad-libs] [Hook 2 with various ad-libs] Artist: Big Daddy Kane, Biz Markie, Craig G, Marley Marl,  	MC Shan, Roxanne Shante & TJ Swan Album: Mr. Magic Tribute 12" Song: Mr. Magic Tribute Typed by: Gemini_20502K@Yahoo.com, kirenamloh@msn.com [Intro: Marley Marl] (*Marley Marl Scratching) And you know sometimes man....... You never know what you missed, if you can't touch it again...salute! (*Biz Markie: Mr. Magic!)  (**Notorious B.I.G.: E-E-Every saturday Rap-Rap Attack M-Mr. Magic!) (*Biz Markie: Mr. Magic!)  (**Notorious B.I.G.: E-E-Every saturday Rap-Rap Attack M-Mr. Magic!) [Chorus]: (Sample Courtesy of Patrice Rushen "Remind Me") Listen close realize why Hip Hop is where it is The reason that your favorite DJ is spinnin It's (Magic) Give it up for (Magic) Make way for (Magic) Let's Go (So Magic, ummm hmmm) Yeah! Been rippin down airwaves for y'all from the get go The originator of the Hip Hop mix show It's (Magic) Give it up for (Magic) Make way for (Magic) Let's Go (So Magic, ummm hmmm) [Verse One: Big Daddy Kane] I remember those days from the past when the tone rocked From blastin the boom box till your ass in the room locked Listenin to the voice of Sir Juice past curfew A friday and saturday night virtue You're not a DJ so don't compare handles The radio's first one to ever Clear Channels And that should live forever kid that's where It's at Since your name is Magic, it's just a disappearing act, you'll be back [Verse Two: MC Shan] Mr. Magic, I'm a miss you, I love me Super Rockin' Without you, hip-hop just wouldn't be poppin You made me who I am in so many of ways And thanks for puttin rappers on the radio waves Bid my final farewell 'till I see you again Now I spill a sip of wine for my partner-in-crime Better meet me at the gates, 'till then, I'll be missin you Rest in peace forever, from a fan, a Super listener [Chorus]: (Sample Courtesy of Patrice Rushen "Remind Me") Listen close realize why Hip Hop is where it is The reason that your favorite DJ is spinnin It's (Magic) Give it up for (Magic) Make way for (Magic) Let's Go (So Magic, ummm hmmm) Yeah! Been rippin down airwaves for y'all from the get go The originator of the Hip Hop mix show It's (Magic) Give it up for (Magic) Make way for (Magic) Let's Go (So Magic, ummm hmmm) [Verse Three: Craig G] Aiyyo! "Be yourself 'fore ya find yourself by yourself" One man said it there was no one else All I ever wanted to hear was "World Premiere!" I knew at the top of Hip Hop I was there I just wanna salute, the leader of The Juice Crew Before the game was based on YouTube Obstacles we moved through, Craig G verse strong You know when I'm speakin, "The Rap Attack" I rhymed every weekend [Verse Four: Roxanne Shante] ...And you would grab the mic and say "There's a lot of Roxannes' but only one Shante, now get 'em" You were smashin right on the air Tell 'em to change the game, takin names because it's outta here And all I say is that's my crew - WHADDUP! Sir Juice forever, that be you - WHADDUP! (Oooo-OOOOOOOHH!!) And nothing we did was ever shockin 'Cause I'm Shante and you're Super Rockin' forever [Chorus: Biz Markie] (*TJ Swan) We are reeeeeeeeeeaaaalllllly gonna miss him!!!! Who we talkin 'bout (Magic) Who! (Magic) Who! (Magic) Who! (So Magic) We are reeeeeeeeeeaaaalllllly gonna miss him!!!! (*His name is Biz Markie and my name is TJ Swann!) Who we talkin 'bout (Magic) Who! (Magic) Who! (Magic) Who! (So Magic) (*Tribute to Mr. Magic were rockin on and on!!) [Verse Five: Marley Marl] No one ever knows, when one soul goes And when that soul grows, he leaves his foes Back-to-back, Friday and Saturday Lookin back, I couldn't have it, no other way Crossfader, goin back and forth like click click click While you proceed to smackin off that lipstick Flex finally admit it, we used to put it on him I'm back up in the saddle, it's about to pick on, B [Verse Six: Biz Markie] The first DJ that believed in us (The first DJ played us on the radio!) He had the golden voice, he was the people's choice He had the crowd in the palm of his haaaand! Word is bond, he was a phenomenon Hip-hop lost a wonderful man! Just like karate move, we gonna forty deuce We're gonna miss Lucky a/k/a Sir Juice!! [Chorus]: (Sample Courtesy of Patrice Rushen "Remind Me") Listen close realize why Hip Hop is where it is The reason that your favorite DJ is spinnin It's (Magic) Give it up for (Magic) Make way for (Magic) Let's Go (So Magic, ummm hmmm) Yeah! Been rippin down airwaves for y'all from the get go The originator of the Hip Hop mix show It's (Magic) Give it up for (Magic) Make way for (Magic) Let's Go (So Magic, ummm hmmm) [Outro: TJ Swan] Super Rockin Mr. Magic! Super Rockin Mr. Maaaaaagggiiiiiccccccccc!!!! My name is TJ Swaaaaaaaaaaannnnnnnn!!!! My name is TJ! Super Rockin Mr. Magic! Super Rockin Mr. Maaaaaagggiiiiiccccccccc!!!! My name is TJ Sir Juice!!!! My name is TJ! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Big Daddy Kane Album: Wrath of Kane 12" / Classic Hip Hop 2 Song: Wrath of Kane Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash, jostmatt@bluewin.ch Marley Marl Mr. Cee Scoob Lover, Scrap Lover Jay Zee Born True B Boy Hawk [ VERSE 1 ] The wrath of Kane, takin over your circumfrence Destroyin negativity, and suckers that come with The weak, the wack, the words, the poor I thrash, bash, clash, mash (* Mister Cee scratch *) and then more Blow up the scenery, I reign supremer, see You need a savior to save ya, so lean on me I'm playin rappers like a haunted ghost And stomp em out like a wanted roach I slay my prey and they decay I blow away and throw away So go away, cause I don't play Attackin like a psychopath  Breakin rappers in half So feel the wrath Of Kane! (The name is Big Daddy) (Here to bring trouble to)	(4x) [ VERSE 2 ] The man at hand, to rule and school and teach And reach the blind to find their way from A to Z And be the most, and boast the loud and proud The Kane'll reign your domain! (YEAH KANE!) The heat is on, so feel the fire Come off the empire, on a more higher Level than 'def', one step beyond 'dope' The suckers all scope and hope to cope - but NOPE Cause I can never let em on top of me I play em out like a game of Monopoly Let us beat around the ball like an Astro Then send em to jail for tryin to pass Go Shakin em up, breakin em up, takin no stuff But it still ain't loud enough So Mister Cee, let the volume grow So I can flow - now yo Juice Crew's the family, Slick Rick's a friend of me And Doug E. Fresh, Stet', KRS and Public Enemy Blahse Blah, you know who you are The red, black and green, the sun, moon and star Knowledge of Self is bein taught here on after Peace in the name of I Self Lord and Master I come to teach and preach and reach each With the speech every leech I'll impeach Drop science and build with math And the dumb, deaf and blind'll feel the wrath Of Kane! (The name is Big Daddy) (Here to bring trouble to)	(4x) Marley Marl, break it down! ( * the track is turned off * ) Bring it back, Cee ( * Mr. Cee brings the beat back in scratching * ) [ VERSE 3 ] Line by line, chapter after chapter Like a pimp on the street, I gotta rap to Those who chose to oppose, friend or foes  I still dispose, and blow em out like afros So many rappers have fronted to get a name out Yellin and screamin and dreamin but still came out Off the wall and butter softer, y'all So you waited for Kane, to come forth to all Competition, that bite and chew and crunch and munch To play me out position, you on a mission But stop lyin and tryin to front adventures Your rhymes are more false than dentures Freeze, as I get warm like a heater You bite like a mosquito, but still can't complete a Rhyme or find the time to design a line Or phrase that pays, so you dine on mine And steady frontin and tryin to be a friend of You mgiht as well see _Guess Who's Coming To Dinner?_ So just quit, submit and forget Huh, you must be on some new improved shit! I get busy from sun to sun I'm only 21 and untouched by anyone No one throws bangs or blows All foes, I keep em runnin like pantyhose They get soft and tender, front and they'll surrender I turned off more lights than Teddy Pender- grass, bring on your class, forced be my staff But when I'm in effect, they feel the wrath Of Kane! (Here to bring trouble to) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Big Daddy Kane Album: The Very Best Of Song: Give a Demonstration Typed by: jostmatt@bluewin.ch [ +recorded for but not used on the "Prince of Darkness" album+ ] [ VERSE 1: Big Daddy Kane ] Give a demonstration To the whole rap world rhythm nation And take a taste of this verbal vibration With more color than you see on animation And bear witness to my smooth operation As I give the party people a sensation And give them all a good feel of jubilation Me and the mic become a good combination To rock the house without any complication The crowd'll give the Kane a standing ovation That just gives me even more motivation To pick up the pace and give you more fascination With the ryhmes in my rap creation They show the power of the Kane's innovation And create an extravagant inspiration So here I am, to give a demonstration [ Big Scoob ] (Give a demonstration) (Give) (give a demonstration) (G-)(give a demonstration) [ VERSE 2: Big Daddy Kane ] Give a demonstration And take time out for a dedication To all the deejays and radio stations Who put my record in heavy rotation Reprise reps for their affiliation Of course Warner Brothers help my elevation For publicity to artist relation And Rushtown for a great three-year duration And Carol Lewis for the tour preparation And Farrakhan for the righteous conversations I can't forget the people all around the nation From the adults to the younger generation The black, white, Chinese and even Haitian Because the music ain't about segregation It's a harmony to bring communication So listen up as I give a demonstration [ Big Scoob ] (Give) (give a) (give) (give a demonstration) (Give) (g-) (give a demonstration) (Give a demonstration) [ VERSE 3: Big Daddy Kane ] Give a demonstration For you to get a much better illustration And give the sucker MC's an education Because their style is just a cheap imitation It seems you need a little bit of dictation But what I'ma do for you in this situation Is supply a process of elimination Serve justice by means of termination Because a biter only brings aggravation A lotta trouble and a lotta frustration So here's a little bit of useful information So that you can see some acceleration It's gonna take hard work and concentration A lotta tears and a lotta perspiration That's the way that you blow up like inflation And then maybe YOU can give a demonstration [ Big Scoob ] (G-) (g-) (g-) (give) a demonstration) (Give) (g-) (g-) (give) (give a demonstration) (Give a) (g-) (g-)(give a demonstration) (G-) (g-) (g-) (give a demonstration) [ Big Scoob ] So can I give a demonstration For the sick people with constipation You need to take a little bit of medication So you can go take a dookie on the toilet Know what I'm sayin? Do you know what I'm sayin? So can we give this demonstration? So yo Me and Big Daddy We kickin it on the down low Word up Word up, just buggin in the studio Know what I'm sayin? Givin all y'all party people out there a - little - bit of - de-mon-stration For the year '91 me and Big Daddy gon' say peace Artist: Cold Chillin' Juice Crew Album: Winter Warnerland Song: Cold Chillin' Christmas Typed by: jostmatt@bluewin.ch [ Fly Ty ] Alright Aha Juice Crew Christmas time We gon' do a real Christmas song ( *Marley Marl in the background* ) Go for it, Kane [ VERSE 1: Big Daddy Kane ] Jingle bell, jingle bell rock with hip-hop Hmmmm... look what we got Here, yeah, I definitely can relate One heck of a Christmas present for '88 As I flow, and let it go So fresh, like Santa, you'll have to say "Ho, ho, ho" So girls and boys, let's make some noise Give thanks for joys and all goodies and toys For Christmas, yes oh gee, this must Be the greatest holiday treat, so people just bust How I celebrate as we elevate Big Daddy Kane is on the mic and I'ma tell a great Christmas line for your delight That's Merry Christmas to all and to all a good night [ Fly Ty ] Nah, nah, nah Shanté, where you at Yo Shanny (Here, here, here) Get on the mic, baby (Do I have to?) Come on Shanny, you got to Got to You gotta, Shanny Come on (Alright, alright) Let's go Kick it [ VERSE 2: Roxanne Shanté ] Now I've been a good girl all year round And this is what I want from the people are down Now I am mainly speakin 'bout my family and friends I want a BMW, a Jaguar, or a Benz (A what?) It really doesn't matter the expense of the gift Cause bein around I'm such a spiritual uplift To think about all year when we're illin To get together and just be Cold Chillin' (Yeah, I like that) Cause in the past year I made a record with Rick (Haa...) But now I'm gonna end this like Eartha Kitt It may sound cute or it may sound crazy But this one's for you, Santa Baby [ Fly Ty ] Ooooh... ( *Shanté in the background* ) I don't know, hahahaha Hold up, what that... Ah, Shan [ VERSE 3: MC Shan ] You hear a lotta jingle bells at Christmas time But I done decked the halls with a Christmas rhyme Santa used to drive a sleigh any Christmas past He was chillin when I seen him last A Lamborghini with a spoiler kit Driver looked like Santa and I said: "Oh, it's..." I blamed it on my mind in an altered state But chillin up north on a reindeer plate Instead of Louis Vuitton or a Gucci vixen His ride had pictures of Donner and Blitzen To top it off he had a phone and tints Instead of threads homes' tires left hook prints He came to halt, but he did not screech And in the back of my mind somethin said, "Don't reach" He said, "Ho, ho, ho... yo Shan," loud and clear "I ain't heard a rap from you in a year Merry Christmas, here's some beats, there's brew and a broth And if you don't rock these, that means you're soft" He said, "Shan my man, I got a busy night And you'll be straight next year if you rock this right" To my surprise when I awoke on Christmas dawn I couldn't find my tapes and my lyrics were gone But underneath the tree in a red and blue pack Was a Cold Chillin'/Warner Bros. contract So I'm here tonight to share my cheers So Merry Christmas and a Happy New Year (Pump it up, pump it up) [ Fly Ty ] Kane be doin it again Wanna do it again, Kane? One more time, go 'head [ VERSE 4: Big Daddy Kane ] Now once again let your hands applause With this contribution to Santa Clause To Frosty, to Rudolph, etcetera, etcetera Just remember these rhymes we send to ya 'Tis the season to come to reason With the good spirit we find to be pleasin Easin, every single form of tension Also, I'd like to mention Merry Christmas to Biz Markie (from the Juice Crew, y'all) Kool G Rap, Polo and Craig G Marley Marl, Glamorous, the list goes on To Powerful Percy and TJ Swan As me, Shan and Shanté get the job done Season's Greetings to everyone ( *Shanté in the background* ) [ Fly Ty ] Hold it Kane, hold it It's not over Wait a minute [ VERSE 5: Fly Ty ] Now I'm Fly Ty with the Christmas tree The one who makes the Juice Crew complete A true professional, I'm not an amateur So Season's Greetings from a jolly good manager F-l-y T-y You can't deny the fliest of the Fly Ty Cold Chillin' with Shanté, Shan and Kane here Not in a rush, I leave it to the reindeer Yeah, it's strange to see me rappin But for Christmas, who knows what can happen? So for everybody out there that caught this buzz Have yourself a merry little Christmas [ Fly Ty ] I told you I could do it! I told you I could do it! I told you I told you I could do it! Yeah Yeah Yeah, my name ain't Russell, Andre, I'm for real For real We outta here We outta here Merry Christmas from the Juice Crew Cold Chillin' on Warner Bros. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: 2Pac & Boot Camp Clik f/ Big Daddy Kane Album: One Nation - The Album Song: Where Ever You Are Typed by: dy_face@yahoo.com [Big Daddy Kane] Watch me!! - ain't no question I'm suffering a bad case of lyrical congestion Not the one for testing Come mess with it and end up with your chest split No, not because of cardiac, but because how hard he act Ha! I'm recognized as the microphone destroyer Competition minds up in the state of paranoia I told him if you're scared, go get a dog, so by tomorrow You'll probably see twenty rappers walking with Rottweilers Your gimmick is primitive and impotent You won't win with it, so limit it Before I make your body start to hemorrhage Just when you thought that you was burning me You found yourself bleeding internally Now your heads is learning, see I stay in there sincere, you commence prayer Your heart begets fear, cause there ain't no wins here Huh! Never kid! - cause even with leverage I can rock your domepiece worse than the wop ever did - WHAT! [Tupac] Ha ha ha, nigga, you out your fucking mind? Ask me to blast, no need to ask cause I'm mashing Peeping the latest fashion, copy-cats in plastics get me the flashing My adversaries shipped in caskets, murdered them bastards Witness the past, got bombastic Now that they freed me, no one can see me I completely eradicated my competition, father forgive them Assemble the troops, prepare my loots for combustion Rushing them motherfuckers, the deadliest nigga busting How can they touch me when they lost in thought? On Death Row; we lock shit down across the ball Now flash, and watch me get in that ass like a bikini Lyrical legendary so niggaz'll never see me, completely defeat me Can never happen whether rapping or scrapping Niggaz get smashed on their motherfucking back Hard to kill, and even harder to stop Watch Kane and Pac drop the show shot! Tell them motherfuckers [Big Daddy Kane] Here's how we'll do it The niggaz in the pen don't put your cash in your hands So that I can spend a grand of Benjamen up in Japan Now who's the man?  And therefore my Luci, eating Sushi (Ha Ha ha) Checking out some type of movie featuring the Sho Kosugi [Tupac] Yeah! tell me Kane, when will niggaz learn? In this game, fuck with us, niggaz getting burned We're taking turns on you bitch-made negro-os I hope it hurts, cause you're worse than these groupie whores [Big Daddy Kane] One more time baby I'll be forever, the gogetter of the Cheddar Thinking ahead of my competitor, just too clever to sever I got it together, to represent with my true nig' The first syllables of our name together is Tu-big Think about that! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Afu-Ra f/ Big Daddy Kane Album: Life Force Radio Song: Stick Up Typed by: chanedogg@hotmail.com [Big Daddy Kane] Fuck playin games, I start takin names Shake ya frame, time to start payin Kane Don't make me have to take it there and start sayin names Give you official in the middle initial Yes we do the thang, don't care who we bang Quick to bring the belt out on cats like Pootytang I'm that, new we in, mighty supreme being Names that you thought had heart, but seen fleeing [Afu-Ra] Rap sire, never tire, call me Messiah I walk bare foot on hot coles below fire The type to floss the teeth, with barb wire The type to cross the street, in the cross fire Survivor, not stuck in a job, metaphysical Go ask your mother, yeah, do what you wanna do Now we can go shot for shot, verse for verse Worse gets worse, I put you in a hearse [Chorus: Afu-Ra (Big Daddy Kane)] (Cause it's a stick up!) Honey's wanna back it up, thugs wanna bag it up, no need to act up (Cause it's a stick up!) Got it rapped up, got it cracked up Get your hands high, up in the air before you get slapped up (Cause it's a stick up!) Honey's wanna back it up, thugs wanna bag it up, no need to act up (Cause it's a stick up!) Got it rapped up, got it cracked up Hands in the air, before you get slapped up [Afu-Ra] Now hit 'em up, knock 'em in the bread basket You get dap quick fucking with my mack shit Around the corner, cats with four faces They scheme and plot, I'm like one shot block Mass producer, my lyrics is cereal juices I'm breakin out tonight, I'm makin moves kid Gain collateral, matter of fact it's true Your beef'll stop when my judo chop chop [Big Daddy Kane] We can do it any you want, let's get it on So, say ya blessings unless you know your lessons If you do baby, you better yell those off Feel these elbows, run those shell toes Slip a not at all, don't bust one shot at all Because I go with extra strength like Tylenol Once connected with Afu, and you know we attack Come together like Kobe and Shaq [Afu-Ra] A to the F to the U, to the R to the A I pull out steel on tracks like everyday [Big Daddy Kane] Guess who spray, keep the name shook over here Play your plee's, just a crook over here [Afu-Ra] Look over there, cat's is sittin pretty, with the chilly-willy Cover me son, yo I'm gettin busy [Big Daddy Kane] Yo, we prepare for anything that transpire Keep ya mouth closed when I pass fire [Afu-Ra] Slap fire out ya ass cuz you gettin too gas I know my math and I mix it with the razzel-taz Hide your bling bling, you ain't down with God And all the wolves know you left without your body guards [Big Daddy Kane] How could it not be hard, we swell dee-sel Pee-pel feel hell, neck and back like e-zell Niggas wanna re-bail, follow the dust to the mist Come and get it, now who's fuckin with this? [Chorus 2x] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Big L f/ Big Daddy Kane Album: The Big Picture Song: Platinum Plus Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Big L] Yo yo what the fuck man? Big L.. takin over the streets Flamboyant Entertainment Chorus One: DJ Premier (repeat 2X) 	"What y'all bout to witness.." -> Jay-Z "Big L, Big L, Big L.." {*cut*} "My-my-my-my, my whole crew wild.." 	"The game is called rap.." "Other MC's ain't got a chance at all.." {*cut*} "My-whole, my, my whole crew wild.." [Big L] Yo, I'm straight loco, to hell with you and your broke hoe You ain't a big dog, you more like Toto, you got no dough I smoke 'dro mixed with cocoa, strong as bolo I pack a fo'-fo', platinum ro-ro Anti-homo, that's a no-no so fuck po'-po' I push the seven-fo'-oh and not the Volvo C-Town push the six-oh-oh, I'm with a bitch on dolo Chips from here to Acapulco While y'all buck for legs I, buck for heads I even buck celebs, nigga fuck the feds My underground niggaz, y'all can shine with me Got my own label now, so y'all can sign with me Y'all can take me from the bottom and climb with me that's fine with me, that's how it was designed to be Chorus Two: Big L (repeat 2X) Aiyyo, gats we bust (backs we crush) Only hot tracks we lust (crazy stacks we clutch) And we need plaques to touch (that say platinum plus) cause half of you niggaz that's rappin now (is wack to us) [Big Daddy Kane] And cats still wonder can they get as hot as he been That probably depends, let me show you how to begin Bang chicks in Marriotts down to Quality Inns Hit the bar spend cash like Monopoly ends Plushed out, rock gators and exotical skins Come in the hood, flippin the chicken and broccoli Timbs Niggaz come in the game, block they shot at the rim That ain't in you - the FUCK you gon' possibly win? I do it, "Booty Calls" on the BlackSTREET Teddy tip Keep a steady grip, make cream just like Ready Whip Heavy with, styles that's the deadliest Cats on that petty shit watch how much lead he get You tryin to go places, chasin Oasis About nothin gettin low wages Drink Hennessey with no chasers Right hook is like Joe Frasier's I'm the bodacious Body parts are big and like Schwarz-a-niggaz Smokin Garcia Vega tryin to get the larger paper If you, block the cash, we lockin ass I'ma put it in your chest like a Stockton pass Only out to earn figures like we please but I don't mind to burn niggaz like CD's Now - exhibit, styles I kick with it [*COUGH*] Pardon me, but I'm fuckin sickwiddit Chorus Two Chorus Three: DJ Premier (repeat 2X) "Other MC's ain't got a chance at all.." {*cut*} "My-whole, my, my whole crew wild.." 	"What y'all bout to witness.." -> Jay-Z "Big L, Big L, Big L.." {*cut*} "My-my-my-my, my whole crew wild.." 	"The game is called rap.." [Premier keeps cutting] "Other MC's ain't got a chance at all.." {*cut*} "My-whole, my, my whole crew wild.." 	"What y'all bout to witness.." -> Jay-Z "Big L, Big L, Big L.." .. "Other MC's ain't got a chance at all.." .. 	"What y'all bout to witness.." -> Jay-Z "Big L, Big L, Big L.." {*cut*} "My-my-my-my, my whole crew wild.." .. {*cut*} "My-my-my-my, my whole crew wild.." 	"What y'all bout to witness.." -> Jay-Z "Big L, Big L, Big L.." The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Busta Rhymes f/ Big Daddy Kane, Lil' Wayne, Nas, Reek Da Villian, Spliff Star & The Game Album: Don't Touch Me (Throw Da Water On 'Em) (Remix) 12'' Song: Don't Touch Me (Throw Da Water On Em) (Remix) Typed by: Gemini20502K@Yahoo.com, kirenamloh@msn.com [Intro: Busta Rhymes] This is a national security alert!!! (REMIX!!!! REMIX!!!! REMIX!!!!) Ground Music! Flipmode! Aftermath! Here we go!!! (REMIX!!!! REMIX!!!! REMIX!!!!) [Verse 1: Busta Rhymes] Real talk word to mother it be the gutter brother Back with another banger to set off the summer Better get up and come a-round cause the way our shit will be cloggin up the toilet You probably should CALL THE PLUMBER!!!!! You niggas get dumb and dumber thinkin you can come around and test me!!! Like these other niggas well pick a number I''m sayin you should never ever think that you better nigga Get it together and body your shit since mommy named me Trevor Stellar the way I give a hell of a performance and get a Reaction I attract all the people to COME TOGETHER!!!!! WHETHER NIGGAS REALIZE OR NOY OPPOSE A LETTER JUST LET A FELLA THINK WHAT IT WOULDN'T MAKE HIM REMEMBER THAT When I'm in the buildin it's cool for you to rest in Remember I'm too hot to touch kid CURIOUS!!!! My fire burnin niggas serious I gift wrapped the flame and give it to niggas HERE IT IS!!!!! SEE THROUGH MU'FUCKER WE'LL NEVER BE EQUAL I'LL BANISH AND MAKE 'EM VANISH AND DO IT FOR THE PEOPLE!!!! I be the baddest see when I see when I spit I become the maddest And kill 'em until the blood SEEK THROUGH!!!!! Front if you want but you know who the top biller Bounce while I'm killin the strut and walk with a bop KILLA!!!!!! [Chorus: Busta Rhymes] SO DON'T TOUCH ME NIGGA!!!! (You might burn yourself!) DON'T TOUCH ME NIGGA!!!! (You might burn yourself!) It's gettin hot in this bitch! (So throw the water on 'em!!!!) We got 'em hot in this bitch! (So throw the water on 'em!!!!) HERE WE GO!!! [Verse 2: Reek Da Villian] (Busta Rhymes] R-double E-K, D-A Villian I'll pull a grip out of this waist and splatter ya face When the cali' blow, you'll get a face shot like a cameo Rob the man and leave his ass naked like he D'Angelo Bet I'll let a pistol dismiss you if it's a issue Of a tissue that money'll get you clapped quick! (COME ON!!!) Turn a wimp past wittle to a gym class hero When my AR13'll make 'em backflip (COME ON!!!) [Verse 3: Spliff Star] I'm a BK felon I'll run you down with a weapon My goonies get looney anytime that I tell 'em Dead 'em!!!! I walk around with stacks in my denim With fast foreign cars with the gator skin in 'em Now I got pretty women all around the world If I been in your city probably pound your girl Had her stretched out swimmin in the pool with her breast out Send her back home set to fire the sex out!!!! [Chorus: Busta Rhymes] SO DON'T TOUCH ME NIGGA!!!! (You might burn yourself!) DON'T TOUCH ME NIGGA!!!! (You might burn yourself!) It's gettin hot in this bitch! (So throw the water on 'em!!!!) We got 'em hot in this bitch! (So throw the water on 'em!!!!) HERE WE GO!!! [Verse 4: The Game] Motherfucker, it's FLIP-MODE, when I come up in the club Throwin up a dub, liftin up a snuff Flipmode be stars, you know who the fuck we are Used to be fishscales, now we fuck with caviar Eatin on supreme shit, at the round table On some cream shit, like I grew up in Queensbridge I talk reckless, the whole world know My style is C4 and I'm ABOUT TO BLOW {*explosion*} So don't get close, we'll touch ya ribs And come bust lil' brother with the stick-up kids Like, "SHHHHH!! Take off the watch!" "SHHHHHH!! Take off the watch!" "SHHHHHH!! Take off the watch!" They said Game in the club with a big ass clock Like BOOM!!!! Guess who stepped in the room LAX comin through, JFK real soon [Chorus: Busta Rhymes] SO DON'T TOUCH ME NIGGA!!!! (You might burn yourself!) DON'T TOUCH ME NIGGA!!!! (You might burn yourself!) It's gettin hot in this bitch! (So throw the water on 'em!!!!) We got 'em hot in this bitch! (So throw the water on 'em!!!!) HERE WE GO!!! [Verse 5: Lil Wayne] Chirp on the check like Michael Jeffrey Even the referee said I need an ESPY, award just applaud I'm a boar with a broad I go hard and my leather so soft and I cough And the board of health say the boy need help I am so hot the AM just melt All aboard all aboard black card no fraud I'm an extension cord I'm a lightning rod I'm a lion roar I'm a dinosaur I'm a sinus minus the nose I'm a cold I'm raw than a temperature rose to five and, two o's that's 500 degrees for those who know My fire's higher than a liar, we don't burn rubber, we burn tires We riders we ciders, we live in The Carter Wayne is a flame that could live in the water Ok now let's get it straight either you bait Or the mate either eay you on my plate gettin ate After grace, if you taste like base, snares and tenors be my dinner I'm hotter in the winter, burn like sinner, turn like sinner I swear I'll put ya in the urn by your picture Pa we ain't playin Weezy baby be the man Hotter than the Peter Pan till wet here I am [Chorus: Busta Rhymes] SO DON'T TOUCH ME NIGGA!!!! (You might burn yourself!) DON'T TOUCH ME NIGGA!!!! (You might burn yourself!) It's gettin hot in this bitch! (So throw the water on 'em!!!!) We got 'em hot in this bitch! (So throw the water on 'em!!!!) HERE WE GO!!! [Verse 6: Nas] Man, listen I spot a square dude from a distance Through the tenant Maybach curtain in partition Nip and Tuck niggas, I could never fuck with 'em Or pass the blunt with 'em, let the guns hit 'em Bring fire, frizzy hair for perspire You ain't a rider, pat'nuh! I'm a crippler Crutch give a hospitalizer, hottest whip driver Heap on my hip, the biggest life or death decider I ain't a rapper or an activist I'm badder I used to run from a cracker named Lieutenant Casper No black leather jackets or black horasis My old days, like I said from a Vogue page And none of y'all cock what I cop Forget your excuse if the music ain't hot Where the Range? Where the drops? Y'all never got hoes See you on the club, wrist never on froze [Chorus: Busta Rhymes] SO DON'T TOUCH ME NIGGA!!!! (You might burn yourself!) DON'T TOUCH ME NIGGA!!!! (You might burn yourself!) It's gettin hot in this bitch! (So throw the water on 'em!!!!) We got 'em hot in this bitch! (So throw the water on 'em!!!!) HERE WE GO!!! [Verse 7: Big Daddy Kane] Busta Bus pick me up in the Coupe to come bubble through This is routine kid it ain't nothin new You bring trouble to me the untouchable Make me have to bring in the troops like George W I'll scorch you somethin awful when I fell through Of course the raw to be when you could put a broad to Better bring with you your fire extinguisher Listen I love static and I'm ready to cling to ya (OK!) Kid I made it from magazine pages to big stages How I made this through all the different ages Thinkin you do itlike this is outrageous Yeah I'm sick with it but it's not contageous Your hottest thing to me, not a thing Every night my crib is like the Bada Bing So make sure that you youngin's got it right Kane's who's the fuckin rock stars party like (You heard!!!) [Chorus: Busta Rhymes] SO DON'T TOUCH ME NIGGA!!!! (You might burn yourself!) DON'T TOUCH ME NIGGA!!!! (You might burn yourself!) It's gettin hot in this bitch! (So throw the water on 'em!!!!) We got 'em hot in this bitch! (So throw the water on 'em!!!!) We got 'em hot in this bitch! (So throw the water on 'em!!!!) We got 'em hot in this bitch! (So throw the water on 'em!!!!) HERE WE GO!!! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Cormega f/ Big Daddy Kane, Grand Puba, Kool DJ Red Alert, KRS-One, Parrish Smith Album: Fresh 12" Song: Fresh Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com, Gemini_20502K@Yahoo.com [Intro: Kool DJ Red Alert] Ok we gonna straighten this shit out right now ok! Hey I go by the name of the Kool the DJ Red Alert! OK!!!!!!!!! I got a mean lineup I got my man Cormega, Parrish Smith, Grand Puba, KRS-One, and the Big Daddy Kane!!! And it's goin down like thiiiiiiiiiiiisssssssssssssssss!!!!!!!!!!!! [Verse 1: Cormega] If you could dream it, you could be it I once sound aloud to the few guys I superseded As you near, you hear Anita Baker playin in my BM Indeed, I'm from the era of Patrick Ewing Adidas The game turned public housing to areans Bummy dudes move packs so they could buy jewels and sneakers Money grew, some adapted, others would become distracted Smokin woolies, openin they packs like Pookie I'm a fiend of hip-hop, my rap is cinematic The beat is the plot, I'm breed as a clock G's like R-P, believe it or not Prestigious in illusion that it lose you, and you not hot.. You know how I do My jewels so colorful, my daughter don't gotta watch cartoons Dudes watch my moves, like Lebron fresh out of high school My electrifyin skills, I'm raw [Verse 2: Parrish Smith from EPMD] I'm an all star baby pa, Alot of dudes is lost in the rap game chasin life of the rap star Not P, I paid my dues while you hate and snooze P always come correct no singin the blues Hip Hop's my life, P already paid the price Give me the mic and the vocal booth and y'all could keep the ice And I still run on the young ones like Jerry Rice And if you can't see in the dark then homey turn on the lights And if a sucker don't like P, the feelin is mutual Tune my rhyme into a RPM then shift to neutral Every move is crucial, catch PMD comin through the hood In the new SUV, with the chrome shoes From the L.I.E. TO QB It's Mega and P two of the nicest reppin N.Y.C. Parrish Smith you know me well from EPMD So You Gots To Chill cause niggas can't fuck me [Verse 3: Grand Puba] Uh, you know I got the shine when it's time to get mine Pop that ass with a classic-ass line (uh!) You try to step to me, I'm worse than landmines Twist yo' spine like spiral book rhymes You wanna do this, you must be out yo' mind Pop shut it down, so I'm one of a kind Get mine, fall back and recline If you look up, BAD MUH'FUCKER and that's me you gon' find Grand Puba, I can never suck That's like tryin to ride around with single-digit rim on the Caddy truck Me in this addin up, all it equals is another hot joint that I spit wit my peoples So, you know the deal, real recognize real So throw yo' hands up, let me know how you feelS 'Cause it's on now (it's on now), stack paper, like a green mile Official authentic is Grand Puba style [Verse 4: KRS-One] Here we go KRS in the spot When I spit it you can see that I am fresh they are not This that other type of lyric when you hear it you stop KRS and Cormega now that's some real hip hop I'm glad to see these MC's comin up after me Runnin up after me, doin it how it has to be This that new shit but it's old This that hot shit but it's cold Three, four, five clips when we roll Boom boom bop bip when you fold B-R-O-N-X PAY THE TOLL They standin next to the flesh I'm next to the soul My history is too complex whenever it's told One of a kind breakin the mold Refine in the mind rebuilt in the soul Health, love and awareness and wealth now that's the goal Pass the pole of the microphone that you hold I model my role with my pocket so swole Don't have to be told twice, KRS and Cormega, yo them cats too nice (HA!!!) Wa da da dang, wa da da da dang!!!! When it comes to lyrics yo them cats can't hang Wa da da dang, wa da da da dang KRS And Cormega!!!!! [Verse 5: Big Daddy Kane] Aiyyo, back up and let a real Don through to show you who this motherfuckin spot belong to So many talkin like there's somethin that they wan' do Shit, y'all niggas couldn't find the heart with John Q. I'm here to warn you, just might show off because I could really +Clap+ and make the lights go +Off+ I Enterprise like Michael and Saul, the sweat and blood'll cool Make cheddar double through, plus I'm ghetto lovable Scheme to win by any means within Shit, a nigga this here thorough won't be seen again 'Cause when my, team is in and I got green to spend Or I'ma hold the fort down just like supreme di-vine Got you stuck behind enemy lines, the whole vicinity's mine And he decline, nigga give me a sign And you don't want ventilation all up out your house Then treat my name like spoiled food, keep it out yo' mouth - nigga! [Outro: Kool DJ Red Alert] And there you have it, everybody!  Big up to everybody all across the border that understand REAL Hip Hop REAL skills, REAL lyrics I go by the name the Kool the DJ Red Alert Hey - we ain't goin a GODDAMN place! Hey, you must think we goin somewhere Hey, you must be out yo' goddamn MIND AND YA PUNK, TOO! And for all you bitches, thank you for nothin Yeeeeeeeeeaaaaaaaaaaahhhh!!!!!!!!!! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DJ KaySlay & Greg Street f/ Big Daddy Kane, Ghostface, Kool G. Rap, Lord Tariq, Raekwon Album: The Champions (The North Meets The South) Song: 5 Deadly Venoms Typed by: Gemini_20502K@Yahoo.com [Verse 1: Ghostface] Yeah! Come on! I know many boney niggas that knock big niggas out Force MC's to write more when my pen is out Indian Gym's pedestal prince sit on thrones Crack bones hardly pay back loans Fuck a Maybach I hash back a three G stone One bitch, four fifth, rubber grip, never hidden it's shown This is for dirt balm niggas wingworm babies who smell like piss in school Smoke wombs, rob and tote tools Jail and poke fools, bash niggas in the head With forties after thatm shake your hand and get more brew Please be at ease God, fuck the disease God You rap niggas front on me, I'm a squeeze God Headline, man get sprayed by retard Ghostly thing, he left behind the red clark His gun bark up big trees Made his best with a bomb and fluid, olivie oil and mint leaves When y'all bag up your fuckin bottles is empty We serve glaciers that's why the fiends is friendly Streetrunner gotta stop runnin sometime I'm gonna make you leave, I'm gonna make you leave, I'm gonna make you leave!!! [Verse 2: Kool G. Rap] Then, uh, what! Bread ridiculous, heads want a whiff of this Glad for hypocrites layin back and triple this Model heads hollow heads and the nickel fifth When I juggle fuck a double nigga flip with chips Sets I cripple this let a nigga nipple kiss The scene'll hit or miss I'll show you where you ticklish The more iceyed out need to bang your wifey out She like the way my Rose Gold chain swing my thing bang Know I got niggas in Sing Sing like Ving Rhames I'm not a nigga that maintain the same dames I'm steady switchin up, Chevy truck glistened up I'm not them other suckers motherfuckers listen up This nigga riffin what, who the fuck is kissin up You own the cake you'll get ducktaped listen up The goon trace when they say Buck lift 'em up New York plates on the interstate shiftin up, what Streetrunner gotta stop runnin sometime I'm gonna make you leave, I'm gonna make you leave, I'm gonna make you leave!!! [Verse 3: Raekwon] Aiyyo! Squeezin your hammer jammin it Each of my niggas gamblin with people don't think we family Clark whip up call up Sammy I clash with major paper my blood is an alligator My style is a mile away from y'all niggas Sal of haters We came to take it over my plane is delayed I drove up with hangers and back up rovers Movin through the rain with golfers Who carry heavy armor with bangers and rep regardless Chef will play the Jeffrey Dahmer dig you when I'm in your garments Y'all niggas is 'spicious, supercrabfragilistic Niggas that I'm against is ginzu 'em with the quickness Rappers is pussy so soft, mad gushy Go north, your your dad pushed me schooled him cause he had a pussy We puff crazy reefa too tough the thing'll heat ya up Got them leeches off your ass nigga keep shit up We blown the speakers and Chef go and season shit up Release of the gutter and still wanna beat shit up, whattup!!! Streetrunner gotta stop runnin sometime I'm gonna make you leave, I'm gonna make you leave, I'm gonna make you leave!!! [Verse 4: Lord Tariq] Lord the borough's mainframe, I remain the same chain Lames play the game to gain cock and aim the than thang (Bang!!!) I let the thang rang then became the king of caine Gettin chains slingin thangs no different than Richard mane Call a order off the water y'all native New Yorker Caught a case the law was lacin y'all with eights and raw the states applaud Facin it for sure with just the taste the states and laws Made to degrade my age limit diminish my cause  Ain't nothin to us nothin move us tightly knitten up and through us Type of shit the hype the gripe I got despite my life is it And what you talk is what we walk And what we up we love this spot Place none above me of course faithfully yours I hate when it warms, rapin the law Came through the door with a cape and cane Sayin my name wavin the four Displayin the false aim and then buss claim it was yours Ain't no team hotter than Team Saga sign the Lord!!! Streetrunner gotta stop runnin sometime I'm gonna make you leave, I'm gonna make you leave, I'm gonna make you leave!!!  [Verse 5: Big Daddy Kane] Who wanna feel the fire from me fuckin with the don Just save the Ying Yang for Lil' Jon kid it's on Got the coffin case Slay they try to connect They know that, Stuyvesant vet a be the livest we get rid of Greasy is from where the sleezy is from Devious one, and anytime you need me it's done Some talkin off the yap trip and what they gonna do? But know they couldn't find the fuckin heart with John Q I'm hear to warn you, we vouched your plans My name is sent to 'mounts of millions you get thousand fans Little fly by night nigga that's about to land Let me take the shit up out of your hands Understand, your games won't work can't hide your own jerk And any technicalities I'm pullin on skirts Beside the mink jacket that be where the chrome lurks So make sure my paper write like we checkin homework, come on  Streetrunner gotta stop runnin sometime I'm gonna make you leave, I'm gonna make you leave, I'm gonna make you leave!!! [Outro: DJ KaySlay] DJ KaySlay Drama King!!! Five deadly venoms!! Ghostface Killah, Kool G. Rap, Raekwon The Chef, Lord Tariq, Big Daddy Kane!!! We out!!! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Frankie Cutlass f/ Craig G, Roxanne Shante, BizMarkie, Big Daddy Kane Album: Politics & Bullshit Song: The Cypher: Part 3 Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash 	I don't care who's first or who's last 	But I know that y'all better just drop this 	at the dro-dro-drop of a dime ba-----baby [Cutlass] Crai-Crai-Craig G light up the mic Craig-Craig-Craig-Craig Craig G light up the mic Craig G light up the mic for The Symphony Verse One: Craig G Ahh, Politics & Bullshit got me hectic Let me show y'all new rappers how to do a posse record Craig G-I, with the Frankie C U-T-L-A-Double-S, MC's get trouble best I flow with the the swiftness, never However new MC's pulled the lever, my style's much better Anyone can be a victim Empty tracks I lick sick em I flip em rip em and strip em of all of they pride As I slide, in out of these states I stay great What the G stand for, I'm slammin you and your Whole staff, style, split an atom in half East Coast West Coast, don't make me laugh! The whole America feels my wrath, ahh! It's like a terrier was on that ass, ahh, yeah! Cause nine-six ain't about jack shit Fuck Versacci I'm like Rocky when I'm bustin yo' lip Bust these metaphors for better or worse, my style burst your grill into itty-bitty pieces as I release, my thesis Uhh, Craig G, I believe that's me Ninetenn-eighty-five til infinity, ahhh [Cutlass] Shante! Sha-sha, sha-sha, sha-sha, sha-sha Shante! Shante! The baddest around Verse Two: Roxanne Shante Aiyyo, you're lost in the sauce, bitches still remain Useless, but when I reign bitches can't sustain the drama, word to momma bitch I leave you leakin Roxanne Shante stay creepin You sleepin but I stay armed, and dangerous No matter what your name is, bitch I make you famous A lot of bitches swear shit's sweet But when I creep I'ma lace you from your head to your fuckin feet Frankie Cutlass put me on so I'm back again Ain't nothin changed it's still the same, ain't no smilin friend I remember eighty-seven eighty-eight I was the only one gettin weight from upstate Gettin cake, Juice Crew All-Stars was my boys Runnin round town baby makin mad noise Backtrack turn back the page Live on stage, wreckin niggaz at a early age I was only fifteen thinkin big time At the time blind all my eyes saw was goldmine So all you fake Cristal sippin bitches Here's a thirty-eight bitch, click it! I didn't think so... [Cutlass] I be the BizMarkie Biz-biz-biz I be the BizMarkie BizMarkie, aoooowwwwwww! Verse Three: BizMarkie Hey hey hey, I'm the eMmmaZah-A Igga-R-Rrahidy-iZza-Rrahzah-K I don't have a big mouth just a lot to say So listen to my rhythm and rap display, OK I rock the mic to the T-O-P And every record that I make I make history Like a-oh-oh-oh, WHASSUP ([Nobody Beats the Biz]) and, ah-one two Is some of the things that I used to do, but Right about now I got a different flow I rock from New York City to Mexico From England Australia back to Japan They know I'm Mista Magic Cool with the mic in my hand So, you know I got more rhymes than Mohammed Ali That's why my name rings bells internationally Never neglected well protected as an MC yet I'm, super duper with the rhymes I invent Big Daddy Kane, you know you're part of the staff Get on the mic, get on the mic god damnit Get on the mic on my behallllllllllllllllllllf, waaoooowowwww!! [Cutlass] The-the-the name Kane is superious to many people Verse Four: Big Daddy Kane Tell me what you see, and uhh, vectorize When you, check your eyes, baby, recognize, it's the Rawest chump to make the verse in the chorus pump With rhymes skills to be retarded like Forrest Gump Now feel the pain runnin through your chest area Thoughts of the attack it got you fearin the bodily abuse, that you phony niggaz makin me produce Warfare put to use, fuck all that, just turn me loose Huh, and this is for those who don't know the half I wanna see just how well you know your math Now, in case a nigga wanna get out of line Just tell me how many times does sixteen go into nine See, a lot of you rappers like to front as if you're ruthless But, when I'm around you make all kind of excuses Like, I just remembered yo my niece need diapers kid Plus I got homework bible-study all types of shit Boo-yaka, any fuckin tune to ya King Asiatic, tell me what we gonna do wit ya One more thing, the next example one of you niggaz is bout to be it Now close your eyes tight cause trust me you don't want to see it *echoes* The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Game f/ Big Daddy Kane, Doug E. Fresh, KRS-One Album: Purp & Patron Song: History Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com [Intro: Doug E. Fresh] (Game) Uh, uh, uh Some say, "Who dat, cat runnin thru dat?" Ask how he do dat? Easy {*beatboxes*} "Who dat, cat runnin thru dat?" Ask how he do dat? Easy {*beatboxes*} Uh, yo wassup y'all? This is Doug E. Fresh and I got my man Big Daddy Kane, and KRS-One is in here and Game (yeah) Matter fact Game, you know what? (Yeah) [Game] Razor sharp, my flow is like a Crip and Blood fightin in the park Come to Compton swim with the sharks I know the REAL kings of New York That make me five borough thorough, pass me the torch A young Kane, I'm insane, my membrane has the capacity to jack rappers and take chains A lotta fake KRS', a lotta fake Game's I'ma cash in on you niggaz and make change Lil' ass dogs I'm a Great Dane Product of hip-hop like spray paint on a freight train and while you niggaz tried to make 'caine I made 'caine with Kane playin, on that little tape thang I got my first boom box in '85 Carryin that heavy motherfucker, I was maybe five or maybe six, so what I'm tryin to tell you is I've been fuckin with hip-hop since the 80s', bitch! [Chorus: Repeat 2X] [KRS:] KRS-One spits like... [Doug:] Doug Fresh beat box like R-R-RAH~! [Kane:] And you know that Kane spit like... [Game:] and that's the reason Game spit like... [KRS-One] Rappers don't like when Kris on tour cause when I rhyme they wrist don't glist no more All you see is that Darfur and these rappers promotin all this rape and war I'm ignorant when I'm on tour They say I'm down to earth cause I put rappers' brains on the floor You heard that song, "Chicken Noodle Soup"? That's what your head gon' look like in the back of your coupe Like someone threw up in your rear-view After you battle KRS-One no one's EVER gonna wanna hear you!! Notice the style I'm usin, you losin I'll +Scar+ your +Face+ like them cats in Houston You know it's funny how y'all love to talk but still stuck in the hood, I rose above New York I be in the foreigns, heatin pounds of kush You like a faggot in front of the pussy, beatin around the bush [Big Daddy Kane] Aiyyo, you ain't got no other choice but to like it or love it when you see me with +The Game+, it's nothin like Michael Douglass The black Cosa Nostra, he who got the most-a the toxic flows and y'all lames is not supposed ta I spit it clearly, my styles, the shit'll vary When I write about cats, it's called obituaries I never fuck with lames, so don't bring that nigga near me I'm +Universal+, your +Def-est Jam+ is a subsidiary One question playa: who wan' see the realest of the real to spit it, two blunt leaf I locked down the East and opened new country and ran through the West when it was mostly 213 Lookum, I took 'um Brook-nam? I look calm but I gotta enough hoods to start a crook farm The god is in the building, and yes problems When y'all buy chicks, all I do is test drive 'em [Outro: Doug E. Fresh] Uh, now let me tell y'all somethin.. See this whole thing came together in a special way, ya know what I mean? A very very special way You just got the legends man, together... and you just created, a whole nother' level Cause on the real, Game straight up talk From an emcee perspective, B You are definitely... official, a legend, and respected Because you come from the heart and that's what a real emcee do, no matter what And this was all just one night in the studio, man, just hangin out That's what we did, that's what happened And you know - R-R-RAH! R-R-RAH! R-R-RAH! {*beatboxes*} This is real, man! {*beatboxes*} This is all day! {*beatboxes*} This is hip-hop! {*beatboxes*} 'til the very last drop, uh! And y'know, lemme tell ya last thing I'ma tell ya: it's about original, creation, from the heart See, a MC KNOWS, without ever... tryin to be somebody else Just do yo' thing and it'll always work out {*beatboxes*} Do dat, easy {*beatboxes*} I-ight Game, that's it man The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Heavy D f/ Kool G. Rap, Grand Puba, CL Smooth   Big Daddy Kane, Pete Rock, Q-Tip Album: Peaceful Journey Song: Don't Curse Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Heavy D] This one definitely goes out on a censorship tip So everybody sit back, relax and have a champagne sip We gonna teach these people out there who are Against saying what we want to say the right way Y'know what I'm saying, so what we're gonna do Is kick back, swing a little funky beat by my man DJ Pete Rock, prducer extrodinaire, yo Pete Rock Make it clear I can flex, bend, lend a pen to a friend Keep a party pimping from now to then I don't have to swear, curse or juggle Lyrics in the verse to make a party bubble So mister Censorship, tell me, what's your problem There's girlies on the corner, and phifey can't solve 'em How did she say it, I'm curious G Does she say honey love me, or baby baby, fun me Anyway, we say what we wanna say Play how we wanna play, feels good that way So G Rap, huh, it's time to kick a verse Do your man a favor and don't curse [Kool G. Rap] You're telling me don't curse on a verse, they did it worse First I put a curse on every verse I kind of got outrageous Check it, even made a record on how I'm doing on the B-I-T-C-Hes Drop some verses for the bust Every word that you heard is cause I didn't give a f-, aw shucks Hey yo, I almost forgot The curse is a plot but it's getting kinda hot So I'ma let profanity retire, hey But if worse comes to worse, I'll cut you out like Richard Pryor So Grand Puba, kick a verse But do your man a favor and don't curse [Grand Puba] Don't curse bust it I won't curse, I'll take a famous curse word and just say kcuf Kcuf flipped around the other way means ha Boy when I do, I see, I can't get stuck Jump on the mic then I earn a quick buck Buck meaning loot, then I grab some boots And set wit my troops For those who can't follow and got stuck Kcuf flipped the other way means ahem, hem hem It's just a curse, I freaked a nurse in a hearse But I made sure I had my hat first CL Smooth, it's time to kick a verse God cypher the rhyme, you can't curse [CL Smooth] Go ahead ask me, when I kick a curse in a verse, I say nope Grab you by your hand, wash you're mouth out wit soap Thinking to be the last one wit the bad lingo Scooping on the skinz in the church from your bingo Sounds of the Mecca, dark fresh from the tailor Because they made a movie when he cuss like a sailor Better yet, dialect dirty like a subway Freaking for your loot, here to make it go the other way In a vocabulary scrimage But cursing in my village ain't good for my image So Big Daddy, you know it's time to kick a verse But do your man a favor, don't curse [Big Daddy Kane] Uhn, the smooth rap inventor that enter Parental discretion's not advised so there's no need to censor Kids wanna peep it, but you want to beep it, what I feel like slapping a sticker on ya (chill chill, see) but Too magical rhymes are too tragical For any source to stop Kane from getting capital If I thought sticking me was dissing me Man, don't you know that this would be worse than Stephen King's Misery So clean all profanity, stealing all the man to be Rocking any microphone you're handing me So Heavy D, i'm about to disperse So kick another verse and don't forget not to curse (Heavy D talks) [Pete Rock] God Bless but I can't mess around wit the curses So I'm a kick verses or a verse Soul brother #1 here to kick facts Smoke the microphone and produce crazy tracks Your my bad bro, let's start the flow I'm a kick rhymes till it's time for me to go I can't curse cause Heavy D said so Now I'm a get back to the subject Get wreck, if you think I'm bluffing, just check Wit the crew, Pete Rock and CL Smooth very down to earth And we didn't have to curse [Q-Tip] Yea, yea the Abstract poet Q-tip of a Tribe Called Quest Here to wreck, y'knowhatI'msayin Got my man Pete Rock and my man Heavy D in the house And we're definitley chilling on the lifted tip So bust the spit out, aha Flim flam flim, lick my big black stuff Plus I kick a curse to be rough enuff You can put the sticker where the sun don't shine So back off and let me get mine Visions in my head when it's dealing wit hits If I had 4 girls then I lick 8 its Wait, don't wanna hear no drama Cause the bum didaly Heav is a fav of my mama's So i blew out get mad lifted Don't have to say up the show that I'm gifted God bless me 'cause I reach my 21st Heavy D, don't drop a curse [Heavy D] Peace, peace, peace to the preacher I'm talking about a verse without a curse that's how I reach ya I can rock a party without a swear or a harsh verb Backwards, no curse words, Heavy D prefers So swing, swing to the Soul bequiem rhythm Before I say goodbye, let me tell ya how I hit 'em CL, Pete Rock, G Rap, Maxwell Big Daddy, Q-Tip and ah me as well Time to say peace, thank Pete for the beats This funky beat was made for the street Notice how clean that we kept every verse But if worst came to worst (We all say a curse) (Free Slick Rick...) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jurassic 5 f/ Big Daddy Kane, Percy P Album: Power in Numbers Song: A Day at the Races Typed by: adbm@total.net, OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Akil] Yo, my metaphor, my musical madness Move and motivate those with musical talents, uhh Read it in bold print, we holdin it down Lick a shot, hip-hop when we in yo' town Uhh, master blaster sound Freak the future far from here and now With style, release increase the peace, uhh Bubble with the beat 'til they feelin the heat in the streets Now each one, teach one, reach one, young gun On one, listen to the warrior's drum Beatin up the block with the ghetto hop that knock and make you wanna crash the spot And unlock explode (BOOM) the alpha and omega code With drum rolls and old soul, we uphold And foretold to scores of six years ago Fast flow from G. Rap to Kool Moe Supasyllable, major to the minimal Every individual, bounce to the tempo yo Lungs collapse and raps be trapped in The only way to make it happen, jaw-jappin, fast rappin [Zaakir] Yo, I'm the hot dog that run the hottest monologue In star poetic inserts and yes y'all s My speech is like holding two glocks apiece The outreach that rock police The super adventure men portend to put somethin in bitches Win when we write, the Emmy winner get hyped, off any printer And I came to get it (HIT IT) Like Operation PUSH, operate the tush Black octopus of soul, in inter-planetary patrol I planted my gold, and low and behold It's the brother doc, ready to rock-rock Don't stop Hobbes, I known like the lumberjack chop chop The wordsmith, I write in block letters of cursive Curse my circus, serve this surface And watch how the brother fet over The fly Cassanova with the frankencense odor [Percy P] Bear witness To where riches'll make career bitches share pictures When the ears get this ya brainses software'll glitches Splatter your brains Leave scattered remains of matter and stains That'll explain how you was battled and slain I get rude and go, to your show and use a row of fans to BOO and throw you off 'til you lose your flow A pro mean like Joe Greene when I blow theme Put your whole team on pause like cold cream Then show laughter when I flow faster, your hoe haveta go after her weave from the breeze when I blow past ya I'm dapper plus ghetto and just pedal When the dust settles we left in the rubble the crushed metal Nurses with hearses sealin conversed with lit purses Spit fire, make you first to bit, try me Like Osama, odoma', I'ma cause trauma And homicides when I collide I get kamikaze [Big Daddy Kane] Kane baby, walk hard, the p-jects On streets of Brooklyn I'm a crew of D-cepts On streets of L.A. I'm a whole E-set On tracks with Jurassic I be the T-Rex Still that Gucci dressin, still that coochie pressin My pimp game smooth be-gets 'em I don't use discretion; cop tends to be stressin Fuck explainin it, who's he testin? Finsta perform all physical forms Leave your ass shakin like a Mystikal song Please Dumb, what type of shit was you on? Cause man to compress a nigga mean One less a nigga (uh-huh) All I want is my niggaz all recruitin a slimmy All I want is my liver all polluted with Remi Duel with any, bring it, I face-off Son you out your league like Jordan was with baseball [Chali 2na] Yeahhh, your majesty, word flash photography Third class economy, blade slashed your artery Nerve gassed anatomy, blurred past dramatically Herbs hashed, my word splash packed agility Never predictability Manouvers of mind fully designed cause I'm true to the rhyme We do the sublime, crackin yo' backbone Attackin you wack clones Vernacular right and exact, capital rap zone that come back verbal assault rifle (ahhhhh) We fight like Stokely Carmichael Nope! We just like you We broke and ain't no tellin what we might do Ain't no joke Provoke the right to reverse to seek mercy with the King Asiatic and Percy P Ain't heard the worst of me, until your chest 3-D Spit venom and burn your body like a STD [Marc 7] Put a 20 on the next brother steppin to me wrong I mess around a lick cause you done cheat on my theme song This might seem wrong, but this is a mean song Crushed like King-Kong, and just like ping-pong Back and forth, I spit knowl' and toss, it's time to floss  My verbal affirmation is to always go off When syllables slide you'll be enjoyin the vibe When consider it pride, it's J5 When another deadly medley, camera action yo we heavy Aim steady slash machette Mazeratti engine ready Good and plenty don't be petty count the fetti and we jetti OFF to another city where we do our nitty grity We wild like Serengeti, tear it down let's seek and set it Get ready, for the ride, verbally hand-glide Write and stay tight, mission's in sight Murderer worldwide the stage is yo' knife The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Just Ice w/ Big Daddy Kane Album: Gangstas Don't Cry/Just Rhymin Wit Kane 12" Song: Just Rhymin Wit Kane Typed by: um_banjo@hotmail.com [Just Ice] Just Ice The immortal Come on As we move [DJ Premier scratches] "The flow pro poetical with skills only a vet'll know" [Just Ice] Just Ice international [DJ Premier Scratches] "Me and my crew, we run rampant" "Ain't no mystery offense" "The flow pro poetical with skills only a vet'll know" "Just Ice" [Just Ice] Caution, red alert, time to do work Mammy with the wet lips sippin on some crist' And em Over there, honey drinking double dares Smoking blunts everywhere sayin peace to Premier Yeah, ass shakin, get this thing poppin Ass for the takin, got that shit rockin Bitches one side, niggas on the next We thinkin about cake, they talkin about sex I'm talkin toastas and roastas, ain't always tryin to pose I'm gettin closer and closer that gun push your nose up Y'all feel, me feel me, even if you can't see me From the streets to the beat, let it go, yo watch me freak Okay, here's the final round, this is how it goes down I got six loaded clips, sick corroded clips Double dare everywhere, Hennesee and the Cris' We gettin drunk and smoked out whole room gettin choked out Hydro and a flow, this bitch wanna talk but nope Stay strong, nothing love of my team The part I play is wrong, but we got to get the dream By any means we stay doin our thing Motherfuckers so dumb they can't figure where it's coming from They got schools wrong, all they do is pull triggers All they do: dig out bitches, some even diggin niggas What the fuck? The rap game changin everyday Hard rocks walk away, now this shit is turning gay All I say, you come hear it with me, you get your shit broke the fuck up Your cap get twisted, I spit it Just Ice, collossus, immortal Any time that I come I got some bangin shit for you so y'all just chill, sit back relax That real motherfucker is back, that's a rap Gangsta [DJ Premier scratches] "Me and my crew, we run rampant" "Ain't no mystery offense" "The flow pro poetical with skills only a vet'll know" "Just Ice" "Me and my crew, we run rampant" "Ain't no mystery offense" "The flow pro poetical with skills only a vet'll know" [Big Daddy Kane] Look, I'm from the streets where them kids like clapping ??? got themselves the midnight dragon Got right out the game and had to get right back in Any day, shit might happen And that be on the real, cats be on your heels Cats beyond reveal I got niggas that seen trial I got some niggas about to walk the green mile Up in the penial Meanwhile i try to excel deeper Make my pockets smell sweeter With cheddar spreading more than bel vida Make sure you flip the dough In the the two triple o Come through sip the Mo' I be that true gigolo See me gettin assed in the ride Scrub style from the passenger side You askin to die? Shit, couldn't fuck with this on your best night I scream let's fight Niggas turn transvestite And don't dress right When the red light is headed at your chest sight You just might, wanna check your vest tight, nigga [DJ Premier scratches] "Me and my crew, we run rampant" "Ain't no mystery offense" "The flow pro poetical with skills only a vet'll know" "Just Ice" "Me and my crew, we run rampant" "Ain't no mystery offense" "The flow pro poetical with skills only a vet'll know" "Just Ice" The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Kool G. Rap and DJ Polo f/ Big Daddy Kane Album: Live and Let Die Song: #1 With a Bullet Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Kool G. Rap] The last time I caught a body it was recent Gimme a HK, four banana clips, and I'll take on a precinct Yeah, the murder rate is on the rise, with niggaz like me steady poppin niggaz are droppin like flies To get em up when I hit em I hit em hard, there'll be no get well card Niggaz straight to the motherfuckin graveyard Cause Nino want to get em done Me pickin the one and lickin em up and hit em up for fun He thought them bullet hit me but him didn't get none You better run son, because me beginnin to get the gun Yo, murder me, you musta heard of me And if you get rushed to emergency, I'm shootin niggaz in surgery Another nigga life is took I'll be at your wake motherfucker signin my name on that book Inside the morgue another body freezes It's one more bitch nigga that was sent to meet Jesus "Come on down!"		"Whassup nigga?" No ambulence, just paramedics scrapin your brains off the street So yeah motherfucker come get a taste Cause I'ma give your punk ass my two in face and beat the case My finger's on the trigger, I'ma pull it So now you know that Kool G. Rap is number one with a bullet [Big Daddy Kane] A one man gang to bring the bang so the next nigga can't even hang, yang yang yang yang You know my style, and know my pedigree You can ask Sadaam Hussein about me I'm never to let a brother bass And if you bring on a crew, I hope the bitches saw Scarface Cause I'ma send em to the morgue Six feet under, gettin their mail from the groundhog Cause I'm the wrong brother to push When put to the test, I go to war like George Bush And I got apartments to give the landlord of the morgue, now who need a place to live? I'm rough and tough, the man on the scene The baddest the maddest, you know the routine I flip and rip, to set the rank The coolest in rulin the gangsta lean I got my gat to your dome and I'ma pull it I'm number motherfuckin one with a bullet [Kool G. Rap] Niggaz are wavin white flags, then dragged in a hospital bed, full of lead, with a shit bag You get a slug in your mug Just give him a kiss and a hug, I pull the mother.. "Flatline!" I'm fuckin him up I'm buckin him up all properly No poppin me is stoppin me even if he go look out for me I'm quicker to flicker the nigga the trigger is the plan for me You try to run me comin to kill the whole family Cause in the city there's no pity or no sympathy You gotta hem em up, and now you're just a memory Yeah nigga, I leave em done when I hit em When pussy comes to get em, tell em Kool G. Rap did em With my fingers on the trigger I'm Terminatin like umm.. (Who Schwarzaneggar?) Yeah that nigga! So fuck all the bullshit You know a nigga's number one with a bullet The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Kool G Rap and DJ Polo (with Bizmarkie and Big Daddy Kane) Album: Wanted - Dead or Alive Song: Erase Racism Intro: Bizmarkie Yo V, bring that beat in Yeah that's aight Ahhh man! Yo G, yo Kool G, yo I'm doin this right here We got Big Daddy Kane over there We all gonna do just one part Because you know, we came a long way You know, from back in Martin Luther King days, Malcolm X [Ain't hard to tell] You know, now now that we see Nelson N-Nelson Mandela's free We gonna talk about this, is e gonna talk about this racism Stop that, you know what I'm sayin, we gonna stop that So G, why don't you just do your rhymin part, and then I'll come on after you [Aight, check it out, here we go, yo] Verse One: Kool G Rap I'm tryin hard to explore, I'm not sure What all the racial war for It's makin me more sore I walk through a color blind corridor Seekin, for peace in the people I'm meetin Black white and puerto-rican men are greetin each other Just like brothers, there's plenty and many of others You can discover, kids fathers and mothers A meltin pot, no one felt they got prejudice Listen I could never assist someone diss this A landscape, with a dark and a light handshake Havin fun, without one bein a fake snake So let's form a rainbow over the mountain And let's drink from the same water fountain Let's make our Earth Day a story of people that walk through the same territories Color or creed, is no need for a man to bleed I beleive, we all breathe the same seed Unless it's diluted, for somethin to intrude it Then I see your family tree was uprooted So don't be foolish if you're Jewish or Hindu The racial manual is the evil that men do I was raised in a nation of Asian Hate shouldn't seperate Jamaican from Haitian So if you're givin in your ears I hope your hear me and Siberian's no better than Nigerian I bring a rattle to a battle that you see me in I'm no villian so why would I be killin indians My nationality's reality And yo a prejudiced man is of a devil mentality These are words of a wise man, wisdom Take a taste and erase the racism Chorus: Bizmarkie The ink is black, the page is white Together we learn how to read and write People are black, got people that's white Let's stop racism, and, let's unite Verse Two: Big Daddy Kane [Yo yo Kane, why don't you do your part  and then let me do mine and then we get outta here  go ahead, bet] In the days of slavery Some got to run away and many got done away Inferiority is what some men say But that shit played out with Kunta Kinte Then again in the streets of New York I think of Yusef Hawkins, and I see you'e still stalkin And when I think of barriers like Bensonhurst Huh, notice how I mentioned hearse We got to better this world of prejudice People, make peace, and learn to live equal Cause I don't look at myself as a Coon or a mooley that would have to say massa You better believe that I'm an asiatic descendant And I know what's been amended and intended So let's fulfill and get real, and try to build a united nation, eliminate segregation I know there's different strokes for different folks but I've also acknowledged what hatred provokes So don't hate me or try to underrate me Cause I collect ends drive a Benz and live greatly And we can all live together in harmony Without thinkin what color is harmin me If I'm a slave I'm a slave to the rhythm To E-R-A-S-E the racism Chrous Outro: Bizmarkie To the black and the white The red and the yellow To all the nationalities I'd like to say hello And I hope they stop racism and it's comin from our hearts Me, Kool G Rap, Polo, Big Daddy Kane, Cool V, and of course The Diabolical Bizmarkie I hope ya stop racism Peace! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Little Brother f/ Big Daddy Kane Album: The Chittlin Circuit 1.5 Song: Welcome to Durham Typed by: seulghee@hotmail.com [Big Pooh] I'd like to welcome all of you... [Big Daddy Kane] Uh huh, yeah... [Big Pooh] To the Bull City... Better known as Durham (uh huh) Right now we in the heart of it... [Big Daddy Kane] Got the Butta Team... [Big Pooh] The Butta Team... [Big Daddy Kane] Uhh, Little Brother... [Big Pooh] 9th Wonder, y'all... [Big Daddy Kane] ...and y'alls truly, BDK style... [Phonte] ...Big Daddy Kane in the house [Big Daddy Kane] Feel me out... Staring in the face of death, and I'm lookin in the mouth Like, goddamn, I found Brooklyn in the South Comin up inside the hood is due to curse you But comin up inside the hood is universal The shells from the ratchet, they spit the same As well when they clap it, they hit the same The Dutch and the Backwoods get spit the same You ask me why I'm down here, I'm like, “Shit the same” Folks be mostly movin low key Tryin to make the dough be grossly OT Who surely, be out handlin shit right And let off more rounds than a championship fight Them die against me And we can take it from NY to NC It's simply, that anywhere you at you can still be hood My niggaz in the dirty dirty, what's really good? [Chorus – Big Daddy Kane] x 2 These streets out here take a lot to run When you claim gangsta, if you're not, you're done On your grind, can't nobody stop you, son Lick a shot up in the air (blaow) What block you from? [Big Pooh] Uhh... Durham, NC, the place where I reside at The Eastside is the place where they ride at Any vice to get high, well you can buy that Test them country boys? Wouldn't try that Cause niggaz (niggaz) is off the chain right here Just cause it's the South, don't get the wrong idea You can get stained like on walls at Ikea I declare, niggaz have the wrong idea From ego, pride to where colors collide Fam, vills, streets fiends brought the cracks for hire Older folk down here look hard to work sire Call my nigga Tramp, what's the haps on that? Is that a bus you get around in, and fours get clapped at? Go down on Brother Spree where they shakin like craps Hustlers reminisce, what's the god who's back? “Medicine City,” how funny is that? [Interlude – Phonte, Big Pooh, the Butta Team] Yellin your name in every hood out there No you cain't, cause it ain't such a good idea Little Brother, and we puttin it down tonight Big Daddy Kane, comin back for the crown tonight Yellin your name in every hood out there No you cain't, cause it ain't such a good idea Dirty Durham, they ain't playin around tonight The Butta Team, them boys layin it down tonight [Phonte] I only been here for six years but the city is in me I can feel it when I walk or when I whisper somethin And every time I spit, I drive you to your death -tination, like I got a lisp or somethin And if your gums get to bumpin Them boys hit the button For room service to come give you the toast Dirty Durham – we got niggaz with scholarships And niggaz with hollow tips And I know niggaz with both That'll shoot until the block is drama-free From niggaz like you actin up like they Oscar nominees You mighta been in the club and popped that wallet Hit the gym for a month, and maybe got rock solid But in the Bull City they will send dudes to you Just to prove to you, you are not that brolic, not And they ain't askin for God's permission They askin for God's forgiveness for bein poverty-stricken Stressed out and scarred from livin, better guard your business You ain't earnin bars, nigga, stop drawin attention It's evident that this is as real as it gets In the City of Medicine, them Durham niggaz is sick! [Chorus – Big Daddy Kane] x 2 Artist: MA Doom f/ Big Daddy Kane, MF DOOM Album: MA_DOOM: Son of Yvonne Song: Think I Am Typed by: jostmatt at bluewin dot ch (Who you think I am?) [ VERSE 1: Master Ace ] Look fam, you can be the man Got young chicks movin mad grams on Peter Pan I'm not blind, I can see the scam You talk tough, but y'all a bunch of girls like the Cheetah band I'm the leader and you a follower Your gold hollow and your hoe is a swallower She put it down like a report But her box smell like South Street Seaport What a odor, black In fact when I got her in the sack, jack, boy, couldn't hold her back Cause her bottom is thick like a hippopotamus Tramp stamp on her lower back See I know the facts, the hoe filled me in Her best friend is a twin named Lillian I'm goin really in, I'm really goin in Foul, I bust on that towel that you throwin in [ VERSE 2: Big Daddy Kane ] I tried to holler outside when she was gettin out her ride Guess she must got that parking lot Alzheimers Cause now fine is cozy at the bar Guess at that point she ain't know she had a star I can't explain what mighta got into her Cause now your conversation got friendlier Seen me and ran with your devious plan And thinkin you gon' drink all them premium brands It's different when you ain't got to hear no price Cause she was just Nurse Jackie with that Smirnoff Ice Yeah, I caught that, you and that short cat Even saw the brush-off after he bought that What the fuck, he ain't make you drink porter? And as for trickin, them days been over Jedi Mind tricks won't work if you bring Yoda Envisionin champagne? Well shit, think soda [ VERSE 3: MF DOOM ] Big up Ace, I'm glad I had a chance to flow with him Just last summer me and my mans did a show with him In Montreux hit the stage, I'm like, 'Go get 'em' Even had the soulless folks rockin with no rhymthm Marco Polo was on the wheels and on point They did 'Jeep Ass Niguh', I'm like, 'That's the joint!' Some old school heads remembered who was who Brooklyn was in the house, even the newbies knew Before the Masta left the stage he doin the do Blew off the roof with a tribute to Guru First time I met the brother, felt like I knew him forever Too clever, album dedicated to his mother I thought of mine, of the same time we growin up I know they proud of they baby boys, we blowin up Only got one, won't ever forget her Make sure you let her know you love her when you with her Kiss her The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Marley Marl feat. Master Ace, Craig G, Kool G Rap, Big Daddy Kane Album: In Control Vol. 1 Song: The Symphony   Verse 1--Master Ace: Listen closely, so your attention's undivided. Many in the past have tried to do what I did. Just the way I came off, man I'm gonna come off. Stronger and longer, even with the drum off. I keep on goin' and flowin' just like a river. I got a whole lot to give so I'm-a give a little at a time, new trails are blazin', Action is in effect, and always stays in. Yeah, just like a shot from a cannon.  I am the man in charge and I've been plannin' a jam strong enough that it can life your soul. I'm the originator, and my rhymes are made of gold. Once you hear the capital "A" rap, it'll stay with you for awhile, it won't go away. Unless you force it, because it stays with you, my friend, and if you toss it away, I'm-a hit ya again. I project my voice so it's right in the crowd. There's a sign at the door: no bitin' allowed. And if you didn't read it I suggest you do so, or you'll be stranded, just like Caruso. Sleep if ya wanna, go 'head, get some shut-eye. A man broke his jaw tryin' to say what I  say on the microphone, you shoulda left it alone, just for the record, let it be known that my ego's only partially grown. And never will I ever condone biting in any form, yo I'm only warm. That verse was the calm, now here's the storm... Next up (Yo, I believe that's me). Craig G, light up the mic for the Symphony.   Verse 2--Craig G: This jam is dedicated to all un-optimistics that though I wasn't coming out with some exquisite rhymes. But that's alright, cuz now I'm back to kill all the rumors and straighten the facts of me not rockin' rhymes like I always used to, but you jumped on hte tip when you heard me and the Juice Crew. You said, "Mmm mmm mmm, ain't that somethin? Yo Craig, I head you in that jam, and it's pumpin'! I apologize. Oh yeah, and uh, can I have your autograph for me and my grandma?" That's how I'm livin': all surprise mode. Don't even sleep, try not to keep your eyes closed. Cuz if you do, when you awaken, your so-called spot will be taken. I'll take you over like a greedy executive, cuz on the mic my prospective is to be the best in all rap events, and since I have a call, I call experience. Next up...(Yo, I believe that's me)  Kool G Rap, light up the mic for the Symphony...   Verse 3--Kool G Rap Yo, Marley gives the slice, I get nice, and my voice is twice as horrifying as Vincent Price goes deep, till you fell in a spell of a sleep, and while I'm countin' the money, you count sheep. When G Rap strikes the mic, I recite the type of hype that you like, and make the people unite. I grip up hips and zip up lips, step on reps, you flip and wanna sip on my tip. Take a deep breath, because you don't have another left. Comin' back like I'm avengin' my brother's deat. Makin' veterans run for medicine, cuz I put out more lights in a fight than ConEdison. Rip the damn cage like I'm on a rampage. And if you want rage, I'm-a make front page. Read the headlines, suckers, todays the deadline, your head is way past bedtime. Can't kill though. Solo. Cuz you're still all...soft like a pillow. My rap is rougher than Brillo. So fear me, don't dare dare me,  and don't compare me to him when you hear me. Talk about a battle but you ain't yet ready for war. Your metaphor sucks more than a whore. You can't replace me, ice me or ace me, bass me, face me, slice me or race me, bite me or taste me -- I'll show you that I got force. My rap burns your mouth like hot sauce. Run for water while I break your tape recorder. Server-to-sucker: the order is manslaughter. Another rapper, G Rap wrecks, he's rated X, to mean the boy is sex. Next... the amplifier gets used and abused. Pumps so loud, we might blow a fuse. This is anger, madness, ready to hang 'er. Rapper or singer: I'm puttin' up my middle finger. Next up... (I believe that's me)  Big Daddy Kane, get on the mic for the Symphony.   Verse4--Big Daddy Kane: Settin' it off, lettin' it off, beginnin'.  Rough to the endin', you never been in to move the groove with the smooth rap lord; like a bottle of juice, rhymes are being poured. Down your ear, crisp and clear, as I prepare to wear, tear and smear -- then I'm outta here. With a mark left that you can all cling. Cuz rockin' a party? Yo, it's a small thing. I rip many places on regular basis, and broken down mics were the only traces that I'd been there and there at the party. The mic had my prints, and on it was a body. So take caution. I'm not horsin' around in a throwdown, clown, I'm takin' yours son. So just acknowledge the way that I kick it, cuz if rap was a house, you'd be evicted. And dismissed from the microphone, chokin' on a bone, cuz Daddy's home. And battlin' me is hazardous to health, so put a quarter in your ass, cuz ya played yourself Like a game in the arcade. You need a far aid. I'm walkin' the path that Allah made. I'll attend and then begin to send a speech to reach and teach, so just say when. So I can let lyrics blast like a bullet. My mouth is the gun; on suckers I pull it. The trigger, ya figure, my pockets gettin' bigger, cuz when it comes to money, yo, Grant's my nigga! You've got the groove, MCs, freeze, stand still, nobody move. It's a sabotage, as I take charge. Don't barge, cuz gotdamn, I'm livin' large like a giant. You're nothin' but a midget, a small digit. You ain't hit it, forget it, quit it. I reign superior, always takin' care o'ya. No-frill rappers, you will evaporate, disintegrate, deflate to your fate, as the great will dominate straight to the state of reignin', gainin. So put Kane in, that category. Period. End of story... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Marley Marl f/ Masta Ase, Big Daddy Kane, G Rap, Craig G, Daddy Shane Album: Marley Marl In Control, Volume 2 Song: The Symphony Part II (Masta Ase) I'm about to run, run a race wit the rhythm If you know the bass steps, dance, do it wit em Gotta clock g's, 'cause the g's worth a thousand When I kick these types of rhymes I'll be housing All I wanna be gonna be big shotties Brothers ain't wit it then I do it for the hotties But I know they wit it 'cause they know I ain't a phony And it feels good like Tony, Toni, Tone And I like to kick a rhyme, rhyme for the people Wanna reach the top, climb, climb to the steeple Top to high, well you best get a ladder Say you're from the slum, well chum it don't matter Forget where your from, it's all about where you're going My name is Masta Ase and I don't tip toeing Never saw fall, lose my grip, or take a slip Make a house call, hit a dip and then I skip But not to my Loo, I never play hopscotch Music man baby and the rhymes are top notch Gotta try to uplift, lift the ghetto dweller I try my best to never riff, riff wit a fellow My brother sometimes trys to play it like tennis Dennis, time to pull teeth like a dentist Oh brother, brother, please don't play it The rhyme is prime everytime that I say it Actions in effect, nothing change but the weather Juice crew, nah, but we still rock together Craig G (Yo, I believe that's me) Hey yo, Craig G (Yo, I believe that's me) Hey yo, Craig G (Yo man I believe that's me) Kick it 1,2,3 (Craig G) Yo, once again a brother's back to attract many age groups Sporting green and baige boots popping like the hula hoop You step to me and you'll be stepping to a death wish You probably thought I'm soft, of course you never met this I'm not a crazy man, gun token holigan But pass a mic to me and rappers I'll be doing in So, yo, hit, slide to the left a bit 'Cause I'm about to blow up in the '90's and I bet you get Jelly and think of trying to do me I work for my spot so don't try to remove me 'Cause I can swing a rap like a batter hits a fast ball Put on my track shoes and run right pass all All the MC's and wannabees Get played like a ?plumbining?, crease in your leaves So next time the wizard gives you soft as a heart Don't step to me because I rip the shit apart Now this ain't Mr. Rogers and I never play pretend So think about it chump if you step to me again Yo Big Daddy (Yo I believe that's me) Hey yo Big Daddy (Yo I believe that's me) Big Daddy (Well I guess that's me) 1,2,3 (Big Daddy Kane) Uhn, damn, it's true, I'm living mathematic Asiatic coming up on the microphone just like an addict Make the fit, 100% legit As soon as I hit, oh shit 'Cause I'm gonna make the audience applaud me And support me and award me when they saw me In action wit my softy gin Sharpen than any other instrument That archeologist can't find, never known to mankind 'Cause I'm a weird species And all you filthy mcnasty Mc's couldn't even see me You're too fragile to touch this mass style Girls be running up saying, oh, you're too bad child So save your breath and exit stage left But treat before you meet defeat and greet death you any champion that even tries to touch this Won't even get the key that's tied along, it's dubless See, I'm the wrong one to fuk wit Oh you still standing there (Yo, yo, look out duck kid) I'm deathing and bashing crash and smack MC's And enemies wit these 'Cause I make sure everything comes out smooth (Lil' Daddy Shane) But you know your little brother must deserve his groove Drop something quick release a rhyme wit quickness To let MC's know about my existence Any Mc to last a minute is pure lucky 'Cause I'm the baddest kid that you seen says ?Chuck? (Well Kool G Rap) (Yo I believe that's me) So G Rap Yo I believe that's me (So Kool G Rap) (Yo, I believe that's me) 1,2,3 (Kool G Rap) Yo, straight out the muthafuking gutter I open my shutter, the butt ass brothers And rip 'em up like a box cutter You brush up I pull the trigger I figured nobody could digger, Milli Vanilli Ass nigga Prepare for shoot bear, I'm knocking boots daily Fools Irip 'em out of their roots like Alex Haley Here I come straight to the mouth I'm kicking it slick lyrics are harder than a dick inside a ho house Your neighborhood hero's a zero I'm sending muthafukers on a midnight run like DeNiro So here goes a rapper to the baffled Feels still gaffled, pressed up on your Adam's apple Reach for the pistol and you're crazy Try to blast and I'll be swinging that ass like Patrick Swayze Said he was frightened when I rock, they came in a flock What is this shit, New Kids on the Cock When I battle, you need a paddle The shit creeps deep, but since you're riding on my dick, you need a saddle No survivors, I spit 'em out just like saliva Well, next stop, hello pop and i'm the driver So faint rappers try to diss, you're a little too proud But niggas on white glows on my shit list Do your ass in like Kennedy's assassin Murder the whole mass and, time to dress passion I float aloft like a sailor, hold you like clothes I got that ass sewned up just like a tailor Kool G Rap, one in a million You're rolling the dice and get sliced the fuked up like a Sicilian A nigga can't do shit for me G Rap and Marly Marl, I'm signing out on the symphony The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Joell Ortiz f/ Big Daddy Kane, Cashmere, Maino, Solomon Album: The Brick: Bodega Chronicles Song: Brooklyn Remix Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Joell Ortiz] + (Solomon) 7-1-8, yeah (Brooklyn!) That's the borough that be havin dudes tuck in they jewels and all that Word? (Brooklyn!) Top model, y'all make it (Brooklyn!) We'll take it, c'mon Brooklyn (Brooklyn!) Ortiz, my whole aura is (Brooklyn!) If I could do it over again I'll be from (Brooklyn!) Dudes don't do it like dudes do it in (Brooklyn!) D sets, A-team, y'all remember (Brooklyn!) Shorties be really ridin to me, they see the (Brooklyn!) Swagger, lights, cameras, action go (Brooklyn!) Bandannas, gangbangers flagged up in (Brooklyn!) Banana clips hang from mad guns in (Brooklyn!) Yo' gutta is gutta but yo' gotta ain't (Brooklyn!) Yo' hood is hood but yo' hood ain't (Brooklyn!) Yo' slum is slum but yo' slum ain't (Brooklyn!) My block is real cause my block's in (Brooklyn!) My glock'll peel your top back in (Brooklyn!) My pops had pills so my pops is (Brooklyn!) Every street {what} avenue, boulevard in (Brooklyn!) Mi gente, y'all know I rep this hard in (Brooklyn!) [Cashmere] + (Solomon) Uhhh, yeah Cashmere, y'all know that I'm from (Brooklyn!) Sutter Ave., Linden Plaza, that's (Brooklyn!) Cypress Hill's, P.H.'s (Brooklyn!) Whatever niggaz make, we take, that's (Brooklyn!) You niggaz know we keep it live in (Brooklyn!) Snatchin niggaz chains since '85, that's (Brooklyn!) King do tut, they made a name in (Brooklyn!) Big Jay-Z, them kings reign in (Brooklyn!) Lil' Kim, Foxy got they fame from (Brooklyn!) Niggaz gettin robbed in The Tunnel, gotta be (Brooklyn!) Shots fired after the club done, that's (Brooklyn!) Upstate Fed time full of niggaz from (Brooklyn!) Juniors, Albee Square Mall, that's (Brooklyn!) Timberland, Champion hoodies, now that's (Brooklyn!) Had niggaz skatin out Empire in (Brooklyn!) Dollar signs, J. Ortiz, now that's (Brooklyn!) [Maino] + (Solomon) Yo, it's my hood, it's only one king from (Brooklyn!) Maino baby, my name ring in (Brooklyn!) You could get your jewelry took dawg in (Brooklyn!) Ask Steph, we still got your chain in (Brooklyn!) It's a few dudes can't come back to (Brooklyn!) Heard Lil' Cease did some rattin in (Brooklyn!) No stringin gates{?}, I brought it back to (Brooklyn!) Run up on dudes with the mac in (Brooklyn!) We got crack and dope spots in (Brooklyn!) Come through, post on your block in (Brooklyn!) Don't act like we don't pop in (Brooklyn!) You'll get done like {*gun cocks*} (Brooklyn!) Hustle Hard, I started a gang in (Brooklyn!) Bring Mya through, let her hang in (Brooklyn!) Them dirty money niggaz think they claimin (Brooklyn!) But them niggaz is a bunch of lames from (Brooklyn!) [Big Daddy Kane] + (Solomon) Uh-huh, and y'all know the livest was yet be from (Brooklyn!) But best believe ya status, the vet be from (Brooklyn!) Them cats that be movin the weight be from (Brooklyn!) The kid shootin hoops in the crate be from (Brooklyn!) Boost the bitches that ain't fuckin is (Brooklyn!) Them niggaz to call to chain tuckin is (Brooklyn!) The cools that'll chase your ride, now that's (Brooklyn!) Young chicks that braid too tight, now that's (Brooklyn!) You hear places that get busy in (Brooklyn!) Staircases stay pissy in (Brooklyn!) The projects with a loft get sparked kid in (Brooklyn!) Prospect to talkers, park kid (Brooklyn!) The streets where the grimiest pop kid (Brooklyn!) Chicken wings from the Chinese spot, shit (Brooklyn!) With big drinkin Kane in the front (Brooklyn!) And out-of-town niggaz claimin they from (Brooklyn!) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Positive K f/ Big Daddy Kane Album: The Skills Dat Pay Da Bills Song: Nightshift Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash 	"You talkin just like a pimp!" "You see pimpin's big business  and it's been goin on since the beginning of time.  And it's gonna continue STRAIGHT AHEAD  til somebody up there turns out the lights on this small planet." [Positive K] Allow me to propose a toast.. Allow me to propose a toast from the Pos and not the ?? In this event I've come to swing Bust a move, present a crown for the king The true black mack with a knack to attract a stack Girls attack, I spin dem out like crack I say, "Cupid, draw back your bow, let your arrow flow and yo.. hit the hoe!" So let me work my maneuver There's none smoother, so you know that I'ma soothe her And uhh, when I start to shoot the gift The next day, I got you workin on the nightshift I got you workin on the nightshift I got you workin on the nightshift [Big Daddy Kane] That's right Pos baby You gotta school these young macks comin up today y'know I mean to be 'frank', they just hot dogs The girls are relish, and they need to ketch-up on they pimpin [Positive K] Positive! Oh yes, the fly pimp I do my thing but I would never attempt to brag or boast, to try to say that I'm the baddest When it comes to this, [bitches] know my status Ridin with Kane in a Mercedes Flashin high-beams, amongst all the young ladies They step up askin me to get in But you know my motto: no skins, no Benz (heh) I give the kiss of death, just like Blackula Before you know it, I'm like a mack to her One whiff of the gap shot swift and quit your day job, cause now you're on the nightshift I got you workin on the nightshift I got you workin on the nightshift [Big Daddy Kane] Check it out, I go by the name of.. well for the time being let's just call me 50 Grand because umm.. heheh There's 50 states and I G'd in each one of them Heh, kick it baby [Positive K] I'm what you'd call a smooth microphone controller My lifestyle's like suave bola Keep my hair in a cameo, gettin gas from Amoco The only thing I'm sniffin is your girlfriend pantyhose *inhales* *exhales* Another hit baby! And if you find that kinky put some barbeque sauce on the tip of my pinky Watch me get freaky like a nymphomaniac and exotic, an erotic tour with the mack No I'm no one to be played with (Kane: Auditions at 12 baby) for the nightshift I got you workin on the nightshift I got you workin on the nightshift I got you workin on the nightshift [Big Daddy Kane] Man, you got to work your women by the scale I mean if she's skinny, make her bring you home a good penny And if she fat, make her pay like she weigh Hmm, come again now [Positive K] I'ma quote an old song, that's if I might What they used to say? "The Freaks Come Out at Night" Yeah, believe it's true, in fact it's a reality Some do it for the love and some do it for the salary Women are true and women are deceiving Women are also, ladies of the evening Shakin them hips softly while she's steppin The lovin ain't a tool, the lovin is a weapon Time keeps tickin and the world keeps turnin Thought I knew it all, but I'm still learnin So fellas watch your ladies cause it's women I'm pursuin Takin em away, no matter what you're doin I don't play games, cause games are for fools And when your girl picks me - you know the rules! And when she disappears, don't even wonder if cause I'm tellin you now - I got her on the nightshift! I got her workin on the nightshift I got em workin on the nightshift Uhh.. I got em workin on the nightshift Ah here we go Uhh, yeah baby c'mon Uhh, yeah, c'mon Uhh, a yeah baby c'mon Check it out C'mon The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Prince Paul f/ Big Daddy Kane Album: Prince Paul Presents: A Prince Among Thieves Song: Mackula's Theory Typed by: Nature2QBC@aol.com [Count Mackula/Big Daddy Kane] Aight, tell me this If you got thirty-six prostitutes and thirty cents in your pocket What you got? Proof that hoes come a dime a dozen baby Uh huh, yeah I mastered the craft on the way to keep em strung The niggaz wanna keep my name from off they girls' tongue So many brag and boast and like to play high quotes Always promisin Thomas' and can't cook toast Thinkin that the mackin game is just a fashion show Not realizin that the rulers get the cash and go Pull up a chair young and notice that the lesson that I'm tellin How To Be A Player better than Bill Bellamy My tongue commits the felony, here's how I gotcha To do the things your momma told you not ta, I shot ya Collect as much product as my mouth'll get And plus I keep my game in order like the alphabet Mister spectacular, better known as Mackula Actors pimpin, a Legend just like an Acura I lay down the law at the door moment that I get wit her The female predator, etcetera etcetera Better to come on in, the Hustle's good so why Knock It Then watch the way I lock it, straight ballin, corner pocket Chorus Anything goes when it comes to hoes cuz pimpin ain't easy ("What you see is what you get") Anything goes when it comes to hoes cuz pimpin ain't easy ("Mackula, he done struck again") You stepped into the playin field, I don't know what you're thinkin Cuz game can smell game, and right now you're ass is stinkin Makin my presence known, see I only do it vague Nowadays, playahating's goin around just like the plague By re-gardless, I'm on some play-hard shit My body's used to all them, I was on the graveyard shift Survival of the fittest, now all you niggaz try to get this While y'all makin love, I'm makin love into a business Now, what's the matter, no confidence within your data? I seen you trippin since I first started lookin at her And if she peak, you know that she'll creep And if you sleep, then that'll be just one you won't keep, uh Now boy you know you need your ass whipped For holdin on her hand as if you're goin on some first grade class trip You feel unable, to keep her in your stable As she listens to the bubbly that's poppin at the next table Life's finer things, victory is mine again You're tryin to win, but got to come way better than those Hieneken's She feel amazed by the game that I be using And now she choosin And you done came up as the one that's losin The smooth crimin-al as I muscle in Grand theft hustlin, Mackula, he done struck again "Oh Lord!" The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Professor X f/ Big Daddy Kane, Brother J, Chuck D, Digital    Underground, Two Kings in a Cipher, Wise Intelligent, and more Album: Puss 'n Boots (The Struggle Continues...) Song: Close the Crackhouse Typed by: jostmatt@bluewin.ch [ Professor X ] Peace Check me The Eternal Son Of the Universal Father Travelling the Infinite Spirit The quest: Paradise But some things are foul On the 3rd planet east of Plutonia From the poppy an extraction Called Criddacktonite Conceived as a weapon backed by the Supremacy Their mission: to strike in offense once again At the state of the Original And you think that you're all that Dealer of the Criddilack Is that a fact you the middy-middy-middy-mack? How can you act on the bloodline ???? of the ???? biddy-biddy-biddy-black The Year of the Wreck Me ???? of the X Boom Kiss the ???? Understand the Nine You will truly find The sign As I bring along some friends of mine From order no quarter, no dropping dime F.T.P. will be the answer to the rhyme This time's line Take heed, the creator of an alien breed No more will my peoples bleed Follow lesson one Follow lesson two Follow lesson three Come with my first diddy-deed [ Brother J ] 1-2, 1-2 Hm... F.T.P., F.T.P. Same old gee with the same strategy See a [edited] em on down More the pigs slap, the more a nigga 'round Enough is enough, it's time that I show the ???? Breakin necks, no respect, Year of Wreck Now... Here's to Uncle Sam and his goofy boy crew And if the dogs ???? I got a job for him too Cause I'm about tired of the dopeman's brew Makin crack babies, make my home into a zoo Zombie over here, zombie over there Zombie losin hair, with their zombie stare Pow-pow, I think it's time, grandma's callin rape Sellin everything from your ???? to purple drapes So if you heed the word and you know the rules Close the crackhouse, no hesitation, you fool [ Wise Intelligent ] PRP P-osse we can walk this, gee Come see the teacher get fresh - COME! Move a little closer to the front rows The teacher crush a musical contest, say Nuff disprespect to the drug dealer Crack sellin black killers stop I gotta save the babies, luxury and false security Make the babies want what the dope dealers got We should take their lives in return of the black babies Babies born dead cause their mother's on crack ???? baby ???? profit, gee Slained by the hands of the blacks [ Big Daddy Kane ] Ooh, the topic of brothers gettin scared But who can relate it, debate it, eliminate it or escape it Talkin that bourgeois talk when you're fallin She's sayin, "Kt's caaaallin me, it's caaaallin me" But you better not answer cause here's your last chance to Correct yourself, collect yourself Instead of livin life as a bummer Cause you been through more pipes than a [edited] plumber Huh, you know the type to be smokin on a crack pipe Man, you know what a goddamn basehead is like Straight too the point the scenario is Next time you mess with base it better be your damn stereo [ Money B ] Nobody's exempted Tried to play the top-tip, even I was tempted Weebbled and I wobbled for a sec Then I had to get a mic check (Like ???? your family caught wreck) I gots no pops to snatch me up and say, "What are we gonna do?" Here's my mother suckin up my brother Little sis holdin my mail, I'm in jail for the blow Cryin if you ddin't know [ Shock G & Humpty Hump ] A: you burn that shit, you can't be a friend to me B: if you don't recognize the dealer as the enemy C: shuttin em down is the mission We're gonna be bargin and we're gonna be dissin (dissin) You need to be slapped like a hoe Slapped like a hoe because you sell blow (You're executin black people) And no no, that's low Don't let crack niggas sell us out Let's close the house down [ Ex-Girlfriend ] If you wanna know just how I'm feelin I don't wanna see no more crack, no more dealin The man who's dealin crack is insecure He will do whatever he can to make you ensure Of your life, your mind and your body and soul Close the crackhouse We gotta close it Close the crackhouse down Close it [ Chuck D ] There was a young lady that lived in a shoe Down and out skid row in a box off the avenue Oh, what a shame it was, I'm tellin you Cause once upon a time she had hair and behind Just that type only cause what she might have been If she hadn't pledged allegiance to the pipe All because of some devils draped in black A white god startin off in the name of crack Let me jump it off, you can't be afraid Of a nine, well baby, get a nine too Step to em let em know what the hood's about Blow em out, time to lure them suckers out If they come back, set on the side, go boom Gotta make room [ Professor X ] From your lab you've tossed and perved us Serve us makes us nervous For a vial a ???? on trial Dial 91100, my son The ???? he has become Dum-diddy-diddy-diddy-dum Patronize the dealer and call that fun Our babies dying, 3-2-1 Instead of the ???? hear the coming of his son And a free man no land right Masquarading the ladies, the feminists now dykes Properly stripped of ???? and the real ???? the might Destroy Plutonia with a pipe Check my ???? manipulating ???? children of the night Fright, witness the skeleton at your door Descendants of kings and expected to whore Peru, Bolivia, no more, no more From the cabinet, the 13th tribby-tribby-tribe We have arrived Signing the declaration of war Back to the original ???? states of laws [ Sister Souljah ] STOP! SHORT TERM PRESSURE - LONG TERM PAIN! ???? you like a ???? No money, no car, you can't be with me So you go sell some blunts and crack to attract And impress some little princess A vial you're smokin like sess, you lose your senses Jumpin fences, cops on your tail Now your big drug dealin ass is in jail You call collect what accept she rejects The money spends ???? We gotta rise up, yes? [ Mickey Jarrett ] Oh yes, oh yes, we don't want none of that That's why you know we a-fi fight 'gainst crack A-mi say oh yes, oh yes, you fi lock down di spot Woy, right ya know mi a-go burn down di spot Di white man are di distributor Dem use crack like ???? future ???? live like we a vulture ???? ???? Man a kill man ???? A-mi say oh yes, oh yes, mi don't want none more of that Woy, that's why you know we a-fi fight 'gainst crack Oh yes, oh yes, mi don't want no more of that Yes, that's why you know di crackhouse, it a-fi stop [ Freedom Williams ] I got a small problem with the devil I don't like crackjack, playback to another level Bury that sh... into dirt Because I see too many of my young brothers gettin hurt Drivin big cars lookin like they stars Just to get a rep's before you step how you aim for the Jaguar You sold your soul to the devil I can't do nothin for ya, man, cause you're too deep in trouble Cause you're too deep in trouble [ YZ ] Check it, it's the return of the livin Returnin what I'm given to the youngster Tryin to put a brother in a dumpster Won't be happy till the whole planet is dead And every ???? warning that I'm known to carry lead With steel, crack known to hex you up But you still be down to do it, new dephts, so you pursue it You knew it, you knew it, you blew it But I know one better, you better pay attention Just listen, to what I have to say Sweet Jesus in the house, so crack, you have to get back So get back your soul, brother, I got your mojo You know you got to close it down, close the crackhouse [ Amen-Ra of 2 Kings in a Cypher ] Tip of the tip, top of the top, clock goes the glock Calculated by the sun ???? connectin to the Blackwatch Zulu, the lights are out, we're in pursuit of the White House Bring the gasoline, blow torches and the kerosine Can you hear me, men? (Yes, we can) already then Can I get an Amen? (Amen) Rebellious one, son of none, African on the run Now my culture's got me kickin the flavor in different tongues Rastafarian ???? Africana ???? di white man ???? for di Columbiana ????, man Let me know that you understand [ D Dot of 2 Kings in a Cypher ] Yo check it, straight out the [edited] District called Columbia Here to pursue and subdue every one of ya Message to the blackman who's now a crackman Ah you stand, so just to prove your manhood You beat upon little boys in the hood Oh - what you're man enough to kill in a drive-by Drive by the White House and all you do is wave hi While the President sits and he signs bills Imports the drugs and the guns that we use to kill Collects the dough, six pack and a laugh Because the biggest crackhouse is on Pennsylvania Ave. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Public Enemy f/ Ice Cube, Big Daddy Kane Album: Fear Of A Black Planet Song: Burn Hollywood Burn   CHUCK D:   Burn Hollywood burn I smell a riot   Goin' on first htey're guilty now they're gone   Yeah I'll check out a movie   But it'll take a Black one to move me   Get me the hell away from this TV   All this news and views are beneath me   Cause all I hear about is shots ringin' out   So I rather kick some slang out   All right fellas let's go hand out   Hollywood or would they not   Make us all look bad like I know they had   But some things I'll never forget yeah   So step and fetch this shit   For all the years we looked like clowns   The joke is over smell the smoke from all around   Burn Hollywood burn   ICE CUBE:   Ice Cube is down with the PE   Now every single bitch wanna see me   Big Daddy is smooth word to muther   Let's check out a flick that exploits the color   Roamin' thru Hollywood late at night   Red and blue lights what a common sight   Pulled to the curb gettin' played like a sucker   Don't fight the power ... the mother fucker   BIG DADDY KANE:   As I walk the streets of Hollywood Boulevard   Thinin' how hard it was to those that starred   In the movies portrayin' the roles   Of butlers and maids slaves and hoes   Many intelligent Black men seemed to look uncivilized   When on the screen   Like a guess I figure you to play some jigaboo   On the plantation, what else can a nigger do   And Black women in this profession   As for playin' a lawyer, out of the question   For what they play Aunt Jemima is the perfect term   Even if now she got a perm   So let's make our own movies like Spike Lee   Cause the roles being offered don't strike me   There's nothing that the Black man could use to earn   Burn Hollywood burn Artist: Quincy Jones f/ Big Daddy Kane, Ice-T, Kool Moe Dee, Melle Mel Album: Back on the Block Song: Back on the Block Typed by: jostmatt@bluewin.ch [ all ] Back Back on the block Back Back on the block Back, on the block, so we can rock With the soul, rhythm, blues, be bop and hip hop Back on the block Back on the block [ VERSE 1: Ice-T ] Ice-T, let me kick my credentials A young player, bred in South Central L.A., home of the bodybag You wanna die, wear the wrong color rag I used to walk in stores and yell: "Lay down!" You flinch an inch - AK spray down But I was lucky cause I never caught the hard time I was blessed with the skill to bust a dope rhyme All my homies died or caught the penzo Lost their diamonds, cops towed their Benzos Livin that life that we thought was it Fast lanin, but the car flipped I'm not gonna lie to ya, cause I don't lie I just kick thick game, some people say: why? Cause I'm back on the block, I got my life back So I school the fools about the fast track I get static from the style of my technique Profanity, the blatant way in which I speak But the Dude knows the streets ain't no kiddie game You don't know the Dude? Quincy's his first name He told me: "Ice, keep doin what you're doin, man Don't give a damn if the squares don't understand You let em tell you what to say and what to write Your whole career'll be over by tomorrow night Rap from your heart, and your heart's with the street Rap on my record, man, Kimiko, send Ice the beat" The Dude is def no doubt, what can I say? The man can roll with Ice-T or Michael J [ all ] Back Back on the block Back Back on the block Back, on the block, so we can rock With the soul, rhythm, blues, be bop and hip hop Back on the block Back on the block [ VERSE 2: Melle Mel ] I'm back, on the block, on the screen I'm on the wax, I'm on the stage, I'm on the scene I'm on the case, just like an attorney The Dude took me on a magic journey To dance in France, alone in Rome On the farmlands of Nebraska, the cold of Alaska The heat of the motherland To be with my brotherman On top of a snowcapped mountain I'm scoutin What another man saw in a race of people To see him give his life for the price of equal The highest wisdoms, the richest kingdoms The Song of Songs we heard David sing them He showed me me when I was young and hung out He showed me makin love, even showed me strung out He showed me poppin nines, standin on a rock But tears came to my eyes when he showed me my block [ Tevin Campbell (& Andrae Crouch Singers) ] Stokie's just Stokie, mama (Stokie's Stokie) And one by one each woman he kiss (He kiss her and she gon' fall in love) Stokie's just Stokie, you know? (Stokie's Stokie) Till someone shows that they care enough (Ain't nothin gonna bother Stokie much) Some say they can't take it no more (Comin here, comin here startin stuff) But Dude is back on duty fo' sho' (Back on the block to stay) They say he ain't gonna be with it (Comin back, comin back to the street) But Dude he know you'll never forget it (Back on the block to stay) [ VERSE 3: Big Daddy Kane ] Back up and give the brother room  To let poetry bloom to whom It may concern or consume As I reminisce before this The bliss that exist But now we brought about a twist Cause I remember of my people bleedin Put through slavery and killed for bravery We shoulda got our freedom much sooner You never seen a blackman on _The Honeymooners_ But now somehow we've learned to earn, to grow, to show The elevation of a people built is so Jesse Jackson, Miss America a black one No more livin for just a small fraction I was once told by the Dude that knowledge is a food To nourish, so to conclude This from an Asiatic descendant, Big Daddy is shocked Yo Q, we back on the block [ all ] Back Back on the block Back Back on the block Back, on the block, so we can rock With the soul, rhythm, blues, be bop and hip hop Back on the block Back on the block [ VERSE 4: Kool Moe Dee ] An everlasting omnipresence is my present State of being, seeing the unpleasant Sight of righteous souls live like peasants The mind stunts growth in adolescence My insight enables me to enlight The weakest of minds, and I put em in flight As I transcend, a-scend or de-scend Re-create, re-incarnate and re-send The powerful spirits of our ancestors For those that don't know how God blessed us Because man messed up, the media dressed up Lies perpetrated as truth, and it left us Confused, but I've seen it all before >From Babylon to the Third World War I'm more than a man, I'm more like an entity Back on the block, and this time my identity Is the Dude Ba-ba-ba-back on the Ba-back on Ba-ba-back on the block Ba-ba-back on Ba-ba-back on the block [ Tevin Campbell (& Andrae Crouch Singers) ] Stoki, ke Stoki, mai-bo (Stoki, Stoki) Wam babma, wam bamb'u mandisa (Wahm bamba wahm bamboo mandisa) (Stoki ke Stoki, mai-bo) (Stoki, Stoki) Wam babma, wam bamb'u mandisa (Wahm bamba wahm bamboo mandisa) M'yeke, yeke, yeke, wena (Kha'mye, kha'myeke wena) Yo khala, khala, khala, u mama (Yo khal'u mama khe) M'yeke, yeke, yeke, wena (Kha'mye, kha'myeke, wena) Yo khala, kha, 'yok 'shaya u baba (Yok shaya u baba khe) [ Rev. Jesse Jackson ] (Now I would - I would contend that ah - The rappers - rap is here to stay) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Red Hot Lover Tone f/ Big Daddy Kane, Rich Nice Album: #1 Player Song: In the Game Typed by: jostmatt@bluewin.ch [ *movie excerpt* ] "Hey wait a minute Now we're in the business of runnin hoes" Red Hot tell me are you in the game? (He's in the game, baby, he's in the game) Big Daddy tell me are you in the game? (He's in the game, baby, he's in the game) Rich Nice tell me are you in the game? (He's in the game, baby, he's in the game) Red Hot tell me are you in the game? (He's in the game, baby, he's in the game) [ VERSE 1: Red Hot Lover Tone ] (Check it out) It's the players ball, all in all I'm pimpin em all, big, small Short or tall, yes yes y'all What's your name, dear, I don't recall Maybe it's 'Angela, Pamela, Renee I love you' - nah, that's L.L. Cool J Hey-ey I got a million and one things to say Mackin till I'm old and grey Ay, don't come my way If you're expecting foreplay - okay? Drop your Jabose, baby, I suppose Bitches ain't nothin but sluts and hoes Good for a segment Gottta keep em barefoot and pregnant And give em a mackin For overreactin Still don't know your name Young players are lame, I wrote the rules of the game Big Daddy tell me are you in the game? (He's in the game, baby, he's in the game) Rich Nice tell me are you in the game? (He's in the game, baby, he's in the game) Red Hot tell me are you in the game? (He's in the game, baby, he's in the game) Big Daddy tell me are you in the game? (He's in the game, baby, he's in the game) [ VERSE 2: Big Daddy Kane ] Lookin tall, dark and handsome over there, cleaner than the Board of Health Go on Big Daddy, with your badself Makin money off a lady every night, each hoe never brings in less than 80 You know what I mean, baby? It's easy to control a woman's body, that's fine But the key is to control a woman's mind So at the players ball y'all all know who the winner is Cause my game is stronger than stainless steel Genesis So what you're doin, kid, pimpin or simpin? Mackin or slackin, are your girls cruisin or choosin? Your true identity is being exposed 'Shade-tree nigga, you a rest haven for hoes' So ladies out there, if your life seems destroyed Come check me out so you can be employed Because the corner full of women over there I'm to blame Pimps know my name cause - I'm still in the game Rich Nice tell me are you in the game? (He's in the game, baby, he's in the game) Red Hot tell me are you in the game? (He's in the game, baby, he's in the game) Big Daddy tell me are you in the game? (He's in the game, baby, he's in the game) Rich Nice tell me are you in the game? (He's in the game, baby, he's in the game) [ VERSE 3: Rich Nice ] Now I can tell the flavor from the stench of the aroma Once I bone her honey's in a coma The Mack in your Roni and I'm smooth as Pretty Tony Ladies all call me the young brown Goldie Cause I can talk the drawers off a mannequin Not even Father Flannagan could save that ass once I begin 'I mean you gon' love me like candy I'ma be everything to you - understand me?' (Yes Daddy) So all you macks tryin to test me or maybe impress me Snap out of that shit, it ain't sexy I put pimp in your limp, cut in your strut Ain't nothin funny Just get me my money I mean you know how I run my game Ain't nothin but a little shoobie-doobie when I start to do my thing So if you see a player walkin and your girl starts sqwakin Shut the fuck up when grown folks is talkin Red Hot tell me are you in the game? (He's in the game, baby, he's in the game) Big Daddy tell me are you in the game? (He's in the game, baby, he's in the game) Rich Nice tell me are you in the game? (He's in the game, baby, he's in the game) [ repeated until fade ] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Shyheim f/ Big Daddy Kane, G.P. Wu Album: Pass it Off 12" Song: Pass it Off (Underground Remix) Typed by: Masta10304@HotMail.Com Intro: Shyheim Yo, y'all crazy, son Big up June Lova, word up How you feel Killa Kane? Comin at'ca like this, word up Yo, this goes out to my man X 2 Cent and Tone, rest in peace, baby Representin Staten Island to it's fullest Keith Murray in the house Big up Big Daddy Kane Droppin down on this track [Shyheim] You better look out kid cuz I'm the Wu-Tang's smallest artist When I come thru niggas be jettin like I'm narcotics I'm the shorty that'll bust but yet I hit the hardest When I rose up on ya squad just show me where ya heart is Just start and snitch like a bitch, cold drop a dime I cut that ass short like a tree of alpine but I'm not lumberjack, black and a matter of fact I flip that ass like two kilo's of crack packs I let off quick like a four-fifth automatic Who got Static like Spike Lee? I gotta have it And give it to ya ass raw like a proud faggot I keep 'em movin like I did on my first LP I stay true to The Grain of G.P. Word to my motha I could never be a sucka I Die Hard too, yipee-cahier mothafucka [Down Low Recka] Now it's the Down Low comin thru with the roughness technique, niggas packin needles can't bust this teflon style that I master, my art Hit the chart, wait, combine with the track from the heart I take shape and break, the best when they fake Maneuvers, are natural born when into these losers Ego bruiser, fly bitch chooser Marijuana user, Valentine Hell enducer Be too slick and sly for the guy with the best try Nigga fake a move, ya gotta die I got the loaded clip and I'm about to show ya how we murder niggas slang with the slang from the Shaolin Isle Now... Chorus: [All] Pass it off I wanna flip! [Shy] They got me vexed son [All] Pass it off I wanna flip! [DLR] I got 'em runnin for protection [All] Pass it off I wanna flip! [Rub] Eh yo, it's burnin hot [All] Pass it off I wanna flip! [Pop] About to wet up the whole block [Big Daddy Kane] There's a new sheriff in town to get down A hip-hop father figure in rap nah fuck around Executin homocidal lyrics from the throat My mob's on it for me, then Murder She Wrote Because I leave a rapper ruined for what ya think ya doin I'm the raw one they try to be pursuin Once I step up on the mic your squad's out of site Couldn't come hard if you was Jerry at a fight I don't feel fear but I bring a real scare When I'm on a rapper's like a cripple in a wheelchair Terrorize ya whole crew when I come thru But now I'm sayin "See? I shouldn't've listened to y'all" [Pop Da Brown Hornet] It's time to bust a cherry, or should I say a nut? You can run if you want to, I'll still catch you in your butt I'm aim is on point like a racist cop and I get down and dirty like a project mop If you're in between a crack I'll find just where you're at Expose you, beat ya ass like no one knows you I have no sympathy for no mouse emcee Once I snap you in my trap there ain't no turnin back I got you where I want you, that's under my wing You ain't shit, your wisdom treats me like a king So please mothafucka with that premium choice shit By the looks of things, I think that it's best ya forfeit A true experience should be taken for a scroll I'm big time baby, ya gonna need a centerfold Chorus [Rubbabandz] Murder, all I see is gats in my mind Cock back ready for combat, pass the nine I'm a mind blower, constructin boats like Noah So I could never drown in this rap thing I keeps it real, like Shaquille O'Neal on the court Better recognize or get played like a sport My flow's comin down, somethin terrible Down pat when I be on the train ridin R tracks Lyrics is phat, contact, the lyrical smoke got me open Infact, I think I'm ready to rock steady I leave ya white like Betty Froze you and plus you're not quick like Ever-ready Oh shit that clown just took the bait and lost more blood then Nobra lost weight Prepare for gladiation, I'ma send the nation It doesn't matter if you're Japanese or Jamaican [Shyheim] Yea, yea, yea, that was superior Yea, yea, let's get up outta here Word life, peace The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Sway and Tech f/ Big Daddy Kane, Chino XL, Kool G. Rap Album: This or That Song: 3 to the Dome Typed by: Nature2QBC@aol.com *carried over from previous song* [Kool G Rap] Aiyyo check it out yo, this is Kool G Rap Lettin you know from the foundation, Road to the Riches Sway & Tech represented for a cat The next album, Wanted Dead Or Alive My man Sway & Tech represented, yaknamsayin The next album, Live And Let Die What goes on from 4,5,6 And now The Roots Of Evil They kept it real through all the freestyles Wit me, Big Daddy Kane, KRS-One Namean?, the list goes on and on No doubt, namsayin? [Big Daddy Kane] Uh-huh, you in the perils of the lyrical heroes That rule just like the pharoahes Robert DeNiro's got it covered just like sombreros Seek shelter, here comes the warpath Anyone who's tryin to reign, I change the whole forecast If I slip, half a herd he learned This murder he earned ?in turn? ? turned his body to third-degree burns You're purely pathetic, I won't let it And once I set it, the after-party's in the paramedics Vulgars, come back when you're older Talkin like you're grown, you cats is small soldiers Enough of them as the god muscle in, it's puzzlin You couldn't carry weight if you was hustlin Style ain't even de-cent, them not gonna squeeze none Please dun, give me one rea-son What I, say in a verse will be slayin you worse As I wet em up just for the sake of obeying my thirst Anytime anywhere, without any fair I'll do it with any hair, what da deal, ain't he there? wha what What I do will be crucially brutally  Usually legal and rippin stupidly, ain't nuttin new to me What I spit attract felons, crack melons Leave the chickenheads back swellin Game tight wit the way I'm livin I bag birds and I stuff em like Thanksgiving My bad self, get more love than tennis >From New York to Venice Black as a dentist here to represent to live wit the menace To win the apprentice, if your heart shows stealth You better watch yo' self before I stop yo' health Cuz then the props here baby, you ain't gettin You better recognize, the true and livin You played yourself fast, put two quarters in your ass What I meant? Arcades done went up to fifty cent [Chino XL] That lyric tarantula, Chino about to make this example of Wit one verse, shittin on a whole label roster sampler My first name:Chino, my last name:Went There Leavin rappers curled up and dyed like Immature's hair Wit lyrical warfare, when I spray shit My style like AIDS, half a y'all got it just none of y'all is sayin shit I hate and spit at devils that want to posses Chi Jesus came in the vocal booth, like "Nigga, you the next me!" So test me, battle and you will become a dead man And there's a lot of fake Chino's like Craig Mack's a fake Redman But I'm above the surface of this rap circus Writin more incredible verses on accident than you can on purpose You a worthless waste of flesh, like fat asses on a nun I'm God's bastard son, that blasts and thinks bloodbaths are fun I hate you wit a passion, make white chicks faint like I'm Hanson Historically know for bringin down the house like I'm Samson My damn tongue bursts, in the the first verse there's a bad curse that hurts I'm leavin wack church passengers inside of a fast hearse Escapin the wrath of Jerse It's a sad earth when my pen dirts Axe murderer type of massacre occurs if we match words I'm past blurs, I smack herbs Gritty-green eyes like Badu Leavin minds fucked up like Maxwell's hair-do And I'ma be the sickest till I'm dead The type to rent Halloween 4 eight times just to laugh at LL's head My new album is Flo-Jo's heart, watch it blow up You ain't just wack, you're what wack wants to be when it grows up [Kool G Rap] The Godfather saga, hit you dead in the chest like shots of Vodka Funer-als crowded like soccer while I'm watchin opera Last like Sinatra, blast like Binaca Binoculars is how I'm watchin droppin from the chopper Mafia imposter You're left for dead wit your face inside of your plate of pasta ?Freddy in a hasa?, salute to my crew to prosper (salute) You know how we do, we icepick the boulder You get dabbed over glasses of ice wit the Bolla Blood on your shoulder, make costra nostra Keepin the heater wit the toasters Dough in the sofa, cashmeres and gator loafers We bullet-proof the Rovers, pimp-smack you sober Our whole crew is ?skippin? lieutenants and soldiers Flip on you the way Montana did to Minola Condition vulgar holdin on blowers older than Yoda Leave bad odors when we give cobras crystal like Yoga Colder than the caps that's in the Polar, bubble like soda ?Been in Egypt for loader foreliners over? Cross me, cut our your momma's ovaries Kid you know the steez, have your wake smellin like potpourri On the low-key, ship keys to over-seas My shit gets sold quicker than groceries K-double-O-L-and-G, you know it's me The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tony Touch f/ Big Daddy Kane, Kool G. Rap, KRS-One Album: The Piece Maker Song: Class of '87 Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Big Daddy Kane] Uh uh.. what? Uh-huh Just put it down baby What? Uh, yo, yo.. Somebody let the lion out the den, I come flyin out to win Whatever you tryin bout to end - Kane's comin Let me explain somethin - we rules the place You couldn't shine around me wearin a suit from Mase And that, gruesome face - G, cock the hammer Let's test his stamina or make him smile like he on Candid Camera I'm wreckin jaws with extra force just because I have no respect for yours against the boss Nigga, check your drawers Don't let it get to where I have to sun ya And goin back you wonder Put holes inside your chest like accupuncture Give me a reason to flip I'll put deez in your lip Be laid up without deez in your wrist and you bleed when you piss Presence alone make the hardest cats soften Put niggaz in the coffin Play Daddy to a female orphan I keeps it heated while so many get deleted And you close to bein the next one to meet it, now beat it! [Kool G. Rap] Chandeliers glare, mahogany floors, house on the shore with the balcony doors, marble walls like it's Carnegie Hall Armies of whores walk around in they drawers Mountains of raw, water fountains pour - take a tour ?? in the floor, draped in velour, paper galore Master suite dinner table for four Sittin on four acres or more Bracin my jaw, scrapin the floor Home of Capone, gold phone take me to war Sip the Henny-Rock straight with a straw, lovin the cabbage Money stashes up in the mattress, fuckin the actress Bless her finger with ten carats, leather giraffe it my suit fabrics, silk smooth shoes jurassic Rip everything from new to classic Bulletproof jackets that move drastic Package the her-on in blue plastic Who blew the racket? G. Luciano with the drug traffic Homicide's a thug habit let your crew have it [KRS-One] Word, word.. feel that! Feel that! Word up Tony Touch, in the cluth, word up Word up.. it's KRS-One Comin through Big Daddy Kane, Kool G. Rap YouknowhatI'msayin? Givin you a moment to, to feel this Feel it up! My man Tony Touch, came to me in the clutch and he said, "Yo KRS-One man I want you to get on this record and, to just represent for the Latin Quarter crew y'know, y'know the Class of '87" So I said uhh, ha hah, I said, "What's your name again?" He said, "Tony!" So I took his name and I reversed it and when Tony's reversed it spells - Y NOT? So Y NOT? It's irrefutable my facts are usable They might be new to you but they suitable to the street entrepenuerial Mentally unmovable When I move it's your beautiful brutal funeral in your face or the bodega mural I can cure all, or kill all, which do you prefer it y'all? I throw up lyrics like cats chokin on furballs Herbal remedies and vocal melodies be changin up my identity from Kool G. to K-A-N-E Movin em up, movin em up, breakin em all the way down Takin em up, shakin em up, takin away they sound You better be ready when I be comin around, layin it down Divine speech for each, what you think I'm playin around? I flash right on em, and rock mics for em but they can't see this MC cause I'm too bright for em The unraveller, world traveller, philosopher Timeless, K-R-S, now you rewind this! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: UGK f/ Big Daddy Kane and Kool G. Rap Album: Underground Kingz Song: Next Up Typed by: gemini_20502k@yahoo.com, kirenamloh@msn.com [Intro - Marley Marl] Gawd-DAYUM! I don't know what y'all been thinkin bout But I think this right here is about to shut dem damn haters down!! [Big Daddy Kane] I'm from the streets that make niggaz walk slow talk low wit white chalk-o, mi casa be siete uno ocho Brooklyn motherfucker, handle this - pardon my Spanish and French (Brooklyn baby!!!) Okay, I stay clever like Mayweather with lay leather 'til your face sever, one of the greatest ever Beyond ringing bells, my name's so demanding Shit! - I got the swagger that'll leave Dakota +Fanning+ (That boy still standing!!) I hope you niggaz over standing; I stay sucker-free The next kaing of in the game, you ain't got enough to be Your career last a week, that'll be luckily Fuck wit me, the rap game'll need protective custody (AHH!) I'm the same thug to be, surrounded with women Gave the game +True Religion+ before you found it in denim Feel the, "Wrath of Kane," and you could not escape The hip-hop version of "The Ring" and you just watched the tape (Next up!!) [Bun B.] And keep your eyes on the niggas in Ward Triple black in the candy painted car is the color of board Me or my brother on pall wit n'am nigga We Trill workin the wheel, understand nigga? (UNDERSTAND??) I smother and split a bitch down to the tendon High pressure, if you don't break your ass bendin I'm way past endin in my series of warnin You flex with me tonight playa you dead by the mornin (Woo!) Bun Beater the best ever breathin or deceased From the South to Midwest, Cali to the East Got to any city nigga and bring my name up (all o'em!) I bet I eat the best rapper they got in the game up Call a nigga up, email him or chirp him Make a meal out his motherfuckin ass and then burp him (DAYUM!) Don't fuck around I'm not your lil' homey I'm the king of the underground so act like you know me (Next up!!) [Kool G. Rap] Feel me... Homie, we big steppin, big reppin We givin kids Smith & Wesson's lessons, you get left with a sketchin Left with the Midwest, clique Texans (who dat?) G. and Daddy Kane, the click Texas, (word) pop you to death I put private planes on swift Jetsons, niggaz know what it is when you see the ball cap and a slick Thessons (woo!) (Aight) Til you strip vexing to a movie clip from the Westerns Shit from the Uzi clip lift up your midsection (Tell em G. Rap) He will introduce you to the nose on the Glock fam Give you metal jackets like clothes from a rock band (rock band!) Multiple holes, you get those on your top, man (AOOOW!) High roller dose some hoes on the cock plan Froze but never coldly rolls with a hot hand We stackin cheese til the rubberbands pop scrams And I ain't breakdancin when I'm in the pop stance Bank pounds like James Brown give 'em +Hot Pants+ (Next up!!) [Pimp C] I make your gurl get down and open it up Put my dick up in they jaws and go in they butt I'm a young hot street flame (Flame) They call me Sweet James, or call me Sir Jones Two hundred dollar cologne  (Uh!) Board Nine, or Issey Miyaki I got your gurl mine, meat strong like saki I ain't Rocky but I keep her rockin Fuck around I'll knock your tuna fish out of socket Your bitch out of pocket, she under pimpery She reckless eyeballin watchin my top fall in on my Lambourghini with the quick scream Fettucini, linguini, shrimp and a bowl of lean! What you know about gettin cross country Nigga your piece big but your diamond look monkey You need to take that shit back That ain't no emmy diamonds what the fuck you done to that.......... Bitch what the fuck you done to that?! [Outro: Marley Marl] Now, damn somebody need to beat Jacob's ass over that!!!! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Dionne Warwick f/ The Hip-Hop Nation United Album: Dionne Sings Song: What the World Needs Now is Love Typed by: willie_lump_lump@excite.com [Damon Warwick] Yo mom, who thought that this could happen [Dionne] Nobody but me [Ray J] Love is what we need So if you get that, the blessing will proceed, so please give back [Big Daddy Kane] Coming at ya, mob deep on this song And now it's on Come together for born Better yet form Voltron Spread love like mustard, bust it, making knowledge be born So trust it, it's B-D-K, learn to love it  [Dionne Warwick](Chorus) What the world needs now is love sweet love  [Flesh Bone] I know just exactly what world needs now, plead it Everybody come show a little love for your family, Jesus we need it And even when I flip through the pages of my history Slowly reveal the mystery Got to get it together quickly, in this industry [Dionne Warwick] Lord, we don't need another mountain  There are mountains and hillsides enough to climb There are oceans and rivers enough to cross Enough to last till the end of time  [Kurupt] Yo, yo, yo I could see far and beyond, me and my auntie Dionne With the homie Fazon, who's cool as freon As the music plays on, portrays and stays on Got this thing together, got to get our game together Life is life and if your ears are open You could see when you scope doors closed or open Whether you're in or you're out You're always in and that's for sure And that's what friends are for, for what the world needs  [Dionne Warwick] (Chorus) What the world needs now is love sweet love What the world needs now [Dionne Warwick] Lord, we don't need another meadow There are cornfields and wheat fields enough to grow There are sunbeams and monnbeams enough to shine Listen Lord, if you want to know  [Mic G]  Give me this drug, they call it love I'd pump it off around the world  To touch the soul of every man, woman, child, boy and girl [Royal Flush] I pray that we could live together on this family tree Royal Flush and Mic G, we want the world to see [Big Daddy Kane] What's happening  Is the matter when the people traveling  To grasp a pen and pad and then this united gathering Keep it on the love, love if you expect the vibe  Work it out just like an exercise, shame of [Dionne Warwick] (Chorus) What the world needs now is love, sweet love What the world needs no  Come on can we have unity Just a little bit of unity, brother Just a little bit, just a little bit of love baby [Coolio] L is for the lies that they told and the lines that they crossed  When they burglarized my soul, they cold O is for the outsiders looking in, times is looking grim You can't even trust your friends, damn V, cause it's very necessary  That various policies get variated and eradicated, I hate it E is for the extra mile you had to walk  Just to talk to your homie who was locing And to show him you have love for him.  [Dionne Warwick] What the world needs now is love sweet love. What the world needs now  It's the only thing that there's just too little of [Flesh Bone] We humbly gather together united with almighty power Ready to rumble at any hour Got love and it won't let me stumble, follow me [Dionne Warwick] What the world needs now is love sweet love. What the world needs now [Tyrese] (Fades out) Can we get together, I'm on my way, baby Come on get together, unity We can unify the hip-hop nation 