The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Big K.R.I.T. f/ Big Sant Album: K.R.I.T. Wuz Here Song: Return of 4Eva Typed by: newos_crib_is@hotmail.com "What a difference a day makes" [Chorus: Big K.R.I.T.] It's the Return of 4Eva hoe (hoe, hoe) Pimp, pimp tight, pimp tight worldwide It's the Return of 4Eva hoe (hoe, hoe) Outer, outer space, outer space enterprise It's the Return of 4Eva hoe (hoe, hoe) Live, live from the, live from the underground It's the Return of 4Eva hoe (hoe, hoe) I'm talk-, I'm talking once upon a, once upon a time in the south [Big K.R.I.T.] Now it's the young K-R-I-T Macking hoes like niggas with perms and gold teeth Candy paint, Caddy doors, how I feel? Gator toe fetish with diamonds against the wheel like a pimp, never slack, never fold Shake 'em up, break 'em and slam 'em like dominoes on the flo', by my notes, player made Replenishing these bitches with pimping like Gatorade Tailor made, Super Tight, Mr. B looking for a diva to wide receiver a dick Touch down, out of sight, let it go Coming out haaaard! [Big Sant] Well it's Big Sant bitch and I'm mob-type figure Coming down on you hoes and you pussy ass niggas Forever international, sipping sake with my asian gal My address is the winner's circle, you can hate me now Hotter than my leather in the summer with the windows up The word legend never get said 'less you mention us My speech is mink, I want it all plus the kitchen sink The whip white, time right, money green, pussy pink Yeah, you can do with that? Think I'm lying Baby chose on my pose, hoe I'm polished just to shine Add the BluBlockers and gators and even Stevie could see So look at me motherfucker, look at me [Big Sant] Man I'm coming out harder than you could ever imagine Paper stacking, breaking mics, living the fastest (yeah!) I keep dimes on deck like a bank teller Pimping so strong, ain't shit that I can't tell her You ain't on my radar hoe, I can't smell ya Can't see ya, don't know ya partner, so you ain't special See we alumni nigga, next level See me on top of the food chain, no pressure [Big K.R.I.T.] Now hold up, hold on, get with it bitch Throw money like hot potatoes, can't wait to get rid of this Emphasizing my emphasis, don't sleep on my lyricism Glow like the moon and stars, shine like a billion prisms See the vision clear as day, Randy Savage with my mouthpiece Life coach, quite hard, lost hope, outreach Plenty done it, but none can measure to the bass and the treble of a motherfucking rebel "Sounds easy, doesn't it? It ain't" The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Big K.R.I.T. Album: K.R.I.T. Wuz Here Song: Country Shit Typed by: newos_crib_is@hotmail.com Let me tell you bout this super fly, dirty dirty Third coast muddy water, shawty pop that pussy if you wanna Let me tell you bout this old school, pouring lean Candied yams and collard greens, Pocket Full of Stones, riding clean Let me tell you bout this country shit, country-country shit (country-country shit) Let me tell you bout this country shit, country-country shit (country-country shit) Let me tell you bout this country shit, country-country shit (country-country shit) Let me tell you bout this country shit, country-country shit (country-country shit) [Big K.R.I.T.] Yeah, I told him, aw man hold up, what you know about it? Candy cars, superstars, rubber bands in my pocket A couple broads for the popping, if she riding then she bopping Bitch I'm selling if you shopping, if you need it then I got it If I want it then I cop it, you don't like nigga? Top it Why you worried bout mine hoe? What's off in your wallet? I was riding my Screw shit, rims chop-chopping Top dropping, throwing bread crumbs, crows start flocking Knocking pictures off the wall, we sit tall but we still crawl We still shoot, we still score, we still win, so we still ball We still hood, so fuck them laws, I got nuts and I got loot If you can't see the King in a nigga like me undoubtedly, well fuck you too, yeah [Big K.R.I.T.] Okay, the Caddy still swanging and the trunk still banging Nigga, tricking ain't pimping shawty, what is y'all thinking? Wh-wh-what is y'all saying? Wh-wh-what is y'all sanging? Hit the club, buy the bar, like what is y'all dranking? Old school foreign cars shawty, what is y'all cranking? Kush blunts, bank teller ask me, why is y'all stanking? If it's money I chill shawty, why is y'all playing? She was bound to fuck a pimp, so why is you caking? Saving hoe, caped crusader at her service, aiding hoe Damn the hoe, blame the hoe for the same shit you paid her fo' Shake it mo' for a pimp with my shrimp on my plate Countryfied, country fly with a tape The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Big K.R.I.T. Album: K.R.I.T. Wuz Here Song: Just Touched Down Typed by: newos_crib_is@hotmail.com [Intro: Big K.R.I.T.] Let's get it pimp (let's get it shawty) This for all my real players (yeah!) Sounds so soulful, don't you agree? (ay, what the beat this here?) I'll tell you what I want you to do (I just touched, t-t-touched, touched down) If you on your way and you bout to do it big (I just touched, t-t-touched, touched down) this what you tell 'em shawty! I just touched down, aye what it is shawty (yeah!) I'm going places shawty I just touched down, aye what it is shawty (yeah!) I'm going places shawty I just touched down, aye what it is shawty (yeah!) I'm going places shawty I just touched down (just touched, t-t-touched, touched down) (I just touched, t-t-touched, touched) [Big K.R.I.T.] I just touched down in my city on chrome Working wood wheel, from a yellow getting dome Gators on my toes, love how I'm living Ay, tell me what I'm doing if I ain't fucking pimping Getting money, working overtime, supernova shine Only see a player down and out, ain't no clone in mine, I'm one of a kind Colder though, make 'em hit the flo', she do what I like Been doing this since 2005, this ain't overnight Show you're right, Super-duper Tight, showing bumper grill Popping trunk, roll it, smoke it up, cracking hella seals How I feel? Never ever fucking with my level They be trying, but no one can do it better [Big K.R.I.T.] I just got paid, working on a slab While y'all was watching cartoons, I was beating shaft, acting bad Swanging lane to lane, dripping candy paint Ain't no hoe this side of the Mississippi resists my candy thang, fly without a plane Debonair, throwed without a care, police stop and stare Toot it up, triple boot it up, pop and lock it there Drop it there, rock it there, I'm a motivator Haters best keep walking if it ain't about paper I'm trill, down like four flat tires on the cutthroat SS or a Cadillac See they might have slithered off the syrup, I'm out here sitting King Out my momma's womb breathing life into this pimping [Big K.R.I.T.] You dealing with a country fly, certified country flow M-I-crooked letter, the Return of 4Eva hoe Super-duper clean on the scene, pop my collar back Product hella fine when rhyme, not selling powder packs K.R.I.T., P.I.M.P. on you, where my dollars at? If you ain't bout this vision that I'm kicking then don't holler back Pimping is my child, stretching out for miles Street and block approved, I'm a home professional The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Big K.R.I.T. Album: K.R.I.T. Wuz Here Song: Hometown Hero Typed by: Lcstyle@Hotmail.com Yeah, yeah, yeah,  a superhero in the flesh even at my worst I'm the best for the finish I stretch when they advance me this check could've bought my way to heaven but I blow it on my neck instead what you expect when you ain't have shit and they ain't paying half of what you asking couldn't even see the pussy even if it's Cassie lot of hoe's is down for taking pictures cause you're flashin' you can't even imagine maybe Kim Kardashian number one song get a grammy now I'm smashin Maserati crashin' swerving through the traffic wrap it round a pole sell a mil off the tragedy I defy gravity flyer than I have to be talking to the Lord I can't stay who gone save hip-hop after me that's like a torn ACL to an athlete Boobie Miles friday light capture me In my hometown...  King City, King, King City  Third Third Coast Representer Mississippi Switchin Lanes  King City, King, King City,  Third Third Coast Representer Mississippi Switchin Lanes 300 my my 300 my stomping ground 300 my my 300 my stomping ground 300 my my 300 my stomping ground King City M-Town hometown hero Yeah, yeah, it's just Ciroq in the cooler not a day off but I'm still Ferris Bueller winners never lose so how dare you confuse us they quote what I spit like Confucius he say she say rumors all day the rap game is high school and life's a hallway like what click you in the Beamer or the Benz the Bentley or the Lambo like here we going again don't sit at my table VIP I got this you ain't poppin champagne after every game then don't pop shit homecoming queen with my picture in her locket but I know what's up with her hands in my pockets they love me cause my swag is so jockish freshman year I saw a ring like I'm boxin' you voted most likely to never ever top this I'm Michael Jordan Dennis Rodman's in my hometown Of my world of my world  yeah of my world of my world  yeah The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Big K.R.I.T. Album: K.R.I.T. Wuz Here Song: Viktorious Typed by: newos_crib_is@hotmail.com [Intro: Big K.R.I.T.] At the end of the day these niggas don't give a fuck shawty, you feel me? I've been doing this shit man since '05 my nigga, I just touched down Representing that Mississippi shit Man I swear they don't give me a shot cause of that shit Me, I'm countrier than a motherfucker, but my lyrical content is crazy I'm making my own beats, what the fuck?! [Big K.R.I.T.] They like, Krizzle what you gonna be if balling all they wanna see? The car, the clothes, the hoes, the Chevy do's that fall like angel wings (All of that been done befo') but I'ma keep it simple Put my voice up on a track until it come back monumental Fuck a hater (I was greater) nominated since a youngun out the womb, I was groomed to be the ruler over something It was nothing to be better (yeah), always on they level They was hating, they was scared cause they reign ain't forever They've been hearing bout me lately, wondering what I'm doing They've been napping, I've been vicking for the spot I've been pursuing Ain't no losing where I'm coming from (ain't no going back) Ain't no looking down (only looking round) where they at? Where they going when I get here, I can't figure out If you ain't a bank teller nigga, what you talking bout? (Tell 'em K.R.I.T.) Telling it for years, they've been boring us, ignoring us My climb to the top will be glorious, viktorious [Interlude: Big K.R.I.T.] Now I ain't got no animosity to these niggas coming out, y'knahmean? At the end of the day I want to see a nigga get money But you can't tell me Mississippi had a run Not like Texas, not like Florida Not like Memphis, not like Louisiana, not like Atlanta Hey, Alabama did they thang, come on shawty It all boils down to we got something to say, you feel me? [Big K.R.I.T.] They like, Krizzle what you gonna say when all the cameras in your face about the 'Sip and David Banner, and what it means to take his place (Take a stand) Do all that I can to get off the block Misinterpret what I say (now they think I'm taking shots) On the low it gave a nigga hope, that's just what it is I don't need a nigga vouching for me, that's just how I feel Never had (never ever been) and I never will Mississippi never had a run (let's just keep it real) Not like all these other states, Texas had 'em swanging down Rich Boy "Threw Some D's" on it, Alabama certified Florida been outta there (Louisiana keep it trill) Lil Wayne do his thang (kush and bud crazy where I live) Memphis Tenn', Yo Gotti, Three 6, Ball & MJ' Atlanta still the Mecca, artists blowing out chere every day (Tell 'em K.R.I.T.) Tell 'em that for years they aborted us, ignoring us My story will be glorious, viktorious The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Big K.R.I.T. Album: K.R.I.T. Wuz Here Song: See Me On Top Typed by: newos_crib_is@hotmail.com When I get a million, gator-toed reptilian Lamborghini killing 'em, money at my cei-li-ing When I get my bread up, like I got a bread truck If I got a pot to piss in, when I lift my head up See me on top (yeah) See me on top (yeah) See me on top (yeah) See me on top (yeah) See me on top [Big K.R.I.T.] All I want is money, all I see is paper I don't owe you shit, motherfuck a favor Motherfuck a hater, praying to my maker Tomorrow ain't promised, I might just see him later I might just get my cake up and never have to rap I might just sell a million and never hit the trap House full of plaques, wall full of racks I might get me a bad bitch and never come back like how he done that? Fly above the struggle Past in my trunk, future in my duffle Emerge from the rubble, cracks in the streets If I had a chance, but 'if' is all I need When I get a million, gator-toed reptilian Lamborghini killing 'em, money at my cei-li-ing When I get my bread up, like I got a bread truck If I got a pot to piss in, when I lift my head up See me on top (see me on top) See me on top (see me on top) See me on top (see me on top) See me on top (see me on top) See me on top [Big K.R.I.T.] All I want is peace, what the fuck is pain? You can work for bullshit, I can't do the same I'm deep in the game, shit will drive you crazy Signed once or twice, now look at how they played me Bet you think they paid me, bet you think I blew it all Mad cause I'm from Mississippi, scared cause I do it all What you mean you do it all? Yeah, I really do it all Produce and mix my own shit, out-rap all of y'all Labels scared to take a fall, they ain't really signing checks Check this, for the non-believers asking why I ain't signed yet Asking why I ain't down yet, like what I'm supposed to do? I'm Big K.R.I.T. bitch, so who this fuck is you?! When I get a million, gator-toed reptilian Lamborghini killing 'em, money at my cei-li-ing When I get my bread up, like I got a bread truck If I got a pot to piss in, when I lift my head up See me on top See me on top See me on top See me on top See me on top "Jonny Shipes says, this is something you need to hear!" The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Big K.R.I.T. f/ Curren$y, Wiz Khalifa Album: K.R.I.T. Wuz Here Song: Glass House Typed by: newos_crib_is@hotmail.com [Chorus 2X: Big K.R.I.T.] Don't you want to rest that ass in this glass Don't, don't you want to rest that ass in this glass Don't, don't you want to rest that ass in this glass house If you ain't sucking or fucking, get yo' ass out [Curren$y] Uh, niggas got shows to get to and shit Yeah, no time for fucking around It's the Planes and the Taylor Gang, yeah Dash digital, situation critical Hate to make it so blatant baby, but I ain't playing Maybe you got me confused with one of them other dudes I ain't none of them, under they breath mumbling Scared to tell them hoes what it is, you put yourself in that position I chill with all that baller fishing You fucked around and you caught a shark Cold heart, tear your feelings apart I'm more focussed on getting my rims powder-coated One of the dopest, I'm Schedule 1, you just ibuprofen What is you smoking? Them bogus growings, they got you choking The option's open, you can hide with them suckers or ride low and get higher than a muh'fucker [Chorus 2X] [Wiz Khalifa] Uh, straight stunting, sucker niggas, I take from 'em They bitches that is, get up in the car with Wiz They know they gon' bake something, ain't fronting Smoke it all, the eighth onion Get it twisted cause you see me on your computer screen Thinking cause you got wireless you get as high as us Bitches leaving they lame niggas to ride with us Planes over everything, in the fly we trust Just by the smell it's obvious that my connect come from Cali I'm good long as the money piling up All the while I'm just quick lane pimping, big Jane twisting Walking how I talk it, bitch that's Pittsburgh pimping Yeah, bitch [Chorus 2X] [Big K.R.I.T.] Yo, now I was candy coated, bending corners, fifth, fifth wheeling Made a killing with the bumper grill and chandelier ceiling Plush linen, is you fucking? Is you sucking? I was wondering cause if not, don't be pushing on my buttons in my cutlass unless you cutting, bitch I'm just saying, I ain't tricking is the reason that this porno flick playing, trunk shaking Knocking pictures off the wall, southern mating call 808 mean no draws, you got friends, I fuck 'em all What you mean you ain't nasty? Why the fuck you came? Just imagine what you got to do to get up in my plane Mississippi pimp, mouth piece frigid Dolomite out of sight, show you're right, can you dig it shawty? [Chorus 2X] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Big K.R.I.T. Album: K.R.I.T. Wuz Here Song: Children of the World Typed by: Dopeskill@gmail.com Yeah, yeah, yeah Yeah, yeah Just in case you was wondering I did make the beat Yeah, cause we just (children of the world) And they wonder why we bang cause police do the same, that's the only rival gang I'm just sitting here, praying to my father Tired of today, forever scared of tomorrow Where's a scale I could borrow? Cause living ain't cheap I dropped out of school, pops, cause college ain't free Plus college ain't me, sitting in the class Questions rushing in my brain but I'm too proud to ask Take it all in stride, teacher talking physics And I just want to be fly what good is a degree when there's no jobs to apply? And fast food won't do 'cause you overqualified I'm feeling like hustling Tired of the foodstamps and budgeting Running in so much work with school buzzing in God, and I risk the only things we be trusting in All else fails, I'm in a casket like fuck it then Either get rich or die poor Nigga fell short and god damn, but he tried though I'm pretty sure my first words were "survival" Looking for the answers to my problems in the Bible Cause we just try and decode all the secrets My conversations with God always seem leave him speechless And even when I was at my worst like "we got to make this work" My girl found time to leave me, too broke to give a fuck, though My past relationships got me like "what up, ho?" I'm just bitter, I ain't asking what you fuck for As disrespectful, I admit I was just saying, if you wonder why I call you "bitch" Cause we just, guess I look up to the pimps I ain't saying it wasn't wrong, but they had the freshest fits The cars and the broads and the kicks Is something to strive for when you ain't never had shit I'm feeling like what the fuck, they want my soul Like my ancestors' ain't enough If I can't trust my own government, who can I trust? If I abuse myself daily, who can I love? Shorty might have AIDS like who can I fuck? Sure enough That be the day that the rubber bust or I have a kid The pride to all the things that my father did Cause the momma was a groupie and I was on some rapper shit They gave me Hell like I asked for it Signing everything under the sun but they ain't after K.R.I.T. I guess I didn't swag enough Stupid fruity pebble chain, Louis bag enough Popping tags, model bitches, couldn't brag enough Bubble kushy, stupid loud patch it, lag enough Steady acting like I ain't had enough Ten chains on your neck like you ain't flash enough I wreck so many times, I guess I ain't crash enough On the track like I'm pushing crack, bag it up I tell these niggas to back it up My bitch like Scar's, gave the Louis rag to her 'Sace shades on my eyes like I ain't seeing the hate Too fresh to death, I couldn't attend to wait That's too lyrical, he been round busting Mississippi? Well, he don't sound Southern He be down cause it's since '05, I swear The game's a pound of Reggie So anything I sell's a breath of air Yeah, fuck with me The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Big K.R.I.T. Album: K.R.I.T. Wuz Here Song: They Got Us All Typed by: Lcstyle@Hotmail.com [Verse 1] My nigga holla bang bang as the cops pass cause just the other day they tried to rob the stash jammed up his cuz now he called from the pen they got him praying for his bail so they won't take his kids cause his baby momma act out, she'd done backed out sold everything in the house cause she cracked out he turned to me so much pain in his eyes like he ain't know being black and po came with a price he took a toot as if it eased his mind,  his nose running heavy cause he geeking lines clientele pulled up in a beamer truck served the driver and he said to me "they got us all fucked up" when a stone don't settle I cant hurt forever how can I do better now? They got us all fucked up break my back for nothing (for nothing) lock me up for struggling only god can judge me, now they got us all fucked up [Verse 2] I need a nasty freak to shake that ass for me she said whats happenin' whats up yeah this ass ain't free I got a friend if you want her, wait I could phone her everything have price cause christmas around the corner since the recession its been hard if you strippin' cause niggas pay to get in but niggas ain't tippin' short on rent landlord trippin  tired of eating noodles that taste like chicken don't really like hoin ain't hard to tell but when all else fail pussy always sell song stop spinnin' and the time was up snatch the money off the floor and said "they got us all fucked up" [Verse 3] I had a partner called pimpin had hella women say he raw dog chicks and never ever went to clinic now he thinks something wrong and he scared to check he got a girl that he claimed never cared for sex so he slept on her, crept on her, sometimes he even pushed to dying and he stepped on her one of his cousins buddy called him in and it got him freaked say she had a checkup and she got HIv claim is all his fault screamin raised her hands cause she got two kids and what about her man he thought about his girl hopped out his truck called her phone and said as low as he could "I got us all fucked up" The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Big K.R.I.T. Album: K.R.I.T. Wuz Here Song: Good Enough Typed by: newos_crib_is@hotmail.com "Life's funny ain't it  Cause I don't think this was my parent's dream for me" [Big K.R.I.T.] Cheah, Lord I ain't your best son I ain't been to church in a while, but on that liquor I confess some I missed a couple blessings, wasn't ready I was counting money, but I swear I'll catch the next one I did some dirt to be the fresh one I lost some friends over ends, but I guess that's what I get huh Chasing dreams that I could barely see Shooting for the stars, when that's something I could never be Maybe all the flash wasn't meant for me Maybe I'm too real for this industry I sit alone in this four-corner room writing about life and how it goes too soon Pimping these broads, fast cars and jewels All in the blink of an eye I could lose It's all good, love and pain Some thangs I just can't change, I just can't change I can't keep worrying bout the things in my life I can't change Dear Lord, give me the strength to fight the evil in this game Oooh, I close my eyes and get down on my knees Pray to the Heavens, protect my family If I leave, that's good enough for me [Big K.R.I.T.] My girl think I'm no good, and she should I ain't done much to make her think different Late night checking chicks really wasn't effortless I'm erasing messages so she ain't caught me slipping I never really knew how much I loved her till she dipped and decided she ain't scared of lions, tigers and bears but she scared to be in love with me How'd I feel that I'll sleep with every broad on the road I see? Probably so 'dough, I ride solo On a mission for some mo' dough, ball hard to ease my mind Tried to call her and she picked up Said she really can't talk, it ain't over, but she need some time Now I'm in limbo, it ain't simple, yeah I feel her Say she got a friend and word is she really dig him I'm dealing with the pain, I lost her and I know it I'm praying for the strength not to show it, seems hopeless [Big K.R.I.T.] I was just waiting on this moment in my grandmama' kitchen An artist from Mississippi, like who would care to listen? I'm southernized, countryfied, no doubt I hustle hard, my slang raw, so what now? Get it in by any means I said Having dreams of the cream, for such things I've bled Sweat and tears, potent 'dro and beers Liquor helps me think, but I'll pay the toll in years Women galore and, some were whores They never fill the void, all I wanted was more The company up under me was shady Childhood friends turned enemies, they hating A lot of folk done made it to hell, I know they waiting for me to fall off and burn if I'm forsaken We workers of inequity, Lord we knew better It's hard to be broke and do better, father forgive me [Big K.R.I.T.] That's good enough for me {*4X*} [Outro: sample from the film "The Kid Stays in the Picture"] "Nothing clicked, it all felt tired  There was nothing, nothing fresh about it  And we were looking for the unexpected  Something that sounded new and what we were gonna be about" The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Big K.R.I.T. f/ Curren$y, Smoke DZA Album: K.R.I.T. Wuz Here Song: No Wheaties Typed by: newos_crib_is@hotmail.com [Big K.R.I.T.] Yeah, the epitome of greatness, face it, no one plays it close Sweetness on the beat, that Walter Payton flow On track to be the best, what you pacing fo'? Call plays, step back, pump fake and throw Who dat? Drew Breezing on the field? The document is monumental, shit, reel to reel No huddle game planning, my form outstanding Most haters commentators, call them Pat Buchanans Doors still slamming on the Cadillac Swanging lane to lane, gripping grain like a battle axe Camera man capture the future like it's here for me while these cheerleaders cheer for me [Chorus: Big K.R.I.T.] We too hard to be crushed, too gone to be stuck Too fly to be touched, too much to be us So we, just let 'em do they thing cause we something like the A-Team And I ain't talking bout they team I'm talking Super Bowl great team Undefeated all season Champion shit, no Wheaties Greetings [Smoke DZA] Great as '72 Dolphins 2010 Saints, we doing what they ain't Say it ain't so, double back, what you came fo'? Tryna mingle? Matter of fact, where's your bankrolls? Make them niggas pay like T.O. Mike Irving with the lines, fuck niggas get on your grind Niggas know I get it in, Vince Lombardi Award recipient, nigga DZA Track flipper, that nigga like L.T. Run through competition, smell me? Coming at you 3D, better eat your Wheaties Brett Favre, I go hard, it's too easy [Curren$y] Uh, yeah, John Taylor, just as nice as Jerry Rice Still dump Gatorade on the coach and rock this ring For the 'un' let's sing, you done your thing I seen it all from the bleachers, schooling 'em Giving lesson plans to the teachers, all from behind the scenes Pulling strings, out for one thing Al Davis' "Just Win, Babies" Lost Ark Raiders, at the airport early, rocking the latest from one of my two clothing lines, that's product placement Ice cubes in my pocket Two minute drive Elway style, I got this The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Big K.R.I.T. Album: K.R.I.T. Wuz Here Song: Something Typed by: Lcstyle@Hotmail.com "Something", Yeah Young Krizzle third coast representer right now the rap game "got a hold on me" but it's cool cause it's my movement, you dig and if you don't believe in "something" then you'll fall for anything and that's the type of shit that, "is bothering me" cause this industry'll get you fucked up you dig so stay cool now "whatever it is" you want to do with your life nigga do it make sure you can't leave it alone cause I can't "I cant leave it alone no" 300 representa pimpin I always knew that it was "something" in my heart that got me trippin today like yesterday it ain't no different  the struggle "got a hold on me" and I can't breathe nowadays, I wanna leave nowadays but lord I'm knowing that it's "something" in this music and in my soul the thought I might not blow this shit just keeps on "bothering me" and I don't know how long I can keep on like this I need a sign so "whatever it is" I'm meant to do I need to find it cause the game is addictive and I ain't gettin out it cause I "cant leave it alone no"  I tried and I tried but it keep calling me back yeah they keep calling me back because it's "something" in my music that makes'em feel me the sweetest melody sometimes can heal me cuz "got a hold on me" like my grandmas hands when I was younger warmer than summer then I knew  it was "something" that was bigger than the money and the fame the fact that so many could change "keeps bothering me" yeah, but who am I to judge It's been a while since I did it for the lord but "whatever it is" I gotta pay for sometimes happiness the only thing I pray for "I cant leave it alone no"  the will to ask questions like how could George Bush recieve blessings  but I'm knowing that it's "something" or some things that I cannot explain  forget forgive the change and the pain "got a hold on me" I got a gun to keep me safe, sometimes I drink and smoke to get away because its "something", that I know aint right pops forgive me but this cant be life and its "bothering me"  because I wanna do better but this rain seem to pour forever so "whatever it is" I fiend for it, think of it speak on it wish for it dream of it and lord "I cant leave it alone no" no, I can't leave it alone and she said it was "something" that drawed you to me and it's meant to be and you the only one that ever ever ever "got a hold on me" yeah, but you aint been the same, there was something that made you change so tell me it was "something" or someone that made you feel good or way better than I ever could truth is "its bothering me" but I'm cool with it  just know if it's over today that you did it "whatever it is" don't let it take you to your grave protect yourself from AIDS I know you want me to but "I can't leave it alone no"  I knew I couldn't turn this house of lies into a home and that said  it's "something" that I've done to make you leave baby girl why you tripping can't you see  that you always "got a hold on me" and I don't know what I can say to make you stay but I know I gotta say "something"  but now and then I get tired of you packing your bags and all this drama it's "bothering me" and I don't need it on my mind lately you've been like this all the time  so "whatever it is" you feeling guilty bout go and spit it out why you accusing me you must be cheating cause you can't "leave it alone no" why you crying?  see you can't deny it, I always had this feeling it was "something" that god gave me as a gift, the power to make words fit. I look at the sky, and dream of soaring just as high but as time goes by it always "something"  that'll knock me off my track, got to get back cause time is short, hey, you feel it and I don't know how long I can keep on like this I need a sign so "whatever it is" I gotta pay for it sometimes happiness the only thing I pray for "I can't leave it alone no"  the will to do better as a man  I can't struggle forever because its "something" It's always something man, "got a hold on me" that's got a hold on me, ha real shit for real niggas real shit for real people, you know it keeps bothering me that people dont want to hear no real shit no more but whatever it is "whatever it is" I gotta spit to get it to them to get to they mind  I can't stop cause "I can't leave it alone no" I gotta spit this message cause I'm about something, ha... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Big K.R.I.T. f/ Devin the Dude Album: K.R.I.T. Wuz Here Song: Moon & Stars Typed by: newos_crib_is@hotmail.com [Chorus: Big K.R.I.T.] So I ride, I lean, I crawl Do it better than them all Let the road be my guide as I glide in candy cars underneath the moon and the stars [Big K.R.I.T.] Yeah, yo, my digital dash, as I mash on the gas Don't know where I'm going fast, but I'm going there Stop at the club, forever sure there's some hoes in there shaking they ass, looking for players with dough to share, but that ain't me though Before I trick on a bust-it baby, I'm outta the do' If you are looking for saving shawty, I'm not your hero More like a guide I can take you where you want, would you look in my eye? Like you supposed to, cold enough to froze ya Talking bout that pimping you already been exposed to Far from being sober, let's travel into space while puffing on this Yoda, glowing like a lightsaber Doing what the grownups do Be grateful that this game was bestowed upon to you cause backstabbing betrayers divide, don't listen to cause they front, but they don't, do what I do cause they will never ever be pimps [Devin the Dude] Under the moon and stars I cruise in my car with you in my arms I'm feeling good with my brews and cigars As the sun dips down, we skip town A nice rendezvous, I'm quite fond of you and you're feeling me too, I mean literally You're rubbing the nuts, you tickle the D Let me drop the top while we puff on trees Let the breeze blow through your weave as you bob your head to the beat Come on girl, take them heals off your feet Vibe this sweet right quick {*coughs*} You take a hit and relax I know you had a long day, I'ma turn up the music and you can put the phone away and we can... just chill Come over here and grip this wood wheel [Big K.R.I.T.] Ay, now usually I don't boast or brag, but today different I was Krush Grooving on these pros and they was with it Get it, get it, get it, girl if I hit it I'ma stretch that pussy out till you can drive a truck up in it I'm kidding, maybe not, I'm on it like fo's and Vogues Players with alligators and capes like matadors Strutting like kings up on the scene, you scatter rose petals up under a work of art like Salvador Dali, my swag melodic like a sandy beach, couple freaks in a cottage Feeding fruits and grapes, work all along my body Work hard to swipe her card, the type of broad to take me shopping because my ego big enough to get about it, plug her socket Fix her drape and paint her walls Redecorate it, what a dime excavated Dig deeper and deeper in all the right places The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Big K.R.I.T. Album: K.R.I.T. Wuz Here Song: Neva Go back Typed by: Lcstyle@Hotmail.com I wish I was a kid again running with my friends and them, up and down the street Waiting on the better ring, riding on the school bus, drawing on the seats On the phone all night with a girl I like cause she claims she's a freak It's straight I could neva go back I would neva go back, but it would be cool to see Rise and shine, get up off my ass and mash for cash No time to procrastinate Yeah, I'd rather drink a 40 but that have to wait I ride a bucket kinda of rusty but I blast the bass On the road again for the pro's within The block used to be sunny but they snowed it in Now the junky straight changed for the dollar menu That's what he said, but the rock is what he really into Gave him a dollar anyway, cause who knows Maybe the dope boy's baby needs some new clothe Could we all going and through it, no matter how you view it Slice it, cut it, bring it back or screw it Hot as ever been but I'm cooling ah A/C never work so my windows, down Not worry, kids scurry Saturday's, reminiscing good Lord how I use to run and play Sometimes Grandma annie on the go, cooking in the kitchen something good for my soul G.I. Joe's all on her living room floor It seems like yesterday, but she passed so long ago, good heavens I wanna go to church but ain't no good reverends She probably frowning on me now because I know better But I push on, searching for some cush'on To pay the the bills and responsibilities that I diss on Not a pot to piss in a tree to piss on, the devil come around too much I'm hollering get gone But it's hard to get off when you can't get on I put my life on this wax… nobody "lists-ons" So I cruise, me and just my blues Looking at the world through my broken rear view Not worried, cause I pray for better days, reminiscing good Lord how I used to run and play Sometimes Miss lady outside in her garden, My brother his son and his daughter the rap game before I was spittin back when Pac and Biggie were living The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Big K.R.I.T. Album: K.R.I.T. Wuz Here Song: Gumpshun Typed by: newos_crib_is@hotmail.com They know just who we are Roll in fo' deep cars Polo down, country bound Tight like Mason jars My grandma used to say Boy you got, boy you got, boy you got gumption Boy you got, boy you got, boy you got gumption Boy you got, boy you got, boy you got gumption Boy you got, boy you got, boy you got gumption [Big K.R.I.T.] First off, I'm the country of the countriest Mississippi bitch, what you know about this country shit? Hold on, prolong, I'm knowing what you thanking Naw, it ain't the chitterlings that got this shit here stanking Jumping, bumping through the speakers, sub booming Shawty, I've been stroking is what I've been doing Everybody got something to say about how we get down when we get round, cause it's thirty-eights on the Crown Vic So I use a ladder to get down with Ay, thick and for the picking's what I'm fine with Her face ahh! Ass astounding She micro-braided, I pull it and pound it That malt liquor keep a nigga grounded on the porch with my kinfolk lounging up underneath the stars They talk about my state, but they know just who we are [Big K.R.I.T.] Psychedelic, excelling on Daytons and Vogues Dianetics majestic, I'm killing these hoes Sprinkle game of the greenest, the meanest of flows Planting seeds in your mentals and leave it to grow Eager to know, how to get money and bring it to daddy Evenly so, buy me some gators and pull up the Caddy Open my do', jump from my car, round and clean up my palace Throw on my robe, run my bath water and fill up my chalice Sit on my balance beam until her belly cream If that pussy needs ramming, I'm battering Player way, tailor made, always in a gator state '92 Bulls on a fool, that's how players play For the win like M.J. straight away Shook 'em off, no time left, fuck it, fade away Buzzer, it's all over with Champagne with lobster and shrimp, pimp [Big K.R.I.T.] Ay, ay player play on, I roller-skate on I was taught to give 'em something just to hate on Like a Ford engine light, I just stay on or, to find a yellow belly I can take home or, lay on cause it ain't nothing but a skill to You either get her done barbecue or meal dude Let the super-fly inside you steer you because being lame's a disease, it can kill you So let me put you on these hoes Chevy that be heavy and the wall that be Vogue Peanut butter guts with the grape jelly glow Chromed-out bumper with the Cobain do's That's suicide shit if ain't know that Need a lil' pimping? Baby girl, let me pour that Sow that up with some dough on it I was born with the gift of gab, so motherfucker throw a bow on it The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Big K.R.I.T. Album: K.R.I.T. Wuz Here Song: 2000 & Beyond Typed by: newos_crib_is@hotmail.com [Intro: sample from the film "Dead Presidents"] "Right now we'd like to bring on a young man who believes in doing things his own way  And based on the way he kinda get next to all of the folks who've seen him work  his way has gotta be pretty hip, so let's lay some noise" "They send our people to fight for this so-called democracy  But when they get back down to the South et cetera, et cetera  shit is worse than ever  There is something very sick about that  Power to the people!" [Big K.R.I.T.] 2000 and beyond 2000 and beyond 2000 and beyond Tricks and hoes, bitches and stripper poles Shake it for dollar signs, let me see from behind The ghetto's a fairy tale, pimps and jezebels Dealers with chrome rims with product for you to sell Chemistry in the kitchen, alleys with rubbers in it Tires go round and round, windows heavy tinted Kush is scented inside Pull me over, now they talking bout a canine ("Code 6") Black man face down, damn Charge it to the game Bums warm they weary souls over open flames Junkie can't find God, watch him find his vein Preacher walk right by like he ain't seen a thang Pass the collection plate Niggas thought shit was gon' change on election day Healthcare, H1N1 nasal spray Got me scared to hit the block Wear my flag as a mask, tote a Glock In 2000 and beyond In 2000 and beyond In 2000 and beyond [Interlude: sample from the film "Dead Presidents"] "To tell you the truth, I'm not sure I even want any of this dirty money" "Well, I'll tell you what Reverend  We'll find something to do with your share" "No, no-no-no-no, I'll take the money  I'm sure the Lord will find another way for me to do my penance" [Big K.R.I.T.] Poor folk scrape dollars, spend the last of they income tax on Impalas with the SS Church give awards, who the best dressed? Pastor drive a Bentley, got me thinking I was less blessed cause I let a middle man He was capping what I'm asking, I don't understand How you fit that many rings on a helping hand? Tired of deception But I pay his kid's tuition cause I'm tryna get to Heaven Ain't it crazy? Scared to have a baby How can I protect it from the same streets that made me? Concrete gladiator, bloodshed overflow Real life, some places Russell Crowe would never go Pimp tight flossing, look at what it cost me Peace of mind, no sleep, late night tossing and turning Waiting on the end, pray to God, forgive me for my sins In 2000 and beyond In 2000 and beyond In 2000 and beyond [Interlude: sample from the film "Dead Presidents"] "You know how I survive?  Cause I don't think about the world, that shit don't exist to me  I don't give a fuck about anything or anyone in it  because the minute I do, I'm a dead man out here  and you remember that shit" [Big K.R.I.T.] As a child I was cold with a chip on my shoulders Grandma told me be careful cause there's sharks in the water They will kill you, let the Good Lord steer you Don't worry bout the government, cause baby they don't feel you Martin Luther King had a dream, we was right there I wonder what he saw when he up and had nightmares Quite scared, all the work he had done couldn't stop what we've become In 2000 and beyond In 2000 and beyond [Outro: sample from the film "Dead Presidents"] "Ain't nothing I say gon' get me out of this  But things were getting bad for me, and  I had to do what I had to do to s-, to survive" The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Big K.R.I.T. Album: K.R.I.T. Wuz Here Song: I Gotta Stay Typed by: newos_crib_is@hotmail.com I told her, you should go on, it's better that way I wish I could come with you, but I gotta stay But I gotta stay But I gotta stay [Big K.R.I.T.] All aboard, I heard 'em call your name I knew you got your ticket, now you on your way And it was hard to watch you wave goodbye I'll write you here and there with no need to reply It's just I lost a good friend in a time of need Like forever would be better, but this time you're free Hate you left us, kind of selfish just to think that way You going home, don't worry, what you probably would say But yeah it hurts, but I smile at the thought you at peace in your mind, no longer ache in your heart Finish your story, rise with the sun Finally to hear your father say, servant we're done I strive to be half of what you was I'm just hoping that I can carry on your love And I regret all the times I had to leave you I promise I'ma see you when I see you [Big K.R.I.T.] Yo, your motherly hands used to usher Sunday mornings Played the tambourine so well Reminiscing on my granddaddy Shed tears as you looked at his pictures on the shelf Phone ringing every day, friends gone away Wishing you could go, but you had to stay I sit and cry with you, soon the feelings up and pass Aware one day that you'd pack your bags Turned to me and asked, don't fret when I leave This earthly body of mine done did all of its deeds Crawled till it walked and held all it could breathe Carry on what I taught, you was given through He to you, from me, in times like this believe I got a call like you used to get just the other day They told me you'd gone home to stay [Big K.R.I.T. - singing] Now I know what you meant when you used to sing If I had wings, wings, wings I'd fly away, I'd fly away Lord, if I had wings, wings, wings I'd fly away, I'd fly away The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Big K.R.I.T. Album: K.R.I.T. Wuz Here Song: As Small as a Giant Typed by: newos_crib_is@hotmail.com [Intro: Big K.R.I.T.] See, I was made in my father's image and they belittle my deeds Their lustful convictions pledge allegiance to the almighty power and greed See, seeds born withered, parents still children, adolescent in their ways Some preachers false prophets, educated pigeon droppers using our sins to get paid Slaves, give them freedom, but give them dope Take away their leaders cause that gives them hope Sell them dreams of changing things like they were never kings and queens befo' As small as a giant As small as a giant, I'm still riding Hand on my sword, Good Lord I need time Watch for the sun-eaters blocking our shine Enlighten my kind, reason for rhyme I'ma find Zion, free my soul Repent for all the things I done till my eyes close When the boat man come I'm paying my toll Outside the gates of Heaven, pray to God I'm chose As small as a giant [Big K.R.I.T.] The beginning's kinda dark, not too soft, fairly hard Drenched with love from my mother, connected to her struggle till she cut me loose, now what shall I do? It was all so easy, look at how they treat me ever since she pushed me through Now put me back in, stop these contractions Water breaking, aw damn, I know it's bout to happen Failed events, no picket fence, a dream deterred Bending liquor, chilling with my niggas, swishers and herb Eviction notices, hopelessness thrown on my shoulders God won't give you more than you can handle, carry these boulders Give it all I got until I get older Couple of medals on my sleeve cause life made me a soldier Reminisce on how it was way back when when some thangs were better off way back then As small as a giant, a promise so divided Probably ain't surprised in so long since we sung songs over large campfires Cosbi was cool, but television is a lie Some reason I relate to Survivor Fresh Prince with no Uncle Phil The Carltons that I knew never stayed where we lived, couldn't play with those kids While they was reading books, we was playing cops and crooks While they was writing essays, I was writing hooks momma I'll be that nigga on TV cause people like Bow Wow and Soulja Boy make it look easy No pun intended, hoping they get offended I'm throwing up if these niggas spitting Didn't write it, but recite it like puppets on strings Belittled as a peasant, but my bloodline is of kings Knight in shining armor for this rap shit, I slash quick towards a man's beard, leaving gashes on these industry bastards They can't see what is real, don't know how I feel They weren't raised where I live, in Mississippi [Big K.R.I.T.] Rise and shine, no time for sleep, thinking bout eating Leaving this place, long gone I get no service on this earth, I need to phone home Did too much dirt to talk to God, nowadays I get the dial tone Try again tomorrow, my heart filled with sorrow My family broke too, so why bother trying to borrow? No car, no house, drug dealing, feeling like it might be my only option to get meals, what else could I do? Put yourself in my shoes If you had no whip, you'd take some shortcuts too There ain't no time to be wasted, the world is going under Nowadays can't tell fall from spring and winter from summer I wonder if this was meant to be Maybe all the bullshit was meant for me, it takes a lot of energy Break these chains, erase these thangs society put up on our brain How could I explain it? We ain't free yet Obama cool, but he ain't sending me no free checks They killing all my niggas, Lord forbid I'll be next Not now, got too many sorrows to say and kisses to give They don't feel how I feel, they weren't raised where I live, in Mississippi The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Big K.R.I.T. Album: K.R.I.T. Wuz Here Song: Voices Typed by: newos_crib_is@hotmail.com [Big K.R.I.T.] Yeah! I got these voices in my ear Ay! Yeah, got these voices in my ear Ha-hah! Yeah, I got these voices in my ear Yeah, breathe Wake up to the sound of a million horns Jesus piece, ruby red, diamonds in the thorns Say a prayer for the jammed and the ones that's gone I might have missed my nigga wake, but still I mourn Did it big in the club with my cash out Been dealing with a lot, so I drunk until I passed out Went abroad, I met a broad with her ass out Her concern was to earn like, nigga what your cash bout? (money!) In the VIP on my tip with a glass out We live a paparazzi life, what's your flash bout? In a mattress in the ceiling, what's your stash bout? In case I had doubts I got these voices in my ear They tell me get up, get up, get up I got these voices in my ear They tell me wake up, wake up, wake up I got these voices in my ear They tell me keep running, keep running, keep running I got these voices in my ear They tell me get money, get money, get money, get money Breathe [Big K.R.I.T.] What if a dream was all you had? And life ain't fab, you can't throw it in the bag Niggas ain't real, hoes ain't shit My hand-me-downs was too big, they buying clothes that don't fit I'm like, it was more the fame than the credit Feeling like my whole life I've been trying to be the freshest Respected, in a world full of kings You pathetic, if you can't buy the finer things Before you exit, the very moment that you got it I swear my biggest fear is that I'll die nobody Forgotten, when I was really at my best Seems like nothing left [Big K.R.I.T.] Lately I've been feeling like fuck it Heaven's in my face, but Lord knows I can't touch it Plus I heard the angel wings was kinda heavy Scared to put 'em on my back so I threw 'em on a Chevy Death knocking on my door, I can get it Looking through the peephole in case I ain't ready Fuck this rap shit, yeah I said it On the road to the riches, ain't no telling where I'm headed Now I dread it, the world ain't what it seems Enduring all the shit to be a king Praying for tomorrow, some more time to borrow Scared, aware, they whisper, never fear [Outro: sample from the film "The Kid Stays in the Picture"] "My life today? Hmm, more volatile than ever  This last year alone I've been shot down, bloodied, trampled, accused, threatened  disgraced, betrayed, scandalized, maligned  Tough? You bet your ass it is  But I ain't complaining, nothing comes easy" "The last question: Is it truly worth it?" "Sure, know why? I love what I do, and very few people do  And when you think of most of your work that you do in life  most of people's lives are spent in their endeavors  and very few people really enjoy what they do  and I love what I do, so yeah, it's worth it  Damn right, it's worth it" The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Big K.R.I.T. Album: K.R.I.T. Wuz Here (Deluxe Reissue) * Song: I Heard It All Typed by: newos_crib_is@hotmail.com * appears on the 2012 reissue through Nature Sounds I done heard it all before Yeah you jamming, but your image needs some guidance and some diamonds, cause it's more to this than rhyming Yeah, I done heard it all before We'll be traveling and flying state to state Fucking hoes, rocking shows if you sign Aye, I done heard it all before Aye, in this game what you claim ain't a thang Mississippi ain't for fame, change your name Yeah, I done heard it all before But your talent is by far a blessing and a gift from God But we can turn you into a star Aye, I done heard it all before [Big K.R.I.T.] Never losing it, pursuing it, my vision In my kitchen writing rhymes, pray to God that they listen But it's a real fucked up position that this rap shit might just put you in My partner fed up with the game, like he might sell that kush again Cause CDs, we been pushing them, but deals ain't coming fast enough when he need to go feed his kids and this shit here ain't adding up Passing us by, time never waste, busy home Sit beside my grandma, wish that I can stay, the phone ringing Promises so confident of money plays I head back to the struggle like, they might sign me any day Forever trapped, no coming back, addiction's truly hard to break A thousand pills could never fill the gap of leaving off the stage [Big K.R.I.T.] I pride myself on being righteous, do it big or do it bigger But A&Rs ain't in the streets, I'm forced to follow them on Twitter I'm painting pictures, ghetto compositions, living work of art But dancing in a circle dressed as Urkel how you make your mark Aye, get your start, play your part, find your swag, get your deal So you snapping? Who needs rapping when you got some ad-libs? And some days there's no choice, most days it's hard times If skinny jeans mean big dreams, no thanks, I'm just fine In my mind it's bout rhyme, I'm just tryna speak freely My shawty feel Illuminati's real and they might kill me for voicing my opinion, scared to die, but this ain't living In these meetings they can't tell me what I'm missing The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Big K.R.I.T. Album: Return of 4Eva Song: R4 Intro Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com [Big K.R.I.T.] Hey hey now...  'ey man, as always, good to see you..  Good to see you, my brother  Good to see alla y'all..  Yeah, I called this meeting today to um, discuss a matter at hand There's a movement we got goin on I know a lot of y'all may have heard of it, called the R4 or "Return of 4Eva" and uhhhh..  Y'know, it's-it's-it's not easy to talk about, if you can dig it, but...  If you just check, you might catch my drift It's when the lights get dim and the people get quiet Whylin, waitin on change (Y'all ready to see Big K.R.I.T.??) People standin in line for hours at a time {*crowd cheers*} just to see you hit the stage You got a feelin that you never really felt befo', deep down in ya gut  That's when the DJ hit the replay in the track, just to make 'em turn it up  (Comin to you live from the muddy waters of Mississippi..) Now the crowd starts chantin err'body frantic, ya know that you runnin behind The promotor sold way too many tickets for the venue (Give it up!)  He might just shut it down (for Big, K.R.I.T.~!) So they so they rush backstage like you gotta go on  and you gotta go right now And you pass yo' drank to the broad with the dank  like, "Baby girl, hold that down" Then they hand you a mic that's all you need  Peek out the curtain and all you see Wave of people, screamin, eager  to tell them a story that'll set them free Let them be, a new generation of rebels... and that there my friend, is how you begin, the Return of 4Eva {*music stops and alarm clock buzzes*} {*man runs up stairs and pounds on the door aggresively*} "Aiyyo, K.R.I.T.! Ay cuh!  Man cut that FUCKIN alarm off, dawg!  It's too FUCKIN early in the morning for that shit!  Yo get up! {*alarm stops*} Goddamn!" The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Big K.R.I.T. Album: Return of 4Eva Song: Rise and Shine Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com [Intro: Big K.R.I.T.] Rise and shine.. Uh, you gotta git up, git out, and git somethin... [Big K.R.I.T] Uh, early morning, kinda sleepy, still yawnin Log on in, dial tonin, forever phonin  for a blessing, will you help me - get my ass up out the bed and go? God love me 'cause He said it so Don't look away cause I beg for mo', than I ever ever had Prayin for the future but I'm dealin with the past Momma say I worry 'cause I'm too much like my dad Somethangs are forever, nothin ever last like the rising of the sun knowin big mama passed Time travel fast, search and you shall find Awake from yo' slumber, open up yo blinds {Rise and shine~!} ("The latest I can be was on time") You gotta git up, git out, and git somethin Why rest when all the world runnin? {Rise and shine~!} ("If life is a dream, why sleep at all?") Nothing ever come to those that just wait Don't ever lose sight of yo' goal, just keep straight [Big K.R.I.T.]  The early bird gets the worm, you live and you learn (I've been waitin on my chance) Well, you gotta wait yo' turn To whom it may concern, ain't much time left Gotta fight to the death of my family MJ baseline, they can't handle me Slam dunk, hang time like a canopy (yea) Tired of sittin on the couch (Watchin celebs pout about the troubles of a million dollar house) So tell em I'm out, on my grizzly Put'cha lighters in the air if you feel me I ain't lyin, it's the time to wake up, wipe ya eyes Rise and shine... Uh, yo, yo Free yo' mind... (Free yo' mind) Yo, yo, yo, yo, yo The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Big K.R.I.T. Album: Return of 4Eva Song: R4 Theme Song Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com [Intro/Chorus: Big K.R.I.T.] Refrain from bein lame, say it like you mean it  Get up off yo' feet like it's the first time you've seen it Music is my, bitch, let nothin come between us  Cain't no one do it better, hoe  It's the Return of 4Eva, 4Eva-eva, 4Eva-eva  It's the Return of 4Eva, 4Eva-eva, 4Eva-eva  It's the Return of 4Eva, 4Eva-eva, 4Eva-eva  It's the Return of 4Eva, 4Eva-eva, 4Eva-eva  [Big K.R.I.T.] They holl'n,"BOUT - TIIIIME," that's what they told me You want this money, don't be scared, hoe show me  Old - school, I'm pushin hella flats  I'm workin wheels, crackin seals, breakin pro's backs Never - change, I cain't be Hollywood I'm way to country, plus I'm bumpin in my neighborhood  Fifth - wheel, +Comin' Out Hard+  'cause all I wanted was some rims on the candy car  Third - coast, now what'cha know about it?  I keep it trill, never slippin, you should never doubt it  PEEIMP - TIGHT~! Picture perfect frame Never trickin on these dames, refrain from bein lame [Big K.R.I.T.] They holl'n, "HOL' - UP," but I cain't slow it down  Too much to prove, if it ain't money I cain't come around  Mul--ti, that's what I'm known fo'  I'm never comfy, came from nothin bitch I want mo' Don't - play, you know the sco' f'real  I kept it country, and I'll be country even wit a deal  Still - fly, cain't keep a player down  Mainstream is cool, but in my heart, forever underground  Thank - God, make due with what I have  I grew up po', fuck what you heard, I ain't goin back  R-4, I'm lettin my nuts hang  Never trickin on these dames, refrain from bein lame ("Now remember, now you've got to go out there   and you gotta work like NOBODY'S ever worked before... can you dig it?") The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Big K.R.I.T. Album: Return of 4Eva Song: Dreamin' Typed by: newos_crib_is@hotmail.com [Big K.R.I.T.] Old school flow Yo, yo, yo, yo, yo They used to say They used to say This rap shit [Chorus: 2X] They used to say "he's dreamin'" They used to say "he's dreamin'" This rap shit "is not for real" This rap shit "is not for real" [Big K.R.I.T.] Yeah, I remember it so clearly Rapping to my pop about the cars and the clothes, shrimp and the lobster that I heard about, like word of mouth That UGK tape and Scarface will turn ya out I was like thirteen, thirsting for a good beat Scoping for a studio, talking bout I spit heat like 'Ball and 'G, on that pimp tight shit Three 6 had me crunk on that late night tip, they said [Chorus: 2X] [Big K.R.I.T.] Yo, yo, yo, I played ball for a minute, did I mention? Wasn't in it Writing rhymes on my glove so I will never forget 'em Had to quit it, didn't feel it back in high school Rather write poems, known for flowing, that's what I do Couldn't be Little Zach forever, peace to my big brother Follow ya dreams baby, that's word to my grandmother Well I hit the streets, tapping out beats, kicking my flow I overhear the same shit they always said befo', that he's [Chorus: 2X] [Big K.R.I.T.] I told 'em call me K.R.I.T., they told me change my name Don't be alarmed if you don't make it, that's just part of the game Besides, I ain't rap about dope, nor did I sell it I guess the story of a country boy just ain't compelling A&Rs searching for a hit, I just need a meal Couldn't afford to pay the rent, but passed up on a deal cause, it wasn't right, sometimes you gotta wade the storm In a class of my own, but I was scared to raise my arm like, this my dream, this my life, I'll sacrifice it all except my soul, in the firm belief there is a God watching out, when all the others used to doubt felt my pain and pointed down and said, son your time is now I think my grandma pulled some strings on the low but that's between her and the Lord, I'll never know For those that caught me in the Spin and Complex magazine XXL, the Vibe and whatever in-between It's safe to say that dreams come true I guess Don't let nobody tell ya, try for yourself Just know that I was once considered just a dreamer but I paid my dues and turned so many doubters to believers They used to say They used to say They used to say They used to say "He's dreamin'  He's dreamin'  Is not for real  Is not for real" [Outro] "I don't care if it is a dream  I've got to believe in something, my love  What can I do? What have I got to lose?  You know sometimes dreams do come true  Might as well be a dream, dream, dream, dream" The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Big K.R.I.T. Album: Return of 4Eva Song: Rotation Typed by: newos_crib_is@hotmail.com Old school when I ride, forever sky high Working wood wheel when the sun outside I'm just rotating my tires, rotating my tires Rotating my tires, rotating my tires Not a care in the world, me and my girl Candy-coated pearl with the bowling ball swirl I'm just rotating my tires, rotating my tires Rotating my tires, rotating my tires [Big K.R.I.T.] Now this could be one of those days, I chop on my blades Leave my worries behind, just pretend that I'm paid Do it big, do it large on the boulevard Get a sense of success pushing candy cars I did some thangs for that Chevy mayne, restored the frame Blew the brains out on everythang, I ain't ashamed Scooped my dame cause she down to roll, since way befo' Don't touch my screens or my radio (say what?), she know the sco' Old school [Big K.R.I.T.] Now this could be one of those days, parlay and I ball Turning necks till they break, outside of the mall Going in, going hard like a superstar Break the bank, full tank take me super far I swang and bang, sitting heavy mayne, hogging lanes Candy paint never leave a stain, let it rain Hydroplane, but I'm riding slow, eyes closed Etta James keep me on my toes (say what?), can't let her go Old school [Big K.R.I.T. - singing] Wheels on the slab go round and round Round and round, round and round The wheels on the slab go round and round Round and round, round and round Screens in the slab fall down and down Down and down, down and down The screens in the slab fall down and down Down and down, down and down The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Big K.R.I.T. Album: Return of 4Eva Song: My Sub Typed by: newos_crib_is@hotmail.com My sub, my sub, my sub I put that on my sub, my sub, my sub I put that on my sub, my sub, my sub I put that on my sub, my sub, my sub Yeah, let my trunk knock till the tape pop My rims chop chop, while the bass drop I let my trunk knock till the tape pop My rims chop chop, while the bass drop [Big K.R.I.T.] Ok, I pull up and my partners ask me, Krizzle where your sub at? Hey fuck them tweeters, they ain't beating, get yo' sub back So I push my pedal to the metal to my cuz' house He owe me money, fuck that bread, just set your sub out I fly like jets, that candy wet, I'm finna fuck with hoes EQ these settings in my Chevy till my trunk explode Maybe I'm bumping, maybe I'm tripping, maybe I'm feeling good Either way I'm quaking, shaking, waking up the folk in my neighborhood Still hit the scene and whip, pour it up in my cup and sip Never be where them white folk at cause them laws over there, they bound to trip Lift it up in my thump-and-bump, saw a lame and I hit the trunk Popped that shit like twice for real, niggas gon' feel my wheels of steel Chopping these Vogues too, congrats when I roll through Back to the backwoods where I ride clean like I'm supposed to Forever whipping on, leather guts with plenty chrome Knocking pictures down till I get home, I put that on my sub [Big K.R.I.T.] Yo, now usually I don't disturb the peace But I'ma wake you if you sleep, with that quake, that bass, that beat Two miles per hour on creep, smoke make it hard to see when I'm swanging down, I mean banging down, I don't be playing around with these freaks I got a shake junt in my trunk, tell my DJ bring it back Turn it up all the way to the max till that old school Chevy frame crack My partner hit me up like he need a ride, but I can't hear him either Say he got some bags and that's kinda sad cause only room in here for my speakers, and my beeper But I'm riding out, pretend I don't know what he talking bout Besides, he always hating when I'm bassing, telling me to turn it down Out of line, that's out of bounds, bothering me when I'm riding round So hell, I just wanna hit a low, shit, I just wanna shake the ground Lay it down in the parking lot, turn it up outside the club Can't tell if shawty really digging me, love to shake but she love the sub You can say shit that get her wet and that be the best and I can dig it though She vibrate, gyrate, I swear that's the reason I did it fo', when I can put that on my sub [Big K.R.I.T.] I put that on my sub The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Big K.R.I.T. f/ David Banner Album: Return of 4Eva Song: Sookie Now Typed by: newos_crib_is@hotmail.com [Chorus: Big K.R.I.T.] Aww sookie, sookie now Aww sookie, sookie now Aww sookie, sookie now, sookie now Aww sookie, sookie now, sookie now Aww sookie, sookie now, sookie now Aww sookie, sookie now, sookie now Aww sookie, sookie now [Big K.R.I.T.] M-I-crooked now I never left the crock pot, bitch I'm cooking now Old school Ferris wheel rims got me looking down Country boy making noise, world looking now Might just throw some Ds on it, I got moves to make On time with these thoroughbreds, my money never late Don't be bothered with these lames, you should elevate I got bottles for the popping, maybe we should celebrate Money over everything, what you know about it? Bed full of bad bitches, I can't roll up out it Player you should never doubt it, talking live from the underground It's forever going down [Chorus: Big K.R.I.T.] [Big K.R.I.T.] This that diamond in the back flow Bitch, I got enough, I wish you had mo' Hoe, they used to chunk the deuce and pass go Now, I'm the one them niggas ask fo' (crooked) I'm talking dirty, dirty South Pimps with the curls and the golds in they mouth Old school cars, doors on slam Big country girls with the ass like damn (like damn~!) I'm on it now, I've been a King Million Man March in my trunk, you hear the dream (you hear it shawty?) Cornbread pimping, throwing collard greens Popping my collar feeling clean [David Banner] Twist yo' fingers, make an M and throw your hands up Twist yo' fingers, make an M and throw your hands up If you from the South and you proud, nigga go on say it loud If you a working class nigga, or got slugs in yo' mouth From the land of the Ku Klux, with no mask Where my folks think they never had the rebel flag still flying, bitch you lying, if you say we ain't hanging from a tree, Frederick Carter, Greenwood, Mississippi Emmett Till till now, I'ma talk about hoes Where Medgar Evers got killed in front his family, body froze Raynard Johnson, Andre Jones, and my folks in these jail cells They call it suicide cause it's just another black male~! Damn~! [Big K.R.I.T.] Aww sookie, sookie now [Outro] "There's the rare occasion when the public can be engaged on a level beyond flash  if they have a sentimental bond with the product" The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Big K.R.I.T. Album: Return of 4Eva Song: American Rapstar Typed by: newos_crib_is@hotmail.com [Intro: Big K.R.I.T.] An A&R once told me you can determine the worth of a song within fifteen seconds of it playing with a complete and utter lack of the fact that it takes all three minutes and forty seconds of a song to comprehend what I'm saying It ain't a single if it don't fly, it ain't a hit if it don't ride Now he couldn't tell me the components of a smash, but them ringtones were the all-time high And a rapper's only as big as his chain, the flashier the better They say that money make the world go round You're never lost till you lose your crown And they don't love you till you're underground or when you're maxing out your bank account Yeah, you do it all just to live the life Even if it means you don't live it right And even if it means you don't survive the night But even if you do, you won't survive the hype of American rapstar [Big K.R.I.T.] Push it to the limit (why?) Just to get up high with a woodgrain kitted Ride around town like I never lived in it Gun in my dash, pray I never kill with it, I'm that real with it Got my eyes on the prize Bills still due, motherfuck nine to five Searching for a freak down to fuck once or twice Wanna buy a bottle, but I ain't paid my tithes, this no lie Got a vision and a masterplan (OK) to hit the block and blow up like the Taliban (what else?) I make it where my plane never have to land I make it where them lames never stand a chance Shit, you never know, only time will tell It's either starve or you find a scale (weigh up) You either buying or you trying to sell (get it) You either fall or you grind the rails [Big K.R.I.T.] So I just get it how I live Waiting on my moment, screaming fuck how they feel Dodging jail cells and them pigs down to kill They shot Oscar Grant, swear it gave a nigga chills, let's keep it real If you ain't looking then your eyes closed Will I pay what I owe? Only God knows I ain't for sure, give me strength just to change what I can't and understand the difference between a nigga and the King that I am Gotta keep your finger on the trigger 'Pac died, Biggie died, they ain't found the killers Momma say she worry cause I rap about the government and how the Church caked over people out there struggling (that's real though) I just call it how it is folk I'm breathing for a reason, what you here fo'? They got us where the villains who we cheer fo' cause they murdered all the heroes The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Big K.R.I.T. Album: Return of 4Eva Song: High & Lows Typed by: newos_crib_is@hotmail.com Now I was doing it big all on my own Gripping woodgrain and riding on chrome Sprinkling game everywhere that I go cause all these horny girls want to fuck Now I was old school riding, slamming my doors Reclining, shining like a pimp s'posed Life ain't nothing but an EQ of highs and lows and it's so, an EQ of highs and lows [Big K.R.I.T.] Well I got more than your amount, what's in your account? Young Krizzle, the newest out the South so it's going down I think you a hater if you can't see that I'm player with this evil major leaguer and these fuchsia alligators Shawty got me fucked up, I'm never slipping, never tricking for no treats that ain't for free up on these streets if it ain't Halloween And why these boppers on my dick? I swear they tryna fuck my whip Vibing cause my paint was candy sour apple green I pull the baddest broads up out they drawers and barely wave If you ain't winning in this game, then you've barely played If you ain't buying what you want, then you barely paid Didn't see me out, then you can barely hate, cause I was [Big K.R.I.T.] Well I got everything you want, everything you need Damn right I'm the coldest nigga out, you liable to freeze Never ever bring your girl around, she liable to leave She ain't never been around a pimp, she was dying to see I'm Mouthpiece at his prime, the flyest of the freshest that was freshest of the fly I'm majoring in pimping, I'm just rapping on the side for the Benz with the trim and the teriyaki tires and a plane that don't take off if I don't ride Oh so live like Pay-Per-View, I'll show you what paper do Make her pop it and drop it, slide back and forth like a fader do My bezel incredible, swear my vessel was hater-proof Only me, myself and I is who I cater to, cause I was [Big K.R.I.T. - singing] I'd rather be with you-ou, yeah Said I'd rather be with you I'd rather be with you-ou, yeah Said I'd rather be with you The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Big K.R.I.T. f/ Joi Album: Return of 4Eva Song: Shake It Typed by: newos_crib_is@hotmail.com [Intro: Big K.R.I.T.] Yeah, broadcasting to ya live from the third coast I'm ready [Chorus: Joi] - (w/ Big K.R.I.T. ad libs) Let me take you higher-a-a-a-ohh (I told ya I can take ya higher baby) Let me light your fire-a-a-a-ohh (Let me light your fire darling) Oh, oh, oh, oh (Yeah) Won't you shake it baby, shake it baby shake it baby, shake it baby, shake it? (Oh no getting all shy now baby girl) Can you take it baby, take it baby take it baby, take it baby, take it? (Let me know, can you take it?) [Big K.R.I.T.] Now I was creeping across slow, in a candy '84 with the fifth wheel and a chandelier, and the elbows with Vogues I was scooping up yellow, head game nothing better that went down fourteen, ironically her first name Coretta Her body is stellar, I told her that when I first saw her in the strip club with her top off and her ass up like "Good Lord" She had me pinned up in a corner whispering that I could have her if I want her [Chorus: Joi] - (w/ Big K.R.I.T. ad libs) Let me take you higher-a-a-a-ohh (Let me take you higher baby) Let me light your fire-a-a-a-ohh (Let me light your fire darling) Oh, oh, oh, oh (Yeah) Won't you shake it baby, shake it baby shake it baby, shake it baby, shake it? (I know that's what you came here to do) Can you take it baby, take it baby take it baby, take it baby, take it? (I just wanna know, can you take it baby?) [Big K.R.I.T.] Now I was late night creeping on 'em in the pillow they was sleeping on And her man, she was cheating on him for the chrome wheels that glide On the old school with the plush seats that feel extra soft when you touch these She'd get real freaky, wanna touch me and suck me as I drive I said cool, she was thorough it, matter of fact, she was thoroughbred as the light from the street twinkle off my chrome and the back of her silky head Kinda crazy, trying not to crash my whip, but I'm kinda hazy Kinda soaring, kinda high, told her one more time [Chorus: Joi] - (w/ Big K.R.I.T. ad libs) Let me take you higher-a-a-a-ohh (Up to the moon and the stars baby) Let me light your fire-a-a-a-ohh (Make it shine baby, let's make it shine) Oh, oh, oh, oh (Yeah) Won't you shake it baby, shake it baby shake it baby, shake it baby, shake it? (I know you don't think it's over yet) Can you take it baby, take it baby take it baby, take it baby, take it? (You ready? Let's go) [Joi] - (w/ Big K.R.I.T. ad libs) Won't you ride (won't you come aboard) aboard my spaceship? (I just want you to shake it baby, everything that you got and more) Can't you tell we going places? (If you can't tell by now that we going places...) (One more time, alumnus, yeah) [Outro: excerpt from the film "CB4"] "I definitely don't like what's happening to you" "Now just because I got a little bit of cash  why does everybody gotta start bugging?" The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Big K.R.I.T. f/ Big Sant Album: Return of 4Eva Song: Made Alot Typed by: newos_crib_is@hotmail.com [Chorus: 8Ball & MJG "On Top of the World" sample] "Made a lot of cheese (cheese), people say I changed  Made a, made a lot of cheese (cheese), people say I changed  Made a, made a lot of cheese, people, people say I changed  But if you thinking that you never knew me from the gate  Made a, made a lot of cheese (cheese), people say I changed  Made a, made a lot of cheese (cheese), people say I changed  Made a, made a lot of cheese, people, people say I changed  But if you thinking that you never knew me from the gate mayne" [Big K.R.I.T.] Ay, well fuck it then... cause I'd rather ride bubble Benz than push a bucket brake, scrubbing paint, bubbling up again on my hood, gotta get it while the getting good A chemist with the pimping, mix the leather with the cherry wood If you could you should, slam doors on hoes I fifth-wheel my trunk while white-walling my Vogues I tight-walk on these foes just to flex Ain't no sense in stepping out if I can't never look my best Damn, don't stress my bankroll, just know I keep my bank swoll' Ain't no place I can't go, never trick on no stank hoe It was like that back when I was in my momma's stomach A player slid up out the womb and hit the ground running, never stumbling Always gunning like a popped Glock, keep a hater boxed out so I could rebound and ball for the top spot All the same, I'm a staple in the game Ain't never been no lame, that's why I find it strange when I [Big Sant] Uh, who the fuck are you? Texting me at 1:46 in the evening, meant the morning, after midnight While I'm yawning, you were sleeping Four-door Chevy roll, I'm out there creeping, slamming doors in heavy things, but I want some more with player pose Roll up on hoes that say they knew me from high-school Maybe community college, claim they wanna do some thangs but I can do without it My momma named "such and such", and we go back like baby powder Baby I doubt it, it's hard to swallow, you wanna lay up, I want a dollar for the machine, I'm kinda thirsty A little parched, she wanna ride, no you cannot She say I'm mean, I say just to hoes, and dumb niggas Kind of like you, them bees and does Reject request on Facebook, daily ducking lames All you know is my partner and 'nem and my name Plus you heard that I [Big Sant] You probably see me in the street, but nigga you don't know me Big Sant bitch, motherfucking O.G. From the 'Sip, get a grip, wanna visit? Take a trip Ain't a nigga dead or alive that can say that I done flipped I'm from the land of the cheese, home of the slave Don't confuse me with no lame, cause that's just what I ain't Alumni forever, put that on the nigga next to me Started out writing rhymes, ended up writing a legacy [Big K.R.I.T.] They hollering there he go again, what's his name? Where his folk? Call him Kurt? Call him K.R.I.T.? Fuck that nigga, I ain't sure He got beats, heard him flow like a couple years ago He alright, kinda tight, shawty like him on the low There he go, too much soul, I wouldn't buy it out the sto' cause I saw him in the club, he's the one who hollered at my hoe So because he got some dough from a deal, he think he ill I bet that's how that motherfucker feel, and on the real, I think he changed The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Big K.R.I.T. Album: Return of 4Eva Song: Lions and Lambs Typed by: newos_crib_is@hotmail.com [Chorus: 2X] OK, so time never waits for no man, peep the slow hand Lions is all we really, no lambs Get money, split it up with my broham When you go outside don't let the do' slam Don't let the do' slam Don't let the do' slam Don't let the do' slam When you go outside (keep quiet) [Big K.R.I.T.] Your, your gracious Lord, I say a prayer for all of mine searching for a fixing in these broken times I let my anger feed my hunger pain Plotting with my brother from another mother about running thangs Another round table mission cause rap ain't paying off and ain't no food in the kitchen So I'ma get these Ps with the L with the smell that make them smokers go crazy, can you feel me like braille? Politicking bout a move or two so we can put on for the city like they used to do And all them hoes that didn't call me boo will break they backs when they see that boy, I'm cruising through Cause they respect it when you're clocking major figures Throwing turkeys with the stuffing off of eighteen-wheelers Watching for the laws with the judges on call Shuck and jiving to get by with this pistol in my drawers [Big K.R.I.T.] Now who that peeking in my window? Music on crescendo, vibing to the sounds of the endo Playing King Kong, no Nintendo I can't trust a soul, niggas giving up their kinfolk Grandmommas, mommas and baby mothers grandfathers, fathers and baby brothers get scared, find themselves undercover You knew the consequences of pushing them junkies' hubbas I tell the story how it be Don't bring no dirt in mine, don't speak on what you see Always call before you come, you get jammed, you don't know me Leave that wire at the do', wash your hands before you eat Don't play the game if it ain't keeps Be ready for the finals, better practice what you preach You ain't the stand up type? Then find a seat You blood is thicker than water, but both them thangs leak [Big K.R.I.T.] Them tattletales tell the tales of cars and clothes of players that pose for cameras and shine for hoes Gleam and glow under strobes of lights in the club with drinks that's dirty and shots that's dubbed And people give kisses and hugs to niggas with plugs minus the sink, not talking bout tubs, talking bout bass You thinking bout submarine maybe, now where the holes in yo' boat? The people that tell be people you know The people that hurt be people you owe, time Now daddy ain't around to hold them down now for the Benz with broads and rims Instead of breaking even with odds and ends, you doing five to ten on the late night, for swimming in pools with Great Whites They smell that dirty money, no last train to London or Paris, life is more than carats and fur coats On the low, that tick tock is worth mo' The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Big K.R.I.T. Album: Return of 4Eva Song: King's Blues Typed by: newos_crib_is@hotmail.com I got no time to waste, I got more bills to pay I got more mouths to feed now, now, now I got no time to play, I got no need to stay when ain't no money around, round, round What's a King without a crown? "Time's a wastin'" - {Erykah Badu} What's a car without some sound? "Don't you take your time, young man" - {Erykah Badu} [Big K.R.I.T.] Never been on that silly sucker shit, ride around pimped out, fo' doors with a woodgrain dashboard, and a rim that sits swoll' And the embroidered headrest, yeah that be dead fresh In your ear like headsets, sleepy eye, forever grind, no bed rest I can't depend on that next check cause it ain't vouched, shit The type of broke that got me searching through my momma's couch for some loose change, they got that dollar menu McDouble and small fries, lemonade and sweet tea blended Now here it is Monday, but will it get me through till Wednesday? Will it kill them hunger pains, even though it ain't fulfilling? I make do with what God give me, and I take it day by day I would come around more often, but I can't stay, cause [Big K.R.I.T.] Try not to step on my toes with yo' swoll' bankrolls, you blowing dough on stripper pole pros you barely know, make it rain If I was paid with no knowledge and two months late on my mortgage in a hood that ain't safe, I'd do the same thang But wishful thinking ain't shit without genies I can't define how I feel, that's why I'm searching for meaning No need to pinch me in my players' suite, I know when I'm dreaming My momma tell me be careful cause she know when I'm scheming Lottery winners don't run in my family, nor do seven dots when dice are swang No sense in me gambling, we just crap out Maybe they would listen to me if I pulled the strap out like give me everything or I'ma black out, cause The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Big K.R.I.T. f/ Chamillionaire Album: Return of 4Eva Song: Time Machine Typed by: newos_crib_is@hotmail.com [Chorus: Big K.R.I.T.] In my time machine, yeah I ride clean Marinate the scene with my high beams Candy-coated dreams whenever I lean Take me forward far, this ain't just a car This my time machine (take me way back, way back) This my time machine (take me way back, way, way back) This my time machine (take me way back, way back) Take me forward far, this ain't just a car This my time machine [Big K.R.I.T.] Take me way back, Scarface in our tape deck Riding with my poppa, rocking a starter and some gray sweats Gave me game as we rolled down 8th street Niggas out there flexing, don't be stressing what you can't be and don't be vouching, don't believe in what you can't see unless it's God, and don't be borrowing cause ain't shit free You got your family and your friends when you need relief There'll come a time when I can't be there when you need me He leant my seat back (way, way back) When it come to music, yeah you need that (way, way back) Forever in the cut where you be at (way, way back) Forgive and forget, your anger, leave that (way, way back) Don't be wasting time cause time is all you have Don't be chasing hoes, boy go chase this cash I can't say no mo', you'll learn it on your own I couldn't understand it then, but you know that I'm grown [Big K.R.I.T.] Take me way back, fitted with a wave cap Brushing in the hallway, tryna keep these waves flat Broads come and go, rarely would they fuck with me My brother was a player, I was favored off of many streets Learning rules, paying dues, made myself a name Laughing at these caped crusader saviors cause them niggas lame Handcuffing, claim they loving on a freaky dame But she a bopper, I got partners that done ran a train We play the game (way, way back) Even as a youngster, knew I'd be a King (way, way back) Told them non-believers I would never change (way, way back) Mississippi where I'm from and that's the shit I claim (way, way back) It's funny how they flock when they heard you got that knot Wouldn't bust it open now they dying to set it out Dying to hit my couch, get off in they mind like I'ma fall in love, take 'em back in time [Chamillionaire] Uh, uh, hold up, I just wanna say what's up, to the women they discuss Ain't no rust, you can never say it's lust, this the only dame I trust Ain't it plush, you can see the painted struts, got the naked lady just painted up, this ain't no Mercedes cause, bet it make your baby blush Coats of candy got 'em saying I'm delicious Every woman on her knees that's looking up is not religious And I feel like Master P had me not taking minor digits If you ain't about this life, then close your pipe and mind your bidness Screw taught us stay authentic and they gon' love your jams Watts told us gotta keep on mashing and we gon' run the land J. Prince and Drake were the reasons you had to become a fan And the only way we ain't gon' win is when we under-plan Throw a prayer up for Japan, I swear the daily news be having me tripping Everybody that got a cross hanging off they neck is not a Christian When the police pull you over they'll say you fit the description Bun B that's our O.G., R.I.P. Pimp C, feel like I'm with him when I'm in my time machine The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Big K.R.I.T. Album: Return of 4Eva Song: Get Right Typed by: newos_crib_is@hotmail.com OK, ay this is just an anthem for the players Top notch boppers and the pimps with the gators Roller skaters, smoked out elevators Drank sipping, paint flipping congregators Let's get right, let's get right Let's get right, let's get right All night, all night All night, party like it's 1999 [Big K.R.I.T.] One two, one two, one two, I got plenty Breaking hoes, four in the morning, ain't many Player, player play on, roller skate on I get my chase on for something to take home, now who you waiting on? Uh, freaking with me she got beat till she shook and went to sleep, you think she don't cheat She sucking and she fucking cause she love the way I spit it I know she only want me for my dick, but I can dig it I dig her, there's none iller, kinda killer like Jack the Ripper, that's way before I drink the liquor My moves are major, can't do no favors for chickens with cruel intentions of laying eggs to get to my paper Plenty pimping, nah I ain't tricking, ain't never slipping Hella lifted when we piffing, stuck to the ceiling You smell the vapors when we roll by So crack a seal, pour up and get right [Big K.R.I.T.] Back up, back up cause it's on, break of dawn Popping tops, taking shots, vibing to the early morn I ain't tripping if I make it home, tryna bone Taking pictures of bad bitches and save 'em in my phone B.B. in me on the late night, take flight on my base pipes, searching for jaws like Great Whites Ain't that some shit? Yeah, that's some shit You claimed that was your girl, but why she all up on my tip? No need to buck cause you get fucked up in this party Chiggity-check yourself before I finish what you started Get retarded, hella stupid in the mix Line 'em up, knock 'em down, dominoes in this bitch Drink ain't free, drink on me, store run Gotta take my whip cause yo' tank on E It's all good, I got a little dough to blow Buy a case of Ol' E' and some blunts to roll [Big K.R.I.T. - singing] OK, I'm feeling good, drink got me feeling fine Doing what a player does, smoking just to ease my mind Forever getting on, riding chrome Bopping-ass broads won't leave me alone I said these bopping-ass broads won't leave me alone All day, all night, I can't be faded Too cold on hoes, they ain't for saving Get right, get gold, feel like we made it How could you hate? Congratulate The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Big K.R.I.T. Album: Return of 4Eva Song: Amtrak Typed by: newos_crib_is@hotmail.com [Intro] Now won't you chugga-chugga-chugga-chugga-chugga? Now won't you chugga-chugga-chugga-chugga-chugga? Now won't you chugga-chugga-chugga-chugga-chugga? Now won't you chugga-chugga-chugga-chugga-chugga? [Big K.R.I.T.] I know you hear this train coming, rumbling down the track Don't miss out on this pimping shawty, it ain't coming back I'm steamrolling, no controlling while I'm whipping Smoke stacking, seal cracking while I'm switching gears, it makes it hard to hear with 15s in the caboose I'm more Southern than Norfolk bitch, that's why they love what I do Caution, danger, when I'm on my shit there ain't no slowing down Picking up the loners that's horny whenever I'm in town Them yellow-bellies, them-them-them cocoa browns They love to give me that, choo-choo-choo-choo sound I toot my horn to all them haters mumbling cause I know they hear that train coming Yeah bitch, I know you hear this train coming, hah Come on now You know you want to ride on my locomotive (on my locomotive baby) and I bleed the brakes off the train till you can't control it (you can't control it mami) Now won't you chugga-chugga-chugga-chugga-chugga? (Choo-choo-ing) Now won't you chugga-chugga-chugga-chugga-chugga? (Choo-choo-ing) Now won't you chugga-chugga-chugga-chugga-chugga? (I'm choo-choo-ing) Now won't you chugga-chugga-chugga-chugga-chugga? (Choo-choo-ing) [Big K.R.I.T.] I know you hear this train coming, you best grab your bags Don't worry bout your partners and them, just bring yo' ass Now let me break it down, before we go Don't hold back what the Good Lord gave ya, let it show Now all aboard for all of those that claim they down to get it I advise you to exit right if you ain't down with it Really, I'm just trying to free your mind from its prison I'll show you how to get off if you just listen You'll never want to leave here if you just visit Plus ain't no more cars coming, and time is ticking Your homegirl just al'ight, I'm kinda picky But you a booming business, I hope she got a ticket I know you hear this train coming Yeah bitch, I know you hear this train coming, hah Come on now [Outro: Big K.R.I.T.] All aboard~! Oh you the last one? Let me see your ticket Where you tryna go now? Hmmm, I don't think this gon' get you there Yeah I can take you though, if you really wanna go there but you gotta be just my type shawty, because... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Big K.R.I.T. f/ Raheem DeVaughn Album: Return of 4Eva Song: Players Ballad Typed by: newos_crib_is@hotmail.com [Chorus: Raheem DeVaughn] You're welcome to go, where you've never been before Where them players play on, and all that you want's in store If I had to choose, I'd choose you If I had to choose, I'd choose you Play on, play on, play on [Big K.R.I.T.] Yo, fresh linen, purple label it Polo high-horse in here, my closet where the stable is Immaculately making it, taking trips around the world just to find my beauty-blinding, over-shining diamond girl (where she at?) In and out of state, seen a lot of faces worthy of the glance but none is worthy of the chance to be the queen of all the land as you What once was a solo mission, I plan for two Do the shit that you can't plan to do Foreign cars, moon and stars, player exotic beaches Five-star restaurants, cuisines you've never eaten Dive in your deepest crevice, no resting, we barely sleeping Make you one and only, for sure as my body breathing Never let it go, hold till you overload the highs, no doubt the flyest chick on my totem pole Cause usually it's player, player play on but you can ride if you know how to stay on, shawty [Big K.R.I.T.] Now don't go listening to the non-believing naysayers I coach the team, you get the ring cause you's a team player Scoring on these hoes in your red bottoms on the runway like a model, drinking Rose out the bottle I'm proud to upgrade you on another level If God is Aphrodite, well I argue none better So pardon my boast and bragging but I'm feeling like I Powerball played and won a billion cause I'm here with you Then we move and make these other hoes invisible Always banking, so correct with your residuals And when our bodies intertwine it's so spiritual I'm Nat King Cole with the stroke, "Unforgettable" Lay back, let your hair down Drop the top, roll a doobie up shawty, be one with the air now Cause usually it's player, player play on But you can fly if you know how to hang on [Outro: Raheem DeVaughn] We on the move We on the move Big K.R.I.T. and Radio Raheem DeVaughn yeah We on the move We on the move... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Big K.R.I.T. Album: Return of 4Eva Song: Another Naive Individual Glorifying Greed & Encouraging Racism Typed by: newos_crib_is@hotmail.com [Intro: excerpt from the movie "Bamboozled"] "I want you all to go to your windows  Go to your windows and yell out  Scream with all the life that you can muster up  inside your bruised, assaulted and battered bodies  'I am sick and tired of being a nigger~!'" [Chorus 1] I don't wanna be another N.I.G.G.E.R. Tell the government, I don't wanna be another N.I.G.G.E.R. Tell them white folk, I don't wanna be another N.I.G.G.E.R. Tell them black folk, I don't wanna be another N.I.G.G.E.R. Tell the world, I don't wanna be another N.I.G.G.E.R. [Big K.R.I.T.] Waiting with my hands out Broke in the hood, they give a damn bout Bragging to my homie bout the hoes I fucked Drinking bottles after bottle, plus I smoke too much I never had a job that would pay me well I took what I could cause they gave me hell Spend what I stole on some clothes and kicks My ex-girl say I won't amount to shit but she suck and fuck when my car roll up Tried to fuck her sister but she talk too much Her momma shake her head whenever I come round Whatever high I had when I saw her might come down I barely go to church but I say I will I bow my head right before I eat my meal The world's fucked up and they claiming I'm to blame It's a damn shame, cause [Chorus 1] [Big K.R.I.T.] Waiting on a play to come through Chilling with my homeboys, plotting on you Watching movies how to come up quick Recruiting young niggas I can come up with Barely read books, but they down to shoot Live life breaking rules, they got something to prove Parents ain't around, they got nothing to lose Wave the tool on a fool for some brand new shoes Little child running wild in the streets Wanna be a G so he look up to me Try to hit the block and make a name Claim he caught a body, now he Gotti and feeling all the same till the family of the victim come knocking Milling through the corners of the ghetto till they shot him Youth still dying and they claiming I'm to blame It's a damn shame, cause [Chorus 1] [Big K.R.I.T.] Always tryna sell you something Don't really know shit, but try to tell you something Tap dance if you want him to Could've fed the hungry but he bought them jewels Won't ever look back cause he gotta keep moving Even if he leave his own people "Bamboozled" Taking credit like he did it by himself Too much pride to realize that he really had help Only judge a man by his wealth He ain't me, so he can't feel how I felt He saw me walking and he ain't look back Too scared, we make eye contact So he can say he didn't see me when he drove by and I could say he didn't see me and it's alright He just want the fame from the game, it's a shame I bet he think I'm just another N.I.G.G.E.R. [Chorus 2] Tell the government, I don't wanna be another N.I.G.G.E.R. Tell them white folk, I don't wanna be another N.I.G.G.E.R. Tell them black folk, I don't wanna be another N.I.G.G.E.R. Tell the world, I don't wanna be another N.I.G.G.E.R. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Big K.R.I.T. Album: Return of 4Eva Song: Free My Soul Typed by: newos_crib_is@hotmail.com Mama I made it, I got my chain now I got that Benz too I got my Louis Vuitton and my Gucci shoes Mama I made it, I got those Trues and Vogues I keep some groupie hoes I got that old school with those Lambo doors But I'm scared it all ain't enough to free my soul Lord, mama I made it [Big K.R.I.T.] Fuck what they talking, naw it ain't about talent It's no longer an art, niggas piss on your canvas and parade, OK, so you paved the way, but I rode the road farther than you've gone befo', but still you block the road some mo' I'm on my last leg and they passing me by with a sign that say I rap to eat, and both of my thumbs in the sky Damn, when will my time come? Should I just sell dope for money, cars, clothes and hoes cause they say that's successful? Till a nigga run up on you and unload cause he po' and you shine just like the moon glow Stunting in your Bentley, but it cost you your soul When God come to collect, I hope you got what you owe [Big K.R.I.T.] Forever dreaming, wishing on a star for help I give a nigga food for thought, he'd rather starve himself Apart from wealth, I think it was the shine that got us blinded Not sure of what we reading when we signing our life away They say ignorance is bliss, well I'd like to state the game is just not records and real shit, they don't like to play You ghetto famous to us, you just Bojangles to them Tap yo' feet, tip yo' brim, and sell it back to your kin I don't rap, I spit hymns, my God's bigger than them Trying to blacken your heart and say we children of men I sin cause I ain't perfect But I'd rather save your life than hurt it, if I made it [Big K.R.I.T.] Now what if all the things I'm fighting for, oh Lord don't get me where I'm going? Now what if I don't see the signs in time, oh Lord I'm praying that you show me Mama I made it [Outro] "I feel sorry for you kid  You're smart, you take care of yourself  There's nothing you can do for anybody else  What difference you think you can make?  One single man, and all this madness" The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Big K.R.I.T. Album: Return of 4Eva Song: The Vent Typed by: newos_crib_is@hotmail.com [Big K.R.I.T.] A mother lost her child, I tried to ease her pain It's only God's will, she said she felt the same It's funny how the sun will up and battle rain as if the clouds couldn't stand to see me outside again Wrote a rhyme that was kind with some vision to it Bottom line, it might expand your mind if you listen to it Too much shine can dull the soul If you feel how I feel then I'll rap some more How can the Devil take my brother if he's close to me? When he was everything I wasn't, but I hoped to be? I get a little honest and I ask myself if the time come, will you save me if I ask for help? Sent my mind on a journey to the outermost to document what it had seen and Cc me the notes And ask Kurt Cobain why, cause I need to know He stopped when he had such a long way to go I saw love in the eyes of a perfect stranger She overlooked my caring heart in search of a gangster Will we ever be together? Only time will tell She called my phone and talked to me as her eyes would swell I put my problems in a box beside my tightest rhymes under lock and key, buried deep off in my mind And when it gets too full and I can't close the lid I spaz on my family and my closest friends Trade my materials for a peace of mind I'm so close to Heaven, hell, I just need some time Who cares about life and the highs and lows? Maybe I should write another song about pimps and hoes Cars and clothes, idol gods Golden calves, Louis scarves I do this for the love and it's free of charge I don't need jail to be behind bars This is purely art In my grandma's household this was surely taught Don't be naive, yeah these times is hard In the midst of all the glamor, hope you find God I never wished to be the burden bearer But souls need saving and it's now or never Shock value's all they wanna see It's us against them and it's just you and me Tryna take heed, what I say in my songs Forgive me if I ever, ever steered you wrong Most people stop for signs but I've driven through it If it don't touch my soul then I can't listen to it The radio don't play the shit I used to love or maybe I'm just growing up I've never seen a star on a red rug If I wanna see stars, I just look above... to the Heavens [Big K.R.I.T. - singing] I know you've been down so long so I'll be stronger for you I know you've been down so long cause I've been down too Yes I understand what you're going through Yes I understand cause I'm going through it too I pray that you find your way and all things old become new I pray that you find your way for my sake cause I'm lost too Yes I understand what you're going through Yes I understand cause I'm going through it too I lost my friend this morning Woke up screaming her name She meant so much to me I'm scared I won't be the same Hope you understand what I'm going through Hope you understand when I call out for you... to vent The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Big K.R.I.T. Album: Return of 4Eva (Deluxe Reissue) * Song: Shake Junt Typed by: newos_crib_is@hotmail.com * appears on the 2012 reissue through Nature Sounds;  originally appeared on the mixtape "Strictly for the Traps and Trunks 2" I got a pole in the middle of my ride for a freak if she down to get inside I got a hole in the wall in my 'Lac I got a DJ in the trunk to bring it back I got a shake junt in my, shake junt in my trunk I got a shake junt in my, shake junt in my trunk I got a shake junt in my, shake junt in my trunk I got a shake junt in my, shake junt in my trunk I got a shake junt [Big K.R.I.T.] I'm countrier than a motherfucker shawty, Cadillac with elbows of Vogues Me and you, your cousin too, my wheels will still shine, gleam and glow Type of whip you never seen before, colder than a million below Left my top at home on the low, left my top at home just for show Drop top, make them pros bop with they toes out Offset, leave them hoes wet, like a boat huh? Smoked out, lungs choked out, what you know bout cracking seals in 'Lac de Villes when the club done closed down? [Big K.R.I.T.] I'm super clean, forever show my grill Pop my trunk, depend on how I feel Gator shoes with belt to match the brim Getting head's my Achilles' heel Buy high, but never left the curb Fly formation with the planes and birds Over other players I emerge And that's before I even smoke the herb Swag surf, swang fo', screw it up, ride it slow Drop it low, red light, green light, stop and go Lock and load, I got gwap to throw, make it rock and roll Fuck the club, we can get buck in my eighty-foooooo'! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Big K.R.I.T. f/ Bun B, Ludacris Album: Return of 4Eva Song: Country Shit (Remix) Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com [Intro: Ludacris] Yeah... I've been waitin to tell 'em about this country shit I'ma learn ya! You ready? LUDA! [Ludacris] Lemme tell you 'bout these old school Chevys, Cadillac SS, Impalas (Whoo!) If you smokin then we got mo' sacks than Troy Polamalu Yo' partners want some quarters, my partners want some keys In Atlanta we get that paper, can you haters say CHEEEEESE? Ten thousand watt amps (amps), six 15-inch kickers (kickers) My truck bumpin like an injected ass shots, like a stripper No insurance on these whips, tags all outdated I might not be shit to +YOU+, but my momma thinks I made it We gon' ball 'til we fall, or this Conjure get us wasted And I never drink that WHITE, all my women think I'm racist On that brown with a twist, tell these hoes to reminisce That my name is Ludacris and I'm like, "BEEEEYITCH~!!" [Chorus: Big K.R.I.T.] Lemme tell you 'bout this super fly, dirty dirty Third coast muddy waters, shawty pop that pussy if you wanna Lemme tell you 'bout this ol' school, pourin lean Candied yams and collard greens, +Pocket Full of Stones+, ridin clean Lemme tell you 'bout this country shit, country-country shit, country-country shit Lemme tell you 'bout this country shit, country-country shit, country-country shit Lemme tell you 'bout this country shit, country-country shit, country-country shit Lemme tell you 'bout this country shit, country-country shit, country-country shit [Big K.R.I.T.] I told 'em, "Aw man, hold up!", country is what country does M-I-crooked letter, hoe, who you know do it better fo'? Pull up, hop out - clean, in my old-school time ma-chine Keep a parachute for this altitude 'Cause when you riding this high, make it hard to breathe Mayday, holl'n out payday, +Knockin' Pictures Off the Wall+ when I creep Pros get wet as fuck when I speak, southern drawl it's just the way it be Heavy like sumo, numero uno, pourin up brown, she sippin on Nuvo Pimpin so cold, never trick on a hoe Outer space with the flow, like I'm livin on Pluto, y'know Biiitch~! I'm UGK influenced {SLOW IT DOWN} Chop-Chop and Screw it, for the folk in Texas that forever reckon with the styrofoam cup and the purple fluid Return of 4eva, I thought you knew it Country shit, that's all I see That's all I know, that's all I feel, that's all I am, that's all I'll be - country [Bun B] Candy-candy painted, 'Lac Biarritz (ritz)  Sitin on twenty-fo's, vogues (vogues) Pull up on my scene and I mack ya bitch (bitch) It ain't hard to tell, I suppose she chose To send over the clothes (clothes), Rolex and shoes This Charlie Sheen pimpin too big to lose (lose) Roll with trues and keep girls in twos Boy, you musta heard wrong, well you been confused See, I'm the big brother of Sweet James (James) I know all about these street games But the trick gon' pay (pay), the chick gon' say (say) So she cain't lie about what she, brang I'm certified like U.S.D.A. Representin Texas, straight up out the PA Graduated the School of Hard Knocks with a B.A. Right under the nose of the Vice and the D.A. Anything we say, take it as law, nigga When I'm in the booth, no rubber, I'm raw, nigga (raw, nigga) Talk down, get busted in yo' jaw, nigga Like I'm your pa. go run tell yo' ma, nigga (ma, nigga) No flaw nigga, one hundred percent Old school, no glass house, I'm under the tint (tint) Ask anybody here who runnin this shit K.R.I.T. and Big Bun in this bitch The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Big K.R.I.T. Album: 4evaNaDay Song: 8:04 AM Typed by: newos_crib_is@hotmail.com [Big K.R.I.T.] What a difference a day makes What about all the effort that a day takes? The winding road of my uncertainty That undying feeling urgency Did I do all that I could do to ensure my success? Did I really give my all, and am I really at my best, today? The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Big K.R.I.T. Album: 4evaNaDay Song: Wake Up Typed by: newos_crib_is@hotmail.com "Wake up" *4X* [Big K.R.I.T.] Thank God for the day, thank God for the morning Won't take this here for granted, no, Good Lord I gots to get on it With every breath I take or move I make, I gots to keep wanting a better life for me, and all of mine, no time for that yawning In the bed waiting, procrastinating, I gots to be hungry Too old for games that don't mean a thing, can't play with my homies Just know I'm paying dues if I don't pick up for you whenever you phone me cause being broke ain't fun, and that pity party I threw is starting to get boring Good morning I know today gonna be the best day of my life ("wake up"), my life ("wake up") I know today gonna be the best day of my life ("wake up, wake up") Gotta keep my head out the clouds and my feet on the ground [Big K.R.I.T.] Yo, gotta be realistic, stop talking and listen cause at the blink of an eye your life will pass you by, Good Lord you missed it Now, you're wishing that you went slow, took advantage of that two-fo' Yeah you gave your all to get your back from off the wall, but you can give more Stand tall against the grain, be yourself, don't do the same as the next man cause all paths are different, so don't jump the train Hell, we can't complain, for this borrowed time So don't misuse yours, cause you can't borrow mine Good morning [Outro: phone conversation] "Yo, what's up Pop?" "Yo, what's up J.? Go catch a great day starting  Uh, just we're so proud of ya and uh  I know it was just like yesterday, thinking bout your grandmother  But I know she proud of ya too" "Man, no doubt, man I appreciate it Pop  Man, I finna go and get about it man, I...  You know what I'm saying? I'ma hit you up a little though boy" "OK man" The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Big K.R.I.T. Album: 4evaNaDay Song: Yesterday Typed by: newos_crib_is@hotmail.com [Intro] "Speak up for them  Your friends, your relatives, your neighbors  It's a good idea to speak up for them  and it's always good to thank God" I miss you like yesterday I miss you like yesterday I miss you like yesterday Yeah, I know it sound cliche, and they tell me just to pray But I miss you like yesterday I miss you like yesterday I miss you like yesterday Yeah, I know it sound cliche, and they tell me just to pray But I miss you like yesterday [Big K.R.I.T.] Early morning Whipping up breakfast, so unexpected, I'm barely yawning Iron my school clothes, food up on the stove Biscuits was hella fluffy, Grandma I need two of those You whisper, wait for my brother, Papa do what you say 'Fore a crumb could hit my tongue, tell me to pray Scrape my plate, wash the dish Be prepared for the world and be thankful of the time that I get to be young on the run Don't be eager to be grown, have some fun You'll look back when you turn twenty-one like, my time flies Wishing you were here by my side [Big K.R.I.T.] Like an autumn breeze knocking all the pecans out the trees Baking your fruitcakes for Christmas Eve The smell of sweet potato pie make it hard to leave Sit and reminisce Out the grab bag, everybody got a gift Just be thankful for the thought, don't be giving lip We laugh and cry You knew you couldn't save the world, but you had to try I've been doing the same Just so you know, your lectures ain't going in vain Accepted that you're gone, but I deal with the pain Weather the rain Just know I won't be the same, cause The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Big K.R.I.T. Album: 4evaNaDay Song: Boobie Miles Typed by: newos_crib_is@hotmail.com Get money, don't be no lame Bench warmers never ride foreign, so play the game Never drop the ball, never accept a loss Get back up if you fall, and when your number called you better give your all I hope you give your all You gotta play until the end The only difference between a winner and a loser is a winner plays until he wins [Big K.R.I.T.] Ain't nothing for free so get your ass up My partner said if we don't speed then they might pass us So we hit eighty-five, tryna keep this dream alive All I see is green, I think these screens is fucking with my sight Nowadays hoes claiming that they crushing Bop a darling in my bucket till their heads catch concussions But please don't push my buttons, I don't know you like that Can't do no favors for these haters, I don't owe you like that Well I guess it's the allure, like when you need to score One second on the clock and the shot's all yours Hit or miss, we take the risk cause anything's better than Viennas and warm grits Trading bust-it babies for fly divas that buck Her only concern is if my car match her clutch Yeah she a gold digger, but that pussy good, so what the fuck? Don't be late for this player's ball, hurry up, and [Big K.R.I.T.] They told me life is what you make it So what you been creating on your free time? I'll lend you bars if you need rhyme, or reason Some people change, it's a part of life, like seasons Just be aware that everybody ain't your friend They'll be gone with the wind once your jump shot don't go in or your ACL torn and you a couple yards short from a Super Bowl Championship and it was down 4 Gotta play the field, be willing to ride, willing to dive for what you desire, call your pop fly but never collide with other players that play the game Don't be eager to run with crowds, stay in your lane Pass the knowledge onto your team, but carry the flame cause it's yours and yours alone to brighten your way Put God first and free your soul cause even Olympic runners sometimes lose their gold, so The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Big K.R.I.T. Album: 4evaNaDay Song: 4EvaNaDay (Theme) Typed by: newos_crib_is@hotmail.com They said it couldn't be forever, wouldn't be forever The grain ain't enough, you gotta mix it with the leather Your grind ain't enough, you gotta mix it with the hate When it's all over, watch what I say 4Eva and a day, day, day, day, day 4Eva and a day, day, day, day, day 4Eva and a day, day, day, day, day 4Eva and a day, watch what I say 4Eva and a day [Big K.R.I.T.] My momma said, what's up Big? How ya feel? I dedicate this to them haters that's in my grill Them doubters and them non-believers that said I wouldn't And them A&Rs, when I spit them bars, that said I couldn't And them bougie broads that wasn't fucking when I was broke Now they squeeze by to the V.I. so I can jump down they throat I put it on the line, and do what I love, and above all, have hope If it was meant for me and it was meant to be, then it'll pay off like it's supposed Shit [Big K.R.I.T.] Some say that I switched up, but most of them niggas done bitched up If you ain't bout your own people, what you gon' raise your fists for? Old school with them kickers like karate feet, my money stretch like Pilates be If you never been to the top, it's something that you gotta see Somewhere that you gotta be, I never dealt with the lame Knock on wood, but I'm hella good in this candy paint No time to waste, keep my pace forever still Worry about you and how you live, I did it big, I hurt they feelings [Big K.R.I.T.] I dedicate this third verse to all the candy coaters and the slab riders Record breakers that did mad favors when they knew no one ever heard about us And them player pimps, Chevy donks that crank the thump till the trunk beat Crawl slow up on a bad broad that jump in cause she fuck with me In the hood selling CDs cause they showed love at the mom-and-pop till I sold 'em all, even when my buzz was small, they still chose to cop Fact remains that I'm still the same and I'll never change or settle cause I ain't tripping on mainstream cause love from the underground, that's forever Now, that's forever The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Big K.R.I.T. Album: 4evaNaDay Song: Me and My Old School Typed by: newos_crib_is@hotmail.com [Chorus: screwed vocals] Ride, ride, ride clean, if you, if you ride old, ride slow Candy, candy paint, slamming these doors Ride, ride, ride clean, if you, if you ride old, ride slow Candy, candy paint, slamming these doors Ride, ride, ride clean, if you, if you ride old, ride slow Candy, candy paint, slamming these doors If you ride old, ride slow, ride old, ride slow Ride old, ride slow, slamming, slamming these doors [Big K.R.I.T.] I remember way back in the day All I wanted was a candy car with hella flakes Crushing hoes, slamming doors while the chassis shake from the sub, work the juice, bitch, I want the bass Can't be turning on a dime cause the rims scrape Kill switches for them jackers out chere tryna take That's my prized possession, in recession kept me straight Clear my mind, then recline on the runway, from Monday to Sunday Just me and my old school {*4X*} [Big K.R.I.T.] Ain't nothing changed, still the same country bumpkin M-I crooked, super southern, don't be tripping on my rims I'd rather sit higher than bald eagles on shoulders of giant people If I'm gon' ride, hell, I don't know about them Popping my collar, rocking gators, fuck some Prada Be a scholar of this pimping to the very, very end Forever official like words out the scripture Off the Richter, saw the future through my rearview lens Just me and my old school {*4X*} [Interlude: Big K.R.I.T.] See it ain't just a car, it ain't just a whip It's a time machine, it's a spaceship, it's precious You gotta take your time You can't be rubbing on them curbs and hitting them potholes You gotta ride clean and ride slow Me and my old school The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Big K.R.I.T. Album: 4evaNaDay Song: 1986 Typed by: newos_crib_is@hotmail.com Like it was 1986, yeah I'm back bitch Big money, subwoofer, Randy Savage It was 1986, yeah I'm back bitch M.C. twenty-four crawling through the traffic It was 1986, yeah I'm back bitch Rolling clean, hella screen, digi-dashed it It was 1986, coldest year ever Momma could have cut me out the womb but she knew better [Big K.R.I.T.] Digi my dash, this for the players that got them some golds, and copped them some gators Fresh' than a motherfucker, I knew what it took The game that I'm giving you, couldn't get out a book Now don't be tricking no hoes, don't be lending your ride And if you fuck, wear a rubber cause they burning inside If it don't pay what you're asking, then you're wasting your time If you can't get you no old school, don't go fucking with mine [Big K.R.I.T.] Watching for jackers, scoping for law They go to hating when I'm bassing cause I swang and I crawl Scraping the wall, rubbing the curb A chef with the whipping, my trunk shaken and stirred I got a fetish for Chevys, an itch for the dollar On the hunt for a freak, down to fuck if she swallow I be popping my collar till I'm dead in a tomb Hell, I've been popping my collar since I fell out the womb [Big K.R.I.T. - singing] Feels good to have it Knowing that I did what I could It feels good to have it I put the leather on top of the wood It feels good to have it I rode chrome all around my streets It feels good to have it to see it, to need it, to grab it Feels good to have it The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Big K.R.I.T. Album: 4evaNaDay Song: Country Rap Tunes Typed by: newos_crib_is@hotmail.com This for all my country folk, slamming them Caddy doors Sitting out on the porch, fresh from head to toe This for all my Southern kin, be proud of who you is No matter where and when, let 'em know the game you in This for all my country folk [Big K.R.I.T.] Back on my grind again, wasting no time again Putting it on the line, been losing, I'm tryna win whenever, right now's the better Hoping all of the stars and planets align together Tryna weather the storm, go beyond and gone Find all of life's treasures and bring 'em back to my home like, like we made it, 'Sippi land, country and all of that Tell all them haters congratulate us or fall back cause I'm in my old school traveling to the A Don't worry little baby brother, I'll be back like any day Spread the word, I flip verbs like birds Get flipped by dope boys that park rims on the curb Got my CD in they deck, bop they heads, break they neck Whispering that I got next to execs that never heard of Mississippi lyricists Not even visionaries can envision this For my country folk [Big K.R.I.T.] Leave it behind, the, the, the crime Fighting for every yard across the poverty line Any given Sunday could be my last Pay my tithes with the gas money, or let the plate pass cause God can understand the lows The feeling of being stranded on the side of the road Watching all the fancy cars come and go like it couldn't get no worse, but it storms some mo' Cause whenever it rains little buddy, it pours when you need the sunshine like, the most But even a Magnolia fights to grow under certain circumstances similar to yours I just wanna be heavenly, I suppose cause success never ever save your soul I came from the bottom of the map to show the world that it's more to us country folk, yeah The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Big K.R.I.T. Album: 4evaNaDay Song: Sky Club Typed by: newos_crib_is@hotmail.com Now I'm popped up twice, drink on ice High beams on, forever top flight Mile high flow, cabin pressure low Watching out for traffic control I'm clear for landing, landing, landing I'm clear for landing, landing, landing I'm clear for landing, landing, landing Shit, I'm too fly to be touched, too hard to be crushed [Big K.R.I.T.] Jamming, when I pull out on the scene Hoes, hop up out they jeans Jaws, drop up on the scene when that plane be super clean like something out of a dream, or a movie Groovy broads jesting that they choosing I feel 'em all the same Down to do whatever before I ask 'em they name They just wanna know, Krizzle, can you sing? I say, yes I can (yes I can) Even with highs and lows (highs and lows) Pull up in that old ride (old school) Do it like a player 'posed (player, player, player play on) Back to what I was talking bout Don't miss out on this pimping cause ain't no stalling out I get ya where ya wanna, that's if ya calling out to me from the stands I'll holler at ya when we land [Big K.R.I.T.] This that "Skew It on the Bar-B", where's the party? Summer time and, feeling fine and, drinking forties with my kinfolk, playing spades and, still debating bout going to the club after, shit's overrated I'm kinda faded, my shawty jaded cause I don't pick up when she call, it's complicated Holler later, roller-skating, super bassing Turn it up to the max like, goodness gracious It's back breaking, my neighbors hate me, keep it shaking 808 earthquaking, life changing The way it knock on the pavement, hear me in Asia They way it thump in the trunk, you'll think I'm in danger Becoming one with the sun like a space invader Another shot just before it, I don't need a chaser Reggie Miller ain't allowed, we don't like the Pacers when you in my plane hanger [Big K.R.I.T.] If you drinking and you po' something, po' something, po' something One time, one time for y'all If ya smoking and you roll something, roll something, roll something One time, one time for y'all To all my family, let me hold something, hold something, hold something One time, one time for y'all An all them broads that down to show something, show something, show something One time, one time for y'all The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Big K.R.I.T. Album: 4evaNaDay Song: Red Eye Typed by: newos_crib_is@hotmail.com [Intro] "Hey babe, what's going on?  I, I thought you was gonna call me back  Like, I really, really need to talk to you  I'm tryna find out what's going on with our relationship  Why am I the only one that's always calling, making an effort?  I understand that you're busy, on the road  You have to do what you have to do for your career  But I feel like if you really wanted this relationship  you'd do what you have to do for us also  Like I'm always, always the one doing everything  and I'm just tired, like... call me back baby" [Big K.R.I.T.] I'm like, what happened to us? Maybe I'm rapping too much I've been missing your touch, sometimes I'm out and I lust What if love ain't enough, and all we have is this trust? What if I'm fucking that up, so you don't trust in me much? I'm wasting your time, to say I'm straight I'd be lying It's either you or this music, but I can't make up my mind I'd throw you a line, I'd give you a sign Right now I'm through with the trying, I think you ready to fly I settle for less, so when I'm tired of stress I go through with the motions, pretending I'm at my best Fall victim to flesh, I live to be fresh But this ain't what I expect because my life is a wreck I run out of breath cause I ain't taking the steps Money comes and it goes till family's all I got left I'm seeing my growth, but I'm still from myself You'll be hollering out next because you're ready to fly I can't find the words so you'll just fill in the blanks I'm doing the norm, and not what it takes I'll keep folding my cards and you'll keep raising the stakes till we forget about us and what we have is too late I know in your heart you ain't conditioned to race So I steady the wheel, forever pumping the brakes Resort to the bottle, that's how I deal with the shakes Pray for these haters, that's how I deal with the hate Look to the sky, don't be content with the now You ain't concerned with the why, you just wanna know how I didn't give it a chance, when you just wanna be down I'd save me from myself, but I'm wanting to drown King is much more than the weight of a crown As good as it feels, that ain't the way that it sounds Being single is cool till ain't nobody around Then I'm chasing you down cause you was ready to fly I can't be what you want me to be You're shooting too high cause you ain't aiming at me One minute you calling out for the D Then the next minute you wanna be free Then the next minute you hollering out peace Although I know it's a war and there'll be blood in the street If you call, don't be frustrated at me Just leave your heart at the beep cause mine is harder to reach Cause mine is harder to see And that don't make it harder to cheat Being friends would make it harder to breathe So if you ready to fly, just forget about me But if you willing to try, then I'm willing to leap out of the window of pain and fall in love at your feet I ain't the man you want me to be I guess that's what's been bothering me The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Big K.R.I.T. Album: 4evaNaDay Song: Down & Out Typed by: newos_crib_is@hotmail.com [Intro: Big K.R.I.T.] Good Lord, we back one mo' again This for the people, this for the have-nots I know what you're going through I know what you're dealing with on the daily, you feel? Ain't nothing but sunshine from here, let's get high Sipping on this drank won't ease my pain Lord, I wish it would Smoking all this weed don't make me sane But it should In a world that's down and out, out In a world that's down and out, out Ohhh-oh-oh-oh [Big K.R.I.T.] I got my back against the wall, once again I've been cornered Smoke that roach from my ash tray from the other day, and down this last Corona that I scrape fo', gotta make mo', gotta get mine, cause when I get time I'ma get shine and clear my runway, and wait till I get signed Then stretch my wings and fly, do what I gotta do to get by See the world through my third eye, would answer the things I worry about At the end of days, bills to pay, if it's a white man world am I still a slave to the minimum wage? Keep word minimal, subliminal, cause I won't make it anyway out the traps they set, follow them tracks they left to the White House And tell Oprah Winfrey I don't need no chicken, bitch they gon' turn my lights out on a daily basis, piece of American Pie they cut me, I can barely taste it But I know it ain't bout shit cause my grandma ain't make it, yeah [Big K.R.I.T.] Can't take that for granted though, I'm still searching for antidotes Niggas out chere sick from the money they spent, tryna get more cars and clothes and hoes They really know their pose, is that on Earth winning y'all? Is every woman in a sundress really down for the cause? I can't be sure, nowadays everybody bout dough About the play, a queen to be? A gold digger? I can't even say But either way I strap up, wrap up, cause I don't want no capsules after a rock-a-bye that I deny cause she stay on heads like tassels And that's not to say ain't no queens around my way I seen one the other day, but she had bruises on her face, and cried to me that men ain't shit, and she fed up, they only want her with her legs up Even though her nose swollen and eye was closed, I told her keep her head up, and she said The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Big K.R.I.T. Album: 4evaNaDay Song: Package Store Typed by: newos_crib_is@hotmail.com [Big K.R.I.T.] Just the other day when I was out at the store Saw a preacher hella creeping, tryna bang on a hoe That same motherfucker used to bang on my do' hollering bout donations for cause, cause collections is low Damn shame, but I got change so I give to the plate He know I know he buying pussy, he don't lie to my face Said that I should cut my grass cause I'm surrounded by snakes Not sure if that was metaphoric, or if he had seen one today I know what he said, but maybe I beg to differ The only souls you like to touch were the legs of strippers The only reason I know that cause I used to tip 'em How could I judge when in this world we both some niggas? And we both some killers, and we both some thieves Only God can save us all, what he spoke to me What he hoped to be was a better man in due time But he fell short tryna sip on the wine In the neighborhood package store, get some wine for spirits Some gossip for your mind if you down to hear it In the neighborhood package store, silver and gold for the low and some papers for your woes you can roll In the neighborhood package store, mixing the good with the bad Which flavors of life's labor have you had? In the neighborhood package store, don't need directions for the gun shop It's on the same block of the neighborhood package store [Big K.R.I.T.] Click clack 'gainst my head went a Glock from a hoodlum on the block, whispered to me, what you got? You'll get shot if you refuse to come up off that What made you floss that outside the package store? You know we out here like wolves searching for antelope lambs and sheep, prey on weak Don't you reach under your seat, I'll bust your head like cantaloupe Then I replied, out for a nightcap Didn't bring my tool with me cause I assumed that I'd be right back Shawty said the neighborhood was cool and it wasn't like that But here you are with a loaded gun and I'll be damned if I'm gon' fight back So he went on to loosen up on the aggression and proceeded to lecture me on the troubles of recession And ain't that many jobs out chere hiring convicted felons So instead of buying what he want, he taking what they selling Then bailing into the darkness, forever on the grind Addicted to the feeling of wine [Big K.R.I.T.] Gripping Golden Grain, flying like Thunderbirds Easy Jesus, watch your Crown while I swang and swerve Molotov bottle, alcohol Not a Tylenol could remove the kind of headache that a fall would cause in the streets, Don Julio my peeps Cuervo, chasing hoes, Captain Morgan with my feet Standing tall on 'em, till I rendezvous with Grey Goose Cool Gray, salty taste, almost threw up on my shoes Hypnotiq blues, Bloody Mary red Codeine purple seem to take me to the edge One more shot all I need just to hit the ledge Toss and turn, crash and burn just to crawl up in my bed Going to my head, seeing circles lately Tasting cream daily, I don't mean Bailey Vodka tried to kill me, but Seagram Gin saved me Been a customer, so why they play me? The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Big K.R.I.T. Album: 4evaNaDay Song: Temptation Typed by: newos_crib_is@hotmail.com [Chorus 2X] Yeah, I'm tryna turn this into something, turn this into something Yeah, I'm tryna turn this into something, turn this into something And we ain't tripping on the sun because the stars out Chrome wheels, candy paint, bring the broads out [Big K.R.I.T.] Yeah, I'm tryna turn this into something on the go Holler at my partner for some drank that I could po' Sipping, candy dripping while I'm tipping on them Vogues Horizontal, sideways, trunk might explode Headed to the spot where the strippers show me love cause they got them fire wings, and I love to grub Tryna get my mind off my bitch back at home Searching for a freaky bopper down to turn me on [Chorus 2X] [Big K.R.I.T.] Yeah, I'm tryna turn this into something for the night Gotta play it safe, drop my bait while she bite She sucking and she fucking well, that's just my type It's something bout that pussy when it's gushy under lights She claims she know my name and she seen me out in public Finally got the nerve to speak to me cause she been crushing Agreeing, and whatever that I tell her, she'll bust it I showed her what I'm bout, and turned her out soon as I touched it [Chorus 2X] [Big K.R.I.T.] Yeah, I'm tryna turn this into something cause she bout it Pimping put her in submission, she could never doubt it Stock legs, cornbread fed, she a stallion Drank in my tank, turn me up to a thousand Crank it to the max while she shake it from the back Claiming that she down, I'ma hit her with this 'Lac Told her, turn around, scrub the ground to the beat Sat that ass on my lap and whispered this to me [Chorus 2X: Big K.R.I.T. and female] [Outro] "Aye, what's good my lady?  Let me get down one more shot of Henny" "Come on now, you sure you need one more shot babe?" "Nah, I'ma be straight, I'm good man, I'm drinking  You know what I'm saying?" The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Big K.R.I.T. Album: 4evaNaDay Song: Handwriting Typed by: newos_crib_is@hotmail.com [Big K.R.I.T.] "Handwriting's on the wall..." Yeah, it's on the wall I'ma keep drinking till they toss me out this motherfucker man Excuse my tone of voice but today was just a bad day Label hit me about another single and said I ain't had play since Country Shit, hell they thought that was a regional record anyway But thank God for Bun B and Ludacris because they had faith that shit would take off and it did, guess I was too country to quit I make albums, not hits, these rich folk don't know about this But that's cool, I'm back to that K.R.I.T. Wuz Here Pray to God this was meant for me, a King to be, hoping my time was near Maybe I'm rapping in vain, maybe this wasn't my lane Maybe I'm hurting myself talking bout real life instead of the fame But how can I change? Shawty, I swear I think I'm wasting time On the phone with pops like, I just wanna save some lives I just wanna do some right with the ones I was dealt My pride might be my downfall, but I ain't asking for help I wear my heart on my sleeve, don't run into me cause it bleeds No disrespect to your craft, but I make my own beats Shit, the handwriting... "The handwriting's on the wall..." Man, the Hennessy do something to a nigga man, sometimes that shit... I just can't hold back, you feel me? First quarter got me like boiling water with soda in it Drop my project in the pot, watch it lock up like those in prison Gotta prove these wrong that don't see the vision Three nominations, number one on 106, hell, I forgot to mention Two free albums minus label support Fired my publicist cause I forgot what I was paying him for Drink till I'm barely conscious, call Jonny, tell him put Sha on three-way immediately cause I'm sick of being lied to and I'm waging war Then I'm going back to 'Sippi land and I'm quitting rapping Ain't that bad cause when I was po', hell, I was fairly happy Dealing with the critics and the comments got me tripping like my accent and my tone make it really hard to listen I was scarred, but I was driven before the politics came Lynching rapper and dropping albums, watching 'em hang I pushed mine back with fear that they might just do me the same Cause I rebel I might get shelved, but that's part of the game Hell, the handwriting... "The handwriting's on the wall..." Goddamn right, it's on the wall I take this shit serious you know, man this is my life It's all I've ever known, it's all I'll ever do and I promise to God I won't let nobody take it from me I did it for all of mine and all of yours Ten toes deep in the game I'm in, I'm bound to lose if I'm living in sin If I play to win, will I make it out? I'm tired of feeling my heart Lord, I just wanna scrape it out This the road less traveled, shit, I just gotta stay the route I hear the hate and all the betrayal, I just gotta phase it out with another shot, better chase it down with a glass of Crown Put that on my tab, yeah I'm doing bad cause music's all I've ever known, shit, all I've ever had Tryna say something, tryna do something, tryna be better Ain't much time left, I gotta make do, I can't live forever And that what makes me me, no smoke and no mirrors And I don't even wear Locs, so they can see me clear And you can say that I'm bitter, but tell me if I'm tripping They stick they noses up and talk down on Mississippi Imagine how you'd feel to know you work hard, and you educated and they treat you like you never made it The handwriting... "The handwriting's on the wall  Final curtain's about to fall  Just ain't no feeling left at all  The handwriting, the handwriting's on the wall" The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Big K.R.I.T. Album: 4evaNaDay Song: 5:04 AM Typed by: newos_crib_is@hotmail.com [Big K.R.I.T.] Time to rest your eyes now, I guess You've been running all day, you've been due for some rest Just ain't no need to strain in yo' brain any longer It's cool to dream those dreams that made you stronger Kept you fresh and on your toes Forever EQing the highs and lows, of today The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Big K.R.I.T. Album: 4evaNaDay Song: The Alarm Typed by: newos_crib_is@hotmail.com [Big K.R.I.T.] "Do you believe" yeah, they could call you the greatest? So you pay your bills, but you barely made it? "Do you believe" that it's all on your shoulders? And everything would seem clear if you stay sober? "Do you believe" that your heart is really in it when you know most of these folks ain't impressed with your vision? "Do you believe" that this pep talk will keep you in top form when so many fell off? "Do you believe" that the world feels your pain? It's kill or be killed, can you keep what you claim? "Do you believe" that you really can sustain this lifestyle, SkyMiles, balling in the chains? "Do you believe" that these niggas really fuck with you? When you hit rock bottom, look how many stuck with you "Do you believe" that the Devil's all around? If he knocking at your door, have strength to turn him down "Do you believe" they can barely hear the real shit? In a world of fantasies, can you be a realist? "Do you believe" that the government concealing their true intentions? Apprehending those that won't be pillaged? "Do you believe" that doing right will make you richer? And just because you paid, these white folks still won't call you nigger? "Do you believe" that you can sacrifice it all when the ball's in your court and your time has been called? "Do you believe" that God will forgive you for those times that you didn't let him steer you? "Do you believe" for those times that you up and lost faith cause you swore he couldn't hear you and nothing ever changed? "Do you believe" that screaming out his name when you lost your best friend is what really helped the pain? "Do you believe" that you never loved fame and you wouldn't miss a dime if you lost it all today? WAKE UP~! *5X* The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Big K.R.I.T. Album: 4evaNaDay (Road Less Traveled Edition) EP * Song: Man on Fire Typed by: newos_crib_is@hotmail.com * originally released on the compilation "XXL: 2011's Freshman Class: The Mixtape" [Big K.R.I.T.] They praying that I fall off, well motherfuck 'em These hoes come and go shawty, but I don't love 'em Yeah all I ever had was God, and a pistol My grandma ain't around the home, I swear I miss her The world at my front door, is how I feel I'm having nightmares of dying, I swear it's real I'm scarred from a life of horror, when will I heal? I drink a bottle every day, that's how I deal It's a blessing I saw twenty-four, ain't that the truth The police never give a pass, they run and shoot They killing all my lil' niggas, pray for the youth I'm thinking bout retaliation, pray for me too I'm living on the edge, watching for a sign If tomorrow never comes, I'm running out of time Looking in the mirror, waiting for a change Tired of the pain, wondering will it rain I'm a man on fire *4X* [Big K.R.I.T.] I'm tired of being broke, but how can I do better? Yeah my partner hollering go, and never ever let up Push the pedal to the metal, trying not to crash Them law's right behind me, tell 'em kiss my ass Burdens on my shoulders, gotta pay the bills Roaches in my kitchen, eyes full of tears Get it while it's good, get it how you live Yeah I lost a couple friends, but that's just how it is Never trust a soul, cause everybody selling Never speak your business, cause everybody telling Be careful when you shine, cause most niggas jealous It's death before dishonor, never fold under pressure [Big K.R.I.T.] Lord, haters everywhere, the price of being famous I'm tryna get to Heaven, and kick it with the angels Been putting in the work, down to do some dirt God knows my heart, cause I ain't in the church Cause every day's a struggle, don't ever leave the storm What happened to the world? 2000 and beyond Your baby's having babies, niggas down to kill Yeah I'm afraid to die, but I ain't happy here The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Big K.R.I.T. Album: 4evaNaDay Song: Insomnia Typed by: newos_crib_is@hotmail.com It's late, but I'm out on the creep Been a while since I heard you speak Hard to rest when I've been on this road All I want is you next to me cause you help me sleep, you help me sleep You help me sleep, you help me sleep shawty Yeah, I swear it bout four in the morning and I'm out chere on it Tryna fall through just to fuck with you Well, that's if you're home cause you help me sleep, you help me sleep You help me sleep, you help me sleep shawty [Big K.R.I.T.] Getting harder and harder to relax, can't rest my back I gotta be on my Ps and my Qs when I roll with this tool in this old school 'Lac cause niggas try to jack nowadays in the hood, those broke niggas up to no good Keep a cup full of drank and I'm filling my tank, plus I rolled up some of that umph Stick-icky, sour, Jolly Rancher candy Make the bottom of my cup sweet as your punani, well I'm just joking shawty I talk about pussy a lot and getting money when I get unfocussed shawty cause I'm dealing with the pain of the game and it's getting harder to keep coping shawty Cause I can't save the world and I showed that, so I hold back from doing what I can to be a better man, forgetting you know that So we fuss and fight when I'm gone, wasn't right with my wrongs Almost there, won't be long, don't fall asleep on the phone [Big K.R.I.T.] Tell me what you got on, send a pic to my phone I've been out all day tryna make a way for you, hell yeah I'm in the zone just to eat you out, tell me what that peach about Feeling good, feeling great when I pull off your lace and ease it in and ease it out and ease it in again, I got to get home Yeah I been drinking, don't be acting like it don't feel the same, I hear it in your tone Yeah I was wrong for earlier, but baby girl I'm on the way So keep playing with yourself cause I'm making that left, I'm at the gate Buzz me in, meet me at the door Body soaking wet, panties on the floor Yeah I got that, rock that, beat it till it's sore when I knock that, chop that up When you suck, better sop that up, don't run when it's deep, better prop that up *sex interlude* The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Big K.R.I.T. Album: 4evaNaDay (Road Less Traveled Edition) EP Song: Sideline Typed by: newos_crib_is@hotmail.com I can't play the sideline with all my folk in the stands Giving up just ain't a part of the plan I can't play the sideline while they still cheer Yeah I've been down, but I'm still here I can't play the sideline Yeah I can deal with the pain cause you ain't winning 'less they hollering your name I can't play the sideline So put me in coach I swear to God, that's all I got to live for [Big K.R.I.T.] On my first rep tryna max out Lifting burdens, being worried till I pass out Jumping hurdles, running laps just for scraps in this rat race Lord knows I'm tired, never stop, gotta keep pace Read my playbook, lay my head down Caught a sprain, ice buckets by my bed now Felt an impact like a truck hit me full contact No pads, Lord come get me, I'm down I can feel it in my soul This my last chance to shine, but they know I'm getting old Hard to move on, my legs ain't been the same since I took a fall from greatness, now I'm knowing when it rains On my homecoming, see my folks smiling, coach by the do' I'm the GOAT, but I really need to hold something One more dime, I'll be fine Yeah I'm the best in my prime, but what about now? [Big K.R.I.T.] On the second set, got to do this for myself When the ball's in my court can't depend on no one else This a long shot, but I trained all my life Broke some bone, cried some tears just so I could get it right When it's time, hit the gym tryna win On the off-season doing what I can, but I'm running out of time Got a partner going through it cause his bills still due and he ain't started since the moment that he signed Physical training and all Rehabilitation the cause of shuck and jiving on hard turf Ain't no complaining at all when they overturning your call This is life, and yes it's hard work We out here fighting like dogs in every man backyard Tryna get what was lost reimbursed Just to be ghost on the wall Give it my all till they hang up my shirt Artist: Big K.R.I.T. Album: Live from the Underground Song: LFU300MA (Intro) Typed by: newos_crib_is@hotmail.com "Do not be alarmed, you have activated a pre-recording  This is LFU300MA  To hear clearly, adjust volume to maximum velocity  Thank you, and enjoy" [Big K.R.I.T.] Back one mo' again for all them players Natural women and mind frame elevators Ten toes down with this experimental south sound Dope up the lines enough to go around and around and around this world thrice over Ain't nothing new under the sun, back in '05 I tried to told ya We here '4evaNaDay' Can't go back with this one way ticket to where the grass is much greener Putting in work for my redeemer Yeah, that's the most high I ain't talking bout blunts rolled More like saved souls and warm welcomes at front doors Don't let your problems weigh you down Don't let them burdens slow yo' pace The quickest way from A to Z is straight on that narrow path, a road less traveled So free yo' mind and be one with time cause that's all that matters Not all that riffraff or random chit-chatter Haters scatter like jacks do Don't drop the ball unless you can pick up all the weight that a winner has to Don't let the struggle outlast you even if society outcasts you Stand strong in your belief The mountain top ain't hard to see when you let God and let be Live from the Underground The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Big K.R.I.T. Album: Live from the Underground Song: Live from the Underground Typed by: newos_crib_is@hotmail.com Pushing rhymes underground like moonshine with jump like juke joints, ride like old 'Lacs Down like four flats, shine like gold grills Curls and chrome rims, bitch, you know what it is, I'm Live from the underground, underground Live from the underground, underground Underground, underground Live from the underground railroad [Big K.R.I.T.] My poppa told me get paper, motherfuck a hater Them Js look clean son, but elevate to gators I took that shit to heart, plus I dug it like a crater I'm giving out game player, are there any takers? While you was quarter sacking, I was quarterbacking Calling plays every day, level All-Madden High five, cloud nine, private jet lacking Treat the seal like a vinyl record, gotta keep it cracking Shall I pour up? Blow some smoke up, get my spit on Grab a paper, sit on a track and get my shit on Ice cold water with the flow minus the lemon I'm Cinematic Multi, what label you been on? Old school ride, flicking ashes in the tray Smoking up the booth, blowing static in they face C.R.E.A.M., cash rules everything around me King, checker board nigga, go and crown me [Big K.R.I.T.] Keep it rolled, I'm supposed to lose control Oh no, pop the trunk, burn a skunk and slam a do', do', do' Window crack on the ave, marinate the scene When I lean and crawl, couldn't see me with your high beams Play my part, I got heart, I'm tailor gator sharp Plus we sit taller than monster trucks in them trailer parks Ride candy coated, it cost a grip, but I had to blow it Insides was rusty, my seats is bucket, but you'll never know it Forever tinted, so you can't peep while your bitch up in it You call her phone, she give you tone like, why you tripping? Cold blooded ain't it, but that's how it be when they want that cash When you ain't around, anybody could be in that ass Heard that from 8Ball homeboy girlfriend If she a bopper, then she probably ain't your girl then You claim you pimping, don't be tricking, wear a curl then And find some paint to throw some swirls in [Outro - repeat to end] We going live, from the underground From the underground From the underground The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Big K.R.I.T. Album: Live from the Underground Song: Cool 2 Be Southern Typed by: newos_crib_is@hotmail.com [Big K.R.I.T.] We make it cool to be southern *5X* OK, I'm straight up off my grandmama porch Hollywood never, I took the southernized approach Collard green pockets, but I southern-fried the flow Candied yam drop with some cornbread to throw Play some John Frank shit, keep the dank lit We swang whips, old schools like my paw-paw, you can't get Now which motherfuckers said that we can't pimp? I hit bitches like switches 'fore the paint flip I can't be faded, the heart of a King, born in the 1980s For real, you never seen a nigga like me lately Debonair, never scared, Fred Astaire when I carry a cadence Refrain from being lame hoe I got a surefire way to give the game what it came fo' A third coast nigga still busting, stop fronting motherfucker We make it cool to be southern I'm talking bout the dirty south Folks with the grills in mouth We make it cool to be southern Everybody wanna ball nowadays But don't nobody wanna get paid We make it cool to be southern Get down if you wanna Crack a seal, blow on some marijuana We make it cool to be southern Return of 4Eva all day Them country people feel what I say We make it cool to be southern [Big K.R.I.T.] Now let me take you down this country road, country flow Country folk, country-fied, twenty-fo's on the Caddy, type savvy My player ways never fade, I got 'em from my granddaddy Old school, so smooth, the type of fresh that you could comb through or you could cut it with a butter knife and spread it on the brain of a dame for some change But that's only if you cut it right Off top, my drop, rims chop, no cops, drink pop Lord knows I ain't seen it with my green lit, grain grip, bad bitch on my tip And when she tell me, Lord knows she mean it, I been this way since I was knee high to a grasshopper, getting moneys in my Levi's I mean my genes, Pine-Sol clean Bird's eye view with my frame on lean [Big K.R.I.T.] Get down, get down, get down with it Get down, get down, get down with it Get down, get down, get down with it Get down, get down, get down with it I'm talking bout the dirty south Folks with the grills in mouth I make it cool to be southern Return of 4Eva all day Them country people feel what I say The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Big K.R.I.T. Album: Live From the Underground Song: I Got This Typed by: newos_crib_is@hotmail.com I got this here, I got this here, nigga I got this here I got this here, I got this here, nigga I got this here I got this here, I got this here, nigga I got this here Big fat yard with a house on the hill Old school whip with some big ass rims I got this here Fuck these haters, fuck these hoes {*8X*} [Big K.R.I.T.] Sometimes you gotta talk to 'em This ain't even rapping what I'm finna do, let go Well I suppose niggas gon' hate on me, well that's cool I got shows, getting money I can barely fold cause that's what I do And ain't nobody gon' pimp K-R-I-T, yeah that's how I feel And them diamonds niggas always rhyming bout, it's against my will And ain't nobody gon' check none of me or mine, in God I trust If you think I'm out here tricking on these hoes, you got me fucked up And ain't no playing in the South, turn a bad bitch out when I grab my pipes Y'all niggas think this shit came oh so easy, it wasn't over night, but [Big K.R.I.T.] Now I supposed I'm doing quite alright, ever since I blew Never worry about me and don't worry about mine player, worry about you And ain't nobody gon' block my shine today, with the roof gone I got a top notch bitch, you need something like this, but you gotta get your own And ain't nobody gon' wreck this hard, when I'm traveling down the boulevard Now they hollering out, oh my God, cause they never seen rims this large That's country shit, well that's cool cause I'm country, bitch I never turn my back, I burn on wax and stack my cash till I'm country rich, cause [Big K.R.I.T. - singing] (I got this here, I got this here) Chevys on that chrome Live and in my zone, till a player gone (I got this here, I got this here) Doing how I feel Doors open for hoes, haters in my grill (I got this here, I got this here) Diamond in the back Slamming on these doors, trunk beat till it crack (I got this here, I got this here) Get it how I live Smoking on that good, cracking on my seal The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Big K.R.I.T. f/ 2 Chainz, 8Ball & MJG Album: Live From the Underground Song: Money on the Floor Typed by: newos_crib_is@hotmail.com [Big K.R.I.T.] Is it me or is it something bout a car that makes a bad bitch get freaky and fuck like porno stars? Or maybe it was that chrome that keep a bopper in the zone But either way, she hit my phone like she can't leave me 'lone and then that just keep happening, blame it on all this rapping shit Ten out of ten, she down to fuck, that's just what my average is Slab and chassis lavishly, with cabin digi-dash in it, I'm an advocate Chromed-out wheels, if you hop in here you might jet lag a bit I'm passionate bout everything that I want, I do what it do and y'all don't I put the whole world in my trunk, let it bump Check the stars out when I ride, dodging potholes with these tires Hopping lanes, swang and bang in a 'Stang, so let me by cause I got [Chorus 2X: screwed vocals] Money-money on the floor, lighters-lighters on the dresser Drop-drop my top, no one can do it better Diamonds-diamonds in the leather, wood-wood in the chrome Bopping-bopping ass hoes just won't leave me alone [8Ball] Look, she call me Big Baby, I got my Guccis on Black on black, head to toe, smelling like Prada cologne Feeling like big pimping, inhale, exhale Good green, thick lean, give them bitches X pills Cocaine make 'em get so loose on them tequila shots Every time I do it I regret it, the bitch just can't stop Now she's dancing on the table, skirt done went up to her navel Niggas throwing money at her, shit, I can't be mad at her [MJG] Bring the girl to me then I'ma bless her, yessir Twenty-five lighters on my dresser, yessir My bitch on the block with some money on her mind A pistol in her purse and a heart full of grind I'm Pimp Tight MJ'! Drop my top, light that 'dro Hand on the wood with the pedal on the flo' Forever getting dough and I'm clever on a hoe I'm still getting Feddi mayne, never be a scary mayne My DNA is all Ike Turner, Eddie King [Chorus 2X] [2 Chainz] 2 Chainz~! Twenty-five lighters (lighters), twenty-five ciphers Went to jail and shared a cell with a twenty-five to lifer (damn) Stayed at my grandma house with twenty-five Bibles (true) Stayed in the trap house with like twenty-five rifles (blahh~!) Drop my top and I dip, dip, dip But if I pop my trunk you better duck, don't slip Chrome lips on the vehicle look like they blowing kisses Re-reel them hoes in, it look like I'm going fishing Okay this how I ride, two bad hoes inside One hoe say she ready, the other hoe say she tired I'ma drop this other hoe off, me and the other hoe, we gon' ride All jokes aside, I'm the get money poster child [Chorus 2X] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Big K.R.I.T. f/ Ludacris Album: Live from the Underground Song: What U Mean Typed by: newos_crib_is@hotmail.com [Chorus: Big K.R.I.T.] What you mean you ain't nasty? Why the fuck you came? Why the fuck you came? Why the-why the fuck you came? What you mean you ain't nasty? Why the fuck you came? Don't you see the grill, candy on the frame? What you mean you ain't nasty? Why the fuck you came? Why the fuck you came? Why the-why the fuck you came? What you mean you ain't nasty? Why the fuck you came? Don't be pushing on my buttons, wait a minute motherfucker [Big K.R.I.T.] Bout time niggas seen the real Old school car with the grill Candy doors, valet can't help you up out it Top fell off and ain't shit I could do about it Ride clean, every day's a holiday Getting paid, every day's a bottle day And you ain't seen a pimp until you seen me on the corner Last time your bitch chose me, but I ain't want her Get money, motherfuck fame Tryna break a hoe and make change If you knew me from the ribbit, then you knew that I was tipping You's a motherfucking liar if I ain't repping Mississippi What you know about it? Krizzle still cold on 'em My gift of gab came with a bow on it So if you riding and you down for the smashing So what you mean, what you mean, what you mean? [Big K.R.I.T.] Don't you wanna rest off in this glass house? If I let you ride, set that ass out Don't play me like no trick, that shit's so overrated All this super bassing, woofer quaking got you motivated Haters screaming favors never stopped me Su-su-sucker motherfuckers never blocked me Popping trunk, dropping top as I beat the bass If you don't know what K.R.I.T. mean by now, then bitch you super late Po-po-pour another four up to recuperate If pimping is a Bloodsport, I kick it like a Kumite Working boppers on the field like it's two-a-day Three-a-day, four-a-day, any day a pro say Shake it for a player, let me see it If you looking for a southern country bumpkin, let me be it You say you riding and you down for the smashing So what you mean, what you mean, what you mean? [Ludacris] Luda~! I knew a bitch named Mandy, she was a pink toe She had a lisp, so I asked her could she deep throat? Said she'd never done it, she said she'd never tried She's sitting there telling a motherfucking lie I said baby don't you worry, just get down on your knees cause some warm head will turn me up a couple degrees So just throw your lips around this anaconda and squeeze and you'll keep a nigga harder than some government cheese I say all women are freaks, they just need an excuse Pretending they all tight when these bitches is loose That's why I stay strapped up when I'm knocking the boots and love that military pussy, I just need some recruits (troops, a-ten-hut!)  Salute a pimp, yeah it's Luda-pimp Bad bitches join my team, ugly hoes exempt After midnight don't play no motherfucking games cause if you do, all you gon' hear me say is The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Big K.R.I.T. Album: Live from the Underground Song: My Sub (Pt. 2: The Jackin') Typed by: newos_crib_is@hotmail.com I still got my sub hoe (hoe) *6X* I still let my trunk knock till the tape pop My rims chop-chop while my bass knock (Nigga what?) I done cut up my bang, and I shook up the stars (nigga what?) *4X* [Big K.R.I.T.] Young Krizzle, I'm back again, old school when I'm backing out Country boy still rep that, rep that, hit the bass and I'm acting out on the ave with a bad bitch stacking clout, show a pimp what that ass about In the parking lot deep while the whole world sleep, pouring out Hennessy till I'm passing out Gotta keep my eyes open, plus I heard that five scoping for the car with the big ass sub and the top chopped off, so I drive slowly Swang and bang in the backwood like a 'Lac should with the lights bright, windows tinted Stopped at the gas station for a bag of chips, a fountain drink and some peppermints just to freshen up, shawty say she down to fuck But we gotta make a move cause it's after two and her man just the type to buck and she frightened of him But I ain't though, now she wonder what she came fo' But I ain't tripping no place, I ain't even gon' flip over another nigga' bitch, move onto the next one [Big K.R.I.T.] I still got my sub hoe, jamming on that drug flow King Kong in my trunk, in a fight with my thump, better let my sub go Shawty in the front seat proceed to get high as fuck, she ain't worried bout her man no mo' Hell, he don't know how to treat his hoe, that nigga never ever slammed no do's I thought I saw some light, but I'm tripping, I gotta bust this right 'fore I miss it I hit the Super 8 because it's super late and she know the way and I dig it All in my ear, have no fear, say she wanna fuck with me, well I told her that's all good while she grip my wood, but a pimp don't fuck for free (boy, stop) She laughed and answered her phone, I swear it's three in the morn' Like who could that be? She looked at me like, he won't leave me alone Well that's a damn shame, he don't know my name and I don't got no ties wit' yo folk Let's just get this room and do what we do, and be up out this thang around fo' [Big K.R.I.T.] I still got my sub hoe [Interlude: Big K.R.I.T.] + (female) + {jacker} Yo, aye shawty, just uh, lock my do' when you get out (Alright baby, I got you) Aye Wally, what's good boy? "Aye, what's good boy?" (You always on this phone) Well I'm at this Super 8 right across the street from where you live at boy "What it is mayne" Yeah mayne, this shit bout to go down, shawty bad as fuck "Aye man, just be careful out there mayne" Yeah I'ma play it safe man, don't worry bout it mayne, for real, I got you, yeah Aye, aye, hold on {Boom motherfucker!} (I thought y'all say y'all wasn't gon' hurt him) {Bitch, shut the fuck up  Open the trunk, let's get this motherfucker's sub...  I ain't tripping on none of that shit man, fuck that bitch too} [Big K.R.I.T. - singing] Last night my DJ saved my life *4X* My life, my life The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Big K.R.I.T. Album: Live from the Underground Song: Don't Let Me Down Typed by: newos_crib_is@hotmail.com [Intro: Big K.R.I.T.] Yeah, see, they wonder why we ride high, why we get high Shit, it's just to get by See some days, sometimes, this world lets you down And you can't do nothing but fall, so I'm hollering out Don't let me down (don't let me down) Don't let me down (don't let me down) Don't let me down (don't let me down) Don't let me down (uh-uh-uh-uh-uh-uh-ohhh) Don't let me down [Big K.R.I.T.] See we've been going through some thangs Police hit the block and make it hard for us to hang My girl bitch cause all I ever do is swang and bang Pouring up, I swear my liver'll never be the same A pint of Hen'll get me in and help to ease the pain The world fucked up and I can't seem to leave the game So I continue bending corners, bitches switching lanes Ain't tripping on the sun, sometimes I'd rather feel the rain Get high to maintain, so don't let me down [Big K.R.I.T.] I made some plays that I regret, but that's just how it be I lost some friends, fucked up some money, but stayed on my feet I did all I could in my city, so I had to bounce I signed my deal and got more haters than I care to count But I can't fault them for their feelings, cause I know the score It's hard to celebrate for others when you're dying poor So I keep rolling low-key, dolo, trying not to stunt I crank my system till it's clipping, then I let it thump Put all my problems in my cup while I grip the wheel There's too much money to be had, I ain't sitting still A country boy trying to make these petty ends meet I learned my lesson, can't trust niggas cause they envy Can't stop no show, I'm bout this dough, and that's all I can say Thank God for everything, I could have died like yesterday Make room for me in case my plane just ain't meant to fly I hope you there if I fall from the sky, hollering out don't let me down The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Big K.R.I.T. f/ Anthony Hamilton Album: Live from the Underground Song: Porchlight Typed by: newos_crib_is@hotmail.com [Big K.R.I.T.] Yeah, baby leave the porch light on Baby leave the porch light on Baby leave the porch light on I can feel your pain through the phone I promise not to stay too long So leave the porch light on I gotta get it while the getting good, get outside the hood I'm tired of the landlord tripping on us My partner said he got a play, heard it worked the other day I'll been home late because I'm bending corners Don't worry, hit me via text, ain't no need to stress Gotta make some moves, I hate to leave you home lonely I know just how it be when you in between the sheets While I'm in the streets, think I need to feel homely Lord knows I'm out chere on the grind Maybe one day we can shine, ain't no telling when I'm coming home Remember that you said that pussy mine, any time Well meet me at the door with no panties on And don't be mad, playing hard to get cause you could cum till your heart content Yeah, I can feel your pain through the phone I promise not to stay too long, so leave the porch light on [Chorus: Anthony Hamilton] I'm coming home, baby it won't be long I know you looking fine, slide up behind ya Say something good to you, it won't be long I'm coming home, coming home nice and strong I wanna see them eyes when I surprise ya I promise I won't stay too long, so leave the porch light on [Big K.R.I.T.] Back out on the road again Different city, in the studio working on the flow again I really want to talk on the phone But shawty I gotta finish this song, it won't be long until we presidential suite, vaca'ing on the beach, Waikiki'ing for a week Diamond in the back, leather on the seats Louie on your frame, red bottoms on your feet I mean the money can't change how you feel right now Even harder cause you bother once the sun goes down Wondering where I'm going after shows and such Don't be listening to your friends cause they talk too much They don't know just what we going through to make it right I pray you understand this ain't overnight I'll be on the next flight on my way back home I promise I won't stay too long, so leave the porch light on [Anthony Hamilton] + (Big K.R.I.T.) I won't take too long baby I'm on my way baby (baby leave the porch light on) Coming home I wanna love you, oh-oh-ohhh (baby leave the porch light on) You know I'm on my way (baby leave the porch light on) I can't stay away too long Yeahhh [Anthony Hamilton] I won't wait too long baby Why don't you go on and flick that light on? Now won't ya see me stepping up to the door when I'm getting closer, closer baby, yeah The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Big K.R.I.T. f/ Big Sant, Bun B Album: Live from the Underground Song: Pull Up Typed by: newos_crib_is@hotmail.com [Chorus 2X: Big K.R.I.T.] When I pull up, it's over, I pull up, it's over When I pull up, it's over, I pull up, it's over When I pull up, it's over, I pull up, it's over Better cuff your chick, this shit here legit, bitch [Big K.R.I.T.] Five in the morning, riding yawning, can't turn my beat up On the way to a bopper with a crib that I can kick my feet up See the candy was shining, freshly priming, first time I seen her Now she wanna ride high with her head in the sky and look down on all her people Ain't it crazy how pavement be cracking when I'm slabbing them Vogues? Hoes go to jump in and can't find the handles on my doors So much twerking and working in here, I should install a pole for them strippers that love to suck and fuck and get-get down on the floor Transformers can't with this, not the way my doors flip Skyscraper tall when I creep and crawl, is that K.R.I.T. or a solar eclipse? Rise of the apes in my trunk when my chariot swang down Make the broke catch ghost like the Rapture approaching when my old school come around [Chorus 2X] [Big Sant] Say bitch, I pulled up on the curb, straight peeled off wit' yo' girl Say she wanna ride with a pimp, wanna get that dick that she deserves Say my back seat softer than a pillow top, paint so wet that it hit the spot And I'ma quench your thirst, that little nigga should have did it first You was holding hands and I was in her purse, I'm getting throwed up under city lights She right side checking lipstick, tryna make sure that her titties right We in the parking lot with the trunk open and sipping Standing outside the whip with the woodgrain wheel like it's 1996 Yeah trick, I'm 'Ridin' Dirty', Big Sant bitch, I know you heard me Tryna get the 'Lac with the eighty-fo's, tag just gon' say beg for mercy I just swerve and swang and bang it, beware cause a hoe might leave you hanging Better let 'em know I'm forever holding, kicking doors open, pay what you owe me, I told 'em [Chorus 2X] [Bun B] See pimping is what pimping is, and macking do what it feel like Drip the drape with that chunky stitching, and fo's and Vogues so I peel right Candy paint on that body mayne, chrome the grill and that woman Them belts and buck's and fifth wheel on the trunk, you'll hear me knock when I'm coming That bass so hard that it's numbing, that chrome so shiny it's blinding Them seats so soft that I'm sinking in 'em, so it's no need to recline 'em I drop the top and you see me, got different shit on each TV Got one with Sopranos and one with The Wire, the one up front is Boardwalk Empire Woodgrain wheel so goddamn new that sap come out when I grip it I represent for that P.A.T. and that H, so hoe I'm still tipping I chunk the deuce when I flip it, for my city I put on R.I.P. to the Pimp, this UGK for life for real, and I'm gone [Chorus 2X] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Big K.R.I.T. Album: Live from the Underground Song: Yeah Dats Me Typed by: newos_crib_is@hotmail.com [Chorus 2X] Yeah dats me, yeah dat, yeah dat, yeah dats me, yeah dats me Yeah dats me, yeah dat, yeah dat, yeah dats me, yeah dats me Yeah dats me, yeah dat, yeah dat, yeah dats me, yeah dats me Who dat getting money? Aye, who dat getting money shawty? [Big K.R.I.T.] OK, I wake up fresh, get up fly, drape myself, pimp my ride Hit that slab, throw some dough when making shawty get down on the floor I'ma have to show my ass, ride on glass, pump my brakes, then I'm mad Pop my trunk, then I flash, a nigga wanna try to act bad We don't really play no games, fuck with lames, trick on hoes, that won't change Caught my lane, swang and swerve, I gotta watch out for the curb He don't really play that, play that, yeah! He ain't bout that, bout that, no! Then don't come round, come round, here! Cause we'll let them, let them, go! Like [Chorus 2X] [Big K.R.I.T.] OK, I jump out fresh, shine all day, rep my hood, rep my state Spot a little bad chick around my way and holler out let's get paid Always been about my grind, bout my bread, don't like haters and I don't like Feds Don't like shawties that tease all day like they won't give a real nigga head Peep this game as I get this dough, throw it in the air when you hit this flo' Yeah that's me sitting on chrome feet, made it when you couldn't see when I crept up slow Watch yo' head when I open my do', grab yo' parachute, then let's go Dark in the club with a pimp on glow, everybody saw me take yo' hoe, like [Chorus 2X] [Big K.R.I.T.] + (female) Aye, balling, crawling, slamming doors, yeah dats me, yeah dats me Be a pimp tight player like I'm supposed, yeah dats me, yeah dats me Cause my trunk on slam and my wrist on glow, yeah dats me, yeah dats me Aye, who dat getting money? Aye, who dat getting money shawty? (I'm like, show me where them dollars at, yeah dats me, yeah dats me  Ski mask, leave with shopping bag, yeah dats me, yeah dats me  You ain't spending? Then don't holler back, yeah dats me, yeah dats me) Who dat getting money? Aye, who dat getting money shawty? [Chorus 2X] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Big K.R.I.T. f/ Devin the Dude Album: Live from the Underground Song: Hydroplaning Typed by: newos_crib_is@hotmail.com [Big K.R.I.T.] Yeah, I remember feeling like this [Chorus: Big K.R.I.T.] I'm hydroplaning - it's been a long time since I've felt this way Since I've, since I've felt this way, since I've, since I've felt this way I'm hydroplaning - it's been a long time since I've felt this way Since I've felt this way, since I've, since I've felt this way I'm hydroplaning - it's been a long time since I've felt this way Since I've felt this way, since I've, since I've felt this way I'm hydroplaning - it's been a long time since I've felt this way Mix the drank with the dank, got me, got me, got me... I'm hydroplaning [Big K.R.I.T.] Thunder cracking, another day to be chilling Nothing to do but roll up and pour up, and catch that feeling I had back when I was younger, used to bum from my partner's uncle Had that smoke that smelled like dumpster Something missing, I'm way too high to talk my pimping So I sip my Remy, that's when I first got tunnel vision Yeah I saw it clearly, sunshine never shine like this When I was sober off in the yo, I'd never rhyme like this I think I'm tripping, no, I'm high, no, I'm throwed Well all I know is that my world is super slow I like this better, light as a feather, too fly to land Too throwed to drive in this weather I'm hydroplaning [Big K.R.I.T.] It's getting harder to explain the way I feel when I'm zoned High as fuck, money stuck, so don't call my phone See I was young when I was tipping, but I wasn't tripping though Perfect combination of elevation had me tipping slow Fall asleep while we ride, cloud surf to my house I never knew the strength of the drink until I melt away in my couch and dream about the things I never had and all the places I couldn't go Try to play it cool around my folk, but I'm fucked up on the low Eyes bloodshot red, can't get to my bed Cup of lean in my stomach, ounce of smoke in my head I ain't been this way in a while, it's cool, I need to relieve the stress With all the worries of this life, I blew it out my chest I'm hydroplaning [Devin the Dude] Yeaaaahhh, tryna hold on But I'm steady getting higher as the sweet meets the fire again Round ten, toe-to-toe with the green See me, I'm bobbing and weaving, but he's choking me and cheating mayne I'm tryna train my lungs to hang cause I'm gonna be smoking till kingdom come Sang the songs that chose to make people roll up the mota and feel good like they supposed ta Wanna stay grounded, but somehow gravity pulls me up Am I upside down? Man, what the fuck's going on mayne? Hydroplaning As I'm going up, not going insane but out of control, feel like it's out of my hands Let me grab a hold before I crash land Huh, because it's like I'm going crazy Hydroplaning I'm hydroplaning The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Big K.R.I.T. f/ Melanie Fiona Album: Live from the Underground Song: If I Fall Typed by: newos_crib_is@hotmail.com [Big K.R.I.T.] Yeah, will you uh, uh, uh-uh, catch me if I fall? Will you uh, uh, uh-uh, catch me if I fall? Will you uh, uh, uh-uh, catch me if I fall? Yeah, I gave my all Cheah, aye I'm a man so I stand on my own two I give a damn bout a hater and his whole crew No jump shot, so I'm selling crack To tell you the truth, I've been through Hell and back No food in the kitchen, so I'm scraping scraps Tightest nigga in the world can't afford to rap Now I'm on the hunt for a nigga to jack Soon as I get rich, that's where I'm giving it back It's cold out here, you gotta hold your own I never knew what pain was until I was grown I never missed my homeboy until he was gone But life goes on, so if I call [Chorus: Melanie Fiona] If I fall, by the river bed Would you save me, or leave for dead? All the blood I shed Think I'll just rest my head [Big K.R.I.T.] Cheah, ain't nothing easy bout the life I chose Wasn't much of a choice, just the life I know Smoking weed, drinking liquor just to kill time When I'm fucked up, the only time I feel fine Mama say I'm letting life go by As if I ain't grinding, as if I don't try But you can see in her eyes, she worry bout her baby Late night, scared a nigga might play me Police in the street, don't phase me Get it how you live, let 'em chase me Bills still due, yeah I can't stall And that ain't all, so if I call [Big K.R.I.T.] Cheah, I used to love her, I used to hold her She made me promise I'd never let her go She made me smile, could have had my child I held her tight like I've never held before But things change when you get older She started drinking cause I ain't sober That's when I told her, be careful bout the friends you keep cause the ones you call friends ain't friends to me Now we don't see eye to eye The more I tell her the truth, the more she lies The more we shoot each other down, the more we die I think it's best that I say goodbye, so when I call The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Big K.R.I.T. Album: Live from the Underground Song: Rich Dad, Poor Dad Typed by: newos_crib_is@hotmail.com [Big K.R.I.T.] Remember a child's place is what I often heard while asking about the things that no adolescent could imagine Trying on the pants of a man that I had not yet become Hands too small to button the buttons my father often fastened while speaking on his dreams and ambitions Although I could never understand, there was comfort that I listened with mention to be better than him Yeah, be a better man in a world of negligence Pedophilic meddling, son, don't trust your reverend When they settling for settlements Lock your doors, shut your windows, don't let the Devil in The media graffiti ya with relishments Money, cars and clothes, I suppose what successful is They say sow your oats, it's natural to experiment But don't suck and fuck and run amok, be celibate Only fourteen when I first cut I wasn't her first, I had to strap up And thank God for them condoms that my papa gave me cause a convo bout birds and bees wouldn't save me from a child I couldn't shoulder, pushing in a stroller down the streets of 3-0-B while all my homies ask to hold him Proceed to play ball, when he cried they can't console him I truly wasn't ready for kids, that's what he told me I had a rich dad, poor dad *4X* [Big K.R.I.T.] Son... never in a sense of money spent Christmas trees are beautiful without presents up under them Lead by example, don't get caught up in the rapture Life is just a raffle, mostly pain, but some laughter The older that you get it's even harder to believe No superheroes on TV you used to see Remember that I told you slow down, control your speed The more you walk with God, the harder it is to scrape your knee I remember when I fell from my first bike There were no 'are you OK?'s and rarely 'are you alright?'s Just dirt in my pockets, handful of gravel That's when I realized that getting up is only half the battle The fear of falling off will haunt me well into my teens The moment that the world took a shit upon my dreams Cause money is the root, and love is all we had In fact I'm glad I had a rich dad, poor dad The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Big K.R.I.T. f/ B.B. King Album: Live from the Underground Song: Praying Man Typed by: newos_crib_is@hotmail.com [Chorus: B.B. King] Guess I was on the road Didn't know which way to go I think I hear a praying man coming A praying man coming Sometimes I couldn't read the signs My people done left me behind I think I hear a praying man coming, hmm-mm I think I hear a praying man coming [Big K.R.I.T.] Stumbling along the path, he emerged from the grass Stopped at me and asked, why so sad? Perhaps because they'd taken what I had I'm sure it wasn't much to them, but it was all that I could grab I was on my way to church, I was running late at first But after all this riffraff here, I missed service and it hurts But what's worse, I'm not sure how long I've been swaying in the breeze Tired of talking to the trees and you the first praying man that I've seen I figured you'd lend a hand, but let's see if you got some time I'm glad you looked up because most people pay no mind He smiled and said, son, well I can do you one better He removed a pocket knife and cut me down from my oppressor, forever [Big K.R.I.T.] Boating along the sea, he emerged from the mist Asked me how I got far from the beach Cause they stripped me of my pride and put these shackles on my feet I was stacked on top of my folk and it was really hard to breathe It was a little hard to believe that I'd been caught up in this mess and some of my own people would sell me to my death It was a lot of us on the ride, and it was a lot of us that was lost But some of us couldn't take it, so some of us jumped off And I'm really glad you found me on your course I've been out chere for a while and there's no sign of the shore He smiled and said, son, well I can do you one better He lended me his hand and picked me up from my oppressor, forever [Big K.R.I.T.] Driving along the road He asked me what I was running from and where I was trying to go Well I was working in the field and one of my kinfolk just got killed and I knew they'd come for me, and Lord knows I wanna live See I heard there's people free, not that far, but far for me to be running from these dogs with no shoes up on my feet I heard of this railroad that ventures underground and takes my kind of people to a place that we can't be found And I've been wounded for some miles, so I decided to rest my head I guess they let me go cause they assumed that I was dead He smiled and said, son, hop in this wagon and get settled He offered me a ride and drove me far from my oppressor, forever The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Big K.R.I.T. f/ Ms. Linnie Album: Live from the Underground Song: Live from the Underground (Reprise) Typed by: newos_crib_is@hotmail.com [Chorus 1: Big K.R.I.T. - singing] I'm going live (forever and ever and ever) Ahhhh (forever and ever and ever) From the underground (from the underground) From the underground (from the underground) I'm going live (forever and ever and ever) Ahhhh (forever and ever and ever) From the underground (from the underground) From the underground (from the underground) [Big K.R.I.T. - singing] + {Ms. Linnie} When I'm gone (when I'm gone) Just be strong (just be strong) You're not alone {you're not alone} I'm going home {I'm going home} Carry on {carry on} Carry on {carry on} Carry on {carry on} Carry on {carry on} [Chorus 1] [Big K.R.I.T. - singing] All I can say... *hums* All I can say is... *hums* Yeah I know it's hard This world will let you down one day, down one day Just let down your guard I'll pick you up if you're round my way, if you're round my way Call my name Free your chains, a-ayyye Call my name Free your chains, a-ayyyyye... I gotta get a move on (I gotta get, I gotta get a move on) I gotta get a move on, yeah (I gotta get, I gotta get a move on) I gotta get a move on (I gotta get, I gotta get a move on) I gotta get a move on, yeah (I gotta get, I gotta get a move on) They say the train still coming, it won't be long Only good Lord knows my wrongs Trouble is the damn Devil won't leave me alone No time to waste, I gotta pay my dues Lord, my problems seem to come in twos All these miles I walked, I can't feel my shoes [Chorus 2: Big K.R.I.T. - singing] I'm going live, ahhhh From the underground From the underground I'm going live, ahhhh From the underground From the underground [Outro: K.R.I.T.'s grandmother] "Now this is my grandson Justin Scott  and thank you much for listening" The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Big K.R.I.T. f/ Miya Bailey Album: King Remembered In Time Song: Purpose Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com {*baby crying*} [Big K.R.I.T.] (I ain't no... simp) I was born in '86, despite the wolves and rats Survived the wild and returned with these bear furs on my back To feed the family, drink the wine, give thanks to God, and watch for signs The winter's cold but we was chose to rise above the darkened skies And, fight against what lied beneath, my feet are firmly on the ground Prepare my soul and grit my teeth, fight or flight, it's goin down What man amongst me says, that I ain't fit to wear my ather's crown A King of mine and mine alone, my blood line cain't be renounced Stand up and be counted for, raise your fist as glory speaks Heaven's what I'm dyin for, ,I swear the devil's at war with me I deal with life accordingly one day at a time And that kingdom we all searchin for, I pray one day we find So many have long and gone, so many got left behind But as time travels and Earth unravels, church bells still chime Planets still align, as angels watch over I break the chains they gave me and put these medals on my shoulders Cause I ain't no simp [Outro: Miya Bailey] You'll be different You'll find comfort in family Your power lies in your faith and beliefs What's a king without a crown? Or a kingdom to call his own? This is purpose {*guitar solo by Kirkbeats*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Big K.R.I.T. f/ Bun B Album: King Remembered In Time Song: Shine On Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com [Intro: Big K.R.I.T.] Back one mo' 'gin Multi 'til the sun die, UGK 4 Life Good Lord, Good Lord, it feels good to shine (SHINE) Let's go [Big K.R.I.T.] By the time you prob'ly heard this I was on another verse bitch  Diamonds in the back with curtains  Breakin hoes off, I never dose off at my post Never disrespect your host, or bite the hand that feed ya Cufflinks cold as Ebenezer, my momma prob'ly shoulda named me Caesar Cleaner than a Baptist preacher, that used to pimp Gator shoes don't make the man so, primp primp So keep on with that, like I won't whip back Around in that 'Lac 'Lac, that you done seen Don't wurry about this, I'm surrious about this If you know what I mean, shine on {"Shine on me..."} (Don't get me wrong) Yeah, yeah, we shinin on {"Shine on me..."} (It's way too strong) Yeah, yeah, yeah, we shinin on {"Shine on me..."} (Don't get me wrong) Good Lord they know it, we shinin on {"Shine on me..."} (Ain't nobody trippin cause the money already made) [Big K.R.I.T.] So lately I've been observin (dat right) A lot of these niggaz look nervous (dat right) Come on in, don't be ashamed Go an' steal some game from my sermon (Well..) Cause elevation to celebration, I preach that dere and that bullshit they've been servin y'all, I don't eat that dere Keep that plate, I got my own Don't test my patience, bitch I'm grown! It ain't much you can tell me granny ain't already told me ...and she wasn't wrong, yeah we that strong So fuck your umbrella, rainy weather, and all that shade If God ain't want me to shine, he NEVER woulda let me chop on blades So shine on [Bun B] They say man make money, money don't make the man  But it's a little bit of both Cause it'll take some change, for you to make some change (yep)  That ain't just some shit I wrote Man that's natural fact and not evolution My mind game still evolvin (hol' up) And I'ma keep on rollin like 24s' and this world just keep revolvin Good at problem solvin, cause I'm good at startin shit in first place And it feels so good to be where I'm at man  cause where I was was the worst place (uh) But times change, so I keep hustlin Boys tryna to make my time cease But I'm laid back with my dime piece (what) Shinin hard like my time piece and it's on [Bridge] Ain't no shinin, like we shinin  (Shine baby, shine baby)  Ain't no shinin, like we shinin  (Shine baby, I need you come on one more time and shine baby) Ain't no shinin, like we shinin  (Shine baby, shine baby)  Ain't no shinin, like we shinin  (Won't you shine baby, I need you do it like you do it)  Ain't no shinin, like we shinin  (Shine baby, shine baby)  Ain't no shinin, like we shinin  (Shine baby, one mo' time for all my folk an' 'em) Ain't no shinin, like we shinin  (Shine baby, shine baby)  Ain't no shinin, like we shinin, babe  (They can't stop me from shinin on my own) (SHINE) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Big K.R.I.T.  Album: King Remembered In Time Song: Talkin Bout Nothing Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com [Big K.R.I.T.] Ever since I was a young'n, up in my grandmomma house Watchin "The Mack", recitin it back, like, "Boy, whatchu talkin 'bout?" Droppin a switch, hittin a lick, tryna get rich, off in this bitch Droppin my top, I'm poppin my trunk, I'm whippin my wheel like I'm whippin my grits These niggaz ain't shit, these niggaz ain't real, these niggaz is frauds Most these haters been cuffin, crushin, lovin all on they broads So I pull up car, slam a do', break a hoe, down Run her throat 'til it's sore, pass that hoe 'round They say, "Hold up.. Damn K.R.I.T. that's fucked up!," I know it They say, "Hold up.. Damn, K.R.I.T. let's po' up," I fo' it I-I-I, I'm feelin good, feelin great, how are you? So much bass when I pop my tape, cain't feel my face, can you feel yours too? I +Got This+ here, I +Got This+ here, might have to chop that up Her pussy wet, she swab the dick, might have to mop that up She say, "What's haapnin? I'm tryna fuck", might have to prop that up Bop that up, cock that up, don't act all shocked, bitch slop that up I-I-I need that... I want that... I'm 'bout that... what's haapnin?  I seen that... I bought that... I own that... I'm snappin Y'all niggaz ain't talkin bout nothing! (Not a thang, not a-not a thang, hoe) Y'all niggaz ain't talkin bout nothing! (Not a thang, not a-not a thang, hoe) Y'all niggaz ain't talkin bout nothing! (Not a thang, not a-not a thang, hoe) Y'all niggaz ain't talkin bout nothing that I cain't do, that you done done that I ain't did [Big K.R.I.T.] Ain't nobody trippin on yo' hoe, ain't into that Ain't nobody trippin on yo' hoe, I give her back Cut her slack, let her go, cause she was in the V-I Ain't like I be askin fo' attention when I be out So much tip that I cain't see y'all stressin busses with they feet out If you ain't suckin or fuckin (well...) you should keep out Shoot the kind of bill, when they bus' it gotta be bi She ain't gotta beg, if she lookin I can see 'bout on they G-I, drop yo' t-top, haters tend to leave out The bottles servin, poppin, shawty look at all that we got Look at all that we on, tell them floaters be gone FUCK wutchu been talkin 'bout? The couch I put my feet on Ain't no love for these haters, ain't no love for these fakes (WHAT) I was born in the country, I ain't trippin on snake (WHAT) I was fishin for some bitches, all I ever had was bait If you thank you got a problem with it, tell it to my face BISH~!! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Big K.R.I.T.  Album: King Remembered In Time Song: King Without a Crown Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com Forever is a mighty long time I do it for the South and them folks that held me down Forever in the game, forever Multi Forever gettin mine, forever Underground (What's a king without a crown hoe?) ... (What's a car without some sound hoe?) ... (What's a king without a crown hoe?) [Big K.R.I.T.] Sometimes all I need is bass and a little liquor to ease my mind a bit Cause even when you polished, niggaz won't let you shine for shit That pot to piss in turned into a house on hill I'm talkin two stories no fabrication, that's a true story f'REAL And ain't no ghostwriter, my flow tighter than gorilla fists Keep it poppin like hot grease, fried up with yo' catfish Cutthroats with that bucket seats, bust a quiche, I split her peach Young Krizzle, fruit ninja, +Crouching Tiger, Hidden Freak+ Hoe wassup, I got mo' to tell ya (Let's go!) Dreams is cheap I got mo' to sell ya (Let's go!) Crush linen, grain grippin, don't touch my buttons I hate it when a bitch gets overzealous SO CHILL HOE! (Let's go!) I got a point to prove, that's the reason I rhyme fo' Third coast, I put it down fo' What's a king without a crown hoe? Forever is a mighty long time I do it for the South and them folks that held me down Forever in the game, forever Multi Forever gettin mine, forever Underground (What's a king without a crown hoe?) (What's a king without a crown? What's a king with a crown?) (What's a car without some sound hoe?) (What's a car without some sound? What's a car without a sound?) (What's a king without a crown hoe?) [Big K.R.I.T.] K-R, I-T, one mo' time for them folk that didn't know Two mo' time for them folk that didn't listen Three mo' time for them folk that said growth was impossible, for a country bo' Like they could spit, like they could flow Shawty everybody wanna be a rapper But err'ybody out cain't do a show (Dats right!) So I'm slammin doors and work the wheels on her Pop my bands and pop a bill on her Shit changed since +K.R.I.T. Wuz Here+ I raise my glass and crack a seal on her Cause I deserve that, got a old school Let me swerve that, in my own lane I make my own beats, I write my own rhymes I grip my own grind, I grip my own grain And that's royalty... how else I'm s'posed to live? I made due with what God gave, I do exactly what I feel Yeah I play my part and I gave my heart and I represent for my crib Just like them kaings that came before me, I'ma keep it trill Let's go! (What's a king without a crown hoe?) Artist: Big K.R.I.T.  Album: King Remembered In Time Song: R.E.M. Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com [Intro/Chorus: Sample from James Blake's "The Wilhelm Scream"] I don't know about my dreams... I don't know about my dreams... All that I know is.. I'm falling, falling, falling, falling Might as well fall in... I don't know about my dreams.. [Big K.R.I.T.] In a room full of tight stares Was LFU a dream or a nightmare? How dare I rap about my real life? Good Lord, I gave my all but this don't feel right Jiggaboos'll minstrel you, but never me Blackface, my black face could never be Sambo, my camos say otherwise The revolution of mind'll never televise One album I'm still kickin Def Jam, tell 'em I'm still with it Tell 'em I'm still winnin, tell 'em I'm still in it Next time I drop a bomb, I swear I'ma KILL niggaz! No pause is needed, I swear I don't feel niggaz Snakes is in my front yard, I swear I'ma deal with 'em All that still hear me, pray that they still get it I feel like I failed y'all, it's hard to live with it My dreams... [Big K.R.I.T.] I don't know about my dreams, cause I'm more spiritual than lyrical Produced my whole album, nothing short of a miracle ("Dreams..") Was I wrong to be so heavy-hearted? I refuse to give up what I started For false awards and cover boards in every store A different shore is a bore when all my people poor Yeah there's some broads galore but yeah I wanted more Fuck a reality show, I'd rather do a tour ("Dreams..") I'd rather crowd surf Before I live as if God ain't real, I'd rather DIE first Bury me inside a cemetery.. Remember me as just a visionary I'm more Geronimo Pratt than O.G. Bobby They love the fact you made it but hate the fact you got it The stairway to heaven is packed, I'm in the lobby Too scared to go to sleep cause most times I often doubt my dreams The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Big K.R.I.T.  Album: King Remembered In Time Song: Meditate Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com [Intro] (It's now my privilege to introduce your main speaker...) {*cheers, whistles, and applause*} Hey, I'm Big K.R.I.T. and I'm a meditator (Hey!) It wasn't easy to come in today, but.. I'm here I don't wanna hear what I've done wrong I'll deal with my problems when I get home I'm better off when I'm all alone I know I said I'd stop but I'm not that strong I just wanna meditate  (I just wanna meditate, meditate) (I just wanna meditate, meditate) I just wanna meditate  (I just wanna meditate, meditate) (I just wanna meditate, meditate) I just wanna meditate  (I-I-I just wanna meditate, meditate) (I-I-I just wanna meditate, meditate) I just wanna meditate  (I just wanna meditate, meditate) (I-I-I-I just wanna meditate, meditate) I just wanna meditate [Big K.R.I.T.] Sittin with this glass of liquor pourin out my spiritual guide like, "Take me to the other side" Whoever said escapin your problems with empty bottles would only delay them 'til tomorrow, yes was surely right But when the world said, "Fuck ya", how would you reply? No need to whisper how you feel, this is you and I I paint pictures of hieroglyphics compared to most rap niggaz But I be overlooked, so I just let it slide, let it die, how can I Be so stupid to tell you this wasn't real Be so eager to tell ya just how I feel But let's be honest, the real reason I'm here To be clear, I was never the Man of Steel I fell victim too many times to count Too many times I've died, too many things I doubt Not enough love in my house, my house is not enough It's filled with pointless things and those things keep piling up Those things'll leave you crushed if they fall To be real I don't think you feel me at all Can you hear me at all?... Can you steer me at all... to the liquor store [Big K.R.I.T.] How can I stop, when I'm too far gone to get back where I came from? I was searchin for some answers at a bar with some dancers And I found out there really ain't none And the bottom of my glass is just as empty as my lesson Count it with my friends and my loved ones All my exes hate my guts cause when I finally call them up They know that I just wanna fuck some I apologize... for what? I don't know Too many times, I did it and it shows  I feel it in my soul, there's a burning in my stomach  And it's churning in slow, and it grows every time I hit a low If you out, I was hopin you could roll If you fiendin for a drank, let me po' If you ridin, maybe we can go Before they close to the liquor store [Outro] So I sit here...  and I think back on all the things I wanted in life  and all the things that I've accomplished I'm more fulfilled then I ever have been before I still lose and I'v-I've still lost, but I love, and I'm living There's nothing better in this world than to be for sure And I'm sure - I'm sure enough in what I do, and how I do it There's a lot of people around me that believe in me And I depend on them, to see me through this - this life of mine  Let's hope this journey that we take All these moves that we make are the right ones, while I meditate The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Big K.R.I.T.  Album: King Remembered In Time Song: Serve This Royalty Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com [Intro: sample from movie "Wattstax"] Ah, the way the brother walks is beautiful The way he talks is beautiful Uh, the brother is beautiful The way he makes love to me is beautiful You know, that's my man! [Chorus: sample from Cody ChesnuTT's "Serve This Royalty"] Platinum chains and rings is, all a brother knows now Girl, you one of the first to know that, gold is back in town So you gotta serve this royalty Believing in me and my dreams is serving this royalty right Trust what I say and what I see and we can get it [Big K.R.I.T.] Yeah, money, cars and clothes, and all the cribs Never trust these lames and hoes cause they ain't shit Cause they’ll just sink our dreams of things and jump ship So we'll fly first class, full glass with blunts lit  Float on, I shake the world if you hold on Getcha body holl'n, just to turn yo' soul on Your black is gold so when it dark, get yo' glow on My words are heavy like a Chevy, shall I roll on? Our +Love's+ +Unlimited+, vinyl record  in the grooves of forever, bass and treble finish it Puff cut your affections like a painting God ain't finished with It had to be displayed so all that's awed could say they witnessed it I walk the talk so I cain't run game I'm the type of king that a need a queen that's down to work and run thangs I'm a lion baby untamed Before I devote my all I need to know, one thang Can you serve this royalty? [Big K.R.I.T.] Whatever your heart desires And to those that oppose our dreams and goals, I set the world on fire Go to war with giants of all kinds So when you sleep without your king beside you, you sleep fine I be you knight in shining armor, swang down  with a hammer like Thor for those that want drama Travel high and low for those expensive garments, that I peel off your frame after I fight in your honor Cause we can rule as far as the eye can see If you down for the cause as long as your body breathe Bet the heir that will proceed as kings that's after me But be colder than doors we close, you'll have to be There'll be tyrants that want nothing more than apathy To defile on the kingdom of real and happiness But history will whisper of our reign Before I give my all, I need to know one thang Can you serve this royalty? [Bridge: Cody ChesnuTT] The dream is real if you serve this royalty Leave your mama's house, make her proud Serve this royalty right.. From the valleys of Spain to the snowy banks of Maine We can run this game If you serve this royalty right (That's royalty) [Outro: sample from movie "Wattstax"] That's cause she's behind me 100%, man She BELIEVES in everything I believe in And whatever I do, she go 'long- right along with me  and do it at the same time, you know? With no doubt in her mind because she know that I'm positive  and she knows that I'm out to get over  and she knows that I'm gon' try and get a piece of this country The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Big K.R.I.T. f/ Ashton Jones Album: King Remembered In Time Song: Good 2getha Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com [Chorus: Big K.R.I.T. and Ashton Jones] Cause we could be Kings and queens, and highs and lows And wires and vogues, and anythang that goes And together we, are closest It was meant to be, you're chosen The best, I know, I know Cause we go good together baby Cause we go good together baby Cause we go good together baby Cause we go good together baby Cause we go good together [Big K.R.I.T.] I'm talkin early morning fresh  Get up, get out and get, gone Thank God for the sun, and the, chrome That I pushed when we rolled in that Brougham or Fleetwood 'Lac DeVille Goosebumps trunk, yeah it gave ya chills Popped up twice just to show ya grill Left the comfort of her home to roll with me Cause she was searchin for something real I be that nigga, be that fresh Leave that lame, be with a winner, relieve that stress Jump online, I free your mind We don't need no dimes, at least not mine, spend this check Buy that Benz, or ride that Lex  and drape our necks like kings and queens Cause if you down to shine, I make love to your fertile mind 'til you conceive my dreams [Big K.R.I.T.] Lemme be your one-stop shop Fill you up when you on E Pick you up when you want feet Be yo' guide, I be yo' eyes when you cain't see  I be yo' air when you cain't breathe I give you game but it ain't free You gotta be down for the play When we up, we can shine, but prepare for the grind Cause the 'Lac could break down any day Would you be willin to hit licks? I ain't the type to boast and nitpick But it takes some hard work to get rich It's a small risk to rock the Red Bottoms and bop the fresh fits What you want, what you need Gotta have, when we shop, gotta grab Never hear, put 'em back, in fact Just be careful how you spend yo' cash [Bridge: Ashton Jones and Big K.R.I.T.] Just like highs and lows Sub-woofers and vogues We go good together, baby We go good together, baby Just like wires and vogues Neon trunks that glow We go good together, baby We go good together, baby [Outro: Miya Bailey] Enjoy the fruits of your labor, the spoils of war There's no home in indulging in the things that life has to offer There comes a time in every king's life where the wine flows in abundance and the tables are set, feast and be thankful The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Big K.R.I.T. f/ Future Album: King Remembered In Time Song: Just Last Week Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com [Intro: Future] Just last week, JUST LAST WEEK [Chorus: Big K.R.I.T.] (Future) Just last week I had to ball on 'em Just last week I had to ball on 'em Just last week I had to ball on 'em Sittin tall on 'em, crawl on 'em Just last week I had to ball on 'em Just last week I had to ball on 'em Just last week I had to ball on 'em Sittin tall on 'em, crawl on 'em, but  Today I'm on, today I'm on, today I'm on  Just last week I had to ball on 'em  Today I'm on, today I'm on, today I'm on  Just last week I had to ball on 'em [Big K.R.I.T.] (Future) Just last week, I had to run up on a nigga like Where that money you owe me? (Yeah) Say you got it, well show me (Yeah) Look up hoe, you know me (Yeah) Pull up, hop out, clean (Yeah!) Everybody wanna be a pimp nowaday but Don't nobody wanna break a hoe, kick a do'  when the plane don't fly, getcha blimp nowadays So waddup, dawg? (Turn up) Ain't nothin changed since pimp when broke (Turn up) Even I still ride old school (Turn up)  Paint +Ready+ like Archie Eversole (Turn up) Slab it out, work it on (Turn up) {B-Bangin dat Screw from them niggaz that don't know 'bout it} ...I was whippin through the game like  Nigga how could doubt me? Hol' up [Chorus: Big K.R.I.T.] (Future) Just last week I had to ball on 'em (Just last week) Just last week I had to ball on 'em (Just last week) Just last week I had to ball on 'em (Just last week) Sittin tall on 'em, crawl on 'em (Just last week) Just last week I had to ball on 'em (Just last week)  Just last week I had to ball on 'em (Just last week) Just last week I had to ball on 'em (Just last week) Sittin tall on 'em, crawl on 'em, but (Just last week)  Today I'm on, today I'm on, today I'm on  Just last week I had to ball on 'em  Today I'm on, today I'm on, today I'm on  Just last week I had to ball on 'em I'm talkin 'bout heeeeeeeeeeeeey- (WOOF!) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Big K.R.I.T. f/ Trinidad Jame$ Album: King Remembered In Time Song: My Trunk Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com [Chorus: Big K.R.I.T.] My trunk pussy pop (pop), dem hoes down to bop (bop) My trunk pussy pop (pop), dem hoes down to bop (bop) M-M-My trunk pussy pop (pop), dem hoes down to bop (bop) My blades swang and chop (chop), them subwoofers knock (knock) Show yo' grill hoe (WHAT), show yo' grill hoe (WHAT) Show yo' grill hoe (WHAT), show yo' grill (show yo' grill) Show yo' grill hoe (WHAT), show yo' grill hoe (WHAT) Show yo' grill hoe (WHAT), show yo' grill (show yo' grill) [Big K.R.I.T.] +Yeah Dats Me+, yeah dat right So throwed off the drank that I'm outta sight Pushin buttons, Caddy corner crushin Cluckin bussas that claim they wanna fuck tonight +Ridin' Dirty+, +Super Tight...+ I put the pressure on off-icial when she on the lights A dark-skinned nigga with a playa voice I have y'all thinkin I'm Barry White Pop up twice, I ain't trippin on nuthin Tires on rotation and the bass still buzzin Old school whip with the A/C cuttin Calibrate the navigation, bitch don't touch it Hit the flo', you bet I get the flo' I got bands to spend, you got twat to show You can bop for gold, but I'm grain grippin Trunk shakin like a stripper pole came with it [Big K.R.I.T.] My car candy-painted (painted), my house sit on a hill (hill) I never was a square (square), I always worked the wheel (Wheel) A-A-Always had them boppers (boppers), r-ridin on some choppas (choppas) Parking lot warfare, my trunk go, "Blocka-blocka!" (Blocka!) The way I beat the bass, wassup? Might catch a case Broke another bank and put it in they face Ever since I rolled up with the doors on Transformer Fo'd up, po'ed up, niggaz had to hate (had to hate) Wheels on chrome-up, I had to slow my four's up Cause them potholes deep and I can't let them scrape (let them scrape) I let my tape knock, 'til my tape pop Tell them motherfuckers that I got that bass! [Trinidad Jame$] A-Toooown! I said of course I'ma show my grill  (YEAAAAH!) and show my ass I came on this earth in '87 (uh-huh)  Pussy nigga check my past Been a real nigga ever since (Yessir!) ride around the A with my nigga named Tay Beatin down them fuckin blocks (Bitch!) from Conley Road to Moreland A Nigga don't talk, yee ain't 'bout dat life (No sir!) Drop-top Chevy with the Bow Tie pipes Let that Chevy breathe on 'em When ya, pull up, to that, light (OHHH!!!) Hit that gas and watch that Chevy pop a ollie (Pop a ollie?!) Half these young niggaz on rims, but my Chevy sit on Rally's The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Big K.R.I.T. f/ Big Sant Album: King Remembered In Time Song: How You Luv That Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com [Chorus: Big K.R.I.T.] Sheeeit~! I got the hook up, bitch! Whatcha know 'bout this? Old school my whip, King Tut my wrist I got the hook up, bitch! Whatcha know 'bout this? I put on my clique, hoes on my dick How you luv that? How you luv that? How you luv that? How you luv that? How you luv that? How you luv that? I got the hook up, bitch! Whatcha know 'bout this? [Big K.R.I.T.] Fuck whatcha heard, hoe! They know 'bout the Krizzle The Chevy on fo' Pirellis with the pole in the middle I break a hoe if she brittle, pimpin hot off the griddle Cluckin bustas freakin and fuckin for nothing So how you figure I was trickin off? Candy paint my Caddy frame, don't be ashamed to lick it off Hail Mary some game to a dame and you cain't pick it off Off the chain (HOO!) I cain't sic it off Time and time again I try and tell 'em lemme kick it off and BANG on it, put these lames on it It ain't Multi if ain't put my name on it Make that kinda track and put a train on it {*train horn blows*} Styrofoam, +Purple Rain+ on it Fresh up out the cleaners, my demeanor, not a stain on it Reign on it, put some chains on it, bet the game on it My woofer beat to the frequency that a bitch done came on it Pinky rang on it, chinchilla get hanged on the flo' I leave a bitch fiendin for some mo' [Chrous] [Big Sant] Yeah! B-iz-I, G Sant, beyotch! Young trill nigga, hoe you know just what I be 'bout Time to take off them t-tops, we on that, like banners Man hold up, my car older than yo' favorite rapper This that shit that they should capture on film  Lights camera action, life Bitch my pimpin 1080p, without no satellite My niggaz ain't actin right, talkin 'bout who run the South They know it's us, they sick and ain't no Robitus' to help ‘em out I been official, big dawg in the yard Voted most likely to murder every verse that I start So as soon as I part, and I hop on that ride Better leave witcha bitch, 'fore I'm off in her mouth Cuz I'm a +Big Tymer+ rhymer, no co-signers around for you If I ain't make that clear let me break it down for ya They lame (yeah), we not (yeah), see us (yeah) on top (yeah) Alumni forever ever BITCH! They know I got the The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Big K.R.I.T. f/ Smoke DZA, Wiz Khalifa Album: King Remembered In Time Song: Only One Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com [Chorus: Big K.R.I.T.] You thought you were the only one ballin You thought you were the only one slabbed-out You thought you were the only pimpin In the V-I with the broads and they ass out You thought you were the only one... NAAAAW, playa! You thought you were the only one... NAAAAW, playa! [Big K.R.I.T.] Now I apply pressure, yessir, gold on my dresser Effortlessly perfected this pimpin to the neck up And with it, I can wrestle, any pro into a pretzel Figure-fo', she figure mo' dick might destroy her vessel Mo-mo-most not the lesser, it's high, just my worth Cause the last time I tripped over pussy was probably at my birth And the last time I didn't pop my trunk was probably at my church But as soon as I left the parkin lot, I maxed it out 'til it burst, uh Wood grain in my wheel, uh, princess cut in my grill, uh Butter fly my steak, uh, shrimp and lobster on chill Do it how I feel, cause doin what you love won't hurt ya Plus an L7 could never understand the complexity of my circle or the dynamics of a twerker, or the inner workings of a squirter It's like chemistry with this codeine, two parts cup, one purple Three mo' time that's charm, bad bitch on my arm Come and go as I please, whole world in my palm, nigguh! [Wiz Khalifa] Tehehehe, uh.. Chocolate chip cookies on my tray, true stoner  I get high just as sure as the sun come up to light up the day! A real boss up in the game don’t have to pay to play We burnin down come smoke a pound, I'm just a flight away I earned the right to say I'm rich off what I write today And stickin to my cheese like a microwave Broke niggaz, they don't like us, they don't wanna fight Shout out to Max cause you could never ride the +wave+ but me I got the title O.G. kush in my joint, ooh, all my niggaz on point, ooh Ride and reppin that gang, ooh, T.G.O.D. come join, ooh You niggaz do a show there and don't get no love I sell a hundred thousand tickets when I show up... ...They say the game done chaaaAAANGED Well that mean you need to change too And stop with all that fuckin hatin.. cause that's what motherfuckin lames do Tahahaha, uh! [Smoke DZA] Kushed God, bitch, ahhhhh! Riiiiiiiight.. You ain't the only nigga gettin money, got it down to a science Big nigga, bank teller, think I play for the Giants Dead fresh, walk by and get a moment of silence Don't be mad because we livin dog, be mad at the Mayans Ridin decidin, live maine or peeking Who said hustlers can't be king? Wrists got crowns on 'em, bad hoes is beastin mista Slide the first day, instant upgrade Thompson my jacket, Black Label my denims Very rare my kicks, this petty cash that I'm spendin With the rich folks 'bout to blend-in Got a obsession for this game, Bob Lemon Gangsta, hustla, shit I bleed it, keep these niggaz heated I don't do reservations I walk in and get seated Ahh, best believe it, this Harlem kid's the meanest Shrimp and steak'n at the table, smell the smoke but they don't see it, nigga! Riiiiiiiiight... DZA The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Big K.R.I.T.  Album: King Remembered In Time Song: Banana Clip Theory Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com (The Banana Clip Theory) I cain't believe I took it this far, this time (The Banana Clip Theory) I told myself, I should be smart.. and not blind (The Banana Clip Theory) Bang bang bang, down we went today.. Lord, I think there's something wrong (The Banana Clip Theory) Bang, bang, bang, another bullet went astray... Another soul dead and gone (The Banana Clip Theory) [Big K.R.I.T.] I heard a gun the other day It spoke to me and told me power was the only thing that we could lose So don't be afraid to let it shower, on them if they ever run up at my door It came with a red dot, for a sure shot  and a silencer on the low I had to stop, pause and think about it  while it gave me its resume Told me no better way to protect myself In this world we live in  cause they killin up women and children Ain't nothing like havin one on hand Cause if you draw down first, you'll be the man Then you'll pop yo' trunk and demand That respect, if they neglect, in the club... When they touched my queen they didn't know what we had was love... And it'll never be the same cause you'll throw it in my face just because... So I'll pop my trunk once again  For her heart I'll defend and I'll let it rain on them  [Big K.R.I.T.]  I heard he just killed a man.. I think he was a father...  I know he was a brother.. Because his sis said that they gon' retaliate tomorrow The doors still revolvin, gun shop You're lookin for the kinda clip that don't stop Cause you heard them jack boys comin for the very spot That you opened up on they block They wore red but you bang blue...  They drove by but they ain't shoot... 'Til you was outside with the whole fam, havin brews  Talkin shit, eatin barbeque Duck and dodge, but it ain't safe  You hit the corner but they gave chase And double back cause you got away But your little cousin got hit, sleepin in his baby crib No CPR cause it's too late So you cry, but you bounce back Your reply is to get the gat It's an eye for an eye 'til it's jet black The only way you'll survive in yo' mind is to stay strapped So you act out... They'll call you soft if you back out... So you roll your window down and you black out The next day they'll be back 'round The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Big K.R.I.T. f/ BJ the Chicago Kid Album: King Remembered In Time Song: Life is a Gamble Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com [Intro: sample from Marvin Gaye's "Life is a Gamble"] Life is a gamble, oh ohh, baby Where you win or lose ("Li-li-li-li, life is a gamble") [Chorus: BJ the Chicago Kid] {K.R.I.T.} {They said life...} ("Life, life is a gamble") So be careful when you  shake 'em up, shake 'em up, shake 'em up, shake 'em Shake 'em up, shake 'em up, shake 'em up, shake 'em {They said life...} ("Life, life is a gamble") So be careful when you  shake 'em up, shake 'em up, shake 'em up, shake 'em Shake 'em up, shake 'em up, shake 'em up, shake 'em [Big K.R.I.T.] I roll the dice one time for my folks that died off Rep the side they believe in but they side lost Let me toss a seven for the ones won't see tomorrow Cash those chips in for some time we don't need to ball Gunshots ran out, everybody hang out Yellow tape party, all over we sang out  I don't like this feeling, ain't nothing that appealing 'Bout reminiscin, over you, my God I couldn't cry cause your mama couldn't stop cryin And that's hard, Lord I wish my folks would stopped dyin But who am I to say it wasn't your time to black out? You betted ALL on a spot I guess you crapped out For the finer thangs, indeed we chase, we told your patient self it's funny how the thing we love, can make us hate ourselves Russian roulette table, I gotta bet safer You gotta know when to fold yo' cards when you ain't able  to reach into that dash when that, jackal up and flashed that brass like, "Gimme all you got or that's yo' ass!" That's all that it would took, the house got me shook Cause ain't no point spread, but God doin books Life... [Big K.R.I.T.] Life is a gamble feel like I'm ramblin sometimes Like what the fuck I'm s'posed to say in this rhyme I shed tears and they won't come back I send word and they won't run back My slot machine was broken this time Ain't no tokens, I can't redeem to preserve the focus of mine So many died and I'm scared it's just a matter of time 'fore I'm lifted myself, six people I know Ain't been in church in a while, I heard I reap what I sow Casket closed, Caddy doors, can't commemorate This tracks my gurney, my verse can be the ventilator So I breathe, cause +Loathing in Las Vegas+ wasn't meant for me Too scared I'll stay too long and forget where I'm really meant to be Heaven maybe, heaven lately, but all these lights are captivating I had to play it, for the sake of me and mine... Lord, I pray I hit it big this time Artist: Big K.R.I.T. Album: King Remembered In Time Song: WTF Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com [Intro] Yeah... I wrote a poem the other day The punchline is uh, "What the fuck we gon' do now?" Cause you gotta ask yourself That it's always a situation you get yourself in  You'll be like, "DAMN! What the fuck I'm gon' do now?" [Big K.R.I.T.] When the world turns upside-down on my head and I cain't, sleep no longer  Eat no longer unless it's a full course meal I'm, tired of boiling water and cook noodles that cost a quarter What about steak and veal? I'd like to pay all my bills None to love, but struggle I feel My heart's too cold to warm your soul My eyes are too cold to see your goals when I can barely see mine Some are sayin I'm blind to the fact when Really I'm just blind by all these LED lights on yo' Benz That make me feel less of a provider cause I cain't, splurge when I spend It ain't worldwide when I trend, shopping for hand-me-downs Second nature tags for those pants we found At the flea market, checkin for a plea bargain on this shirt Perhaps you got some work, I ain't talkin 'bout 9-to-5 More like soakin dry, baking soda powder pies I can, bag up anything you fry! If you got a ticket, I can sell anything you buy No harm done my brother, perhaps if I sell to you And you, sell to them then, we never sell to one another Preach on if you must, two things to remember: Don't tell on me and don't use your own product Cause that will surely thrust you into the abyss Longin for things you miss  Stuck in the 1980s' talkin 'bout you Prince  Ain't nothing appealing about layin in yo' piss and walkin in shit Come up off your hustle, we can ride clean if we sell double Then them laws comin we fall victim to the stereotypical big rims fly niggaz on the wrong side of town Blowin loud, double cup, both windows down That's when I look at you, and you look at me And we ask ourselves, "What the FUCK we gonna do now?!" What, the, fuck we, gon', do, now? What the fuck we gon' do now?!  What, the, fuck we, gon', do, now? What the fuck we gon' do now?! What the fuck we gon' do? What the fuck we gon' do? What the fuck we gon' do noooooow? (What the fuck we gon' do now?!) What the fuck we gon' do? What the fuck we gon' do? What the fuck we gon' do noooooow? (What the fuck we gon' do now?!) [Big K.R.I.T.] I scoped her from a mile away More enticed by her hips, I should say I didn't see her face until I was front and center Spittin that kind of game that was, fundamental Yeah I'm balla of such After she removed her clutch from the seat it occupied That checkerboard pattern had once again monopolized That the Louie, her taste was one of those labels and her, story was one of her fables that I heard as a young child That everything that glitters ain't gold And some tigers are better left wild But that never stop me, and her ring won't stop her As we sip more alcoholic beverages on the roof tops of seduction Her peanut butter skin blushin with lustful hues To the bathroom she was again asked to be excused I think she abuses the substance But who am I to judge her want to lose her inhibitions Then wipe away her past to, free fall into existence I know that feeling, so we party the night away as two lonely strangers Intertwine and intertangle in the spiral of cat and mouse I'm ready when you are to hit the room, to be consumed in your sunshine Let's pretend this ain't the first time, let's pretend I AM your man Let's pretend we both clean and we know it Perhaps I don't do this often, perhaps you ain't out here hoe'n Maybe this was meant to be, maybe you're the very woman God sent for me In the morning surely I doubt it, more regret the fact  I planted my seed in your greenhouse, and it sprouted My mind was too cloudy to comprehend your decision Two months later your stomach will grow from my adulterous conviction Your husband will surely put two and two together That one night when you DIDN'T come home, it last forever As we can NEVER let this down, your phone call was SO profound Cause he kicked you out, AND you pregnant  So... what the FUCK we gon' do now?! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Big K.R.I.T. Album: King Remembered In Time Song: Bigger Picture Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com [Intro: sample from The Meter's "Stormy"] I'll paint all the world for you baby I'll paint all the world for you (I'll paint all the world for you) I'll paint all the world for you baby (I'll paint all the world for yoooooou) [Big K.R.I.T.] Yeah, I wish you saw the bigger picture I wish you saw the bigger picture [Chorus: Big K.R.I.T.] If I make it I'll come back to get you It's clear as day but you don't see the vision I wish you saw the bigger picture What we got deserves some patience Cause this ain't no finger paintin I wish you saw the bigger picture Beautiful and modern all the same But what's a photo if it's out of frame? I wish you saw the bigger picture (I'll paint all the world for you) I pray you see the bigger picture [Big K.R.I.T.] I call your phone, you don't pick up, you text me Too late to come back, you say  my art ain't even half the way it used to look The colors that I chose to compose  my last masterpiece wasn't worth the cover of a book I listen as you rant on about Rembrandts and Van Goghs That, I used to show you was so pure at heart Now all the pictures that I draw lately  perfect my need to be basic and all the shading tears your world apart Pollock I promise, you say it's scribble and scratch I know you don't mean it cause on your wall's where it's at It's not my best I agree, but I did what I could With these sticks and these stones to get us out of the woods I find my rhythm and and my stroke  then you fall in love with my art like you did befo' On that note I let go, and tend to my canvas  to paint a mural of us, I hope that you understand the bigger picture [Big K.R.I.T.] Back to my roots, channel my youth You love the color of yellow, but I'm workin with blue Like what's the use of doin art if I ain't breakin the rules? My graffiti wasn't Banksy but you thought it was cool It used to be fun to watch me do what it do But when the paint started dryin, I stopped runnin to you and started walkin away, cause I could paint any day One line from being complete, I'm sorry I made you wait  to get a crown and some space, I thought you'd be a great painter Cause you could see the good in me in all the angles A radiant child we could've had And those clowns in yo' past you paint, just make you laugh All because... that self-portrait  that I put on display, should've been of us I left you out and I was wrong I promise I'll start over if you come back home - on the bigger picture [Bridge: sample] (K.R.I.T.) I'll paint the sky blue (I'll paint the sky blue) I'll paint the grass green (I'll paint the grass green) I'll paint the roses red (I'll paint the roses red) And everything in between (And everything in between) I'll paint the sky blue (I'll paint the sky blue) I'll paint the grass green (I'll paint the grass green) I'll paint the roses red (I'll paint the roses red) And everything else (And everything else) in betweeeen (in between) {4X} (I wish you saw the bigger picture) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Big K.R.I.T. Album: King Remembered In Time Song: Multi Til The Sun Die Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com Multi... Multi... ("Multi!") 'Til the motherfuckin sun die, 'til the motherfuckin sun die One time for Multi... Multi... ("Multi!") 'Til the motherfuckin sun die, 'til the motherfuckin sun die One time for Multi [Big K.R.I.T.] I did it for the people that believe in me Never shine on my family cause that could breed envy Friends up and turned foes and I done seen plenty Cause loyalty is all we had and I believed in it I cain't deny that, most don't survive rap Plus bein po' wasn't easy and we survived that Too many times I left home and had to drive back  Cause deals fell through, instead of beats  they'd rather buy a sack... Multi since '86 A lot of motherfuckers out chea hated this To see a king from the bottom  A country bumpkin from nothing, Good Lord you know I got 'em, right? So put your lighters in the air for me If I'm down I pray you care for me This for them fans everywhere for me Thank God that they were there for me [Big K.R.I.T.] Ain't no secret I'd ride for it If need be, I'll die for it My plane could crash and burn but I'll fly for it Fight the power, raise my fist in the sky for it I put my brothers on, divide the pie for it Then get it poppin like the 4th of July for it You cain't low ball, I want the high-high for it My grandma died knowin that I tried for it Many nights alone, yeah I cry for it Seventeen, hit the road, made a drive for it Pedal CDs' out the trunk, break my pride for it Apply for a job, just to get denied for it So many tries to sign but I decide for it On the stage of life titans still collide for it Last song, breath gone, stage dive for it Say goodbye, close my eyes for it {violin solo by The Mad Violinist} [Outro: Miya Bailey] Be just and justify your actions Breathe deep and walk up right Lead and never follow Love the people, be of the people Humble yourself and pray History remembers kings The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Big K.R.I.T. Album: I Got This (S) Song: I Got This Typed by: newos_crib_is@hotmail.com I got this here, I got this here, nigga I got this here I got this here, I got this here, nigga I got this here I got this here, I got this here, nigga I got this here Big fat yard with a house on the hill Old school whip with some big ass rims I got this here Fuck these haters, fuck these hoes {*8X*} [Big K.R.I.T.] Sometimes you gotta talk to 'em This ain't even rapping what I'm finna do, let go Well I suppose niggas gon' hate on me, well that's cool I got shows, getting money I can barely fold cause that's what I do And ain't nobody gon' pimp K-R-I-T, yeah that's how I feel And them diamonds niggas always rhyming bout, it's against my will And ain't nobody gon' check none of me or mine, in God I trust If you think I'm out here tricking on these hoes, you got me fucked up And ain't no playing in the South, turn a bad bitch out when I grab my pipes Y'all niggas think this shit came oh so easy, it wasn't over night, but [Big K.R.I.T.] Now I supposed I'm doing quite alright, ever since I blew Never worry about me and don't worry about mine player, worry about you And ain't nobody gon' block my shine today, with the roof gone I got a top notch bitch, you need something like this, but you gotta get your own And ain't nobody gon' wreck this hard, when I'm traveling down the boulevard Now they hollering out, oh my God, cause they never seen rims this large That's country shit, well that's cool cause I'm country, bitch I never turn my back, I burn on wax and stack my cash till I'm country rich, cause [Big K.R.I.T. - singing] (I got this here, I got this here) Chevys on that chrome Live and in my zone, till a player gone (I got this here, I got this here) Doing how I feel Doors open for hoes, haters in my grill (I got this here, I got this here) Diamond in the back Slamming on these doors, trunk beat till it crack (I got this here, I got this here) Get it how I live Smoking on that good, cracking on my seal The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Big K.R.I.T. f/ 2 Chainz, 8Ball & MJG Album: Money on the Floor (S) Song: Money on the Floor Typed by: newos_crib_is@hotmail.com [Big K.R.I.T.] Is it me or is it something bout a car that makes a bad bitch get freaky and fuck like porno stars? Or maybe it was that chrome that keep a bopper in the zone But either way, she hit my phone like she can't leave me 'lone and then that just keep happening, blame it on all this rapping shit Ten out of ten, she down to fuck, that's just what my average is Slab and chassis lavishly, with cabin digi-dash in it, I'm an advocate Chromed-out wheels, if you hop in here you might jet lag a bit I'm passionate bout everything that I want, I do what it do and y'all don't I put the whole world in my trunk, let it bump Check the stars out when I ride, dodging potholes with these tires Hopping lanes, swang and bang in a 'Stang, so let me by cause I got [Chorus 2X: screwed vocals] Money-money on the floor, lighters-lighters on the dresser Drop-drop my top, no one can do it better Diamonds-diamonds in the leather, wood-wood in the chrome Bopping-bopping ass hoes just won't leave me alone [8Ball] Look, she call me Big Baby, I got my Guccis on Black on black, head to toe, smelling like Prada cologne Feeling like big pimping, inhale, exhale Good green, thick lean, give them bitches X pills Cocaine make 'em get so loose on them tequila shots Every time I do it I regret it, the bitch just can't stop Now she's dancing on the table, skirt done went up to her navel Niggas throwing money at her, shit, I can't be mad at her [MJG] Bring the girl to me then I'ma bless her, yessir Twenty-five lighters on my dresser, yessir My bitch on the block with some money on her mind A pistol in her purse and a heart full of grind I'm Pimp Tight MJ'! Drop my top, light that 'dro Hand on the wood with the pedal on the flo' Forever getting dough and I'm clever on a hoe I'm still getting Feddi mayne, never be a scary mayne My DNA is all Ike Turner, Eddie King [Chorus 2X] [2 Chainz] 2 Chainz~! Twenty-five lighters (lighters), twenty-five ciphers Went to jail and shared a cell with a twenty-five to lifer (damn) Stayed at my grandma house with twenty-five Bibles (true) Stayed in the trap house with like twenty-five rifles (blahh~!) Drop my top and I dip, dip, dip But if I pop my trunk you better duck, don't slip Chrome lips on the vehicle look like they blowing kisses Re-reel them hoes in, it look like I'm going fishing Okay this how I ride, two bad hoes inside One hoe say she ready, the other hoe say she tired I'ma drop this other hoe off, me and the other hoe, we gon' ride All jokes aside, I'm the get money poster child [Chorus 2X] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artst: A$AP Rocky f/ Action Bronson, Big K.R.I.T., Danny Brown, Kendrick Lamar, Joey Bada$$, Yelawolf Album: Long.Live.A$AP Song: 1 Train Typed by: AZ Lyrics [Verse 1: A$AP Rocky] Feeling like a vigilante or a missionary Tell my A$AP killers get they pistols ready Send 'em to the cemetary with obituaries Don't be scared, nigga, is you ready? I've been thinking 'bout all the O's in my bank account X the O's in my bed is 'round the same amount Ever since this new star fame came about Or ever since me and Drizzy started hangin' out Young boy, let his gun bang, let his nuts hang Transition to a Lamborghini from a Mustang Drugs slang in the drug game with the hustling (I know one thing) Anything is better than that 1 train Bag made of Goyard, cheffin' like I'm Boyar- Dee, probably selling D in your local courtyard Braids like I'm O-Dog, my la familia go hard Down to my inlaws, they outlaws with no laws [Verse 2: Kendrick Lamar] We outlawed then I bogart, any pros that got 'proached at With a toe-tag, get broke off, in the projects with a skateboard I roll past and I blaze y'all like, "DOO DOO!" I hate y'all When the beef cooked, I ate y'all like, "Mmm mmm," let's play ball In a ballpark with all sharks and a blindfold, I rhyme cold My K hot, your 9 cold, that bark like K9 drone That banana clip, straight from the rip I'll make that shirt say RIP, I'm on some shit If I'm not the hottest then Hell must've froze over You thought it was safe then forgot what the code was I carry traits of a traumatized soldier Don't look in my face, I might snap, I might choke ya Spine right out of place, give me dap like you 'posed ta Darts at your posters, dark nights like this I metamorph like I'm 'posed ta, I might slice my wrist Or pretend like a vulture and drop off this cliff [Verse 3: Joey Bada$$] Barely even conscious, talking to my conscience Gettin' deeper in these flows like conches I'm on my convict, don't drop bars, I drop prisons Don't sell rocks seen the spectrum through the prisms Somehow bypassed the bias and the -isms The violence and the killin', so given They seen my pigment and thought that was the ign'ance Unfortunately I am not that type of niglet But pass the pot let me skillet Just got back to the block from a 6 o'clock with Jigga And I'm thinkin' 'bout signin' to the Roc But my niggas on the block still assigned to the rocks And I swear it hurt me soul I try to prevail, but when I preach it only hurt their sales Like you're only gon' end up either dead or in jail But you my nigga, wish you the best for real [Verse 4: Yelawolf] When you mention my name amongst other white rappers Or for that matter, any fuckin' rapper, fuck it Painter, skater, musician, trailer park dirt ditch diggin' Burger flippin', eat, sleep, shittin' human bein', you would be in Trouble to body double or couple me to these others Cause comparatively speakin', my reach is beyond the bubble That they put me in, my vision's beyond the Hubble's I huddle with Nubians, new beginning again You in school at 10, late, Radioactive's goin' gold And so? GREAT. Do I give a flying duck If I'm applyin' love to my rhymin' plus alignin' us? Alabama's climbin' up, wait, no I don't give a Flying duck, nothing but a buckshot, Ch, pow! Motherfuck your life, pussy blood clot Ain't never been no rapper this cold since 2Pac was froze And thawed out for spot date at a Coachella show, Yelawolf [Verse 5: Danny Brown] Weed a different color like a hoodrat bra and panties And my flow be overhead like pots and pans in pantries Antsy cause I'm high like Michael Jackson penny loafers Moonwalkin' on the sun, barefoot, with shades on Bitch pussy smell like a penguin Wouldn't hit that shit with my worst enemy's penis Bitch when I say this I mean this: "Ho, I'm the meanest" Dick so big, stretch from Earth to Venus That molly got me nauseous, on shit, no off switch Lawless, obnoxious, on that "suck my cock" shit That is my synopsis, ostrich pot shit Hoes on some God shit, stop it! You not this! Novice, regardless, heartless and awkward Cryin' tears of vodka prima donna at the concert Adonis smokin' chronic 'bout to vomit gin and tonic Just bein honest, tell me, isn't that ironic? [Verse 6: Action Bronson] Swiftly, I shift the Bimmer 860 A heavy smoker so you know I brought the Blake with me The moon's reflection off the lake hit me You should've stayed with me Now many Asian bitches lay with me The face is silky like a tablecloth My shorty gallop in the morning on the beach like a Chilean horse Red roses drop on boxes very often Confetti torture, drinking Henny like I'm Kenny Lofton Outstandin' I fixed the game between Georgia Southern and Grambling You see us scrambling, selling Susan Sarandon The cloud of smoke like the phantom Damn this shit tastes like fantastic You see me comin' through in each state Just so the lord could put the fork inside the cheesecake Cuffed to my wrist I've got the briefcase The gavel slam, I'm a free man, try not to eat ham [Verse 7: Big K.R.I.T.] Big KRIT, shawty Spit like my last breath: casket rap, six deep Eyes closed, the black is back, out come the 'Lac with flats After that, bottles I can't pronounce, like, “How you ask for that?” Why you ask for crack and all you had was scratch? All I had was rap, when all they had was wack All I wanted was love, all they had was dap Fuck them haters and fuck them hoes and cherish your wins The aftermath, ask LeBron, open palm slap a bitch Walk the plank or break a bank, I've been in the business of sinkin' ships Chokin' niggas out with the anchors that they anchor with Resuscitations cost the label, I'm taxing if you want a hit Clear, fuck your career, bitch, I was born here Been a killer, '86er, nigga, that's my born year Get the fuck from 'round here, that's just my country ways Suckin' on your momma's titty, bitchin' while I was choppin' blade Grippin' grain, fuckin' hoes, candy paint like Everglades Miss me with that rapper chatter, take that shit up with my bass I put that on my sub, how could you ever doubt me? Most rappers hoping the world end so they won't have to drop another album B.B. King saw the king in me, so why can't you? In order to come up close, you'll have to dig up Cash and Elvis, too Muddy water flow, Dixie rebel past Fuck your Louis flag, popping benji tags on your wifey's ass That's out of line, but in living color? I'm more like Miya Bailey on you rap motherfuckers, a true artist The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Big Boi f/ Big K.R.I.T., UGK Album: Vicious Lies and Dangerous Rumors Song: Gossip Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com [Chorus: Pimp C sample] We gon' fight! Fight! Fight! Fight! Niggaz wanna tell it, hoes wanna gossip Niggaz wanna tell it, hoes-hoes wanna gossip Niggaz-niggaz wanna tell it, hoes wanna gossip We gon'-we gon' fight! Fight! Fight! Fight! Niggaz wanna tell it, hoes wanna gossip Niggaz wanna tell it, hoes-hoes wanna gossip Niggaz-niggaz wanna tell it, hoes wanna gossip We gon'.. [Big Boi] No introductions needed, boi just call me The Undefeated (BIG) And underneath this Georgia dry, I know I can't be seen with -  (BIGGER) bifocals because my vocals are classic Like Coca-Cola when they had cocaine in the package (WOOF!) I meant to say, blow in the ingredients And I went to the mall today and all the niggaz had on smediums~! (Hahaha!) Lil' bitty-ass clothes like Dancing with the Stars without the judges or the dance flo' Oh and niggaz +Don't Dance No Mo'+, all they do is dis Beef it up, call me Venus Fly Trap, waitin on fly emcees to eat 'em up I'm fly as I can be, them weak as fuck And ain't no keepin up, I'm balls deep and them ain't deep enough Fat Sax nigga, Cadillac killer (yep) Cataract prescription filler, I got my medicinal card  from Los Angeles, the city of lost angels A connoisseur of cannabis and from Atlanta, bitch! We never shop with skrangers, no matter what strain they slangin Some of the game rules done changed Niggaz is out chea talkin like a cockatoo, to a cop or two Now they watchin YOU and ya mama too - bird's-eye-view (view) [Pimp C] Uh, I'm gettin blowed on the regular Ridin and talkin dirty on my cellular Playa I got some young gurls that'll sell you some Uh, and if you my homeboy, she gon' give you some And it's all for the paper, but she still gon' cum You dippin in the cookie jar and now you sprung Uh, I'll have you trippin like you smokin furl Playa my hoes don't talk, anybody gon' tell yo' girl Uh, hol' up [Big K.R.I.T.] Okay, now niggaz wanna tell it, hoes wanna gossip Cause they pussy wahn't hittin and they lip was super sloppy Suck a duck-a motherfucker, rims chop, Lorena Bobbit Want my money, corner pocket, plenty game hoe Sop it like a biscuit, King of Diamonds, king of trickin, what's the difference? Got it poppin like a skillet with some chicken grease in it Country boy, country ways, from the belly to the grave Grow to bet nobody trippin cause the money already made - Krizzle [Bun B]  Man, I hate it all the time, I got haters in my biz (biz) Talkin 'bout the trill but don't know what the fuck it is (is)  Motherfuckers nowadays (days), are seriously sorry (sorry) Thinkin that the key to life is puttin ya business on Maury (Maury) You say you rockin Mauri but them motherfuckers Rockport Always talkin 'bout you bus'in nigga, but ya Glock short (short)  I know the truth so ain't no need in ya lyin (lyin) Bullshit ain't workin, ain't no need in ya tryin (tryin) Dyin to be the nigga that's spied in the telescope Crime with trilla niggaz, put-iron-to-ya-belly folk Tellin them tall tales, fibs, and humdangers (dangers) Save it for Jeremy Kyle, Steve, or Jerry Spranger (Spranger) Buzzin like a bee, tryna stick me witcha stanger (stanger) Bitch you can get the middle - (What middle~?) The fanger Stick it in ya ass and let it langer, no homo  and hit the high note like an R&B singer on promo (Hol' up!) Artist: B.o.B f/ Big K.R.I.T., Bun B Album: E.P.I.C. (Every Play Is Crucial) Mixtape Song: 5 on the Kush Typed by: AZ Lyrics [Bun B: x5] 5 on the Kush 20 on the Drinks So floated in the club niggaz can't think [B.o.B] Yeah, Yeah, HaHa I say I throw to the side Like a lateral I swear tonight I'm doing major damage Is collateral 50 on the potion 100 on the smoking Panoramic roof But we ride in slow motion Patron pass to ya Top self we toasted Top models Tops poppin off kelly rowland It's whatever I never let up I never feel better A house for the freaks And I'll never say never My seats all leather My jackets all leather Got peter pissed off cause my pillow full of feathers Since day one I stay down like a celler Bun B, KRIT BoB we some fuckin trend setters [Bun B] 5 on the kush 20 on the Drinks So floated in the club niggaz can't think [x5] [Big K.R.I.T.] Ok I roll up to the club I pull up to the mother fuckin top Got some hoes with a whippin bit on top Woofers in my cusion What's a trunk if it don't knock DJ on the dash If I want it then I cop It's G a ho [x2] And she a ho A sheep nigga leave alone What u pop pills for So high in the sky we crakin windows And this the end tho [Bun B] 5 on the kush 20 on the Drinks So floated in the club niggaz can't think [x5] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Chamillionaire f/ Big K.R.I.T. Album: Major Pain 1.5 Song: This My World Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro: Chamillionaire] A different city every night, right And they be goin so insane I'm reppin for my city right, right So, you should be happy that I came [Chorus: Chamillionaire] And we believe it, if you seen it I watch the skyline light up every evenin It's like I'm dreamin, baby what I mean is Most of y'all don't know a thing cause this my world, whoa It's my world, whoa, it's my world, whoa It's my world, whoa, off the chainnn [Chamillionaire] I don't worry 'bout paper I passed up I focus on money my hands touch If that right there don't add up I gotta let you know yo' math sucks You don't ever talk to a calculator You don't get caught with an ounce of paper Every convo is about a favor Had to get a mansion without the neighbours I aint meanin no bad shit When I say they don't have a dime And I ain't meanin no gold watch when I say "I don't have the time" My hustle is the reason I'm known to shine It's like I'm in my own world Cause these boys out here pillow talkin and textin all my old girls You call that yo' homegirl? I call that my dome girl Call that my errr, I'm not home leave a message after the tone girl I go to places they rap about But girls only love you cause the cash you got See all these hoes is chasin stars and growin up to be cashtronauts Can't get mad, I asked for it Livin life in that airport Y'all ain't even get off the ground Y'all stuck in that chair-port I know they wanna see my cash short But only thing I ask Lord is please don't let me run out of nothin but pages in my passport And I know, I know, I know [Big K.R.I.T.] Been through a lot just to get this far Whip that car, grip that grain Ready pipes, on the lights Went from broke, to havin thangs Catchin planes, out of state I got dues to pay, I got move to make Fuck the fee that they put on me to keep the lights on and food on they plate Hit the slab, push it to the max Expensive taste, I love poppin tags Fuckin hoes, I love hittin the lab Spittin bars that reflect my past What you know 'bout sold out shows? Promote good shit everywhere I go Puttin on for the third coast, sippin lean Give a damn what you think of dem my folk If nuttin else yeah I gave them but hope So they could follow dreams of they own Be successful and ride clean with the chrome If it ain't pastor then leave it alone You know they hate, and preach that Lord Most niggaz talk down just because I'm puttin my faith in the man above About my bread, player be 'bout yours Be 'bout cho'urs, stay on co'rse I make my mark every where I go I spit that trill every time I flow I get my own, cause it's all I know That's all I show so when I toast to the life I live I'm takin off like a laser beam Rather not wake up, rather get my cake up While I'm out here livin the dream - this is my world [Interlude: Chamillionaire] A different city every night, right And they be goin so insane I'm reppin for my city right, right So, you should be happy that I came She say she wanna spend the night, right And I don't even know her name (don't even know yo' name) They sit and watch me as I fly, high Yeah she wanna be my Lois Lane [Chamillionaire] Uhhh~! Fresh off the plane, straight to the Rover I can't complain, tip for the chauffer When I hit my room, it's over Floor that I'm on high as a toker Funny thing is this girl is sober But she gon' be drunk 'fore she hit the sofa You can stay the night if you actin right The view that we lookin at, that's a sight Who really be livin that rapper life if they ain't made it where I'm at than they ain't rappin right! She me and K.R.I.T. got dough appetites You couldn't see us with a flashin light So you die then come back to life and still couldn't see us in the afterlife, and you know [Chorus] w/ ad libs [Outro: Chamillionaire] Dollar to my name, quarter in my jeans Million dollar vision now I'm livin out my dreams It's my world, it's my world, it's my world Uhh, "Playlist Poison" I had a dollar to my name, a quarter in my jeans Million dollar vision now I'm livin out my dreams It's my world, it's my world, it's my world It's my world, uhh, yeah Comin down, uh {*plane touches down*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: David Banner f/ Big K.R.I.T. Album: Sex, Drugs & Video Games Song: Believe Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Chorus 2X: sample of Jodeci] Do you believe in love? And the promise that it gives I wanna love you for life Cause your love is why I live [David Banner] Banner when you coming back? Tell me when I ever left? I got two tatted on my spine You on my mind and in every breath Have I ever went on TV and not call your fuckin name? Yeah I slept with other dames, but my love for you don't change Give a fuck what haters say Bitch go drink some Gatorade Bitch I get that money too Never wood all in your face But when I'm gone I'm gettin cash While them niggaz on they ass Fat as fuck fallin off While I keep my foot all on the gas Keepin my hand all up on the grain God on my heart, money, or my brain I got a little money but my heart didn't change I bet a motherfucker gon respect your name Don't smoke that much, ain't on that dust Keep some Henn' all in my cup Take my fingers twist them fucks Say your name and throw it up [Big K.R.I.T.] You always on my mind when I'm on the road Doing shows, puttin it down For me and you, I remain true And represent 'til I'm underground You do the same just as I would change Hold your curb while the caddy swang On them fuck niggaz that ain't fuck with ya' Cuz of your past, until I came in yo life I ain't ashamed to call you my wife All these other hoes been trife Ain't no secret I be creepin, but I dedicate my life To your warm embrace, skin as soft as that red clay Heart beat like a 808 In my old school when I blast the bass Rep this here all in they face Proudly say you in a southern state, of mind Ain't no other worth my time And when I set ya' out, you shine For the world to see that you was meant for me And I love you so Mississippi I'm forever with ya through thick and thin I just need to know, do ya [David Banner] Why they wanna talk about us? They ain't never really gave a fuck about love They ain't never really gave a fuck about you A fuck about me, the S to I-P The J to A-C, the D to A-V-I-D B-A double-N E-R, rollin up 55 like a split cigar All of my folks yellin out "You can't make it nigga" I did though for my kinfolks You can't crush my heart its been broke In your river I been soaked When I hear your name it gives hope Don't smoke that much, ain't on that dust Keep some hen all in my cup Take my fingers twist them fucks Say your name and throw it up {*scratched: "Yeah"*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DJ Khaled f/ Big K.R.I.T., J. Cole, Kendrick Lamar Album: Kiss the Ring Song: They Ready Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ FLash [Intro] DJ KHALED! [J. Cole] And you know it don't stop, grindin 'round that clock Mastermindin my second album my first album just dropped Scored a touchdown on my first down niggaz thought I was gon' flop See I hustle like my momma but I look just like my pops And we still duckin cops, ride around and take shots Hennessy for my enemies, niggaz know I'm takin they spot Cause that score up on the play clock, show just how I came from way back Just like T-I-P told you +ASAP+ but you niggaz rappin like Aesop Get a grip - oh that's your dream car? Nigga that's my old whip Oh that's your dream girl? Nigga that's my old bitch Oh that's your new flow? Nigga that's my old shit This that new K.R.I.T. shit, that Cole shit, them country niggaz [Chorus: Cole] One for the money, two for the show Three for them hoes sayin anything goes They say they ready for whatever! They say they ready for whatever I been around the world, twice to be exact Six bad bitches and they lapped up in the back They say they ready for whatever! They say they ready for whatever [Big K.R.I.T.] Yo crew Shorty look what we got, my bass beat and it knock Got the old school in my old school 'bout to post up on yo' block Yo broad chose like she was supposed to and you up in arms cause she bopped Well I hate to say it but I got to say that I wish that they would just stop So fuck these haters, fuck these hoes that ain't slammin doors on they drop Y'all niggaz too young to remember how to the south used to be but I'm not So when it come to snappin Cadillacs, +SpottieOttieDopaliscious+ y'all pop You thought +Krit Wuz Here+ and +R4+ were the shit, bitch wait 'til my album drop Say that's yo' new car? Nigga that's my old slab Say that's yo' new bitch? Nigga that's my old stab Oh that's yo' new flow? That shit sound so trash This that new K.R.I.T. shit, that Cole shit, them country niggaz [Kendrick Lamar] Hold up.... but don't forget about Compton nigga One for the money, two for the show Three for +No Limit+ and the rest for +Death Row+ That means I been +Bout It Bout It+ and this is the realest shit I ever wrote And if anyone ever doubt it then they are the loudest of liars I know I only desire to blow, she only desire to blow and I hope that my dick is a whistlely flute, and that's not the instrumental Now pick up my coat You let that motherfucker drag like RuPaul, I'll drag yo' ass to the floor Bitch I can admit, I'm a recovered addict, paraphernalia that is Tellin the doctor I'm sick, head doctor I'm needing your lips, yea Proper analogy for it, if I can afford it then I won't ignore it, yea Cop me a palace and Porsche and right when I floor it that's when I switched - gears Living my life on Uranus, uh, keeping one foot in your anus, uh The other foot all on your neck, repeatedly stomp 'til I break it, uh Bitch I'm demandin respect, these bitches is tellin me take it DJ Khaled, even if I had callus, holdin the torch ain't no challenge Ain't it? The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lecrae f/ Big K.R.I.T. Album: Gravity Song: Mayday Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Big K.R.I.T.] Awakened from my slumber by the thunder, lightning clappin' Rainin on my window pane and praying I make something happen A preacher's prophecies never bothered me when I was younger Sittin on my grandma's lap, and she cried, I often wondered "What was her tears for? Could it be for my grandfather?" Or maybe she felt for me cuz I'd see more of those cold tomorrows Than she'd see. The world would up and turn on me Cuz the morals that she often spoke were meant for 1923 I fall asleep off in her arms, a psalm was spoken "The Lord is surely my shepherd" and "lead me to the water" A thought that often stuck with me, amongst the wolves that run the streets Out here payin dues then lose, I pray your ways would comfort me A non-believer I never have and never could be Lord, give me time to peep the signs I should see Sippin got me feelin like a player Ridin clean, bendin corners, hopin I might find my savior On the curb, I rarely go to church False prophets rockin Prada so I rarely feel the Word Jezebel's lurkin in the pews on the first Preacher's weaker than the deacon cuz it's hard to fight the urge It's hard to live and serve when you on the Devil's turf Sell your soul for the loan with no sense of what it's worth Don't get it twisted, I ain't no saint, I ain't no pastor But prayin ain't just for cloudy days and natural disasters Aware of what comes after, bet you ain't fo' sho' I was warned that heaven ain't the only place to go I'm doin what I can cuz there really ain't much time I leave 'dis in the Lord' hands, I'm tired of cryin' Man down! Hopin, prayin, sayin I can't turn Back now! He will find you, this world'll blind you, don't you be another Man down! Hopin, prayin, sayin you can't turn Back now! Help is just one prayer away Don't be afraid to say, "Mayday!" [Lecrae] Father forgive us for we know not what we do In my bias, I've been pious with my nose up in the pews Like Paul, I bear good news; they think I'm pall-bearin' My message sounds like death to these hearers as they perish Scary to think we on the brink of death But no one stops look for answers on what happens next Got a couple scriptures from our grandma, sayings from a preacher But can't live out these standards that we heard it takes to reach 'em But when I look at Jesus, He lived the life I couldn't Suffered for my crimes so I wouldn't I used to have to sneak into the movies 'cause I couldn't 'ford to pay So 'splain to me how some one paid my way When hear Krit confessin I respect him 'Cause most of us be lying like our lives don't need perfectin Nothin that we muster, Nothin that we can change Admitting that we're imperfect, offendin God with our games Look, I'm just being honest so don't take for me for no lame I seen it fo' myself; I'm a product of this thang Now I found true religion, and it's not inside of denim And them overpriced shades has never given us vision The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil' O f/ Big K.R.I.T., Devin Tha Dude, Jack Freeman  Album: Grind Hard, Pray Harder  Song: What Iz Ya Talkin' Bout  Typed by: Lil Hustle     [Jack Freeman]  Hey baby, ahh yeaaah  Girl don't play no games, (what is ya talking bout)  I'm trying to do something tonight girl, (if you ain't then I'm walking out)     [Hook: Jack Freeman]  Girl don't play no games, (what is ya talking bout)  I'm trying to do something tonight girl, (if you ain't then I'm walking out)  Let me know right now, (what is ya talking bout)  I'm trying to do something tonight girl, (if you ain't then I'm walking out)     [Lil' O]  Ay, I ain't got time for games  To tell the truth, I barely got time for ya name  The only thing I got time for, is dough  So if you ain't trying to fuck, girl it's time to go  See baby girl, a real playa time is precious  Her mouth moving, but my eyes on her breast'es  See I ain't trying to hear what ya saying  And I hope you ain't coime here, for no playing  See boo I got this Rosay, I got this good tree  And you just sipping chilling, smoking all my good weed  Now I done took ya out to eat, that's my good deed  Now it's time you treat a playa, I got hood needs  So at the end of the night, and we feeling super right  Baby girl I need to know, what we doing  I'm trying to Robert Earl the pussy, Screw tape tap-tap  Chop it up lil' mama is we screwing, I'm just saying man     [Hook]     [Devin Tha Dude]  Girl what are ya talking bout, what are you saying  You need to stop teasing me, girl you sound like you playing  My dick don't get no harder than this, here feel  Oooh now that's for real, I can get you high or you can chill  Just let me know, before I go out my way  And spend all my money, and my time the whole day  On nothing, and I wanna be nutting  And you sitting there, talking bout nothing  Fronting and shit, when you could be humping on this dick  Come on girl, I know that you would be loving it  Hugging it rubbing it sucking it, if you will  That would work for me, come on girl what's the deal  I'm fin to slide right through, give me a few  Minutes to get there, don't concentrate on ya hair too much  Cause I'ma fuck all that up, right quick  But you gon' get some good diiiiiick     [Hook]     [Big K.R.I.T.]  Is you sucking is you fucking, I was wondering I'm just saying  We can quit with all that chatter, and you can let me get to banging  On your backside let me get that act right, I know you know the sco'  G-g-g-get down on the flo', w-w-w-work like a pro  Do for me what you wouldn't do for ya man, let a real nigga beat ya out  Send you home pussy so' and all, but let that fuck nigga eat ya out  Chicken I couldn't be about it, if ya selling that then that's all fine  Some niggaz in here that'll pay for it, but not me I can't spend a dime  Best I can do is beat ya out, set ya out let ya shine  The world to see P-I-M-P, but pardon me if I waste ya time  Pardon me if I saw potential, thought ya had the fundamentals  To be a certified money making pro, but on the low you a gold digger  I can be it though don't be all in my face, searching for no figga fo'  Yours locked you need yo bed rocked, trying to see what your head bout  I'm just saying, I ain't never been the type for all those childish games  You in the wrong V.I.P. section, perhaps you kicking it with some lames     [Hook - 2x] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Phonte f/ Big K.R.I.T., Evidence Album: Charity Starts at Home Song: The Life of Kings Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com {I'M THE KIIIIIIIING~!" The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Rittz f/ Big K.R.I.T., Yelawolf Album: White Jesus Song: Fulla Shit Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com [Intro: Yelawolf] Yeah, uh... yeah! So I guess I just really don't know how to talk no more, man Don't know how to tell you the truth, bitch (Juh-uh-JEAH!) Truth is gonna hurt you and the truth might stop me from gettin some pussy ..So I'ma lie to you I'm fulla shit though, you know? {Burn One, Burn One} [Chorus: Yelawolf] I guess I'm, I guess I'm, fulla shit I don't know, how to, treat a bitch My momma said, I shoulda had, brown eyes Cause why? Because I'm, fulla shit I'm fulla shit, I guess I'm, fulla shit I don't know, how to, treat a bitch My momma said, I shoulda had, brown eyes Cause why? Because I'm, fulla shit [Rittz] Bitch ask me my name, I'll lie to ya Take it that I'm really incitin up Me just sayin you're a dimepiece, when you're really a 5 but I still run up inside of ya And sayin bye to ya, my girl she's so proud of the new Prada stuff, I just bought a bunch but can't tell it's a knockoff from a flea market I'm a piece of garbage, huh? But truth be told, I always was Tell a bitch whatever, make her fall in love Tell her that I hate her best friend, then I call her slut But when she ain't around, I call her up We got high, drunk a buncha alcohol and fucked Bitch found out and her heart was crushed Cryin to me but I told her it never meant nothin Innocent fuckin, that was all it was Swear on everything and to God above that I love you and I made a mistake Lyin to her, sayin shit like her friend couldn't even give head and her pussy just stank Like it's all about you girl, what I gotta do girl? Tell me and I'll make it okay So I bought the bitch a ring from the stall in the mall and the bitch couldn't tell that was diamonds is fake Shit, just the other day, I was ridin with a chick in my Cutlass, blazin dat herb (dat herb) We was snortin that white girl, with a liquor bottle on the console, wait it gets worse (worse) Some cop pulled me over, I'm not really sober I know I'm goin to jail if they search So I threw the cocaine in her purse When they ask about it, I'ma say that it's hers I'm fulla shit! [Big K.R.I.T.] Now when I say that I love you shawty, that really mean "Let's fuck!" I cain't see pass yo' lipgloss, prayin you down to suck Don't confuse me on no day, for a good guy that don't stray for a bitch witta fat ass and mouth, how the world the devil stay? Now don't play like you ain't down for beatin Pussy juice is secretin all on the table you eat at Don't get shocked shit was did, if I bust you can keep it Grab my clothes and some food up off in yo' stove I sneak out the do', that's why you sleepin Sayin, "Krizzle, that's too cold," my momma said, "Sew ya oats" I plow fields of blue pills and jump down a bitch's throat And summa y'all like dem picket fences with the matchin shirts with the wedding bells (naw) Ran off with the bride, interception behind the building, cum in her wedding veil Maybe that's somewhat out of line, but WHO am I not to hit one mo' time? 'Specially only lovin you and only fuckin you, shit she was prob'ly lyin Didn't get caught fuckin off with a nigga like me for fun, she was prob'ly tryin Hoe know I'm fulla shit, but that ain't never stop me from pullin a bitch I guess I'm.. [Yelawolf] I'm fulla shit, man I got more dirt than a dump truck (dump truck) Give a bitch a middle finger, amke it up like thumbs up (thumbs up) It's about my execution, lookin for that next-to-boo shit Holdin myself on (on), thinkin how do I make this text confusin (text confusion) (Yeaaaaaaaah~!) Yeah, I'm an artist! You see a Georgia Peach and see an orange Squeeze her dry, dry heavin starvin Thirsty hurry, see the garden Grow the flower, cut the pedals Give her the bulb because I'm heavy metal The President a-fulla shit I pull the shit to make you think I got a vote to settle Yelawolf is on a whole 'nother level That motherfucker's hot, don't hold the kettle Don't put ya finger on the trigger, baby be careful Shoulda backfired like an armed Beretta (Chk-BANG!!) Now you done shot ya face off Rittz I don't really know what to say, y'all I got so many bodies up under my belt that I'm runnin out of room, I don't know where to lay y'all I guess I'm a man yeah, I'm a man head, I'm a man, I'ma run 'til I'm done I guess I get a kick when I hear a bitch say, "Hey look bitch, here Yelawolf comes!" My ego's gettin bigger though, watchin my CD go in Best Buy One of these girls gonna do me like Left Eye I guess I'm, I guess I'm, fulla shit I don't know, how to, treat a bitch My momma said... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Roots f/ Big K.R.I.T. Album: undun Song: Make My Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com [Big K.R.I.T] I did it all for the money, Lord, it's what it seems Well, in the world of night terrors it's, hard to dream  Holl'n Cash Rules Everything, let's call it +C.R.E.A.M.+  'cause when it rises to the top, you get, the finer things Oceanfronts, rollin blunts, with model chicks and sayin grace over lobster and steak  like, "Please forgive us for ridin Benzes with camera plates" Too busy lookin backwards for jackers to pump my brakes For help sign to symbolize the lives that hunger takes Addicted to the green, if I don't ball I'll get the shakes I'd give it all for peace of mind, for heaven's sake My heart's so heavy that the ropes that hold my casket break 'cause everything that wasn't for me, I had to chase I had to chase... [Chorus: Dice Raw] They told me that the ends, won't justify the means They told me at the end, don't justify the dreams that I've had since a child, maybe I'll throw in the towel Make my make my make my make my departure from the world [Black Thought] Tryin to control the fits of panic Unwritten and unraveled, it's the dead man's pedantic Whatever, see it's really just a matter of semantics When everybody's fresh out of collateral to damage And, my splayin got me +praying+ like a +mantis+ I begin to vanish, feel the pull of the blank canvas I'm contemplatin, that special dedication to whoever it concern, my letter of resignation Fadin, back to black, my dark coronation The heat of the day, the long robe of muerte That soul's in the atmosphere like airplay If there's a Heaven I can't find a +Stairway+ The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Talib Kweli f/ Big K.R.I.T., MeLa Machinko, Outasight Album: Beautiful (S) * Song: Beautiful Typed by: newos_crib_is@hotmail.com * released in support of the American Cancer Society [Intro] "I was diagnosed with leukemia, May 2006, right before my 15th birthday  It made me stronger, and made me who I am today" "In May of 2010, at age 22, I was diagnosed with Hodgkin's lymphoma" "At 42, I was diagnosed with breast cancer in March of 2010" "I am a musician, this is the first time I've been in a studio without my horn  Last year I was diagnosed with colon cancer, but, it's in remission  Next year, my 75th birthday, I want to be here with my horn" [Big K.R.I.T.] No matter what the obstacle is, we fight through it If surviving's only half the battle, we won't lose it So have faith that better days are on the way I lend my hand to you, whenever you need me I'll stay I understand sometimes the world is type cloudy But like a plane with so much to gain, we fly out it Determination, dedication till the end I'm there every step of the way until we win cause I believe in prayer in God Almighty Get them burdens off your shoulders, send them to the highest Yeah, we can beat it, overcome the lows Being positive is key, you believe and it shows I spread awareness, be mindful of your health Be here for one another so you never by yourself One step at a time, one time for the cause I rep it for the world, I rap it for us all [Chorus: MeLa Machinko] + (Outasight) Don't run away from who you are Life's beautiful, beautiful, beautiful (life is beautiful) Pick yourself back on up Life's beautiful, beautiful, beautiful (life is beautiful) [Talib Kweli] This the highway of life, we stay 'driven' Then at some point, you arrive at a decision We flying high, we weather any condition We doing more than surviving because we living The music feel good, yes sir it'll satisfy you like a meal would, real good when it's going down It's the flavor that you savor when you wait It tastes great, compliments to the chef, he got taste Clean your plate, play the music in front of a glass of water Take a stale picture, see the crystals forming The horns make me feel victorious, the keys make me feel glorious The drums make me feel like a warrior The track feel 'BIG', Notorious Do it for the people feeling trapped in the corridor Nobody know what you're going through in a day But don't let yesterday ruin today, and they say [Outasight] Uh, yo, they say it's all for the money, but I don't wan' believe it I'm a man of my word, so whatever you been hearing is the truth Flatline, polygraph, that's me We could all use a 'break', spare of Apache Catch me crossing items off my bucket list cause life is good as you want it to get I paint a different portrait with any color I find The canvas is the world, and the brush is my mind I don't mind stepping out my comfort zone I think the greatest fear is the one of the unknown But if you afraid of living and you afraid of death Then I'm afraid you'll never take a step to the left or the right direction, tonight's confession I used to be scared of my own reflection and what would really happen if I fought that vision But the matter all along, if it's not good, it's gone [MeLa Machinko] Life is beautiful Don't run away from who you are, no [Outro] "The journey to recovery has been long and full of challenges and uncertainties  But today I'm healthy and stronger than ever  Life is beautiful" The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: T.I. f/ Big K.R.I.T. Album: I'm Flexin' (S) Song: I'm Flexin' Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com [Intro: T.I.] (Hold it) Yah, it's the King, cuh You know my demo, (Hold it) Maybachs, no limos, homes I'm sacked up too (Hold it) I don't know what dem folk doin I'm flexin though patna', (Hold it) leh'go, K.R.I.T. [Chorus: T.I.] (Big K.R.I.T.) (Hold it, hold it now) I'm flexin shawty  (Hold it now) I'm stupid, hoe (Hold it, hold it now) I'm reppin shawty  (Hold it now) Bitch, you ain't know? (Hold it, hold it now) I Gucci, patna (Hold it now) I Louis'd down ...Don't do it, patna (Hold it now) or it's goin down [T.I.] Yeah, I wear strap and roll on my Louie's, hoe  Akoo be matchin my kicks, bitch Paparazzi everywhere I go Got cameras all in my bih'ness (Haaaaah!) I rep the town, hold it down  Cruise all around in my old school My speakers loud and my reefer too  I ain't speakin, bitch, do you I know you? Feds want me back behind that wall  It's the only place that I cain't go I'm focused dawg, I ain't wit' that fuck shit  Thank it's sweet, but it ain’t though I'm tried and true when I'm ridin through I ain't hidin, they can just hate me My top is down and my pockets fat  and my diamonds clearer than HD [T.I.] I rep the west of that A like this Zone 1, I'm talkin bout Bankhead (Bankheaaaaad~!) Still in the trap like a goddamn brick 'cause I love the hood, the king ain't dead My +Hustle Grand+, my money long My spot on top, but y'all want that My position vacant, my crown await And my throne is empty, I own that Folks to Kirkwood and Ben Hill too Summerhill to Pittsburgh and all that Real goons will ride with me to Timbuktu I ain't Gucci dude, but you called that Marietta, East Point to Ol' Nat' area (I see you) Riverdale to Center Hill all day Decatur to Simpson Road, Zone 4, 4th Ward (A-Town stand up, homes!) Niggaz fuck with me always [T.I.] Them so-called dopeboys ain't sold enough OGs' ain't old enough Emcees ain't dope enough I still split yo' coconut You so-so, I'm like that (what?) Tight work bounce right back (What?!) Make room for your bitch, dawg Nigga, gon' get off my sack That loud pack I blow big Always stunt so big PLEASE don't get it wrong homie or them Gs gon bust your wig The A is mine, no questions asked The king home, bitch, the best is back My swag is turnt just like my sack I'm flexin shawty, who's stoppin THAT? [Chorus 2X] [Outro: T.I.] Okay mayne, you don't see what's in yo' face, big dawg? Yeah man, big banks no whammys, dawg you understand that? Yo, doin real, I'm talkin 'bout, REAL proper, patna You understand that? I got that sack, bruh Prison ain't changed shit, homeboy You understand that? Rubberbands on deck, that's why, homes Yeah, Big K.R.I.T., let's do this shit one time, man A-Town to M-Town, patna, it goin down MISSISSIPPI STAND UP~! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Trae Tha Truth f/ Big K.R.I.T., B.o.B, Bun B, Gudda Gudda,    Jadakiss, J. Cole, Kendrick Lamar, Mark Morrison, Tyga  Album: I'm On 2.0 single Song: I'm On 2.0 Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com [Intro: Mark Morrison] Return of the Mack  Return of the Mack Return of the Mack  You know that I'll be back (oww!) Return of the Mack (once again)  Return of the Mack (Pump up the world) Return of the Mack (Watch - my - flow)  You know that I'll be back  [Big K.R.I.T.] Today is the day, I get out on my feet Remove them chains, that's shackled on me Press my luck, stop fuckin with them hoes that cluck Cause the same motherfuckers the one that got me stuck Tryna use me up, 'til my tank on E Then leave me stranded, scramblin in these streets For a dollar a day, until my pockets is straight Soon as you move out the hood them niggaz holla ya fake Make 'em swallow the bass, from the kicker I'd rather be a dead man than a +N.I.G.G.E.R.+ I'd rather roll chrome rims than a swisha I gotta make moves, I cain't hang witcha They used to be the fly shit back in '95 But now I want a crib and a car I can drive And ain't nobody out there help me cause I'm grown Gotta leave them childish games alone Nigga I'm on [Trae Tha Truth] Chea! I'm in the hood, still prayin for a piece of plate I know he on his way, I'm hopin he don't make it late I'm up the bat, I just hope I make it to the plate I'm Babe Truth, you can tell 'em I'm one of the greats Used to shoot for the stars now my aim locked I'm Tha Truth nigga something that your name not A thousand watts ain't a thing that I cain't shock And ain't a wrist or a chain that I cain't rock Tell 'em I'm on, somethin like city lights I used to be out they sights, tinted like city nights Now a nigga be city to city on plenty flights You can tell 'em I put on for my city in plenty fights Tell 'em I ain't gon' lose, they heated like I'm a tan man 'Bout to throw ‘em in this drop with no ceilings so I can fan 'em Pull up on the mic (ah-HAAAAAH!), same color as the Phantom  And jump out on haters just to tell 'em I couldn't stand 'em [Jadakiss] Yeah, yeah I'm on top of my game yo  The OG Grand Daddy Kush, cocaine flow I'm about that +Cash+, not that +Tango+ Head shots, dump a whole clip in ya Kangol (yep) Claim to be a real nigga, we know you ain't though (naw) I be in the hood, all the places you cain't go (haha) Visuals, you can see the pictures I paint yo Residuals, I just put it all in the bank yo, it's pitiful Hoes only after your bankroll Stay off the phone, watch out for the plain clothes (Narcs') Yeah I rep my set, I ain't in the gang though (D-Block) And I protect my neck, I carry the thing yo (yep) I'm on the same shit that the boss is on Do it for those in the feds, up north or gone (Wood) I'm on a winning streak, I done got my losses on It's ironic cause even when I'm off I'm on Yeah, I'm on, uh, what! [Chorus: Mark Morrison] I'm on, I'm on (WHOOOOOOOOOOOA-OOO-OO-Oo-ohh) I'm on, I'm on (WHOOOOOOOOOOOA-OOO-OO-Oo-ohh) I'm on, I'm on (WHOOOOOOOOOOOA-OOO-OO-Oo-ohh) I'm on, ooh yeah-hey-ee (WHOOOOOOOOOOOA-OOO-OO-Oo-ohh) I'm on [J. Cole] I'm 'bout to cop the Porsche Eternally grateful for the support, made the cover of The Source Flashback to the Ports, the city of no remorse Where they shootin back and forth like they playin H.O.R.S.E. May the force, be with you, bullet hit you You bleed then I bleed with you Mama please when you grieve damn I grieve with you This a preview I see you in the summer My new shit dumber, I'm on [Kendrick Lamar] Life at the bottom is devastating You're hardly ever debated, the party is obligated by suckers that wanna be you and never live in the matrix And never ever related to struggle and dedication Your hustle is nominated, anonymous then you faded The promises that a victory lap is surely awaited They vomited everytime that a rapper's annihilated Just wish them happy belated - Fuck you~! I made it, I'm on [B.o.B] Tokyo to Amsterdam, Denver to LA (yea) Minutes turn to hours and hours to pay (yea) The days turn to nights but the nights never change It's funny how "time is money" used to be a turn of phrase But now it's company policy, I'm no spokesperson (No doe) No tricks, no gimmicks, no coercion (Hol' up) And they say, "Bob, man it's good to have you back" (what?!) But I say, "I have been here, where the fuck have y'all been at?" [Tyga] HAH! Thinkin how Pac lived at 22 that's '93 I was four, now I'm 22 on tour One-two shots of my life, barely hold on But I'm drawn to this feeling of adrenaline When mic's on, lights on, and they gon' applaud Young nigga, Versace they never seen before And they gon' watch me, wanna copy shit I got on I'm too fly, I ain't got a flaw Tell the law we above the law God bless, amen, every lost soul  and the group so good went solo Globetrottin, now I'm blowin up like an afro Nigga thought you knew what I do Rollin through ya area, Double R coupe Penthouse level, now we only party on the roof Bitch I'm a rebel so I move how I wanna move Last King, YMCMB {*BOOM!*} [Gudda Gudda] Used to run around the hood pickin honeys up Now I'm doin shows 'round the world pickin money up Used to be slept-on like a pillow Went from trappin in a rental to rappin on instrumentals Now it's money on my mental and women get sentimental, huh It's cause the flow is sweet as a pack of Skittles, nah? Yellow, gold, yellow diamonds in the middle now Stand up nigga, I was never known to settle down [Bun B] Well as the world spins around and around on its axis Boys flip from town to town with the package Stuffin bills and pounds of browns in a mattress Sendin clowns underground for practice The fact is everybody wanna be the king with the crown (crown) But never in the battle when the drama goes down (down) Easy to be the boss from behind the wall But we gon' see who really down when it's time to brawl (c'mon) Cause you gotta be careful about the image you portraying (huh) You gotta show love to where you from all day And when the goin gets rough, don't get to goin, get to stayin Put it down for yo' people with no delayin, know I'm sayin? [Outro: Mark Morrison] I'm on... I'm on... ooh yeah-hey-ee I'm on 