The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Brand Nubian Album: One For All Song: All For One Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Verse One: Grand Puba I hit a beat and swing a note as if my name was David Ruffin Quick to toast an MC just like an english muffin Don't worry about a thing cause the Puba's never bluffin I gets headaches from the wack, so then I take a Bufferin and I max I wait until the opportune time and then I tax But should I max? Now they say sinning is for sinners so I guess I'm not a sinner Beginnings is for beginners so I guess I'm no beginner This is how I spark it, with money in my pocket When it comes to having pressure I gets hard as a rocket MC Grand Pu, coming through all the residue The songs remain classics, dating back to the Babalu My boys I call em hot, the phones all of them jock And I can think of many episodes I swung in Lincoln Park No I'm not a phony and I got a tenderoni Love the way she is -- not too fat, not too bony Don't drink Sanka, won't sink like a tanker Knock the boots of a skirt in Casablanca and I thank her Some rappers stink, like Englebert Humperdink Better yet Dick Caveat, I got a bad habit Similar to the girl, on She's Gotta Have It I think with the brain and I whip behind the zipper I'm living kinda good similar to Jack Tripper A landlord named Roper did a show at the Copa When I finish with this, I'll be paid like Oprah So if honey wants to act fly I'll just play like Guy and I'm [saying bye bye..] [.. dumb bitch] Stick out your thumb and hitch cause you've been cut off like a lightswitch See I'm programmed to slam with the summer, spring, and fall Before I do a show I get some kicks out the mall Then I get my gear and I give Trev a call Cause he works in the barbershop, right behind the mall Other rappers tried to rob me but you know they got did To put it blunt, honey I smoked the kids So hookers back off break North here comes the regulator Cause you doesn't find none greater Verse Two: Derek X (now Sadat X) On file is a style that's why you caught a clip My suitcases is packed and I'm going on a trip to Mic-a-delphia I go for self and still be slamming The school bell is ringing and I caught somebody cramming for the test, oh yes, my study guide was thick I cut you with my verbal didn't hurt you just a nick off your face don't play possum watch me and I'll blossom like a rose And get some new clothes and a fresh fade from Rob Jump on the phone and dial the Now Rule Mob Now come one, come all, we about to get hectic If my crew don't get in, then the x makes an exit to the rear, I'm outta here, don't front on my brothers I take care of them before I take care of others Now wood bats is doomed in the ninties it's aluminum Step to the stage with a mic and I'm doing him something awful I'm a citizen and I'm lawful I go to hunt another fall, rip the policemen's ball I got the power to make a car stall I guess I'm great, from blackness, and when the crowd slackens I stop drinking, and then I start thinking About days in the past when Derek X was last but now I'm on the top damn news travels fast cuz I'm like that! They can't see this Read my book, it contains many pieces of verses I took the time to delete all the curses So moms reach deep in your purses And buy me take me home and try me and do me well Verse Three: Lord Jamar Well, while I reign rhymes pour You suck it up like a straw and jump on the dancefloor Cause every time I step in a jam I make like a door and slam But then girls try to turn my knob cause I'm a hearthrob I guess it's just a hazard that comes with the job Cause everytime I rock a rhyme that shows Jamar is intellectual Girls want to get sexual Well I guess I have to cope with being so dope You want to be me, but can't see me with a telescope You seek and search but still you can't find You're weak and it hurts to be deaf dumb and blind A supreme mind, will take you out of your paralysis I grip the mic so tight I get callouses And your analysis, is that the Lord Rips rhymes into shape with a mic cord I do it good cause I'm a postive black man Eating up suckers as if I was Pac Man Not a Dapper Dan fan I stay casual To rock like the J it comes gradual You got to know the ledge of wise and dumb And understand your culture of freedom Power equally with the Gods so you can build and form your cipher All your life you must teach true Of the true and living God, not a mystery spook And when you do that, pursue that goal which made the student enroll, and only then you'll prosper The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Brand Nubian Album: One For All Song: Feels So Good Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash "Feels so good!" (3X) [Brand Nubian trades off rhyming each line] Yes yes yes It's a test test test Now Rule is the town WHERE WE REST REST REST If you were wondering were the ballistics finally in Once again, BRAND NUBIAN! You and your girl came to see the three rock NOW SHE STAYS Kick the funky lyrics, throw her down TO HER PJ'S Lay her on the floor and do work IN THREE WAYS After the party Guess what? Aiyyo she's still payin! "Feels so good!" [Derek X] I got this girl a mink sable, in return I got a cable Her name was Fat Mabel and she brought my kid to table Ate pasta with this rasta, went out with her sister Her hands on her chin, thought she was a mister Went out disco dancing and my feet I made blister Smacked in the face until I finally I dissed her [Grand Puba] Encounter with a stunt, and I'm out for spot fronts And stunts was on the wiggy, I thought her name was Ziggy But her name was Lucy and I met her on the deucey Put me on hold to go in a store to get loosey (COME ON) [Lord Jamar] Aiyyo mack she need to stop it Now let me kick some flavor since we're building on the topic cause yo, I knew this girl and her name was Tina She rested in Medina, never saw eyes greener than hers But yo there was just one little flaw, the green eyes  I had to penalize, cause they was bought in a store A synthetic cosmetic, it was pathetic If they was real, then yo she got the credit But they wasn't so she doesn't I like the natural look, so I kicked it to her cousin "Feels so good!" (2X) [Grand Puba]		C'mere let me put it to you like this sugar [Jamar - singing]	Don't go changing, to try to please me [Puba - singing]	Don't change the color of your hair! [all together]		Your hair, your hair, your hair! [Jamar - singing]	I said no no no I just want someone [Puba - singing]	that I can talk to! 			I'll take you just the way you are! [Derek X]		Word is bond! [Lord Jamar]		Yeah right! [Grand Puba] Too hot to handle when I was young I used to vandal Giving girls the comfort like a foot and a sandle Always help another brother, NEVER running scandals And if I hit the skids, well I'll just PANHANDLE Now I'm gettin papes, but stunts gets the vapes I see it as a joke cause they break when you're broke I can give a ROAR like an ancient dinosaur (Rrrwwaoorrr!) Swing a microphone like the great mighty Thor Puba Maxwell is the mack that's hyphenated Girls seem to love the way my things are situated Hump on a bump til them bumps is feelin sore Take a quick breather then I'm goin back for more! "Feels so good!" (2X) [all together]		Brother, Derek X, KICK FLAVOR [Derek (Sadat) X] I do my thing like B.B. King my microphone is named Lucille Throw a dip in my hip so they call me extra ill Making big hits from tidbits, how I make my bread Do some situps, and squat thrusts, to keep a level head cause I'm WELL BRED, and mannered, I create in my workshop Stay up late at night until my brain says to stop Then I quit, wake up in the morning and continue it I find the same line, and add some more (shit) that's hype But my stripes, marks me by champ Check out the bass coming from the power amp I'm the controller and like Ayatollah I used to live in Saudi Arabia I never come out straight out with an answer Just a yes, or a no, or a maybe I do but with my crew sometimes I get BLAZED Jump on the floor and kick a new dance craze I can read and I've red since the days of ? If rhymin is fundamental, then light up a spliff and grab, and not an ounce of flab, is on my body My mother's part spanish, my father's part yardie I'm not a junior, try to see me catch a ? I got yeast to rise straight through the moon "Feels so good!" (manipulated several times) [Grand Puba]		Lord Jamar, God Allah step to it! [Lord Jamar] Girls scope this, like in astrology they knowledge me That's cause I'm God, but don't look too hard in the sun cause you might get done My number's seven, that's SIX PLUS ONE Now any way you count Lord Jamar will amount to be a tower, so yo, knowledge my power As I conclude, to girls I won't be rude Just verbally feedin em my mental food I embellish with lyrics, that can't be contested Serve em straight from my mouth and in your ears they're digested The rhyme I say, is out of the ordinary Some say unique I prefer the term EXTRAORDINARY MC's rhymes are ancient like a dinosaur fossil They're weak and outdated while my rhymes are collosal Like a Lamborghini, I look good, and I'm expensive Plus the power I'm unleashing is just, too intensive Discombublatin MC's with thin mind percentage Guys like my rhymes, girls like MY MASCULINITY When I'm on the mic I say what I feel I'll never perpetrate cause the God's for real It's like that (THAT) and at my jams you know you'll never be bored So just dance and scream, praise the Lord [Grand Puba] Alright now this is how we gonna do it before we get out like Shout [Brand Nubian trades off rhyming each line] We used to be some soloists but now we form TRI-PACK And if you try to step to this you just might catch an EYE JACK And if you were intelligent, you really wouldn't TRY THAT This is just one black, WE'LL BE BACK! [Grand Puba going "La la la la, la la-lah" in the background] To my man Alamo  And to the man Sincere To my man Mark the Spark  And to my brother Melachon And Skeff Anslem on the board  Aiyyo check this out  We got some shoutouts for my man Grand Puba  youknowhatI'msayin since he doin the "la la-lah"  He wanna say peace to his man C-T-W-O To my man Zee I'll see you real soon! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Brand Nubian Album: One For All Song: Concerto in X Minor Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash ["Rat Pack" style announcer] Well ahh, good evening my nubian brothers and sisters ahh Tonight we got a REALLY big show ahh really big show ahh Con-duc-ting his Con-cer-to in X Minor We have, the brother, Derek X Ahh, his theme tonight, will be on racism, in a New Yawrk, backdrop Brother Derek X.. [Derek (Sadat) X] Aw yes yes yes thank you thank you thank you and alla that, yo Before I get this wreck I wanna give a STRONG shout to all the positive brothers and sisters that's out there And I just wanna let y'all know who I came down here with I slid in here with Lord J and Alamo with the A And I came to get wreck, like THIS!! I'm kinda blessed so I wrote this manifesto for life Co-signed by the others with a knife 	* Alamo cuts and scratches "Brand Nubian!" * On the real tip let's take a field trip from the ghetto You pick the time and we'll meet in the meadow to discuss racial issues and tension New York's a powder keg did I forge to mention? 	* Alamo cuts and scratches "New York, New York" * Now case in point y'all remember that Brooklyn Bridge joint when things got wild and willy? Yeah that day the FEDS played the role of the bully "Up against the car!" 	"Yo I ain't even do nuttin man" "Aiyyo shut up or you get smacked!" 	"Yo why you pushin me why you hittin me man?" Now Huey Newton was slain and we all felt the pain of Yusef Hawkins, and they was mad but we was squakin They tried to show a false compassion, yet at the rally they tried to bash in our brains Further adding to the bloodstains I was mad at this news and so was my brothers And I wanted to get violent but I'm a lover of black mothers And black mothers need sons Not children that's been killed by guns.. It's, just a-nother form of slavery, a modern day lynchin The others get the world, the black man feels the tension inside, not out to hide, just provides us all the answer I will stop racial injustice if I get the chance to! 	* Alamo cuts and scratches "When the revolution comes" * Now, the civilized man's main goal is to teach And I try to achieve this with verbal outreach in my community, and all outlaying counties Spread the message of good with my Now Rule mighty Step up to the right, dispense and be known Remember what I said is to teach your own at home first, and as we disperse I sparks your head like a cloudburst Ya don't stop, ya don't quit Derek X I'm guaranteed to be the ultimate (Brother Derek X) I kicks the flavor! So bust that I drop the stack from my almanac It's all truth so it's got to be a shown fact So keep on this is the dawn of the Capricorn Turtle A rhyme that I kick is stored daily in my journal or my diary when speakin on the black man I gets fiery The record's in the record store, category's black war Best you ever saw and it comes in a three or a four pack In a month or two I'll be back to confer with you on both of my works In my contract, I get crazy perks from Elektra See me kick this rhyme and I covered the whole spectrum This is the final verse, grand finale in Crescendo Message substance of the X cannot be thrown out the window unseen, lean two years past the teen Never use makeup got a natural sheen It's like that y'all let's have a ball I'm Derek X about six feet tall Yeah and as I stop this wreck for one sec I wanna give a shout to the Grand Puba Also to club kid Marley Marl ("I understand that time is running out") Pete Rock from the Vernon I wanna give a shout to Mike P and Cherokee also in Tucson ("I understand that time is running out") Rich with the carry on I wanna give a shout to all the Gods in Now Rule ("Understand that time is running out") Melacasis, Sea and my man True Born I wanna give a shout to Big Bob ("Time is running out") Scooby Real and the whole Mob from the Stallion Mark the Spark And I'm outta here 	* Alamo cuts "Running out" * The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Brand Nubian Album: One For All Song: Ragtime Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [GPM] Hit her, I mean let's hit this [??1] That's not straight [??2] Do it God, ya bwoy let's do it now seen?   Let's pull it bwoy [Grand Puba Maxwell] Aiyyo, check this out Brand Nubian gettin ready to swing this ep' We got the Grand Puba, we got Derek X on the flex We got, Lord Jamar, we got Alamo with the A, Ron Stud! And my man Ep Rock X, kick the flavor for me on this one Cause we gettin ready to be out of here in a, sec [Derek X/Sadat X] Wild, New York raw as my voicebox soars I'll open your pores cause it's one of my chores Kickin beats to boggle rhythms, cuttin rhymes to a schism People often wonder and ask.. Is I'm the best? Surely you jest, I'm not down with the rest In fact.. they failed the test It's my vernacular that's simply spectacular My bite is in your neck it's the effect, of Dracula Man on a mission, go to school with low tuition Can't even keep account, of the G's I be kissin But oh I beg your pardon, the race, is startin The criminals is there and I'm the hardest of the hard And it's a feet for you to meet me on any given day The adjective - AMAZING, spelled with an 'A' and a 'G' on the end, by usin, my pen Set forth on a journey for the, perfect blend Rhymin was a fad in the days of my dad Now MC's is makin G's and goin for bad The X in my name makes it, all official Am I the King? Well that's the so-called issue Rollin off the tongue was the fresh one-liner And CB talker was the zero one-niner Took a slight drop from the tip of the top Now I'm out for mines and I'm goin to clock What's mine on the line on a rhyme I will dine Never ate the pig can't deal with the swine Keep on, yes my word is bond Speakin that knowledge like Farrakhan Cause it's ragtime! [Grand Puba Maxwell] Ah yeah it's ragged, let's do it! Aight now we got Lord J Lord J, yo c'mon now Kick, the flavor, to this Drop it like this (I'ma swing it like this) [Lord Jamar] I like to drop bass, cause when it hits, I bounce em I do this with my seven and my one half ounces of brain which I contain, to manifest thought The record is bought so I figure I ought to elaborate (Might as well) as minds in turn collaborate I speak the facts black, I don't exaggerate I just get to the bare essential Demandin that I talk, of my credentials, cause yo I never slept, my mind was in the right place Now let's take our steps and retrace back to a time, when black was defined as Original, God-like, Supreme Divine Refined is my mind that's why I'm buildin There was a void in New York but now it's filled in by the Lord J, don't forget the A-M-A to the R, now say I'm a Star (You a Star, J!) Well you can be one too Now here's all you got to do (whatcha gotta do?) You got to know Knowledge of Self's the foundation Know wisdom's the way to let it outcome Understanding is the manifestation And cutural freedom, the final turnout, cause it's ragtime [Grand Puba Maxwell] That's definitely ragtime Now let me brag mine! Let me brag mine Hit this in the 90's Hey yo, bust it (here I go here I go here I go) As I, stand as a pharoah and beat up on Eliza Trick ends on my friends, cause Puba's not a miser Last longer than a Duracell, or a Energizer I got a little older but a whole lot wiser When it comes to shootin ? I'm a damn good shooter MC Grand Puba should be worshipped like a buddha I boogies to the rhythm, kicks all the flavortism Damn I gets busy, though makin rhyme I gets bizm Always help another meaning sister or a brother Just a little tip I picked up, from my mother Smooth as Ali Baba once I week I see the barber So honey pucker up cause I'm a DAMN good slobber Mr. Exquisite, dressed in silk, Bally's made of lizard So honey, what is it? (What is it?) I rock a rhyme at a wedding, next tour I'm probably heading You wanna beat like this? Check the stack of Otis Redding I'm hurtin like a blister, confusin like Twister Not a only child, four brothers and one sister Not a rinky-dinky never snackin on a Twinkie When it comes to flexin I can bend like a Slinkie So here comes the champ, to civilize a tramp When brothers try to play me, that's when the Pub' gets amped So smile - here comes the picture - click! A humble type brother so don't play me as a vic' I can relate to the Good Times, the Cosby's on the sometimes Go ? on a Sunday then it's back at work on Monday Take my gear to the cleaners, buy pants or a Beamer Then I'm out, bangin crackheads, I can do without (Definitely, why not Puba? Why why why?) Cause it's ragtime * ad libs to outro * The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Brand Nubian Album: One For All Song: To the Right Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Grand Puba Maxwell] Yeah we're gonna swing this one to the right Wanna give a shout to my man Pos K My man Big Daddy, he's cool Now Rule Mob Check it out Well honey here's a hickie, Puba's not a quickie When it comes to skins, God damn I'm picky Who will be the princess to occupy the prince? And if she's less than dope I hope the limo's got tints Now honey, you see this may sound profound but LET ME LOVE YOU DOWN And if I'm Uptown I'm back downtown All the skins I've been in I gets no frowns You see doo-doo MC's, really think they can outlast.. I smell gas As a yung'un I was thefty, born as a lefty The rhymes I drop, somethin more than hefty Roll like a Ranger, Puba's no stranger For those who try to diss me - uh-oh, danger Used to drink the Olde E, cool as Jeff Spicoli When I played soccer with the dreads that play goalie Here steps the one that's capable, of slaughterin For those who wanna bite get the catalogue, start orderin cause - Puba's shit is on stock Ock I shape the wig like a woodblock I like to dip dip dive, a Benz I'm soon to drive I guess you can call this my nine to five I send my lust to scoop skins with my skin buster Freak the mind and butt behind and I gots the Georgia But hang on for a sec! You don't have to worry about the Puba gettin wreck Cause to me see it's more than likely And if I flow too fast, let me, slow down slightly Let's take a trip expenses paid money grip Don't flake or flam, cause Puba's not HAVIN IT [Derek X/Sadat X] Derek X to the right C'mon and clap your hands for Zulu Nation C'mon and clap your hands for Zulu C'mon and clap your hands for Zulu Nation C'mon and clap your hands for Zulu You see me rock a video and slam shit up on _Feels So Good_ There was no doubt about it, cause I knew that I would Before I kick these lyrics that I rip and I rule with This girl done tried to cram cause she was down with the OLD SCHOOL She.. smacked me, attacked me, harassed me til I swung But I made her see stars cause her bell rung (See an Uptown girl is much different than a downtown girl!) No.. I'm.. not a wife beater No.. I'm.. not a girl cheater I nipped this problem in the bud with my force from the Rule and my man Ron.. Stud.. (Word to life!) So give a shout if you know what I'm talkin about And if you don't then brother you're lost I had a boss, traded it in for a horse It died, I made glue, it's no loss I'm the boss at my job cause I hire all workers Tired of the sob story tear jerkers Compassion, for fashion never seen in our slums Never sold work, never handled no gems So que sera sera as the fat lady sings But when the bell toll is the song I sing Taken up the flights, whether Uptown or Crown Heights I pound a bunch of you after lunch cause I do right Appear from the rear with my Clan, and I'm the Cave Bear Rip up the street on my worldwide tear So loudly my troops, and let's form three groups Wreck time is here, so let's get paid on free loops [Lord Jamar] Allah Jamar to the right Peace God! (Yo knowledge the God) Peace God! You're captivated by the science cause the lesson's mathematical Jamar rockin the jam, is an emphatical Y, equal, Knowledge Born I go on, although clothes get torn by weaker Cypher men.. cause what came from my pen made 'em lust, now I must Rush out the back door, in-to the alley Girls in pursuit, enough to form a rally I didn't wanna scuff up my brand new Bally's So I made a quick dip, like I was goin back to Cali Took the Lear jet, don't fear yet Comin on your earset! So as I hit program, you know I'm gonna slam Cause even in my name there's a funky live "Jam" Don't eat Spam or no types of ham Polite to all women so I say, "Yes ma'am!" Sniffin a gram ain't flam, it's kinda weak Jamar I keep you open through the rhymes I speak Not down with a frat, no I ain't no Greek _A Message From a Blackman_ is what you seek! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Brand Nubian Album: One For All Song: Dance to My Ministry Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [GPM] Peace God! [LJM] Aiyyo peace [GPM] What's the science? [LJM] Elevation [GPM] You gettin ready to drop math on this? [LJM] True indeed my brother [GPM] Well it's time to start the revolution [LJM] Aight, so let's start this [Lord Jamar] See it's a positive force which guides my course It ain't Little Bo Peep, who's sheep Little lost It's the Tribe, the God Tribe of Shabazz First on the planet Earth, but definite to be the last If Allah stands, she'll pass Students enroll, while Jamar teach class Seminar I give, is for you to live Not try to keep your mind captive I break shackles, tear down tabernacles Any problem in sight, Jamar tackles Bones crackles as I start to break the body of the snake that's fake! Unto my people, lies and deceit through trickery, but, Hickory Dickory Dock, time's run out on the clock The shepherd is here to protect the flock With my staff I walk through the wilderness Build on math, and destroy all the villainous criminals Perpetratin constant subliminal signs to brainwash the minds of the unknowin, kept church goin It's time to shine light, that's why I'm Provin and Showin That the age has come to be concious not unconcious, cause in your subconcious mind you find I speak the truth, from the DJ booth straight to the youth, of the inner city, and the outskirts Some may disagree, but yo hey, the truth hurts Lord Jamar, and I'll advance in the industry I'm makin sure you can dance to my ministry Now dance! .. Aiyyo come, into my laboratory I'ma take you on a tour.. An ankh is the key and the key is knowledge which unlocks my lab's door.. Kemet lets you enter, heat generates from the center Lord Jamar's an inventor Production of black facts, put on to a black wax I got a lot to say, set in stacks To the Right is where I keep my fuel The Qu'ran and 120 lessons Am I the nicest? Count your 12 jewels Word is bond, cause the Gods keep testin Why the test? Cause I'm 'fessin this duty of the civilized From the dumb you bring forth the wise So they can open their eyes to their being And finally realize it's just the all-eye seeing Black Man Supreme, knowledge machine The Alpha and Omega, the Arm-a-Leg-a-Leg-a-Arm-a-Head And like jam these facts will spread over the thoughts of the white bread Cause we've been misled for the longest Time to rise up and gather our strongest Brothers and sister, Mrs. and Misters He rose and she rose, we'll take em from the zero With raw funk, to thee and show em, how it ought to be Cause it's passively, hell I fought for thee culture of my ancestry And made it so you can dance to my ministry So dance! .. Aiyyo I wanna peace to the Father Allah and Justice I wanna say peace to all the Gods and Earths and all the positive people of the universe I wanna say peace to the God Sincere The God Supreme, Lakim Shabazz and the God Jahwell from Vernon I wanna say peace to my Nubian brothers Maxwell, Derek X, and Alamo Wanna say peace to my physicals, Tony D and Lil' Terrance I wanna say peace to my good brother Q-Tip from A Tribe Called Quest, De La Soul And last but not least I wanna say peace to the grandfather Bambaataa of the mighty Zulu Nation And I'm out y'all Knowledge Knowledge The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Brand Nubian Album: One For All Song: Drop the Bomb Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Grand Puba] PEACE my Nubian brothers.. ("Peace!") Aiyyo knowledge this we came here to do one thing And this is what we gonna do We gonna drop the bomb ("Drop the bomb!") We gonna drop the bomb ("Drop the bomb!") We gonna drop the bomb ("Drop the bomb!") We come to drop the bomb ("Drop the bomb!") [P]	We gonna drop the bomb on the Yacub crew 	("Drop the bomb!"), ("Drop the bomb!") [J]	We gonna drop the bomb on the Cave-Man crew 	("Drop the bomb!"), ("Drop the bomb!") [X]	We gonna drop the bomb on the Ignorance crew 	("Drop the bomb!"), ("Drop the bomb!") [P]	We gonna drop the bomb 	cause that's what we come to do 	("Drop the bomb!"), ("Drop the bomb!") [Lord Jamar] Well I, build like a mason, facin the East Brought West, to the belly of the beast Pro-test, because this land ain't just I seek equality and freedom is a must Now if understand is understood well that's good On equal planes we can bring forth gain Rise the dead, from the graves of slaves Fly the head, of the men in the caves Try instead, to unify with our own plan Why do we fear, the devil now that he's a grown man Cause he bought you, taught you how to eat the wrong food But now it's time for fasting Life everlasting, offer thy I-self lord and master and all things in my circumfrence Lord Jamar makes a difference I have no tolerance for black ignorance I keep striving, driving cause I'm driven By the course of Allah, the true and living cream of the planet earth God of the universe The first soul, black like coal That's how old, there's no set birth record The devil couldn't check it even if he wants to check it The Nubians wreck it, all will respect it so I think we'll go ahead with Knowledge Knowledge "Drop it!" -- Flavor Flav 	("Drop the bomb!"), ("Drop the bomb!") * DJ Alamo cuts n scratches "Drop it!" * 	("Drop the bomb!"), ("Drop the bomb!") [Derek (Sadat) X] What I provide will collide with devilish ways of thinking Erasing false facts that started, with Abe Lincoln being great, used his weight, and freed the slaves but did he free us? Take a look around at the black man, see us Illiteracy rules, they showin cartoons in school They're way understaffed, and I don't understand the math Now the way the system works the black man can get the purchase Drop the family, it neutralizes many Like wards of the state, doin one to ten in ?Dan Amora? The welfare system can create a black horror Now some people need the money but others, they can manage By doin this they take away the cats who're disadvantaged And the long list grows, more dependancy bodes This creates a cycle but a cipher unequal This is the wrong circle that contains the black people Now the way devil got us is the way the devil want it He try to hold us back and he overly floss it This ain't even his land the Indians was here first The savagery displayed made the red man disperse I'm out to squash the whitewashed brainwashed line of thought I got a million books and a school in the fort in the Rule, with three great teachers Thoughts to seal made it clear is also a great feature So beware devil man the days of ? is almost over The army's on the range, you think it's kind of strange Nubians is in the picture, Armageddon's gonna hit ya "Drop it!" -- Flavor Flav 	("Drop the bomb!"), ("Drop the bomb!") * DJ Alamo cuts n scratches "Drop it!" * 	("Drop the bomb!"), ("Drop the bomb!") * DJ Alamo cuts n scratches "Drop it!" * 	("Drop the bomb!"), ("Drop the bomb!") * DJ Alamo cuts n scratches "Drop it!" * 	("Drop the bomb!"), ("Drop the bomb!") [Grand Puba] Well here I go from the tippy so those who wanna flow let's go, steppin in stride as I move with pride Blind deaf and dumb the God Haji's here to guide Follow me now children For wisdom, I always seem to give a coniption Unlike a pimp, I'm more like an Egyptian Straight to the Kingdom is where I bring them and I school em, Now Rule is where I rule em He Allah, God Islam, now act But let me slow down cause Eighty-Fives can't get with that It's Haji, helpful to another God in need (Word is bond) True indeed The devil is the one who dare not to knight us Brought forth the plan on how to divide us Jamaicans, Christians eatin bacon, when I greet my brothers I say, "Asalaam alaikum!" So I, strive to my duty for the better of the black man Everywhere you look the black man is on the map and here comes a Nubian to give a hand and feed a land When I drop my bomb it's headin straight for the colored man Known as Asiatic confrontation causes static Might I add, I sincerely love Allah's Mathematic So let's move on, the mental of the black man has been taught I feel it's my Justice Cypher Bond to keep on I come to reach one Each one teach one, so here I come to the drum Pull it back on time, pull it back! * Alamo rewinds * Cause see the purpose of me comin is to give a third eye to the blind For years we fought, the blind's been taught, the chains in thought But this time, black man we're takin no shorts Can't be used as a tool, nor as a slave Here comes the God to send the devil right back to his cave So Uncle Tom just be alarmed cause it's time to 	("Drop the bomb!"), ("Drop the bomb!") * DJ Alamo cuts n scratches "Drop it!" * 	("Drop the bomb!"), ("Drop the bomb!") * DJ Alamo cuts n scratches "Drop it!" * 	("Drop the bomb!"), ("Drop the bomb!") * DJ Alamo cuts n scratches "Drop it!" to the end * The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Brand Nubian Album: One For All Song: Wake Up Typed by: OHHLA.com The attribute Haji helper to another god in need He Allah God Islam As I proceed to civilize the uncivilized  Word to wisdom from the groove to the wise I guess I'm like the verbalizer for the fact I'm moving blackwards This asiatic black man is a dog spelled backwards The maker, the owner, the cream of the planet Earth Father of civilization, God of the universe Manifesting thought with my infinite styles Making sure this travels only 23 million miles The other six I set the crucifix Cause the heart of the problem is this: Preacher got my old earth puttin money in a pan For the rest of the week now I'm eating out of soup cans He has a home, drives a Caddy through town Has my old earth believing that he's coming from the ground (Jesus) Slain were those who fought for what was right Slayed are those who fell victim to the bite Of drugs, controlled substances contained in a vial Set up by the devil as he looks and he smiles Good at the game of tricknology But I have knowledge of myself you're not fooling me You see, the answer to me is black unity  Unification to help our bad situation I wrote this on the day of wisdom power All being born to myself I won't diss the next brother to be paid that's not my trade It's just the plan that was designed by the colored man Now our babies are born to think this is the way of us (way of us) That's the way the devil wants it so it is no fuss (it is no fuss) It's just that sad old song self-destruction To stop our reproduction And put our wisdom before us (murderer) That makes it wisdom knowledge (murderer) So we need knowledge wisdom to bring forth the understanding (murderer) Culture freedom (murderer) Power refinement (murderer) Equality god build destroy born za cipher (muderer) (Can a devil fool a Muslim?) No, not nowadays bro (Do you mean to say the devil fooled us 400 years ago?) Y equals self a trader made an interpretation saying that we'd receive more gold for our labor in his nation (Did we receive more gold?) Now Cipher It's time to drop the bomb and make the devil pay the piper True indeed God true indeed hajj (lack of self) - (*repeat 2X*) True indeed God true indeed Wake up wake up wake up (Come on) Wake up wake up wake up (I want you to listen to me) Wake up wake up wake up (Come on now) Wake up wake up wake up (Bust it) The solution: knowledge of self to better ourself Cause I know myself that we can live much better than this Nothing's changed, it's just another sequel The devil's still causing trouble amongst the righteous people Drugs in our community (That ain't right) Can't even get a job (That ain't right) Poisoning our babies (That ain't right) Lying who is God (That ain't right) Now here's some food for thought Many fought for the sport And the black man still comes up short It's time to motiviate, build and elevate Blind deaf and dumb we've got to change our mindstate So I dip dip dive-a, civilize a 85er Gotta let him know the devil's a conniver This is the plan from the brotherman From the motherland now it's time to take a stand I keep to striving to do my duty to awaken To the universal family I say asalaam alaikum (Reggae chatter) Yeah Now I've gotta give a shout to my Brand Nubian brothers Lord Jamar, God Allah Derrick X is on the flex Alamo is good to go Sincere, the god is in here Move on black man move on We gotta move on black man move on - (*repeat 3X*) Yeah Now I gotta give a shout out to the SD 50's Putting this in effect I'm gonna say like this before I motivate Please educate Allah's children with equality The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Brand Nubian Album: One for All Song: Step to the Rear Typed by: OHHLA.com Here we go... ("Okay everybody...") ("Step up to this") ("Sing my song")  ("Step up to this") ("Sing my song")  ("Step up to this") ("Sing my song")  ("Step up to this") Yo Stud, bust it... Step to the rear, Grand Pu is on arrival. Raised in the ghetto singin' songs called survival. Runnin' round town givin' all the girls Puba snacks, I wouldn't try to scale my style, you just might catch a cardiac. Figured the way to get paid is to grab the mic; rehearse, ya know. Smooth as Jermaine, so honey don't take it personal. There's no need to try to diss the swinger, baby, all you get is two snaps up and the finger. The bob-a-loo bad boy, a threat to the paranoid, you try to step to this? It's void! A new hit from the Grand Man, with nights like the Sandman, gain for awake in case I gotta stomp a head out. Busted is a trick that's not up my sleeve, it's possessed with finesse, and it works when I breathe. Paid in the shade with an A, that's the grade, with the papes that I made from this trade. So get hip to the grip, you know where to slide the chips if you wanna cash in on the wins. Grand Puba and I love to hit skins... ("And you know what?") ("I've got a song to sing") ("Oh bay-bay!") ("I've got a song to sing") ("Here we go") ("I've got a song to sing") ("Oh bay-bay!") ("I've got a song to sing")...Follow me now. ("Okay everybody") 6x Grand Puba, the higher mystic ruler, keep a 40 in the cooler. She don't know me, Money Grip, you better school 'er. Before I have to play her is a foul way, and catch a quick short stay at the Holiday. Now forecast as I won't be playin' soccer with the dreads. Ballin's my hobby, doin' wonders in the bed. From full-size, to king-size, to queen-size, to high-rise, even bunk beds, I know how to work the leg. If Pu ain't the answer, then you must be sick as cancer, smooth romancer, let it ring, I'll probably answer. So come take a dip with your *private dancer*. Nasty, naughty, over 6' call me shorty. But I'm looooong...I'm like Stretch Armstrong, I go, on and on and on and on. Never in a scandal and I'm never caught schemin'. Knew Pu was dope ever since I was semen. Swimmin' in my daddy's big nuts... but now I'm scoopin' girls with the big ole butts. Arise to respond for the Max-well, ask well, hell, it don't even matter. Puba ain't game for the shit chit-chatter. "Puba's in town, oh shit, let's scatter." You can hide that ass, but it just don't matter. The 90s is here, Pu is on a mash-out. Huns that I've done always seem to pass out. But hon wake that ass up, this ain't the place to crash out. You try to play me? I have to throw that ass out. Foes and hoes, good riddance. Cuz when Pu comes out, there'll be no skiddin'. I'll slide upstairs and see Chuck at the chop shop, Tell 'im fade the size, let a wolf on top. (?) Reel and reel and soul to soul. Honey, heel to heel and toe to toe. It really doesn't make a diff, I'm not the type to riff, I might smoke a spliff, but I won't sniff. And ya don't stop... ("Okay everybody")...now I'm-a end it like this: I'm like Superfly Snuka, know how to hook a hooker, caught her on looker, know where I took her, to the short stay, around my way, and like Monie say, "it was the perfect way". I caught a verse from the Christian, and it goes "Praise the Lord" Skins lined up on a wharf for when I'm bored. From Na-ru, I'm in the right mood, and if you like the way that this flows, well that's cool. See this is no illusion, the style is too confusin'. If you try to bite, then you're cruisin' for a bruisin'. Back up, sonny, and let me make my money, then I'm straight, I got a date at 8. So see you brothers later, time to motivate. Yeah, now bust it... I'd like to give a shout to my Brand Nubian brothers, Lord Jamar, God Allah, Derrick X on the flex, and Alamo. And we gonna give a shout to the SD50s who pumped this. And I'm-a say, yo, peace... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Brand Nubian Album: One For All Song: Slow Down Typed by: OHHLA.com Slow down (repeat 3X) Verse one: Derrick X (Sadat X) Hey baby your hips is getting big Now you're getting thin you don't care about your wig Now Woolie Willie got a pair of my sneakers I wonder where he got 'em cause I hid 'em behind my speakers The object of your affection is the tree-top connection Or basically you love to smoke the wools The crackheads attract man they come up to my door I don't smoke gems so what they knocking for Kids love to feel on you, feds got a seal on you Street time is limited to days On your crack card you're getting only A's and C's for come back Damn it's a shame you're the mighty queen of vowels With a wide-eyed look and a rotten-toothed smile Used to walk with a swagger Now you simply stagger From one spot on to the next spot on to the next spot on to the next Bitch get a job From me you won't rob Cause I'll smack you with a hose filled with sand Now give that to the crack man You was fly once now you're losing all your fronts Started out light on the tip of woolie blunts Now you gained a stripe, graduated to the pipe Took a long pull...hype Yeah, head crack head crack You smoked up that stack and admitted you was fat (Hey yo X, wasn't that your girl?) Yeah I had to drop her Cause she caught on the plastic and I just couldn't stop her Slow down x5 What I am is what I am x2 Verse Two: Lord Jamar I knew this girl named Tropicana She's always juicing Producing cash for my sexual task She loves men that trick like Halloween and treat You ain't paid then your grade is incomplete You've got to flash dollars, to prove her And when you do she sucks it up like a Hoover Taking all your papes like inhalation of ace Her nasal passages is filled with money, and it's massive (What I am is what I am) Well, what you are is a stunt, man You're on a hunt and your plan is to take all you can From my man and scram I've seen your kind before you're not original Just a sick mixed up individual Giving up the crotch for a fresh gold watch Marking off the goods you got going up another notch Your ways and actions are like those of a savage If the price is right, then anyone can ravage Even Monty Hall can have himself a ball if his assets are in order What's really scary is you're somebody's daughter So don't come around trying to make a profit At the expense of another man, stop it Cause you see you're a freak show of the town Know what I think you ought to do is Slow down x7 What I am is what I am x2 Verse Three: Grand Puba As the jewels jingle from the hot young and single little stunt A forty and a blunt, that's all she really wants But she'll spend your papes and she'll use up all your plastic And if you swing an ep you'd better wear a prophylactic Cause things are getting drastic Slide up in the wrong one you'll end up in a casket (Slow down) Sister, there's no need in speeding She was doing lays before she started bleeding What makes a bitch want to act in this fashion? Pulled more stunts than my man Action Jackson A real gold winner just like Bruce Jenner Lay the bitch on the bed and then you run right in her Puba makes no mistakes She said "Rock me tonight (for old time's sake)" Picture that (Slow Down) You little hooker Honey got a problem with the bends Meaning she likes to bend over, and then she spreads the skins The hoe is just hoe and that's without no controversy She can make the bedsprings sing a song of mercy Come on toots you can take a thousand douche Scrub that ass and I'll still pass (Slow down) You're living foul (Slow down x2) Now see it ain't no reason for you to be out here skeezin' Cause it ain't the season So if you want to live foul and be a dumb diddy dumb dumb bitch Well go ahead You're living foul I'd like to give a special shout to my DJ Alamo on the help out Right by my side Slow down (repeat 12X) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Brand Nubian Album: One For All Song: Try to Do Me Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Chorus: singers (repeat all 2X) "You tried to do me" (3X) "I am not the one" (1X) [Grand Puba Maxwell - over chorus] Tried to do me God But see baby, I am not the one baby You tried to do me Yeah.. yo check this out Verse One: Grand Puba Maxwell Why you wanna live so foul? You know sweatin, one for some, is not my style I'm the type to wine and dine and the candlelight Cause just one night could be just so right Your first riff, is that I'm never home And you're, sick and tired of bein alone But baby, I got work to do And ain't no-one gonna stop me from bein Pu' I buy you rings and things and all that good stuff But you still beefin that that is not enough Let's sit down and discuss it Baby bust it.. You check my beeper when I'm still sleepin When I get out of cars you're out your window peepin I think the best thing for you and me is just to play like John Lennon and _Let It Be_ You tried to do me Chorus: singers (repeat all 2X) [Grand Puba Maxwell - over chorus] Yeah.. but you see baby I am not the one You tried to do me, yeah Ay bust it Verse Two: Grand Puba Maxwell I would sing the song called just be my lady But you're the type of girl who likes to act real shady And rain on the brain like a hurricane Throw rhythm on a dame, cause I know the game You see, I'm just a rapper and nothing's free so.. "Why are you watchin me?" *like Rockwell* Well honey can I get some privacy? .. You say cool, then you try to flip But you forgot to put the Gucci bag upon your hip You knew me, you blew me, others would pursue me The question that I ask is why you, tryin to do me? Make like a ship and just float on (float on) I'm not the type of brother that you can just gig on I know the time honey, there it is plain to see You're tryin to do me Chorus: singers (repeat all 2X) [Grand Puba Maxwell - over chorus] You tried to do me Yeah, but you see baby I am not the one I ain't havin it Yeah Yeah.. Interlude: Grand Puba Maxwell Now see baby, I don't know why you tryin to flip and alla that Cause I'm out here tryin to do my thing and get these papes in today's society, youknowhatI'msayin? I'm tryin to make things a little better But if you wanna make matters worse Let me say this first There's no need for you to try to do me Chorus: singers (repeat all 2X) [Grand Puba Maxwell - over chorus] You tried to do me You tried to do me babe But you see I am not the one You tried to do me Yeah And now check it, I'ma end it like this Verse Three: Grand Puba Maxwell Now.. good times come, honey good times go I think this is somethin that you really oughta know The name of the game is to maintain Cause when you lose someone you love, then you feel pain It's up to you to decide if the love was worth losin To me you're not the everyday, Tina Tammy Susan Why can't you, understand? Instead of tryin to run the flim-flam on the Grand Baby, do whatever is clever Cause we can make this last.. forever and ever With joys there's pain But don't you worry about the Puba Maxwell, cause I can stand the rain Shoo-be-doo, this is what you oughta do Think of all the things that I just told you Remember all the times when I used to hold you and say We can last through eternity But don't ever try to do me Yeah.. yeah.. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Brand Nubian Album: One For All Song: Who Can Get Busy Like This Man... Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash 	"We are ready ladies and gentlemen.." 		"It's star time!" (Grand Puba) 	"Million dollar man!" [Derek X/Sadat X] Once again as we swing this ep' with the Grand Puba If I seen you kick it once, I seen you slam it a thousand times You gots ta flow with this one G [Grand Puba Maxwell] Grand Puba comin-in-a-rhyme dancehall style, see? Hah, you thought I couldn't do dat Dem say, who can busy like dis man? And if dem search the whole land dem not find a man Puba is the one to make dem fly girls have a ba-all Wha-oh-eee! See other-dem MC's, dem not scare me De virgins say me can't wait to hear me You want it done right, den give Grand Pu' a ca-all Not let me get busy on this one.. See brothers be wishin that's why they're eager to listen Tryin to do me but see they're no competition Grand Puba's the type, to get hype, to any funky sound Never the type, to give a damn about a hand-me-down Papers of rhymes of mine are stacked high like lumber If hon wants to swing ep', she takes my beeper number The skills go back to the days of flippin coins Pasttime readin books by my man Donald Goines But I'm not a pimp, and I don't walk with a limp You can say I know the game, cause I know how to treat a dame So knock three times on my ceiling if you got the feeling Grand Puba's good for sexual healing Lord have mercy this is lovely, I'll say splendid Puba's on the stage, and I'm glad you all attended Rhymin to the beat, is the way I make my money I'll buy, sweets for my sweets and, no sugar for my honey Brothers get, played for their papes And if a stunts tried to play me, I'll hang her like some drapes Puba's the man, and you can't run the flam So take it elsewhere, my dear See others try SO HARD to be this Competition tries SO HARD to see this But I let em know, I'm not the one So see the next one, wha-oh-eee! Whoa! I'll slap five to a brother who ain't about no jive I'll smack ten to a friend who hooked me off with skins See I'm the type of brother and I like to have fun She said, "69," I said, "68, and I owe you 1" The style I kick, you will remember And when I step to other rappers, you better yell timber cause they're fallin, de-meene-meene-mee They're fallin..  [unknown patois man] Faaaalse, claat! Will ya drop now? You know you're sizzlin! Pull it down selector! Easy now, easy now! Start rappin now! [unknown singer] Pu..ba.. I love you so Never never never gonna let you go Once, I, get my hands on you Pu..ba.. I love you so Never never never gonna let you go I hope you feel the same way too [Grand Puba Maxwell] Hey c'mon honey you know I feel the same way But I'ma do this my way And I'ma do like this baby See it doesn't really matter if the place is big or small Cause MC Grand Puba come fi rhyme dancehall! I'm flippin the wigs of those who gig I never renege on girls who dig The super supreme, one of the team of three See I'm one of the best with most finesse I really suggest you do not mess Or try to test the very best at this Do you really wanna know what's next? I gotcha gotcha gotcha Grand Puba is one of the best.. I rocked ya rocked ya rocked ya Here I step, with the rep that's kept In a orderly fashion, sucker MC's I'm mashin It's only one more verse I think that really need to be said It's that I'm bad, bad.. inna wicked in bed La la la la-la la, whoa la la la la-la, la la La la la la-la la it's the Grand Pu-ba Now hit me now selector! Who can busy like dis man? And if dem search the whole land dem not find a man Puba is the one to make dem fly girls have a ba-all Wha-oh-eee! See other-dem MC's, dem not scare me De virgins say me can't wait to hear me If you want it done right, then give Grand Pu' a ca-all Not let me get busy like this.. See my man Vance Wright he get a "nuff respect" Sincere, Pos K get a "nuff respect" To my man Ron Stud he get a "nuff respect" And my cousin Dr. Who he get a "nuff respect" To my cousin Jeff Jeff he get a "nuff respect" And all the brothers and sisters across the universe they get a "nuff respect" I'd like to say peace to my Brand Nubian brothers Lord Jamar, Derek X, and Alamo with the A and L.G. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Brand Nubian f/ Positive K Album: One For All Song: Grand Puba, Positive and L.G. Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Grand Puba] Two times for the drummer, 'fore I start it I say, "Hit me!"     Puba's kickin flavor, and I brought somebody with me [Positive K] Positive, the gentlemen, the rapper     Suave blase, you know dapper [Grand Puba] See this is not a song about friends     because we make ends, and then we spread the skins [Positive K] This song becomes a well known tune     And my mic's gonna bloom like a flower in June [Grand Puba] We kick much flavor and you know that     As smooth as the head on a Fed named Kojak [Positive K] Grip the mic til my hand get calloused     And I'll tell you like Ralph Kramden told Alice,     "Bang zoom!" [Grand Puba] It's up up and away [Positive K] Grand Puba [Grand Puba] and Positive K [Positive K] Lyrics real sweet like candy [Grand Puba] It's just like a condom [Pos & Puba] WE KEEP ONE HANDY Go Puba, go Positive (4X) [Positive K] To my adversaries, I'm not ordinary Not the Godfather, or the Tooth Fairy Not Jack Spade or Engelbert Humperdink Listen to this rhyme and tell us what you think [Grand Puba] One two three Grand Puba's on the count Rhyming gets me papes in very large amount Brother you're wrong, if you think crime pays Don't like gays, and take vacations off of holidays [Positive K] Practice safe sex to prevent strange diseases Wear my hat, on one night skeezers I roll dice, but don't bet on the horses Punks take losses and I don't reveal my sources [Grand Puba] So umm, take the fifth if you're planning to riff The rhymes spread like Jif to make your loose knot stiff Kick up your feet if you're feeling kinda queasy.. Relax.. (ha ha) take it easy! [Positive K] You're in good hands, Positive is a survivor I make rhymes of anything, I'm like McGyver If I were a computer rap would be my program Since I'm a righteous man, I don't eat ham I wish more people was alive like me [Grand Puba] But Positive.. [Positive K] Whattup Max? [Grand Puba] See the vocab is lovely, girls be thinkin of me Other rappers try to be me, competition can't see me so hey, whaddya say, I got the flow y'all If you don't know the time then you better check the Seiko or Timex, I suplex, get biz on the co-ssacks Put em in a line then I ask, "Who's next?" Grand Puba, guaranteed to make a big hit Doin much damage on this two man skit Trying to hold me back won't harm me And when the gear gets too small it's for the Salvation Army So mami, or mida, a way I say, "No one's sweeter!" (Now that's funky!) You see the style I kick is rugged, I shine like a nugget Present tense means you dig it, past tense mean you dug it! So dance, to a light tune, my lit-tle doll Da-nah-nah, da-nah-nah, da-nah-nah, dah Rock me wit, vi-bra-tion Give me a deep med-i-ta-tion there is none betta than Grand Pu-ba Baby be get it all togetha You see the second time around I hope the label don't flake And if they do I go to Drake and say, "Give me a break" Like Toyota say, I say (Oh what a feeling!) I bust the foots of Lionel Richie I caught him dancing on MY ceiling! [Positive K] Pass me the mic, cause I wants to blitz I'm the best thing that came since grits The Prince of Rap, lookin for Cinderella If you see her.. why don't you tell her I got the shoe, in the car out back And if she makes the fit, she's IN, LIKE, THAT and as a matter of fact I'm not an actor, but the main factor Pinpoint and his rhymes is like a protractor I'm intricated, complicated Definitely musically related Rhymes so fly never been outdated Gots to be fly by the way I state it Now of myself, I say I'm a big fan Got more rhymes, than words by the Letterman Positive K, you can say he's low key You might know my name but now look you don't know me I can be nice and flip like the Son of Sam Nobody knows exactly how I am I'm the next and everybody knows it Open tours this year, next year I'ma close it I've got the skills that pays the bills, now here's a quote from Stephanie Mills Don't put a rush on me cause my tempo's slow And if I don't tell you, then how would you know? The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Brand Nubian Album: One For All Song: Brand Nubian Typed by: OHHLA.com Verse one: Lord Jamar Brand Nubian function A junction of three Collaboration in a style that's like funk To slap palms, swing arms Tap a soul Cause no rock rolls down our hill Yo black it's kinda ill We don't roll no rocks we just fill Heads with knowledge, pure foundation Showing and proving through the manifestation Of our name which is "Brand Nu" Brand Nubian and we've come to Make the people aware that black means first 4000 years and we're made to feel cursed But now it's our time to rule Student of the old, teacher of the new school My inspiration is the five percent nation As I cram, education was born Like a thorn in your side I have sworn Never to divide with Brand Nubian Verse Two: Derrick X (Sadat X) You have to stand as a black man Brand Nubian From the Sudan plus I never ran I'm from Africa, the central region There I grew and formed a legion of my force See me riding on a jet black horse at any cost Brand Nubians will rise up and be the boss and show it All fairness if you're black and show awareness You can rally 'round the flag Stand tall, or don't stand at all You're with the three and the three won't sag to the floor Besides picture that I'm painting I can draw See me work nine to five on my easel My physical is strong and my mind is cock diesel Brand Nubian function in conjunction with the three Verse 3: Grand Puba Brand Nubian Not on a bandwagon following a fad Making use of the knowledge that we already had Grand Pu, here to send the mind into a frenzy I bet I'll swing something this summer for the benzi Seep into the mind the brain and activate the pelvis Keeping the blind deaf dumb and blind is Elvis Meaning old, so behold (The black, the beautiful, the bold) Now if this falls short I'll try harder A wisdom to me is someone like Assata I'd like to say peace to Bambaata Tasa Kuma(?), Achmed, and Kenyatta Brothers that'll fight for the cause And they live in the boundaries of the righteous laws To put it exact dominant means black But some have a hard time trying to swallow that Now we have some that are fake Wearing blue eyes and green eyes, come on gimme a break Brand Nubian here to wake up Take off the makeup cause all it'll do is cake up Just be real that's how I feel Brand Nubian Verse four Nubian (DX) A native or inhabitant of Nubia Nubian (LJ) A member of one of a group of African tribes that formed a poweful   Empire between Egypt and Ethiopia   from the 6th to 14th century Nubian (GP) Any of several languages spoken in the central and northern Sudan   And that's why we call ourselves Brand Nubian (DX) As the midnight oil burns, our minds turn   Make a mistake and be fake and you'll burn   We're here to teach so you'd might as well learn   That the tree has the knowledge for what you yearn	 Brand Nubian The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Brand Nubian Album: One For All Song: Wake Up (Reprise in the Sunshine) Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Peace to the God 	Peace Allah Aiyyo there go that brother Grand Puba I heard that brother got knowledge of self 	Yo true indeed brother 	Yo let's have that brother come over and add on to the cipher "Sunshine! .. Everybody loves the sunshine!" "Folks get down in the sunshine!" "Everybody loves the sunshine!" "My life, my life, my life, MY LIFE" [Grand Puba Maxwell] Aiyyo knowledge this The attribute Haji helper to another God in need He Allah God Islam As I proceed to civilize the uncivilized  Word of wisdom to the groove from the wise (speak on it God) I guess I'm like the Verbalizer for the fact I'm movin Blackwards This asiatic black man is a dog spelled backwards The maker, the owner, the cream of the planet Earth Father of civilization, God of the universe Manifestin thought with my infinite styles Making sure this travels, twenty-three million miles The other six I set the crucifix Because the heart of the problem is this.. (speak on it God) Preacher got my Old Earth puttin money in the pan For the rest of the week now I'm eatin out a soup can He has a home, drives his Caddy through town Has my old earth believin that he's comin from the ground (Jesus) Slain are those who fought for what was right Slayed are those who fell victim to the bite A drug controlled substance, contained in a vial Set up by the devil as he looks and he smiles Good at the game of tricknology But I have knowledge of myself you're not foolin me You see, the answer to me is black unity  Unification, to help our bad situation I wrote this on a day of wisdom power All bein born to myself (God!) I won't diss the next brother to be paid that's not my trade It's just the plan that is designed by the colored man Now our babies are born to think this is the way of us (way of us) That's the way the devil wants it so it is no fuss (it is no fuss) It's just that sad old song self-destruction To stop our reproduction There put our wisdom before us (murderrahh!) That makes it wisdom knowledge (murderrahh!) But we need knowledge wisdom  to bring forth the understanding (murderrahh!) Culture freedom (murderrahh!) Power refinement (murderrahh!) Equality God Build Destroy Born's Our Cipher (mudererrahh!) (Can a devil fool a Muslim?) No, not nowadays bro (Do you mean to say the devil fooled us 400 years ago?) Whitey put self, portrayed in many interpretations Sayin that we'd receive more gold for our labor in his nation (Did we receive more gold?) God, Now Cypher It's time to drop the bomb and make the devil pay the piper (True indeed God true indeed God) What? *3X* (True indeed God true indeed..) "Sunshine! .. " Wake up, wake up, wake up! "Everybody loves the sunshine! .. " Wake up, wake up, wake up! "Folks get down in the sunshine! .." Wake up, wake up, wake up!  "Everybody loves the sunshine!" "My life, my life, my life, MY LIFE" The solution -- knowledge of self to better ourself Cause I know myself, that we can live much better than this Nothing's changed, it's just another sequel The devil's still causin trouble amongst the righteous people Drugs in our community (That ain't right) Can't even get a job (That ain't right) Poisonin our babies (That ain't right) Lyin who is God (That ain't right) Well here's some food for thought, many fought for the sport And the black man still comes up short? It's time to motiviate, build and elevate Blind deaf and dumb we've gotta change their mindstate So I dip dip diver, civilize a 85er Gotta let him know the devil's a conniver This is the plan from the brotherman From the motherland now it's time to take a stand I keep strivin to do my duty to awake em To the universal family I say asalaam alaikum Yeah.. Now I'ma do like this Nuff respects to the Brother Jazzy Jay, nuff respect Nuff respects, to my Brand Nubian brothers Bust it Lord Jamar, God Allah Derek X is on the flex Alamo is good to go Sincere, the God is in here So move on black man, move on We gotta move on black man, move on Move on black man, move on We gotta move on black man, move on Now before I motivate I'ma just say like this Please.. educate Allah's children, with equality 	Move on black man, move on 	You gotta move on black man, move on *2X* The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Brand Nubian Album: One For All Song: Dedication Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Grand Puba] C'mon Alamo, let's swing it Before I get this wreck, I like to take a sec To say this jam here is dedicated to some of my favorites I like to dedicate this to PE, I like to dedicate this to BDP I like to dedicate this to the X-Clan, I like to dedicate this to Heavy D Kiss my mother bye 'fore I hit the road of stardom Put away my rhymes, make sure the pimps got em Just cuz I'm a rapper, doesn't mean I'm not a fan My favorite, Rakim, Big Daddy, Kool G and  LL who always keep the girls jingling C'mon honey dip, you can jingle on my (Yo, cool chill) When it comes to female rappers, bust it, here's a few MC Lyte, Queen Latifah, Monie Love, and Linque What more could I say, I wouldn't be here today If the old school didn't pave the way Hats off and I'll never forget Cuz if it wasn't for them, there wouldn't be no rap shit Back to the track of the new For short you can call me MC Grand Pu I made this splendid cuz that's what I intended Don't try to break it cuz you just can't bend it I got a bad habit, see I live hitting skinz Well if hitting skinz is wrong then forgive me for my sins C'mon Ak, I'm straighter than 6 O'clock So what you oughta do is flow wit the flock My sign is the fish, yo, also loving on my disc It's cool, I got dismiss cuz I hated liverwurst But here I am, a rapper, my best friend Pos the dapper Tony X who I grew up wit in a jet so Shake the motion if you got the notion Puba rubs off on ya just like lotion I'm not conceited, girls say that I'm attractive They describe my love and that's being hyperactive I'm just a brother who likes to romance alot Look at me as the black Sir Lancelot That's right, your knight in shining armor If I went to college, then my major would be drama Or theatrics is more like my tactics If you want the proof then lay down on the mattress Swing wit the swinger, I can be a singer Alamo controls the beat wit just one finger If you wanna swing to this, you better take precaution Alamo, when you hook it, make sure there's no distortion Here comes the two, better known as the babuloo bad boys Who makes much noise Two Express, no local stops It's time to get fat and collect our props Kamikaze like Japs, you roll a 7 in craps And if you think that this is booty, yo, it ain't no half Met Lisa Simms, she bought a gear from Vin's The knucklehead got her pregnant, now she got twins The type of brother to stand out, always keep my hand out To help another brother, what is taught by my mother Good to the drip drop and I won't flip flop Straight to the tip top in this here hip-hop My style varies and my vocal carries To El Segundo where I seen Q-Tip Sipping on khaluda wit this honey dip So. c'mon baby, spend the money, don't save it Cuz this jam here I dedicate to some of my favorites (Some of my favorites, some of my favorites) Hey yo, check this out I like to dedicate this to Chuck Chillout (I like to dedicate this to the Awesome Two) I like to dedicate this to Red Alert (And I dedicate this one to Biz Mark) I like to dedicate this to De La Soul (And this one goes to the JB's) I like to dedicate this to EPMD (I like to dedicate this to Kid Capri) I like to dedicate this to Andre (I like to dedicate this to Puffy) I like to dedicate this to the SD's Shout outs The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Brand Nubian Album: In God We Trust Song: Allah U Akbar Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Verse One: Sadat X This is the stick up boom music for styles to flow free But y'all know it's me or could you tell by the spree The deuce crew of the new, yeah makes the whole shit clear yeah Give the question, I'm tired of brothers guessin The Nubian brought the X a lot of fame But wouldn't it be a shame if it all up and ended That ain't the plan I had and shit like that ain't intended For the slick headed wonder, wearer of saggy pants Old school kicker, reviver of the circumstance Got a backpack with a fat stack of fac I got a three-oh, so P.O. step back I'm with the uptown baldies, kids that were Lords Kick for kids that's paid, I kick for kids with no funds Whole blocks come for classes kids with contacts kids with glasses Hardrock punks crack heads and even trunks Wanna know the truth, so they flock to my roof New York I got the grip, I told ya I told ya This means war, as if by Sister Souljah To think that the X would ever take a fall After gettin all of this, man you're crazy The only way I'd fall is if I got fat and lazy And I won't cause I work real hard Wake up in the morning at the hour of God and make beats Later hit the streets for some forty-fifth sweets So all y'all been told, black youth essential From the hard urban blocks of Now Rule residential That the God, rocks real hard Verse Two: Lord Jamar God damn right, the L-O-R-D, J-A-M-A-R Says peace and Allah U Akbar Back like a motherfuckin head to crack Brand Nubian tracks are filled with black facts Now I ain't Humpty Dumpty chump, see I ain't fallin, you can go call in All the king's horses and all the king's men Try to knock me off you never see another day again My seven-twenty-one-fourteen's ready And my scope with the laser beam steady So if you're feeling lucky, then come and catch a buck How could I kill a man, well I just don't give a fuck, so Check out the dreadlock, make the dead rock With my baldhead, aiyyo like the top ten We're bound to win, cause God don't like ugly You get slugged rushed raped robbed and mugged G I don't wanna be the man, I just wanna make jams Cuttin sharp like Edward Scissorhands It's ninety-two and of course we grew seeds they're planted like a farmer, so let's reap what we sew And if you're thinking that we're a hoe in the game We gettin wreck to your brain The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Brand Nubian Album: In God We Trust Song: Ain't No Mystery Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [both] It ain't no mystery .. (4X) "Who is that?" "The Supreme Black Man, that's who!" (3X) "Hoo that's the man!" [both] It ain't no mystery "Who is that?" "The Supreme Black Man, that's who!" (3X) "Hoo that's the man!" [both] It ain't no mystery [Lord Jamar] Well can you tell me where to find that Mystery God I don't see him, so you know the shit is kinda hard I searched and searched, but still there's no sign It's gotta be a trick for the deaf dumb and blind Now would you set up home, and wait for a Mystery God to bring Food, Clothing, and Shelter? Emphatically no! Mathematically that just don't go See me and my people been lost for over 400 years and done tried this Mystery God And all we got was hard times Hunger and nakedness, from the snake that hissed Beaten and killed by the ones who say, "Look to the sky for your piece of the pie" And didn't want to tell you that God's within self Bloodsuckers of the poor wanna keep your wealth Keep you a slave, so you don't misbehave You never know the truth til you're dead in your grave That's when you wanna come back, but there ain't no haps Traps, caught you like a good strong buck, now you're fucked! But my Third Eye helps me see that the Black Man's God and yo it ain't no mystery [both] It ain't no mystery .. (2X) [Sadat X] Who is the Mystery God, have you seen him? You can keep searchin for a trillion years Keep spreadin dates but he never appears Crazy delusions of a big white man Sittin on the throne, magic wand in his hand.. "You go to heaven! Dude, you go to hell!" Churches think this mystery seems to sell Join the 10%, duty to sell the eighty-five You got part of your salary when this old God arrives I'll be gone, jetti, I nix comedy spook John ? is foul, but he still know the truth Organized crime, drop you off in America Land of the brave, watch the man from the cave Used to kneel to the cross for the war with the rappers Used to think it great, to rest ? in plates Used to pray on my knees to the Mystery for G's But instead of gettin G's all I got was free cheese and bad advice, a tie around my neck Shoot on my collar, to cut off my breath But now all that's over, reality rules Deal strictly with the gospel of the ? schools Preacher preacher you could never be my teacher Dealin lies and deceit for some brothers from the street Know that the Black Man is God (the Black Man's God) There is no mystery [both] It ain't no mystery .. (2X) "Who is that?" "The Supreme Black Man, that's who!" (3X) "Hoo that's the man!" [both] It ain't no mystery "Who is that?" "The Supreme Black Man, that's who!" (3X) "Hoo that's the man!" [both] It ain't no mystery [Lord Jamar] First soul, black like coal The Original One, with the power of the sun Allah's God, always has been always will be Never could be, a fuckin mystery But you pray for Jehovah to come That'll be the day when you leave the slum Until that time, you just keep eatin swine Drinkin cheap wine on the welfare line [Sadat X] Who's the clown, that didn't paint Jesus brown? Everybody knows the man was original When the jam is over I'ma go and take my vegetable check buy a tech let loose in the Vatican Courts writin lies, record company is mad again These Asiatics is racist Because I love the black faces So put your bible in the attic cause I didn't come for static The True and Living G-O-D It ain't no mystery [both] It ain't no mystery .. (2X) "Who is that?" "The Supreme Black Man, that's who!" (3X) "Hoo that's the man!" [both] It ain't no mystery "Who is that?" "The Supreme Black Man, that's who!" (3X) "Hoo that's the man!" [both] It ain't no mystery The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Brand Nubian Album: In God We Trust Song: Pass the Gat Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash "Gimme a gat I'm bout to smoke this motherfucker!" (2X) Pass me.. pass me the gat, I gotta fight back I ain't rollin over on my motherfuckin back (4X) [Sadat X] I need seven brothers ready to roll, I mean some real shit Brothers ready to bust, bust again and again Snatch the chains off the door my man, this is a stick-up I ain't bring no funds, just came to snatch the guns Check it, brothers spread throughout the whole damn store Don't leave nothin, don't leave a witness This black man is armed, another man's alarmed This is the next Vietnam, set it off in the North My moms is down with it, pops is committed Something's got to give, I'm like a powder keg Ready to stick a bank, drivin a high-powered tank Newsflash -- Brand Nubian, takin fifty hostages Take em in the basement, feed the punks sausages (Yo if I don't get em) ?? Twinkies from Hostess Shoot the faggot in the back for actin like that From New York, in the East, I'm the black man police I called the cops for a beef that I had, but they didn't do a fuckin thing, tellin me to tone down As if they was a father gettin red in the face and they threatened me with mace.. so check it out (HEY!) So now I'm the wise guy but they ain't tryin to bend That's why I'm here to pretend.. Aiyyo pass the fuckin gat! "Gimme a gat I'm bout to smoke this motherfucker!" Pass me.. pass me the gat, I gotta fight back I ain't rollin over on my motherfuckin back (4X) [Lord Jamar] Pass me the gat, and just like that, I squeeze like a man posessed from the Old West See I rest in Rule -- keep a tool close You don't want be the learner that my burner makes toast Cause today's mathematics is Uzi Does It I got the automatic stashed in the attic And it's an Emphatic Now Cipher if you think you take the life of me without a fight Huh, I clean my gun with a riprod Here comes the God who don't eat pig lard Lord J-A-motherfuckin-M-A-R Never passive, the crew grows massive We get wreck with the tech, blow your mind with nine Plus we got the shotty for your body Rodney King ain't this God-ly king Before I take a whippin, I'll dump a fuckin clip in the police, who give us no peace, to be deceased I'll have a feast, as I commence to slay the beast So my advice to black men: stay strapped Aiyyo aiyyo yo, pass that.. Pass me.. pass me the gat, I gotta stay strapped I ain't rollin over on my motherfuckin back (8X) Pass the gat! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Brand Nubian f/ Red Foxx Album: In God We Trust Song: Black Star Line Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Red Foxx] ** best guess ** Follow me! Upon a Black Star Line Off for the rest and for Brand Nubian Now go to Africa again, watch dis! Chorus: repeat 4X [SX] Black Star Line [LJ] It's the Black Star Line [LJ] Everybody come aboard [SX] And free your mind [Sadat X] It's the Black Star Line that's leavin at nine Here's a paid ticket so you can free your mind Playgrounds is filled with visions of steel Grab the black babies IT'S TIME TO BUILD [Lord Jamar] See we got a mental ship somethin like Noah's Ark Spark your brain cell now let's set sail (with no avail) we flowin on a positive trip All Nubians is welcome, male and female [Sadat X] I, wouldn't resort, to askin for a passport Love vibes rule so your black face is cool [Lord Jamar] Cool, but not frozen, a trip for the chosen few.. [Red Foxx] ** best guess ** Form a line-ah, upon the Black Star Liner Goin to Africa, one more time (3X) Form a line-ah, upon the Black Star Liner Goin to Africa, one more time, TRUE! Let me tell you bout Marcus Garvey Born in Jamaica, God left him in country He go to America to make black people free He walk around low and just try make money Him buy up some ship and just start for we America or Africa and live irie We hav some man where wan gonna be Young nasty and just licky licky Some love Marcus Garvey, the place of peace Or peace around it, and dem sparkle up him say I just light up, make the first hungry Writer no block it but just run follow me Form a line-ah, upon the Black Star Liner Goin to Africa, one more time Form a line-ah, upon the Black Star Liner BRAND NUBIAN!! Tell dem one more time [Sadat X] As we look to the stars, they take ours Yeah we got fly cars but you can live in four wheels? We need new approaches, old style is null and void Makes me paranoid, to think that we own the whole ocean yet we can't even drink [Lord Jamar] You couldn't swim the nine thousand so we got you a means of transportation, for the Nubian nation Marcus Garvey had the idea back in the days Doin for self, keepin the wealth I gotta add on and create though the devil thinks it's not the latest fashion Navigatin lost, somethin like a ship's captain Chorus [Red Foxx] ** best guess ** When I'm ova, arms will be raised for the tom-toms Push up ya arm they call ya proud to be black (2X) Call me proud to be black, cause I'm not tryin to fuck When I'm proud to be black, I'm not some young eedyot (2X) Be gone! I want no dem I want no dem-dem dem-dem dem-dem Never know they wickedness they haffa come to an end Don't take a no fey word for de white boy dem Awayaa TELL ME - all you get in de end Awayaa TELL ME - all you get isa dem Awayaa TELL ME - all you get more den dey spend C'mon, tell de world black man entertainer Rock dem one and rock entertained Tell the Red Foxx style dem a get When I'm ova, arms will be raised for the tom-toms Push up ya arm they call ya proud to be black (2X) [Lord Jamar] Brand Nubian wanna give NUFF respect to the one Marcus Garvey [Sadat X] NUFF respect to Red Foxx [Lord Jamar] Sting International in the house [Sadat X] Dave Kennedy on the boards [Lord Jamar] KnowhatI'msayin? The one Rafael [Sadat X] Nuff respect to the God Sincere [Lord Jamar] Yeah, yaknowhatI'msayin? Mark the Spark is in the house And umm, this how we work out For the ninety-two season The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Brand Nubian Album: In God We Trust Song: Allah and Justice Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash   Peace to the Gods, peace to the Earths   Peace to the positive people of the universe   Brand Nubian came to work it like this   Ya see, each, and every day   Each, and ev-ery wa-ay   We're gonna show and prove   Teach you the righteous way Peace, to All-ah, and justice, and ju-stice, justice! Peace, to All-ah, and juuhhhhstice! (repeat these two lines throught song) [Lord Jamar] The knowledge, is, the foundation The wisdom is the wa-ay The understanding shows you That you are on your way ... [Lord Sincere] The culture, is our God The power is the truth Equally only shows you That you have planted your roots ... [Sadat X] God, came to teach us Of, the righteous way How, to build and be born On, this glorious day ... [all three] The knowledge, of, the cipher Is, to enlighten you True that true that true that you know That God is right beside you ... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Brand Nubian Album: In God We Trust Song: The Godz... (Must Be Crazy) Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Lord Jamar] The Godz must be crazy! I said The Godz must be crazy The Godz must be crazy! They said The Godz must be crazy, cause I let my hair go wild Lookin like a nappy nigga child Black folk say, "Cut that bush" Quicker than George Bush, drugs get pushed They want a nigga clean-cut like the Ancient Greeks but the Ancient Greeks, were fuckin freaks I'm gonna let it grow like a forest Ain't choppin shit down, that's why I hear the sound.. [Sadat X] Some days I wake up mad and I don't feel like hearin shit! Put all your talkin to the curb Jack, you don't even know me Keep thinkin wild, crush a kid when live, big on stage at a show, not even fuckin up my cool flow But this country luck's breakin, there's a war against the righteous But I got a gun, and the God got one and his man got one, and we gon' all be armed The scope is aimed at the White House, and still they say The Godz must be crazy.. The Godz must be crazy! They say The Godz must be crazy The Godz must be crazy! 	(Nobody do I need! Bitch back up! 	 You think The Godz is trizznippin? 	 You flexin! You betta watch yo'self!) [Lord Jamar] They say The Godz must be crazy, cause I don't bow to the cross I even had a Priest get tossed Teacher of lies, kept his sword And when you do, you're gonna praise the Lord Of all things I could, but I don't splurge Won't submerge myself, in material wealth Just health and well-being through All Eye Seeing But 85% of y'all is disagreeing See the Black Man is God and that's an actual fact But everytime I scream it yo I'm under attack With the crack on my people like a monkey on the back Bust it in the brain, fuck it if it leave a stain, no pain no gain Black Man, change your demeanor It's gonna be some shit, when they unleash FEMA We're headin, for Armaggedeon, I'm only spreadin the facts yo But since I'm black, they say that The Godz must be crazy Uh-huh, The Godz must be crazy! They say The Godz must be crazy The Godz must be crazy! [Sadat X] One day I seen a riff, it was three against one Became three against two cause the one man was black Now three against three cause Mark the Spark was with me Four against three cause Daddy-O from Stet was there Was the odds fair? Have they ever been? I proceeded with this plan to cut a hole in the grafted man But then I chilled, I'll wait for the war.. .. then I can off much more! Skulls on the pavement, bones to bones Sawed-off, mix it with, micraphone Whole blocks, filled with, pools of blood Stars and Stripes burned up in the mud C-Cypher-Punks jump up to get beat down Play around with the X and get your eye split We're goin two to the head Sadat X broke bread Who said The Godz must be crazy? The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Brand Nubian Album: In God We Trust Song: The Travel Jam Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash "Took a Lear jet, don't fear yet" [LJ] Ahh, seven o'clock in the motherfuckin mornin "Took a Lear jet, don't fear yet" [LJ] It's time to be out like shout, yaknahmsayin? "My suitcases is packed, and I'm goin on a trip" -> Derek X [LJ] Call the brother Sadat "My suitcases is packed, and I'm goin on a trip" -> Derek X [LJ] See, like this.. [LJ] Aiyyo Peace God [SX] Peace! [LJ] Yo you up? [SX] Yeah I'm up and packed   And my bags is at the door [LJ] Well don't forget your leather bomber   Where we're goin it's kinda cold   I'ma go and kiss my momma and my Grand Old Earth goodbye [SX] Cool, I guess we're splittin   Is there anything I'm forgettin?   Let me check my room, oh yeah there goes my boom [LJ] Shit, don't forget that [SX] Cause when you travel they sell gravel [LJ] Well I got my own shit - NOW LET'S SPLIT   Not like a banana, where we're goin to Savannah   Heartland of Georgia, Florida, or Peoria   Yo I think here and now know downstairs y'knahmsayin?   We gonna come get you, head on over to the airport [SX] The airport staff at LaGuardia knows   that Brand Nubian do daily shows   Up in the Carolina NORTH, Carolina SOUTH   I kick the visit, in Richmond, lost in Boston   Benz in Houston, two hours away from Austin [LJ] TEXAS, where you don't see no Lexus   Just low cars that bounce [SX] And Taco Bells by the ounce [LJ] Speakin of food, yo Sincere you made it clear   We need our meals kosher on this flight   Don't want no swine in my sight [GS] Aiyyo God, everything's straight   The kid's sendin a limo, to meet us at the gate [LJ] Word that's cool, youknowhatI'msayin?   That motherfucker that time sent a fuckin ham sandwich [SX] I conditioned my mind to finally come to grips   With knockin out trips like at six hour clips   Up in the Cali in the mornin groundstandin   BAGGAGE CLAIM AND OUR BAGGAGE WE'RE DEMANDIN [LJ] Now we hit the hotel and unpack the bag   Feelin like crap, take a nap from the jet lag   WAKE UP, WAKE UP, WAKE UP   for the soundcheck.. before we GETS wreck   Now before the show, we gotta have a buddha fest   Call every brother's room so we can hit the buddha bless   Spark a L, here we go, SPARK ANOTHER L   Time for the show yo, and now we're feelin kinda swell   Aiyyo X - ARE YOU READY TO TAKE THE LOOT?   Aiyyo Sin - ARE YOU READY TO TAKE THE LOOT?   Aiyyo Spark - ARE YOU READY TO TAKE THE LOOT?   Aiyyo Wise - ARE YOU READY TO TAKE THE LOOT?   Jahweil - ARE YOU READY TO TAKE THE LOOT?   Now Rule Mob - ARE YOU READY TO TAKE THE LOOT?   Everybody - ARE YOU READY TO TAKE THE LOOT?   Man if we don't have that shit, then shoot [SX] Now if you missed the show you gots to feel this   Dreads on stage combine with baldhead kids   Now I'm the Hey-Baby man who gets his drinks ?   Major in History (defeatin all the mystery)   I would think it's plain to see [LJ] We come in the name of G-O-D, GIRLS [SX] Form a line at the hotel [LJ] No this ain't a motel   Did you leave the hoe with a story to tell? [SX] Could be, or could be not   Dependin on the mental and the body that she's got [LJ] Well I can definitely dig that black man yaknahmsayin?   But uhh, let's pack up these bags   And get the fuck outta Dodge, word to mother [SX] Yeah and I definitely can get with that black man   But I let a.. I wanna let em know ONE thing   'fore we be out [LJ] And.. what's that black man? New York, BANG, rock the house, POW, c'mon and help me turn it out Well D.C., BANG, rock the house, POW, c'mon and help me turn it out Boston, BANG, rock the house, POW, c'mon and help me turn it out In L.A., BANG, rock the house, POW, c'mon and help me turn it out Syracuse, BANG, rock the house, POW, c'mon and help me turn it out And Atlanta, BANG, rock the house, POW, c'mon and help me turn it out Virginia Beach, BANG, rock the house, POW, c'mon and help me turn it out And Houston, BANG, rock the house, POW, c'mon and help me turn it out San Francisco, BANG, rock the house, POW, c'mon and help me turn it out And, Miami, BANG, rock the house, POW, c'mon and help me turn it out And Cleveland, BANG, rock the house, POW, c'mon and help me turn it out Sheboygan.. help me turn it out The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Brand Nubian Album: In God We Trust Song: Brand Nubian Rock the Set Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Sadat X] Yeah, check it out, I'ma flow on this one Yeah I'ma run with this for the ninety-two season Yo check it out I'ma give you somethin cat, this is what you need You need a coach and I'm a damn good coach Got the right approach, plus my pop had wins Seed trickled down, six two and brown When _Slow Down_ came out, at first it was MILD hit A minute or two later, brothers on some WILD shit Listen up, capture how I spree Is it you, or is it me? Made a mad verse, from first, stole second Took the third and home it was out That's what I'm about, that Nubian swing Familiar ring, cash register ring Pay the brothers, Jack the Ripper work hard Then I'll be out, check it out, yo Peace God 	Brand Nubian rock the set! (8X) [Lord Jamar] Yeah Fuck it up Nineteen-ninety-two, uh! Like this y'all Well now this is for your clubs and your old school pubs where niggaz get drunk and give in to the funk Speakin of funk, this here be stink The brothers up North can smell it in the clink Well put down the Right Guard cause you got the right God Matter of fact, we're comin right and exact We got the brainiac style like Miles Davis Save us, in the files of the shit that hit It's time to make a run at five hundred yard dash Five hundred G's sold and the shit went gold Now was that bold, to predict while I kick it? Brand Nubian fights, against the weak and the wicked I got the baldhead dread Sadat and Sincere Oh yes, the God is in here _To the Rear_ makin shit sound clear Plus collect the dough at the end of the show Everybody know Brand Nubian kick that shit on stage Cause it fits in a rage Lord Jamar turn the page cause this rhyme is overflowin And bring in the funky horn 	Brand Nubian rock the set! (8X) [Sadat X] To really know this flavor you must understand the method I might come up with a style, throw it down and say it's tired Write a next one, smokin a blunt on the rooftop And runnin with the sneakers or aiyyo hightops Thanks to the dread for the roots green Whole body is amped I must contain or appear I might throw the peace at kids, go to rest and wake up goin For days I get set off, I ain't got NO way of knowin How could you fool a ruler? You still smokin wooler? The first round pick, why'd The Knicks trade Rod Strick? That man is nice! You make acts to make tracks, I'm tired of frontin to em Gonna step to em, cause they whole shit is dead I'd rather tell em now, instead of fuckin with they head Tired of frontin, it's like that huh [Lord Jamar] True indeed God y'knahmsayin, ain't no use frontin Word to mother Well don't look at things from the surface A book without understanding is worthless 120 gave me plenty to chew on Planted a seed and it grew (now that's true) On to the road where we got shit sewed when crackin shells, and gettin to the ? I rest in the Rule but don't take it for a joke I got an automatic tool.. don't make it have to smoke Cause yo I'll bust off, In God We Trust, I'm not soft When I'm droppin it, I'm just the opposite Now that's hard.. Study lesson about Farad and Elijah Won't suprise you to chill with God.. of the Universe, so when U.N.I.Verse we gain a better understanding Which is supreme, risin to the top like my Nubian team and we don't stop! 	Brand Nubian rock the set! (repeat to before fade) [ad libs to outro] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Brand Nubian Album: In God We Trust Song: Love Me or Leave Me Alone Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Sadat X] Aiyyo Jamar I got a girl that's bad! (uh-huh) But she don't understand my ways.. (why's that?) Arguin days after days after days.. [Lord Jamar] Well I can dig it See I done had some fly ones But they try to get just that, thought I'd like to chase the cat But I'm not a Dog, God is who you're lookin at Couldn'ta tooken that, bullcrap, you woulda caught a jack [Sadat X] I told her, "Yo the first thing is when the telephone rings It ain't really nuthin but noise" You wanna flip and lose your poise? [Lord Jamar] Now they quick to flip, but yo honey get a grip You gotta understand I'm a man with needs that needs fulfilling And if you ain't with it somebody else is willing You gotta love me, or leave me alone 	You gotta love me, or leave me alone 	You gotta love me or leave me alone *4X* [Sadat X] I got this good thing girl, it's the righteous love Not that quick on the top, one shop hop I'll make your knees get wet in the places I'll pet I'll make you breathe, faster than you can believe Within your hole I'll use my control And the final burst, I'll hold *reggae chat* until it comes Backscratches added up in sums Didn't your momma teach you bout bonin a man? Bent my dick so bad that I ran Now I'll, freak of the week, or ride the quest of a yardgirl's hips Your pussy can't see these lips I keep my tongue in my mouth.. cause I can't see down South Vulgar? Maybe, obscene with the purpose Sayin, "I'ma do my own thing, bein I'm my own King.. and it's up to you to follow" So on your Wisdom I'll shine my light Bring forth the seed, created in the night 	You gotta love me, or leave me alone 	You gotta love me or leave me alone *4X* [Lord Jamar] The degree, love hella right, get it right Either all the above, or it ain't true love I ain't down for a honey who don't wanna submit Always throwin a fit, wanna talk a lot of shit but love to get hit from behind Gettin crazy joy from my Lazy-Boy that reclines Seems the only time we're not in a fight.. is when I'm layin the pipe.. You don't want me to bone another chick Quick to claim my name and my dick But when I tell you get off the swine and get refined You act like you're blind and you lost your damn mind See I'm not the kind to let a woman run it How my man Rick say it? _I Shouldn't Have Done It_ is what I'd be saying if you was runnin the show No hoe, there's no gold, the G-O-D know the time on the Sun and the Moon and the Stars Dance to the tune of Lord Jamar And if you're actin tone def it's your own mental death Huh, you gotta love me, or leave me alone 	You gotta love me, or leave me alone 	You gotta love me or leave me alone *4X* The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Brand Nubian Album: In God We Trust Song: Steal Ya 'Ho Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash "Say one for the treble, two for the bass  One for the treble, two for the bass" (2X) "Say one for the treble, two for the bass" (6X) "And I'm guaranteed, I'll steal ya 'ho  When I'm on the micraphone doin my show" (4X) [Lord Jamar] Well everytime I rock a rhyme that show Jamar is intellectual Girls, STILL wanna get sexual They try to pull me offstage, hopin that we can engage, in some sexual escapades Grabbin for the jewels of the fam Actin like they never seen God rock a jam in they lifetime, grabbin my lifeline To flow fluid like Alaskan pipeline Now brothers get jeal' when they see the God swell Mad, cause we got your girl under a spell Me and her had a talk, and yo she said she wouldn't tell Now I got her on a train on her way to New Rochelle Your girl wanna stroke but yo I didn't provoke Now I got a leg behind a head and a yolk ("Now girl flex, time to have to sex") And next time bring a friend for my man Sadat X And Sincere, who's hittin honies from the rear Goin strong, lastin long, cause he drinkin a stout beer We don't fear if your man blood boil Cause we know a place with some nice soft soil So check the heartthrob, proceed to rob ya 'ho By the way, we rocked the show "One for the treble, two for the bass" "Say one for the treble, two for the bass" (3X) "And I'm guaranteed, I'll steal ya 'ho  When I'm on the micraphone doin my show" (4X) [Sadat X] A quick move at a jam, homegirl got her hand in my pocket, yo' girl, the one you call squeeze Dreamin bout the X and ruinin her sheets I'm kinda cool black, aight? I mean I'm straight on the girl tip, but when your girl do a dip with her skirt on you know I puts a hurt on it daddy So check it.. you know the crew that wanna act like that? Wanna play the front with the poom poom fat? Talk about your man, yeah yeah he got a gat But at the end of night, you in the ho-tel And if you ain't alla of that, you play the mo-tel Yo I ain't the one for it if you can't control your girl Take her by the pants and put a lock on it And if that shit don't work, then throw the glock on it Mad stacks and numbers but I can't remember faces Much less places, but I DAMN sure know the races Strictly for weaker or a sweet soul sister Be thankful that I didn't hit your girl I coulda DISSED her But I lounged and maintained But don't front cat, yo don'tcha slumber I still know honey and I still got the number So you be cool aight? "And I'm guaranteed, I'll steal ya 'ho  When I'm on the micraphone doin my show" (4X) "One for the treble, two for the bass" "Say one for the treble, two for the bass" (9X) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Brand Nubian Album: In God We Trust Song: Steady Bootleggin' Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash ["Some get over the hump... bootleggin!  Some go down in the dark! Bootleggin.  Some get over the hump... bootleggin!  Some go down in the dark! Bootleggin.  Steady bootleggin! Steady bootleggin!  Steady bootleggin! Steady bootleggin!"] Verse One: Sadat X I've been watching you for about two weeks Selling phony imitations of myself if I chose to wild I might flip or break your table Strong arms tappin all your pockets Look, look at this tape, loose ass plastic Copy machine picture damn straight I'm gonna hit ya But I don't cause I maintain, you're just a common street peddler offender, the question revolves Is the record company involved? Hmm, dig the reality, is that I'm bein played Should somebody take the weight cause my pocket's like on E That I can't see, therefore I burnt teeth When I find the source to my loss of income I gots ta see him Jack, yo I gots ta see And the street vendor out there, don't steal don't sell my tape I don't give a fuck about the plea that you coppin Everyone's got problems sellin my tape ain't gonna solve em On my ave... holdin your eye with a heatin pad Dig the scene cat, knowledge the crime, know the time Or you'll be out much more than a dime ["So many fingers... steady bootleggin!  Some of these high class ahead they still bootleggin!  So many fingers... steady bootleggin!  Some of these high class ahead they still bootleggin!  Steady bootleggin! Steady bootleggin!  Steady bootleggin! Steady bootleggin!"] Verse Two: Lord Jamar A kick in the ass from a leg and a boot Constitute the right to shoot one who steals my loot Bang bang like it ain't no thing to the bastard Who sold my shit before it's mastered Now how the fuck did you get a copy? It's an inside job or the security is sloppy But nevertheless I'm doin my best to solve this mess I find out, I blow a hole in his chest It's black music that they wanna discredit Garth Brooks ain't bootlegged cause they'd never let it happen, that's why I'm cappin and slappin All the motherfuckers sellin tapes to young black kids rappin They try to say hardcore don't sell But everywhere I go they killed my shit well New York to California everywhere in between know the flavor of the God so what the fuck do you mean? I gotta get my props in ninety-two it's up to you the listener to do your part and buy that bullshit from the start I can't get back what I don't receive Best believe they got a trick up they sleeve ["Too much bootleggin! Too much bootleggin is goin on!  Too much bootleggin! Too much bootleggin is goin on.  Too much bootleggin! Too much bootleggin is goin on!  Too much bootleggin! Too much bootleggin is goin on."] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Brand Nubian Album: In God We Trust Song: Black and Blue Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Sadat X] Cool-ass Al, he got a badge from the neighborhood yo Fly police car, the ninety-two mod-el.. now check it out Now Al used to rob, used to smoke, used to steal and he rolled a mean game of dice A factor boostin he was nice as he proved on the daily tip at Macy's, he and this kid up in Lacy's Throw his head to blow when he turned into a Fed I seen him, one day, I tried to get inside his head There's two fit ill, glock cops, with passion Black shoes fit, like they was made, from ashes Another brother, a sister or somebody's pops And when I see Al, he never stops unless it's to make an arrest He can't kick it, unless he writes a ticket He got a nasty way, attitude everyday It makes me kinda mad cause I really can't hit him But brothers scheamin to get him (Shoot 'im inna de busta bumba claat) At any level the worst devil is a black one And if you see one you gots to attack 'um One day, I had the cell lit, up on Lewis Park Cool Al appears, backs up, fresh Clarks It's a hot day black, and the sun's beamin down but I gotta get on the ground? You're, sworn to whitey, do you think that you're mighty? You take the honor of bein the black Bull Carter It's a shame cause use done out your righteous name for a little rank and more fame You're whole style is chump, you forgot to use the pump so instead of warnin brothers, better hide and take the picture You know the brothers wanna hit ya ("Gimme a gat I'm bout to smoke this motherfucker!") So carry your gun, especially off duty Don't forget that there's a price on the booty Hidin upstate won't make you safe By the way, are you of Christian faith? Then prepare to meet your Mystery, become a place in history Force come shot down with some brothers from Uptown And if we're not totally through Then you'll be left black and blue 	Man these black ones is just as bad as the motherfuckin white ones 	They get a BULLSHIT badge, and think that they God 	But yo I ain't havin that shit, I put a hole in they fuckin ass 	Then they see who's God 	Comin in our midst causin this motherfuckin confusion? 	I send that ass back to the essence quick fast [Lord Jamar] I knew a cop named Roy, a good nigga boy To pull the trigger on another brother was a joy boy Didn't give a FUCK if your face was black He'll blow out your back, and say you sold crack He'll see you in your car and don't like your look He got beef with gold teeth so now you're a crook Flash the lights, pull to the right Put up a fight, well say night night, cause Roy boy might pull out the heater, for him there's nuttin sweeter Eight to your head, from his nine millimeter Roy had a thing about young black males He wanna see em dead or either locked in jail Down with every drug bust, for him it was a lust Kickin down doors is like dickin down whores I remember when he was a rookie, a tough cookie Beatin down kids for playin hookie You see Roy is the type of ne-gro with a alter-ego that's illegal He like shakin down niggaz on the block Take you face down, let you hear the sound of the hammer cock! No need to fill out a report Cause everybody know Roy doesn't get caught Now he's feeling like Superman to the trooper stand, with an Uzi in his hand Now Roy's gotta answer The pig's gonna get smoked like cancer, sticks for all the tricks that Roy's ever played Toy with the wrong nigga, boy you get, sprayed For all the fucked up shit, that you put a brother through Black man, learn to love you Cause even if you're dead, me and my crew will beat you in your head, and leave your ass full of lead Black and blue The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Brand Nubian Album: In God We Trust Song: Punks Jump Up To Get Beat Down Typed by: OHHLA.com ("Get nothin' but a beat down!")     Refrain 4x   Punks jump up to get beat down!   ("Get nothin' but a beat...") Sadat X: One day when I was ridin' on the train I seen these two kids talkin' about the Nubian reign had fallen. I didn't say nothin' cuz these kids caught my goat, even wore my coat like a murder that they wrote. So this kid with mouth swagger 'n I'll blaze the cloak and dagger so I gotta show Dukes the macho lot that I am. I can rock a jam, make the world drop ham, oh yes, I'm the bad man, and bad men wear black. And if it comes to droppin' bombs, yo, I'm with that. Though I can freak, fly, floow, fuck up a faggot. Don't understand their ways I ain't down with gays. You wanna grab the style that was made from my mom and my dad, when I was young I used to run with a notepad. Then dimes knew and somehow I knew that I was bad to the bone... black prodigy since the age of twen-ty. I could write a rhyme, rip it up and write a next one, right on the spot, sign my name with a dot. Diamond D threw me some smooth shit, Bronx crowd roar. Stick up your wack jam, everybody hit the floor. Okay it's you, Slim, the hard rock of the pack, don't wanna kneel to the brothers, you must be holin'. Bust some shit in his chest, now his whole body's swollen. Why did I have to do it? He asked for it. His man saw it, so it don't mean shit to me. He's gone, that's how it's supposed to be....check it out now. I ain't goin' out, man that short shit is dead, have you heard what I said? If not, ask the dread. He got a can and that's bad...similar to the one that I got from my own dad.     Refrain 4x Lord Jamar: Your punk ass'll be grass quick fast like my name was flash when a nigga try and rob me for my cash. You thought you had a sweet vic, a nice pick, but you didn't anticipate that I might be sick. Now who's the trick, cuz I'm not a up. (No, no-no-no!) I always do the fuckin', just might do the buckin'. I leave my Nikes stuck in your rectum, till you learn Brand Nubian, yo, you gotta respect 'em. Dissect 'em, yo, our word is bond regardless. To my what, and do the Puma strut. So step the fuck off, before I punch you in your face, with the mothafuckin' bass! Then you're gonna taste blood in your mouth, it's gonna flood south to the ground, and you're gonna know I don't fuck around. So if you think you had two soft newjacks, we're gonna have to off you with a few cracks to the jaw and you won't pop that shit no more. Explainin' to your friends why you're layin' on the floor. Did you want some more? I didn't think so. Just got whipped like a faggot in the clink, so I suggest you take your bloody mess and find a piece of wire, fix your broken jaw, then it's time to retire. Lord Jamar will live long, cuz I give strong blows the heads of my foes. Dread flows, gives me power as it grows. Watch how rass-cladda you catch the speed knot, heed not, and hell will be your home, Lord Jamar, Sadat, as we swell your dome.     Refrain 4x The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Brand Nubian Album: Everything is Everything Song: Word is Bond Typed by: davpaul@dove.net.au Intro/Chorus: (x2) "Word is bond, we got it goin on		  "C'mon throw ya hands in the air Brand Nubian'll rock to the break of dawn   in the air, in the air It's like that y'all, ya don't stop		   C'mon throw ya hands in the air Brand Nubian'll rock the sure shot"	   in the air, in the air" Verse One: Lord Jamar, Sadat X Whenever ya hear the piece of the track, peace to the black peeps on the streets with the beats in the jeeps Comin back in '94 with the raw that's against the law It's the G-O-D, my delivery is C-O-D Word is bond and bond is life We got it goin on tonight, don't nobody wanna fight they wanna see a tight show where some brothers might go for broke Utilisin the effects of the smoke More cash to smash to make the blunt last Fill it with hash til it pass, don't even ask in the Flat' Put ass in a grip, flags is half-mast Somebody must've passed, we're makin your ass drip into the stands Fold my cash at last, my task to teach the class and receive somethin more than brass is a blast Make a brother work hard, long and fast...... Chorus (x2) Verse Two: Lord Jamar, Sadat X Dreadlock, I send a rock from my block Clock wax like crack, samplin from old stacks That's where the soul's at, in this whole rap universe We kick the funky tunes with a burst Sun, moon and star, *?Sunbumba?* Jamar To get me in the flow, now I'm read' to go Set to show, everybody in the party that we're nice wit out sippin on Bacardi and ice The southpaw, ask your ma, I be the shinin star No matter who you are, no matter who you are I'll rape the tape, drop along in interstate wit weight, wipe the slate and, mob the gate And by fakin I'll avoid the court date, no legal aid Everything's paid, while courts are tyraid If the money ain't made, talkin millions but spendin penny's and gettin cheap shoes from Kenny's Chorus Verse Three: Lord Jamar, Sadat X Now let's take time out to say peace to the GODs (PEACE) Bust how I release cos this beat is hard We be the squad from raw-taught to rule Take a thought to the top now I drop the jewel I push the Cadillac DeVille and still we real I drive a garbage truck and not give a ........ I need to earn a buck four-a-year I'm thru with buyin wild gear Just somethin I can wear, somethin fly when I'm there Well now we're here to take the gold and the cash 'fore the bill fold I told their ass to chill and they're still cold Frozen cos they're not amongst the chosen one Sun shines like a beacon, similar to Howard Speake As I receive the mic for the last time, I clear up your past crime All felonies can go, as long as you know Brand Nubian will stand, without the use of a band We always work with a plan Chorus (x2) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Brand Nubian Album: Everything is Everything Song: Straight Off Da Head Typed by: davpaul@dove.net.au Yeah, yeah, fo' your mind Hmmmright, let's see what we can come up with Record after record, yeaaah, rhyme after rhyme check it [Sadat X] In the studio, on the first try On the verse high only birds fly You get out the pack like that y'all Straight off da head (what?), let niggas know I use to wear the pro Get three strikes yo, I used to have to court awarder but now I got a daughter and she gotta grow And I let her know that that ain't the way to go My name is X, yo I'm like a puzzle when I get released Just like I had my muzzle off, check it out yo I can never be sold You don't stop (and you don't quit) and you don't stop (We're makin hit after hit after hit y'all) Ya don't stop [Lord Jamar] Comin straight off da head one time it's the dread Lord J Come around the way, would you say? One time with my crew, manifessin Just like that, now who you think you tessin? Uhh Brand Nubian, my crew be in effect, uhh Get erect with the blunts and ya check right in, one time, goin to the bank, I'm cashin, and you know I be stashin in the mattress, one time with the phatness beats, I be blowin up, showin up at shows, checkin all the hoes Just like that and defeatin all my foes Go for jack [Sadat X] Yo my name is X, yo my name is X and I was born in the BX, I went to New Rochelle Know my man Mark the Spark who live in the Vernon And my man be they rhythm, dwell in Bronxdale, in the home of the boss, goin down the block or go to forest Keep on goin past Morris High School Then I go down the street to Courtland Ave. Vietnam, the male goes in Jackson Over the bridge, on 45th to 8th Ave. Go to 7th Ave., go to Polo Grounds Go to Drewham, 1-0-6 all the way to 1-10 Black Puerto Rican and Dominican, check it out [Lord Jamar] Uhh, we're gonna show you how we live, take you straight across the bridge to Medina where the GODs is meaner, wisdom is cleaner Straight down on Flatbush Ave. Some of the streets in Brooklyn'll make you laugh Names like Myrtle and Willoughby Things like Scurmerhorn and Classun and funny names like that but still they got the gats rollin Just like that that's how we be strollin Maestro Manny and my man Big Ill, we fill blunts Just like that we kill stunts Guts, and what'cha want like that, we got nuts Just like that cos it's phat, uhhh [Sadat X] Check it out, yeah (Like that, ya don't stop) And I keep on goin, I keep on goin (Just like that ya don't stop) My head keep goin on Rob deep from mackadocious, your cut be close With the one blade, ever since the first grade I been a fan of the rap and I can do this I use to watch and listen, and watch the ol' time greats and watch em how they did things and I learned it well I rip in New Rochelle, that's where I dwell (Uhh) Check it out, my name is X, yo my man Mark the Spark's with me My man Serge got the urge to splurge, he came from Cleveland All the way from Ohio, he's gonna letcha know can you deal with his flow, yo yo? [Lord Jamar] Aiyo, peace to the GODs, peace to the Earth Peace to the birth of me and my seed Khari It's like that in effect one time, and I'm the black man, intelligent with the plan Islam be the bomb, droppin on the devils Goin to a higher level Peace to Farrakhan and the Nation like that Creation is black, one time, that's a fact Original solar, I'm Lord Jamar, yes I be the intelligent one, I be the sun shinin Like the light in the night, but still I be bright One time, now I recite the lessons for ya one time, messin for ya or check it out, without a doubt Peace to the GODs, sincere, makin it clear Peace to Tamiq, yeah that's the language we speak Peace to Knowledge, he didn't go to college but still he got the supreme mind The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Brand Nubian Album: Everything is Everything Song: Nubian Jam Typed by: davpaul@dove.net.au Intro/Chorus: Laura Alfored Seem all the fellas understand what it feel cos it's a Nubian Jam and everthing's real *repeat* Verse One: Lord Jamar It's time to blow up the spot, anything you was in, you're thru the roof All the jams we done been thru is proof We blend truth, with mathematics doin acrobatics over beats The sound dramatic when it played in Landrover jeeps I know my peeps is in the front of the stage smokin blunts with the strokin stunts, ready to set it when the word is given, I know you heard how we was livin Never takin no shit, just stayin clever and makin the hits Shakin the tits of the honeys when they jump Makin money's what we bump cos slumps is for chumps and we pumps, worldwide, girls slide backstage Lookin for a free ride, legs divide at a young age Lord Jamar is like Jesus, speakin in parables and to devil's is cemarable to see this, but they ain't got no choice No escapin the penetration of the voice Chorus (x2) Verse Two: Sadat X And I watched and I watched and I watched then I looked The X is like no other who can drop it in the rain I'm not that high, so give me back my lighter Stage right in the party at night, I'm in the shadows Thinkin bout returnin to the spotlight The X is top flight, ESPN highlight From, throughout the rhythm, I give em what I give em Oil slickness on that ass like *?Ewin?* I know what I'm doin, leave your whole town ruined Brand Nubian, the name alone stands Overseas fans be shoutin different accents So hence the black prince from 2-0 Soft-spoken but my words comprehended by the herds Goin back to the days past the ol' gun phase All stare in amaze or get caught with the rays Cos the X is like the master of the phrase..... Chorus: Laura Alfored Seem all the fellas understand what you feel cos it's a Nubian Jam and everthing's real *repeat x3* Verse Three: Sadat X, Lord Jamar I want the mic in the clutch cos it's too cold to hold, and too hot to touch I'm like the thoroughbred searchin for cheese You can't cut off the head of a fatal disease MC's freeze at thirty-two degrees below Justice served, now watch us bust this herd in the head with another jam set by the brother man Letters for the other man, understand Chorus: Laura Alfored Seem all the fellas understand what you feel cos it's a Nubian Jam and everthing's real *repeat 3X* The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Brand Nubian f/ Busta Rhymes Album: Everything Is Everything Song: Alladat Typed by: davpaul@dove.net.au Intro: Sadat X Ha, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah Yo, straight from the wilds of The Bronx, it's Buckwild, y'knowI'msayin? And that kid Sadat X born king, doin my thing KnowI'msayin? I let'cha know how it is in my lifestyle everyday Verse One: Sadat X Lately yo, I been walkin tightropes It's an adventure everyday as I walk down the block Quiet baldhead is like a bad motherfucker All charged up from Madison Ave. I'm up on the stage if you read the front page Give me the ol' school mic wiv a cord I'll stand on the table, give a fuck about a label Now, we all can't brawl, we all can't brawl It'll be your downfall when you're goin like this Is it the cash or the hash from my stash that compells you? Gas kids throw me but my crew bring me back They stay on my back so I don't act like alladat Hook: Busta Rhymes Now all these niggas carry on like they think they alladat They think they alladat, they think they alladat Now all these niggas carry on when they think they alladat They think they alladat, they think they alladat Verse Two: Sadat X Late one night, 55th outpost Chickenhead watchin to see who she can catch She got a man, I can tell cos the action in her eyes ain't nervous, a young sassy thing She call me a playa, standin on the corner wiv her whole dime crew I'm ridin down the block wiv her girlfriend In the next nigga's car, lookin like a star Shades, blackness, packed his whole damn frame Ya got to be down to *?starts?* about the booty Cos Sonny Lamb packs the wham It's all good, yeah it's all good See it attracts kids that are sweater A nigga like me'll be the first to forgetta So now she all mad, bringin drama to the crib Go ahead, chickenhead, wit the funk You get played like trash if you act like you'd always have and you always will Chickenheads is only good for a thrill Hook: Busta Rhymes Yo yo, yo they think they alladat, they think they alladat All these bitches carry on when they think they alladat They think they alladat, they think they alladat Verse Three: Sadat X Now my cheques jam and I waited all damn week And if I flip em the bad guy, you wonder why When the corner officers and nobody can call me back and everybody claims to know nothin And these is the peoples that's down wit me supposedly, lays on my side, yeah right They let a nigga die in the night if you let em You can get wild, flip, go grab the mask But it damn sure slow-up the cash cos I know ya be a menace to society, still waitin for the dough The thinkin man is the one with the plan Plant his seeds first then be ready to burst It's like that, huh? My name is X from the hot blocks of Harlem Take it personally when you try to stop my stardom Use to be mild, find myself gettin wild Got to slow down for my girl and my child Cos I love life and I gots ta live it and everytime I get on stage I'ma move sometin And you can never say the X didn't hit'cha Aiyo, I put it on ya, but first I warn ya This ain't no average skit, this is a hit More than you hit, better than your best shit better than your man's shit, better than his cousin's shit better than your whole block, buck once and then ya come wit that nons.... Interlude: Sadat X talking Aight, hey Buck, when you bring what you bring to the game and when I bring what I bring to the game, it's dangerous that I can't even call it. But we gonna end it off like this, y'knowI'msayin? On some Bronx town shit, check it out Verse Four: Sadat X The big X has spoken, courtesy of Buck A Bronx hoe-down similar to the showdown Won't you place a bet on ya man You know my style and you know where I stand  I'ma leave you on wit the real for right now Peace to Brand Nubian, Now Rule and Buckwild But right now, peep the master of the headnod Hit New York harder and smarter, thieves attack, now stay back Tainted styles don't pass the grade A lotta kids are slidin, just ridin on the wave A lotta kids are slidin, just ridin on the wave A lotta kids are slidin, just ridin on the wave Hook: Busta Rhymes Yo, all these niggas think they hard when they think they alladat They think they alladat, they think they alladat All these bitches act like sluts when they think they alladat They think they alladat, they think they alladat Now all these fraud niggas are bitches when they think they alladat They think they alladat, they think they alladat Fuck dem niggas out there who think they alladat They think they alladat, they thunk they alladat Fuck dem niggas, fuck dem bitches Fuck dem fraud ass, motherfuckers Fake ass niggas HAH! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Brand Nubian f/ Serge, Maestro Manny, Snagglepuss Album: Everything is Everything Song: Step Into Da Cipher Typed by: davpaul@dove.net.au [Lord Jamar] First up it's the nuts up, what's up to the niggas from the projects Prospect Park in Brooklyn, I'm lookin at another crime scene Committed by the brothers on this rhyme team Just freestylin in a cipher, I take the life of MCs If you're wack we got the right to seize He's black like Ultra, know your culture Motherfuckers don't know so they won't grow Lord Jamar show and prove the rules I kick Makin niggas move, no matter how smooth it get or how rigid, niggas still get it I kill wicked motherfuckers with the rhymes that I structures In my third eye, know you heard I study math like a mathmatician See half of y'all wishin you could sound like the GODs from the town of the Rule, you ain't got the urge, bust it down Serge [Serge] You know I smoke it like the flame to the tip of that bud, we just twistin from another dimension, did I mention that funky, that's the only way we know how to get niggas Rhymes belimminent like a partial scholarship But my style's so heavy it make you lean when I drop Leave you spinnin like the washin machine before it stop Goin all out, have to seal these motherfuckers fate On a mission from Cleveland, ridin it from outta state So ready yourself because it's on full scale I heard some put Jamar to bail down to New Rochelle Now Rule, that's where we scheme and we plot On the late night, blunted in the basement with Sadat And we discussin your demise, know it's gonna come sure as the sun's gonna rise, send me the drum And Serge is buckin off a shot from the mental insight Air tight, throw a worker from cradle to gravesite [Maestro Manny] I feel lick a shot pum pum, push up on the one *?I'll bad bad and I'll run?* Original Flatbush style, and solo jam like BEEP Han Solo man Yes-a, Mr.Intellect-And-Sex in the flesh I'm rougher than the hair on your girl's chest Maestro Manny one verse, time come in My ??? ??? scab when they go flurry You don't concern me, your style can't burn me You's about as hardcore as Big Bird, Bert and Ernie My steelo fat like your girlfriend, pregnant with twins After Thanksgiving then they're eatin pork skin I don't give a fuck about your section, just watch your murder flexin Step correct to the brother with the dark complexion 6' 1", two weaves and cocked diesel You can see that hair is curly, ain't no fuckin up like ??? SEE!!!! *Interlude* [Snagglepuss] When the corrupt stuff in my mind starts to erupt Even the hard niggas will be yellin "That's enough" But what about my style, ooh child, I switch em up Rearrange em up, in other words I change em up Snagglepuss, I make a nigga fall like the season So exit stage left cos you ain't on my level, leaf You wanna battle? Here's what happened to the last kid His wife became a widow and his kids became bastards In the rap profession, I'm not the one for testin I'm the first to let'cha know I'm way dirty like mudwrestlin So bring all the flunkies you roll with So when I set it on your ache, you all be like "Oh shit!" You want more so here we go, peep how my rap flow I'll have your ass sneakin out the backdoor This is some trouble you don't wanna get your ass in So watch your step and don't come out'cha mouth in the wrong fashion [Sadat X] Feel the wind blow thru your hair My aim is square on your backbone You're home alone and your mom work the double shift Just enough time for me to hit that off "Bounce on a nigga" said my man Wop Peace to the squad, One-Eighth, Fo' and Teepee, check it I'm the type of nigga that'll walk down the street on some casual shit, even my kid could flip Hear me on the wop tape BAM!! HIT EM Hear me with the rhythm, yo you better go get em, check it Anticipation, you're waitin and waitin Peace to Courtland Ave., Teepee wheelnose in Satan, the early bird, aiyo that's my word My man Joon with the 'erb to the moon Eh Shawn Black, nigga, where ya at? No type of daydreamer or a nigga with enphysema This is X and I'm straight from the Rule The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Brand Nubian Album: Everything is Everything Song: Sweatin Bullets Typed by: davpaul@dove.net.au Intro/Chorus: Sweatin bullets, watch me pull it on a motherfucker (Wet em up!) Sweatin bullets, wet a whole click full of suckers (Wet em up!) Sweatin bullets, watch me pull it on a motherfucker (Wet em up!) Sweatin bullets, if I flip then I'm gonna fuck it (Wet em up!) *repeat* Verse One: Sadat X For the next couple of seconds or however long it takes I'ma hit y'all with somethin far below Christ or nothin Couldn't get a better deal if this was Vegas Ain't no cards on the table, just a bottle of Black Label and a picture of your girl who I said was sweatin bullets Reach for it, pull it, or we'll always have beef You'll be scared to walk the streets, sweatin up your sheets You bought a ticket to Jamaica, I caught you at the airport Blood spilled on your dome, which funeral dome is da one preferred, all expenses occurred to the one who sweats the bullet, slugs, thugs and drugs Or whoever bring it better be able to sing it Cos the song of a dead man's a sad one And a family without a son is a mad one Sweatin bullets and I know you love your family but Money you can't scare me or when I'm feelin *?melly?* You could get over but I'ma bring ya back down Play ya like a clown, from the brother's ringling Your spine is tinglin, you can't feel your legs "Will I ever walk to the doctor?" you begs The hot one shattered your spinal vertebrae Remember that shit that you said the other day They gotcha style with the dead arm Take the dead aim and flash your name Chorus Verse Two: Lord Jamar I'm sweatin motherfuckers like Jack LeLaine, I packs the pain I'll rack your brain, leave you in a sack wit your name hangin from your toe as I'm bangin your hoe She'll be slangin pussy down in Magic City, bringin me doe If you don't know it's Lord Jamar from the Nubian set No matter who the fuck you are we're puttin down the sweat Servin heat on a motherfucker's street Bullets be dripped whiles a motherfucker trippin You'll never catch me slippin cos I got my rubber soles The devils make me sick, I'd love to fill em full of holes Kill em all in the daytime, broad motherfuckin daylight 12 o'clock, grab the Glock while waitin for the night We sweatin motherfuckin bullets, and if we break a sweat that means we'll make ya wet I'll take your life and jet back to some place cooler Now Ruler is where my burner gets the fueler If niggas wanna do I got the hollow point teflon The kind niggas will vest then get laid to rest on So niggas bring your best on but I suggest you invest on a burial plot cos shit is gettin hot, we're sweatin bullets Chorus The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Brand Nubian Album: Everything is Everything Song: Lick Dem Muthaphuckaz (REMIX) Typed by: davpaul@dove.net.au "Cos no matter who you are, you're still catchin bullets, god" [Lord Jamar] You like to taste the lead, well get your face fed After I'm done, you rather suck on pencils Here comes the coroner with chalk for the stencils of your body As I walk over the shit and spit outta heart Now brothers talk shit and can't back it That's why I had to fit em with a full metal jacket Peel his cap once cos I know it's all it takes Watch the muthaphucka bawlin, his body catch the shakes (BLAST) Just before he die, I'ma look him in his eye Ask the nigga how he figure he was big enough to try the muthaphuckin G-to the O-to the D I told ya couple times that the Gods must be crazy but ya didn't listen, so now ya on a mission to get an autopsy, a raw C-O, ya can't stops me Now tell me is there anybody else before I put my AK back on the shelf Cos I put in work like Job Corps Niggas talk shit and get jerked and robbed for their life by a knife or a gun So when ya see me comin, nigga, run "See I had to lick em"	"Punk muthaphucka" "See I had to lick em"	"Punk muthaphucka" "See I had to lick em"	"Punk muthaphucka" "See I had to lick em"	"Punk muthaphucka" "Cos no matter who you are, you're still catchin bullets, god" *repeat* [Sadat X] Somebody's dead, a whole crowd formed The cops ain't even come yet, Money's dead in the street Somebody called his people and they come downstairs screamin Six girls cryin wild cos Money had a child A good dick, couldn't even stand the .44 lick Dead quick, the funeral is strictly closed-casket And ol' Aunt Faith, her baby fingerpaints My Moms know the time so she wanna send me down to Alabama I gotta cousin, says she's got some friends She says they strictly fuckin, I could get away from buckin She tried to gas me up, I tell her sex is everywhere and sex is but a word, it ain't shit I ain't heard Tell my Moms I ain't leavin, my crew said to stay My crew I'm believin so fuck it anyway I got my mob from the Rule, that live by the cruel and my crew from Courtland Ave. always say they'll set it off And if I choose, who's somebody might die and if they don't die, they won't be able to walk Pump slugs in his back, he's talkin pussy talk "Cos no matter who you are, you're still catchin bullets, god" "See I had to lick em"	"Punk muthaphucka" "See I had to lick em"	"Punk muthaphucka" "See I had to lick em"	"Punk muthaphucka" "See I had to lick em"	"Punk muthaphucka" "Cos no matter who you are, you're still catchin bullets, god" *repeat* [Lord Jamar] Well hey muthaphuckaz, it's the dread with the 9 Lead to the head of you devils, now it's bedtime I said I'm not the nigga to be playin out I'll leave your body layin out the sid, talk shit and you'll get licked Get hit by a dread who's fed with the nonsense Leave you red, where my clip empty out his contents Spill your guts when I fill ya up with the flame juice Niggas' nuts, I had to fuck em up and use my name loose Some silly goose, we be down on the subway He gets no love cos he's rubbin me the wrong way Disrespectin, infect the masses So I elect to come direct and disect some asses My nigga passes the gat, rat-a-tat-tat Now you shut your fuckin trap cos you was who I's fuckin at I got you suckin at the chrome like a nipple The only way your ass is goin home is as a cripple [Sadat X] And then I peed on niggas, came the absolute worst Lost compassion for humans, and then smack up they moms Ran and got the arms, from under the mattress My little man Satan got somethin in his jacket Let me get to work and I'll release the swarm My man mean a lot these days I got the hash, cash plus my people raise me well Bring it to em X, and we'll take the weight Run and get the Mac from the Park Ave. location Bronx location, wit a extra bag of clips Plus I want it tight and I don't play that much So I'll have all the reefer and set up all the stock And everybody's fuckin, yo Money, she wasn't great You just got mad, ya girl got videotape So save the noise, niggas, cos I can't hear "Cos no matter who you are, you're still catchin bullets, god" "See I had to lick em"	"Punk muthaphucka" "See I had to lick em"	"Punk muthaphucka" "See I had to lick em"	"Punk muthaphucka" "See I had to lick em"	"Punk muthaphucka" "Cos no matter who you are, you're still catchin bullets, god" *repeat x3* The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Brand Nubian Album: Everything Is Everything Song: Claimin' I'm A Criminal Typed by: davpaul@dove.net.au Verse One: Lord Jamar 7 in the mornin, they kickin down my momma's door Now tell me what is this motherfuckin drama for? Can a nigga get rest after rest without the stress? Then they put the Glock to my chest Best think 'fore I twitch or I'm popped off to the clink with this bitch ass cop They gotta nigga locked like the dread on my head, jack And if I try to fight back, well then I'm dead, black I got the right to an attorney and to stay silent They got the right to try to burn me if I play violent I know the game so I just roll with the procedure Illegal search and seizure, somethin that they're doin at their leisure Down at the station, interrogation is takin place Overcrowded jails but for me they're makin space Tell the devil to his face he can suck my dick It's the whole black race that they're fuckin with Come to find my crime was lettin brothers know the time Only the devil is stoppin me from eatin swine And plus my prior record sealed my fate One For All and In God We Trust got me sent upstate But still I won't bite my tongue I just write tight shit to incite the young, to fight the one who keeps them on a level that's minimum That's the number one reason Chorus: (sample of Luther Ingram's "I'm Tryin To Sing A Message To You") (*They claimin I'm a criminal*) This time and day Ooooh, gotta run for time (*They claimin I'm a criminal*) This time and day Ooooh, gotta run for time *repeat* Verse Two: Sadat X I was frustrated, I can't do no more push-ups Niggas be swole up, locked down cos of a hold-up "The devil made me do it" is what I say Got some bad news on my one phone call the other day "I love the kids and I teach em to love their father I'll get you some kicks and try to send some flicks but it's over, baby, yes it's over" Ain't much you can do when you're holdin a phone A million inmates but ya still alone You're not cryin but inside ya dyin You might cry in the night when ya safe and outta sight Damn I miss my peeps and the rides in the jeeps and my, casual freedom, where's my crew when I need em? A visit ain't the same like being in the game but I'll take it, at least with that I'll make it The beast is a bitch and I see it I do the knowledge to em, so next time I can do em "Yo X, I got ta lock it now but write me real soon I know that you're a busy man, give me a minute" You can never know the penal til you been locked the fuck up in it Chorus: This time and day Ooooh, gotta run for time This time and day Ooooh, gotta run for time (*They claimin I'm a criminal*) This time and day Ooooh, gotta run for time (*They claimin I'm a criminal*) This time and day Ooooh, gotta run for time (*They claimin I'm a criminal*) (x12) (*They claimin I'm a criminal*) This time and day Ooooh, gotta run for time *repeat to fade* The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Brand Nubian Album: Everything is Everything Song: Gang Bang Well, there's mad gangs, but only one got control Wherever they roam, from north pole to south pole Ice cold with a vice hold on all crime They gettin paid even if they shit is small time All your dimes'll get took, yo watch them sling (?) them things cause they nothin but a gang of crooks Things look like they'll be here for a while Momi and Daddy better fear for they chile Cause they style is not just makin a fast chickens (?) They also into murder and ass kickin distortion and kidnappin, the kid is black handsome ransome they just get you your kid back But either way they gonna make a loot If they keep the kid he's gonna do a bit as a prostitute Owin freak (?) for some T. A. N. G. (?) From six to sixty-six they count us catchin thick (?) Shit sticks in your mind Make a nigger wanna go out and fight crime I write rhymes as an answer to they gang size If they wanna jack your car you can sang mines Gang bang Gang bang Police ain't nothing but a gang #4 Date rapes, got the shakes since the first of the month So you gotta play, the cheque cash close (?) You know you gotta make up that loss So when the cut was butt (?) and the work was dirt A whole baggage fucked up ?), you know you're de man. You gotta head him off, if you still want the block So he can look the other way, if he catch you with the glock. All de cook up, he might give you the hook up (?). So you don't get moves downtown in the tombs New gang member, he's a rookie and his wid extortion (?) He got a wife and his daughter wanna a pony his man's a Columbian and they both got they hands in the soup And you gotta hit off your group Niggers to be outside til like four in the mornin niggers with the toast so when the gang get too close Naw a gang don't play by the rules and they up they demands Gotta grease mo hands, gotta get mo work Gotta get more weight, gotta stay up late And travel out of state, hey fuck the gang fucks nothin niggers are bluffin, as they snatch you for the kidnap they don+t even show Got fucked in the ass, so now who's the hoe Gang 88 (?), mo kinds of dicks, don't give a fuck about the brothers, As long as they get they cash, News flash These kids is the worst, if you see 'em Then you better hit em first, Don't shoot til you see the whites of they eyes Hands and thighs, they might front and sell ya been pies (?) Black man, don't trust those lies Cause the gangs is a bunch of dicks Gang bang Gang bang Police ain't nothing but a gang #4 This song is dedicated to all the original gangsters out there You know what I+m sayin NRPD, NYPD, LAPD, state troopers and all the Pds in Queens, FBI, CIA, DEA, TNT, ATN, INS, FEMA, Interpol, National Guard, Coast Guard, Army, Navy, Airforce, Marines, Secret Service, and all the rest of the motherfuckin hogs out there rollin in the mud The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Brand Nubian Album: Everything Is Everything Song: Down For The Real Typed by: davpaul@dove.net.au Intro: Y'all niggas hurry up. Go in there, buck them niggas and get the fuck out, don't be playin, dogg playin, yahearwhutI'msayin? Kill them niggas and get the fuck back so we can stay ballin, we'll be chillin right here "Eh nigga, I wanna know if you're ready to do this shit? You ready to do this shit or what, motherfucker? And don't be actin like no pussy when we get the fuck out, man" "Is you down, nigga?" ---> O-Dog [Lord Jamar] Well if you're down say you're down, if you're scared, say you scared This is the real, don't fuck around and come unprepared or you might lose your life on the mean streets Middle of the night when the motherfuckin fiends meet Hold your grip tight yo, don't let it slip You gotta keep your tool for the fools that wanna trip And if they wanna trip, send em on a vacation All expenses paid for a devil's cremation Can't be no contemplation, cos if he busts first you're gettin burst, uhh Layin on your back, I guess what I'm sayin, black, is that if you ain't down then don't fuck around "Is you down, nigga?" Cos the shit gets thick in my town This ain't a TV show or a song from the radio Murder on the streets, yo, is at a high ratio So it ain't no time for playin You takes the 9 and I'ma be sprayin Now what the fuck's this look in your eye? You're lookin nervous, nigga Earlier tonight you was all ready to service, nigga Now your trigger ain't got no itch You're attitude switch like a motherfuckin bitch I can see thru your expression that you're vessin Feelin crazy pet, lookin like you wanna jet But now the shit is obvious, you just can't deal I gotta find another nigga down for the real, "Is you down, nigga?" Are you down for the real? [Sadat X] Real lifestyle's where niggas run wild Day after day the product line is a mile A nigga got his eye aimed on what's mines I gots ta lay low cos my PO is thorough He keep checkin every borough cos my address pad is thick Niggas be actin wild cos they girl be on my dick This kid downtown don't like me, he say he want me dead He even put up cash and put a price on my head At first I can't sweat it but my little man got hit We had a lotta thrills but now he's buried in the catskills Rumour has it, that bein with me's a target My crew go less and less and I resort to wearin a vest Ain't got no type of fans, just me and my mans We be drawin up plans that include the use of guns Try to stay alive so we can spare no use of funds A month or two blows, a whole year blows Are we still on our toes as we guzzle all the Moet? Two drunken poets as the first shots hit My man don't duck quick and gets hit in the chest I just got nicked cos I had on the vest Now I'm dashin, cars in the garage Run past the Path'. run past the Dodge Rumble for the keys, made it to my shit The AK can spray now niggas is gettin hit, "Is you down, nigga?" Are you down for the real? Chorus: Are you down for the real, motherfuckers?, "Is you down, nigga?" Are you down for the real..............? , "Is you down, nigga?" Now are you down with the real ass niggas? , "Is you down, nigga?" Now tell me if you're down for the real? , "Is you down, nigga?" *repeat* "Is you down, nigga?" (x10) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Brand Nubian Album: Everything is Everything Song: Return of the Dread Typed by: davpaul@dove.net.au "It's the return of the motherfuckin dreadlock" "It's the return of the motherfuckin dreadlock" "It's the return of the motherfuckin dreadlock" "It's the return of the motherfuckin dreadlock" "Anyway you come I'm in your motherfuckin shit, mate" ---> Scarface "Lord Jamar will live long  cos I give strong blows to the hoes and my foes" (x4) [Lord Jamar] Well it's the Lord J lightin up more shit than Broadway and Times Square wit nuff rhymes for your air Crimes appear to have no motive, I wrote a  shit I seen on the street now y'all fiend for the beat like a crackhead but this black dread don't sell drugs although I dwell with the, thugs New Rochelle bust slugs from the tool in the Rule Leavin devils mugs in a blood pool Just like mud makes fossil fuels, colossal be the jewels I drop The way I schools this thru hip-hop I rip shop like shit was made of paper mache My shape was tip-top and it can be no greater display I pray today and see the devil takin off the Earth But I'm lay it, keep on makin shit for what it's worth A butter verse over a beat that's pancake fat Niggas know it's like that and it's like that "Lord Jamar will live long  cos I give strong blows to the hoes and my foes"  "Lord Jamar will live long  cos I give strong blows to the hoes and my foes"  		"It's the return of the motherfuckin dreadlock" "Lord Jamar will live long  cos I give strong blows to the hoes and my foes"  "Lord Jamar will live long  cos I give strong blows to the hoes and my foes"  		"Anyway you come I'm in your motherfuckin shit, mate" [Lord Jamar] Now this is for my niggas who ain't fuckin with the system Tired of arrest, doin the best to try to dick em up the ass with no grease, the fuckin police gots ta go Niggas feel the same from Maine to Chicago California to New York, gotta warn ya bout the pork Baby, on a fuckin hawk Lookin for a nigga so they can dig another grave My big brother was a slave but I'm like Nat Turner with two burners Bustin back cos I'm black Now you learn a lesson on how to act Messin with original seed'll cause you to bleed Broke the universal laws now we're smokin yours Provoke cause the effect, and effective immediately we're gonna wreck shit repeatedly I ain't goin out wit out retaliatin, I got my niggas in the alley waitin Ready to bring the heat to Satan where he lives, there he is, handle your biz His mantle is wigged, you watch the pig squeel Ain't no big deal, far better worse was done to us It's time he run from us, nigga grab your gun and bust "Lord Jamar will live long  cos I give strong blows to the hoes and my foes"  "Lord Jamar will live long  cos I give strong blows to the hoes and my foes"  		"It's the return of the motherfuckin dreadlock" "Lord Jamar will live long  cos I give strong blows to the hoes and my foes"  "Lord Jamar will live long  cos I give strong blows to the hoes and my foes"  		"Anyway you come I'm in your motherfuckin shit, mate" [Lord Jamar] Hypnotic, psychotic, women have erotic thoughts of me Devils wanna torture me They'd like to string me up round my neck from a tree simply for the fact I'm a real motherfuckin G-O-to the D Niggas know me for speakin on the reals Freakin in my wheels with the cops on my heels He drops when I peels his cap with the real rap Thinkin bout takin me out, I can't feel that "Lord Jamar will live long  cos I give strong blows to the hoes and my foes"  "Lord Jamar will live long  cos I give strong blows to the hoes and my foes"  		"It's the return of the motherfuckin dreadlock" "Lord Jamar will live long  cos I give strong blows to the hoes and my foes"  "Lord Jamar will live long  cos I give strong blows to the hoes and my foes"  		"Anyway you come I'm in your motherfuckin shit, mate" Outro: (*some dread toastin*) "It's the return of the motherfuckin dreadlock" The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Brand Nubian Album: Everything is Everything Song: What the Fuck? Typed by: davpaul@dove.net.au [Lord Jamar] Once again it's the dread and the bald head Won't be satisfied til the devil's I see em all dead Layin in a mass grave, for the past slaves they were stayin Do you think a nigga forgot? Matter fact my trigger's hot, you blink you gettin shot And if the weather's hot, your body's gonna stink when it rot Lord J got the arms, Sadat got the bombs We don't feel shit, you cried a hit on ya moms Now leave the bloody bitch in a ditch Get'cha pretty penny if the mother of my enemy My brother's sendin me four bursts from down south And for the lies you told, I'ma buck you in the mouth Now what the fuck's this all about? [Sadat X] Everybody gotta weapon Who's gonna let burst the first shot? Hmm, I thought not Feel the battle, tell Darryl that his first-born is dead Shot in the back by the task force I'm mistakin your face in a similar face Got em murdered much like how the buffalo is herded by the pale face who threw some game on the Indian, who got jerked for New York You better walk, got caught then wear your vest We might throw somethin that's hollow Brand Nubian ain't never been the ones, to follow nobody We gotta lotta arms but I like to pump the shotty Hook: (x3) Now what the fuck's this all about? [Lord Jamar] It's all about brothers risin up, wisin up Sizin up a situation, but gettin fit within the nation No deviation, a straight pathways down my wrath I sing sounds of math on behalf of the Gods and the Earths, birthplace in space You be fuckin with my turf when you be fuckin with my race Now face, your maker and take your last breath The time is half past death now what the fuck's this all about? [Sadat X] If you're less than a man, in my eyes then your head's off, and I'ma set off the wheels Motherfuck the baby seals or savin the whales All the crack sells, it's the armageddon ............... so cancel the wettin Go in the garage, find that old camouflage blend in like a mirage and explode Take nothin lightly, crackers shootin nightly Cos I don't need nobody that's gon' shoot me in the back Black people show 'n' act and when they front, that's wack Hook (x6) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Brand Nubian f/ Starr Album: Everything is Everything Song: Hold On [Starr] I'll keep, holding on I'll keep, holding on! [Lord Jamar] Young black male, twenty-five years of age Many-a-lives didn't survive to this stage Cause the rage of another brother got him popped Shot him and he dropped, like a beanbag Mean motherfucker with a rag and some jeans that sag They signify your death by crossin out your tag Then they go and brag that they took another life Never to think, do a brother got a mother and a wife? Trife when a nigga do the work of the Klan That's what you're doin when you ruin the life of a black man Attack plan on self The man's got the family jewels, so I guess we're buryin wealth All because we've been taught to despise what's black Open your eyes you oughta realize the fact That you've been gettin used like a trick You think you're mighty, but yo, whitey got your head sick See you were fed thick pieces of swine as a baby It only help to drive your mind crazy Now your blind days be over No more standin on line, tryin to find Jehovah Let us rewind to a time we was right and just Nowadays we just fight and bust One another in the back over crack, a carjack Will get you killed, watch the blood get spilled To the scale, then watch how fast they build the jail Now they got you holdin on to a cell, well... [Starr] I'll keep, holdin on I'll keep, holdin on!! I'll keep, holdin on I'll keep, holdin on!! [Sadat X] Why it gotta be me B? I just came to chill Came to see the flicks, nuttin more nuttin less Try to show love even on a bad day I roll up, I'm never hold up, the L is swoll up The beef in the mind is definitely a winner Oh that's that rappin nigga, I thought he was much bigger Do you know this girl named nah B I don't know nothin Did that name-game shit right from the go get Shorty want an autograph, can I sign it at the end Oh I think I'm all of that now, so now it's fuck Brand Nubian Should I call you a bitch, or should I maintain? I'm just here with my lady, and you came witcha man This would force him to front, and I'm sure he don't want it Over some old bullshit, when I'm quick to pull shit Live dad, everything is everything I got a lotta shit to do I can't afford to catch a charge I'm a product of the streets, and I couldn't make no peace All the real hard shit I know, is on the down low Straight for real estate, on a scale I place your fate Now I'ma let you skate, you was a little weeded And I seen you don't need it So hold on with your bad self... [Starr] I'll keep, holdin on  I'll keep, holdin on!! I gotta hold on! I'll keep, holdin on My word is bond, I gotta be strong I'll keep, holdin on!! And keep holdin on, yeah Ya see life's gettin rough but I gotta hold on All these little suckers want me alone Yeah, yeah, yeahhh!! Ya see life's gettin rough but I gotta hold on All these little suckers want me alone Yeah, they want me alone Yeah, yeah yeah But I gotta hold on Because my word is bon And it's on and on, on and on, on and on On ya... I gotta hold on Yeah yeah yeahhhh yeah yeahhh yeahhh Ohhhhh yeahh yeahh yeah Yeahh! *fades* The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Brand Nubian Album: Foundation Song: The Return Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash "Grand Puba"	"Lord Jamar"	"Sadat X"	"Alamo" [Puba]	"Raised in the ghetto singin songs called survival" [Jamar]	"I'm only bringin you the real" "Grand Puba"	"Lord Jamar"	"Sadat X"	"Alamo" [Puba]	"Raised in the ghetto singin songs called survival" [Sadat]	"Have a stout if you know what I'm talkin about" Verse One: Lord Jamar Three sixty degrees I stand in the square, right over left Preparin to fight to the death, you could never stifle this Not even the triflest, nigga on Earth, could ever fuck  with what I spit in a verse, we always hit where it hurts Underground so we dig in the dirt Always gotta put a nigga to work, is how it seems It's kinda hard to hear the silent screams Through the violent things, turn a deaf ear Your body might get left there - you better step to the rear We put it down with Premier, rock mad army gear You ain't heard us all together in, several years It's like a federal crime, you had to settle for rhymes that lacked substance, we got that in abundance Pro-black and you know that We stay Fat like Joe Crack, Lord Jamar come too far, to ever try and go back "Grand Puba"	"Lord Jamar"	"Sadat X"	"Alamo" [Puba]	"Raised in the ghetto singin songs called survival" [Jamar]	"I'm only bringin you the real" "Grand Puba"	"Lord Jamar"	"Sadat X"	"Alamo" [Puba]	"Raised in the ghetto singin songs called survival" [Sadat]	"Have a stout if you know what I'm talkin about" Verse Two: Sadat X I'm on 110 and Lennox with these Africans overseein our physical being, and how we doin it It only take one bad nigga to ruin it, pursuin it and actin like it can't happen put you in the chair To the bookings we go, on the twenty-four hour flow I run through obstacles, take off my shackles Proper backing with the bangers and the rhyme singers I run with dem and others, rock NY in colors with the straight brim and the chick who work in the gym The great Datty in the C-Town Express Whoever step to this is gonna have to face stress Whoever step to this better be at they best Look at me close I'm the perfect host you standin too close so back up, you should never try to act up The Wild Cowboy still got the style boy One of a kind I throw a helluva line "Grand Puba"	"Lord Jamar"	"Sadat X"	"Alamo" [Puba]	"Raised in the ghetto singin songs called survival" [Jamar]	"I'm only bringin you the real" "Grand Puba"	"Lord Jamar"	"Sadat X"	"Alamo" [Puba]	"Raised in the ghetto singin songs called survival" [Sadat]	"Have a stout if you know what I'm talkin about" Verse Three: Grand Puba Yeah, yeah yeah, yeah My man Primo hit me off with the plural Zig Zag Zig like Zorro now we makin more bread than Stella Doro Unsung hero bring more _Heat_ than DeNiro Never known for spittin trash shit on the mic, that shit's a zero Rhyme flow stay off the meter, tight like two-seaters Make y'all get nuts like a cellblock filled with dick beaters Make my approach then shorty's bagged like coach Cut on the lights if she ain't a dime then watch me run like a roach Y'all know my shit be hot they call me Dr. Doo-a-lot Now I got seeds so I'm stingy I keep strings on my Benji's So tree up, nigga we up, about to re-up Y'all know the deal, grab this paper, dissapear like Copperfield I need a meal, time to eats with a flow Drop the beat, press it up, and hit the street, dinnertime's complete My Nubian ways'll get ass that open for days Make more chips than Frito Lays when I spit the phrase that pays "Grand Puba"	"Lord Jamar"	"Sadat X"	"Alamo" [Puba]	"Raised in the ghetto singin songs called survival" [Jamar]	"I'm only bringin you the real" "Grand Puba"	"Lord Jamar"	"Sadat X"	"Alamo" [Puba]	"Raised in the ghetto singin songs called survival" [Sadat]	"Have a stout if you know what I'm talkin about" The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Brand Nubian Album: Foundation Song: Shinin' Star Typed by: davpaul@dove.net.au Yeah yeah, uhh, uh-huh Brand Nubian, yeah yeah, check it Intro/Chorus: You don't have to drive a fancy car Just for you to be a shinin' star No matter who you are, no matter who you are Verse One: Grand Puba Uhh, now it started it off for me in apartment 6C Project style, ate government cheese for a while Pop Duke wasn't there cos he had to do a bid so momma love stuck with these bad ass kids She used to say keep your head up, always think positive and never be ashamed of who you are or where you live Teenage years I had to struggle doing that Shorty say "Don't talk to him, girlfriend, look where he live at Crib probably crawlin with roaches and rats plus cats be in his hallways with the drugs and the gats" I used to try and honeys used to walk on by Now I'm damn near 20 and still ain't got no ride Caught a record deal, now them same old chicks that used to walk on by go out their way to say hi But they gets none That's why I'm with the same girl from the same projects that I come from because....... Chorus (x2) Verse Two: Sadat X Well this is that time that you've waited for Three linked from what was said to be extinct You say take my weed-smellin ass home, I'm grown More thirst than if I swallowed sand bags Not fiending enough to go out and grab bags from women I swear if we don't hear this on the air I'll be down at the station Your broadcast from Monday has now been switched to no day With the class team that I'm with, we stay fit Just like the calm before the twister hit Brand Nubian name is gonna blister shit We raise the flags in three places employ black faces from midnight blacks to light tan Brand Nubian straight rate policy for the world For your little man, for your little girl, from Cheryl to Earl Watch how it all go down and unfurl Mark this print, I feel like we've all been sent It's more than gettin money and gettin bent (Word life, cos you're a shinin' star) No matter who you are, no matter who you are Chorus Brand Nubian cats spread Verse Three: Lord Jamar A four-letter word seldom heard amongst my nation Understandings highest elevation, the foundation of creation of motivation, in my family there's no relation They got us willing to be killing off our population, full-time occupation We need to turn it around like oscillation or watch it all burn to the ground from frustration Lord Jamar, I'ma show love to all my people who show To me that's how it's gotta be Peace to Prodigy and Mobb Deep God's working hard on the streets for the love of the peeps Niggas bring their ass in the clubs every week Walk right past the brothers and they can't speak  All hands meet to shake, for Pete's sake Let's break the ice, life livin love, love livin life (Yeah) Chorus (x2) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Brand Nubian Album: Foundation Song: The Beat Change Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Sadat X] Somebody went gold in the Billboard, it was a X, but it was Mia Young boys ran to me in the local pizzeria He said, "You Jamar and Haji man y'all hot to death. Can y'all save what's left, or at least make a claim?" Shorty remind me of myself when I started in this game and through years I'm basically the same, as are my brothers I'm the eight track flashback before the days of crack Is it real or an act, fuck it, let's save the kids Yeah you all about war, why you tryin to die for? Yeah them niggaz real raw but you sleepin on the floor Yeah I walk through the Valley with my man Spark and Allie Days of money, in Harlem Week '85 with the Captain's hats, and my father's old guns Before I had a daughter, and before they had sons I stay the hypnotizer, style's a tranquilizer Got you feelin all loose, wettin up the goose The great Datty X and I'm hear to say You can always find me around the way [Lord Jamar] Uhh, I be that kid with the dreads that remember when I hid from the Feds, plus I always did what I said I was gonna do, talk shit, right in front of you Never forfeit, on top, we do it non stop Remember when we let the bomb drop with more jewels than a pawn shop from the school  of the hard knocks, straight off the Now Rule block Powerful aftershocks with the strength of Master locks We got you in a paradox, between a rock and a hard place We got the hard bass And erybody's gon' get a taste, get your plate First we had to let it marinate, now we straight, uhh Five mics is how we rate, stand with us And stand amongst the likes of the great scandalous Cats, try they best to decipher the tape What we manifest still gets blessed in every state [Grand Puba] Hey listen here dog a nigga keep it spicy hot Rhyme flow stay straighter than six o'clock Hustle rhymes like a nigga hustle shit on the block The shit is work and got a 4.6 in the lot I hustle knowledge, charge tuition like a college My wisdom hold me down in town like Jackie Brown I teach _Dangerous Minds_, like that chick Michelle Pfeffeir That's why the Gods check got at least 6 cypher My Justice Cypher Born, I ain't no helpless type nigga like a gat without a trigga I got the figure to make figures For years I've been doin this thing I do Since Ralph McDaniel's video show was on channel U Station 31, vice grip channel changer son The show was the banger, came in clear with a hanger Top notch status watch the God get it flamin Herbal with the verbal, drop top twin turbo Blazin for the year, born build to 2 G's Flow like these, help the God stack cheese Summer Jet-Ski, trunk with TV's Sittin under tropic trees with iced teas Mind stay positive black, guaranteed to grab the top dollar, more pull than the Rottweiler The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Brand Nubian Album: Foundation Song: Don't Let it Go to Your Head Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Grand Puba] Now a lot of people think this is easy as it looks Books and books of rhyme concepts and hooks Session to session to get thoughts manifested Stressin and stressin to hit the world with a blessin Lot of people often ask, "Puba how you givin back?" The way I give back is through the knowledge of my raps like a gem, for all my people caught out on a limb who be givin in, caught out on a stem, who don't wanna win "I'm feelin you I know you gettin down like that  but what I'm sayin Dog is let me hold a little somethin black!  I'll hit you back!" C'mon dead that, that's the tenth time I heard that -- all you know is gimme I work hard for every penny that I make -- video and tape LP and CD, if I fall, you feedin me? No dough to spread, always keep a level head Long as my seeds get fed, it won't go to my head, so.. 	"Don't let it go your head, no!" Everybody love a star, when he on top 	"Don't don't let it go your head, no!" Nobody comes around when the star start to drop 	"Don't let it go your head, no!" Strive to help others who help themselves 	"Don't let it go your head, no no no no no!" Knowledge of self, and good health and wealth  [Sadat X] The ladies are datin, no question but you can't tell her that Cause subconciously, we put our hand out Like I'm that ATM cat, drop me off at Chase Earring in the navel like you sex-u-al Royalty, while the whole loyalty means [shit] Get wreck in the kitchen like she were on the cooking channel and didn't have a [nigga] in the car do' GOD DAMN, she's a mother to be, I hope they're twins Give me a whole tribe and be as sexy as Janet was on the cover of Vibe She slick talk, playin you well she got a girlfriend that used to tap back when, so she always worryin with you Tell her hold it down ma, I give you high ranks Sometimes you wild but I guess that's your style If you lay up in my high rise, will you stay wise? Will the slave thighs open your eyes, girl.. 	"Don't let it go your head, no!" Don't believe those jealous type cats 	"Don't don't let it go your head, no!" Cause I'm the one makin some late night cash 	"Don't let it go your head, no!" I told you girl my home is my castle 	"Don't let it go your head, no no no no no!" Understand it won't be no hassle [Lord Jamar] I heard your single on the battle of the beats It won five nights, I bet you had the time of your life Workin so hard, and so long, to make a record Finally to make a song people respected Collect the dough at a show as you sip the Mo' Now you hittin the flo', you never hit befo' Got you trippin, how much better could it get? Got the leather with the work check, all up in the whip They're all legitimate, callin it what it's really not This is just one single you got, that's really hot Tomorrow it could bust just like a blood clot Leave you in the dust with your body to rot Another party to rock, if it's you or if it's me it doesn't matter cause it just won't stop Don't let your gray matter pop Cause when you release the album If they don't cop, you gonna get dropped, so.. 	"Don't let it go your head, no!" Cause one single don't make you a hit 	"Don't don't let it go your head, no!" Stay true to who you are don't never forget 	"Don't let it go your head, no!" Keep your feet on solid ground 	"Don't let it go your head, no no no no no!" Cause what goes up, must come down, uhh 	"Don't let it go your head, no!" 	"Don't don't let it go your head, no!" 	"Don't let it go your head, no!" 	"Don't let it go your head, no no no no no!" The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Brand Nubian Album: Foundation Song: Brand Nubian ('98) Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Puba]		Now who comin with that hot shit? "Once again" BRAND NUBIAN! [Puba]		Who about to rock shit? "Once again" BRAND NUBIAN! [Puba]		Super splashy with that head knot "Once again" BRAND NUBIAN! [Puba]		Seal it down cause it don't stop "Once again" BRAND NUBIAN! Verse One: Grand Puba Now as I blast off with my curricula, comin perpendicular Watch me kill it when I spill it, top bill it, shine like acryllic Actions manifest with the strategy of chess Hit you with more retardedness than the seed born from incest Since the scrotum I was that brother Ripped a hole in my daddy's rubber Swan dived into my mother Left behind a thousand others Caught one cat sittin in the egg, tossed him out he slid down the leg Born months later, I come ridin down the escalator The doctor tried to smack me but I caught him with a two piece My pops said, "Son you did it right, aww man my shorty tight" Then he passed the brother a mic and ever since my flow been tight Come on -- you gotta be kidding me if you think Brand Nu' lost a step and if you do go get a late pass cause you cats done overslept Over two thousand emcees attend school at Haji Prep Brand Nubian brothers, A alike, B alike, plus we see/C alike Cause ain't nuthin but that blazeness when these brothers touch the mic [Jamar]		Now who comin with that hot shit? "Once again" BRAND NUBIAN! [Jamar]		Who about to rock shit? "Once again" BRAND NUBIAN! [Jamar]		Super splashy with that head knot "Once again" BRAND NUBIAN! [Jamar]		Feel it now cause it don't stop "Once again" BRAND NUBIAN! [Jamar]		Now who comin with that hot shit? "Once again" BRAND NUBIAN! [Jamar]		Who about to rock shit? "Once again" BRAND NUBIAN! [Jamar]		Super splashy with that head knot "Once again" BRAND NUBIAN! Verse Two: Lord Jamar The rap legend, never pushed a Legend, gripped the mic with my bredderns, like Kryptonite we steal your powers Like Black Steel in the Hour of Chaos we come back to reveal the seventh seal, the drum track's the soundtrack for war -- hardcore righteous, the nicest Comin with advice that's priceless, to help the crisis It was felt by some, you wouldn't like this Now we got you strung like you sniffin that white bitch Flippin the tongue, even at a high pitch, we run shit like diarrhea, we burn that ass like gonorrhea You learn your past through the eyes of the overseer Me, I earn my cash tellin the truth They wanna make a felon out of every black youth My nigga Stick Man got the cracked tooth, steady yellin in the booth, we got big plans to make loot Waitin for the seeds we plant to take root [Sadat]		Now who comin with that hot shit? "Once again" BRAND NUBIAN! [Sadat]		Who about to rock shit? "Once again" BRAND NUBIAN! [Sadat]		Super splashy with that head knot "Once again" BRAND NUBIAN! [Sadat]		Feel it now cause it don't stop "Once again" BRAND NUBIAN! [Sadat]		Now who comin with that hot shit? "Once again" BRAND NUBIAN! [Sadat]		Who about to rock shit? "Once again" BRAND NUBIAN! [Sadat]		Super splashy with that head knot "Once again" BRAND NUBIAN! [Sadat]		Feel it now cause it don't stop "Once again" BRAND NUBIAN! Verse Three: Sadat X I'm here seven nights a week, no charge, and for two drink minimum, the Wild Cowboy number one With them C-Town and Manhattan street pose To they dancers on Thursday's for all the lost souls Laid out in bed she offering, don't want the pussy Fell for the hype but now I wanna stretch her cause her convo is slow, there's a lot of shit she don't know But she young and firm, she'll learn We hit them niggaz in the middle of the month, check day And in a future life I will probably pay But who's to say, cause I'm right here today, and death to spray You wanna get some smoke see my man Jose You want somethin stronger got to wait a little longer From the Harley Houses to the Brasley Houses To my City Park youth throwin rocks off the roofs and my sons downtown, they don't give a fuck Let the flames off from inside of the truck (BLOW) My OT pipeline will stop your lifeline Make your wife blind and best in your lifetime (no doubt) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Brand Nubian f/ Common Album: Foundation Song: Maybe One Day Typed by: mbfamily@erols.com, OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Grand Puba] Yeah, yeah yeah yeah One time as we do it like this, yeah Grand Puba, Common Sense [Common] Yeah, yeah, yeah It's all love y'all (3X) what you say? Intro/Chorus: all, Common [all]	Maybe one day we can work it out 	Strive to understand what life's about 	All it seems to be is sadness and pain 	Blood like rain clogs urban drains [Com]	When we gonna realize and make the change 	And take the blame, erase the shame 	Cause new millenium is knockin at your door 	The New World Order's what they got in store [Grand Puba] Now I can't stress this enough, life sure is rough You gotta go through a whole lotta shit Just for you to	get a little bit Born into existence where your existence is non-existant but your persistance overcomes their resistance Your daily mechanism is your defense, whether it be past or present tense, don't be dense I'm droppin this with Common Sense (true indeed) As we linger on into the darkness Poisoned by society where high-anxiety is just one variety Hatin each other is another, brotha I mean I'm really true to the shit, my spit ain't just spit My duty is to save my people from all of this shit And if I can get somethin for doin that then I'm gon' get And I won't quit My ways and action manifest in my way of thinkin I just can't stand around and do nothin while my people sinkin I told you that I stay true And I gotta do, what I can do, when I can do, so Chorus [Common] Grand Pu...I'ma do....what I gotta do....what I can do It's one for all like Brand Nu-bian, feedin the multitudes Of five loads, dead men walkin with lost souls Some say the games are strange, our ways have been tribal Since the days of Kemet, now displayed on Bennett Revolution's like a pussy, I'm tryin to stay up in it And our music is a message, though some is afraid to send it I don't know much about the New World Order; I know I Got a new daughter, direction and protection I must provide for her The moral of the story I'm building... Like ODB say, "We for the children" Nike make a killin off us, we kill each other, it kills me to see that You take a life for gold, nigga did you really need that? We try to escape the mixtapes, rims and weed sack And to the new age, they say the women's gonna lead that, so Chorus [Pub]	Oh say it ain't so [Com]	It ain't so [Pub]	My peoples at a all time low [Com]	Double oh Pu' [Pub]	Nowadays we doin anything for dough [Com]	For the dough doe [Pub]	Don't you know that knowledge is the note [Com]	What? [Pub]	Know the ledge, don't hit the edge 	The negativity pulls us down like gravity [Com]	Yup [Pub]	Devilish ways and actions poisons us like a cavity [Com]	Yessir [Pub]	As we send this one throughout our whole proximity [all]	Grand Pu' and Common strive to come together [Common] In this era of prepaid calling cards I roll with squads called the Gods Ignorance is at large, struggles in our backyard I slapbox with life and see we wasn't that hard Long as you got God, even got Gramps off lah It's stray lies and bullets directed, to lead the village of lies disconnected like ghetto phones Fuck a search through a magazine for Better Homes It ain't gonna happen Til the devil's gone with the breeze  and niggas get off they knees so... Chorus The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Brand Nubian f/ Busta Rhymes Album: Foundation Song: Let's Dance Typed by: davpaul@dove.net.au Intro: Busta Rhymes Brand Nubian '98, hot shit for your ass Get up everybody, make your ass move fast Check it out, like this, check it out Let's dance, I know you got the feeling Let's dance, come on and get down *repeat x3* Verse One: Grand Puba One time for your mind and it just don't stop (Hah) Chickens flock, I hit you wit dat knock (Hah) I be the Grand Royal makin it hot, flame broiled (What? What?) To this I stay loyal while your style goes spoiled (Huh) One of a kind, I'm like a diamond in the mine (Hah) Brush of the dirt and watch the Haji God shine Mama Pu, Mama Pa, Mama Grand Puba (Hah hah) Alamo, Dotty X and the Lord Jamar (Woooooo, hah) We wanna party (huh), fiesta (Wooooo) together (hah), forever (huh) Say word, son, a nigga flow like Chandon Champion, been in more cooties than a tampon (hah) Grand Puba Nubian co-workers (Hah) specialise in music, these cats'll never lose it (Huh) Time for some action for your satisfaction (Hah) Stackin Benji Jacksons without no procastinatin Chorus: Busta Rhymes, (Rebbie Jackson) Let's dance, I know you got the feeling	(Brand Nubian makes the party, hot) Let's dance, come on and get down Let's dance, I know you got the feeling	(This jam is all for you) Let's dance, come on and get down Let's dance, I know you got the feeling	(It's the energy that's hot) Let's dance, come on and get down Let's dance, I know you got the feeling	(My body's all for you) Let's dance, come on and get down Verse Two: Sadat X Here's a simple joint that a baby could follow I had wrote some twisted shit that niggas just couldn't follow Love Vivica, Nia, Pam and Tamia Soul Food with the cornbread, greens and head (Hah) I'm off-ramp while y'all camp under a street lamp (Huh) I got a stamp from back then, remember when you was ten But now you're burstin, enough to make me u-turn on Lennox Watch your mouth, this a grown man with the grown plan (Hah) And a swift hand on the witness stand before the grand, I can't go out on my man I know nothing of the sort, never seen a transport (Hah) Wax built thors and cats who open doors (Huh) Can get it in their paws when I release my youth Down with Jamar, he's in the B-K, Haji in the Rule Known Alamo since birth, young boys we went to school Family planner, I can't forget my daughter in Atlanta (What?) Chorus Verse Three: Lord Jamar Yeah Light-skinned, understandin see with brown eyes (hah) Seen me in the van, the streets of Crown Heights (Huh) Wit weed in my hand, runnin lights (Uhh) In need of a grand to put down on a fight (Yeah) See me and the Brand Nubians keep it tight Flew me in to do a show in the middle of the night If we don't get our dough then you know we're gonna fight Keepin niggas on their toes cos our flows be right (Word up) I used to bag hoes on sight now it turns me off when their clothes be tight, I'm on the road of the right (Uhh uhh) and just, when I was 15, I used to smoke dust Now I strive to stay pristine and free from lust Watch the 3 bust, I be the Black G-zus (Hah) Attack any man who plan to freeze us Your hand should be up, my man's be tree'd up (huh) in a land that the black man needs to free up! Chorus: Busta Rhymes, (Rebbie Jackson) Everybody let's dance, I know you got the feeling 			(Brand Nubian makes the party, hot) Let's dance, come on and get down Let's dance, I know you got the feeling	(This jam is all for you) Let's dance, come on and get down Let's dance, I know you got the feeling	(It's the energy that's hot) Let's dance, come on and get down Let's dance, I know you got the feeling	(My body's all for you) Let's dance, come on and get down Outro: Busta Rhymes Hah yeah, Brand Nu's Busta Rhymes, all in a 12 jewel Break fool, nigga, no go to school One down, fuck ya head up One shot, bounce nigga bounce to this Just bounce to this, just bounce nigga bounce nigga bounce to this The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Brand Nubian f/ Loon (Harlem World) Album: Foundation Song: Back Up Off the Wall Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash {with help from liner notes} No, Flagro Uh, what!! Yeah, Brand Nu' comin' through Long Island, Harlem World, all out, all out Let's talk abou tit What, yeah, now put ya hands up Uh, what, now put ya hands up Put ya hands up Now get ya back up off the wall [Sadat X] I'm better feeling than running raw Chain gang link I need a shrink What y'all niggaz think I'ma do when I get real money Iano keys played in series Peace to Lil' Cease Microphone track board, loose chord, oh Lord Promo number one Sadat X had a grenade And the have next day I smashed the shit Allie played Now we delayed by ninety days You better find me anyways You better return to the Terrordome, ain't nobody home Non-haters play the corner in the elevator Crash crews smack the open palm so you don't bruise You push a button and what happens nothing I push one and there's a man with a gun in the doorway I'm in 4A, I been in there all day I had some smokes, some bitches and chicken on a slab There's enough for everybody so y'all niggaz don't grab Chorus: Loon Come on, come on, come on, yo So get your back up off the wall What, I said dance, come on, come on So put your hands up Stop frontin and pop somethin Cornball niggaz stay frontin ain't got nothin Mad cause the life I lead, twice ya speed Brown-skinned mami, that's the wife I need Light that weed, front nigga might just bleed Tryin to ball with y'all but I might just flee [Lord Jamar] The second coming of Christ I'll make you run for your life It's like a gun up against a knife You can never win, when we fight to the end I'm tight with the pen Don't be going off the head, cause they be blown off the head And showin off the skills of the mentally dead I do the knowledge before any words get said Herbs get me red, hold on, Simply Red Pimps be dead in rap, everybody's fed with that Y'all could go ahead with that I'm trying to show you where my head is at Dread be the positive black Drop the B, you get lack See you when you get back Lyrical three-pack, spiritual miracle Uhh, Lord Jamar the imperial Microphone serial killer, urban guerilla You acting mysterious, we out to take this rap shit seriosu Slap the taste out of your mouth, then break out Chorus [Grand Puba] Now I'ma put a rush up on molasses Breeze on through like easy passes Wiggle more asses than aerobic classes El kabong, my people blaze them trees up like Cheech and Chong Get that ass open like a pair of butt cheeks in thong For sure dog, I don't mean to come off pushy Blaze your party hot, and have it smelling like D'bussy Spit my phlegm and drop my gem Collect my wins and copy the Benz with the icy rims I be dramatical, mathematical, radical thriller The mic killa wreckin more shit than Godzilla Matter of fact I'm more iller, knock your shit off the pillar The four-wheeler touched every flava but vanilla You know my name, my game, so shorty shake that thang I get you open like them ball-head niggaz on Rogaine Spit my flow all the way from New Ro' to Acapulco, white poos brown like cocoa Flip flows def like so so Chorus The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Brand Nubian Album: Foundation Song: I'm Black and I'm Proud Typed by: davpaul@dove.net.au {with help from liner notes} Intro: Grand Puba Uhh, uh huh, yeah, yeah, yeah Uh huh, come on, check it out, check it out, what? Brand Nubian  "I'm black and I'm proud" Uh, like that, like that, what? "Say it loud" "I'm black and I'm proud" Come on, come on, come on, come on "Say it loud" Verse One: Sadat X We made men in this world, digging for bones The untraceable ones come with no clones 100 years from now y'all can still get this bomb on the Brand Nubian dot com My name should be mentioned with the Portier, not the Gualtier although it smell good, I still get mad at Rosewood A Nubian card member since that faithful December In the 80 years, from tears to cheers, things we did should be listed in a pyramid, studied by a little kid Talked about by old jacks with slacks Can I move the black is my first and foremost Can I get a little land for me and mine? Grow vegetables, maybe make a little wine Build with the Gods and the bright sunshine Before we save others we gotta save our own kind Chorus: *variations with Jamar and Puba's shoutouts* "I'm black and I'm proud" "Say it loud" "I'm black and I'm proud" "Say it loud" "I'm black and I'm proud" "Say it loud" "I'm black and I'm proud" "Say it loud" Verse Two: Lord Jamar Now did you know it was you who was first to walk the Earth Gave birth to the Universe, uh Afflicted with the curse of the slave Predicted to inherit the earth in the last days Now as we take you home, what we make our own It's written in stone like Commandments Read them every now and then or when you get the chance Catch a glance through the power lens, see if you could see us advance G-O-D in the dance, reporting freelance Fought for a chance, got you hanging by the seat of your pants Our immediate stance when we came to the game was completely advanced so no one sounds the same 7 and one-half ounces of brain When we around make sure you bow down to the king Brand Nubian style is how we do our thing So if you feel good, real good scream it out loud if you black and you proud Chorus Verse Three: Grand Puba Feel me now, check my style A brother's resume run longer than the Nile Justice cipher born to teach man, woman and child in the land of the lost where my people went foul Do the knowledge, black, look at the way that we act Smoking crack or each other with the gat The only race of people who kill self like that I deal with actual facts to keep my mind on track I love y'all that's why I say these things Watch me transform chickenheads to queens Rhymes full of protein like rice and beans Brand Nubian cats here to change all that The maker, the owner, the cream of the Earth Proud to be black because the black man's first My flow frequency is at a million megahertz So when I spit my verbals I'm heard around the Universe (Yeah, yeah, yeah) So don't front, say it loud, I'm black and I'm proud Chorus The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Brand Nubian Album: Foundation Song: Sincerely Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Yeah, black woman [Grand Puba] This one goes out to all the black woman across the whole planet Earth, givin our black nation birth Nothin in this universe is worth your worth So we dedicate this song, black woman [Lord Jamar] This one is for every woman I was ever with The ones that I cared about and ones I just wanted to hit I feel ashamed for all the times that I called you a bitch And I, know I was wrong, can you ever forgive? The negative, we used to use sex as a sedative I abused your respect for me I would choose to react disrespectfully Never thinkin the impact would come back to me Now I'm the son, and I know you're my reflection Let me give you love and my protection Proper education Allah's correction Eternal lies, within your eyes I hope you realize that I apologize, for all the lies I never meant to make you cry - all the mistakes that I may have made, and games that I played Been put to an end, black women 	Let me take this time, to let you know 	You've been on my mind, and even though 	I always haven't been kind 	I wanna show you that you really divine, sincerely 	(repeat 2X) [Grand Puba] Now she's the most beautifullest thing in creation She give me motivation causin constant elevation Seein more than booty used in lustful situations So feel the vibrations, she's the mother of our nation Now for oh so long you stood by us so strong even when we done wrong, so I dedicate this song More priceless than a worldly treasure, you bring love joy pleasure, countless things that are unmeasured Some raise seeds all alone with no father in the home but they still find the strength to continue on I see you more than a crackhead or a chickenhead or just a piece of somethin I'm tryin to get up in my bed You often say a lot of times we demean Sometimes we do to lift the hardhead ones up to queens Our whole purpose is to give a proper surface cause the black woman always is a queen 	Let me take this time, to let you know 	You've been on my mind, and even though 	I always haven't been kind 	I wanna show you that you really divine, sincerely 	(repeat 2X) [Sadat X] My fondest thoughts and memories go out witchu And I'm sorry for that time that I hit you The finest lights you radiate, you lookin bright And that's why I love you with the chocolate skin Finer things were never made in this world There you are lookin like somethin worth somethin Make me feel pride when you walk with me Sit down and talk with me, for a minute It's kinda hard for me not to stray But I think I'm gonna start today Hey I'm tryin, at least I ain't lyin (Like that frontin ass, you know what I'm sayin?) Send a rose to your wife, she probably saved your life Put up with cheatin and she mighta got beaten You can't build a _Foundation_ based on lies and deceit I'm tryin to be right, I want my cypher complete 	Let me take this time, to let you know 	You've been on my mind, and even though 	I always haven't been kind 	I wanna show you that you really divine, sincerely 	(repeat 2X) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Brand Nubian Album: Foundation Song: Probable Cause Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Grand Puba] Uhh.. yeah.. then they say Probable cause (uh-huh) probable cause (yeah) You don't have to break no laws They say probable cause (probable cause) Probable cause (yeah) probable cause You don't have to break no laws They say probable cause (word) Now who's this nigga in the 4.6? About twenty to five, got a truck full of chicks Just leavin the disco, me and my man from the Knicks Oak Dog, later on because they live in the Bricks Jumped on the George Washington and Now Jeru' turnpike Head feelin right from a long-ass night Whoa, I see Jake, so I let off the gas So I was doin fifty-five when I passed his ass I looked over, caught the shine from the rim of the Rover You know his next move (*police siren*) pull it over I pulls over to the right-hand shoulder Look through the rearview he got his hand on his holster He had this look, "How this black nigga get this car?" You know these cracker state troopers don't know rap stars He asked me for license and my registration Seen my New York tags and he asked me my destination I said, "Vacation," handed him my registration Papers were straight so I didn't wet the situation Got my shit back, and that was that, but that wasn't that Cause in fact, I got stopped two more times black Probable cause (uh-huh) probable cause (yeah) You don't have to break no laws They say probable cause Probable cause (uh) probable cause You don't have to break no laws They say probable cause Probable cause (yeah) probable cause You don't have to break no laws They say probable cause (say what) Probable cause (uh) probable cause You don't have to break no laws They say probable cause [Sadat X] It feel like my hands, stay tied cause New York state, and they child care rate Miss Judge Lady in a courtroom can dictate A fee for me, to pay monthly Even suggested, that I be arrested, they don't count the time invested or the bond beyond the money They'll hit you with arrears, bad enough to bring tears They been on my back for years, fuckin with my license And everytime I'm stopped by Dick I see the Booking That making me violent in this wilderness land Now can we talk for a minute? Cause we both made this child Can we leave support alone, please take me offa that file Cause everytime I see the court my blood pressure rise And the heart attack is a killer of black guys, I stay civilized Maintain, sometime restrain myself A court officer is near me, but I think he fear me, cause it's [Grand Puba] Probable cause (uh-huh) probable cause You don't have to break no laws They just say probable cause Probable cause (yeah) probable cause You don't have to break no laws They say probable cause (word up) Probable cause, probable cause You don't have to break no laws They say probable cause (true indeed God) Probable cause (yeah) probable cause You don't have to break no laws They say probable cause [Lord Jamar] Yo, on October 22nd we wore black for all my niggaz Po-Po shot in the back Robocops with the crack, they'll never get props from the black folks, lock us up while they crack jokes and stack notes, when we payin the bail Knowin damn well a nigga's gonna stay in the jail It's all made for us to fail, the dog is smarter than the tail, but if the tail was smarter it would Wag the Dog I can't wait til we bag the hogg New York State of Mind doesn't mind, murderin my kind We even got our own converting across the line He turned swine, guess his ass'll learn when he burn They say "Protect and to Serve" and never give the people the respect they deserve, as if they wasn't equal These is man-made laws, selectively applied All they need is probable cause for me to fry [Grand Puba] Probable cause (uh-huh) probable cause You don't have to break no laws They just say probable cause (yeah yeah yeah) Probable cause, probable cause You don't have to break no laws They say probable cause Probable cause, probable cause You don't have to break no laws They say probable cause (uh-huh) Probable cause, probable cause You don't have to break no laws They say probable cause (yeah, yeah) [?? Alamo ??] I ain't do shit! Jakes lock a nigga with a weed clip Couldn't believe it when he took me in Threw me and my man up in the van, a seven hour stand ridin around watchin them arouse the black man I had the afghan I just copped from the record shop Took it up the block my usual spot, when I rolled the L, I never expected to go to jail I wish they'd all go to hell Now Guiliani wanna talk about the "Quality of Life" Think he got the right to follow me at night with no probable cause, other than my skin is black like yours Now they got me in the beast, sittin right in his jaws Up in Central Booking, yo people looking knowing that I'm in the rap game, and I got trapped the same way they did You know these motherfuckers don't play kid A little smoke caught me for a three day bid, cause it's [Grand Puba] Probable cause (uh-huh) probable cause You don't have to break no laws They just say probable cause (yeah yeah yeah) Probable cause, probable cause You don't have to break no laws They say probable cause Probable cause, probable cause You don't have to break no laws They say probable cause (uh-huh) Probable cause, probable cause You don't have to break no laws They say probable cause (yeah, yeah) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Brand Nubian Album: Foundation Song: Love vs. Hate Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Grand Puba] Uhh.. Now it's love, vs. hate Time for my people to eliminate that hate, let's love Because it's our people that we're thinking of Now they say we playa hatin cause we hate the black on black And the fact we can't stand when we act like that Self-hate killin us more than the Po-Po or crack I tell my peoples with the gats it ain't about all that We arrived on slave ships, tortured chained and whipped Four hundred years of bein slaves in the land of the brave Have we forgotten? Our ancestors forced to pick cotton Women raped and tortured, murdered if they caught ya Niggaz swung from trees like a breeze do summer leaves Swayin back and forth, failed attempts to make it North Millions of people died just so that we can survive So this knowledge I provide cause these facts can't be denied Nowadays it's new ways, sixties it was the smack Eighties it was the crack, nineties it be the gat Time to recognize how uncivilized we got Get wise and unify and not fall victim to the plot Cause it's love, vs. hate Time for my people to eliminate that hate, let's love Because it's our people that we're thinking of It's love, vs. hate It's time for my people to eliminate that hate, let's love Because it's our people that we thinking of [Lord Jamar] Uh, when will we make our Exodus? When will the guns bust the other way instead of at the brother next to us? That's all that they expect from us, police stand by Don't believe the lie that they're the ones protectin us Projects, to see how poverty's affectin us Robberies, we lust objects of high quality or so we think we slowly sink into the quicksand With no support, like a bike that doesn't have a kickstand We stay in court, smoke Newport's, and fail to support our seeds, with no thoughts for they needs We fought for the cheese and all it got us was a grave or a bid as a slave, we live in the land of the brave where the home isn't free, grown niggaz be in a zone, tryin to act out the TV We cracked out and greedy with a lack of respect It's time to come correct, it's time to come correct [Grand Puba] Cause it's love, vs. hate Time for my people to eliminate that hate, let's love Because it's my people that I'm thinking of It's love, vs. hate Time for my people to eliminate that hate, let's love Because it's our people that we thinking of [Sadat X] Sally, been gettin beat for years Husband come home high off of weed and beers He frustrated cause his job is low rate Low money, plus his wife brother act kinda funny My nosey neighbor always makin it her labor to cause controversy, I seen them out in Jersey The teacher say my son show aggression I tell her it's in our lesson, for him to know himself To me the greatest wealth is the best of health When the music stops, I'll play the role like my pops and his pops and so on I got a legacy to go on I'll watch out for my babies and I'll kill for em And if they wanna receive the knowledge then I'll build for em Now if it's love vs. hate, then what's your fate? What we showin with the money we blown? Shit is still chaos, ain't a damn thing sewn [Grand Puba] Cause it's love, vs. hate Time for my people to eliminate that hate, let's love Because it's our people that we thinking of It's love, vs. hate Time for my people to eliminate that hate, let's love Because it's our people that we thinking of The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Brand Nubian Album: Foundation Song: Too Late Typed by: davpaul@dove.net.au Intro/Chorus: Shelene Too late, too late baby, bye-bye I'll be there tonight You'll get left behind Now's my time to shine Verse One: Grand Puba Now I got the best birthday present when my ass born It was my mama, old dad plant the seed like a farmer Life was kind of hard livin in hell's backyard Didin't have a job, honey fronted on the GOD Shorty racing, only hollering at cats who be lacin She had some shit with her, she was caught up in the glitter "Brother come see me when you get five digits bigger" Oh that's the way you tryin to doo-doo on a nigga She likes the lavish, no time for a brother livin average Play the knees for the cheese like a savage Now she lost and turned out, rotten teeth in her mouth cos she ran the wrong route Shorty 'member me, now I'm seven digits bigger Platinum artist status, mad cheese from Hilfiger Now ya feelin me because you're smoked out and high but too late baby, bye-bye Chorus Verse Two: Lord Jamar I wish you could have been there when I had my first fight The other kid said he was gonna get his father I didn't bother to respond cos I knew that you was gone Forced to carry on and teach myself right from wrong As far back as I can remember you was never around In September it was back to school The eldest member of my family so I packed the tool It made a nigga feel manly when I smacked a fool with it, could've schooled me on pussy before I hit it Or took me to a park with a ball and said "Hit it" But we was all left in the dark, accepting the parts of you we was able to get, affectin my heart Nowadays you expecting to start, anew when I lived my whole life apart from you Too late you better check the due date See there's no explanation for the expiration Chorus Bridge: Sherene It's too late, bye-bye Oh bye-bye-bye-bye-bye-byeeee, yeah It's too late, bye-bye, oh babe Bye-bye-bye-bye-byeeee-bye-bye Bye-bye-bye-bye-byeeeee Verse Three: Sadat X Niggas disrespect my crib droppin ashes on the floor Another half of beer I'm findin behind the chair Let you meal like you wish but you can't even wash a dish but you love to eat and rest them stink ass feet And blow up my telephone line like you was home Seen a nigga make five quick calls to the dome Ride around all day, 'Dro-ed or hash I ain't never heard once "Can I help you with gas?" I ain't never heard "X, can I buy you a meal?" But if we going downtown niggas is ready to wheel Now if you broke you broke, you got five dollars, give me one Cos most likely I'll give it back before the day is done If I'm spendin and bending, you should do it pendin That day when you break out and finally get your cake But I don't let that stress me cos life is but a test, B And every waken day, I'ma stay okay Chorus to fade The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Brand Nubian Album: Foundation Song: Straight Outta Now Rule Typed by: davpaul@dove.net.au Intro/Chorus: Lord Jamar, Grand Puba Straight outta Now Rule, Brand Nu keepin cool We drop a jewel and never stoppin what we do 	Always do what we must, everything that we touch 	is going platinum plus, comin thru in a clutch *repeat* Verse One: Lord Jamar, Grand Puba A lot of y'all niggas is 85th, on some shady shit Bark is much worse than your bite like a baby pit In the pitch dark of the night you's afraid to get exposed like the sunlight which rose in the morning Froze in a gunfight, forcing those who run with you to reevaluate affiliations We salivate from hunger, placed in fucked up situations and wonder when retaliation will occur Build destroy H-he or her It's time to fill the void, niggas kill the noise To the young boys, you fuckin with a grown-ass man Watch your tone or get acquainted with the back of my hand Nubian Brand steadily influencin fans For other rappers we gon' ruin your plans What we doin stands as a motto Like Grace Jones' nipple to the bottle We pioneer and never follow We're out for the lion's share now watch me take it there Yeah, my verbal clarity speaks for my popularity Sell 5 million CDs and give the proceeds to my favorite charity Son, I ain't gonna super splash you with no Fantasy Island shit I mean I work hard for what I got and I be thankful for what I get And if you practice, spit your verbs properly, not sloppily Like monopoly, you can end up with cheese, whips and property Oh damn, silly of me, I forgot to let y'all know it's one thing you should never do in this game and that's sell your soul I make a lot of sense then I go and make the dollars Work hard like blue collars, ghetto scholars is hard to follow Niggas say it's real rough today and I say what you say They promised me 40 acres and a mule and all I got was a project and a subway I stay positive, niggas mistake that for not hard Nigga I'm GOD, walk thru North America like Master Farrad Me and my squad, separating the peas from the pod No bodyguard, fuck around and roll a tank thru your yard Chorus Verse Two: Sadat X Yeah Man, these dick-in-the-butt rappers could get shot in the face Dragged thru the streets and probably left some place I seem shootouts in the park Ball games turned tragic, bitch niggas gettin smacked and smacked again in front of they girl, and she's throwing away that ass And I ain't really asked for it cos a lot of niggas tore it And yes, my man Hav had bought me something from VA I was gonna hit him with doe but he ain't reall want no shorts Cos we had worked together and he knew I was true blue Man, I swore I would never go to VA again until I found out who killed my best friend I can tell by the wind somebody's gettin ready to bend They lifestyle's bout to end I'm in these African cabs on stores run by the Arabs with pictures of yen, seem like they schemin Herculoid cats get flattened and reduced to pitchin That girl gave you crabs but I can't explain those scabs [Grand Puba] Ha ha, where we at? Flash one-time Chorus (x2) Ha, '98, too soon Brand Nubian, what? The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Brand Nubian Album: Foundation Song: Foundation Typed by: davpaul@dove.net.au {with help from liner notes} Intro: Grand Puba Brand Nubian baby, here to flip it again And you know it don't stop until the party ends So get your hands up high, if you feel me reply Cos you know these brothers here we keep it extra tight Verse One: Lord Jamar Look, listen and observe, it took precision to connect The words of dialect within a rhythm you never heard Forbidden fruit, take a bite, you could lose your life like how they crucified Christ Musa's hair was white Lord Jamar, Sadat X and Puba's here tonight We got next on the court, I don't know what you thought This flow can't be bought, only sold in exchange for platinum ang gold, you've been told, open up the manifold Only to reveal scrolls and scrolls Premeditated to be dedicated to lost souls Properly educated, never sloppily operated Playing the beats for all my people incarcerated We stay in the streets and find new ways to eat Crime wave, I remember wetting my feet in my blind days, now these niggas getting they heat from under they seat, I wonder when the guns'll deplete Chorus: Grand Puba Brand Nubian brothers here to flip it again And you know we don't stop until your party ends So get your hands up high, if you feel me reply Cos you know these brothers here, we keep it extra tight The Foundation, as we hitcha with a Brand Nu creation New millennium we don't mess around Do the knowledge as we blaze the situation, so just feel me now Verse Two: Sadat X I'm in a rush, who got the keys to my truck? Who am I? I just might be a spy I drop a tear at the sight of the blue NY I'm a threat just like Garnette Pick a player out my set like Marbury Serve me sherry with a cherry I always eat what you think I ain't got no shoes on my feet, I'm from down the street, huh Now cats ride around New York with the slick hot rods Some late model usually pushing full throttle Hanging illegal U's and staying with the gleaming shoes Riding one deep but back to back to back Fuck a buzz, it's gonna happen just because Sure I was with her was, but I don't know what she does Big dimes hit me everytime like it's a crime My prime will steadily climb Yeah, I can't release nothing to y'all before it's time Chorus Verse Three: Grand Puba Now my verbal illustration graphic more than Playstation Microphone occupation operation save the nation Black crusader, persuader, educator Knowledge detonator none greater  Leave haters stuck like a project elevator Always jammin it airtight like a laminate You can't contaminate it Go-getters we be superb like Justin's catfish fritters Now I got 2000 flows, only 4 less than all of my hoes (*Hey!*) Oops I mean my bro's but I'm just keeping y'all on your toes Excitement for your enlightenment, spitting novels, getting bravos Tear it up like El Nino, keeping it hotter than jalapenos Microphone holder doing more damage than rolling boulders Rhyme style should've fooled ya, knocked your head right off your shoulders See my intention, black-on-black prevention, break the tension Teach the seeds, tell them what they need and then collect my pension Brand Nubian, baby, born more flows than a test tube valve Your radio ain't really on if Brand Nubian ain't on your dial Outro: Grand Puba Yeah, as we do it like this 2000, Brand Nubian comin atcha one time New millennium style The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Brand Nubian Album: Foundation Song: U For Me Typed by: davpaul@dove.net.au Yeah, yeah yeah yeah, yeah yeah, uh-huh Chorus: U for me (U for me) And me for you (Me for you) One for all (One for all) That's the way we do (That's the way we do) U for me (U for me) And me for you (That's right) One for all (One for all) That's the way we do (That's the way we do) Verse One: Grand Puba Yeah I keep truer, sidestep MC's like manure Play the corner like a sewer, keep it milky like Kahlua Ya heard my shit be off the optimately optimate Once a nigga begin to spit, get ya high like trees and shit That's it, then I push it uptown to the Bush Yeah I moosh, watch me hook it off like a Nike swoosh My conglomerates reign dominance with prominence Son, a lot of niggas thought I was done but I only just begun Can y'all feel me because we feel y'all can Smoke the tree right off the tims, long live Brand Nubian My rhyme flow be imported, got so many different styles my shit is assorted Never distorted, wanna catch my flow, better camcord it I'm a take you there, believe me yo See I'm here like welfare, got so many niggas livin my nickname should be "Air" You for me, me for you, that's how we do, 99-to-two-thou Brand Nu Chorus: U for me (Uhuh) Me for you (Me for you) One for all (One for all now) That's the way we do (That's just the way we do) U for me (That's you for me) Me for you (Uhuh) One for all (One for all) That's the way we do (That's just the way we do) Verse Two: Lord Jamar Yeah, we engage the enemy, arrange the assembly Flip thru the pages of time, do you remember me? Thru the ages I existed only as a memory Some of me exists inside your biochemistry I be the slave that always misbehave, runnin for days The North Star help me find my way I ain't got no time to play, I'm trying to get away Bloodhounds tryin to track me down, tryin to bring me back to town If they catch me they just might ax me Won't arraign me, they probably hang me But it's freedom or death, exert speed til my last breath Can't half step, Whitey's on my trail I'm ridin on the underground rail, hidin from the face that's pale Me and Harriet, Swing Low Sweet Chariot and take me home They wanna break my bones and take me where they keep the tombstones Chorus: U for me (That's you for me) Me for you (and that's me for you) One for all (One for all baby) That's the way we do (That's just the way that we do) U for me (Brand Nu, Brand Nu) Me for you (Me for you, huh) One for all (One for all) That's the way we do (That's the way we do) Verse Three: Sadat X Let me find out, y'all tryin to dine out without me there It can't happen, why is ya still yappin? I'm known by college grads and then by anyone who all knighted Why you so excited? You scarin chicks and grabbin em Talkin bout cabbin off the bat Relax nigga, you here with me, we don't get down like that I keep 13 with one in the ass, you Catholic mass Nobody wants to die and be a mural on the wall I'm the apostle y'all, I'm like Samuel L.L. But I'll swing by you like Eve with a gun in my sleeve Weed spots is like my need spots, let freedom ring Sadat X Luther King I wanna 1000 from the housing, don't know how much the club allows in but I told the bouncer, I said "Yo that's not my fault there's no need for assault", push and hit the asphalt Now I'm a peaceful man, would you do for me, or is it...... Chorus: U for me (Is it in like that?) Me for you (Fo' sho', here we go) One for all (I said it's one for all) That's the way we do (That's the way that we do) U for me (U for me, u for me y'all) Me for you (Fo' sho', I'm for you, dogg) One for all (One for all) That's the way we do (That's the way we do) U for me (Brand Nubian huh) Me for you ('98-'99) One for all (Touche, here we go) That's the way we do (And that's the way, that's the way, that's the way) U for me (Yeah sho' nuff) Me for you (Uhuh, keep it goin) One for all (One for all baby) That's the way we do (That's the way we do, that's the way we do) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Brand Nubian Album: Fire in the Hole Song: Who Wanna Be a Star? (It's Brand Nu Baby) Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Chorus: Sadat X] Who wanna be a star? Be out late night under the moon Got a plan to get dough and be rich by June And all the broads, sexual, yeah ultimate head But, over one chick I seen two niggaz dead Who's God? Know theyself and still know math And be that same bad nigga that's hawkin on the ave It's Brand Nu baby, it's Brand Nu It's Brand Nu baby, it's Brand Nu [Lord Jamar] Uhhh, Lord Jamar, rap caviar Guitar loop in a Jaguar Coupe Combat boots, fatigue suit, niggaz that's ready to shoot and "Ready to Die" like Biggie Smalls We can drop our drawers, see who got the bigger balls The way I act'll be forever called a nigga y'all Tattoos on my arms and neck, bomb the set If you havin trouble payin me, pawn the baguettes Cause I be comin armed with, more than a threat All my LG niggaz, why don't y'all tell these niggaz Treat 'em like paper trees and fell these niggaz Now it's all I can do not to smell these niggaz These Brooklyn blocks is lookin hot These motherfuckin cops, is tryin to put me in they cookin pot But the shit it ain't gon' never stop Forever playin the block, if you like it or not [Sadat X] At the bassline I blow your mind at the top When the melody drop - I'm still here It's psycho Western what happened on Creston A-V-E Bronx community, one-eight-three Who is the summer heat for winter leather Rims, rings, neck look gleamy bitch eyes look steamy She said she been smokin outdoor all day Let my find out my Bronx niggaz hit you I'll be up when it's {?} When the sun go down, I lose round on the ground One stuck in your crown, whoever zoos rendezvous with they crews, these drawers rip for free And if I can't touch, then I got to pop the clutch Non-touchin broad is a fraud She prayed to the Lord and get fucked in a Ford And she a bad bitch, daddy rich, cousin used to pitch Faggot-ass brother gotta switch [Grand Puba] Uhh, now from way back when, when you gettin up goin to work I'm just gettin in, smellin like a pint of gin Up in the rathole, where ghetto bitches sellin they souls Cause it's after 4 and all the discoes is closed Nigga I'm up when you up, and I'm up when you sleep Bouncin around in the black dirty offroad Jeep Wakin people up tryin to sleep Cause like the first time, this time, we makin the beats The undeniable, satisfiable, reliable, Brand Nubian Now you know we come with the bomb So hi-tech, see us on your DVD-ROM Get love from little kids like a Pokemon Everytime we spit that shit it be our word is bond See I been down in the trenches where projects hazard Where them visions of wire fences and dopefiends ran the yard I ain't the sixth sense, I'm the 7th sense [Chorus] - 2X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Brand Nubian Album: Fire in the Hole Song: Young Son Typed by: matthewmidkiff@hotmail.com [chorus] young young son, yea, dont let me down young son, uh huh, am trusting you young son, uh, dont let me down young son, uh huh, am trusting you young son, young son, dont let be down young son, uh huh, am truting you young son, uh, dont let me down young son am trusting you young son [Puba] Now don't get caught up by the corner You know these blocks be hotter than a sauna (young son) Don't let them peers put the pressure on ya And when you make moves, make moves cause you wanna (young son) Don't get caught up on some monkey-see, monkey-do Stay focused, and understand the thug in you (young son) And just handle your business And always be persistent, like Jehovah's Witness (young son) and never take no for a answer unless it be a chick cause you could end up in some shit (young son) like some bull shit they hit Kobe with you dont want to be a baby daddy better rubber it (young son) see am just telling you what I know dont let haters mess with your flow dont be stupid and trick your dough and always be careful of them shiesty hoes (young son) yea [chorus - 5X] young son don't let me down young son am trusting you young son [Jamar] I need you to hold the fort down I ain't liking how this judge in court sound I might have to spend time away from the fam And if I do then I'm a need you to act like a man (young son) This is no time for tears It's time for you to man up, time to face your fears Looks like your old dad might face some years Don't allow the family name to be disgraced and smeared (young son) Protect your mother and little sister If anybody diss them become the pain inflictor So much responsibility I hope you can handle it Here take this 9 mill son I hope you can handle it (young son) You're my only hope for the future And knowing you can do it gives me hope for the future Son I trust you this is something that you must do Till they release me from these walls or I bust through (young son) [chorus - 5X] young son dont let me down young son am trusting you young son [Sadat] One young son, he want to get a scholarship The other want to get a whip from the car dealership Chips off the old' block is what pop will say One's on the court, one's in court all day A mother's heart smiles and it grieves at once She cries at home, but in the public she fronts 'Where did we fail? How did we prevail? From the diploma ceremony to the jail it's a journey One wants to beef one one needs a attorney Two separate from life there heart beats as one They came in to this world together as twins And as long as the world spins they'll be joining You could say one was annoying the other disappointed But they still love each other they should there brothers Son get your brother out of jail Because with a little bit of love he can heel (young son) [chorus - 5X] young son dont let me down young son am trusting you young son (s*cratching*) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Brand Nubian f/ Starr Album: Fire in the Hole Song: Where Are You Now? Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Sadat X] Explain the women that I keep Goin through my house and shit when I'm asleep We bang heads a lot, we bang beds a lot You ask questions a lot, and try to trip me up But I ain't never been the one that's tryin to bend And no it wasn't me that was seen by your friends She thinks she saw me, makin shit stormy Most in my path'll probably say they love me Say they thinkin of me but they can't be with me It's no hate, one was even tryin to wait So for her I tried to run my shit straight Did I want to set the date, I said let's leave it by fate, and then she skate The world ain't shit and everything ain't great Whoever in this trade done swayed into the cons of they sexual liasons and past dealings Smashed the four wheel and stay forever concealed [Chorus: Starr] Where are you now, that, I need you, with me Where are you now, that, the chips, are down Where are you now, I'm, sad, and, lonely Now that I need you girl, you're, not around [Grand Puba] It seem like 85% of most bitches more concerned about niggaz with riches but uncapable of washin the dishes Attitude always suspicious, she fulfill your every wishes And she dig the way you got up in them britches Always expressin her undyin love for a thug Now who said you can't find romance in a nightclub Now you bugged, backrubs in the hot tub got you believin that this pigeon ain't thinkin dubs Damn, she like game airtight, but you know the rule when you bag a joint and twist it on the first night (uh-huh) That shit's a might if the ass is alright If that shit ain't really tight, she probably did the same thing last night 'Long as the paper pilin, then she smilin Ain't thinkin 'bout whylin, you takin her to different islands But let your paper fall short, Cristal turn to cork Then you turn around and ask that bitch for support [Lord Jamar] Uh, uh, yo When a nigga had money you was there; funny how everytime I turned around, you was there When it was time for you to get your hair (uh) your nails and your gear But at my court date, you failed to appear Fought my case on appeals, it took over a year And in that time, a nigga didn't see nor hear Got to the point there was no respect at all I was shocked when you did not collect my call Spent nights in my cell just beatin my dick Thinkin 'bout, how we used to fuck and shit I took you out, bought your ass a bunch of shit When I get out, I'm gonna fuckin punch this bitch Right then I'm out, cause she don't understand the rules You don't bite the man that dipped your hand in jewels You were there when I bought the rock to blind you Now a nigga locked and I can't find you [Chorus] - 2X [Starr] Where are you now (where where where where) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Brand Nubian Album: Fire in the Hole Song: Just Don't Learn Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Lord Jamar] We dealin with death, in abundance Dirty guns and, the pungent smell, of those who fell Bodies, like commodoties, ready to sell Take you around the world for a hundred dollars Meanwhile, a little baby hollers Hopin that she doesn't follow in her mother's footsteps of drugs and sex, every day, more thugs to arrest And today could be the day you catch a slug in your chest Funny thing about life - nobody, gets out alive The trick is to see, how long, you can survive We deprived of our basic needs Sufferin at the hands of a racist greed In the black wo-man's where I place my seed When they grow, will they know, that I tried to make it better for them? Will I be dead or inside of a federal pen? Niggaz just don't learn, niggaz just won't learn [Chorus: Lord Jamar] As we walk through the valley of dry bones Death from, New York to Cali, the shit hits homes Niggaz with 40 calibers, that'll split ya bone Other niggaz with silencers, with gats that's chrome It seems the violence only escalates, I'm concerned When the slug penetrate your flesh, see it burn Livin with the constant threat, that it could be yo' turn Niggaz just don't learn, niggaz just won't learn [Sadat X] On 8th Ave, keep bouncin in the Mave' He don't even know the type of problems he gon' have He facin obstacles, greed, it's the large city need Remember when he ain't smoke weed Jail hold's raw, spittin seed In the Polo Grounds, in 89 we dodged steed All the slaves ain't freed Make him the captain, muh'fucker we'll lead Shoot him in the chest muh'fucker will bleed Cause way he's goin he's gon' need God-speed I seen a man die, gettin shot in the eye And then leave this earth with a sigh I wish I had a dollar for every funeral parlor that I been to, and I ain't tryin to end to I've been a friend to a lot of dead niggaz With multiple gunshots, niggaz used to run spots [Grand Puba] Now little shorties don't have a chance Cause hard times be comin down like a avalanche We play the streets until we carried on a ambulance Day by day we be the victims of the circumstance See the poison has us movin at a steady flow It filters through your radio and your video You ever once stop to think and wonder why it's so? We don't know cause we blinded by the fog of 'dro, so we let it go We dedicate our whole careers to save our dyin nation Cause what we facin is the process of elimination So busy chasin that our history begins erasin A savage nation that is headin for anihilation Time out - put the killin to a drought And shorty stop runnin around puttin all them dicks in yo' mouth I be concerned cause we burn baby burn and we just don't, learn [Chorus] - 2X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Brand Nubian f/ Starr Album: Fire in the Hole Song: Still Livin' in the Ghetto Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Yeah (yeah..) Yo this goes out (this goes out..) To all the ghettos around the world (all the ghettos around the world..) If you strugglin (you strugglin..) And your surroundings are shitty (surroundings are shitty..) It's a good chance that's where you live [Chorus 2X: Starr] Still livin in the ghetto After all this time, through all the climb Still livin in the ghetto Don't let it take your mind {"raised in the ghetto singin songs called survival"} [Lord Jamar] Yo I was born here, my momma was born here Her momma was born here, my father was born here And his father was born here, and we all here, livin in fear My peers are either dead or in prison for years How many generations, get caught, in a perpetuation of poverty, robbery becomes a occupation Look around, it's pure desolation And desperation, feel the sweat, from the persperation See it's hot in hell's kitchen, a lot fell victim Everyday we in a fight, how can we beat the system? All this time got out mind conditioned We find solace in religion, Muslim or Christian We bow down on our knees and hope somebody listenin But all we promised for narcotics is a drug conviction Every day is like Russian roulette It's the next century and we ain't got shit yet y'all [Grand Puba] Uhh, when will it go away, when will there be a day That we all got paper just to throw away When will the tables turn, when will the devils burn When will the time come when seeds be the main concern A hungry man is a angry man Gotta freak some type of plan to get some {?} up in the hands See life is like a hustle and it's colder than a whore's heart But when you comin from the ghetto that's a rough start By the time you 12, you know the street life very well Stuck in hell, neighborhoods are one big holdin cell The hood life nevertheless been a good life But should life constantly consist of stress and strife They don't play us, cause they know we represent peace And they don't no peace, they want us killin with a piece Or up North with some grease, with a photograph of some peeps Just lettin us slug it out, 'til we all become deceased [Sadat X] Jean the dopefiend who keep all her cars clean And Mr. Mack who smoke cracks on the weekend That music upstairs is comin from the Puerto Ricans Arabs sellin guns in the store Nigerians pump the diesel yo, that's so raw Cornerbound Dominicans play the block in the daytime With names like Jose, Plantano, or Reyes Me and you grow or as a result stay as, a victim of block day, an hour earlier he fought with his fists now the nigga layin twisted Swirlin smoke your girl and coke and guns The Sherling coat, that you bought for you and your suns can be replaced, but you could get laced Oh they hit him in the face, it was awful, terrible for his family to see him laid like that, said he was comin right back It was fast, seen the fire, heard the blast [Chorus] - 2X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Brand Nubian Album: Fire in the Hole Song: Momma Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Grand Puba] Yeah I'd like to send this one to my favorite girl, uhh Momma momma momma Ohh momma momma momma, yeahh [Lord Jamar] Yo she was young and so tender Had a baby born Knowledge God day of September It was her first child, baby boy little bundle of joy She married Larry, for 9 months she had to carry me and she did it gladly, but sadly things didn't all work out, so she merked out Pregnant again with my brother Wise My grandmother let her in, she had tears in her eyes Now she's back at the crib, with 2 kids She gotta get a job, she put all her faith in God Naive to the world; believed all the stories she received as a girl, she had one more seed Another boy, reality, now that makes 3 All from a man that she hardly ever gets to see She did the best with the things she was blessed And I know I cause drama and stress to my momma, so I wanna just say yo.. [Chorus: Puba] + (Brand Nubian) I always loved my momma (she's my favorite girl) And I always loved my momma (she brought me in this world) See I always loved my momma (she taught me right from wrong) Cause I always loved my momma (you only get one, you only get one, yeah) [Sadat X] Past feudin, mask for age, still lookin elegant Front page, Ebony Jet Pam Grier threat in seventy-four What these bitches is wearin now, she wore before On tour she said you just stay pure I say sure Watched my sister's son and my little one make me fool When the po-lice came she said that she hardly see me I'm in the living room drinkin beer and watchin TV She say that she love me but sometimes I don't think She wish I wouldn't smoke as much and throw up when I drink I think, that it wasn't no day finer that when my pops snatched my mother up from North Carolina And my uncle snatched her sister and brought her, right behind her She like china, you won't find a heart finer The designer, I'll shoot for my moms, yes I will Shoot you in the side and let you live a spill, hehe [Grand Puba] Uh - at childhood I never really understood all your heartache and pain and how difficult it was for you to maintain To make sho' yo' seeds eat Even if we had to foodstamp it every week Always did your best to try to keep us out the street If niggaz didn't listen boy that ass got beat 'Member that time you said, "Have yo' ass upstairs by 9" But I was grown and had some other shit in mind Word is bond, 10 o'clock she came downstairs with rollers in her hair and a nightgown on But I was gone, ran through the back, cut through the laundrymat Got upstairs and still caught it with the Hot Wheel track But that was cool with me; cause at least it wasn't in front of the buildin for the whole prjects to see I remember as a kid, sometimes I used to think you used to beat me for some shit that my daddy did I realize, now I'm older and wise When you used to put it on me still had love in your eyes I remember what you used to say You might not like it now, but you'll thank me someday [Puba - over Chorus] Thanks mom, I love you For teachin me left from right For showin me the proper way [Puba] Uhh, yeah Momma momma momma - aight Ohh momma momma momma, yeah Uhh, to all the beautiful mothers, in the world today Who strive to do they best, I know it's hard sometimes But we wanna let y'all know we recognize And we love what you do, keep doin what you doin One love, Brand Nubian Peace The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Brand Nubian Album: Fire in the Hole Song: Got a Knot Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Grand Puba] Yeah.. put 'em up, put 'em up, put 'em up (Got a knot, knot up in the pocket) uhh, got a knot (Got a knot, knot up in the pocket) yeah (Got a knot, knot up in the pocket) (Got a knot, knot up in the pocket) uhh Y'all know what time it is, let's get it crackin Push up on a shorty, no slackin, just start mackin Lay yo' shit down, baby ain't no time to clown Takin Southbound but I turn around where it start gettin brown I ain't no dooty hound, shit I lay my duty down Pound for pound, Brand Nu one of the best around I put like 20 some odd years up in the projects Gourmet chef with welfare cheese before these record checks I used to steal my mom's whip, sneak up in the club Get back to the parkin lot, the next door neighbor jacked my spot Ahhhhhhh... shhhhit... ... excuse me miss you got to move your car And I took a dub before I stole {?} shit That's all I need now for her ass to really flip I'm 2 strikes and 3 quarters from a pink slip I'm glad I'm makin hits, y'all know the chorus, sing this shit (Got a knot, knot up in the pocket) yeah (Got a knot, knot up in the pocket) (Got a knot, knot up in the pocket) (Got a knot, knot up in the pocket) uhh [Sadat X] Morph into somethin terrible, my presence unbearable, parable A spittin Bronx legend like Larry Davis Make police think about it on they routine tours Through the war's lifestyle, hell scene, shells and void sales Avoid bails, avoid jails, I'm four-eyed Who's ridin who inside? Who say they know me I give great, atmosphere, like a open bar You got to scratch and claw, you tryin to match the star Hit me on my cellular, six for my dick My man is on the phone cryin over some chick, yo call me back My exact measure make the world my treasure And since we only live once the world's my pleasure, who want booze? Broads, dice game and cards Houses with yards, feel the blast from the glass shards Who got colored bags, who got colored rags, straight brims for ya block Be from {?} in pairs I move these crabs out my life like they musical chairs (Got a knot, knot up in the pocket) yeah (Got a knot, knot up in the pocket) raise ya hands (Got a knot, knot up in the pocket) if ya gotta knot (Got a knot, knot up in the pocket) if you want a knot [Lord Jamar] Now I don't lust over money But if I had to do it, I would bust over money Let's not have a dispute and cause disgust over money Cause we can cut and shoot and shed the blood over money but that wouldn't be right, yo Gotta have some, money in yo' pocket How the fuck you 'sposed to hit the supermarket? You can't even get the stain out your carpet without havin little money in your pocket I know you wanna get the chain with the locket Buy a plane so you can sit up in the cockpit All day gettin brains from a hot bitch Layin back, spendin change on a ostrich Or would you settle for just gettin out the projects Pay off your debts, make a little progress Either way the only thing that could stop it Is not havin no, money in your pocket (Got a knot, knot up in the pocket) got a knot (Got a knot, knot up in the pocket) want a knot (Got a knot, knot up in the pocket) need a knot (Got a knot, knot up in the pocket) uh-huh (Got a knot, knot up in the pocket) got a knot (Got a knot, knot up in the pocket) want a knot (Got a knot, knot up in the pocket) need a knot (Got a knot, knot up in the pocket) yeah The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Brand Nubian Album: Fire in the Hole Song: Coming Years Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Grand Puba] Uhh ("through the coming years") through the coming years ("life, will grow sweeter") life is gon' get much sweeter y'all ("through the coming years") Through the coming years ("life, will grow sweeter") Now I heard the silliest shit from this crackhead bitch I asked her why she smoked that shit - she said, "We all can't be rich" She said, "I'm hopeless, like a penny with a hole in my soul" Then she asked me my goal, I said to live to grow old And watch my seeds grow and teach those who need to know And if my shorties need me, deliver like Dominos See the name of the game of life is maintain Your mind won't grow if you can't feed the brain Through the comin years a lot of blood sweat and tears Poured a lot of beers for my niggaz who ain't here My pops used to school me - I'ma keep it real wit'chu You can play the corner all you want 'til one day it's gon' get you Got to get up, get out and get somethin Or you can sit around all day and do nothin See that's the main reason why that we pour a lot of beer Cause there's mad niggaz gone but the corner's still there so ("through the coming years... life, will grow sweeter") ("through the coming years... life, will grow sweeter") [Lord Jamar] They say you only get better with age Fine wine gets better with time, fruit get ripe on the vine Truth bring light when it shines I'm at my best, like Tyson in his prime And that goes for the raps and the beats I make songs for those tryin to escape but trapped in the streets And y'all 'bout to see that I'm 'bout to be on MTV Lookin off a penthouse balcony And I've been fuckin with birds like falcons, we off the handle and steel like alchemy Just for keepin it real like Malcolm, G OD it'll all reveal When they, crown me king then you all will kneel I'm 'bout to, drop some shit that you all will feel The seed's been planted, now look at all the vegetation I'm tryin to see my family straight for generations Gimme my reparations [Sadat X] I'm not the richest, not by far And I ain't got 24 inches on the car And I doubt that you'll ever see me at the car show And I work every day, ain't got that star dough But my daughter keep me grounded Surrounded by good friends and my brothers, and a few others that I met on the road, like here and abroad And the Brand Nubian name remain with respect All of us still here and that's much MORE than a check Still growin and our family correct, tap the bottle And I guess you could say that I'm a role model of how to make it without hittin the lotto, and that's life From a man to a boy, from build to destroy We born again, yo it's back on again One more trip across the globe One more run for the roses, the door never closes Until we shut it right The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Brand Nubian Album: Fire in the Hole Song: Whatever Happened...? Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [20 second discussion of old school memories] [Lord Jamar] Aiyyo we came up together, flamed up weed together Changed our names together, even had seeds together Everyday we used to be together, got tattoos together Drank brews together Fucked hoes together, did shows together Bought jewels, bought clothes together, we was close together Bust guns together, we would run together Said we would be, Dunns forever And shine like the sun together, and never sever And down for whatever's clever They say two heads is better so let's put it together We can get the cheddar comin back to back like a doubleheader I can't believe we not still together 'Member back in the days, when we used to get ill together We was ready to kill together, make blood spill together Now we hardly even chill together Whatever happened to you? - We were true blue No limitations on the things that we used to do Whatever happened to him? - My man got bagged He in the pen and he might not see daylight again Whatever happened to her? - She had two seeds Now she's smokin and she just ain't the way she was Whatever happened to them? - Now they started as friends But it seem like they blowin in the wind [Sadat X] Heads are laid out in the dojo Threw you a lifeline from K-Ci and JoJo We crossed the earth on airplanes Don't worry about a thing, lay back and get {?} Damn silky slim was the bad thing Used to spread her out her man was down in the bing Knew it couldn't last like that For the niggaz that I knew that got blast like that She got this nigga's pictures on the wall Out with the baby eatin dinner at the mall Told me she was from Madison But A.G. and them told me she was really from Patterson Thought she was 18 then But she was 16 and had been fuckin grown men Wild, that was way back when I still think of shorty and want to smash her again [Grand Puba] For the third time my man got knocked 'Cept he was gettin tired of 3 hots and a cot Now his short stay is a very long stay From all them yak sales in the project hallways Now a nigga blew trial and started coppin But ain't nuttin poppin 'less you messin with a nigga like Johnny Cochran Up North, Comstock; caught a flashback Cause that's the same place I used to go check my pops Damn, here we go again My man John {?} won't see New York 'til about 2010 It be the same ol' ghetto shit; send me some flicks some chips, some commisary, some groceries and some kicks It be a plot while we in the trenches Playin the project benches, thinkin {?} For those who know the woes, the highs and the lows The wind blows and the grass grows so The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Brand Nubian Album: Fire in the Hole Song: Always Mine Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash "You'll be always mine... all through your life  think you'll find, you'll be always mine...  all through your life, think you'll find  you'll be always mine" [Sadat X] You gon' always be mine, no matter who else in line And deep down, you know that in your heart We occasionally live life dreams Time stood still, and split up the seams Years can be brutal but it served you well You mighta gained a pound but I can't tell Who me? I'm in the same vein, healthy Not as wealthy as I wanna be, but I'm aight But to you that never mattered anyway I couldn't stand in yo' way when you choose to grow Said you had to follow yo' lifelong dreams to the lands of the stars, cameras, lights Bright sunny days and we parted our ways Then the hourglass with the sand slipped fast Now we are where we are today, in oh-four And maybe it'll happen once more But if don't, know our time together was golden Memories I'ma keep holdin, and know I'm here And one more thing my dear ("All through your life, think you'll find") ("You'll be always mine... all through your life  think you'll find, you'll be always mine...") [Lord Jamar] Yo, we first met in junior high I was so shy, you was so fly At first I done knew you would be mine Clocked in, started doin my time Walkin you home, hours, we talked on the phone Eventually, we started to bone In a whirlwind, you became my girlfriend We used to both rock the matchin Sherlings With the sweatshirts, with our names on it On the back it had our love proclaimed on it Then we broke up, and got back together Then we broke up, and got back together It was like that, for what seemed forever Then it got to the point that we had to sever The years had passed And wouldn't you know it, met and her yo we crossed paths And I have to laugh Cause it didn't take nuttin for a nigga to smash, cause ("All through your life, think you'll find") ("You'll be always mine... all through your life  think you'll find, you'll be always mine...") [Grand Puba] I couldn't wait to walk to school each day And wait for you to pass my way (uh-huh) I never really had nuttin to say, but how ya doin, and have a nice day Until one day, one Monday I put the mack down, recess playground Ever since then homegirl been down Feelin my style cause I wasn't no clown From, element through the college days Did shows after school, used to bring you backstage We reminisce on how we used to play When I got sick, you got sick the same days Okay? (okay) you know how that go (yeah) Mom at work, so we got the fo' Half hour for the cleanup then you out the do' Walked down one flight to be safe fo' sho' After, all that shorty love still with it How I put my thang down and the way I hit it, so ("All through your life, think you'll find") ("You'll be always mine... all through your life  think you'll find, you'll be always mine...") The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Brand Nubian f/ Aisha Mike Album: Fire in the Hole Song: Ooh Child Typed by: Tha Lyricz Finisha [Chorus 2x: Aisha Mike] Ooh child, things are gonna get easier Ooh child, thing's get brighter [Sadat X] Yeah, now why they so worried about going to Mars When there's a million black seeds in Africa who starve? Mad people over here keep losing they jobs Half the hood in the ground, and the rest behind bars We want the money, the ice, the crib and the cars Yo, the sky's the limit, so reach for the stars But be careful of the choices you make, watch the snakes Know who keep it real and who keep it real fake And if you ever fall, you find out who's your friend You got to brush the dirt off then you get back up again Uh, and then you get back up And when you back up on your game, watch them pop back up Now with friends like that, nigga, who needs enemies? Me grab the mic and spit bullshit? Nigga, please I ain't trying to shovel bullshit through your system I'm only trying to drop some jewels, I hope you listen, so [Chorus 2x: Aisha Mike (Grand Puba)] Ooh child, things are gonna get easier (When you caught up in the struggle and you just trying to get it right) Ooh child, thing's get brighter (Bust ya ass everyday cuz you wanna live a better life) Ooh child, things are gonna get easier (If you focused) Ooh child, thing's get brighter (Stay on your grind, it's not hopeless) [Lord Jamar] Aiyo, why you looking so sad, it's not that bad Things could be worse, you could have a toe-tag So wipe away your tears, and just be glad you're here You had worse things in life that you had to bare A soft spot in my heart, so I had to care I couldn't stand by, watch a grown man cry So I offer my condolence, and told him To stand on his feet and walk to his destiny I'm never gonna let these muthafuckas get the best of me Addressing me, put up a fight or, put up your life Put up or shut up, when you put up a price I'm not a gambling man, so I put up the dice I like control in the odds and, holding the cards They brought drugs to the hood and they got sold to the Gods But still through it all, we refuse to submit And that's why we choose to spit real shit, like [Grand Puba] Time stand still on a day that's slow Bills piled up on the living room floor Hard to work it out when it's only just me Even with the glasses, feel like I can't see Some days on my budget, I can't even cop trees They trying to break the God, and bring you down to my knees Combined with these is the fact that my daughter's far away That's why I speak to her daily so I know that she's ok But don't pity on your boy, cuz I be aight But everything come to light, and everyday'll be bright And ya mind and your body is solved And the problems won't seem to harm in your mental And A.S.P.'s in your residential, that's the cause Of celebrating, where the babies could grow And you ain't gotta lock your doors, told to Elimination of wars, where the diseases of the world is just a bygone [Aisha Mike] Some day, we'll put it together and we'll get it all done Some day, your head is much wider Some day, we'll walk in the wings of a beautiful sun Some day, then the rays is much brighter The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Brand Nubian Album: Fire in the Hole Song: Soldier's Story Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Steven Biko, D.O. from the Bronx, Medgar Evers Che Guevara, Fred Hampton, Martin Luther King Big L, Bob Marley, Huey P. Newton, Mike P Tupac Shakur, Biggie Smalls, Clarence 13X Emmitt Till, Big Trill, Nat Turner, Freaky Tah Wise from L.G., Malcolm X {*rocket soars overhead*} "Fire in the hole!" {*war sounds*} [repeat 2X] Hut one, hut two, hut Hut three, hut four, hut [Chorus: Lord Jamar] Soldiers don't die they just fade away Have you ever tried to spray the AK We camoflauged down with the analog sound Leavin enemies in the ground A thin red line, between war and peace Sometimes we creep on all fours behind enemy lines We look death in the face, on a daily basis We do it cause we have to, a soldier's story [Lord Jamar] Aiyyo taste the blood, as it hit your face And walk through the mud, shit up to your waist Feel the mosquito bite, at night, when the torpedos hit Smell the burnin flesh, hear the screams of death My man Jim just lost a limb His right arm was the price, freedom cost to him So much, loss of life, we lost so many men So many horrors, I wouldn't know, where to begin In a foxhole, lock and load let's rock'n'roll Guerilla warfare, all's fair that ends fair We gotta take this bridge, for the sake of the kids For the way, that they make us live We can do it with the gat or hand to hand combat Make plans to bomb that You see, war is hell so much more to tell And this is for alla y'all soldiers that fell [repeat 2X] Yo left, yo left Yo left, right, left [Sadat X] I got 13 guns now, plus a sword; bullets all over the floor In the drawer, by the closet, in the door And Ben, fixed my firing pen, that's 14 Hear a 30 bark, shoot it at the dirty narc Spark came with this gun, makin it 15 Oh yeah that ol' 22'll make it 16 Who got dough for the VA trip, come back with two on the hip That's 18, shiny and clean Jean the dopefiend been holdin somethin mean My son Sammy hold the diesel, and you give him the weasel 2 more flips, guns with grips, I'm into whips I'm 60/40 and the Bronx is no shorts We build forts from {?} and tenements Shoot off the roof blow-joe, and light a {?} My niggaz hold the heat and leave you dead on my street Oh we gon' eat, and anybody in my path is gettin beat [Grand Puba] Me and my soldiers commit espionage, for that 3-car garage Livin large, with the swimmin pool in the back yard Traitors, infiltrators of that top secret data Exterminators of creators who invented haters cause there's a civil war, poor killin poor Usin that psychological warfare to kill us all Too severe to ignore, so I play the spook who sat by the door Righteous teacher for the poor Dedicated soldiers, freedom fighters Rhyme writers on chore with the cure to stop the undyin war Nubian, follow me, hup two three From the year 2000 to the E-N-D Cause I don't know what y'all been told (See I don't know what y'all been told) Brand Nubian never sells their souls (Brand Nubian never sells their souls) [repeat 2X] Yo left, yo left Yo left, right, left [repeat 4X] Hut one, hut two, hut Hut three, hut four, hut The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Brand Nubian Album: Time's Runnin' Out Song: Seen Enough Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro] What? Uhh Seen enough (seen enough) heard enough (uh-huh) Seen enough (that's right) heard enough (uhh) Keep, on, movin (you gotta keep on) Don't, stop, groovin [Sadat X] My heart can only beat in the land of New York With the blue N.Y., damn sure fly Sadat X is like the monument Came to the party sober, left the place a headcase I be the star of the A-bars, 12 bars and titty bars Hold your seed to the stars and explain what's up I'm like Red from the Five Heartbeats, I strive My office hours boy is from 9 to 5 I made my bones in the old Rooftop But niggaz ain't aware cause there's cars parked there AY~! Never been gold but retained my skills Been around the world and unfurled the flag I seen a 20 piece rise from a trey bag Down with the {?} pickin D's and the MVP's And my {?} Bronx family that come out when it's {?} My peeps they hold me down, Now Rule gets the crown (Now I) Seen enough (uh-huh) heard enough (I heard enough) Seen enough (yeah) heard enough (so uhh) Keep, on, movin (you gotta keep on) Don't, stop, groovin (don't stop it don't stop) Seen enough (huh) heard enough (yeah) Seen enough (uh-huh) heard enough (you gotta) Keep, on, movin (you gotta keep on) Don't, stop, groovin [Lord Jamar] Lord Jamar, the best in Westchester Ex-lab investor, grab your Winchester Mic molester, watch me strike under pressure On the turnpike during, thunderous weather Alluring to the smell when we burns a L Reassuring what we learned translates to sales Your fanbase is frail, caught a case now you in jail I'm workin on the large scale you workin on the God's bail Like the Qu'ran or the Holy Grail My New Testament is excellent You've been afflicted with the pestilence Got you addicted to the nonsense, with no contents They say the best defense is a good offense And in the present tense a lot of niggaz ride the fence I'm fly with confidence (uh-huh) In every continent we make dollars and cents Stars of the Eastern Conference (I-I-I) Seen enough (uh-huh) heard enough (yeah) Seen enough (seen enough) heard enough (hearrd enough) Keep, on, movin (you gotta keep on) Don't, stop, groovin (don't stop don't stop don't stop) Seen enough (WHAT?) heard enough (uh-huh) Seen enough (where we at) heard enough (right) Keep, on, movin (you gotta keep on) Don't, stop, groovin [Grand Puba] Now do the Knowledge have these Wisdoms understand the God's culture Build Power standin frozen like they posin for Minolta Bet you all will shine in your lifetime Haji God'll make you sizzle, rhymes written in chisel Lounge on the plush, keep my business on the hush Keep it that way so nobody has to get touched I know the biggest of the big and the smallest of the small So ball, I'm caught up in the middle of it all Don't worry, Grand Pub' on the situation Move an imitation out like immigration Cause God damn, I got somethin in the skillet Heat up the flame, and watch me kill it I like to stay bent like a pair of 20 inch shoes Take a cruise and talk about nigga news So you can get mean, sip your Cristine and then lean Just recognize when God on the scene [ad libs of Chorus for about 8 seconds] [Outro: Grand Puba] Power standin frozen like they posin for Minolta What? Brand Nubian, Born God There it is, right here and right now, make it hot huh? Raise the roof one time to the top huh? Don't stop huh? Drop it off right there Brand Nubian, to 2000 Lord J... Dottie X Hit them niggaz we call they bluff, huh, what? H.R. still puffin stuff Uhh, where we at, where we at? Born God, uhh, born me, me What you see, M-I-C, it's Brand Nubian Better yet make it we Right now 'til 2000 Let's move it on, huh, no quest' {*music fades*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Brand Nubian Album: Time's Runnin' Out Song: Girls, Girls, Girls Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Grand Puba] Uhh... Alamo head banger Girls, girls, girls, girls - c'mon and clap your hands Cause there's some brothers on the mic I know ya like And they called Brand Nubian Now girls, girls, girls, girls - girls we do adore We got no time for the jive, time to get live Cause you know we keeps it raw [Sadat X] When I was smoked out that day you had looked all the better But homechick tried to dead me, the one you went to school with The one who never had shit, and always talkin foul shit And Jenny's just been a crab but as we lay Hair in disarray, you know that thing that I play with What are you laughin for girl? Cause I'm serious What me and you do ain't nobody's business And I don't see why we have to get into this Now I can play the villain, as I usually do When we act as adults we have less insults Sexual results, rate you as the champ Send a rose to your wife cause she done saved your life Put up with cheapness, she mighta took a beating [Lord Jamar] Well yo girls, girls, girls, girls - c'mon shout and clap your hands Cause there's some brothers on the mic I know ya like And they called Brand Nubian Well yo girls, girls, girls, girls - girls we do adore We got no time for the jive, it's time to get live Cause you know we keeps it rawwwwww [Grand Puba] I be the number one freaker, watch me make your whole body weaker Send a chill from your perm down to your sneakers Ten cent, I'm diggin how she represent {*sniff*} Victoria, Apple Ocean body scent She don't swine, body all dipped in design Got a mind, them type of joints is hard to find Let's take a bounce to the Bahamas Better yet I got mad fam in St. Thomas but I can't promise Word is bond, shorty love be the baddest Ass be the fattest, way past {?} Badu status No big deal baby cause I be the pantie conner I spit game not +Karen+ go and ask +Donna+ Once the five-one-six hit the bloodstream I talk shit, watch the nips turn to highbeam See I'ma make it real saucy, watch the panties get mad glossy Then get you open like a pot of coffee [Sadat X] Aiyyo girls, girls, girls, girls - c'mon and clap ya hands We got some brothers on the mic I know ya like And they're called Brand Nubian yeahhhh I say girls, girls, girls, girls - girls I do adore Got no time fo' the jive, it's time to get live And you know we keeps it raw [Lord Jamar] Rememberin times when we was swervin catchin more dimes than Candice Bergen; makin love on a Pesian rug I be like that sexual drug, that intellectual thug Makin connections in the club, show affections where to rub Your complexion's like a Nubian queen, you cruise from Queens New designer jeans and you puffin on the lime green Your whole body is a crime scene, under investigation You wonder will I give a demonstration I be your ultimate temptation You waitin for the moment of your penetration Only to find that it's better than you ever dreamed It never seems to stop Am I ever runnin out of steam? No I'm not I be the last of the red hot lovers Spankin that ass under the covers Brand Nubian brothers, don't mistake us for no others And when it's time to hit we got the rubbers [Outro: all speaking and overlapping] Yeah yeah uhh, like that like this This goes out to all the Wisdom Bodies Word is bond, glamorous women, knahmsayin Lookin right, keepin it tight, no spite And I rolls like that like that like that knahmean? Word up boy, say it, yeah Girls, girls, girls, girls Shit yeah, this goes out to the girls, girls, girls, girls {*fades out*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Brand Nubian Album: Time's Runnin' Out Song: One Time (Original Version) Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Lord Jamar] Uhh, one time for my peoples that be lovin the rhyme (that's right) We keep it bubblin, even in these troublin times [Sadat X] And two times for my people who be givin support (Alamo) Showin us love in this rap sport (whatcha say, whatcha say J) [Lord Jamar] One time for my peoples that be lovin the rhyme We keep it bubblin, even in these troublin times [Sadat X] And two times for my people who be givin support (Now Rule) Showin us love in this rap sport [Sadat X] I'm enhancin, with the Branson slabs of hash if the hellion pick on the black skelly You ridin in cabs, from New Harlem and the quest fam with two in the van, to the telly wop and you don't stop [Grand Puba] Uhh, you go for this like a gofer but my shit be protected like the plastic on your grandmother's sofa See more pennies than a loafer, push a S-500 No chauffeur, if I slide to the stouffer Make sure I keep a prophy- [Lord Jamar] -lactic, mathematical tactics We never movin backwards, attractive To the active, mental state, and these black kids can relate, to the shit we spit on the wax plate [Sadat X] The have-nots in this world is the type that lose they girl with loose rain got stacked, but you ain't matched your mack Them folks'll make it happen, somedays I say fuck rappin in the Jimmy's Cafe suaree, I will play (that's right) [Lord Jamar] Uhh, one time for my peoples that be lovin the rhyme (yeah, yeah) (yeah, yeah) We keep it bubblin, even in these troublin times [Sadat X] And two times for my people who be givin support Showin us love in this rap sport (East coast) (yeah) [Lord Jamar] One time for my peoples that be lovin the rhyme We keep it bubblin, even in these troublin times (West coast) [Sadat X] And two times for my people who be givin support Showin us love in this rap sport [Grand Puba] Now yeahhhh (uh) what the deal baby? (Right) Keep it jiggy baby (what) no diggy baby (yeah) See my mind flow release from New York to the Middle East Go and ask your niece, want a piece? Hot like fish grease [Lord Jamar] This release we bout to let go'z'about to set mo' niggaz on they ass, figurin we pass You fuckin with an all-star cast, Lord Jamar, Grand Puba and Sadat make it hot for yo' ras claat [Sadat X] I'm stompin all these prices, known to blow out sales Fly enough to be whale, with my eyes open keep the clutch tone, everything, that I touch, I own And I'll be here doin my thing, 'til my daughter is grown [Grand Puba] I be the minnnnd bogglin, iced tea garglin Rhyme style thorough, collect paper like the Tri-Boro Brand Nubian, son them cats be the blast Time to do the math as we set it on that ass [Lord Jamar] Uhh, one time for my peoples that be lovin the rhyme (that's right) (that's right) We keep it bubblin, even in these troublin times [Sadat X] And two times for my people who be givin support Showin us love in this rap sport (in this rap sport) (yeah) [Lord Jamar] One time for my peoples that be lovin the rhyme (whatcha say J) (whatcha say J) We keep it bubblin, even in these troublin times (uhh) [Sadat X] And two times for my people who be givin support Showin us love in this rap sport (worldwide) [Lord Jamar] It be the rich and the prominent that leave you lost I be the dominant force, similar to gravitation Follow my course of navigation, we'll earn respect and admiration of the population pump it on yo' station [Sadat X] A masked man came with the quick-fast game with the kick-ass aim, and the plan for holdin big heads Tryin to jump two spaces and beat two different cases I been to many places so you know this is the time [Grand Puba] Now I be in it to win it once I begin to begin it Like +Tony+ I +Bennett+, faster than a New York minute So Knowledge the Power as I devour Snakes stand around look sour, movin slower than a country hour [Lord Jamar] From the days of James Brown up to Erykah Badu Mass hysteria was nothin new, we put it down in the midst of the abyss and likeness of God Makin sure the course stays hard, yeah, what [Lord Jamar] Uhh, one time for my peoples that be lovin the rhyme (yeah) We keep it bubblin, even in these troublin times (say what) [Sadat X] And two times for my people who be givin support Showin us love in this rap sport (uhh, uhh) (yeah) [Lord Jamar] One time for my peoples that be lovin the rhyme (keep it goin J) We keep it bubblin, even in these troublin times [Sadat X] And two times for my people who be givin support Showin us love in this rap sport [Lord Jamar] (Dottie X, whatcha say? Lord J, whatcha say) Uhh, one time for my peoples that be lovin the rhyme (yeah, yeah) We keep it bubblin, even in these troublin times [Sadat X] (Grand Puba, whatcha say? Alamo, whatcha say?) And two times for my people who be givin support Showin us love in this rap sport (East coast) (yeah) [Lord Jamar] (Stud Doogie, whatcha say? East coast, whatcha say?) One time for my peoples that be lovin the rhyme We keep it bubblin, even in these troublin times (West coast) [Sadat X] (West coast, whatcha say? Whatcha say? Whatcha say?) And two times for my people who be givin support Showin us love in this rap sport [Grand Puba] It's like that huh, what? It's like that uhh, what? Keep it goin now, what? It's like that like that it's like that huh? Uhh, Brand Nubian Ninety-seven The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Brand Nubian Album: Time's Runnin' Out Song: Scientists of Sound Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Grand Puba] Now I'ma reach into my bag, see what I can grab Cause this one is harder, than flaggin a yellow cab 7 is my symbol, taught Jack to B. Nimble My verbal makes you tremble as I'm steady as a cymbal Think I won't shred it? The option's getting deaded Watch you get sucked in once I use my magnetic Make a chicken spin cause Allah got the power One thousand thirty-seven third miles per hour Creep up on that ass like an undetected gas It's scientific math breaking 85's in half I choose to be nothin but Allah and that's the God And you still might see me doin shots at the bar [Sadat X] Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah Someone take me to the bank please Down with the original black New York Yankees The ones with their hats placed strictly side saddle Your best friend told yo' ass a fuckin lie Hey sure I get high, but I still pay my taxes Look at me I'll incorporate, keep tabs runnin year to day Out of state, near the area of Baltimore (uh-huh) Hey I'll serve you, you work it, don't fuck up the connections Hold on with that beef at the door Nigga you ain't Thor, why you call that girl a bitch? She belong to Rich with the itchy trigger finger Nostradamus{?} say it's sent from the heights Good with the cowboys, Dominicans and blacks And all the G-O-D's dealing in actual facts [Lord Jamar] Like that yo Constructor and the builder of the track Mind filler and instructor of the blacks Abducting you with facts while this Devil is corrupting you with cracks Self-destructing cause we lack, proper education Let me drop my dissertation, the situation's serious Mysterious, mystification leaving you delirious Imperious, royal highness, when you rewind this you'll find this was full of information, clearing this blindness What you hearing now is timeless; ain't no use interferin Cause my shit be appearin in yo' sub-conscience Now you love when we launch this, like a space shuttle Givin subtle hints, for the Gods to represent I never bent, from my position, I'm navigatin with precision Never collaboratin with Satan cause he pissin me off On a collision course with my satellite Place the gat to the brain of the Canaanites [Grand Puba] It's them devilistic views that's designed to make you lose Now we all know the blues stand for bad nigga news (true) Savage ways and action, lifestyle of Gomorrah got you seein double vision, robotic with precision I choose to use the top cipher of the build you see and then I add the bottom and destroy the negativity It's time to motivate, eliminate the black hate which is designed to make the black man of the planet evaporate The knowledge that we drop is infinite, with significance My duty is to teach and make, every bit of difference (word is bond) It's Grand Puba, Cowboy, and the Dread Justice Cipher Born to Born the Arm Leg Leg Arm Head So let's get the mind off the murder It's time to take heed, to the 85 converter [Lord Jamar] Well I be standin in the truthin square, loopin up a snare 45 degree angle, grab the mic it's gettin strangled Pyramid's a triangle When you livin in New York it's best to be bi-lingual and never speak on shit before you do the knowledge It doesn't necessarily mean you gots to go to college The Devil's Workshop, this verse gets dropped like niggaz on major labels whose albums, only sold 7 pieces, 7 Jesus I be Allah the benificent, and the merciful Magnificent, knowledge be infinite Squalor your dollars and you claim that you pimpin it But a pimp is the loneliest bastard on earth~! Master self first, mental discipline, improve your listening skills Then show and prove when you build {*scratched 4X: "Scientists of sound, mathetically putting it down"*} [Outro] Word is bond Uhh Actual facts Yeah Knahmean? Now Rule, Brand Nubian  {*"Scientists of sound, mathetically putting it down"*} That's right That's how we do this every day As the world turns, uhh  {*"Mathetically putting it down"*}  {*4X: "Scientists of sound, mathetically putting it down"*} Everything built degree by degree In sequential order, knahmean? Yeah, Brand Nubian The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Brand Nubian Album: Time's Runnin' Out Song: Time's Runnin' Out (Original Version) Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Chorus: Brand Nubian] [GP] The time's running out, tick-tock, like the grains of sand [SX] Every man sharpens man, like steel sharpens steel [LJ] The threat of a war is real [LJ] Where my soldiers for the battlefield? [Sadat X] And as the days of the two-oh approach I drop a seed in my girl, so I can stay in this world And decompose the foes that slipped up under our nose We living on rows on top of rows and, half our stores is closed We still trickin out, jerkin out Half the project workin out They buildin underground cities While we worried about seein titties With they secret committies, and society orders They carryin out the slaughter Picture your daughter on stage for a quarter My old Uncle Sam fought in the war of Vietnam Got caught with napalm and burned off half his fuckin arm The government knew then about the lasting effects Now they done cut off his checks and if he wild out he'll be murdered Or possibly herded, to the VA Hospi-tal Where they got 'em under one roof Where they can conceal the proof You can see shit changin cat it can't stay the same Damn I wish the government didn't have my real name [Lord Jamar] Put down that glass of champagne It seems yo' ass ain't heard a damn thing that I've been sayin, niggaz steady playin like it's recess in the schoolyard Jewels from the God, cast to the foolish heart Meanwhile, the white militia's training Like Freemen in Montana aiming, they guns Son I told you revolution would come, way back in '91 You might find me on the run, forced to be a fugitive But livin my life, like a pugilist, always givin Devils hell Rebels rest under a shell, we packin knives made in Israel Preparin for the comin confrontation What the fuck y'all niggaz waitin, for? We in a state of, war - 1997 ain't gon' be no slice of heaven Like Richard Gere I hope this touch yo' +Primal Fear+ Four years is the turn of the century I guess we gon' learn eventually They wanna burn books that mention me Take a look into your future, tell me what you see [Grand Puba] Pardon me mister, well it's the eight-five resister to give your brain cell a blister so fine-tune your resistor Every ghetto corner's goner so I think that you should wanna take heed to the seed, once I plant it we can feed Now we stuck on stupid in a state of unawareness Makes us, fearless endearless Recklessness makes us careless This idiology, stupidity, lack of idealogy periodically destroys us psychologically Cipher's dimension is viewed on dissension Like a undetected chemical that creates mad tension We all been injected now we all become infected Ways and action of our people is the way that we dissect it It's gettin trifer, we should run the six sects Taking tons of you now follow by, twenty-one ciphers But we don't, cause we frozen, posin, at thirty-two degrees That's no way for the chosen to be dosin [Chorus] - repeat 2X [Sadat X] Cause right about this time, they tryin to trace my moves by simple things like bills, they tryin to mark my location At home or on vacation through my ChemicalBank card They tryin to kill the God and through my food feed me lard [Grand Puba] It be that lesson temptation for them devilish type creations Making the black mind feeble with they thought pattern +Evel+ like +Knievel+, or conniving, got no time for eighty-fiving It's time to educate instead of wastin time jiving [Lord Jamar] We goin to hell in a handbasket, fell into a casket Cause for drastic measures, we should all stick together Final Call, we better heed instead of chasin after cheddar cheese Before we back to slavery commitin acts of bravery [Chorus] - repeat 2X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Brand Nubian Album: Time's Runnin' Out Song: Brand Nu Hustle Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Grand Puba] Flow like fluid, watch me do it Ain't nuttin to it once the Grand run through it More fame than the Pac-10, ain't no distractin Took your star, reactin like fast actin Tinactin Start a mack trend once the rhyme style blends Niggaz bite the style like Lexus different rims Civilized flow, time to put it on go Some do anything for dough like a hustle point oh so Move out my way cause I've been belted by gamma ray Puba don't play, maintain from {?} to Amaway{?} Once of the best, the dish niggaz can't {?} Cause your style been exposed like assholes and toilet bowls Grand Puba my nigga my dawg Before my first girl kissed was a frog on the log Now I be the Prince, stackin green like the Grinch One time for your mind as we educate the blind [Lord Jamar] Uhh, in ninety-eight you still find me at the weed gate Nigga we straight, even though we dropped late Hit the record shop and cop the tape If it's hot give me props if it's not you can skate On the block with the Jake, hit you with the sock with the lock in the face, we rock in the place And I ain't got a problem with droppin the bass So it's get the option every time in the place Foul concoctions like base Went from a child now I'm standin in my pop's place With the hot taste, LP's or CD's Peace to LG and all G-O-D's This shit is C.O.D., s'meanin cash on delivery If chivalry is dead, go and tell a fuckin chickenhead She'll never get shit from the dread Hit her with a dick, book for the head - the head [Sadat X] You know I be to myself and I stay aight And the old grey van can still get me around Cause I'm the style talker, the street walker A measure of a man who's like a native New Yorker You see me over here with these cats over there Have no fear, cause Dottie X is here And we rock, a to the non-stop And we rock, and then throw on a cop Kid you ain't doin nuttin here so get the fuck out Knife ending +Thriller+ with the cold can of smoke I can't sport a rope if I could, we'd all be rich I leave a piece of my style flyin high up near And you say to yourself damn I'm glad I was there This is as rare as me freakin Cher Y'all people stare but behind closed doors y'all'll take it there Some cats is frontin like The Mask, dude you ain't got to ask Take your best shit to trash and heat up, and blow the street up [Grand Puba] Hot microphone bandits here to vandalize your system Told you once before but y'all niggaz don't listen Cue the line right fast and watch the punchline Turned around and flashed ya more faster than a Born Master Master Hold up, stop, rewind that part Find a God to translate cause the punchline is great You feelin this Son, you dig the way it's gettin done? Can you find some niggaz hyper? Ehh, Non Cipher [Lord Jamar] I believe the life giver, life taker, the owner and the maker Used to bone a shorty in Jamaica Now I be the dice shaker, cold like an ice maker Roll herb with the rice paper Used to get stole for the paper Now we rock gold from the greatest story ever told They call me bold for the shit that I be sayin on the mic Y'all niggaz be playin on the mic, peace to all my A-Alikes [Sadat X] I need the A collars, green dollars, see who follows Stack up and retreat, go from street to street so he can eat They say all niggaz can keep a beat Say hot to death in the project heat I might speak if you lift yo' feet, any higher I'ma touch, but first let me play my Willie Hutch I'm Old New York, like the Dutch and the redskins Disease and whack chicks nowadays make me dead skins Do I have real friends or do they got their own ends? Well let me be the only one at the bar who spends [Outro] It's like that y'all, and you don't stop Well check it out now, and keep on Alamo, rock the house and Sadat X, rock the house and Lord Jamar, rock the house and Grand Puba, rock the house huh A check it out now, to the beat huh A check it out now, a what what huh And here we go now, a one time Uhh, hey Jeff what they say y'all? The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Brand Nubian Album: Time's Runnin' Out Song: Once Again Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro] Uhh, yeah One two soundcheck Three four five six Seven, uhh, yeah What? Uhh [Grand Puba] Now Grand Puba did the split the year of Born Understanding Figured it was time for me to do some more expanding Took a solo journey with my microphone tool Wasn't with the Nubians but we still remained cool Had a nice run, smacked you with a few hits But deep down inside I missed the three man skit Now it's all official and it's back on again So run and tell your friends, it's Brand Nubian [Lord Jamar] I be the Lo-R-D, J-A-M-A- -R you down, or are you hesistant? By the status of my regiment The sound's deep like sediment Can't sleep there's some shit you better get 3D, original cipher, the black viper Type of shit to give you satisfaction We's the main attraction Brand Nubian, my crew be in a class by itself Unsurpassed, plus we stompin ass [Sadat X] I be the hypnotizer then the tranquilizer The dead eye, flyin on a red eye Microphone passers is now checked at gunpoint Brand Nubian, can we hear just one joint? With all of y'all, e'rybody, the original three Grand Puba, Lord Jamar, and I self we And if you wanna see a reunion well just come along Click your heels, play the reels, Brand Nubian appeals in this sordid game, involvin record deals [Grand Puba] Grabbin mass appeals, baggin more than seals F'real doe, yo, my flow's invincible Sensible, it's time to go to school and I'm the principle The way that I bend it, better yet superintendant Highly recommended, nothin less than splendid My rhyme expertise? Please~! Helps me grate the cheese and bag more properties than a drug seize So if you want then you better place your order Cause I got more styles than Mexicans that sneak across the border [Lord Jamar] Well kill the motherfuckin gossip, seems we be the topic of discussion, by magazine columnists, they wanna follow us and try to see if there be any animosity between the three possibly.. We heard they didn't get along; heard they'd never do another song Brothers was wrong, not many others that could last this long Our past was strong, but yo our future's even stronger Last longer than a Duracell, straight from New Rochelle [Sadat X] Takin these New York spots that's been guarded by cockblocks and gassed up locals with the bullshit vocals I keep comin out the woodwork, for good perks and all that The X is like a four man +Wild Cowboy+ oh man Select the informal {?} we're to be paid as kings Conversate the black man, motherfuck the Olympic rings By the time you get this warning it'll be the light of the morning The birds'll flyin, a baby's born, a man is dying Brand Nubian is done, this is only jam #1! (Yeah, yeah, yeah) [Brand Nubian: repeat 4X] Aiyyo set that shit - cause here it go again Now that's that shit - it's Brand Nubian! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Brand Nubian Album: Time's Runnin' Out Song: Rockin' It Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash {*laughter all around*} [Chorus: Brand Nubian] Sadat X be - rockin it, yes we be rockin it Lord J be - rockin it, yes we be rockin it Grand Puba be - rockin it, yes we be rockin it Rockin it (rockin the joint) rockin it Uptown be - rockin it, yes we be rockin it Brooklyn be - rockin it, yes we be rockin it Now Rule be - rockin it, yes we be rockin it Rockin it (rockin the joint) rockin it [Sadat X] Budweiser in the daytime, Heineken after 9 Hit you record after record then, rhyme after rhyme Chick went to FreakNik, came back like a slime Tried to get me out in my youthful prime This old timer on my block been there for 97 years He seen them all when in they prime and at the end of they careers He said, "Life comest first and remember love hurts Keep a dollar in your pocket and the flame wit'cha name on it Money don't flaunt it, live well and have a good life Set up real estate, cool out, and find a good wife" I enjoy mostly love but then there's hate Tell a nigga wait he wanna grab off the plate Upstate at the Motel 8 with cake You debate this late, she was your prom queen date Should I do it God? (Yo chill, she might got the trait) Yeah you right Lord, I think I best to skate [Chorus: Brand Nubian] East coast be - rockin it, yes we be rockin it West coast be - rockin it, yes we be rockin it The whole world be - rockin it, yes we be rockin it Rockin it (rockin the joint) rockin it All the Gods be - rockin it, yes we be rockin it And all the Earths be - rockin it, yes we be rockin it And all the Seeds be - rockin it, yes we be rockin it Rockin it (rockin the joint) rockin it [Lord Jamar] The dreadlock, make yo' head rock, back and forth Roll up, on the blunts and crack the quarts We in the front, while y'all niggaz be the last resort Took a trip to Japan and used my passport Tried to flip on my man you lose your lifespan Bruise emcees cause I'm too nice man It's sorta like the dice in my hand, I be shakin up shit Crackin motherfuckin heads when I hit I used to go to bed with a girl from Sedgwick Wanna start a family on some Sister Sledge shit Tried to set me up, said I got her pregnant When the bitch bust a nut yo I wasn't present Nowadays I'm the cut, Brooklyn resident Absorbin a burst of speed, from my Earth to Seed Around the first 'til my hands bleed And smoke weed 'til I'm lyin in a hearse over man's greed [Interlude] Brand Nubian back on the scene! (Yeah) Paintin the pockets green (uhh, uhh) One thousand jams strongs (c'mon) So let's get it on, c'mon (dig it) [Grand Puba - singing] No one in the world can be us No one in the world can see us No one in the world can do it like Brand Nu baby [Grand Puba - rapping] Flow like pros, nuttin, can't stop it Talk my talk and I walk with stuffed pockets Breeze you with the blazing hot; then I'ma bounce to something Diamond dropped, he play the tape until the tape popped Word to life yeah dig it check a nigga's flow No need to stress it cause it's tight like booty holes Nubian fortified, just to satisfy Squeeze one off, in a shorty, watch me multiply Word to mother ask baby mother, about a brother Top cat, can't be another Rags to riches, I dig civilized chicks Can't waste time on no stank attitude bitches Brand Nubian sagas continue Check the menu as we blow up the venue So yeah cat it's like that and like that Beat you in the head with that shit super fat, word up [Outro: Brand Nubian] Rockin it, rockin it {*3X*} We rockin it y'all - rockin it Now D.C. be - rockin it Atlanta be - rockin it Miami be - rockin it L.A. be - rockin it Chi-Town be - rockin it Houston be - rockin it Just rockin it y'all - rockin it Yeah, you know Cleveland's rockin it No doubt without a question big up to Pittsburgh You know they rockin it Goin through the Carolinas, North-South style Knahmsayin? Headin through the Commonwealth of V-A Can't forget Delaware Philly, P-A what'cha say now? Yeah, I'ma bring it on back to town Send a big shoutout to the Boogie Down Staten Island, Strong Island Queens borough The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Brand Nubian Album: Time's Runnin' Out Song: I Wanna Hear It Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro] Uhh, yeah, Brand Nubian Live and direct, knahmean? ("I want to hear it from you") Word up ("I want to hear it from one, who should know how it is") Yeah ("I want to hear it from you") [Lord Jamar] Uhh, it must be clear the shit is true Appearin with the Brand Nu', shit you was hearin we would never do Stop interferin with my crew You heard it from the source, out the mouth of the horse We's about to divorce the label that put us on From the first, unable to disperse our shit properly I be the maker and the owners of the verse Be my property, rap Monopoly Now look at the dichotomy of styles that exist on this hitlist 'Long time 'fore you get this A strong mind'll make a strong body A long line at the gate of every party we perform Niggaz couldn't wait for me to get it on Impatiently awaiting the third eye of the storm High from the chalm with the bomb for the Born God Brand Nubian ("I want to hear it from you") Uhh ("I want to hear it from one, who should know how it is") Yeah ("I want to hear it from you") Uhh ("I want to hear it from one, who should know how it is") ("I want to hear it from you") [Grand Puba] That ain't the same old same Watch me get jiggy, burn with my game Makin all the mamis just call our name While diggin on the way we do our thang Worldwide, we bang No dibs, peace God, we bring it live like Allen I Once we get started, bullshit gets departed Rhymestyle be exotic, psychotic, make a mami get erotic So let's get it started, Brand Nu' got it You know the alibi, cause Grand Puba more than fortified Don't even try, I believe I can fly Worldwide like the internet, still make your panties wet Cause this is butter as butter get So if you feel the testimony, baby you can ride the pony Not a phony, so come and dig the one and only Brand Nubian, so what'cha gon' do? (What'cha gon' do?) ("I want to hear it from you") Yeah, yeah, yeah ("I want to hear it from one, who should know how it is") Yeah, this the one ("I want to hear it from you") No doubt, one ("I want to hear it from one, who should know how it is") Yeah, uhhhh ("I want to hear it from you") [Sadat X] The unbreakable and unmistakable Like an archive but we'll arrive in y'all hallway Let's convene, meet by the Tavern on the Green My seam is from the fly jeans shop from our father who then made my sister in the 70's she's an outstand', be the man with my S hat You don't say yes cat, I'll walk with my scruples and some ruples The girls stay fly, cats rude as usual It ain't my fault that whack rappers confusin ya And every girl in the world can be smashing You're New York tinted, every time I will bend it When it comes I be the beast, see me up in that crease By the exit, we got to keep it hot to death Y'all can get what's left, hold on my man ain't eat~! Pour some wine for my man and get a stool for his feet Yes yes yes Yeah once again, as we make sagas and create new volumes And get down like this I be the, great X, promotin the next Holdin it down, 'long with the Grand Puba, the Lord Jamar My man Alamo, the great A, hold us down each and e'ry day Ron Studd, where ya at? Knahmsayin... {*fades out*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Brand Nubian Album: Time's Runnin' Out Song: A Child Is Born (Original Version) Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Lord Jamar] A child is born with no state of mind Blind to the ways of mankind God is smilin on you but he's frownin too Because only God knows what you go through, uh A child is born with no state of mind Blind to the ways of mankind God is smilin on you but he's frownin too [Sadat X] He grew up in an instant, the fourth of seven children The oldest male, on the block that's half and half Brown stones to neck bones, crack jones to tones Where young girls spread out and drop seeds like they farmers They old as they mommas and the same age as they aunt and the neighborhood drunk man and that lady with the dreaded disease, is like hard to please And the house of ill fate with the metal gate Keep the thin people cracked out like crunch they munch The old man with the fruit stand, is on his knee and his hand, his old heart, just can't stand the CPR As they load him in the back of a car I'm on a world tour to help free the poor From the local drug cats to kids in front of the store Number runners, gang bangers and the fake money spenders Reality check rings as we descend from the kings [Grand Puba] Now a child is born with no state of mind Blind to the ways of mankind God's smilin on you but he's frownin too Cause only God knows what you'll go through A child is born with no state of mind Blind to the ways of mankind God's smilin on you but he's frownin too Cause only God knows [Lord Jamar] No hope, was scopin horror in my horoscope Tomorrow I could be broke, this ain't a joke I'm twenty dollars away, from bein dead ass I'm 'bout to spend half, on a bag to get my head blast Last week I lost the Justice Cypher Born That spawned a rift with my Wis, now she dipped with my kids I live by the subway, niggaz push drugs in my hallway All day everyday, tryin to get the pay And I've been tryin to find a better way It seems when you poor then you forced to endure to raw play Survival be your forte, lookin forward to arrival of your food stamps, projects like boot camps With generals, cookin chemical warfare Peace to Amir, I ain't seen your ass in four years The law bears down on anybody that's brown My complexion, puts me in the direction of the section 8 Rejection seems to be my fate As a kid I wanted shit but momma always used to say I had to wait And its been drama up to date Enough to traumatize people's lives and the eyes that try to fixate [Sadat X] A child is born with no state of mind Blind to the ways of mankind God is smilin on you but he's frownin too Cause only God knows what you'll go through A child is born with no state of mind Blind to the ways of mankind God is smilin on you but he's frownin too Because [Grand Puba] Born into existance, with some resistance A struggle, comin out my ol' Earth's womb It was little past noon, three months before June I had a feelin I was headed toward the land of doom I came out, and the doctor got ready to smack I grabbed the 'bilical cord, and tried to pull myself back but it was too late for that, cause out slid the sack So I guess I gotta maintain where I'm at Now I'm here breathin this new kind of air Poverty bound, headin for the welfare I had a feelin somethin wasn't gonna be right Cause I can feel it in my mom's uptight appetite Now I'm growin up around stale beans and drug fiends and shiesty characters with their harebrained schemes Now momma I don't wanna be poor no more And I'm tired of these crackheads in front of our door [Outro] A child is born with no state of mind Blind to the ways of mankind God is smilin on you but he's frownin too Because only God knows what you'll go through A child is born with no state of mind Blind to the ways of mankind God is smilin on you but he's frownin too Because only God knows what you'll go through The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Brand Nubian Album: Time's Runnin' Out Song: Right Here Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro: Brand Puba] Dottie X baby Lord J, what? [Chorus 2X: Grand Puba] - ad libs first time only It's like yeah (yeah) Brand Nubian back in your ear (in your ear) Raise the roof like we just don't care (uh-huh) It's right there it's right there it's right there (right there) Where you at huh? (Huh?) [Grand Puba] Uhh, top notch status watch the God get in flamin Herbal with the verbal drop top twin turbo Blazin for the year Born God to two G's Flow like these, help the God stack cheese Summer jet-skis, truck with TV's Sittin under tropic trees with iced teas Mindstate positive black, rhyme flow be spectacular More accurate than a Acura Brand Nubian, "One For All" again No question there, check the way the trees blend When it comes to this I be one of the best And I strive to be stress free like Tribe Called Quest Uhh, Brand Nubian, rhyme sayer Don't wanna be a player, just the microphone mayor Haji Allah, come with the rough rugged mellow Spit so much butter make the mic yellow [Lord Jamar] Light skinned understanding C with brown eyes See me in abandoned streets of Crown Heights With weed in my hand runnin lights In need of a grand to put down on the fights See me and the Brand Nubians keep it tight Flew me in to do a show in the middle of the night If we don't get our dough then you know we gonna fight Keepin niggaz on they toes cause our flows be right I used to bag O's on sight, now it turn me off when they flows be tight, I'm the road of the right and just When I was 15 I used to smoke dust Now I strive to stay pristene and free from lust So watch the 3 bust, I be the black Jesus Attack any man who plan to freeze us Your hands should be up, my mans be treed up In the land that the black man needs to free up [Chorus] - last line "Raise the roof X" [Sadat X] I'll kick the old style then flip the new One of three Nubians, Lord Jamar and Grand Pub' I'm in African cabs from stores run by the Arabs Pictures of Mecca next to the price sticker And they little sons with the big guns, Palestine shine Got you thinkin from divine, we pump the mainline Hey I gots in here, for my services ringin with the eccru color collar with the new leather What's my master plan, for my crew from H.T. This is how we puttin it down in ninety-seven A style war, nigga take a shot to the jaw I stood back and let my sons wild out, I'm on my own Just play the brownstone with my main cousin Tone When you came to my spot, who you tryin to see? Dead them other cats, the Brand Nubian emcee Of sound mind and the soundest body I ain't bendin no dough, bitch trick for me (Yeah, and that's how it's supposed to be) [Outro: Grand Puba] It's like yeah Brand Nubian back in your ear Let's put it there, we put it there huh? What, raise the roof one time huh Two times uhh, three time uhh Lord Jamar huh, Sadat X what? Grand Puba uhh, let's raise it, blaze it Raise it raise it, blaze it Raise it blaze it, raise it Raise it blaze it, raise it - uhh The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Brand Nubian Album: Time's Runnin' Out Song: Enjoy Yourself Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Grand Puba] Uhh, uhh, uhh, uhh Uhh, yeah, it's like this, it's like that huh? A yeah yeah, a what what? A here we go now A c'mon c'mon, keep it finger poppin now Because it's time for you to ("Enjoy yourself, enjoy yourself, enjoy yourself with me") ("Enjoy yourself, enjoy yourself, ENJOY yourself with me") ("C'mon ENJOY yourself - enjoy yourself, enjoy yourself") A here we go now, a here we go now ("ENJOY yourself - enjoy yourself, enjoy yourself") Uh-huh, now here we go now, a here we go now [Sadat X] I'ma enjoy myself cause I'm here Cause my classmate tally gets smaller every year How many cats I've known that got smashed How many chicks I've known that live like trash I might be Son but I'm never out son, the gun No woman should be shunned if she can upkeep and maintain and crane keep her body tight, and that ass tight And her mind right, this ain't minister's life but I'm polite, I'm not the greatest dancer But I can rub up on that frame and throw that name brand shit on the floor Polo, designer names with them funny accents Throw the dick to the body in the red Corvette like sprint{?} Enjoy yo'self and enjoy your health is what I tell them burly bouncer niggaz that be actin off the strength that they big (yo back up big boy) I represent the skinny man with the snub outside of the club ("Enjoy yourself, enjoy yourself, enjoy yourself with me") ("Enjoy yourself, enjoy yourself, ENJOY yourself with me") ("C'mon ENJOY yourself - enjoy yourself, enjoy yourself") A here we go now, a here we go now ("ENJOY yourself - enjoy yourself, enjoy yourself") Yeah, a here we go now, a here we go now, uhh [Lord Jamar] Now what'chu come for? If you ain't gettin on the floor, sweat until it pour I thought you come to have a good time Hear some cats that really could rhyme Stood on the line, and paid Now I think it's time that you played Why you wanna throw shade in the direction of your own complexion Causin static like a real bad phone connection You can take that shit home, I'ma make that shit known If you wanna push it further, I'ma break that kid's bones Uhh, we tryin to get our party on And can't nobody fuck it up, bartender line 'em up Any future stars we gonna sign 'em up Lord Jamar, the producer of your finer cuts We make 'em loose and make the honies wanna wind they butts And reproduce just like a gang truce Everybody dancin in the same boots We all come from the same roots, what? [Grand Puba] ("Let's have some fun") uh-huh ("Let's have a good time, you and me") yeah yeah YEAH~! Move out the way it's Brand Nu's turn to shine Hurt emcees, grab the pine, and get paid no never mind One time as we sew it up like Dr. Frankenstein Chickens ride the +Pony+ cause the rhyme flow +Ginuwine+ As we do it like that, do it like this Shorty watch yo' step or you might get +Rocked+ like +Chris+ Are you feelin this? You dig the way it's goin down Now we back in town, watch all the chickens crowd around Niggaz try to duplicate our flow but it's difficult Like a game of Yahtzee, chickens stress me out like paparazzi Sometimes I flip a flow you desire How we blaze those trees and the {?} focus fire My rhymes carry like the weight on Barry Stack cheddar like +Holmes+ and buy homes like +Larry+ Be smoother than towel, plus +Sharp+ like +Al+ When you ballin everybody wanna be yo' pal, uhh No dilly-dally, baggin up the shorter Halle Bouncin in German cars, still playin Shark Bar Brand Nubian cats, here to make you have a ball If you don't rock to this, you don't rock at all! [Chorus] w/ ad libs The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Brand Nubian Album: Time's Runnin' Out Song: Go Hard Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro: Lord Jamar] 97 shit This ain't brand new shit What? Thought you motherfuckers knew [Lord Jamar] Yo it be cold as the fuck in the winter in New York No heartbeat, swoopin down on a nigga Politicians be deliverin speeches with forked tongues When I talk it reaches the young, plus teaches the dumb Look at the disgust at the slums, BROOKLYN Hustlin for crumbs where we musclin the shook ones You lookin down the barrel of a gun as your apparel's gettin run Narrowly, escapin wit'cha life That's what we call breakin the ice, takin a slice of the pie The makin it price, ain't no Jesus Christ when you die We goin through this life high, blowin the smoke in the sky Revoked my license for a D-U-I And I still have no trouble doin 95 on I-95 Bitch you'll never take me alive We makin strides, but still we got a long way to ride Strong with the pride put your longplay in and slide [Sadat X] {?} looks, throw them used girls against the wall Some kids that gamble are foul, cause the dice slide wild I'm like the {?} next edition that be grippin the roll I'm like the feelin that you get from gettin dough that's sold I told you once before I'm like the travellin man I smoke the A black since way back and stay black I'm like the mainline, here to shine, and I swear I be all out in the streets with my cats at 3 AM Hey count that thing over there, that's my money I'm not a rich man by far but I can manage a bill and flip a bill, and survive in this world I do things with skill, check it out I can stack up, pack up, move out like a gypsy "Wild Cowboys" steps from V-A to Poughkeepsie Haulin contraband, in a stolen van, driven by a white man Hey I'm all over this land [Grand Puba] Yeah~! I speak on it, give it to you like you want it Cause I need a fat wad in the year of Born God I hit you with the rhyme speak unique Make a stripper shake they buttcheeks, sendin competition up shit's creek Words spit from these semi-automatic lips And it don't quit, lockin microphones like a pit Bill Blassie, classy, like I'm sassy Twist they own chasis quite fastly cause the God's nasty I got to stack these chips and take long trips And that's how we doin, down low like crack brewin{?} Brand Nubian, one of the greatest rhyme styles Be the latest who can't fade us, check out the data Yeah nigga, still baggin free shit from Tommy Hilfiger Extra careful of the pocket digger Nine-seven, actin ninety-seven, and you ask that Cause that's who the fuck you lookin at The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Brand Nubian Album: Time's Runnin' Out Song: Somebody Told a Lie Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro] Yeah Uhh, uhh Check it out [Chorus 2X: singer] It's time for you to show some love (yeah) Hydro tip blow as we let one go (uh-huh, uh-huh) So what nigga, nigga what? (What nigga?) It's time to put it on and that be word is bond [Sadat X] Now my mind is more straighter than the one-way sign And for the record my past is checkered, with achievments For the dead, bereavements, heart-wrenchin An extension gives you 30 days, befo' the lights go out On public access, for success, stressin head beatin is defeatin why I'm here, why I got a glass of Chia I got a hold of a good job, reliable associates My books coincide, with the ride of a lifetime The untraceable, with no codes, stripped from my lymph nodes Arose, then explodes, grows And who's to say I'll save the overlord from sprayin be floored From my last before my chin hairs are clipped I'm in this spot called Two I's, down the block I'm seein 2 guys in McDonald's chewin fries, I'm think "Damn I love my woman!" In this strange universe, perverse, the black hearse Is shit gettin better? All y'all moist ladies choice [Chorus] w/ different ad-libs [Grand Puba] Now I got an Uncle named Humpy So you know I like my pockets real - lumpy While your style be - chumpy Crack your whole flow - like Humpty Dumpty Hon I keep raw down to the core, give you what you bargained for Sound like diamonds on velour, now My style be different, changin when I get the urge With Brand Nubian cats I merge with classic shit and then we splurge You know the deallys how these chickens get touchy feely when you doin Benjy Willie but I tell them bitches "Really?" I'm stingy, a nigga play the down-low and then G Plus I got seeds so I keep strings on my Benjis Uhh, one time for your mind down to your panty line Spit one line and get you open like a dollar $ign My shit's spectacular when I spit my vernacular Niggaz bite like Dracula, more accurate than an Acura True to what we do as we flip these flows for you Cause some of these emcees out here be soundin "DOO DEW DOO!" [Chorus] w/ new ad libs [Lord Jamar] The last man to represent, member of the 5% Born September 17 in '68, have you ever seen a rap that can asphyxiate, crowd participate? We accumulate Y'all niggaz dissipate, while these faggots figure skate a figure eight around the rink we paint elaborate landscapes For all my mans that's down in the clink We 'bout to bring this town to the brink I frown when I think of all y'all clown-ass niggaz that was down Lessons in life, don't question me, question your wife Affectionately, I gave her the pipe, she said my flavor was right The band major in a tan blazer Cut you a smile with my man's razor Brand Nubian style, but not a new ager In ninety-eight I got a new pager and dumped digits from my old bitches To all my thugs that wanna hold riches Even if you sold drugs, still show love [Chorus] w/ NO ad libs - singer only, repeat 1/2 The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Grand Puba Album: Reel to Reel Song: Check Tha Resume Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Grand Puba Maxwell] Check.. Well here's the good to go cause it gets good when it's goin It ain't so-and-so'n it's just Grand Puba flowin Stud Doogie, Alamo, on the ziggie rub the table Kunta Kinze droppin ? on some old, shake the leg shit Now it's time to flow, since we formally introduced us Jump up on the stage and watch the honies seduce seduce us Watch the three sprout beyond shadow of a doubt Here's the resume, for the day, you know the flav, skin out Here's the rootin tootin type of shit to make you lose it The way it should be done, so I know you won't refuse it It's on the reel to reely, kick shit on the daily Grab a 40 hit the floor like I danced at Alvin Ailey So honey don't front just winey wine Cause a bit bo-ty girl stay on my mind Here's Mr. Splendid, careful when I bend it Highly recommended flippin shit like I intended So here goes the flow, check how it go And don't act like you don't.. ("you should know") Ha hah! Next skit, on the stupid shit, this is how we flip the script Niggaz try to follow but come off it! Lone Ranger, not afraid of danger You know the shit is real so don't play me like a stranger Studda give a cut so precise like a guillotine The kid ain't Michael son cause I'm the one who hit Billie Jean Quick to say parlay, fond of Bob Marley You know the four one one hon, we're _Jammin_ So, clear the road, here comes Mr. Got-It-Goin-On Jump on the mic, grab my pay and after that I'm gone To Indiana, Virginia or Savannah A backed up town to give a shout to Susannah C'mon brothers cause you know what I'm talkin on Hi, how ya doin, Bill hit the joints and then move on The way we sway makes the others just fade away The name of this one here is check the resume So get with it, cause you damn sure won't forget Huh, you know how it goes ("you should know") Yeah yeah yeah, check the resume yo Uh! Hah hah, uh, hah hah! Uh, hah hah! Uh, hah hah! Yeah yeah On and on and on like this yo YouknowhatI'msayin? '93 flavor but we givin it to you in '92 this is how we do YouknowhatI'msayin? Pumpin it like this And this how we move on Grand Puba, Stud Doogie, Alamo style Word is bond, big up to the S.O.S. cause they do it best YouknowhatI'msayin? Pop in the house, Big Jeff in the house B.R. in the house, youknowhatI'msayin? This is how we flowin it on, time to get gone The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Grand Puba Album: Reel to Reel Song: 360 Degrees (What Goes Around) Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [GPM] Yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah "There's just one thing I wanna say.." [GPM] The reel to reel to reel to reel yo "There's just one thing I wanna say.." [GPM] Copy copy copy copy copy "There's just one thing I wanna say.." [GPM] We gonna hit it down like this, y'all know the flav "There's just one thing I wanna say.." [GPM] Uhh, Alamo, is you wit me? "What goes around comes back around again.." [GPM] Stud Doogie, is you wit me? "What goes around comes back around again.." [GPM] S.O.S., is you wit me? "What goes around comes back around again.." [GPM] Yo this how we gon' bust it down, yo you know the flavor "What goes around comes back around again.." [GPM] You know what time is it, check it yo, this how we flow [Grand Puba Maxwell] Here comes the Puba and you know I won't fake it Usually bust records on gettin butt naked Made for the Benzi, drive a nigga skins he pump the tape, grab your dick, get with the Puba frenzy C'mon honey sing, don't you, try to eject _Slow Down_'s what you say, once my joint gets erect Some try to copy but they just can't sketch it Some try to follow but they just can't catch it With the boom boom tap, yeah alla dat Huh, I'm livin fat, me fall off, there'll be none of that See who's the one to flip it? Quick to tell a nigga to zip it Stud drink the 40 cause we ain't got time to sip it Grand Puba got body Kick some of them, some of those, and some yardies As dope as they come, suckers sing or hum Don't try to step to this, you know your shit is slum First batter up well here's the pitch - it's a curve Second batter up because the first got served The one who arouse, as I browse for a blouse Kick styles by the piles, as I leave a trail for miles Skins when I please, hit from here to Tel Aviv I'm gettin G's, no more time for the line of free cheese Here's the four one one hon, the one who gets the job done I know you know the flavor of the Puba "What goes around comes back around again.." [GPM] Yeah yeah yeah yeah, na-nah nah nah nah, this how we bump it yo! "What goes around comes back around again.." [GPM] Yaknahmsayin? Big Jeff in the house, we gon' move it like this "What goes around comes back around again.." [GPM] Ha hah, Baby Pop Baby Pop in the house, bust how we bust it down "What goes around comes back around again.." [GPM] Y'all you know the flavor.. Sincere Allah, check check check check! [Grand Puba Maxwell] O-kay o-kay o-kay, what more could I say? Alamo get the boom and.. parlay parlay I'm far from the average, civilize the savage When I'm low on protein I'm with the bean soup and cabbage Skins on the diet, kick the flavor, cause a riot Do a show and get the dough and then I'm off to the Hyatt So tie me on the spliff, ain't no ands or if And if you really wanna riff you just might end up playin stiff Girbauds hangin baggy, Hilfiger on the top Knapsack on the back, that's just my flavor Hobbes As my man gives a zigga zigga, watchin three grow bigga bigga To Pos K, that's my nigga Here goes the wreck, whaddayou expect? If you wanna see some wreck, send cash, not a check Grand Puba, more than a public figure Quick to kick the bone up the butt of a golddigger Now Tic-Tac-Toe means I hit three in a row If I do a show then you better have my dough Low, low, well how low can you go? Call on Grand Puba if you really need a pro Cause my shit's more rugged than G.I. Joe Don't front honey, act like you know Now big up to my Brooklyn mob (Brooklyn! Brooklyn!) Big up to my Uptown mob (Uptown! Uptown!) Now brothers wanna diss me cause it's my turn to burn My best advice for the brothers is to sit back and learn I don't diss nobody to be somebody I just like to kick the flavor to make the people party See all I'm sayin, is respect due Those who tried to follow, sorry I left you Grand Puba, Stud Doogie and Alamo So if you ever want the flavor you know where to go Now how we go.. Yeah, ha ha ha! The reel to reel, yeah yeah yeah, this is how we move it You know the flavor, y'all know the flavor, you know the flavor Here we go yo, and you don't stop (big up to all the people) Big up! Big up! Big Jeff hold tight! Ha hah, ha hah! On and on y'all Time to get gone Word is bond The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Grand Puba Album: Reel to Reel Song: That's How We Move It Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Well that's how we move it 	This is how we move it That's how we move it 	This is how we move it That's how we move it 	This is how we move it Aiyyo Doogie how we move it 	This is how we move it Well it's time to kick the flavor with the you-know-who Stud Doogie, Alamo, and the one Grand Pu' Check out the ringle, hit the spot that'll tingle Make the hons wanna jingle, I stay crisp like a Pringle Check how we set off, last stop's where we get off You know it's flavor, three shots lick the glock off BUCK BUCK BUCK, you know how it go Grand Puba, Stud Doogie, and Alamo 	So what's the 411? Loungin black Hilfiger knapsack with a 40 in the back So hon shake the goodies don't front on the puddy With the rubber and the hoodie I peck the hole like Woody Show no shame, with everything to gain Honies always singin, how can I ease the pain? When they think I'm comin back but that's game This is the real, how I wheel and deal First round draft pick like big Shaquille O'Neal Shit's so dope that I might catch a steal Stud Doogie, Alamo, spin the wheel Cause that's how we move it 	This is how we move it Well that's how we move it 	This is how we move it That's how we move it 	This is how we move it Aiyyo Doogie how we move it 	This is how we move it I'm with this rich girl named Dawn, hit the skins on the lawn Ron Stud had her sister in the crib playin Twister They lived in Poughkeepsie, moms was a gypsy Pops was in the crib but he was upstairs tipsy Know I got soul, baby jump upon a pole Janet Jackson took a ride, she's no longer _In Control_ The bedroom worked, not a bone jerker Good like Black and Decker knockin skins from here to Mecca Like one two three, or A-B-C Or Do-Re-Mi-Fa-So-La-Ti Honey called me brilly, I told her she was silly Cut my ex-girl off cause she worked my last frilly The new skin shower, micraphone goer Girls follow me like animals did Noah From Tracy, to Pattie, Linda down to Tina Everytime I see some skins then pop goes the weener Puba, the devil roaster, I keep a tool in my holster Mess with me and I'll be on a wanted poster Cause that's how we move it 	This is how we move it Well that's how we move it 	This is how we move it That's how we move it 	This is how we move it You know the deal huh, spin the wheel Yeah, check it It's time to switch it up so I'll breeze back to the rest Put on some Polo gear and a baggy pair of Guess Put on my baseball cap, refill my knapsack This ain't Poltergeist, but I'm back! You know the M.O. on Doogie Alamo Cuts so sharp make like Shaft and get an afro Better yet you can take it down low Al's my man but that perm gotta go gotta go So all you copycat rhymers swine'n'dinin on the riblets Get downtown, see my mic on exhibit No need to worry, cause I'll be there in a hurry Yo hon I'll smack it out like Darryl Strawberry Keep your head spinnin, cause I only heard of winnin Played the game before so I can go the extra inning Grand Puba, Stud Doogie, Alamo here to prove it This is how we move it Cause that's how we move it 	This is how we move it That's how we move it 	This is how we move it That's how we move it baby 	This is how we move it Aiyyo Doogie how we move it 	This is how we move it The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Grand Puba f/ Mary J. Blige Album: Reel to Reel Song: Check it Out Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash 	Flippin the script, page one 	We got the real McCoy's in the house, the big kids 	Callin all the shots 	So here's the resume for the day, check it [Grand Puba Maxwell] Uh-huh, it's time to turn the page So check it out y'all, check it check it out (check it out) Check it out y'all, check it check it out (check it out) Check it out y'all, check it check it out (check it out) Check it out y'all, check it check it out (check it out) Well here's some reel type shit, Grand Puba with the singer Give thumbs up cause I'm glad I could bring her Honey clear your throat [MJB] Oooooh-hooooo-yeahhh! Yeah the shit sound dope Well here goes the skit, it's the kick a rhyme zing to the beat shit, that you wanna get wit Brothers try to copy but they just can't get it down right This is how we move it tonight So honey is you ready? [MJB] Yes I'm ready! So, kick the flavor, get the loot, and let's be jetti * Mary starts crooning * Aiyyo check it Well I'll be damned if I do, damned if I don't It's time to kick the flavor on the reel you think I won't? [MJB] And you know I come to kick the flavor too Well that's true! Now how we do? [MJB] I gets busy Aiyyo hon me too [MJB] And that's nothin Cause that's the way we do [MJB] So get ready (uh-huh) [MJB] Because you know the deal and what's the real thing Yeah yeah yeah! So let's get down, get down with honey from Uptown When I'm done with this I'll be around like James Brown Ain't no thing, honey JUST sing! [MJB] You know ahhhiiii-I, and youuuuuuu Uhh, yeah, we got it goin on (got it goin on) We got it goin on (got it goin on) We got it goin on (got it goin on) You got it goin on So check it out y'all, check it check it out (check it out!) Check it out y'all, check it check it out (check it out!) Check it out y'all, check it check it out (check it out!) Check it out y'all, check it check it out (check it out!) Uh! [MJB] You know, you know I know (uh-huh)   Puba knows, how to flow [GPM] So bear witness to the Grand Puba slickness   Better get your medication cause it spreads on the quickness [MJB] Take notes to what's goin on [GPM] Aiyyo, Grand Puba and Mary [MJB] Won't steer you wrong! [GPM] Hon it's just that shit [MJB] Let's get it on! [GPM] And on and on, and on and on   Aiyyo, some try to flow [MJB] But they just can't do it [GPM] But you know how that go [MJB] Ain't nothin to it [GPM] But, to do it, run right through it   Those who know the time, huh, already knew it   I drink a Snapple and I wet my Adam's apple   And head straight for the center, the dope style inventor   Quick to make a buck, cause it's not beginner's luck   Type of shit that hits, when you pump it in your truck   Not Ashford and Simpson, Ike and Tina Turner   Sonny or Cher, it's somethin dope on your ear   So whether Monday [MJB] Tuesday [GPM] Wednesday [MJB] Thursday [GPM] Friday [MJB] Saturday [GPM] It don't make a matter   This is the type of shit to make the pockets fatter   It's simply splendid, the way that we bend it   But it's time for me to jet, so I'ma let Mary end it [Mary J. Blige] You know, you know I know Puba knows, how to flow (got it goin on) You know, you know I know-owowwwwwwww (you got it goin on) You-eheheweeeeeee (uh) * Mary starts crooning * Yeah yeah "Oooh, baby yeah.." (6X) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Grand Puba Album: Reel to Reel Song: Big Kids Don't Play Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Grand Puba Maxwell] Wa-da-da-dah-dang! Check it		THE BIG KIDS DON'T PLAY Nope, we don't play	THE BIG KIDS DON'T PLAY Toys AIN'T Us		THE BIG KIDS DON'T PLAY Huh, we don't play	THE BIG KIDS DON'T PLAY Check it yo Here goes the flow, from your favorite dynamo Grand Puba, Dougie Mo', to show that we can flow slow Some of them seem to think, that they're-biggidu-bobbebly-swing Come on in, try again, cause here's the next one my friend We know what our people want, it's the REAL DOPE SHIT Twenty-four hours a day, THE BIG KIDS DON'T PLAY So you can relax, all your problems and you come you come you come Grand Puba's the one to get the job done Well then you knock knock knock upon my door door door If you really wanna see, God bo-dy Grand Puba is comin to slam it and you can believe it's no trouble to me Cause I wreck shop, on the non-stop, grab the big props Then I change it up a bit to flip it on some next shit That's how it goes when you got the Puba flows I guess I'm a natural, yeah How the chorus go?	THE BIG KIDS DON'T PLAY Here we go		THE BIG KIDS DON'T PLAY Nanana-nah-nah		THE BIG KIDS DON'T PLAY Huh, we don't play	THE BIG KIDS DON'T PLAY Parlayparlayparlay	THE BIG KIDS DON'T PLAY Check the resume Knock it off, because you know who's the boss When it comes to this type of shit, you know what time is it So, flow with the motion with the brother smooth as lotion I'm not boastin here it is because I have the magic potion Grand Puba the mad rhymin ravin God child With more rhymes than tokens in the turnstyle Check it, here goes a noise for the ghetto girls and boys I do it strictly for my people so come get your jolly joys Not the type to get some loot, then flip and be conservative I stay true, God Body, word is bond, with no preservative So cancel all the nonsense that you heard, thus far You wanted the best at your request so here we are! So call me the Grand man, I laid off the Sandman cause I like workin nights, I hit some joints and then I get into flights Then push Uptown to Shabazz, get a fish sandwich with bean soup Half and half, sign a few, autographs, jet back downtown, catch up with my staff Now if you think that you can follow this flow Please don't make me laugh You know why?		THE BIG KIDS DON'T PLAY Nope we don't play	THE BIG KIDS DON'T PLAY Ha-hahah-ha-hah		THE BIG KIDS DON'T PLAY Yeahyeah,a-da-day!	THE BIG KIDS DON'T PLAY How we go yo		THE BIG KIDS DON'T PLAY 			THE BIG KIDS DON'T PLAY 			THE BIG KIDS DON'T PLAY 			THE BIG KIDS DON'T PLAY THE BIG KIDS DON'T PLAY (repeats at intervals for the rest of the song) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Grand Puba Album: Reel to Reel Song: Honey Don't Front Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Yeah (5X) Aiyyo check it This is how we swing this Big kid flavor So come on honey, don't front 	C'mon honey, don't front 	Honey don't front, c'mon honey don't front Honey honey don't front 	C'mon honey, don't front 	Honey don't front, c'mon honey don't front Ha hah, you know what time is it 	C'mon honey, don't front 	Honey don't front, c'mon honey don't front C'mon honey don't front 	C'mon honey, don't front 	Honey don't front, c'mon honey don't front Check it No one's home, I'll be there in a sec And all I keep thinkin is wreck wreck wreck Ding-dong goes the doorbell as I'm straight for the nightie She said, "Hold on a sec," to make sure her crib was tidy I steps in, with the Puba grin And I say, "How ya been?" But all I'm thinkin is skins I said, "What's on the agenda for the night?" She said HBO was boomin and Foreman was about to fight Cool, I'm down to see him drop a body So I, dim the lights and it was me and this hottie Round one, round two and then the fight was through And I was thinkin all the things that I can do I threw my arm upon her shoulder, this is what I told her "Baby grab ahold-a I'm as solid as a boulder" She said, "Stop it!" She tried to change the topic I said, "C'mon honeydip because you know I wanna knock it" Then she broke down in tears And I've been waitin for weeks, but weeks feel like years "Puba, I thought you was a friend" I said, "What are you sayin hon, I gets no skin?" I gave her some advice I put the shit on ice And then I told her, yeah yeah 	C'mon honey, don't front 	Honey don't front, c'mon honey don't front Ha hah, c'mon honey don't front 	C'mon honey, don't front 	Honey don't front, c'mon honey don't front You know what time is it 	C'mon honey, don't front 	Honey don't front, c'mon honey don't front Knock it off, baby baby knock it off 	C'mon honey, don't front 	Honey don't front, c'mon honey don't front Huh See hon was a good friend, I seen her more than just a bend (What's a bend?) A bend is when you spread the skins Why pretend? If honey bend, the God is in She called me friend because she didn't want to see the Jim Now now-now now now just wait a sec In cases like this, the Puba usually gets wreck But this night I settled for a little raincheck Before I left I mmm-mmm'd all on her neck I like to civilize em first before I run up in Educate em then politely speak upon the skins I'm the type of nigga to be careful of a digger And I still can't figure how they try to play a nigga So, c'mon honey cause I know you're not a stunt But it ain't no need for you to front 	C'mon honey, don't front 	Honey don't front, c'mon honey don't front Honey don't front 	C'mon honey, don't front 	Honey don't front, c'mon honey don't front Ha hah, you know what I want 	C'mon honey, don't front 	Honey don't front, c'mon honey don't front Yeah yeah yeah 	C'mon honey, don't front 	Honey don't front, c'mon honey don't front Big kid flavor Sha-ah, sha-uh, sha-ah Sha-uh, sha-ah, sha-uh, sha-ah Ha hah! This is how we gonna move it on yo Give me a mic and I'll wreck shit Cause it takes less than a sec for me to wet shit But I just do my shows and catch the hoes and wear my 'Bauds And hang with those who I know are not down low foes Oh my lord, climb aboard, here's the love train Brother tried to hitch a free ride, back off shit stain We got the lingo, hon stop look and giggle Stud Doogie drops a beat and then we watch the ass wiggle Oh my good, this is how it SHOULD be done So c'mon hon I'm not Luther Vandross, Babyface, or Freddie Jackson That's OK, cause I still get a piece of the action Don't worry honey, cause we got things covered The best thing I left undiscovered We can get this 40, step to the corner and get this blunt It ain't no need to front C'mon honey don't you don't don't don't don't YaknowhatI'msayin? Let's get it on Ha hah, Stud Doogie Doogie Doogie Yeah, Ala Ala Alamo, you know how it go S.O.S., ha hah! Yeah, c'mon, c'mon, ha hah C'mon, c'mon S.D. pumpin this shit on the reel to reel Ha hah, let's do it like this Yeah, yeah, on the bug out, uh Yeah Yeah Yeah Ha hah, and you don't stop And you won't stop, and you don't stop Baby Pop, in the thing, knowhatI'msayin? Big Jeff is in the thing youknowhatI'msayin? Ha hah, c'mon, c'mon Time to shift The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Grand Puba Album: Reel to Reel Song: Lickshot Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash 	Alright y'all! 	I want y'all to put your hands together 	And to bring on a brother 	that's bound to lay more dips in your hips 	More gliiiiide in your stride 	And if you don't dig what's next 	you got the wrong damn address [Grand Puba - steadily getting louder] He's coming, he's coming, he's coming (8X) Bo! Lickshot for the blood claat talkin that what-not, Puba come and hit on the right spot Rhyme teller for the ladies and the fellas and I only kick the flavor for my fellow ghetto dwellers No rock'n'roll, it's just soul Ain't nuttin changed, I still like to hit the hole with my pole, smoke a stog' and then I roll And when my corn hurts I wear a Dr. Scholl I make beats, then I hit sheets Then I build with the Gods to get the addicts off the nod Grand Puba, and I drop a album yearly And I'm very nearly really come to droppin shit like daily My knowledge is bond, so you brothers better move on You brought your wack style, come play the horn Grand Puba Maxwell, not on the Hollywood tip Here comes a brother more than _2 Legit to Quit_ I'm not sleazy but I like it nice and easy Ain't nuttin changed, I still wear my hair peasy I like to dig it, that's how we done done dug it I tend to work for all the ones who like to wig it *samples cut and scratched by Alamo, including  "I got a story I want to tell you", "I like to tell it like it is"* "Second time around" [Grand Puba] Check, I get boom service just like room service And when I jump upon a stage I'm not a bit nervous I kick the reel to rell, I never been to jail Oops maybe one time but I had a good time I keep my pants saggin, I'm never lolligaggin Niggaz try to copy this they on the bandwagon I shake my thing I do I pull a hamstring and then I call a old fling Gotta Spike her and tell her _Do the Right Thing_ Ron Studda do the rap, Alamo'll do the overdub 'Fore we hit these 40's G, we gotta get some grub Grand Puba *inhales* Let me take a breather Get you hot like a fever, you'll be slammin even So don't bother, it's the new Godfather Tell your godson that Grand Puba is the one "Way back in, history, the Prodigal Son  was a, wealthy man" (2X) [Grand Puba] Sing it baby, ha ha ha, bust it No more skid row, can't get a show Time to kick a new flow, and make the dough y'know? I'm a Pisces I like to drink iced teas I'm a Reese's with all the pieces Or the Alomnd with the Joy, ten years from a boy When I work out Puba go see Roy's next to thirty-three, where Stud lives You won't catch the Puba doin nothin negative Now honey don't like me cause I won't dance like Hammer Honey ask Hammer, can he speak Puba's grammar? I can shake a leg if I want to, but I don't want to cause that's what my dancers do Now I give the next man his props But when it comes to micraphones, c'mon, give me mine Hobbes I won't diss the next brother to be great that's not my trade but every brother, ain't a brother, word to the mother or praises to the father, you wanna try to see this Don't even bother! Grand Puba, for those who came late You try to step to this, then I'll end up-state Word is bond, let's move on and on and on Here we go, here we go, here we go, here we go! Big up to my Now Rule brothers All the cool ones, not the fool ones And we gon' move it like this for the year ninety-two Big up to my man, Positive K Big up to my cousin Jeff And allatha and allathat This is how we gon' move this yo, word is bond S.D., in the house Definitely pumpin the shit like this And this is how we gon' do it yo Knowledge Knowledge Uhh The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Grand Puba Album: Reel to Reel Song: Ya Know How it Goes Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Yo Doogie let's hit this OFF yo Aiyyo check this Aiyyo Rob Sutton hit the button! Hah! Yeah You know time is it (3X) Check it check it check it out yo Check I beg your pardon who's the one with the roughness? Super extra toughness, Grand Pu-ba-la! See I'm the chosen, I keep the snakes frozen Check out how I blows in, girl it feels good when it goes in Here's the situation, supreme motivation helps me get the loot, and then I knock the boots I jump high like Jordan, Flash like Gordon 'bos, Girbauds and shorts is probably what I'm sportin Fuck what you heard, this is what you need to hear It's the same as last year, so _Step to the Rear_ Cause when I was a shorty couldn't wait to drink my first 40 Find an ex-shorty in the hallway and get naughty Jump on the elevator, hit the lights out My moms was a yardie so my pops kept a stout Ooh a young boy tipsy, that's without a doubt It wasn't hard to tell what the Puba was about Love the ladies lovely used to do it on my knees Certain honey got a problem go see Puba he can ease ya Here I am, and here I stand Honey all that good shit tell me, who's the man? From, here to Bangkok, I sign my John Hancock on the contract, it's like 1-2-3 Contact Kick shit on the really cause I do it on the daily Straight to the hole like my man Malik Seally I hit stunts, on occasion smoke blunts My moms don't like me cause I wear gold fronts If honey wants to flam it's no thing to me at all Alamo and Stud Doogie, it's time to have a ball I'm a go-getter, and I'm out to go-get If you're makin movies, CANCEL that shit You're still makin movies? Man, get your corder-cam Oops, cam-corder, but shit you know the order Couldn't get no skins, until you got a Benz Didn't have no friends til you started makin ends I see it daily, weekly monthly yearly Think you got it goin on? Really I never sold gems to the bums in the slums Only robbed devils, made a few number runs Brothers round my way they like to blabber at the gums Just jealous cause I got it by the tons Twenty fifty hundred, is how I count my bills Then I take it slow because it runs into the mills Brothers try to step to this but all they catch is chills No frills, Puba pays the bills Ron Studda spin the wheel back like his name was Pat Sajak on Wheel of Fortune.. that's how we keep it scorchin Alamo HEY, Sadat X HEY, Baby Pop HEY, now let me keep it rollin This is just the way I move to keep my pockets swollen Lights cameras action here comes Mr. Satisfaction I be maxin and relaxin til it's time to jump in the action Now for grown I speak with a tone which I choose to call my own Ghetto prone I guard the zone like the kid from _Home Alone_ Type of style that flows for days it's like it pays to save amaze Now I be careful on the lays because the AIDS are nowadayses Grand Puba, S.O.S., Stud Doogie, Alamo You know how the shit go! So Big Jeff HEY, B.R. HEY, Tislam HEY, Ja-El HEY Stud Doogie HEY, Alamo HEY, and Uptown HEY, Brooklyn HEY And here we go here we go make the dough yo Here we go here we go make the dough yo Now check it y'all I'd like to say peace to all the Gods and the Earths and the people of the universe Wanna let you know the black man come first So don't act up cause you might leave in a hearse Yo check this yo I wanna give a big up to all my Now Rule people You know the flavor, Projects M.O. Lincoln Ave. M.O., youknowhatI'msayin? City Park in the dark M.O., youknowhatI'msayin? Big up big up to all my people All that other shit .. is dead, dead, DEAD Word up I wanna give a big up to the stinkin Lincoln mob YouknowhatI'msayin? And we gonna bounce off like this Y'all know the flavor, A-B-C The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Grand Puba Album: Reel to Reel Song: Reel to Reel Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Grand Puba Maxwell] Here's that shit, yaknahmsayin? As we bounce it like this For those who don't like it.. UHH! Hey, uh, yeah, yeah YEAH Yeah, HEY! Yeah, yeah yeah yeah, HEY! Yeah, yeah, yeah, HEY! It's just that shit (just that shit) That same ol' shit (that same ol' shit) Yeah yeah, it's time to hit the wreck What you expect, check out how we connect Well it's the reel to reel (it's the reel) Well it's the reel to reel (well it's the reel) It's the reel to reel (it's the reel) Well it's the reel to reel (it's the reel) It's time to shake that shit because you know this one's the answer Hon's cut off, cause I smoke boom, my sign is cancer Time to clear the pack cause here comes Mr. Jolly RANCHER Who's gonna flip that shit? You know the ANSWER Jump into my briefs, because the boxers my jewels jingle I got a girl, but you can play me like I'm single Don't worry hon, my pops showed me where it tingle It's time to catch on, to this Grand Puba lingo No fuss, don't worry, Toys Ain't Us Some call me horny so just call me Mr. Lust Dope shit we got it so it's time to get retarded So play like Handiman and LAH GUU GUU GOT IT! No fakes see we got it what it takes We stay far away from snakes, sippin on the chitlin shakes You know the deal, on how we really feel C'mon hon, this shit is real Cause it's the reel to reel (it's the reel) Well it's the reel to reel (it's the reel) Stud Doogie Aiyyo it's the reel to reel (it's the reel) Alamo Well it's the reel to reel (it's the reel) Now back at it is a dope rhyme addict Niggaz try to copy but man your shit has had it So just let me do my thang, for all my people, hey hey hey! It doesn't matter the demo, just to keep it simple take the A-Train to the show so you can cancel the limo Stud Doogie, Alamo is on the top top (top top) And if ain't a zigga zigga then it ain't hip-hop (hip-hop) I like when girls shake they booty to the rhymes that I send em Some look good, so pardon if I bend em Used to live in the Rule, smoke a mic like Kools Niggaz that I used to swing with is smokin wools Damn they won't drop it, I strive to make them stop it That shit's depressin so let me change the topic Honey how's it feel when the real shit hits ya? (Hey yo Puba that shit is real!) Chill I get witcha Here's my number, just gimme a call * phone dialed and rings * * "The number you have reached, has been temporarily, disconnected" * Oh shit! Bust how I played her out Yeah fuck it so I go and get a GUINNESS STOUT Just waitin for the next young girl TO SPROUT Aw man, mommy better not LET HER OUT Grand Puba, Stud Doogie, Alamo to hit the RIGHT spot Back up diddy claat! Yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah, here's the resume for the day Check the 4-1-1 hon Now check it yo, before we bounce on off like we gon' end it like this, on that realism Yaknahmsayin? The flavortism, check it yo Do them one Now big up to my people in 60 (60) Big up to my people in 70 (70) Big up to my people in 81 (81) Big up to my people in 51 (51) Big up to my people in 80 This is how we move on, so don't act shady Grand Puba, Stud Doogie and Alamo Catch on yo, cause this is how it go Yeah yeah, ha hah! You know the flavor! Right up on out of here yaknahmsayin? The big kids in the house, Toys Ain't Us Word is bond, this is that high tech shit knahmsayin? (This ain't no Playland shit) Nah Great Adventures (or Ashley Park) All of that shit, Kingdom of Whatever I don't give a fuck where you're at This is where you got to be, youknowhatI'msayin? Stud Doogie how we bounce on, yaknahmsayin? Yeah yeah Coney Island, word up That's good The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Grand Puba Album: Reel to Reel Song: Soul Controller Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Yeah, uhh I'd like to say peace to all the Gods and Earths and people of the universe (peace Allah) Just wanna let you know the black man's first (Original Man) We gonna drop a little somethin like this knahmsayin on how we feel on the real, check it yo, uh-huh Who tells you when to work? (The Devil) Who tells you when you get a day off? (The Devil) Well who gives you your pay? (The damn Devil) And who takes it away? (The Devil) You mean to tell me that we're still not a slave in the land of free and the home of the brave? (mmmm) Knowledge Cipher, divided by Power Equals Wisdom But you know we have to start with Knowledge first Divine evil's what dispearse in a hearse Situation that we in, some people sayin that we're cursed The lack of the knowledge of ourselves makes it worse Science that we drop, make the average head burst So do the knowledge on the very next verse I heard a brother say, "I wash the clothes, I cook your food I pay your rent," now is that how the story went? Emphatically no, singer singin that weak wisdom knowledge Shit Haji God is here to cancel it So just ring the alarm, another Devil's dying, boooohhh Just ring the alarm, an Uncle Tom is tryin, boooohhh I didn't come to conceal it, I come to reveal it The True and Living God with the son of man (son of man) And if you ever need assistance just take my hand Black man be prepared cause here comes the Klan Now my great great Grand, was hung on a tree by the colored man -- you probably know him as a white man I seen a Oprah Winfrey show, she said that was in the past but [bitch], kiss my [ass] Now it's time to teach the people, why our people's not treated equal, here's the next sequel (speak on it God) Askin taller than the tallest wall, you ever saw Sincere gave the God a call, we boost it from the mall Long as it's a Devil I'ma take it If a Devil catch me right, I leave him buttnaked (yessir yessir) Word is bond, test the God, I don't fake it Yeah yeah, uhh Now here it go (here we come) The soul controller (soul controller) The soul controller (soul controller) The soul controller, yeah Now wake up, wake up, cause you went back to sleep Grab ahold of your mental cause this next verse is deep Now check out the thing and what they did to Rodney King That goes to show ya, who controls ya The Devil man when brothers went lootin in Cali they used the corder-cam, the same as the police man But I bet my last bottom dollar G The brothers that they picked up won't go free See I'm a, disbeliever when it comes to jungle fever Aiyyo God you trust the Devil? (Now Cipher) Me neither Now brothers say, "Why you diss the church like Ock?" Cause if church was good for us, it wouldn't be on every block of our neighborhood, just like a liquor store, it just ain't no good -- they represent the ten percent Now Momma Lova has no loot, but she'll spend her last dime to make sure her child has an Easter suit What is this with Christmas, I just can't see spendin your money, givin the credit to a fat man comin down your chimney (c'mon) I just can't see it, it's like TV tellin lies to your vision Haji God is here to make the incision The soul controller, uhh Yeah the soul controller, word is bond, the soul controller The soul controller Check it As we come with the twelve jewels we know and understand The Knowledge Wisdom Understanding It's Freedom Justice Equality Food Clothing Shelter And Love Peace and Happiness So as we say A-B-C The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Grand Puba Album: Reel to Reel Song: Proper Education Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Here comes the proper education 	* Grand Puba skats in the background * Rudebwoy! Fiyah! Here comes the rudebwoy, ah ahh! Proper education, education Proper education Proper education, education Proper education Now let me tell you folks just exactly what I mean The way they try to lower, the black man's self esteem Put us in their schools and I call em mental graves When they teach us bout ourselves, all we learn that we were slaves Then they say Jesus was white, understand that means that Mystery God in the sky's a white man These two things alone make us start to feel inferior Then we grow up thinkin they are superior Why does the black licorice taste the worst? Why does the black jellybean taste the worst? Why do the bad guys always wear black? Why is bad luck when you see a black cat? Cause they're workin subconciously, subconciously Workin subconciously Workin subconciously, subconciously Workin subconciously This is why we must teach our strong black nation Proper education, education Proper education Proper education Proper education Proper education Yes lord! Easy now star! Come again! Now they gave restitution to the Japanese You see they gave restitution to the Jews Now over 400 years of slavery rape and murder but I guess there's no restitution for the coons They wanna use us a tool, and also as a slave in the land of the free and the home of the brave Musa came to the cave and taught them Ock the tricknowledge that the Devil once forgot Now the ten percent rules over the eighty-five You see we have to do more than just keep hope alive I don't hope and I don't do dope but I still feel the pain from my ancestors swingin on a rope Now pardon me as I distill on a Devil's grill Now me trust a Devil, huh, I never will I just catch my ?, grab my button, put it on my lapel Grab my people and get out of hell See this is why we must teach our young black nation Proper education, education Yes Yes, we would like to say peace to all the Gods and the Earths People of the universe The original man I would like to say peace to my brother Tony X Yes Wanna say to my physicals, free the land A-B-C The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Grand Puba f/ Kid Capri Album: Reel to Reel Song: Back it Up Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash 	"easy back it up" Yeah yeah yeah the Reel to Reel 	"easy back it up" Grand Puba, Stud Doogie, Alamo 	"easy back it up" Kid Capri flippin shit the way it's 'SPOSED to be 	"easy back it up" 	BACK IT UP! And this how we gon' bump this off yo 	"Back it up, huh, easy back it up" [GPM] Hey! Kid Capri, here's the resume for the day [Kid] Check the prognosis [GPM] Here's your daily dosage [Kid] Check the 411 on how we flip it [GPM] Grab a bag of boom, and a 40, and just sip it [Kid] Grand Puba, Kid Capri is on that new shit [GPM] In ninety-two aiyyo this is how we flip shit [Kid] Don't be alarmed if we start to drop a bomb [GPM] Drop a bomb [Kid] Drop a bomb like some shit in Vietnam [GPM] Prepare yourself, cause here we come, if you ready or not [Kid] Cold bouncin in the joint, makin hotties hot [GPM] Grand Puba comes to hit it on the right spot [Kid] Kid Capri, cashin in on the jackpot [GPM] So [Kid] Here we go [GPM] Flip the show [Kid] Get the dough [GPM] Get the dough? [Kid] GET THE DOUGH!!! [GPM] Yo you know how that shit go 	"Back it up, huh, easy back it up" 	"Back it up, huh, easy back it up" 	BACK IT UP! 	"Back it up, huh, easy back it up" [GPM] Wow, yeah check test check 	"Back it up, huh, easy back it up" [GPM] Dig it y'all 	BACK IT UP! [Grand Puba] First things first, here goes the opposite of worst Slid out my mother's ass, looked at the nurse, and kicked a verse This ain't my man Heav's joint, so shit, here's a curse For those who got stuck, well KCUF means FUCK! That's what I like to do after the Puba makes a buck For those who say I suck well then step up and push your luck You're aced out, now your assed-out, I still hit joints til they pass out, at three o'clock I let my MC class out (UH!) So keep a clear focus, cause I say hocus pocus That's all I have to say to make the mob swarm like locusts (YEAH!) Then I climb the bridge, push Uptown to the ? to the Harlem River Drive to pick up Ali at the Rutgers Then we chatta-nagga-noogi, to go pick up Stud Doogie.. "easy back it up" Ha hah, so all you Grand Puba wannabees You better pack it up	"easy back it up" 	"Back it up, huh, easy back it up" 	"huh, easy back it up" 	BACK IT UP! 	"Back it up, huh, easy back it up" 	"huh, easy back it up" [Kid Capri] Now dig it Here's the kid, never did a bid Never hit skid, check out the shit I did Live in the Bronx, born in Brooklyn Chilled in Manhattan never got my shit tooken I'm easy on the flex, you know my shit is right We're goin on a flight, so hold on tight Kid Capri is on point with my man Grand Puba If suckers try to flex they'll get twisted like a tuba Never cause trouble, that's not my style Always on the move, stack papes by the pile I'm crazy on the low, but I go places though I always do a show so you know I got dough Girls try to sweet talk, but bullshit walk For those who try to hawk I stab clit like a fork I'm very intelligent, so don't try to play me Try to press the issue and I'll bust that ass baby I'm thick like a shake, very high yella Describe Kid Capri, Uptown's big fella So now you know the flavor, and please do me a favor Stay your ass out my path, cause I snap you like a gator, later 	"Back it up, huh, easy back it up" 	"huh, easy back it up" 	BACK IT UP! 	"Back it up, huh, easy back it up" 	"huh, easy back it up" 	BACK IT UP! 	"Back it up, huh, easy back it up" 	"huh, easy back it up" 	BACK IT UP! 	"Back it up, huh, easy back it up" 	"huh, easy back it up" 	BACK IT UP! 	BACK IT UP! 	BACK IT UP! 	BACK IT UP! 	"easy back it up" 	BACK IT UP! 	BACK IT UP! 	BACK IT UP! 	BACK IT UP! *fades* The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Grand Puba Album: Reel to Reel Song: Baby What's Your Name? Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash 	Yo G! What's the flavor on these skins you was talkin about the other day? 	Oh them ? G, yo I ahh told you 	I didn't tell you about them girls? Nah, you didn't tell me 	Aiyyo, she was definitely with the program 	but she tried to flam a little bit on on, ? though 	Well then I stepped to her 	I I yo I could get with mad shit you know 	This how I I kick it to her G 	Bust it *singing* Baby what's your name? Baby what's your name? Does she feel ashamed? I wanna wanna wanna know! Your name Baby what's your name? Baby what's your name? Does she feel ashamed? I wanna know I wanna know! Your name You look good Can I get to know you better? Stay awhile No other man can make you wetter Oh by the way My name's Grand Puba, I play no games and if the same why don't you just tell me, your name Baby what's your name? Baby what's your name? Does she feel ashamed? I wanna.. I wanna know! Your name Baby what's your name? Baby what's your name? Does she feel ashamed? I I I wanna know! Your name Well can we go out tonight? And sit by the candlelight? That's what I wanna do If it's alright with you You see, I can make you feel like a woman's supposed to feel I'm for real, that's the deal So come on baby tell me, what is your name? Baby what's your name? Baby what's your name? Does she feel ashamed? I wan I wan I wan I wanna know! Your name Baby what's your name? Baby what's your name? (What is your name girl?) Does she feel ashamed? (Yo G what was that?) I wanna wanna wanna know! Your name 			(Come in and hit the skins that night?) Aiyyo I'll never sing that thing I touch you and, I can't let go I can't go a day without Grand Puba (who?) Grand Puba (who?) Grand Puba (who?) Grand Puba, bust it (who?) I touch you and, I can't let go I can't go a day without Grand Puba (who?) Grand Puba (who?) Grand motherfuckin Puba.. *laughing* Let's get out of here That's how that story goes The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Grand Puba Album: Reel to Reel Song: 360 Degrees (What Goes Around) Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [GPM] Yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah "There's just one thing I wanna say.." [GPM] The reel to reel to reel to reel yo "There's just one thing I wanna say.." [GPM] Copy copy copy copy copy "There's just one thing I wanna say.." [GPM] We gonna hit it down like this, y'all know the flav "There's just one thing I wanna say.." [GPM] Uhh, Alamo, is you wit me? "What goes around comes back around again.." [GPM] Stud Doogie, is you wit me? "What goes around comes back around again.." [GPM] S.O.S., is you wit me? "What goes around comes back around again.." [GPM] Yo this how we gon' bust it down, yo you know the flavor "What goes around comes back around again.." [GPM] You know what time is it, check it yo, this how we flow [Grand Puba Maxwell] Here comes the Puba and you know I won't fake it Usually bust records on gettin butt naked Made for the Benzi, drive a nigga skins he pump the tape, grab your dick, get with the Puba frenzy C'mon honey sing, don't you, try to eject _Slow Down_'s what you say, once my joint gets erect Some try to copy but they just can't sketch it Some try to follow but they just can't catch it With the boom boom tap, yeah alla dat Huh, I'm livin fat, me fall off, there'll be none of that See who's the one to flip it? Quick to tell a nigga to zip it Stud drink the 40 cause we ain't got time to sip it Grand Puba got body Kick some of them, some of those, and some yardies As dope as they come, suckers sing or hum Don't try to step to this, you know your shit is slum First batter up well here's the pitch - it's a curve Second batter up because the first got served The one who arouse, as I browse for a blouse Kick styles by the piles, as I leave a trail for miles Skins when I please, hit from here to Tel Aviv I'm gettin G's, no more time for the line of free cheese Here's the four one one hon, the one who gets the job done I know you know the flavor of the Puba "What goes around comes back around again.." [GPM] Yeah yeah yeah yeah, na-nah nah nah nah, this how we bump it yo! "What goes around comes back around again.." [GPM] Yaknahmsayin? Big Jeff in the house, we gon' move it like this "What goes around comes back around again.." [GPM] Ha hah, Baby Pop Baby Pop in the house, bust how we bust it down "What goes around comes back around again.." [GPM] Y'all you know the flavor.. Sincere Allah, check check check check! [Grand Puba Maxwell] O-kay o-kay o-kay, what more could I say? Alamo get the boom and.. parlay parlay I'm far from the average, civilize the savage When I'm low on protein I'm with the bean soup and cabbage Skins on the diet, kick the flavor, cause a riot Do a show and get the dough and then I'm off to the Hyatt So tie me on the spliff, ain't no ands or if And if you really wanna riff you just might end up playin stiff Girbauds hangin baggy, Hilfiger on the top Knapsack on the back, that's just my flavor Hobbes As my man gives a zigga zigga, watchin three grow bigga bigga To Pos K, that's my nigga Here goes the wreck, whaddayou expect? If you wanna see some wreck, send cash, not a check Grand Puba, more than a public figure Quick to kick the bone up the butt of a golddigger Now Tic-Tac-Toe means I hit three in a row If I do a show then you better have my dough Low, low, well how low can you go? Call on Grand Puba if you really need a pro Cause my shit's more rugged than G.I. Joe Don't front honey, act like you know Now big up to my Brooklyn mob (Brooklyn! Brooklyn!) Big up to my Uptown mob (Uptown! Uptown!) Now brothers wanna diss me cause it's my turn to burn My best advice for the brothers is to sit back and learn I don't diss nobody to be somebody I just like to kick the flavor to make the people party See all I'm sayin, is respect due Those who tried to follow, sorry I left you Grand Puba, Stud Doogie and Alamo So if you ever want the flavor you know where to go Now how we go.. Yeah, ha ha ha! The reel to reel, yeah yeah yeah, this is how we move it You know the flavor, y'all know the flavor, you know the flavor Here we go yo, and you don't stop (big up to all the people) Big up! Big up! Big Jeff hold tight! Ha hah, ha hah! On and on y'all Time to get gone Word is bond The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Grand Puba f/ Brand New Heavies Album: Reel to Reel Song: Who Makes The Loot? (Bonus Track) Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash * DJ cut n scratch: "Everybody's talkin bout the" * (Grand Puba) [Grand Puba Maxwell] Bust it..  Who makes the loot? (Grand Puba) Who makes the loot? Who makes the loot? (Grand Puba) Well who makes the loot? Bust it Goodness grief, let me lighten up the brief Honies spell Grand Puba when they wanna spell relief Who is the man, more than a hundred grand? Give a pound to a friend, put a tool to a clown Damn, bang bang bang, Jimmy Coco Puff Who is the one who gives you nuff? Don't answer, here comes the flavor And you wanna ask what Grand Puba gave ya? Some dope shit, some real live shit Puba is the one who's givin fits A new style, new style, are you ready for this type? Now I rock hip, everybody's rockin hype On the very down low you might see me at a show If the show ain't for dough then you won't see the bro The Grand man, just as usual But let me slow down, cause I know I'm confusin y'all * DJ cut n scratch: "Everybody's talkin bout the" * (Grand Puba) [Grand Puba Maxwell] Bust it we gon' move on like this I once caught a bid, I never hit skid Never date a girl if the girl got a kid Nah, poppa's got a brand new bag And I never hit skins once they sag Guy says groovy, you like to see a movie? Stick it in easy, it comes back greasy First to tell you _Slow Down_ But be the second to take you Uptown I won't fall or fumble, trip stagger or stumble Not a soft sucker but I still come humble The next candidate, who holds all the weight It ain't him or him, you better get the story straight Ron Stud is my DJ makes the girl feel like it's foreplay Comin like a bull, so you better yell OLE Here is the one, I shine like the sun You get too close, you might get done Yeah.. Funky Ain't nuttin but funky It's just funky Aiyyo check this out The right type of hype This how we gon' move it for the 90's and the year 2000 Check it out Do the knowledge, this ain't no loop This is some real live funky funky get down on the get down And I'm flowin to this type of hype The bass player's real, the drummer's real The bass player's real, and the drummer's real Word is bond We got the guitars, everything is live Knahmsayin? Year 2000, it ain't just a simple loop, so don't get souped As we hit it with the Brand New Heavies Yeah The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Grand Puba Album: 2000 Song: Very Special Typed by: nelly@itis.com Hook: "Grand Puba is" (very special) uh ha uh ha (x4) Verse 1: Now many guys may come to you  With a line that isn't true And you, pass them by (pass them by) But it doesn't mean a thing Cause Grand Puba got that game so won't cha, let me try (let me try) Now just because I drive a Mercedes Benz (whooa yeah yeah) That don't mean I'm gonna be trickin' on skins See all I'm sayin' is (la la la la la la la la love me) It's Grand P (twist the L yo twist the L) See I'm sayin' just (la la la la la la la la love me) It's Grand P (twist the L yo twist the L) Here goes the man with the pecan tan The one who flims the flam the one who plays weak MC's out like ham I got the style that be bangin' When the flow gets to slangin'  I be leavin' MCs hangin'  On my jammy just swangin' So many brothers try to be me Only two can probably see me that's Ray Charles and Stevie My shit knocks from Lincoln popcorn down to Frangle Rock Me turn pop? Save that shit for Arnold Redenbach Cause when it comes to this see Puba's not a stranger Get the honies hooked like they kids is hooked on Power Rangers And I ain't goin' now where word is born  Cause I've been doin' this since Shay Shay Lafon I tell my record people everyday  We do this my way cause when it comes to my music I don't play I'll came and slay ya or I may ah Make sure my gettaway is more swifter than O.J. Because... Hook Verse 2: Well who dat who do dat? It's Pubat well true dat While some try stealin' but they just keep failin' Cause there's nothin' but smooth sailin' The way I bring it to ya hon  Leave another stuck my scoop is how I get it done There goes the little drummer boy so purumppapumpum It's Grand Puba hon I hit it ruff like ? and still puffin' stuff I smack some mingos and sit back and watch my pockets fluff Grand Puba here to get the party strarted  See I come with thee exotic While you're puffin' your narcotics I'll be damned if this don't hit cha where it's suppose to get cha I keep it flowin' now would I bullshit cha? I create styles and fashion with compassion While others are simply trashin' cause my shit is simply smashin' Stud Doogie still with me From, sea, to, shining, sea Hook The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Grand Puba Album: 2000 Song: I Like It (I Wanna Be Where You Are) Typed by: Crimedog30@aol.com Yeah Ladies and gentlemen, I've found him I want you to meet the baddest motherfucker (Right on, right on, right on) Who is it? Well it's Grand Puba honey With my man Stud Doogie love Droppin' 2000, dig the way this go down Check it [Verse 1] I hit a flow all dipped in lotion Sit back and sip moe as I'm countin' my doe Grand Puba macks well, Doogie, comin' with the New York We keep it real like jail when we might talk Honies know 'cause when I'm in the set Grand Puba is the one who makes they stink box wet So let me tell ya somethin' lady When ya flow this flow then its all cream and baby I made this one for the brothers in the party To find a hottie And dance body to body Step one: first you grab honey by the waist Step two: then you move at a ghetto pace Step three: then ya look her dead in the face Step four: now its time to leave this place Hold up, be careful of the cheesa's The teasa's, the one who wants the money and the visa's I'ma tell honies straight off the bat But please don't even go there with that, Dig it This ones designed to make your spine in your back wind Grand Puba lights it up for you every time Ooooh, yeah I like it  And ya say New York City (I like it) Ooooh, yeah I like it And ya and ya say New York City (I like it) Ooooh, yeah I like it And ya say New York City (I like it) Ooooh yeah I lke it And ya say ( I like it) [Verse 2] Could it be I've stayed away too long Seems MC's be wishing I was gone Because they wanna be where I are  But ya can't get that far So stop wishing on a star Its only one Grand P So honey do what you did on the night you creeped with me Its no doubt I come real with that The butter track The one that makes the honeis hit the bed mat Im energetic, poetic, athletic, with good credit  So just move like I'm simon and I said it Ya see my flow is just a step ahead I'm still wicked in a bed because I'm down right nasty like newlyweds So back up and let me breathe, 'cause when it comes to gettin' down I'm gettin' looser than a crackheads hair weave And I, bet ya my dolly, while ya never find another style like this  If ya search a million miles So why'n cha let Puba ingnite your party I hit a flow liike Al Jarrow But I've been doin' this for years I'm leavin' MC's in tears,tears; dig it Cause they fallin' just like the rain Grand Puba's too much for the brain Now gold diggers who try to get it I left 'em backwards, they thought they farted when they shitted Cause Puba's everything, and everything is Pu Cause I hit'em with the (one), and then with the (two)  Yeah, 'cause that's just how Grand Pu and Stud Doogie do Ya didn't know I was the bomb baby Somebody should've told you, somebody should have told you Ooooh, yeah I like it (I like it) Ooooh, yeah I like it (I like it) And ya say New York City Ooooh, yeah I like it (no doubt) And ya say New York City Ooooh, yeah I like it Ha ha, and ya say 'Cause we get down for ours we get down no doubt Down for ours we get down no doubt Down for ours we get down no doubt Down for ours we get down Cause we get down for ours we get down no doubt Down for ours we get down no doubt Down for ours we get down no doubt Ninety-five flav, and I'm out (Oooh, yeah I like it) (Oooh, yeah. . . . . I like it) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Grand Puba Album: 2000	 Song: A Little of This Typed by: nelly@itis.com Intro: (Let's do it) Yeah (yeah) get down situation get down no doubt 95. (We're talkin' 2000) How we represent. Come a kick it with  Intro: A little of this and a little of that (and a little of that) (x4) Verse 1: Check it I get the gumtions to make your conjuction function So honey get it straight or be on your roller blades and skate My style switch fast like a rash then it get you itchin' My flow is crisp like a bucket full of Cornnels chicken I mold the beat like pottery lyrics flow like blood through the artery With more rhymes then numbers at the lottery You know my stello have my doe and watch me drop a flow I wax shit up and make it shine like I was Mop & Glow So come on baby love let's put it on no fakin' moves Let's flip on it heads I win and tails you lose GOT CHA Grand Puba comes with alladat  Because I got more game then quarters in the laundry mat Uh we keep it tight the way it's suppose to be While jealous snakes say damn mon you should of swallowed me No doubt cause we hit 'em with... Hook Verse 2: Dig it I got to be one of the baddest brothers on the planet I'm baggin' honies and they all got bodies just like Janet I play it save never takin' chickenheads for granded I'm Superman and Lois takes my rhymes to Daily Planet I got more promise then timers who makes ? muffins I do more stickin' in chicken then Stove Top Stuffing No doubt about it hun I hit from here to China When I drop the D minor watch me soggy your vagina Grand Puba, Stud Doogie droppin' clonkite Prefer the chocolate like the outside of a Klondike That's how it go and tha'ts the way it's designed So you can Stoke Me Down I don't mind We keep it tight and that's the way it's suppose to be While jealous snakes say damn mon you should of swallowed me Hook Outro: You gotta be that shit (take your time young man). The way it's designed to ease your mind in the 95 flavor. No doubt no questions aked cause we fulfill that task. We keep it real like Jill youknowhatI'msayin'? We gonna move it on for the year 2000. Big up all you New York City style squads in it to the fullest. Live your life (x6) No doubt that's what we talking about. (C'mon and just get down) (With Grand Puba and Stud Doogie just get down) (x4) (Big Jeff in the hosue the Neyru in the house and the K to the I to the D is in the house. 2000. 2000 The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Grand Puba Album: 2000 Song: Keep On Typed by: nelly@itis.com "Check it out ch'all and you don't stop. Keep on and you don't stop" (x4) Verse 1: I knew from jump that my shit was gonna hit Cause I spoke to Dione Warick and she put me on some psychic shit She said becareful cause these girls be throwin' block I said D don't even worry I sweat no girl for they stank box I like drinkin' honey hit me a 5-1-6 Girl: What's a 5-1-6? Puba: Long Island you dumb bitch When it comes to this my style flows Free like Willy Watch me grab the cream like them Beverly Hill Billy I know you're happy with the shit you just bought It's the greatest return since Jordan hit the court Because my style changes frequently See I been shit talkin' mics since the days of delenquency Now I'm still the same low down gold teeth and Gortex And on occassion with the ruff sex Stud Doogie heats it up like a flannel Cause he's smooth as wall panel  Hits the one and two like a freebee channel I have no time for bullshitters I get bad honies jitters As I walk be all the chickenhead critters I got more funk then En Vogue got junk in they trunk My flow hits ya like a filty piece of skunk So Alley get the scomma fromt he dodge spot Put it in the L and get high like an astronaut Hook Verse 2: Now see they call me Mr. Mingo Got a girl but I'm still single  Honies scream my name (PUBA) like they just won bingo I take 'em out for a dinner or a show but you know how the rest go Hey man no doe You know the type you go out a few nights they sweat your pockets tight Cause they rock they're rockers right Go away little girl you gets nothing But here take a Bufferin to ease your pain and sufferin' Cause I'm so aware of too many things I know what I know if ya know what I mean Come clean because I'm a fiend for a beat and a theme Comin' strong like Hakeem and it ain't a dream Now is it me or is this hittin' like Tyson? Like a plate of beans and rice I be a needy winds on ice and Grand Puba, Stud Doogie on the nights I bag the dumb we hit a nut And then we back up in her guts See I get down and dirty like an arceologist I get deep into your mind like a psycologist I hit brothers in the head with the real  Bag honies like a charm cause Grand Puba is the bomb So come on baby there's no need to play dumber Or I be comin' around your nostrals when I cum So check it out now... Hook The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Grand Puba f/ Michelle Valdes Album: 2000 Song: Back Stabbers Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Puba] Yeah.. aight.. 2000 representatives comin to ya Yeah, here to talk about a situation you know that makes the world go round, check it It's on that love and hate tape, yaknahmsayin? Be damned if you do, damned if you don't But I'ma rap on it a taste, yaknahmsayin? I'ma let honey take it away, check it 	[Valdes] 	It's a thin line.. 	between love and hate It's a thin line (yeah) it's a thin line (uhh) 	If you feel the vibe.. Yeah.. no doubt 	It's time to set em straight [Puba]	[Valdes] No doubt, check it Well it's four o'clock, in the mornin Just gettin in, baby love's askin 	Baby where you been? Tryin to get mine 	But I've been sittin waitin all this time I got to grab this cream, while I got the chance Romance, without finance -- you know the rest, baby 	It's just a nuisance I'm sayin, act like you know Nuttin can't grow if the dough don't flow 	But I'm just tryin to get a-wit you Baby I ain't tryin to bullshit you Why we gotta beef on the same old shit? 	Because your friends you'd rather be with But when I'm with my friends, I don't go through that So you can pack your bags 	They already packed Well you ain't really my skin 	And your friends ain't really your friends Chorus: repeat 2X 	They smile, in your face 	All the time, they wanna take your place 	The back-stabbers 	Pocket-grabbers [Puba] I told my man that I gave my girl the outs Crib to the head, king size bed That love shit is dead, so let's call some chickenheads Tell em do the spread while we bein handfed We had it goin for the first two weeks I bumped into my ex, and she asked, could we speak? I told her made it quick, and this is what she kicked Dig it 	[Valdes] 	Hey baby how you doin? Fine 	I heard that you and your friends be havin good times No doubt, he come through in the clutch 	That nigga ain't really your friend What? 	I wish you wouldn't trust him so much You got a problem? 	I think you really trust him too much Cause he's the best friend, I got 	No he's not! 	The last time you went out of town Yeah? 	Guess who came creepin around? Yeah.. Whatchu sayin? 	He started sayin that you're no good for me 	But all that drama wasn't tryin to see 	Talkin bout all the other girls you got Oh the nigga went out like that? Oh shit! 	Steppin to me, tryin to blow up the spot 	Tell me boy, is that your friend 	Nooooo, nooooooo, noooooo Damn 	It's a thin line, between love and hate Love and hate, love and hate 	If you feel the vibe boy, it's time to set him straight Oh I'ma set that nigga straight 	It's a thin line boy, between love and hate 	If you take your time, it'll be worth your wait [Puba] Boy I tell you these days You don't even know who to trust, yaknahmsayin? That's how love do, that's how hate do, knahmsayin? It's all connected It's all injected, knahmsayin? The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Grand Puba Album: 2000 Song: 2000 Yeah, bleep bleep bleep Hey yo this is how we gonna hit it off... Chorus: So drop the Kronkite nigga (2000) Check out how we flip shit for (2000) Stud Doogie runnin' shit for (2000) Grand Puba flippin' shit for (2000) Here comes the brotha from the future Man, I got what suits ya Fake mc's go away and let your label prostitute ya Give me my space and let the swinger swing Nigga don't you know that Jane can't even stop this crazy thang I like to boast cause i'm the host with the most Bag a few honeys and i'm... (Space Ghost!!!) I got niggas head-bobbin' with no problem I kick 31 flavors so call me Basket Robbins, uhh I gets down cause i travel like sound Grand Puba's so fast they got my picture on a Greyhound Here goes the tizm, get ya lifted like izm If these devils ain't got my money then i got some off the prison So honey here's more than a rent For dollars and sense, see i leave shit bent So don't even come with that 69, hon cause i told ya last time, 68 and i owe ya one back up and let Puba do his thing,  cause a nigga wanna krib like Eddie Murphy had a boomerang So butt niggas get the steppin' I gets to the root like beer Lyrics flow like an automatic weapon You can't see this or much greater, rough like Terminator, sendin' niggas down like elevators So like Beavis and Butthead...(he he he he) Go away like 94, we drop the Kronkite nigga Chorus No shame in the game I puts the pedal to the metal Be a father to my son, ask the Bulldogs and pedal (?) Puba gots that shit that hits in every ghetto Straight from New York, L.A. to ____ Honey, there's no need to hunt Whatever you want, just make sure when you come you bring a blunt This is for the year 2-circle-circle-circle Niggas lookin' stupid like their spotted and they urkel  Did i say that? Doogie hits the scratch Niggas can't match, baggin' bootys by the batch That's how we do at a theatre near you Do the show, bag the doe and disappear like the zoo Then i hit home, to rest my dome Unplug the phone and put a joint on the bone I kick the style longtime ya know Niggas can't see this, so you know how that shit goes Nigga it's gonna take a miracle Call me a cab so i can ___ away and catch your hi-di-hi-di-ho Fuck that, my style's all that and a bag of snacks Ran through Jersey and the pussycat I'm the Scooby with the Doo I like my philly with the brew All ya'll niggas talkin' shit about Puba, fuck you... Ya know what you can do? You can lick the twins when i pull 'em outta skins And i put 'em in your face, you can tell me how it tastes Cause its the Kronkite, nigga Chorus The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Grand Puba Album: 2000 Song: Amazing Typed by: nelly@itis.com Hook: "Don't worry about" "Big money" "Can you dig it?" "Amazing" (x4) Verse 1: Well don't you know what time again for the big shot (BIG SHOT) Doogie Ready or not hit the buddah spot (BUDDAH SPOT) Time to get the cash (TIME TO GET THE HONEY)  Time to get cash (TIME TO GET THE MONEY) Check it I got the nack to put the groove in your back Squeeze a rhyme like a pistol cause I'm smooth as Harvey Grisco I come clean with more protein and overtein  The way I heat shit up you think my jaws was dipped in gasoline Whoa now that's a fire Puba got the hi-tech shit while other MC's come cheap like propiya So let's get down to the situation  Smooth like a Temptation Puba makes it good like penetration That's how it's suppose to be No question so don't you put a rush on me I'm not a rookie I'm a pro you see my flow Give me the doe you better ask somebody if ya don't know Hook Verse 2: Dig it, see I like to know where you got the notion Said I like to know where you got the notion Dig this, my beats kick you in the head like a Timbaland Me and my crew stay tight like the X-men I gets mean and then I turns into the Wolverine Then I grab the mic and blow the spot to smithereens I gets down for the money honey I got the style tha'ts real What's why brothers chew my shit up like Gummy Bears It's the New York shocker representin' like a Knickerbocker Watch me get it cookin' like Betty Crocker I'll make you trip like I'm indo smoke Cause I'm down right nasty like Diet Coke See I ain't no joke cause I got mad style wicked and wild Mama's second child throwin' rappers to the pile Games point blank call me Shabba cause I Rank Don't run around with toast cause my people on a tank Clown won't get me cause I'm God body  Moses asked me how to part the Red Sea Trippin' MC's up like astroturf Puttin' wack MC's outta buisness like Woolworth I'm a tell you straight off the god damn press I'm a handle my buisness right  Boy I ain't come here for no foolishness I hit the set then I jet  Can't trust a girl who couldn't standin' up tryin' to get a whole lot of niggas wet Because I con ya (Khan) like Chaka hit ya like a blocker Me and rhymes connect like walls and magic markers It's Grand Puba for the membrain Wiping borthers off the map so leavin' shit stains That's how I feel cause I always keep my shit on the Reel to Reel Makin' niggas happy like a kid with a happy meal So ah what you need to do is do a little dance Yeah smoke a little bud say what? Get down tonight uptown get down tonight dig it yo We gonna do a little dance do a little dance Some a little bud smoke a little bud Get down tonight uptown downtown get down tonight yeah Niggas hold tight uptown situation like always youknowhatI'msayin?  All day, mash ya, one time. Doogie love , hold tight nigga. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Grand Puba Album: 2000 Song: Don't Waste My Time Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Puba] Yeah, uhh Alamo Productions proudly presents a head-banger, check Chorus: repeat 2X 	Look at that sexy mama 	She sho' likes to grind 	Look at that sexy lady 	Please don't waste my time [Puba] I'ma tell you now that girls just ain't right Let me tell you bout this episode I had last night I takes me a shower then I grabs a quick bite Then I called Doogie Love to find out the kronkite, dig it Somethin's goin on -- an industry party downtown I'm comin to get ya nigga so, listen for the horn Before we hit the location, gotta pick up Alamo and get a bag of situation, now we downtown four blocks from the spot, time to park the car Honies outside, knowin who to give ? But you know how niggaz from the projects are Free drinks til ten, yo money, where's the fuckin bar? Honies all creamed out types and all lookin cute Me and Doogie same ol low-top baggy jeans and boots Body bangin, tits hangin, while we profilin Me and Ali' mad geeked off Long Island Uhh! Picture that, but then it dawned on me black honey set them traps, that's why Tyson was where he was at They want you for your name and fame, quick to get buttnaked When you play em out, they run and said you tried to take it That's why I don't talk to those, who like to pose in videos with no clothes, and groupies at shows Cause I know what's goin on, you won't catch me in the wrong Don't even try it baby, dig it Chorus [Puba] Well times is gettin drastic, time to pack the plastic Slide up in the wrong one, you'll end up in the casket No not me, I'm more careful see I make sho' I can't catch that old HIV But I tell you entertainment is some shit These groupie girls are sick Do most anything so they can get picked to come to your, room, smoke a little, boom Hear a little tune, after that, zoom zoom! No thanks, I'm only here for the bank And I'ma tell you point blank, won't let my dick walk the plank I hate to bust your bubble, so be out, on the double Cause I know how you groupies are, and I don't want no trouble So give me my cash and I'll pass on that ass When it comes to hittin ass, on the road, I'll just fast 	But don't you talk about skins all the time? Baby not ALL the time, but, when I do talk about skins, they mine I refuse to go out, like Magic Johnson; have to retire cause I touched a live wire, now my shit's on fire I travel in the name of Allah Won't be a fallin star for no hooker in a bra, that's dead You won't, roll me out, on a stretcher cause my second head, led my first head into bed So baby gets to steppin, be gone 'Fore you nigga make a move like that just make sure you put a rubber on Chorus The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Grand Puba f/ Sadat X Album: 2000 Song: Play It Cool (Chorus) Play it cool and move it slow.... (Sadat X) The nature of these humans is to wanna see rip Is to wanna see a fight and say should not write I say let bygones be bygones and let's make this cash Let's get this doe and astill let niggaz know It's alot of bad bitches in Atlanta New York is there and it's ripe for the killing I say hit me wit a stack, let me live, let me do mine Let me be aight, when I rest in the night If you want it, you can get it Don't make theatrics if you got soft tactics There's alot of actors out there in the movies And even more actors in the rap game I keep my shit in place so I can reach all my people So I won't confuse the words that I choose The Brand Nubian combo, Grand Puba ensemble Will make a nigga hungry, give him a piece of fried fish Known Alamo for 25 years So when I say pass the beef, then Ali passed the beef Wack rappers be sliding by the skin of they teeth No label could ever be able to stop me They might try to prop me. put me on promotions, but yo, fuk that Just give me my money, ain't a damn thing funny ?(real lust)? Life is a 3 ring circus, all of the ups and downs of the carousel That I knew so well, check it out Cuz money's what the two's all about Chorus (Grand Puba) Keep it going, no doubt, no doubt, no diggedy Hey me and Doogie bag mad doe Wit that nigga 'Mo, niggaz try to see it but they moving (move slow) So tell me what the fuk is it Weak cyphers can't wait for the God to come and visit Niggaz don't know on the d-low Me and my man Sadat is mad (cool) and we bagging doe So save the boo for Betty, I shred niggaz like confetti Bagging loot and I'm jetti, so are you ready to learn Of putting niggaz on ruin, coming stronger than Ewing I put the tic wit the tac cuz I'm the knick wit the knack So save the patty for the wack and it'll stem from the crack You know what, I don't hit guts of no nasty sluts Or get strung on butts, I just hit 'em wit the roach deluxe Cuz Doogie, you know how shit do So Sadat, let's bag this money, then push back to the bungaloo Go and tell your motehr, it's return of the blues (We can do it better) so fuk them others Cuz I ain't trying to hear it Then if time and giving loot, I be fuking five women The location now, we don't even ask while Lyrics so deep they keep passing you by I'm cutting niggaz down like drive by Niggaz can't keep, cuz yo, money, your shit is dry Grand Puba, Stud Doogie This is how we flow it on, Big Jeff, let's get it going on Chorus The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Grand Puba Album: 2000 Song: Playin the Game Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Puba] I Self Lord and Master  Chorus: repeat 4X "You're playin a game.. it's all plain.." [Puba] Uhh Here go the style to make the young girls smile They go wild when Grand Puba's on they radio dial Alamo hit me off with the butter cream Watch me run the ghetto scheme, givin all the honies wet dreams I'm gonna hit you where the drip go drop and make your whole body tickle as we smack the nine-nickel, so here we come, here go that flow son I be the one who get it done and I ain't done until after honey come You see my flow is great, no greater If there's one thing I can't stand, it's a motherfuckin playa hater Cause they hungry like Wally Gator Why jealous niggaz try? I ain't Woody and this ain't Woodpecker Pie Is it cause who we be they hear us on the radio and see us on TV Or just, playa hate us, be undercover Jealous cause we MC brothers That's the way, it, goes You know it's 2000, playa haters need to stop, come on Chorus [Puba - over chorus] Yeah Tryin to jam wreck for the next man, yaknahmsayin? Cause they don't understand, you know? Playin that game, yeah See I'm the type of guy that'll say - hey baby, let's get away Let's go somewhere far, dig it Cause I'ma put it on the mornin, if it's on it's on When I'm goin I'm gone, it won't stop the dawn But I be careful cause the monster be lurkin Some honies got it bad where them rubbers don't be workin Some stinkbox are like that Park called Jurassic Slide up in the cut, it burns your rubber up like acid So if you're playin them games, you best be careful Don't let the 5-1-6 make you dareful There you go, feelin good, you're out of town And it's one of those nights, you feel like gettin down You ain't choosy on the honey you picked No glove on your stick, you just wanna hit it quick So you get down for your crown to represent Honey's runnin somethin, cause that short stay loot is spent There you go, slidin raw dog again Now you're singin New Edition song, "Is This the End?" Chorus (repeat to fade) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Grand Puba Album: 2000 Song: Change Gonna Come Typed by: nelly@itis.com Intro: Yeah positivity over comes negativity check it.  A gat don't make you a man cause a man made the gat So stop with the black on black (x2) Verse 1: We got black on black Black on crack  Knowledge of self is what the black people lack Grew up in the projects with the welfare and the food stamps Modern day concentration camps Where we lost all our unity Because the negativity pulls us down like gravity Black people on eath others back  Little shortie sedated thinkin' the way out is by selling cracks I seen black borthers cry like day by day the number multiply And the devil don't give a damn long as a black man kills another black man It makes his job more eaiser  As the tick goes with the tock he's just gettin' sleezier and sleezier Here's a good example of yourself  Talkin' about a devil on a record they put you on the shelf As long as you talk about "Yo I bust this nigga and I bust that nigga" You grow bigger as a rap figure But that's still black on black welcome back  It's time to graduate from that Hook: Change gon come change gon come time to free the dumb time to free the dumb (x3) Change gon come say what say what so get up out the slum Verse 2: Now let's deal on the real don't you set sick of this? The way we hate eachother the shit's rediculous It's time to move on to the next phase  Cause there's too many shorties gettin' boxed in the grave Some think respect is an uzi or a tech But when he steals your intellect it's like a rope around your neck That's the 2000 tricknowledge  That's the shit you won't learn in college brother You get to be strong you got to hold on You got to know the ledge before you hit the edge Time to get wise and civilize Open up your eyes all three eyes and recognzie What your doing all that bullshit you pursueing Put your whole life on ruin Let's kill the black on black vigga Cause it only gets us locked up or in the box quicker And that's ain't how you get the cheese Cause now ya locked up or gunned down by your enemy But I'm a deader that gat Remember a gat don't make you a man cause a man made the gat  Word is born  Keep it true God keep it true (x8) Puba talking: KnowhatI'msayin'? Time to civilize you know get wise. Think. Stop and think youknowhatI'msayin'? No doubt. Check it so just...  Stop think, listen to the God hear what he's sayin'. (x2) Hook Outro: No doubt I'd like to send this one out to all the people still striving and stugglin'to keep it real youknowhatI'msayin'? Not actin' like we keepin' it real no doubt. Peace and love. That's D on the hook off. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Grand Puba Album: Understand This Song: Grand Pu Typed by: bootleg210@msn.com [singing w/ ad libs] - 6X Ooooooooooh-oooooh... It's Grand Puuuuuuuu... [Grand Puba over singing] Uh... Yeah... Grand Puba... Uh... We bout to put it down for y'all tonight Already... yeah... I'd like to say peace to the Gods and the Earth People of the universe... Uh... I'd like to say peace.. To my Brand Nubian brothers... Lord Jamar.. Sadat X.. Alamo!... Uh, it's going down... Right now... right now... Uh... Grand Puba... 2002.... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Grand Puba Album: Understand This Song: All Day Typed by: compbuttons@hotmail.com [Hook] All day (Yeah), word to Mamba (Uh huh) We gon' freak this (Uh) we gon' freak it, keep it movin' (Uh) All day (Yeah), word to Mamba (Uh huh) We gon' freak this (Uh) we gon' freak it, keep it movin' baby (Uh) Ya know it's got to be (The Grand Puba) Don't do shows for free (We need paper) Handle ya b-i-z (At all levels) In this industry (Watch the devil) Like em' they don't like me (So whatever) That's just how it be (It's Rising Sun Records) No more slavery (Right now, right now) Y'all just pull for me (Yeah) So throw ya hands up high (Uh) And if ya feel me we gon' get it crunk tonight (Uh) Ya know and if ya are that good (Uh) Then ain't no doubt about it, we gon' keep this hood for you (Uh) So come on get up let's do this with the Pu (Yeah) No need to stand around because we came to move (Uh) So tell me what chu' wanna do We gon' keep it movin just for you, all day (Already, already) All day (For sho' for sho') all day (Uh, uh) All day, all day (Here we go, here we go) [Hook] It ain't a problem that I can't fix Got DVD and navigation up in the whip So if a bird give me trouble Put her ass out on the double Give her bus fare and call it a day I don't play With these chicks who have conscience That's why my two-way got caller ID to block the chickheads knockin' So let's get it on, let's get it on What chu' sippin' on, something strong, something strong Grand Puba to the t-o-p Honey throwin' them curves like El Duque Came up from the food stamps to big shopping sprees I'm only speakin' French to chickenheads, oui oui Cause I was caught up in all this physical attraction Now I'm strictly Benjamin and Jackson It's all day, everyday we don't play Watch me and shorty blend like we Hen and Alize' All day (Uh) all day (Every night) All day (We keep it tight) all day (Yeah, yeah) [Hook] Grand Puba got it, just like Sam Goody So let's go ahead and get this started Shorty gotta be a half a dub if I parted Equal to my whip because I only ride exotic If she not, watch me indo her when I do cotic WHOA! you OK Just get up cause we keep it movin' all day So what chu' waitin' on it's time to get it crunky crunk If the chicken off the wall and crackin'like they Humpty Hump I'ma put it on ya just thought I'd warn ya East Coast, Dirty, Midwest to California I start, explore a hot broad like Ford Slap a H on my chest and then I handle it accord Didley, I be the nigga with the free If you can't use my mama comb I can't bring you home So hear me when I say We lay it down like big breads on top of Parkay Keep it fat like the FUBU clothes, hey hey hey All day (Yeah) all day (It's every night) All day (We do it right) all day (Yeah, yeah) [Hook] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Grand Puba Album: Understand This Song: Issues Typed by: compbuttons@hotmail.com Yeah...yeah...yeah [Hook] Now if ya tied of bein' poor (Yeah) Everytime you walkin' out cha' door (Yeah) Or you got no place to live (Yeah) Cause ya moms done bounced you out the crib (Yeah) How it go, oh oh oh oh, uh Oh, oh, oh, oh ya got issues Oh, oh, oh, oh Oh, oh, oh, oh ya got issues [Verse 1] Now don't cha' feel absolutely dead with no bread Smoke head, eyes red, ready to fill that metal up with lead The get cha' some, spit cha' dum dums and flip yums Stuck in the slums cause all ya pockets got is bread crumbs That's when ya moms stops frontin' You ain't gon' lay around my house all day, doin' nothin' Playin' Playstation, deuce deuce and hide ya bluntin' Better get cha' ass up, get a job or do something Close my door, I don't wanna hear that shit tonight She right, sleep all day, run all night Tryin' to live nice in the gangsta's paradise Rock some ice, stack some chips, bounce our whips The ghetto life might be a struggle Life is one big puzzle, where Rotteweiler grill cats get muzzled I know it be hard to do ya thing When you livin' like a peasant but you feelin' like a king [Hook] Ain't that the girl ya really love (Yeah) But she play you like a scrub (Yeah) She doin' mad shit to make ya bug (Yeah) Every week she's in the club (Yeah) How it go, oh oh oh oh ya got issues Oh oh oh oh Oh, oh, oh, oh Ya got issues oh, oh, oh oh [Verse 2] You got some chicks that act brand new Cause the got their nails done, a new outfit, some ice and a hairdo They wanna play the club, stress a dude with the hottest car That got Mo and Cristal lined up at the bar Whether they entertainer or ghetto superstar Not all chicks are like that but you know who you are Actin' like Frank BaDoob be pimpin' you She trickin' fuck it She wanna glass of champagne out the bucket Here bird, I mean love then you take it home and pluck it Write it off, a business expense, tax deducted Now you gased up like bean soup Think you in the loop but you back in the chicken coup In the biz I got trickin' recruit Last time you seen him when he dropped you on ya stoop The man don't want chu' and the next man dissed you Seems you got caught up in them everyday issues [Hook] If ya man is actin' foul (Yeah) On them streets and runnin' wild (Yeah) And he thinks he's a playa till the end (Yeah) Even fucked some of ya friends (Yeah) How it go oh oh oh oh, ya got issues Oh, oh, oh, oh Oh, oh, oh, oh ya got issues Oh, oh, oh, oh [Verse 3] And now ya got ballers then ya got ballin' pretenders Who's honeys kind of thunder but they like to hold within Frontin' pullin' jiu knots outta places Hand full of aces outlined with big faces Spend ya last dime for a nice piece of shine I know, I did it when my ass was runnin' blind False advertisement, you wanna front for the chicks Meanwhile ya seed need a pair of kicks Gucci, Iceberg downed life is great B Cause I got shoes from Crocodile Dundee Ya flossin' poppin' bottles like ya hit the lotto Got chu' poppa livin' like you Ricky Ricardo Got a lot of friends when ya got a lot of ends A lot of friends pretend when they know ya trickin' ends Ya girl tried to tell that these dudes be usin' you But these be the issues that we all go through [Hook] Oh oh oh oh, ya got issues Oh, oh, oh, oh Oh, oh, oh, oh ya got issues Oh, oh, oh, oh Yeah...yeah...yeah The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Grand Puba f/ Tiffany Johnson Album: Understand This Song: What U Gonna Do For Me Typed by: compbuttons@hotmail.com [Hook: Grand Puba and Tiffany Johnson] What you gonna do for me, hey If I spend this dough Nigga don't try to think, oh That I'm just one of these hoes I'm just tryin' to holla at you, hey To see where your head is at Don't think cause you bought me a drink, oh That you gon' have me on my back [Tiffany Johnson] He loves me, nah he loves me not He probably thought I was in love but I loved his knots It's hard to resist, shit what type of offer is this Niggas drive me nuts cause all they offer is dick Oil me up, talk slick, say what they will But the last time I checked, dick don't pay the bills Dick can't get a crib and dick can't get a car If I decide to buy up will I get that far What chu' thought, I should go ahead and extort Combin' through dough, brushin' up my credit report Play what I'm dealt, that attitude placed on a shelf Shit I act like I'm the only child and play with myself When you wax off I wax on Twist trees so I can get a lil' higher Like steppin' in platforms In the supreme, then I'm spillin' the beans Switch ya shit like gettin' chips from a vending machine [Hook] [Grand Puba] Is you a gold digger or is you diggin' a nigga Dig the way I put it down or tryin' to dig in my figures See I don't stress ass, I play McNabb and pass Put some ass next to money watch me snatch the cash I might beat it up, send it along If I don't recognize you next time I see you Cause you got clothes on Listen Mommie Playa, playin' me is no chance Better off in a titty bar doin' a lap dance I'm not new to this, recognize them hoes like Ludacris Gotta be inside of her mind before we reach the whip You know the situation, no chicken chasin' Bounced more chicks outta my Cipher than immigration Cause this is Grand Puba How you like to bring it on Chicks doin' flips yellin' rah, rah, rah It ain't about what I'm gonna do for you Fuck the dumb shit baby, what chu' gon' do for me [Hook] [Grand Puba] Uh, wish I with it is you single or committed Niggas got the full court press tryin' to hit it OK miss, we gon' do it like this I'ma spend a lil' dough, buy you a big bottle of Cris..co Go fry some fish yo, you know how the story go Gotta get to know ya before I start trickin' dough After that we see what's up, I tell ya what we do Take a ride in the truck up to FoxWood Casino P caught trial up or we can keep it ghetto Play the crib and get stuck Crack a bottle smoke a lot with the flat screen, what I'm far from Armani Watch me slide up in the cut Like a thong up in a fat girl's butt That's heavy, make chicks bounce ass like a Chevy I hold it down like I arrest revies Grand Puba, you know how I'ma flip it Gotta buy a car, whip, doughnut And change up to plane tickets so [Hook] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Grand Puba Album: Understand This Song: Don't Lie To Me Typed by: bootleg210@msn.com Uh... Yeah.. yeah.. Yeah.. yeah.. yeah.. Know the game! [Repeat 2X] You ain't got to lie to me Ain't got to lie to me You ain't got to lie to me Ain't got to lie to me You ain't got to lie to me Ain't got to lie to me You ain't got to lie to me Ain't got to lie to me [Grand Puba] Everything was good, we signed up on the dotted line Bullshit advancement thinkin everything was fine Up in the studio workin every night and day For some strange reason, the work don't match the pay Now I'm feelin like a slave, Kunta Kente The A&R tellin me, what we can't say Brand Nubian y'all on some different shit B It's gon' be kinda hard to get y'all on MTV, yeah Now we on a roll, promo tryna blow (Uh-huh) Family can't see 'em, livin off bullshit pediem Runnin around the country, assed-out and half-naked Three niggaz splittin a dollar-fifty off a record Listen here yo, this shit here better blow Cuz we ain't gon' see no paper till they get back all they dough From the studio, photo shoots and dough for clothes Advancement and shit, and not to mention videos The way we gon' eat, then we gotta do these shows I'ma keep it real witcha, that's how this shit goes The name of the game is "tough luck" if you don't know I wish somebody woulda schooled me a long time ago About the samplin and shit (Uh-huh) How much those artists get The mechanicals of royalties and publishin and splits We was happy y'all just being on tour (Yeah) Until we learned the game, then the attitudes inflamed Household names, pockets didn't match the fame And at the same time drop knowledge for your brain Before you sit down and sip the Cris' and celebrate (Yeah) Be sho' fo' sho' nigga that you got yo' business straight Cuz once you sign on the dotted line it's too late For the next five years, the recors label got yo' fate You ain't got to lie to me... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Grand Puba f/ Sadat X Album: Understand This Song: What's Up Wit It Typed by: compbuttons@hotmail.com Yeah, yeah, yeah Grand Puba, yeah [Hook] It's you and me (Get up) Right now (Get up) on the floor (Get off) Doin' things (Get up) what's up wit it What's up wit it, what's up wit it It's you and me (Get up) Right now (Get up) on the floor (Get off) Doin' things (Get up) what's up wit it What's up wit it, what's up wit it [Grand Puba] As I do it like this I be some where on the top of the list Makin' classic joints way before "The Source" exists No ice, maybe just a lil' bit on the wrist And doin' this since Hot 97 was crisp Now birds wanna press but I ain't with all that Do y athing, ma no hatin' I just did all that It's all good, a nigga been bouncin' hot shit through the hood When only two or three cars came with wood A legend MC Never got rotation on MTV That don't bother me, got mad love for BET You can bet cha' last dub Every time that I drop I get l-u-v So get up, ain't no need to play the seat now Put em' cause ya know we bring the heat now No time to waste cause horsin' be coursin' Watch me scramble words like they be chicken abortions [Hook] [???] Yo, I'm from a place where niggas pack rhymes like a loaded nine We self-exploit signs and explode in your corroded mind I zone the line, I cross it Ya got the strong arm, enforce it I dare ya Like these crooked as jakes, niggas compared to snakes First mistake thinkin' I bluff then I get irrate Ya best make side stakes, thinkin' I'ma fall Y'all do this just for love, y'all niggas got some gall I'm the answer on the mic like A.I. on the ball If you talkin' money I'm part of that conversation If you talkin' funny, plannin' ya expiration And I ain't even hak on niggas, it's just the truth I rock with a crooked tooth My bedroom's the mic booth I'm 80 percent proof, 20 percent show 50-50 on the dough, 50 percent chance ya live If ya ain't got 50 percent to show [Hook] [Sadat X] I think I just found the sound that we was lookin' for It's what I have to go downtown to the booking for My four eyes could've saw right through her thighs Intertwined bodies, I don't really play the party These fraudulent niggas handshake me to death The industry types try to mop up what's left By the code of my dead ancestor's, no doubt All four wheels, so we can be out I drink the mean green six pack And keep police back at bay Work or play, I stay a beast She bitin' on my ear, telling me to release I'm for this winner's side Straight rims and Chucka Tims Black leather, black all weather skullies And 20's of dro, I'd thought I'd let you know That I'm a be here till the black wax melt I'm felt like the Garden fight On my arm is something tight [Hook] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Grand Puba Album: Understand This Song: Dreams Typed by: compbuttons@hotmail.com Uh, uh, yeah, ya-yeah Ready, ready, ready, ready, uh [Hook] Now everybody wants to be rich (Yeah) Nobody wants to be poor (Uh huh) Every day ya hope ya hit the lotto (Uh) So you don't have to slave no more (Yeah, yeah) In the hood we flip things to them fiends (Uh huh) Cause even hood niggas got dream (Yeah) Every day we get caught up in the struggle (Uh) So we can live life, love, and bubble [Verse 1] Some jump up in the music game to get the green Some do the acting thing to blow up on the movie screen Some play ball hope they're drafted by a pro team Some say "man I'ma play the hood and serve the fiends" Some go to school and after that do that college thing Some drop out, get high, play the hood and bang Some do the Wall Street, investors, stocks and bonds Some don't do shit and still home chilin' with their moms Some move faster, get their Master's Doctors, lawyers, self-employors Some do Mickey-D's or some food spots Some be radio jocks and slice niggas at barber shops You got blue-collar cats, you got white-collar cats You got no-collar cats tryin' to stack a stack You got cats who spend all day sippin' And you got cats who just layin' back pimpin' [Hook] [Verse 2] Now you got some who play the store and boost gear And you got some who hustle heads doin' here And you got some who secretary, bank tellers And you got some who just look good for they fellas You got some who's independent, doin' they thing now And you got some who wanna be they just don't know how You got some who babysit, daycare and shit And you got some who hate they job and wanna quit You got some who housewives, wanna stay at home And you got some who's big bosses like Sylvia Rome You got some who shake for dollars, slide down a pole And you got some who stressed, playin' the mommy-daddy role You got some who spend their whole life savin' You got some who's lookin' for that rest haven And you got some who tell that boss to kiss they ass And you got some who think makin' sellin' ends [Hook] [Verse 3] Somebody tried to tell you Heaven or Hell is when ya die Got chu' guessin' there's a better place up in the sky See I see Heaven and Hell right here on this planet Earth But mostly Hell ever since my first day of birth I've seen Heaven from a distance, use my persistance Overcome resistance and get me some Ain't no money trees sittin' outside ya front door Get up and handle yours if ya tired of bein' poor [Hook x2] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Grand Puba Album: Understand This Song: Understand This Typed by: bootleg210@msn.com Uh.. uh.. (yeah) It's on.. it's on.. (uh-huh) It's on.. it's on.. (it's on) It's on.. it's on.. (uh) [Chorus: Female + (Puba)] Let's get it crackin (That's that shit) We get it poppin (All night long) Tell me whatcha waitin on (Shake that shit) No need for hatin on (On our shit) We keeps it raw (Yeah) And that's for sho' (Fo' sho') Get it on the floor (Uh-huh) Whatchu waitin for? (Uh) Understand this right now (Understand this) Understand this right now (Understand this) [Grand Puba] Now for those who don't know me, or those who forgot Guess who came back to blow the God-damn spot (Puba knows, ?? knows) If you back that thang up on me watch it grow This is for you haters who doubt me For you ladies who be thinkin about me Who can't (Be without me, pee without me) Style inventor, make ya party hot when I enter Five percent of the one who vibin for a Riker Summer, winter - flowin since the days of the center If I, bent her, slid up in the skin like a splinter The flamethrower lock it down like a boa If she's anything less than a dime, I don't know her Make ya system rattle like a whole herd of cattle Unseen wolves stay prepared for the battle I still can't swallow what they done to dude Diallo I guess I be a legend cuz I smashed the Apollo [Grand Puba] I'm the always complimented, never compensated Rich think I'm poor and the poor think I made it I'm underrated, complicated So highly advanced, from now on when I write rhymes I got a post date to seven years ago I made that album Two Thou It's 2002 so I'm seven years from now Back from another planet, where everything be organic Where the ugly chicks be lookin like Janet So hold that (hold that) I went from skinny to fat Now I'm back to "all that" liftin three off the mat Well God-damn! This shit stank on fire like a gas tank Let's work it out like Billy Blanks The hot shit to keep the E light from flashin off the pocket Rotisserize them chickenheads like I'm Boston Market We spark shit, make it hot as hot can get Forever dawg it don't quit [Grand Puba] Let me see that... I.D., so I can verify that age Ain't tryna have po-po come and snatch me off the stage I move faster than a New York minute First grade the first time I got suspended The first time I rubbed her ass, the class winked and hid it Used to cruise the projects in my toy car tinted with the next-door neighbor daughter in it Now I'm movin asses for a livin For you haters, forgive and forget It ain't no givings I'm that rafter, knowledge power My dawgs understand the culture, but hold on lemme translate that Knowledge power, that's fifteen Understandin culture's number thirty-four Big Oak that's my dawg, better yet my handle's like Kobe's But in Dolby, sip on Sobe while I politic and business with Gishobi and ya don't quit Grand Pub' from Problem House show me love if you like the way I {*hauch* *skirt*} [Chorus] - 2X Chorus 3rd time w/ fade out halfway The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Grand Puba Album: Understand This Song: Baby Mama Drama Typed by: compbuttons@hotmail.com Yeah...uh...yeah...uh Grand Puba...yeah...uh Let's talk about it, huh [Hook] If ya have a kid with a chick then I hope that chu' love her There's no stress like Baby Mother Some of these girls use a baby to get back at a brother Cause it ain't the same as it was Some cats bounce, leave the chick to play the daddy and mother It's all about the kid and not her If you and her don't work out then you still gotta handle your's nigga So handle your business nigga [Verse 1] She got chu' for everything The crib and the whip and the bling, ka-ching Now if ya ain't feelin' shorty like that Then you better put it on, put it on, put it on, put it on And shorty if ya feel the same back Then you better tell dude put it on, put it on, put it on, put it on There be a whole lot of seeds made from Hennessey and trees Once you raw dog hit it The ya ass done committed Cause ya dick is thinkin' Too many trees, too much drinkin' A one time resentment got you a lifetime commitment You hate her now You tell her get rid of that shit But she had three abortions already so she's keepin' it Now ya got drama with ya soon to be baby mama Nine months of pregnancy No hair no seed It takes two to play Connect that seed with that ay So ya better strap it on if ya goin' all the way Best night of ya life could be the worst of ya days She'll have you unjust rappers talkin' bout chu' got to pay [Hook] [Verse 2] Now it's mommie's baby, daddy's maybe If it go like it supposed to then the shit go great You know what's up, if in doubt, do without Or get that funny feelin' when ya ass is pullin' out Like, what I just did I hope I ain't make no kids Every week you callin' (Yo you get cho' period?) Some cats handle they biz some leave mothers stuck Seed growin' up not knowin' who they daddy is Misguided, undivided, tryin' hard to find it Only seein' life one-sided Come on do you But if you got a seed make sure you do em' to The same fuckin' way that chu' would do you That's what's up, some more hood drama And the baby daddy frontin' and it just be baby mama A little bit of something Is better than a whole lot of nothin' Cause nothin' from nothin' leave ya nothin' [Hook] [Verse 3] So tell me why oh why Why did I hit that straight up I hate them chicks who threatin' niggas with that court shit That support shit, knowin' a nigga bought shit You don't want her so she really on some sore sport shit It ain't about that seed no more, it's all about what she can get But that's that bullshit but that's how some of em' do There's only gonna be more drama if ya find somebody new Now she hatin' you, ya ass is really due If this new chick that chu' got is lookin' better than she do Cats be flippin' too, soon as she find somebody new They be loungin' in the crib, you be like who the fuck is you [Hook] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Grand Puba Album: Understand This Song: Up and Down Typed by: bootleg210@msn.com [Grand Puba] One one Two..two, one two Yeah.. [Verse 1] Right now, Grand Puba 'bout to blow this mic out Got'cha movin like roaches with the lights out Finger-lickin like chicken in a dyke's house Don't stop, get it poppin like Redenbacher Move more feet than Koreans in a nail shop Keep it ghetto like Bodega's after twelve o'clock Shorty shakin like a chick up in the booty spot That's what's up, can't you smell what the Pub-ah cookin Got a girl with a wife on his side and still lookin You know my style is +Always+ like Coca-Cola I flip out like Skytel-Motorola In two-thou, my new Benz is ridin solar And my seed got a V8 in the stroller You know the 4-1-1, see it's time to make the paper pile Ain't no need to act funny style [Hook] Ain't no need to stop (Uh) Puba 'bout to drop (Yeah) Get that ass (What?) Out on that floor (Uh-huh) Know we keep it hot (Yeah) Give it all ya got (Uh) Move it up and down like a Chevy 6-4 (Yeah) You know how it's going down Grand Puba is back in town Baby ain't no time to climb Go up and down and up and down [Verse 2] Now you may ask yourself who the hell I be Some consider me, a legend emcee Who never wear platinum or wore less gold I been makin y'all move since I was nineteen years old Listen I've been ballin in this game a long time Been through more counties than the Greyhound line Grand Puba, Brand Nub' affiliate Twelfth birthday I got my first Big Willy pit Mad love for the game ever since I was a youth Used to set up my equipment on the project roof Two turntables, microphone, and some vinyls Now I bounce through town in a smoked out rider Let's get it crackin if ya know how it's goin down Don't stop, get it get it, shake ya body to the ground Grand Puba gettin all up in that skull Shine so hard I make ice look dull [Hook] [Verse 3] Grand Puba still settin new trends (Mm-hmm) Still runnin with the Nubians (Mm-hmm) Still in the Range when I'm not in the Benz (Mm-hmm) You don't know, ya better ask your friends (Mm-hmm) Who wants to be a millionaire? Buy a mansion next door to the Beck's in Bel-Air and chip paper like he don't care Buy all the shit that you want and need In the Y2K I'm like the gameshow Greed [Hook] {music to fade} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Grand Puba f/ Tiffany Johnson Album: Understand This Song: What U Want Typed by: compbuttons@hotmail.com Uh...yeah, yeah Grand Puba, uh...yeah Grand Puba yeah [Hook: Grand Puba] Just feel me now, it's time to do this here Pull the clutch and pop that ass in gear 2-K-2, well baby it's our year No need to fear because Puba's here So ain't no need to be curious Listen, love this is something serious Don't stop girl just hurt shit Work it, work it, work it [Grand Puba] Me and you, one on one Baby don't stop now, cause here I come It's the Grand Puba baby and I think you aught to know that Don't forget mommie, write it down, take a Kodak Shorties feel my flow, always wanna know my Zodac Pisces at one time but it changed into dollar sign It only takes one line for me to make love to ya mind Dose of it and get a feel free to press rewind Know for spittin' flames, watch me drop it like some rain Lop side em' in this game, so you tell me who is sane Styles so sick my engineer's a paramedic Shorty could I what, no sugar I'm diabetic Grand Puba garbage, not in ya wildest wishes Decide to crack it on the corner seein' the full click [Hook] [Tiffany Johnson] Miss Prissy, straight from the big titty committee Low down and gritty, hickey'd up plus strictly dick me Nervous, best believe that shorty work this Pop lip service, tip of the tongue tap cervix Cry baby, dangerous my curves get Never fuckin' with Johnny 5 niggas with short circuits R rated and stay heavily sedated Half black and half native get pages from plays, uh The pussy smile when you lick shots like fo' pounds Got me wetter than the ocean, don't drown Sex me on the average, call me mamacita Puff reefer up in killer Cam, horse and carriage Bastards, yell 96 backwards, shakin' our asses And easy is not the access Niggas ask for sex, I'm actin' deaf Leave em' cashless, money magnet Practice my bad habits [Hook] [Tiffany Johnson] Listen, you must be gettin' me confused with chicken Holdin' ya jewels politickin'' pissin' in mouths The obstetricians that use two fingers like Richard Nixon Rodeo addiction, more than one position Longer than the eye but really Raised higher than the papa willy Twist my nipples better than Phillies Cop a tone, give it three rings, pick up the phone Niggas fiend to get in my jeans like the chromosome Check the sex, the voice ain't baritone Shit ain't fully grown, drop me off at home Better yet let cha' tongue roam Ya options blown so baby stop and where we hop in the zone Turn hard niggas, even looks can be deceivin' Divine speakin' unleashin' vaginal secretions The nigga hungry this evening, I'm gonna feed him While bitches givin' and fuckin' for things ya put cha' feet in [Hook] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Grand Puba f/ Khadijah Mohammed, Lord Jamar, Sadat X Album: Understand This Song: Keep it Movin' Typed by: compbuttons@hotmail.com [Khadijah Mohammed & (Grand Puba)] Oh (Yeah) ooh ooh ooh ooh (Come on) come on (Uh) ooh ooh (Grand Puba, huh) ooh (Lord Jamar huh) ooh (Khadijah huh) ooh ooh (Daty X) [Chorus: Khadijah] How far would you still feel me if I didn't make these hits Couldn't get you what you're used to sipping Cris and taking trips Would you still be in my corner or be on some other shit But if so, then I don't need you so let's keep it moving bitch [Grand Puba] Uh, everything love long as paper keep stackin' Kisses and hugs on some lovie dove shit Niggas on the grind cause we keep you smilin' Paper get low you get on some other shit I know ya whole style, whole style Ya got a lot of bullshit behind that smile Ya main concern is bling, mink, and crocodile No love for niggas who don't make the paper pile I feel ya, feel ya Style been all good from the giddy up, from giddy up Nights on the town used to live it up, used live it up Joints blaze in the trunk used to beat it up, used to beat it up Wrappin' hundred dollars bills in my homeless cup Next day 5th Ave. shoppin' Gucci bag coppin' Paper stopped droppin' attitudes started flip-floppin' No worry bounce the bird in a hurry Little did she know my setback was temporary [Sadat X] We can play home As long as you can play with the dome A cold killer, drink a cold can of Miller Turn me off black than a Mike J. thriller Now we all alone, body is bomb Ass much fatter, what the fuck is the matter Always talkin' shit about all of these niggas All these niggas tryin' to seize these figures Ridin' in the two-seater, ridin' with the heater If I meet her tonight, can I beat Do it taste sweet, would I really eat...Bon appetite Is it facts or fake Me and old girl could always swing But why every time got to be on me Cause y'all bitches know that shit is free Now I'm back in the streets before 10:30 Gotta take a shower, can't leave my dick dirty [Lord Jamar] Now when a nigga had money, you was there Funny how every time I turned around, you was there When it was time to get your hair, your nails and your gear But at my court date, you failed to appear For my case on appeals, it took over a year In that time, a nigga didn't see nor hear Got to the point, there was no respect at all I was shocked when you did not collect my call Spent nights in my cell just beatin' my dick Thinkin' bout, how we used to fuck and shit I took you out, bought cha' ass a bunch of shit When I get out I'm gonna fuckin' punch this bitch right in her mouth Cause she don't understand the rules You don't bite the man that dipped your hand in jewels You were there when I bought the rock that blinded you Now a nigga locked and I can't find you The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Grand Puba & The Restless Album: Understand This Song: Spazz Out 2 Typed by: compbuttons@hotmail.com [Hook] This is for my niggas on the block, yo spazz out Everybody in the spot, yo spazz out! You feminist cause it's hot you wanna spazz out! Just wild out to this cause we don't give a fuck My thugs doin' biz, yo spazz out Them young niggas on the strip just spazz out You on ya own, you wanna live just spazz out Then just wild out to this cause we don't give a fuck [Verse 1] We rappers, we chrome witty type This to my niggas blaze a fifty light What and get cha' high on Ya shit is on dubs nigga, shit get cha' ride on We gon' spazz out, get drunk to this From the top y'all know y'all can't fuck with this The R-E double S with the Grand Puba Picture us stackin' down, shit we came too far We done paid our dues, still in the game Why these niggas actin' like they can't feel the pain My thoughts is deep, Suburban slang up with heat Talk is cheap, just show me money, them big faces Been down since RUN-DMC with big laces Tapes, diamond nigga we bout to hit that Hit it at the club all y'all hoes gon' bizack Big exec checks, bitch nothin' less And I pull on the strip with Jets, Harley nigga [Hook] [Verse 2] I'm a street nigga, load up my heat with hollow tips Acknowledge this, go against the grain and feel stiff rain We big stings, stackin' our safes to capacity Force tragedies, a thug mentality Test my heart pumps blood We can throw slugs or shoot the fifth, call me I'm all for it, I don't care bounce ya fair or where ya from We can act dumb and leave niggas backs numb I wanna eat on some legal and shit But I was born on some evil shit Ridin' ways, my childhood is far from forgotten days See moms locked away, that's why I hate cops today So I cop the yay, lock the block, pumpin' trays If I reach and shoot, believe that niggas lay But I went through my trigger phase Now I want a bigger case Fuck dippin' jakes now we sittin' great [Hook] [Verse 3] Yo, it's a shame how these bitches wanna know if I'm holdin' a knot Haters on the block, gassin' us from holdin' a glock And I'm looney too, Big K big way My mental states I been through breakdown airway Bottles or rat, nigga straight sleep with the fishes My team is vicious, holla at the baddest bitches Know what I got, hit the crib hot cold to rock Steamin' off the top then my soldiers box Flip the score, plot ways to hustle on tours See these hit the pipe, fuck up they jaw I'm livin' ya rap, hot weight I'm triplin' that Pack 22s, come on y'all I'm fuckin' with macks Laid back, spazz like I did five flat I'm in the biz, stressed blowin' bogies back-to-back Ya know the click, Harley ya know he spit Know we sick, one of the connected click yeah [Hook] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Grand Puba Album: Understand This Song: How Many More Typed by: compbuttons@hotmail.com Pour it out How many more gotta die How many more mothers gotta cry How many more locked away for life Just tryin' to get a piece of the pie The struggle continues, we hate each other And we don't know the reason why, petty shit Crabs in the back room, holdin' each other back Until the day we die, uh I been droppin' knowledge like this for a long long time They don't feel me When I strive to help the dumb deaf fly Long as I'm sittin' bullshit is just fine But when I speak on them, that's when they draw the line Conspiracy is a theory, let's promote the black-on-black Niggas don't know how to act Let em' send each other back Too many shorties dyin' everyday Too many niggas bein' locked away Realize what's really goin' on And how the black community got so torn How many more mothers gotta mourn He didn't make eightten and he's livin' in the lawn Somebody tell me what's that all about There's too many shorties checkin' out My nigga's locked up for a lifetime Didn't even get a chance to use his lifeline The game is setup for you to lose So watch the po-po cause like Tom they cruise Focus get cha' head straight, fix ya plate Learn from others and don't make the same mistake Know who you are, where ya at, and where ya goin' The worst thing about life is not knowin' Knowledge break it down it's know to ledge Cause if you don't know the ledge you droppin' off edge The hood drama is horrific Enough ghetto tears for years that could fill up Pacific I'm not standin' here tryin' to be no preacher But each one, teach one, hope I reach ya See I'm here to enter brain then I entertain Those who lost one in the struggle, I feel ya pain Cause everyday somebody else is gettin' blown But we don't moan until it hits close to home Hear me y'all cause the numbers seem to multiply And that's the reason that I ask myself How many more gotta die How many more mothers gotta cry How many more locked away for life Just tryin' to get a piece of the pie The struggle continues, we hate each other And we don't know the reason why, petty shit Crabs in the back room, holdin' each other back Until the day we die, uh The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lord Jamar f/ Kasim Allah, Raekwon Album: The 5% Album Song: Original Man Typed by: Cno Evil [Intro: sample (Lord Jamar)] All the brothers from Brooklyn, will you raise your hand, thank you... All the brothers from Manhattan, will you raise your hand (uh, uh) All the brothers from the Bronx, will you raise your hand (yeah, a Universal fam) All the brothers from Queens, will you raise your hand (oh.. NGE) All the brothers from Staten Island, will you raise your hand (uh, ok) All the brothers from Westchester, will you raise your hand [Lord Jamar] Yo, check me out, General Monk-Monk style Run devils across the desert, two thousand, 200 miles And make 'em walk every step of the way Strip 'em down, take everything away Send 'em to the mountaneous caves Two thousand years of lonely stage Musa slept in the ring of fire Bringing knowledge of how to steal & be a liar He tried to be a civilizer, thirty three & one third degrees Wiser, we taught him how to build a home And how to live a respectable life And how to master the original man Which was the plan of the father as a boy Now six years old, playing with steel He saw opposites attract and that everything's real And if you put your mind to it, by the force of your will The thoughts manifest to be able to kill I'm just glad we to the point, that we able to build If we could only stay able, maybe we will [Chorus 2X: Lord Jamar] Original man is first I wanna say peace to the Gods & the Earths My universal fam, living out the universal plan Aiyo, tell 'em who I am (G-O-D) [Raekwon] We at the minds prayin', nickel bags of black Foto stacks, it's ganja season Yeah, now, what up, my dude 'lax Yo, blowin' coffins, keep bagging We gon' show the government it ain't about blacks It's only bout stacks Furnish labs, ballin' crabs, Houston Oiler mask Reeboks, tennis yellow, fellow goin' mad The game is stupid, these teams, they keep sneechin' yo What's the reason? Too much pussy, to get records to rag, yo I'm one of the rap's boldest, fold-smith Paper cut in my hand, I got eleven fingerprints, hold that Back to the filty ugly, Bugsy, rugby thugs With no love, slugs, silver ones throw these Split niggaz temples, forget, the shit's freshly squeezed Roll that Nestle, the vet's seen in rentals Fly language, lick the sawed-off and spray you Aiyo, Allah is one, I'm done, no playin', nigga [Chorus 2X] [Lord Jamar] Yes, last Sunday of the month, so to Harlem we went No clubbin', for parliments and Harriett Tubman Peace to the Gods, peace to the Earths Peace to the Seeds, peace to the Birth Of the Nation of the Five Percent, rap sent Intelligent brothers, to represent Allah Justice made the knowledge born You find the Gods from the jails to the colledge dorms You got to 'know the ledge' to 'wise the dom' And understand your culture of freedom Power Equaly with the Gods So you can build and born your cipher, uh All your life, you must teach truth Of the true and living God not a mystery spook And when you do that, persue that goal Which made the student enroll And only then you'll prosper [Chorus 2X] [Kasim Allah] I am he who, wrote the Bible and Quran Who has walked on this planet from Knowledge to Born Led in the right direction easily I offer jewels to those in need of protection Use mathematics to gain answers to questions King Kasim God Allah, show forth and prove sun, moon and stars Raised from the dead by science into the knowledge of God and now I know what civilization means And I strive to teach that to these cats but it seems that, they got a pin stuck in they head or something Walking around but they're mentally dead They ask for jewels and I give 'em bread but some digest that food for thought that they were fed My wisdom bears fruit Arm, Leg, Leg, Arm, Head Supreme Being Blackman, the Dred I... shared equality with Jamar Eyes red, bloodfire y'all! All hail the Ghetto Messiah. Truth bringer in the midst of these snakes I... make Knowledge Born going through whatever it takes Whether I build or destroy, I can cause earthquakes Adding on to the positive, shining light as this earth rotates and rotates and rotates The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lord Jamar Album: The 5% Album Song: I.S.L.A.M. Typed by: Tha Lyricz Finisha [Lord Jamar] I be the All Eye Seeing, Supreme Being Black Man, the colored man is the European Ran up to his cave, he was fleeing Over hot sand, steal from me and I chop hands Off, that's Islamic law The sight alone'll make you wanna vomit on the floor I study 120, the Qu'ran and the Bible Doing my job, the God got plenty disciples Taking my rightful place, amongst kings and queens 85's wanna know what things mean Sweep the devil off the earth, like spring clean My earth's rock 3/4's, never bring jeans G-O-D, take a little look through my P-O-V You see I be O.G., turn a devil into John D-O-E That mean D-O-A, it's gon' be OK [Chorus 2X: Lord Jamar] I be the Arm Leg Leg Arm Head Here to drop bombs on the mentally dead Islam'll, keep you properly fed And to the four devils, yo, I'm choppin' yo head "Well how you be God?" [Lord Jamar] I be all wise and civilized Deliver truth while the 10 percent deliver lies His devilishment, has been solidified I be the Five Percent, opitimized When you in the presence of God, you better recognize Before your life gets jeopardized I'm bout to exercise my right to bare arms See me in a wife beater, nothing but bare arms and tattoos I hit a muthafucka hard like bad news Some people say I'm nuts like cashews, and that's true I mash through in a black truck, strapped up Busting from the driver's side, you either ride or die All praise due to the Most High I blaze you with my four-five This is Jihad music, see the God do it Allah U Akbar, Lord Jamar's the truest [Chorus 2X] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lord Jamar Album: The 5% Album Song: Supreme Mathematics (Born Mix) Typed by: Tha Lyricz Finisha [Lord Jamar] ONE - One is Knowledge, TWO - Two is Wisdom THREE - Three is Understanding, the devil's underhanded FOUR - Four is Culture Freedom, FIVE - Five is Power Refinement SIX - Six is Equality, newborns follow me SEVEN - Seven is God, EIGHT - Eight is Build or Destroy NINE - Nine is Born, you forget to rewind the song ZERO - Zero is Cipher, now there you have it And cause I sincerely love Allah's Mathematics [Chorus 2X: Lord Jamar] Supreme Mathematics, this ain't black magic I do my work amongst dope fiends and crack addicts Civilized the savage, eight five's run rampant We try'nna save these babies lives, (god damm it) [Lord Jamar] Yo, Knowledge is the foundation, of all things in existence Knowledge is symbolic to the black man The foundation of his universal fan Just like the son, in the solar system Wisdom is the wise words spoken by the wise black man Who is God, Wisdom is symbolic to the black woman Secondary, but, most necessary, to bring forth the seed of life Understanding is the best part, it manifest The Knowledge and the Wisdom that Allah possess Also symbolize the black child who rise, like Cream to the top, and never stop Culture is your way of life, my way of life is I Self Lord And Master Freedom is to free the dumb, I see the slums Full of mental slaves on the way to they graves They need.. [Chorus 2X] Aiyo, Power is the Truth, and the Truth is the Light It take you right out of the dark and give you sight Refinement is to cleanse yourself, mentally and physically For so much not done typically, Equality is to be Equal In all forms of Knowledge, to share with my people God is Allah, and Allah is God Is what was told to Muhammad by Master Farrad, come on [Chorus 2X] [Lord Jamar] Aiyo, Build is to add on, to all that's positive Destroy is take away all that's negative Born is bring into existence That can only happen if there's persistance I was Born twice, first through my moms Then through the womb of Islam Born is be complete, cause after that All numbers repeat, just add the zero Cipher is a circle, three hundred sixty degrees Knowledge 120, Wisdom 120, Understanding 120 A Cipher is a person, place or thing My blood line trace back to kings A Cipher is a person, place or thing My blood line trace back to kings Now do the Math... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lord Jamar f/ Grand Puba Album: The 5% Album Song: The Corner, The Streets Typed by: Tha Lyricz Finisha "In the street, on the, on the, corner, in the street" "In the street, on the corner" They got crack they got guns "on there corner" I seen niggaz die young "in the street" They got, females for sale "on the corner" Mad niggaz in jail for running wild "in the street" [Lord Jamar] Yo, I attended UCLA, now how that grab you? The University of the Corner of Lincoln Avenue Where no sleep is lost when they think of stabbing you Leave you in the playground laying face down And I'm not Deandre, this is not HBO This is real life, and it's real trife Sometimes it's too much to fathom Coroner come through they just bag 'em and tag 'em Just the other I was copping weed "on the corner" Man, I seen a nigga get shot, he was laying out "in the street" The blood started to leak from his head He was dead, I was just standing feet away You never know if today's gon' be the day That you get killed, blood get spilt All over the pavement, cause [Lord Jamar] Yo, she used to be a dime piece, back in '82 She was the shit, then she got strung out on the shit Now her beauties drained from the cocaine Her once delicate speech is now profane Reminents of her formal self, catch a trick's eye She suck anonymous dick and then gets high She on the block to the whee hours And I wouldn't fuck with it even if she took three showers With eight AIDS tests, she's a straight mess She look older than she is, cause she stay stressed The whole hood know her, we anbuvilent Her mixed up girl, we lost at innocence What's really sad is that she's not the only one Her life is bad, but she's not the only one There's plenty more, the streets got plenty whores Pimp prophet bank corners on twenty four [Grand Puba] Now a new born baby from the hospital Headed to the hood to face them obstacles Of the gangstas, killings, fiends and drug dealings Those who get caught, get pinched and start squealing The have nots, stuck in the hood, that stays hot Like crabs in the barrel try'nna make it to the top With petty ass beef, gat handles with the glock Where innocent kids wind up getting shot Where murder is a trend, selling drugs is a hobby And moms and grandmoms scared to walk through the lobby Where young men, don't get a chance to be men Lie, step or shot down, all they talking was sin Where young girls walk around the hood with no clothes Thinking it's aight from watching them videos This shit is by design, program your mind With a savage way of thinking, leaving you dumb, deaf & blind The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lord Jamar f/ Prodigal Sunn Album: The 5% Album Song: Same Ole Girl Typed by: Cno Evil [Intro: Lord Jamar (sample)] Uh... yeah... let's go (You're the same ole girl that lived across the street) Same ole girl (and you were so bad) So bad (who-oh-oh, yeah) Where you be? Spinning round with God? (You're the same ole girl that lived across the street) At the terrific speed of a thousand thirty seven And the third miles per hour? (And you were so bad, who-oh-oh, yeah) That's what's up, yo [Lord Jamar] How can I put it in the words, cuz I love you, just ain't good enough And when I hug you, it just ain't long enough And if I lose you, I just ain't strong enough To keep on, uh, you my whole world Never felt this way about no girl Love you more each day, and that's so real Allow me to display how I feel You the mother of my children I will run into a burning building, just to get you out Search to the ends of the Earth, if you were lost Held for ransom, our day, any cause Take any course of action, against any group or faction To get you back then, I'm never gon' let you get out of sight Cuz I'm never gon' let you get out of life, no [Chorus 2X w/ ad-libs: sample] You're the same ole girl that lived across the street And you were so bad, who-oh-oh, yeah [Prodigal Sunn] Twelve years since I last seen her, damn, how time flies Pretty Shamina from Medina, hazel/brown eyes Still looking good, eating right, meat on the thighs No disrespect, ma, I treat you with the most high Form of respect, as I bomb you with intellect Calm dialect, the king keeps the queen in check Vice versa, trust, I never hurt ya Sincere with my words, my dear, I'm here to nurture Listen, forget what you saw, heard in the past I'm a changed man, moved from coach to first class My days of crime, put that all behind me now Visioned a lot as a child, grew a man to style Reminisce of running wild, til I felt ka-pow Tried to tell me, baby, them niggaz is foul How you seen it from miles, a lesson learned, through my error & trial One of the reasons why you make me smile, baby, I love your style [Lord Jamar] I'm the sun, and you're the moon I plant my seed into your womb Nine months later, a star will come soon I'm try'nna build a army like the fifth of tomb And we can have us a wedding, in May or June Out in the Bahamas, you're not just my baby mamma Wifey material, lifey material Say these vowes, as from now to your burial You're the one I want in my universe Cuz with U-N-I verse, we can understand better Let's stand together, let's make these plans together Let's make this fam together, walk hand-in-hand together Let's make this last forever I'm never gon' let you get out of my sight Cuz I'm never gon' let you get of my life, no [Chorus 2X w/ ad-libs] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lord Jamar f/ Horse, Reality Allah Album: The 5% Album Song: Revolution Typed by: Tha Lyricz Finisha [Chorus: Reality Allah] Are you ready to fight, revolution Stay loud, til you make a solution How are we going to fight, for the people's right Are you ready to fight, revolution [Lord Jamar] But what you know about running for miles & not eating for days Shooting it out with federal agents Running with your family in toe, giving your son an AK Even though he's only eight years old Freedom has many prices, are you willing to pay For Justice and Equality to be the order of the day Cuz they tape recording everything you say And only use cash, no credit cards, they easy to trace I know alot of what I'm saying is not easy to face This like, sometimes medicines not easy to taste But it needs to be heard, a revolution is a way of life Not a word, that's word, we living on the -- Third rock, from the sun, heard shots from the gun And somebody yell "revolution" And suddenly I heard an explosion... I guess to be a revolutionary is whether you chosen [Horse] A revolution is bloody, require money cause it's hostile This dedicated to the Gods on my block, now I squeeze a glock round, jakes screaming "cop down" That's as I come, this far, no way that I'm gon' stop now I'm ready when you ready, that buck ain't hitting heavy When on point for jake, jumping out five seat of Chevy Impossible to face this, we numbless, nameless & faceless Hard to trace us, popping up in different places The rules have been changed and I use my tools for liberation The FBI ease, drop on domestic conversation And brothers that you grew up with alternative's, don't strange it And everything you knew, accustomed to, soon changes But still niggaz is scared to bleed, mentally prepare my seed Running like a fugitive, just try'nna save this life I lead This whole world straight, out of control Will you go out for freedom like you going out for the dough I wanna know... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lord Jamar f/ RZA Album: The 5% Album Song: Deep Space Typed by: Cno Evil [Intro: Lord Jamar] Uh, let's take a trip Trip into the mind... The mind of the wise... [Lord Jamar] Okay, uh, enter the seventh dimension Witness my ascension into the heavens Like Christ on the third day, I'm nice with my wordplay Master of all that I survey Standing on my square, firm, graph the journ' Trying to shake my foundation Nation of Gods & Earths, birthed by the father If he didn't love us, then why would he bother? Universal mathematician, I shine like the sun Look at how I flash against it Basking Arabians, melenin, soaks up my energy Brings cancer to my enemies Knowledge the God, as I build/destroy Black hole, watch me as I fill the void I'm light years beyond, my word is my bond Stay tuned, you've only heard a third of the song [Interlude: Lord Jamar] That's right, just a third of the song.. No more, the stars, the milky way, the solar system [RZA] Yo, this is deep space, when I was young, we couldn't teach pace We got evicted, moms would play numbers, on sweepstakes To hate to pay rent, arms stay bent, step-pops in state pen Old dad been gone ever since, I was three Had no one to show me how to set me free Or give me a clue, on who, I'm supposed to be I was a mommy's boy, soft, Uncle Tommy Boy Walking the streets, like a dead zombie, boy Swine, eating lines, cheat and brand to a white Jesus Never thought the first man on Earth, it could be us Got blessed with the twelve jew-els, learned they could do me well Helped find God in man, like Emmanuel Whose the original, whose the grafted criminal Who crafted trick knowledge, to attack, the subliminal Subconscious stages, I got the book, turned the pages Learned one hundred and twenty, and nine phases Of the moon, stay in tune, all praises due The truth is what raises you [Chorus 2X: Lord Jamar] The universal builder, supreme architecht Lord Jamar and, I'm about to spark the set Touch my Earth and, you might as well be marked for death Deep space, if it still get darker, yet [Lord Jamar] Uh, let's take a trip through the galaxy Mystery God is a phalacy Celestial being, mothership over the White House See that, had your President shook Take a self evident look, through the telescopic lens Magnefy my truth, the milky way couldn't satisfy my sweet tooth Amplified my beats is proof of light up I only do as right, you only do as left Now tell me whose the best, Lord Jamar, I got a constellation of stars You only did your observation from afar Twenty three scientists, blow the moon from the Earth Covers on the three/fourth, lover of my heat source I meet force with force, fighting fire with fire Space dust, watch me get higher and higher King of the Universe, call me Messiah [Interlude: Lord Jamar] Knowhatimean, praise the child (call me Messiah) Bow down the Gods, that's right Ruler of the Universe... yo, come on [Chorus 2X] [Outro: Lord Jamar] Yes, uh... that's how it is True builder, yeah, it's like that The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: (Lord Jamar f/) Justice, Young Dirty, Young Lord Album: The 5% Album Song: Young Godz Typed by: Cno Evil [Intro: Justice] Check it out... Uh-uh-uh-uh, one-two, one-two, baby Young Dirty, Justice, I like this Young Lord, Brand Nu, Killa Beez [Justice] I watch Star Wars, just to see Yoda My thoughts get iller, as I get older A young soldier, since I was pushed in the stroller My first days of writing, was with the paint roller Skills more advanced than you fake MC's Numbers of casualties, increase gradually As you challenge me, the ultimate J-U-S-T, I-C-E, G-O-D, Godbody More than a hobby, that ran through my body Petite from a comb with a rhyme that's knotty And blast like a shotty, for those who act snotty Tryin' stop me, poisonous injected, neck protected Styles is wreckless, I'm creepin' MC's when ya least expect it Expect it... [Young Dirty] Niggas think they kill phantom, but I killed classic Shoot automatic, strapped to straight jackets Killing massive, bodies disappearing like flashes They ask the Young Dirty when it matters I keep on stashing, Killa Bee, I keep on stabbing Something like a fashion, it's a warning Wake up from your snoring, Dirty bout to get on it On and on, on and on, switching form It's on and on, Bush covered as the day go on Indirect shot, meet the block, two for the hour Cops come in, nigga, yes I will devour Blood dripping out talent, knowledge one more hour High, shots to the heartbeat, fast like fifty darts Hitman killing smart, they blood turn to form of melting rotten Niggas scattering like retards, where I live, you can find bodies in K-Mart Pushing shopping carts, I got killing points, with.. [Young Lord] Yo, it's the Young Lord, you know the one your wiz run toward Battle it out, and my tongue is the sword I run in a code with Supreme Mathematics Anyone get in my way, they catch static Electrons, neutrons and protons I'm thirteen, I give you one to grow on I keep flowing, like so on and so on It's showtime, and we about to go on Little Lord J, Young Dirty, Young Just' Ain't nobody messing with us Study ya lessons, cuz they a blessing That keep you manifesting and not guessing It's a song how I deal oppression King Kong got nothing on me, I'm, something to see From Brand Nubian to the Wu Killa Bee It's the Young Gods, yes, G-O-D The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lord Jamar Album: The 5% Album Song: Advance the Game Typed by: Tha Lyricz Finisha [Lord Jamar] Yo muthafucka, I don't rhyme like you (what?) You'se a pig eating nigga, I don't swine like you Yo hold up... let me run that back again In case these niggaz didn't hear, check it Yo muthafucka, I don't rhyme like you (no) You'se a pig eating nigga, I don't swing like you You wanna rhyme about jewelry, tom foolery Now how the fuck is you schooling me? You ain't got shit to say You got the same shit to say, that your man said yesterday Let me guess, your rims are twenty plus, ain't it Cuz in your pants, you got three inches It's like penises, can give a fuck if I'm not seeming friendly Insecure, all your pimps and whores, are you Gods or Earths, I always kick the hardest verse Let me show you how the smartest work Ya'll niggaz keep rashing the subject You under bashely, feeding that track to the public You all wanna be the same living I don't blame Jigga, but you wanna be him You wanna be Puff, you wanna be Baby and Slim You wanna be Suge Knight, no one crazy as him Wanna claim 'thug life' with 30 days in the pen Let's get right, time for Lord J to give [Chorus: Lord Jamar] Yo, let's advance the game How many times can we rhyme about cars and chains How many bricks can a nigga really sell How many times can a nigga really go to jail How many murders can you do on one album Put 'em together, must of did about a thousand I'm just saying let's change it up If not, nigga, hang it up [Lord Jamar] Aiyo, call me a hater, that's just what I expect Defense mechanism put in effect Say what you will, but still you know I'm right and exact All I'm saying can we tighten the slack Can you be a little original in writing your raps You should all give residuals to Kool G. Rap We done set up the game with the booby traps Y'all some acting ass niggaz with your movie raps You all sound alike, like you all found the mic The same day, rhyme the same way Somebody change the rules to the game play I thought the aim was to do your own thing I'm just saying what some niggaz is scared to Or maybe lyrically unprepared to Either way, I'm making Knowledge Born Stop sucking these niggaz, like a dick you was slobbing on [Hook 2X: Lord Jamar] Yo, be original (what) your shit is sloppy (that's right) Get off the dick, you muthafucking carbon copy [Lord Jamar] You and your precious stones, without 'em you just flesh and bone Some topics should be left alone I'm not here to fucking sweat your chrome You came here to fucking set the tone, nigga I ain't mad that you got what you got But you sing about the shit, a whole muthafucking lot Do me a favor, keep it to yoursellf Give me information that can help, put the bullshit on your shelf The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lord Jamar f/ 40 Bandits Album: The 5% Album Song: The Cipher Typed by: Tha Lyricz Finisha [Lord Jamar] You know I stay God Cypher Cypher Divine I don't swine, I don't master Islam Now Divine When a punk jumps up to get fucked up I'm like a father giving tough love Uh, bust slugs with the universal Zig Zag Zig Islam, I right the bomb The God Cypher off, then I break north I spice it up like Allah 1 steak sauce Go forth Young Master Allah Now Time for you to Rule Equality Power And step to your Born I Zig Zag Zag Stop acting like a big ass kid [Jasik Allah] Peace to the God, Jasik is Allah Everything in tune like the Sun, Moon & Stars Foundation strong, word is my bond Life manifested, Arm Leg Leg Arm Head and instead, leave the devil dead Four shots, four bodies filled up with lead Goons is in back of me, peep at the strategy Get right, refine myself, like the Street Academy Run through the hood, ain't nothing good These little niggaz shooting shit up like they would Niggaz try to do me in, buck me and shoot again Roll with the God Lord Jamar, Brand Nubian [Ralo] Police is in the back of me Black, Power, this is 40 B., check it Kill a cop, blazing trees, stick to bake and flee Right away, tell me have you Today's Degree I'm wild and I'm wigged, for old, it's like a new religion A new code, a revolt, I write it up in prison Ralo, it's God Body with the long shotty The armed robbery in the lobby in front of everybody I'm wild and I'm wreckless, murder the homicide detective Buried his body and I ain't even get arrested Now police is knocking at my door Looking for me, but I ain't here no more, check it Your outlaw and money, that's what I come for With Lord J, all day, layin' the law, but Witnesses is try'nna say they saw A crazy madman waving the four-four, check it The fire with the God, I strike you with the iron rod Police, they'd rather come with the riot squad The science of teaching, the rebel, I'm the ghetto chief'ton The seeds, do the knowledge when the God's speaking [Nat Turner] Scout body in the party, and we wreck it tonight Say it's a matter, get shot or you hog it on sight Now why I'm killing cops, why I kill the judge? Why if they find crack in them pockets they show me love? I spit the banger, the mathematical flamer-flamer Switch up and hit the changer, then get it, this biz is dangerous Free the Cipher, it's 40 gangs, and 40 B. Sophisticated, the higher science of burglary You can't fuck with the power or the pride I'm a jump up, and nigga, jack your crack It's Nat Turner, muthafucka, beast of the belly, squeezin' Pirellis And shoot you for tellin' me this manufactured fire is deadly Allah moves steady, I got the seeds ready Military so necessary, the Pele Pele El Genereli, five star murder malachi Dippin' narcotics in bolic, like the sun did the prophet [Rated G] The perfector, rep for fucking up your sector Connect, the mic checker, ease up selector Come again, bring it back, reload, rewind I design like, Universal Sham God, I am God A vanguard, you've been eating ham dog Damn, dog, thought you was wise, now ya ass'll get slam hard What's this, knew I couldn't trust this, yo fuck this Bust this, try to pretend to serving from justice Must this go down, yo, God, can we discuss this? Emphatically no, Now Cypher, I'm bout to snuff this Black snake, fraudelent fake, see through shell We ain't real, you faking than a eight dollar bill You can run and hide, but you still can't avoid it Strip 'em of his lessons, flush some more down the toilet Cuz you walk like an 85, talk like an 85 On the down low, be eating pork like an 85 Yeah, right, back the fuck up, you ain't my A-Alike Spare ya life, you be lucky, you get a fair fight Knowledge the God, when Allah manifests, and study ya lessons To keep 'em from guessing, here's a question The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lord Jamar Album: The 5% Album Song: Givin' Up Typed by: Tha Lyricz Finisha Givin' up... is hard to do (3x) When youuuuuuu, givin' up someone [Lord Jamar] Yo, maybe I should rhyme about guns and crack Then I might sell like tons of stacks Sometimes I tell myself, fuck the truth "But it's just no use" Shit, I can rhyme about bitches and cars I even tried switching my bars I said righteous rap is dead to make an excuse, but "No I can't break loose" Sometimes I think about leaving again Already accomplished in leaving a name Maybe I should just go out with a bang "But it's just no use" I can't do it, my love for black people's too strong Rhymed with a purpose for too long I'm afraid I'mma gon' have to refuse "No I can't break loose" Givin' up... is hard to do (3x) When youuuuuuu, givin' up someone [Lord Jamar] They tried to offer me platinum and diamonds Anything to make me stop rhyming They went through great lengths to try to seduce "But it's just no use" Cause I, can't be bought, I can't be sold I'm understanding God, I can't be old Some people just can't be told "No I can't break loose" Somebody gotta be the voice of reason Especially when it's killing season We trying to close the wound, the blood is perfused "But it's just no use" Penetentiary steel, we got centuries At bedtime, doing fed time I'mma have to get my sentence reduced "No I can't break loose" Givin' up... is hard to do (3x) When youuuuuuu, givin' up someone The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lord Jamar f/ Sadat X, Queen Tahera Earth Album: The 5% Album Song: Study Ya Lessons Typed by: Tha Lyricz Finisha [Sadat X] The God U Now on that cold December day Was the weapon that came in to play I had stress already cuz my father had died A month previous, I'm already feeling devious Looking for a cause, just because, no puzzle You must of seen the muzzle, stay away from the man, found new revenue Being that I'm God, I had the knowledge from the two brothers But that day I ran with others, pardon self, let's get deep Into degrees, exact self square knowledge of the season Knew that the deeds was drafted, and they had a mystery God Yes, every day I'm a civilized person But every day ain't a day at the beach I had that thing in my arms, nobody was killed Nothing's for feel, damn, why my father had to die Didn't use my third eye, Positive Education Corrects All Errors Nine with the state suit bearer [Chorus 3x: Lord Jamar] Study ya lessons [Queen Tahera Earth] Yes I be the Queen'a of this Godiva seater Control the souls in all corners, you better believe I got that hip, that hop, that jive That thrive, that make me stay alive And plus I catch you with my vibe Brain shit, knowledge is the foundation To creation, this Nation, the original civilization My speed brings forth gravitation But as I turn like the world, get you dizzy when I swirl Come try to break my cypher, I'm not average girl I'm like the moon, I come out at night I'm not a freak, I reached my peak, my foundation's concrete But if you sleep, unconsciously, you'll be weak And I keep reflecting light, shining bright constantly Look at the set up, all in your get-up Groove where you move, just let me let-up and off This energy when I express myself, I see the beauty In me, keep this in order, cuz I'm the daughter What? Came cross the border, covered in three/fourths of water I be the third one closest to the sun My total weight be six sextillion tons of unit Followed by twenty one cyphers, to have the other miss this The currents has difference of strong counter resistance Spinning on my axis, rolling as I'm shifting Don't try to pick me up, because I'm already lifted I'm on the M-I-C with G-O-D, doing the J-U-S-T-I-C-E Study ya lessons, better get in that dirt It's the Queen Tahera Earth, from mental birth [Chorus 4x] [Lord Jamar] Yo, let's begin with the 1 to 10 Knowledge that, and then come back I hit you off with the one to thirty six Teach you about the devil's dirty tricks How he offered us gold and then renigged Brought my uncle to the wilderness and fed him pig We gotta study if I let him live The one to 14, said "don't never be clean" But what make rain, hail, snow and earthquakes To build/destroy degree in the one to forty The knowledge born degree states what must done If you don't do your duty, which is to teach civilization I will require blood, beat you with many stripes I used to stay up and study in many nights Actual facts is solar facts It all comes back to the original black Man who I am, first in the land Not hard to understand, all you gotta do is [Chorus 2X] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lord Jamar Album: The 5% Album Song: Greatest Story Never Told Typed by: Tha Lyricz Finisha [sample] "In 1963, a young minister at Malcolm X's mosque in New York City A man named Clarence X, broke with the Nation of Islam He changed his name to Allah, and took his less astere vision Of Islam, directly to young people in Harlem He called his new movement: The Five Percent Nation" [Lord Jamar] Greatest story never told, Clarence Smith Clarence 13X, to the Father Allah, let's go Aiyo, February 22nd, 1928 Danville, Virginia, it was still the winter Clarence Smith, he was born a friday The fifth son, of Louis and Mary After him, came Dennis and Harry Now that's seven, six boys, one girl Who ever thought he would change the world His mother nicknamed him Put, and simply put This was the time during Jim Crow Where laws dictated where a nigga could go But the fam didn't care, I don't wanna be rude whitey I don't wanna go where I know they don't like me In '46, Allah came to Harlem To join his mother, and his older brothers Once in New York, Put became pudding Yeah, the God was smooth He performed odd jobs, he was an honest dude Amongst them, fruit stand that he ran In a little hole in the wall, this was Harlem, ya'll Developed a love for gambling Played a lotta pool, took fools for they jewels Then he met Eline, wanted to marry, but she was only seventeen Needed her mother's permission, they still had 2 sons, even though she was bitching Allah said "I got something for you" You don't have don't have the only daughter, then he married Dora He had two seeds with her Clarence and Christine, they were hers And that's just the way it was, back in the day When Allah came up, just the greatest story never told Greatest story never told [Chorus 2X: sample] "Hey, hey, now what I say" [Lord Jamar] In 1950, Clarence joined the army And went to fight in the Korean war Seeing war, it had to effect him Supporting two families, you had to respect him While he away, Dora became Muslim N.O.I., Honorable Elijah Muhammed When Clarence returned, he too accepted By the teacher of Islam, he was truly effected Temple Number 7, Mr. Malcolm X This was the time that Allah met Justice Clarence became Student Minister over time He said some things that put him over the line He said the Black Man's God, not just Farrad Please, let's go yell it in the yard But the Nation said no, you gots to go He took Justice, and some brothers and he left the temple Back to the streets of Harlem This time to teach black youth not reached by Muslims Birth of a Nation, with far reach and implications 1963 is the shit to me, cuz that's the year that the God made history Looked himself and said it ain't no mystery This the greatest story never told [Chorus 2X] [Lord Jamar] Allah made, Supreme Mathematics, Supreme Alphabets A profound way to break it down He took it to the poor and the hardcore Young thugs and niggaz on drugs First born student by the name of Kareem Had the power to attract black knowledge seeed Kareem became Black Messiah And then he run the first borns by it It was Kareem, Naheem, Uhu, Kaheem Al Jabar, or Prince Allah, Al Jamel, Bilal or Jihad, Akbar, and Al Salam They called Allah the father, they were from broken home And this man was the only father they had known Allah's Nation of the Five Percenters Will soon influence the epicenter Allah got shot, and soon after arrested Before the judge, Allah contested You got it wrong, I'm Allah, I tell you The judge said you crazy, and shipped him to Bellevue This is the greatest story never told The greatest story never told [Chorus 2X] [Lord Jamar] Allah got, sent to Matter One, first borns carried on We could live to wait it, and got situated In '67, Allah came home, we had our first problem and see how we had grown They were thousands of Five Percenters, Allah had to borrow some muslims They said "I surrender", 21-22, Seventh Avenue It was a gift from the mayor, and we still right there Sham God designed the flag, we put it on the window of the street acad' In '68, Dr. King was assassinated, many cities got decimated That night in Harlem, the Gods were out Helping to keep the peace, 85's wanna wild out The same year, Allah prepared, his Five Percent for the day he wouldn't be here If I die, I don't want you cry, if I could, I'll reach up and slap you in the eye Besides, if you keep on teaching, I'll live forever But physically, no man lives forever June 12th, 1969, indelible in the God's minds Allah Just took us through the science, of male and female But we didn't notice the details Cuz when he left, he got in the cab But it wasn't in Allah's cab, didn't observe that Shortly after, the word came back That Allah got gunned down, Five Percenters rushed down To Amlocate Towers, hundred 12th street In the elevators where the God fell, G Many Gods were crying, at least one remembered What Allah said, didn't let a tear shed We said fareful at community chapel As to who killed Allah to this day, we're baffeled These funeral posess the firm, clear for his cremation This is the Nation of his creation This is the greatest story never told Greatest story never told [sample] "Allah was assassinated in 1969, that case was never solved His movement survived him, today it's known as the Nation of Gods & Earths Or the Five Percenters, tens of thousands of young black men & women Follow his teachings, among them, several top performers Including Busta Rhymes and members of Wu-Tang Clan" The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lord Jamar Album: The 5% Album Song: Supreme Mathematics (Knowledge Mix) Typed by: Tha Lyricz Finisha [Chuck D sample throughout the song] "One, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine" Do the knowledge... [Lord Jamar] ONE - One is Knowledge, TWO - Two is Wisdom THREE - Three is Understanding, the devil's underhanded FOUR - Four is Culture Freedom, FIVE - is Power Refinement SIX - Six is Equality, newborns follow me SEVEN - Seven is God, EIGHT - is Build or Destroy NINE - Nine is Born, you forget to rewind the song ZERO - Zero is Cipher, now there you have it And cause I sincerely love Allah's Mathematics [Chorus 2X: Lord Jamar] Supreme Mathematics, this ain't black magic I do my work amongst dope fiends and crack addicts Civilized the savage, eighty five's run rampant We try'nna save these babies lives, (god damm it) [Lord Jamar] Yo, Knowledge is the foundation, of all things in existence Knowledge is symbolic to the black man The foundation of his universal fan Just like the son, in the solar system Wisdom is the wise words spoken by the wise black man Who is God, Wisdom is symbolic to the black woman Secondary, but, most necessary, to bring forth the seed of life Understanding is the best part, it manifest The Knowledge and the Wisdom that Allah posess Also symbolize the black child who rise, like Cream to the top, and never stop Culture is your way of life, my way of life is I Self Lord And Master Freedom is to free the dumb, I see the slums Full of mental slaves on the way to they graves They need.. [Chorus 2X] [Lord Jamar] Aiyo, Power is the Truth, and the Truth is the Light It take you right out of the dark and give you sight Refinement is to cleanse yourself, mentally and physically For so much not done typically, Equality is to be Equal In all forms of Knowledge, to share with my people God is Allah, and Allah is God Is what was told to Muhammad by Master Farrad, come on [Chorus 2X] [Lord Jamar] Aiyo, Build is to add on, to all that's positive Destroy is take away all that's negative Born is bring into existence That can only happen if there's persistance I was Born twice, first through my moms Then through the womb of Islam Born is be complete, cause after that All numbers repeat, just add the zero Cipher is a circle, three hundred sixty degrees Knowledge 120, Wisdom 120, Understanding 120 A Cipher is a person, place or thing My blood line trace back to kings A Cipher is a person, place or thing My blood line trace back to kings Now do the Math... [Chorus 2X] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Sadat X Album: Wild Cowboys Song: The Lump Lump Verse One: People often see me in jams, and be thinkin I'm high No that just be my lazy eye What's your reply to the evidence against you Your girlfriend found one hand just one loan credit Exclaimed you was fuckin you claim downtown where Fred can beat that, win that, quick nigga wins the ballgames Tailwind nose is a must on any con any truck When riding on luck you catch an empty Riding on the wave is real good, suave bola You be playin the low low, while your girlfriend be like, "Oh no!" I seen it with my own eyes and I know that it was him Hell hath no fury like a woman scorned Episodes of Free Willy bring strife in your life You can flip and use the gift of gab, but don't waver If you love your girlfriend, then you better save her Cause the next man is eager, to run up in yours Be in her drawers, put your girl on her fours Sometime's the girls game's tighter than a sloppy ass nigga I got my girl locked down hey that's the truth nigga She gone away for the weekend, man she right uptown Runnin around with my man Boogie Brown I keep your arms in the air, your feet on the floor While you're over there frontin with these kids your girl's givin jaw Chorus: I been doin my own thing (2X) Verse Two: Oh you got your own dough, from where I don't know You hold degrees from two universities Girl you're worth cheese in the nine-seis Sadat owns apartment keys, is it Alize for Dolo You got a mind on top of that spine plus the lump lump Highly educated and highly motivated Workin girl skirt tight love to hurt What to exert, I break your next man's pocket Smell of freak fragrant, unlike the vagrant You can pay the rent always, and don't be gettin hallways In the bed girlie and at work by nine Put on the work force ridin on a iron horse Bring it home to dad, the one piece cause I'm here Workout baby doll and keep yo' career No chiggedy, no diggedy, not you Glad that I got you, when I did Cause you was runnin wild with this out of style kid, no class Light in the ass, white enough to pass Shotproof glass for the midnight mass Chorus Verse Three: I have seen this chick at the bar, furiously she was searchin She want to wet her whistle with the glass of bubbly She want the Willie Dom not the cheap sherry Tryin to front with the outfit that's goin back tomorrow Now she's makin me dream, if she played to force it Dom she want to toss it, back in that Jet when the bottle's gone and that's a fact Give you the wrong number knowin it's the wrong number Front on a nigga never that, not I If you see me at the bar it's dry throat because I'm keepin these hoes dry Hey lookie there there's Harlem Slim! Lookin at me, but then you're walkin with him I be a little old for them young girl games I know a lot of tricks but I ain't namin no names One burnt my man, left his beef in flames Actin ill wild like the untamed dames Just came to mingle where I flowed the river Thames When I was young in the clubs they played Cool James Get rich without jail, is one of my aims You remember Good Times, with courderoy jeans Chorus (repeat 2.5X) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Sadat X Album: Wild Cowboys Song: Wild Cowboys Typed by: bootleg210@msn.com [Chorus: 2x] Wild cowboy, it's the wild cowboys Wild cowboy, it's the wild cowboys Wild cowboy, it's the wild cowboys Wild cowboy, it's the wild cowboys [Sadat X] Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah All of y'all out there might think that I'm strange But the wild cowboy never lived on no range The only prairie I seen was in the library And the last Indian I seen was headin towards Cleveland Y'all can believe in what y'all believe in But stop the bullshittin and deceivin When the O.K. Corral bell rings for the winter I'ma flash back to '79 with Thelma drinkin wine You could see that it was me even with that small screen Al Green had a major string of hits And I wanna be like him, in the fact, that each one was a gem My man Mashburn is killin 'em down in Dallas I seen him one day after this bullshit show called Alice The wild cowboy is hard to resist Make the play, get the assist, girlfriends hate genesis Me and Diamond D +Dug+ deep In The Crates Been rhymin for high rates, did wild show dates My name is X yo my name is X, worth more weight than gold Precious than your baby who's a year old Step to war without your armor, results in trauma Mad drama, I'm the mad bomber Young girls stay away cuz I'm dangerous I'm a grown man, don't force my hand I'll judge off cuz I can (Cuz I can and I will..) [Sadat X] Hey I got a lot of family on both sides of the tracks Some is livin positive while others is sellin crack Two sides to livin yo step up and place your vote Like a 'murder that she wrote,' hey that's my own qoute Now should I clear myself for samples? Or make cats examples of my cowboy status Boyd Roger? You ever see Oliver Twist and his boostin man Dodger? Takin wallets in the street, sign my name in the wet con-crete A big X, so wide ya break ya fuckin legs For me to be dead-ass, have bread and water in a tall glass, is lunacy, madness, and I ain't on no badness But in this point in time I can't take no backward steps (Uh-uh) I like crisp, green, money, and a lot of it In big bills, cuz money right here make this whole world spin Say you went on a gin, cuz honey go home with strange men Dance by the light of the silvery moon Then wake up in the mornin with the hay in your eyes Your purple with that herpes bump, who want the rump? Some niggas joint got a lump from that late night hump What does it take to be a cowboy? Hold on down boy Cuz I don't got no contracts in my pockets Kids run up our amp like they stuck they hands in sockets [Chorus] 2x [Sadat X] I rule uptown to Nairu with an iron fist Grand Master, national titlest I string people out, plus I bring people out So Heineken's across the board for all my men Check it out, I'm verse for now but I'ma do this again Remember the wild cowboy's in the heart's of all men But then again some kids ain't never gonna win And they'll be played in here [Sadat X] Yeah, Nubian style, so versatile Win by a mile, sack a pen and pile One nineteen and one twenty 8th Avenue, 7th Avenue 1st Avenue, 2nd Avenue 3rd Avenue all the way to Amsterdam And Broadway, and even more And Castle Hill, money fill the bill And haha, ya don't stop To my man Marcus Mark, ya don't stop To my man Early Bird, ya don't stop... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Sadat X f/ Shawn Black Album: Wild Cowboys Song: Sauce For Birdheads Yeah, yeah Let's get it on Don't sleep 'cause you might slip, yo(Chorus 8x) Shawn Black- Eyes was gazin' as we came through blazin' Honeys gamin', I caught this money maintaining, uh! Now back to the problem that just ocurred Yo, you reap what you sew, peep my flow really dope, yo The drug traffic, crack packin', Shawn Blackin' Brother in the back, he with the nickel-plated Maxin' Actin' as if, but son caught the 4/5th Spittin' out clips, he's shootin' down with 6/6 Now went side the rooftop, I had 2 Glocks My bitch had the out of town tickets right in the shoebox Now we all settin' up shop with Pearl Drops  Connect our props, my click don't tickety-tock Clientele ,word is born, quite strong  With Black Shawn the bitch slid, with a stash of two bricks I had to see you when we reached Connecticut Now I jumped on the celly , bad feeling in my belly That war broke I left the whole crib smelly We all about ballin', yo you slip when you fuckin' fallin' Chorus(6x) Sadat X- Hey yo, 2 bricks lost, that's a lot Black Hey yo, I told you 'bout them ho's dick Ho's will be the death of you They'll lead you in ambush And there won't be nothin' left of you  That's hard-earned, I aint got no money to burn Hey yo, where's this chick at? Uh-huh, For real get my money back Cause I don't give a fuck where she go or who she know Just recover that, don't make me smother this witch Aint you with me Shawn Black?, don't you want to be rich? Cause I'm too old and it's too cold to pick Outside hand-to-hand, I don't want to be the man You understand?   for years, told him not to enough Kids are gettin' football # Thinkin' mad things, while a sleeping man slumbers (Chorus x Duo- Aint no trace, I guess murder is the case Hey yo , honey look good so don't rock her in her face I seen ya type of action in the discotecs and  She had this nigger from behind the speaker, you didn't peep her? She smokin' reefer and drinkin' Harveys Bristol Cream On the plate with the ice  I will entice the ho and then price the ho And then grab my dough and leave his on the floor  No traces, cause rap stars can't change their faces, awwwhhhh The faces and places have been slid to the rear There's blown trees off the bridge The convoy of cowboys with ther Hey did we do our thing Black? Yeah we put her in the smash Now the 25th to the 30th precinct Can't see us cause we move on basic instinct They want to be us but that ass is just too stinky What the hell they think would happen Duck Down niggas is clappin' It's lifeless and always does it trife trick  Out of my strip, everybody gotta represent Forget a motorbike, I wanna lamp in a GS legit So I can get that same bitch stressed  Yeah, yeah, the great Shawn Black and Sadat X.....(More crew shoutouts) (chorus x) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Sadat X f/ Grand Puba Album: Wild Cowboys Song: Open Bar Bring it down... (Chorus) As we proceed well dressed to get done Live well, dress well to the day it's done (2x) (Grand Puba) Come here singing, check this 2 piece combo Grand Puba, Dat X snatching Polly-o Please, dig the way we grant this cheese Looks a whole lot better wit a pocket full of cheddar(yea) We smacked this on the blizzard day we all remember We stomp through wit Gortex and 3 ?guaded? timbers So Ali, put them things to a halt Get that rhythm so we can stack these papers in a ?boat? No time for chicken when a nigga politicing No time for sticking cuz honey here is easy picking I need to be straighter than gator Catch a flashback and you can do me in the project elevator It's no guessing when it comes to this session Ah, it's no diggy, Ali hit us wit a blessing Me and Sadat go back to the days of the sandbox Now we much bigger, still laying nigga We used to chase honies back then Now all we chasing is decimals, Range Rovers and Mercedes Benz 850's and houses, no time for skirts and blouses Bitch, back the fuk up of my trousers Chorus(2x) (Sadat X) Yea yea yea Can you face success for the coming year Drink jet, lay back and get your swiderve Make the breadline wind way around the corner I want all of my people to be rich so life wouldn't be such a bitch The same way as it comes, I want my pockets filled wit lumps Puba, you know me for 20 odd years Let's raise our glasses in cheers, ?that was all our? careers You know what, we goaling in since the days of old My pockets been swoll yet unconsole Never dwell, we live swell on the d-low Raise the person now in you, getting wit the us and now Alamo, if you hit me once mo' wit that I'll return and burn, kill shit for the ages Rip up the stages listed in the yellow pages  They better slow down wit that slander I am the great Sadat X from New York state And I rate much more than pretenders I'm down wit mindbenders and the big moneyspenders, the big earners There'll be no cross burners in this part of the grass I'll be the first one to flip and run up wild in that ass Bring it down... Chorus(2x) (Sadat X) Let bygones be bygones was last year's episode This year I wanna explode wit the great paper caper If the move is willing, should I not go for the killing Freewheeling poses alot of death, wack rappers waste alot of breaths The cognac is back in a mid size glass wit ice I'm already nice, who got the dice So let's roll, hold on, let me gain control When you hear this jam, you can bet your last dollar I was jack deep down born in a whole squalla Hey Puba, speak to these people (Grand Puba) Hey, hey, hey, hey, man, yo My days is over playing Willie Cassanova Used to fuk wit these bitches til I smacked up my Rover Used to take the hoes to the hotel If they wanted mo', used to take them to the motel Shit was swell, in '96 though I be mad jell Cuz if you play these niggaz out, they might go tell And on that note, let's shake it to we all butt naked Keep the crisp style flowing, 'Mo, keep the beat going It's Grand Puba, Ali, Sadat and don't foget it Make you happy like the day that OJ was acquitted Yea as we put it on like this, know I'm saying Wild Cowboy, Grand Puba, Ali, ?mow wow skow? Black, Bird, Mark Da Spark, Stud Doogie, huh, yea The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Sadat X f/ DV Alias Christ Album: Wild Cowboys Song: Hang 'Em High Wild Cowboys     and you know this Lookin at a Cowboy    and you know they're dead A lot of niggaz stepped up to the bad man Chest bucked out with your head wide open Hopin, to spot, a chip in this frame I lived and died by the burnin flame of the OK Corral, Cowboy style From the Quarters on down to Colorado's Big niggaz from uptown, ridin into Tahoe's Saloon settin, kids is walkin round drinkin whiskey and scotch, strictly out of shotglasses Lookin screwfaced at the next nigga who passes There's women in garter belts and ciggarettes And on the side there's the price game Niggaz is playin the price game Indian Red, was bangin niggaz in the head With his man Apache Joe, they take your money off the floor They side-bettin for a better, they makin cheddar That tribal shit is work ya sound the wompom drums Cause my Indian man'sll break your great dick, UHH Walk in the New York terrority On the back of a tree, there's a picture of me It says I'm lawless, flawless, a hustler plus gun rustler Wanted in Carolina, for sellin some of New York's finer Marshal Cooper say he want me, Marshal Cooper gotta get me Marshal Cooper say beat me, Marshal Cooper better wet me I gather alla y'all, all of my trusted men All of my baddest niggaz, niggaz that's quickest with the triggers There's distrubin news on the wire That my dome piece is done sent to piece out for hire I ain't goin down over no money exchange You late for say I, who reigns as King of the Range?         In this land of wildness         Yo you better pack your vest         In the streets there's nothin but crime         So you best to watch your behind... Meanwhile saloon settin is back to full swing Bar's gettin money people doin they thing There's strictly Boss Players with this kid named Minnesota As women start to fill up, turn the notch on the grill up And add mo' stakes to the house banks for gamblers Half-pipes to scramblers, and free for Wild Cowboys You never bring decoys if you wanna make real nouse The bigger the stick, the bigger the fire I never hit a man in the back, a coward acts like that Lay out my black hat cause I feel like the bad man Who on the rise, the D's to Manhattan Let's walk the thirty paces on the Now Rule races Oh it's the Marshal Cooper, and I love how he doin this Women sayin don't get hurt, and I ain't plannin on it Ten steps taken as I hit the blam factor His dick to act up, was death the benefactor Leave him twitchin in the dirt like Cousin Harold from the Menace I'm in this to win this on the great wide trail I'm ten times as bad as John Wayne, could ever be Plus I'm down with the Indian, and need high to get the shit again I'm responsible for that body in the alley I'll Louisiana Purchase that ass with with Remi's spurs and hard shots of Tequila, where the dancin girls Let's get right as the story unfurls Piano man keep playin, keep them keys bangin Single man get three graves there's gonna be a hangin Now this right here ain't for the youth to see A grown man assed out swingin from a tree         In this land of wildness         Yo you better pack your vest         In the streets there's nothin but crime         So you best to watch your behind Joe Tex was the biggest hombre from the projects Had all the work locked down, so he thought But he drank and got loose lipped, let a lot of news slip Stripped of his game and got his self murdered Thoughts of him are passin like the buffalo Got his self rocked in the ninety-six brand new Acura Niggaz said it was lightning BLAOW blew out the back mirror Hah, youknowhatI'msayin? Dig, check it out They say that Cowboys never die they just ride off into the sun A little tale from Sadat X of how the WORLD was won Check it out, remember this Gun-slingers, dead-ringers with presidents Is found tied with no explanation of how they died Yo the great Sadat X, the High Plains Drifter No question         In this land of wildness         Yo you better pack a vest         In the streets there's nothin but crime         So you best to watch your behind         (repeat to fade) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Sadat X Album: Wild Cowboys Song: Do it Again Typed by: compbuttons@hotmail.com No diggity, Bronx style yeah, yeah 1- In the daytime, on the late night   In the morning, on the wake-up   In the daytime, on the late night   In the morning, on the wake-up   In the daytime, on the late night   In the morning, on the wake-up [Verse 1] Men's words can't describe the great X Is it the shoes or the fantastic That got cha' callin' out to ya girlfriend Boo banged who last night Made the man leave baby Forget about Stanley For real I came charged off the Staten Isle I'm like three or four down twisted Givin' away smoke Sweatin' takin' off my coat Money walked by all fly and dropped my drink on my leather And now my shit is fucked up And now I gotta do with dollar bill I see potential And I got a eye for spottin' kind of like Spike Miss Chocolate, Miss Brown, Miss Black Miss Long Legs, hey I'm ready to wrap Can't do that A vision of the deep, dark soul of home And claimin' niggas with dro Hey watch the honey roll, check it Surround sound hides ya crass Tell ya neighbor lies No that wasn't me that was my cousin Hey you're a school girl But hey you're in a different world You're a fly chick Now ya wanna learn a different trick [Hook: with 1 repeated in background] Now can I do it again, do it again Steady do it again, do it again And then ya do it again, do it again Steady do it again, do it again And then ya do it again, do it again [Verse 2] Life is slim put me on to a game Had a lot of style in that last profile Got her nails filed and her hair done weekly A real name thrower, y'all niggas know her Talkin' about garbles comin' out in ten Drinkin' goblets of gin and ain't givin' up trim Tease a nigga, make em' wanna squeeze a trigger They say a woman's best is diamonds and a man is a dog Better come in from that fog that you swimming in Brown skin, laid out in bed is real feminine I'll put that R. Kelly on ya Fingers have some smelly on ya The boy's dry humps are now man pumps Can he go deeper than the explorer 120th street horror Let's get naked by the laptop Can I snap and pop You can squeeze and then stop and be all up in that piece I'm the late night window climber, you are the rhymer Ya mom thought you heard you wouldn't be fuckin' in the house Not you momma's sweetheart, undercover freak-heart Imagine if she would've seen us intertwined and pretzel style Legs and arms, hummin' with the radiator clickin' Our soft patience quickin' I couldn't slow the pace I bust off three nuts and man the sun's in my face [Hook: with 1 in background] [Verse 3] I'm turnin' around handlin' things and then BAM! A toss of that ass hit me like out of nowhere And hey like a flashback honey There was a one should slipped off since day one Check it out, now can I do it again Sure I can do it again You're on some friction, bring along ya friend See how the world turns Look beyond the floor burns At least I have concerns I didn't take it like a chicken I love ya sexually plus intellectually [Hook: with 1 in background] [Various ad-libs to fade] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Sadat X f/ Money Boss Players Album: Wild Cowboys Song: Game's Sober [?1] A while ago, just want you to know Just who you're listenin to (say whaaaaat?) So listen let me tell you Who I am, and what I do Chorus: Sadat X and ?2 [Sadat X] Check it out, the Wild C-O-W-B-O-Y's [?2] And we the capital M to the B's to the P's [together] Money Boss and the Wild Cowboys, goin down in history, well... [Sadat X] Makin moves with my cats, it's the Money Boss Players It don't pay to have money if you ain't stackin layers When I say Wild Cowboys the name says it all I'm like your favorite, tell your man whatchu wanna tell him I run styles, stack piles, more than a thousand empty vials The new rhyme era, makes me the New York terror Bronx niggaz hold ya corner if it's your girl get up on her And bodegas across the street, holdin guns [?3] It's mad heat niggaz on the quest to get the riches Fives threes or stitches Dicin dumb bitches Ridin in the sixes, windows tinted On the Rover, but now it's over The cocaine game is now sober so move over You're better off walkin nowadays cuz cars is coffins So here lies New York for extortion and I'm off in any nigga in my path, fast you can ask Big Guy, C-Deb, and Lord, Trey Bag, and Cheeba Don [?4] AIyyo if you didn't know I'm from the Boogie keep a hoodie and start a nigga and flip a brick for the triple figures It's the young cat, black push wigs facts and brackets Bronx drug traffic, soldier heads wreak havoc It's the SB, from the one-six-sluggy, but yo I'm A-Solo with a pair of Peps and my Polo Peep my flow so, the Mafioso sell coco I'm chillin, prepared for all the snakes I might microwave Chorus [Cheeba Don] I keeps it low creepin, the cuban link peepin I plays the back of the Ac, with the tints half cracked Blowin smoke thinkin, about BM's and rims But my left and rights, ain't pushin nothin but some Tims Talkin bout (Cheeba), you got flow yeah (Cheeba) You got dough yeah bankrolls fly clothes yeah Chickenheads, swearin, they Buttafouco Just because they got a sixty dollar pair of Parasuco [?6] Well it's your franchise, I play Tims and BM's Knots, twenties and tens, blacked-out P's with rims I spring drops plus invest in spots So I can float yachts, while my crew play the lot Five hundred grand, me and my fam livin flam Money Boss comin through, with the grand new Land I play the back seater, me and Cheeba smokin reefer My crew got bricks, pushin sticks, lookin sick Chorus [?7] Well bust the collaboration, the Cowboys and the Players Money Boss from uptown to watch these Bronx niggaz lace this Sadat pass that pot, twist up so we can rock Get this louie and yo Mayor Rudy need to get popped For any altercations, we bring the beef to the streets That's word to mother, cause niggaz love the industry beef MC's is plastic just like the glock they packin Makin noise with some Wild Cowboys but not from daps [?8] Aiyyo these prophets is makin profits, street dimensions Niggaz died to play BM suspensions Niggaz minds is cluttered, ghetto blocks they stay flooded Crack sales prevail, niggaz murdered for half a hundred I live amongst players nigga these streets is ferocious New York, New York -- fuck screamin coastes kid Fuhrealla, you ain't a killa till you killed the killa The Uptown endorses, the Money Bosser [Minnesota] Listen, like a player got bad bitches, the feds got snitches I play these streets for what they worth, BX my place of birth Bronx New York, stop the bank, went out and thanks spendin mon So fuck a bitch, hocus pocus watch this broke nigga turn rich All you clown niggaz banned Money Boss sets the trends False rehearsal, all your rhymes sound like a car commercial Lay my shit down, world renowned, take your paper Minnesota I'm that nigga talkin trap with my Players Chorus Money Boss and the, straight flossin the The Cowboys in the, makin noise in the (repeat 2X and variations to fade) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Sadat X f/ DV Alias Christ, Shawn Black Album: Wild Cowboys Song: Smoking On the Low Typed by: compbuttons@hotmail.com On the, on the, on the, yo on the low know what I'm sayin' It's a pledge of allegiance to the cowboys I'ma hold it down for my man Sadat and everyone on this Earth man For real, just order this know what I mean hold it, yo hold it Yo I'd like to talk about, yo check it [Hook x2] He went from block to block, rocks to cop Smokin' on the low, up the nose with the blow Speedin' bleedin' sucker for a hit And everybody know him as that fiended out kid [Verse 1] Ya like the style, raise ya hand for Fidel Hey you smiled, bust jingles, smokin' woolly with the land lady On foresee and the Internet, imminent Both of y'all are smokers but not heavy smokers Just weekend fiends, you both share some coke There's always a lot of action in your part of Manhattan You choose to lose your status at the J-O And be off the payroll with the quickest Ya thinkin' about the thickest actin' like the slickest I'm cooler than twelve, ya got to feed yourself I got the urge, once was a college boy Will now destroy and employ Lil' Lloyd, for the Summer Hey ain't he the stunner with the dirty ass curvy Who be comin' down from Bedford Lookin' like Robert Redford Actin' jakey makin' whole ville and old feel Cash for carry, now he's burying, for crack head marrying Who could damn well be carrying some oh shit And around these parts there's a lot of walkin' dead But never you dread with the family car You be walkin' too far without puttin' on a bar Yeah ya be all that and stay the corporate star But walkin' these blocks niggas see ya as the man With ya gold car, keep the pipelines open Ya only hopin' that ya heart don't bust Who can ya trust in the land of lust [Hook x2] [Verse 2] I can change up like the wind with my official men I'm younger than the old boys but then younger than the old jacks Then everybody once or twice for that matter All chain gang, all pieces for doli I remain solely as the untraceable I hate to face my outlaws if I can't feed em' Cause y'all know I need em' when the ol' bell rings Hate to meet eight kings, give em' the finest Let's spend some plastic and live in print, make the mint And cool out and never rule out [Verse 3] Get the women and kids and grab ol' dad I'' never let it get that bad to where I lose all the shit I had Met the wild, wild one, them niggas is dead and done Memories like fleas, when we was still wearin' Lee's Buck, burnin' hide on a weak nigga's back For actin' like that, yo for actin' like that [Hook x4] [Various ad-libs] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Sadat X f/ Shawn Black Album: Wild Cowboys Song: Petty People Typed by: compbuttons@hotmail.com Yeah yeah yeah this is for my people in the BX Where they still call me DX And this is for my people in the Rou Where I grew like a screw, like this [Hook] Petty people and petty individuals And petty situations that my crew goes through Petty people and petty individuals And petty situations that my crew goes through [Shawn Black] Ya see, jealousy fraudulent, cats fucked up Longevity, so I stay down lower Till I blow up, still destroy All these Shawn Black decoys Plans done changed due to conflict Cowboys, we bomb shit And I put that on my kills Let my rap skills feel It's the Shawn B. black is in the second letter I stay wetter for that green and white cheddar And all my niggas locked diggy hold ya head up The rap game, will never ever warden me Cause I'm a rip from 96 to eternity Stay focused, right days, nights paid With X assistance, now we're whippin' 850's with the Mo Mo's dipped in [Hook] [Sadat X] I've seen lip-syncing that's done fucked that up They live show looks better on the video But they can start with the hip-hop mess of MC's Holdin' back wages from a nigga like me Just burned, black burn cause he want a turn I told ya it would happen to this comin' attraction Let the billboards with plastic, all I have is this Massenburg And they can't talk no more, I'm gon' keep on livin' Fueled by the microphone and ass cash driven Need to blow shit up so I can rest myself In the best of health and have sex with my lady Hey you don't get no ass cause you always lookin' shady Sick nigga like you talkin' about bonin' Jan Brady Lady stand by your man Even if he beats you with the back of his hand Ah, Sadat X is like the size of Texas And more, cowboy quick to the draw [Hook] [Shawn Black] You can talk to me, I walk with a ten I love shorties, plus red heads, Dominicans Cool Chuck and X brought me through We good people Separate all the evil I say things that make ya bounce like springs Bust my caps let them thug cats sling [Sadat X] You would have tears in ya eyes Cause you thought you would rise But ya side reads small again Actin' like a hooligan Wanna act a fool again and front the party goers Hey alot of niggas know us but that don't make us soft, I snatch I don't rely on this rap shit I always keep a stash [Shawn Black] After a rough game, I see them willy niggas flossin' Next time I see em' they be layin' in a coffin It's all off top, you know my rhymes guns and clips Read my spandex, I'm all about chips Evaluate, Harlem blocks hot steppin' I crack a weapon before the nickel plated check in [Sadat X] Harlem the game is something I'll never leave, Crack stamp on the head be, vacation switch to plan b If ya live in a glass house, don't throw stones Hey I'm a made man done earned my bones Been on the wax with the sick vocal tones Fled Deleware got jammed in school zones Ran into a tree at the university Got into a gun fight at the skate p Brave say division with my man 8-V Smoke a dust plug is you crazy [Hook] [Sadat X and Shawn Black ad-libs] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Sadat X f/ Regina Hall Album: Wild Cowboys Song: The Interview Typed by: compbuttons@hotmail.com [DJ & (Regina) talking] Yeah, yeah, yeah got a couple interviews to do today (Yeah, uh we gotta interview with uh the Wild Cowboys, Sadat X) Yeah, I think the first one is with... (Are you ready sir?) Yo, so let's go knock these down so we can be up outta here (OK, I think I'll start) She gon' start, how you doin' sweetie [Regina Hall] Sadat X (Yeah), speak to your fans Tell us what's in your future and what's in your plans [Sadat X] I done made up some more shit that I'm sure will hit It's been a long time comin' and I'm sure that I'm due I'm tryin' to keep this thing milk, for those dressed in silk And satisfy the fiends who be dressed in jeans [Regina Hall] Sadat X, would you say that you're the hardest working rapper? Tell us some of the places you've been [Sadat X] Honey I've been around the world and to African shores Piccadilly Square and to Tokyo stores Heard the roars of the German applause and shook the floors Then went to Denmark with my main man Spark [Regina Hall] Sadat X, what's this thing you started called the Cowboys? [Sadat X] These are just my Wild Boys, my man from the BX Most of y'all call me Sadat but over there they call me DX Bronx desperados shake ya up, make you a flunky Put ya Jones in the back of you ya hip-hop monkey [Regina Hall] Can you explain the incident in the O.K. Corral [Sadat X] I was at the bar coolin' out, drinkin' the daiquiri There's a mirror ahead so I see the kid in back of me Frontin' over an old beef Lookin' screwed and sucked teed And for what I'm just tryin' to live and get my cut [Regina Hall] Can I ask you all the question? [Sadat X] Honey I'll tell you no lies [Regina Hall] What make Sadat tick? [Sadat X] I'll tell ya but it's a surprise [Regina Hall] Can I ask you all the question? [Sadat X] Honey I'll tell you no lies [Regina Hall] What make Sadat tick? [Sadat X] Yo, a word from the wise [Regina Hall & (Sadat X)] OK we're gonna move on to uh...(Yeah, yeah let's move on) (I'm feelin', I'm feelin' good with this) Are you ready? (Oh, no diggity) Part two of our interview leads to the music What makes you choose it and do you abuse it? [Sadat X] I see moves ahead by three days, I have no Vettibeni I have no Luciano, just a drum and a piano There can't be no frontin' in these New York badlands Where kids walk around with the mic in they hand [Regina Hall] OK Sadat, you got a little off the subject Keep it on the music, concentrate on the beats [Sadat X] Hey, well war brought this over from the Brooklyn streets Evil D said to me can I spree on it It's my job to be on it Every day and all times... Whoever handlin' dimes and rhymes You know how we do in the middle of the living room Light up then boom then my hands will write a notebook You can pick up my quote book at the nearest Barnes & Noble Not conversated with pay but I'll still save the day [Regina Hall] Can I ask you all the question? [Sadat X] Honey I'll tell you no lies [Regina Hall] What make Sadat tick? [Sadat X] Yo, take this word from the wise [Regina Hall] OK Sadat X what's in the future for your people? Next year can we expect Wild Cowboys the sequel? [Sadat X] Oh no doubt but now's the time I'm talkin' about Cool Chuck, Tec and my man Shawn Bliggity Also known as Black, we'll lead by example On my butter there's a sample Say word if I'm absurd [Regina Hall] Any parting words Sadat? [Sadat X] Just that I'll blow up the spot And keep shit hot And hit the bank before three I'll take a check but cash is preferred I'll leave ya mind slurred and blurred Check it out [Regina Hall] Well that concludes our interview with the Wild Cowboys Sadat X (Yeah) Shawn Bliggity (Yeah) Chuck and Tec (Yeah, yeah, yeah) Thank you early bird (Yeah) and uh Mark the Spark And can I give a special thanks to uh to the Beatminers Who collaborated on this project (Yeah, yeah, yeah) Thank you fellas (Yeah, yeah, yeah) Wild Cowboys (Yeah, yeah, yeah) Ha ha (Ya know how we do, Wild Cowboys) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Sadat X Album: Wild Cowboys Song: Stages And Lights Typed by: jostmatt@bluewin.ch Yeah, yeah Once again as we join Sadat X On the great hunt for dough Along with my man Show B-i-z Representin D.I.T.C. Wild Cowboys make a lotta noise [ CHORUS ] 	Stages and cameras and lights don't affect me 	Same on the wax as the same on the street	(2x) Now for the good things in life, Show, let's keep this crowd minglin Been everywhere like twice, my latest trip been to England Learned this whole scene from the Grand Puba Peace to Lord Jamar and Nas Escobar My people Crime Family, they finally got a chance Long live Ralph [Name] and his crazy man Sam My man [Name], can I get a suit from Mecca? Brother [Name] from Karl Kani, can I get a shirt so I can be fly? I'd also like a Walker Wear suit made from April Hit me off in May when I'm heard on Ed and Dre, Scoop Jackson on the late night, New Jersey week night ??? say it, my joint they better play it Rhyme after rhyme after rhyme after rhyme Line after line after line after line  Somebody said did I know my man Kid Capri? I grew up on him and my man Brucie Bee The lone mic for hire like the viking If shit ain't to my liking I run and get the axe It's not that I'm a racist, it's just I'm pro-blacks You can't sleep in this here game  Cause there's cheese and There's a million MC's in public housin  A nigga'll step on your back Just to get a crack Got to go reign, the whole thing is like a game I ain't never been gold, but I got the platinum fame Like this [ CHORUS ] My energetic show is just half of the picture I take your suggestion, no question inflicted Add to it, then get bad to it The music man and I got what's hot I be the pleasure principle Reignin and restrain from buggin out And luggin out the heavy arms I'm to rap what Allen Iverson's to Georgetown The truth sayer, never team player I move, groove, groove and parlay If I could bone every day, would I go that way? Check it out At first I'll take a little lead to lead the whole world Jump and make the earth shake and expose the fake This is no coincidence, this was bound to be Tell the young history is bein made Goin backwards I had a low one, a baldie, and a fade Bein fresher neverthelesser makes me go all out Cause I'm out in the street too much Not to be too clutched Showbiz is my man, no question, ace Hit me off with the head-nod ??? My tunnel vision has my shit on collision We're makin dough, makin investments And stackin up the property 30 years from now the young boys is livin properly As the foundin father Of the style that niggas ain't even bother to find out It will blow your mind out Missioned in the circles of royalty Wild Cowboys I owe my whole loyalty At the scene of the crime, the new essence of the rhyme Comes out like a dime piece, braided and shredded Wack rappers get mean shouts from my team The riches, the bitches and all the fan fanfare But I stay aware just like the black bear '96 is my year [ CHORUS ] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Sadat X f/ Diamond (D.I.T.C.), Shawn Black Album: Wild Cowboys Song: Move On Typed by: compbuttons@hotmail.com [Sadat X, Diamond, Shawn Black talking] Check it, check it, check it the new reign Yeah, Wild Cowboys, 1-2-1-2 yeah Diamond D, D-I-T-C, the Crates Brand Nubian still up in here, no question I'm Shawn Black, so stop asking me questions [Verse 1] This solo thing I'm doin' here is real to me The most serious thing in my life, I can say up to this point My reputation is at stake, this where the men are mad Separate me from the sons put me with the big guns My energy now radiates from leads, grow trees I'm every time like crime on frustrated black men Hey you and ya buddy, y'all both need to study That my past records shows my pros is untraceable Flows will lace that ass, full fold in and I'm nice now, five years ago way back in the beginning When I was runnin' in back yards While people was playin' cards And eatin' barbecue, I'm one of the only few Sayin' take that pork off ya motherfuckin' fork Then they would front and cut out the mic And I'd be out on my bike Now Lil' Mo was there, Marvin Spark was there This is in the eighties now, the start of my long career [Hook] Move on, black man, move on Move on, black man, move on New year, same game, same shit goes on New year, same game, same shit goes on [Verse 2] We was young cats playin' Latin quarters We was playin' roof top, yeah don't stop And I was there at Union Square when KRS-One did his thing So y'all know what I'm bringin' to this ball game I got stacks of rhymes and papers and notes Lil' phrases written and my catchiest quotes I free them Hatians off them boats and give em' the finest ocean liners I hate brothers that's walkin' but mentally in recliners Hey who's that behind with the plastic and them scanners In the year 2000 will ya be on ya manners In concentration camps, wet floors and cold And population control keeps ya welfare comin' No more big fams, Uncle Sam damns And this MC Big Brother want the platinum At your expense, niggas ain't been heard from since I walk light and carry the big stick Give out my views to blacks and Jews and whoever choose to get hit With my shit I'm like the snowball effect And y'all should all stand erect when I pass Corporal with the ranch groove style, leadin' profile First leave the whole crowd thirsty and wet Wild Cowboys leadin' New York and that's my set I'm down with Lil' L and my man Akinyele I love her but I can't stand her mother Me and her brother ain't had the blessings to lead Kind of hard that I'm the G-O-D [Hook] [Verse 3] Yeah my rent is due and the phone bill too Long distance is dead, got to see ConAir All of these bills is risin' in my head But wait I got the child support Got the car note as the after thought Got the school loan then after college that was blown Did I forget with my car a lot of tickets I owe Now niggas hate, my youth it constantly grows Always need clothes, hey that's how it goes Word, and my wife, I gotta keep my home life in tact Some of her friends try to end me then try to act friendly That's that bullshit, yo now that's that bullshit Now my crew all money and I'm tellin' em' to hang on I'm tryin' to hang but sometimes that don't be workin' Nigas talkin' about gettin' a package and goin' down South and murkin' In Carolinas or to VA with the stash spot Tryin' to hit the jackpot, tryin' to hit the jackpot [Sadat X, Diamond (D.I.T.C.), Shawn Black ad-libs] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Sadat X Album: Wild Cowboys Song: The Funkiest Typed by: compbuttons@hotmail.com [Hook] Make it the funkiest (Make it the funkiest) Make it the funkiest (Make it the funkiest) Make it the funkiest (Make it the funkiest) Ooh, whoa, ooh [Verse 1] Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah I'll bring more, much more to the board I'll draw guns, be the first slingin' mud Whole lotta women and even old men See me on the streets say when you gonna hit up Wild rappers out there still tryin' to get up But I'll take ya boys way back, straight back Pull over near Lex, smoke roast of the fifth When I was nice now that I'm older I'm nicer Niggas line up, ya might as well sign up Cause this here blast is good for that ass My predicitons WHAT visit Japan WHAT Been to Africa WHAT sit down and feel that gut Went to Puerto Rico with my man Fat Joe And the infamous Louie Crack I know he got my back New York got sweet guns, got the smoke spots Give it I'm stashin' fuck it I'm smashin' All newcomers are goin' down this Summer Cause the X right here run this shit I'm as peace as peace can get Out standin' in the Atlantic just to get my feet wet Went to Roller Bear club, give the girl the real rub But girls yell sexual harassment But you go out, cage is ripped up in blades [Hook] [Verse 2] Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah Women see the men hit the the grind on the dance floor If ya can handle that then unleash funky way And if ya can handle that then get the hell outta here This ain't the place to be joined with ya wife's affair Now girls stay in line everyone is how I thought of Parents watch the pack cause one could be ya daughter I'll take a penny for those who sound silly Skinny man carries the fire hose Looks can be deceiving can't ya tell with ya clothes It's all there, lucky I swear Will appear from the rear, grab ya ear then I'm outta here Hit the horn before the male goes group Ellie gas is my style of past Now I'ma run on this beat, whippin' out rude cations Manhattan location and there ain't no vacation So stay on ya guard, ya ought to be safe But if approached and large Ya walk around and think ya whole life is stars I'm reachin' I'm strugglin' I'm tired of jugglin' I'm reachin' I'm reachin' I'm climbin' I'm climbin' No one in the world got this style of rhymin' Check it out Old enough to know New York's about to blow Roll with the home team, Ross gorilla family Lay on sheets of satin In the heart of black Manhattan Now new style runnin' with the park rangers Hate to break down the whole gate People often see me in jams They be thinkin' I'm high Nah that just be my lazy eye But I can't front, sometimes I be chiefin' Ya hear that, girl at the bar wanna taste wanna hear that No I didn't come to this here with no gun I just got my lil' army, I just got my lil' army It's like yubba over there and yuba over there I think she should split when I decide to appear WHAT I wanna see her stay and her jam Army protect me the king that I am Ya girlfriend was slammed cause she fronted on my man And when she did that it was Hell up in Harlem I'll take the loot but I can pass on the stardom This is just a lil' verse for y'all to get wet A lil' something showin' soon I'm a threat You can bet yo, and you bet I'm gon' make ya head get wet Make it the funkiest [Hook] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Sadat X f/ Dedi Album: Wild Cowboys Song: Escape From New York Typed by: compbuttons@hotmail.com Escape from New York Escape from New York Escape from New York Escape from New York Escape from New York Escape from New York Escape from New York [Sadat X] A 21 gun salute ain't nearly enough For some ol' shit this rough Dedi, oh baby boy watch this picture As we escape from New York we'll see a whole lot of fiction Drug dealers wanna be rappers and rappers frontin' drugs Big williness and sillyness if ya still in that room You be tyin' up the knot on Ma dude on the floor Tell ya I'm chillin' out here, the great X has gone dolo Shotgun partner D.R., bring that thing P.R. So we can swing P.R., together us three we are Tryin' to keep pace in the great rap race New York's a crazy place, my girl just caught a case If ya wanna feel the pleasure bring some proof and it's on My hands now on, no higher than the warden Came to lace up the wax with Pete and D.R. crew From the furniture and shelf to the rollin' cliffs of Dover [Hook x2] Listen up son, niggas wanna talk the talk But can ya walk the walk New York, New York 40 guns and playas, money, sex and rhyme sayers [Dedi] And I'm out, I'm reachin' for the bigger and the better More advanced to the letter, type excessive with the pressure Escapin' like some brothers with triple life AWOL, on the run from the man I gotta plan For real though, I wanna get this dough on the strip yo The next plateau, movin' up young fuck a ho And take it slow cause that's the only way to flow I rock a show and it's back to the rest so Stay out of my zone cause I'm stressin' effects Seekin' stacks of those plaques And the bommin' twenty sacks Relax maybe when I'm lewd and lampooned In my mansion dirty dancin' like Ace and Buchanan, jammin' Totally the opposite of famine Today's slammin' and you know I got to have the cannon For all those that talk the talk But can ya walk the walk Escape from New York [Hook x2] [Sadat X] Ah hell the great X has turned to king Let the caged birds sing And let the gauge take the stage Life's a hard hump for the average man Especially cause my skin's much darker than tan Got damn, Uncle Sam you was in the gram Now ya wanna front and act like you don't know about the fam But I know what cha' doin' to me, ya can't win Escape from New York don't bring ya ass back again [Dedi] So here we are, the X man, P.R. and the baby Paul On the premises, mission is to finish this The bonafide buggin' mic muggin' steady buggin' Breakin' backs with stacks and no fear Solid like stone and the family's sly Buy and sell, live well and make bail The single pop, hip-hop or mingle life Just for the sport, escape from New York [Hook x2] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Sadat X f/ Cool Chuck, Shawn Black, Tec Album: Wild Cowboys Song: The Hashout Typed by: compbuttons@hotmail.com Shit, fuck this shit [Hook] Who's is those niggas makin' all that noise Wild Cow-boys Who's is those kids makin' all that noise Wild Cow-boys I say the uptown kids got to say something To let the hash blow without coughin' mo' I said the cowboy kids have to say something To let the hash blow without coughin' mo' [Sadat X] Relax B, cause ain't no got damn problem Ever since I was born it was Hell up in Harlem Hot like 9-7 and I'm still point one Fuck with old school beats like oh check me now Coup Deville for this late night poet Used to live on 7th, I rhymed about eights Kidnappin' MC's who could not relate Uptown has been my home for 25 years 20 real niggas make 40 million a year Block to block, ya gotta bubble like shampoo Niggas is gettin' ugly and life is still a gamble My crack won't sell these niggas got a lower price It's all good so I gotta get shiest AK spittin' or should I do the street sweep We be strapped in the tinted down black Jeep Until X throw them lights on the low beam We started buckin' off shots at his home team He wanted money but he didn't want to murder kids He wanted props but he caught slugs in his face Feels good representin' for my crack turf [Shawn Black] Ah cat daddy what have we here Wild Cowboys scheduled to appear Life's no game, I'm like the travelin' man I'm not a gun slinger but I bring my lil' man named Rueben He'll do the poppin' then hop on the AmTrak And see ya in September when the high school starts back I'm like the fun packin' rapper Like to work the art, Napoleon Bonaparte Couldn't lead a war to party like the General X The one who protects, respects, and signin' checks And we leavin' and everybody's tore up And nobody tells you, my style can't be stored up I sound like another nigga WHAT! Beat cha' ass down WHAT! The Great X right here is like a monument Wild Cowboys is runnin' the government [* Various people talking *] [Cool Chuck] This one here is for the West or the East I roam streets, ride beats, ride freaks Dust rappers like a Hoover I wanna buy land, groovers just for the buddha The microphone demander I get into shit, get out shit call me Barry Sanders Wave your hand if your playas I got the gat watch me blaze ya Or cut cha' face with my razor Tryin' hoo-rake mine, how the fuck I'ma shine Corny rappers leave the mic alone Cool Chuck style, stay cream like the cream on ya corn I made ya girl moan, sexin' me when we at home Tryin' to sex me when we on the phone Style stays tragic like Magic Some of you rappers just don't got it Copeland Ave. makin' noise Cool Chuck signin' off sayin' peace to the cowboys [Tec] I'm the ruffneck, cruise on maneur to the prosecuter Glock 9 shotter leave you stunk like a sewer I pack rhymes like a 9 in my holster Put cha door up, I leave ya broker than a crack smoker Little league MC's will freeze Put my voice on wax and blow it up like the Japanese Cowboys and we do it like Texas outlaws Lettin' off four pause in the Legend Cool Chuck, D-X, and Tec runnin' wild Portland Ave style bury six rounds in ya crown Fuck the hoes in the limos It's all about the demos, order a dime to keep my mind stimo A lethal, desert eagle, so whatever people Ya be a cold corpse when the paramedics reach you Cause I leak lead and niggas sleep Get his head feet deep Into the concrete street Do whatever boy, do it like the cops fuck the crack slingers Cause ain't a dollar gettin' spent when the gat stick ya Uptown that's my project, can't stop Tec While the triple X bin got my nine wrecked Wild Cowboys makin' noise on the track, flip it We represent for my boys with the gats, kick it [Hook] Who's is those niggas makin' all that noise Wild Cow-boys Who's is those kids makin' all that noise Wild Cow-boys I say the uptown kids got to say something To let the hash blow without coughin' mo' I said the cowboy kids have to say something To let the hash blow without coughin' mo' The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Sadat X f/ Diamond D Album: The State of New York vs. Derek Murphy Song: X-Man Typed by: compbuttons@hotmail.com [Sadat X] You can call me X-Man, X-Man {repeats and fades} [Hook: Diamond D & (Sadat)] Make the joints thats hot It's Sadat (But chu' can call me X-Man) Roll in ya city and blow up the spot It's Sadat (But chu' can call me X-Man) Never catch me assed out, learn to keep a knot It's Sadat (But chu' can call me X-Man) Gettin' love from Eden Wall down to Pink Dot It's Sadat (But chu' can call me X-Man) [Sadat X] My nigga Diamond, he stay double timin' Sometimes he make the beats other times he be rhymin' Big pimp, can I walk with the limp and join ya fair, air play Niggas need to hear this, I got something to say In the winter we sportin' coats In the summer, on boats Playin' low cause the floss niggas are the first ones to go If I seen it once, I seen it happen a thousand times Niggas left from multiples to plan, these bullets hurt That's real blood on ya shirt My nigga beat June if he tune a new tune He stay home, only come out on rare occasions Parties, get-togethers, and low celebrations Cause that way a nigga won't have a track on you Cause now a days a scared nigga'll pull a mack on you I'm tryin' to see gray hair Meanwhile, my son is runnin' around in full warfare They wanna take it there [Hook] [Sadat X] Now picture if a nigga wrote my rhyme but I said it Nigga said it was hot so who gets the credit Now that's that role shit, I can't understand it If somebody wrote shit, put it out there I demand it Now my nigga Black Rob he ain't down with that And my man OC, he ain't down with that I've seen kids get chopped at the top of they game And low-ball kids get jerked and it's all the same You scream some R&B shit, they been doin' it for years Like I really give a fuck about a sweet, soul singer I bring the soul to this shit I'll fuck around and bring a hole to this shit And I could go on but I ain't realy bout makin' no hate song Let's raise our glasses, CHEERS The world done flipped like one thousand years And we seen it I run with niggas that talk shit but they mean it [Hook] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Sadat X f/ Hy Tymes Album: The State of New York vs. Derek Murphy Song: Ka-Ching Typed by: compbuttons@hotmail.com [Hook] I know ya bitches like mink and classy things Holdin' karats by ya ear with ya prepaid rings Gettin' called by a thug nigga flippin' them things Talkin' to ya how he want cause he think he a king This shit swing right next to his pocket, ka-ching Took ya in and out of town, show that ass some things Wrap ya body up in glass, call ya Miss Bling Bling Now tell ya friends about that cause it don't mean a thing Ka-ching ching [Verse 1] Yo on the real, yo the ho is a freak Gave me head in the car, I mean right in the street And if ya don't believe me then ask my niggas ya meet Live up on my block, sell pussy for free It don't smell, if it did I was high of the drink Intoxication is a fuck if my dick could think He'd probably tell me...slow down New York is ho town Close ya pants nigga or ya might go down Fuck a hole through ya condom now ya ass got a child Now ya know that ain't cha' style Don't wanna claim it, move away a hundred miles Called for child support and that ass blew trial Stressed out thinkin' what cha' gonna do now Gray tones growin' with a sharper tone than Al's Saxophone nigga blowin' money by the notes Stickin' us to get paid, I'm bustin' seeds in they throat Ya gets no fur on ya coat if you ain't hustle this coke Jigga said it aint a thing, KA-CHING, it ain't a joke It'll make ya grab ya totes and be out and reload And me, a business man, like to see my money grow And motherfuck a ho, I ain't trickin' no dough They haters with vibrators, they don't wanna see me though [Hook] [Verse 2] Lay out broads with the haze, lay out for two days Might tease the adventure See me freaked out with two chicks smashin' em' out Like a nigga had two dicks And the breeze done shook all the leaves off the trees Leads to homicide with the suit jacket Who want the keys in the tight package I walkin' past the park with Spark That's in the plain clothes harassin' the same niggas And smashin' the same hoes My lil' son Sammie hold the weasel Behind the phone booth and the wall is the teasil With em' up, we gon' live like ghetto stars, how we are We gon' fuck with all the broads and drink shit out the bar We gon' snatch a bitch too, throw em' in back of the car Money boss be a force Blast a gun in exhaust I don't want it no more, who had they coat and they ring on the fourth floor Yeah, let's get these broads and get the fuck outta here [Hook] [Verse 3] I got pussy on my mind But gotta keep it on the grind Track the wrong bitch, lusted for a life of crime Gotta sign, got the blind That's why I fuck em' feed em' Duck em' leave em' Then act like I don't need em' Because I don't need em' They all lyin' so you can't believe em' Fuckin' scandalous and they so conceited They make a nigga heart stop breathin' She whorin' every time he snorin' Fuck a nigga where he sleepin' That's why Trey gon' change the game Fuck a bitch, fuck a slut, fuck a whore be about cha' caine Ka-ching and don't forget cha' change Something to spin when ya tipsy And ya tip over in the Range Rover Ride it into October Fuck it, ya lived once plus the end is comin' closer [Hook] [Various ad-libs to fade] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Sadat X Album: The State of New York vs. Derek Murphy Song: Cock it Back Typed by: compbuttons@hotmail.com Yeah, cock it yeah [* Gun cocking *] cock it back Bling bling Dat [Hook] When I feel like I'm fallin' the fuck down And just for the fuck of it wanna let off a round What, cock it back nigga [* Gun cocking *] Cock it back, cock it back click [* Gun cocking *] When I feel like the world is pay I wake up one morning be like ya fuckin' me today Cock it back nigga [* Gun cocking *] cock it back Cock it back click [* Gun cocking *] cock it back [* Gun cocking *] [Verse 1] When I'm dead save my bones Take DNA and make clones Award, afford me luxury in my old age After these years I should be slidin' on the gold stage Missed the blades fifty, they left a nigga off the whole page Fifty motherfuckers that was better than me [* Gun cocking *] That mean fifty motherfuckers was boiling hot [* Gun cocking *] That's a lot, I can see that, that's a plot Y'all bring y'all best five to the game And I'm gonna do the same [* Gun cocking *] And if y'all win I'm burst from the same way I came The great Dat alligned with a bo-day of Arabs They said don't fly black, yo just play cabs Y'all happy y'all had a good day, y'all niggas slave slabs Y'all niggas got money then huh y'all niggas get paid tabs Save my mic in a steel case for when they blast this place And I can still be a hero to my race Y'all know I can't change my face That's why I only move with pros Who move that eighty long money when the bright sunshine And the streets was kind but we can't rewind I want that new money, tight fittin' jewel money Mine's on tour, so I can take no more So y'all niggas better knock it off [Hook] [Verse 2] Blame my check bein' late for this rage Blame child support for makin' me beats on the mailman I got a new whip but is fucked up as my old van Nigga crash my whip, you seen em' hit em' cause he was an old man [* Gun cocking *] I gotta cold hand these days and no heart You believe in that bullshit baby please don't start [* Gun cocking *] Cock it once and it means no stress House cleaned and you fumed into my favorite dress [* Gun cocking *] You say I feelin' best, hey broad don't gas me And don't ever take no money outta my pockets, yo just ask me See me down the block drinkin' Bud with the Mexicans Speakin' broken Spanish, I know a lil' I manage [Hook] [Verse 3] I'm about to leave New York I can't stay The way shit is goin' I might have to get away All day tryin' to hit me with prices I can't pay Niggas bust the guns, got to duck and stray Is the block clear, nah y'all can' rock here With the 12, 12, 38, and 58, 58 [* Gun cocking *] If we don't get it done here we gon' take it outta state Burn something in the air, let the room be few [* Gun cocking *] My broads gon' give a show cause I told em' so Cause they holdin' dough, while y'all niggas movin' slow Oh y'all ain't know, this is my every day flow [* Gun cocking *] [Hook] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Sadat X Album: The State of New York vs. Derek Murphy Song: If (It Ain't About Paper) Typed by: compbuttons@hotmail.com [Hook x2] If it ain't about paper, it ain't about me Put too much work in my hustle to die broke on these streets [Verse 1] I took some money and invested in some hookers Coca-Cola cookers, dick breakers, purse snatchers Wallet takers, money makers, high-speed chaser cop shakers Anything to stop the chief from tracin' catchin' cases I'm cop racist, tired of seein' their faces Been in the back seat too many times with blackened bracelets Which I don't give a fuck, y'all wanna see me do bad Cause I get up, get out, get off my ass, stuff duffle bags Sweatin' the doo-rag, yay in the blue bag Jealousy soon as I get down with more than you had Take trips with a bitch a stuff a click up of coke Love y'all but hate cha' city bitches, ya arrogant and broke Quick to pick the jack up, call a crack and send me to Central Use bitches for sex, money, ID's and rentals One tried to claim the family jewels I told the bitch I'm bad news, this cash rules [Hook x2] [Verse 2] I sleep with stars on the low Cause they my everyday hoes It's like I'm scared for em' Fuck around and laugh on em' But I ain't laugh when we lost all them grams though Cause they know they try to keep em' low but we sprang the door Cell bars can't stop ours Amateur broads is like movie stars and cinema screen Ol' shorty right there, I been fuckin' her since she was seventeen She a mean twenty-four now Should I jam the broad raw now The dick say yes But the brain say stress If you put on that dress you make a thousand dollars easy Set chu' up with the rich Asians Wanna flash them big faces I wanna clean operation Like ferry ferry freak off Pay for play, pick the broad you wanna slay Do it your way, I'm wait in the doorway Yeah I'm sellin 4-A, doin' it Don't blow me up, don't ruin it If it ain't about money dick, the X ain't pursuin' it [Hook x2] [Verse 3] Yo, let me speak some much all For now, we gon' kill the dumb talk Hold ya fort cause I ain't done And the struggle ain't fun I done sold crack, done that Sold pack, gotta run Yet I'm down for the coin, I need stacks bigger than Pun Ya understand my man, a nigga wanna see his nights Pop rubber bands if I have to pop rubber man Cause the chips I got can't take care of my mother and My immediate fam, so I scheme and scam to get some fetti in my hand It done been times when niggas look at Eddie like he petty But these niggas ain't my men Workin' with birds and can't throw the kid no grams But you wanna borrow toast when you caught in a jam Niggas'll scram, stay broke, nah I'ma bounce back Get a couple ounce stacks, take that and bounce that Now I got niggas givin' me eight off of g-packs And if it ain't about money, it ain't no need to believe that [Hook repeated to fade] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Sadat X f/ CL Smooth Album: Brand New Bein' Song: Nuthin' Typed by: newos_crib_is@hotmail.com [CL Smooth] Yeah, CL Smooth, DJ JS-One Sadat X, there's nuthin' anyone can say Here we go Yes, yes, uh, uh I bring a lean with it, toss a little green with it Heavy on my team with it, buss up on the scene with it There's nuthin' you can say, we be sipping rose You can quote the whole game but son I did it my way So clean and proper, that black Sinatra Another showstopper, we let it loose mama In the club with it, circle all the love with it We be on the dance-floor, what you think we here for? I'm so excellent, you're looking at the president You young'ns tried to dumb it out but I was more intelligent And so Hip Hop, and so mainstream We talking new cream, you on the wrong team We do it all day, castle to the hallway I came from the bottom up, there's nuthin' you can say [Chorus X3: Samples] "Nuthin' anyone can say" "Don't nobody say, say nuthin'" [Sadat X] Yeah that's right, Sadat X CL and JS There's nuthin' you can say about X Sadat X the great, the godfather See I'm up on Broadway with the O'Jays chilling I might not had a top billing, but I'm straight I'm cool for travel, the passport is a pass cause there's nuthin' anyone can say You want to go to gunplay, I don't think you want that We keep the burners but we don't flaunt that For eight months I was laid up in the New York jail Only contact by the phone or the mail They didn't give a nigga bail but I handled it Came home, ate dinner with my baby, it was candle lit No parole, Sadat stay ready to roll JS, hit these niggas with that soul I'm never too old, I won't stop till I pop Can't we get past this radio slop? [Chorus X4] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Sadat X f/ KRS-One, Rahzel Album: Brand New Bein' Song: Blow Up Da Spot Typed by: newos_crib_is@hotmail.com [KRS-One] (Sadat X) Yeah, KRS in the building now (Sadat X) JS-One, I had to be here man I had to be here man, Sadat X (I'm honored to be here with the Teacher) I'm on one knee right now KRS in the building! [KRS-One] Look, retire? Not yet! Out my fire? Not yet! Your skills higher? Not yet! You wanna be called kings and 'siahs but you sing for hire, you free? Not yet! Face the truth, but not yet! You blazed the booth but you still ain't hot yet! Not yet! KRS rhymes next, I'm complex I came too far to drop bars for Sadat X BX is on the block yes, this the top set Some of them others are not yet! But they act like they got the top rep Claiming king, but y'all ain't put a thing back into Hip Hop yet Got checks? We got pockets Got TECs? We got rockets You got clubs, we got sockets You got beats, we got topics Come in Sadat X! [Sadat X] Sadat X and the teacher, it's a creature, a beast of burden Energy exerting is few, cause rule is the fool is shot with his own gun I'm up with the sun in the earliest It's no more about the burners You've seen The First 48, murder is rap now So is smoking crack now, it's a new hustle, new gaffle You can win a raffle and be a rapper She's just telling the truth and you get mad and want to slap her I'm not a banger, never heard me with a real R&B singer I never had that, but I'm not mad at them tunes I've been through bitter cold Decembers and brilliant Junes Black man hold your seed up to the moon like roots and let 'em digest these fruits, it's good to live on [Chorus: Notorious B.I.G. scratches by Rahzel] "I blow up the spot" "I blow up the spot" "I blow up the spot with my man Sadat" [KRS-One] Yo, open up your eyes now Everyone talking bout crime now It's like we going back in time now I'm ready to shine now, get mine now But the more I climb now, I find now cats don't want you to rise now They want to hold you back by replacing the facts with the lies now But watch the skills I apply now I'm gonna be +BIG+ but I ain't +Ready to Die+ now Why mothers gotta cry now? Cause some dumb ass kid now is believing in the lie now What's the lie now? The lie is you ain't gotta try cause everybody out getting high now Why now? Cause you might see Chinese bombers flying across American skies now Man, I'm telling you to rise now Don't worry about your size now, it's time to get wise now [Sadat X] Now I'ma show you charm and keep you away from harm and then I'ma throw you something on the arm I'ma show you pull, show you how to keep your calendar full with show dates in Europe and the States Eastern District, one-sixty-first, where the new Yankee stadium use has built over the park, it only take a spark to light the bomb, then I'm off to four Auburn or I'm passing the Millbrook projects The Nine Life Crew, one-five-two Park Avenue, Grand Pu' to {?} I'm a problem on all joints, I need all points I touch Had Rahzel do the Biggie chorus, we loved him that much See Miss Jacob stayed on the hutch She can't wait till I stop, she pop myself with the clutch Sometimes she real tender to touch I stray, but she don't really hold no grudge The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Sadat X f/ Brand Nubian Album: Brand New Bein' Song: Brand New Bein' Typed by: newos_crib_is@hotmail.com [Lord Jamar] Lord Jamar, Sadat X Grand Puba, Brand Nubian Check it, yo Lord J, rap's Broadway Joe I'm like Namath cause I'm famous for the way that I flow See you're an anus and you're heinous, I just think you should know that in the plainest, you're the lamest and I think you should go straight to hell, New Rochelle, that's where I'm from You got money for a show then here I come You wanna front on the low then hear my gun I'll have you trapped in a closet with nowhere to run Huh, yeah, my flow is impeccable Yours don't make sense like homosexuals You do a show, I'ma throw more vegetables Youse a bitch, you need to grow some testicles Your whole style is unacceptable None of your albums will ever be collectable Least you could do is try to keep it respectable This is yoga rap, my flow is so flexible [Chorus: DJ JS-1 scratches] "Ghetto music rap, we doing it" - Lord Jamar "Brand Nubian" - Sadat X "I flirt with the idea of quitting the game  Nah, I'ma evolve, continue to change" - Xzibit "Ghetto music rap, we doing it" "Brand Nubian" "Ghetto music rap, we doing it" "Brand Nubian" [Grand Puba] Yeah, yo, 'Datty X, Grand Puba, Lord J See when I drop my thesis I keep a hundred niggas straight down the line like permanent creases That paper increases, hot whips on leases Sort of mine like nephews and nieces I give it to you straight black, I ain't never been a hate cat I'm more concerned with filling up my plate Jack Shit I'm starving, keep them bullshit snacks I need my bank account obese when I'm moving in that Maybach A fool can learn from his own mistakes But the wise man learn from others That's why when I give it to you homie, gotta keep it real talk so you ain't stuck with three baby's mothers I be that Mister Magnificent, oh so significant NY, so fly, viewing it from the bird's eye Grand Puba, the mammies are magnetic Bullshit niggas and bitches is getting deaded, uh [Sadat X] Grand Puba, Lord Jamar, 'Dat X the Wild Cowboy Wake up in the morning with the yearning for 'erbs Go to war with my dudes, it's like we fighting the Serbs And I ain't got to prove it to y'all The Jews and the A-rabs, that's a real brawl Don't let them slugs gas up your ear You was never in the jail, you never walked down the tier Me? I'd rather be surrounded by broads Even though I know half of them is really straight frauds Damn, it's great to be here with my brothers Blowing things in the air, ain't near no baby mothers I am still the Wild Cowboy, ask yourself who got more style boy I warn you, I'll go baseline on you Hit you with the eighth and you keep that faith The Brand Nubian combo, Grand Puba ensemble Still type hungry, let's eat this food I could jump in this stew, there's no known cure The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Sadat X, Fat Joe, Diamond D Album: America is Dying Slowly Song: Nasty Hoes Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Intro/Outro: all Hey brown suga, you know my name No need to front, if the thought's the same I got one night in town don't play no games Let's get it on no need for shame (repeat 2X) Verse One: Sadat X The X is like a monument, I'm old New York I hope you know where I'm comin from You got to take some, and then you leave some Good food, shoes and clothes Stay away from the nasty hoes Your old pops he don't like my style He resort to callin names as long as names stay names and no games I resist the urge to blast his old ass to flames A long hot summer, with no contract One-twenty blocks, breakin open that pack Your role models, now down with the bottles That's over near the store with the reinforced door and the breakaway for a pitbull named Thor, hah For real Slim, for real cause I can't stress no ass Cause it's, one where you came from, just like the same one That was there yesterday, today, tomorrow Assembly car lines, line em up from behind Sick that ass like a cactus, react to this dick, uh! Helmet wrapped tight sees no daylight I roll two-ply duke and that's a must Picture me knockin off shorty here with the rawness A year or two later got ta hear it And ain't got long to live, and ain't got long to live Good lovin, food and clothes Stay away from the nasty hoes (repeat 2X) Just live, and let live... niggaz, live, and let live Verse Two: Fat Joe Welcome to the world of AIDS is what she wrote on the mirror with the red lipstick before I woke Who would ever think that this would happen to me Bitch hit me off with HIV, purposely Met her at the club, think it was the Copa Scopin out her thighs and, sizin up her chocha Seductive red dress, lookin Halle Barry-ious What's your name Miss? "Sixty-Nine" Nice alias Next thing you know, face up the asshole Tongue on the clit, chick screamin "Ay Fat Joe!" Didn't have to taste her, but the puss was callin me Think that I should lace her "Nah it's much safer orally" The moral to the story is the mustard's all around So boricuas watch to see that you can catch it goin downtown Practice safe sex never flex unprotect I ain't really got AIDS, it's just a motherfuckin record Intro/Outro The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: UGK f/ Keith Murray, Lord Jamar Album: Don't Be A Menace... soundtrack Song: Live Wires Connect Typed by: davpaul@dove.net.au Keith Murray, UGK and oh my Lord Jamar Intro/Chorus: Lord Jamar The east to the west Up north to the down south Live wires connect So if you swangin on thangs 	(Keith Murray, UGK and oh my Lord Jamar) or down to gangbang, or waitin on the train It's still the same thang *repeat* [Bun B] You cut your mind and your body with the rhyme and the shotty Go and find me or hidin, with wine and Bacardi Get down like John Gotti then I gotta get lost I'm gone in the wind My momma keep on tellin me there's Bun in the sin I guess I'm hell-bound destined to learn my lesson, sess in my chestin It burn but I keep on puffin, no bluffin They don't call me Big Bun for nothin No homeboys you come dead, well put em to rest Bumba clocks em all dead, wit two in his chest Botty bwoy you come dead, and if in all die Will you run dead em again? Well go on buddy let em fly That's how it is in my city, and your city sir it gets no pretti-er just more gritty per capita, all around >From the five boroughs on down to the mighty Bro town Chorus [Lord Jamar] Now watch this current rock it current for a sentence for a triple homicide, cripple any drama that reside in the mind of those livin outside of my stateline Let em know we all the same kind with the same crimes, catchin the same time, which translates to hang time Organised gangs slangin dime Lord Jamar is black G-zuz, I sees this everywhere I go, brothers hustlin to make the doe Fast or slow, ya wanna see your cash grow like grass, but meanwhile take a blast of the el and let the smell resonate, never hesitate when it comes to puttin food on your plate Devise schemes by all means Like a sunrise when it beams, keep your eyes on the CREAM Live Wires on the team Connect, get respect for they realness I know you feel this Chorus [??????] Uhh, now who that tryin ta claim they be thumpin That's only when your funky little fake tape be bumpin You can catch a square and get done unfair because aah, I'll be there, I'll be right there Cocoa butter, got that, make em all for Real life hustler movie maker, I know how y'all feel But long as I'm alive I'ma do the right thing and block out this stress my past criminal life might bring The only way I use to nip it in the bud was ta try and put some bullets in some of you joker's guts I got victims, G it ain't about the face you make It's all about the place you take between yourself and snakes Now everybody open up your arms for the cocoa- Mr.Former Football Player-ex drug dealer-gold digger- killer with scrilla, they be missin me with the bomb breakin Cos I gets busy like no cornwheat Chorus [Pimp C] I'm tryin ta stack paper, these pigs can't stand me It's all about my family, it's all about my candy It's all about the crush, all about the feelin good All about the rush, all about us, the first family Somethin that a young fool never really planned to be but funny situations, do bring change and young fools do out here in this wicked game That's how I'm gon' starve when fools eatin steak Man, I can't stop now, too much money out here to make Now you could turn your nose up and you can suck your teeth but I gotta get this money, ain't nobody gonna get it for me And I might have to do shady things Stick up kid all out, no shame Run your rings, ear ring in change Don't make me give it to ya cos it ain't no thang I do it for the glory man, cuff the thangs I gotta let em hang, I'm stuck in '87 tryin to regain my brain Too many undercovers know my name A phone line like fire cos I'm a live wire Chorus [Keith Murray] Who is this with malicious onslaughts? Keith Murray, UGK and oh my Lord Jamar And we bustin on all you losers Ridin twenty-deep in two black Land Cruisers Recognise or get paralysed with the drum Where I'm from they promise you a fair one, then blast you with the gun And everybody standin around like it's funny Junior L.O.D pickin your pockets for your money The checkered, I slide off and make a funky record about it No more than four minutes and some seconds And live wire connected, from my peoples on the street who respect it and the jeeps, hoopties, Benz and Lexus My squad stretches from New York to Portland to Texas Let's see who's next to test this Some herbs, ready to get their heads served to the hard curb...... Chorus Artist: Sadat X & Grand Puba Album: High School High Song: The Next Spot Typed by: nelly@itis.com Hook: To the next spot on to the next spot on to the next on to the next (x4) Grand Puba Intro: Yeah. Sadatty X. Grand Puba baby. ? up in here. Huh Grand Puba: Ay to my brother Big Dat show me what cha got Sadat X: Grand Puba Maxwell only time will tell Grand Puba: Time to put it all down and spread it around Sadat X: Now that the weather's warm lets release the storm Grand Puba: Ay my MC thesis leave MCs in pieces like Rieces Controling chickens with telekinesis Sadat X: I shake the high school class way pass through the text book Will be the next hook check the home row Grand Puba: I hit a flow that's oddly cause I be Godly Grand Puba comin' with that garbage not hardly Sadat X: In the land of the wild we maintain our style We play low, pickup the tab and go Grand Puba: Hey we move swiftly like the second hand on a Rolex And move in the curve when it's time to cash the big checks Sadat X: There's a million ways to live on this thing called a planet I'm a live everyday I ain't takin' nothing for granted As long as I can stand it or at least that's how I planned it Live well, be on catch the sunshine Hook Grand Puba talking: Huh Sadatty X. We keep it moving. Yeah, Grand Puba baby. What? Sadat X: From the island beaches to the high school teachers Dancehalls and malls others graffitti on the wall I'll be here till three till the old bell rings Give me a minute to chill and I'll collect my things The word around town is that I took the crown Best in the world pound for pound Been around this place and I will astound So c'mon everybody let's all get down Grand Puba: Ay I ain't mad at this game it's been good to me I get Tommy free I get Nike free I got 19 inch chromes on my 8 50 I got three different cribs no tellin' where I be See, I don't like to brag but I'm good at this rhyme thing Gun sling no drug things no matter what they hygene My level on conscious make some sound like nonsence It me, Sadat puttin' it to ya live Hook Grand Puba talking: Yeah lay up stay up. No dills new yills. All the way across the world and we go like this. Sadat X: I make you party all night like when your mom work the night shift And you had company, a female body Now I ain't sayin' nothin' that ain't been said before With my hands in the source as I'm make ya a big boss I seen the kid floss for one long night And get bail outta sight and can't handle it But he fronted when the dinner was candle lit Ain't no steaks for these frontin' fakes Grand Puba: Ay third verse final chapter  Mad three smoke I'm after But there's still one main factor  Time to spread some love and laughter I'm civilized so I have to deal with Actual Facts No matter where yo at it's still considered black on black Rather see you with a dime havin' a good time to my rhyme Sadat's rhyme and everything'll be fine Hook The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Grand Puba f/ Sadat X Album: I Like It 12" Song: I Like It (Buckwild Remix) Typed by: scott_rodkey@hotmail.com "Ladies and gentlemen, I've found him, I want you to meet the baddest motherfucker in town (right on, right on, right on)" [Grand Puba] Who is it? Well its Grand Puba honey (I like it) With my man Stud Doogie love (I like it) Dropping 2000 (I like it) Dig the way this go down Check it, I hit a flow all dipped in lotion Sit back and sip Mo as I'm countin' my dough Grand Puba Maxwell, Doogie, comin' with the New York We keep it real like jail when we mic talk Honies know 'cause when I'm in the set Grand Puba is the one who makes they stink box wet So let me tell you something lady When you flow this flow then it's all cream and baby I made this one for the honies in the party To find a hottie and dance body to body Step 1, first you grab honey by the waist Step 2, then you move out a ghetto pace Step 3, then you look her dead in the face Step 4, now it's time to leave this place Hold up, be careful of the cheesers The teasers, the one who wants the money and the Visas I'm a tell honies straight off the bat But please don't even go there with that, dig it This ones designed to make your spine in your back wind Grand Puba nice setup for you every time 	"Ooooh, and I like it" 	And you say New York City (I like it) (Repeat 4x) [Sadat X] Hey the Grand Puba's a great friend of mine Took a young boy who was dead as, told him a little something The young boy grew to be an X "One for All" was the number one joint one summer Can you remember? Everyone had it, that shit was bangin' Now it's the nine-nickle and I'm seeing the year 2000 Drinking Crystal, ride the Range, think it's strange Me and Puba is like a hard act to follow Watch young rappers wild out, eventually fall out Cause they don't know how to get that dough Just cause a nigga say is written in bold Don't mean he got that money control Reunion album to the highest bidder 300,000? Go ahead, you's a kidder Cause the boy's right here holding out for half a brick 	"Ooooh, and I like it" 	And you say New York City (I like it) (Repeat 4x) [Grand Puba] *sings* Could it be I've stayed away too long? Seems MC's be wishing I was gone Because they wanna be where I are, but you can't get that far So stop wishing on a star, it's only one Grand P So honey do what you did on the night you creeped with me Its no doubt I come real with that, the butter track The one that makes the honeis hit the bed mat Im energetic, poetic, athletic, with good credit So just move like I'm Simon and I said it You see my flow is just a step ahead I'm still wicked in a bed because I'm down right nasty like newlyweds So back up and let me breathe, cause when it comes to gettin' down I'm gettin' looser than a crackhead's hair weave And I, bet ya my dolly, while you never find another style like this If you search a million miles So why don't cha let Puba ingnite your body I hit a flow liike Al Jarreau See I've been doin' this for years I'm leaving MC's in tears, tears, dig it Cause they falling just like the rain Grand Puba's too much for the brain Now gold diggers who try to get it I left 'em backwards, they thought they farted when they shitted Cause Puba's everything, and everything is Pu Cause I hit 'em with a (one), and then with a (two) Yeah, cause that's just how Grand Pu and Stud Doogie do You didn't know I was the bomb baby? Somebody should have told you, somebody should have told you 	"Ooooh, and I like it" 	And you say New York City (I like it) (Repeat 4x) 	Down for ours, we gets down no doubt (Repeat 4x) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page   Warning : include(/home/ohhla/www/anonymous//sadat_x/rm_bside/lump_rmx.sdx.txt) [ function.include ]: failed to open stream: No such file or directory in /home/ohhla/public_html/files/lyrics.php on line 67   Warning : include() [ function.include ]: Failed opening '/home/ohhla/www/anonymous//sadat_x/rm_bside/lump_rmx.sdx.txt' for inclusion (include_path='.:/usr/lib/php:/usr/local/lib/php') in /home/ohhla/public_html/files/lyrics.php on line 67 The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Brand Nubian Album: Menace II Society Soundtrack Song: Lick Dem Muthaphukaz Typed by: compbuttons@hotmail.com, davpaul@dove.net.au [Lord Jamar talking] Ah yeah, ya know what I'm sayin' Nine trey, Brand Nubian in effect On ya motherfuckin' head Not givin' a fuck Word up, know what I'm sayin' In the wilderness of North America [Verse 1: Lord Jamar] You like to taste the lead, well get ya face fed After I'm done, you rather suck on pencils Here comes the coroner with chalk for the stencils of your body As I walk over the shit and spit outta heart Now brothers talk shit and can't back it That's why I had to fit em' for a full metal jacket Peel his cap once cause I know it's all it takes Watch the motherfucker fall and his body catch the shakes (BLAST) Just before he die, I'ma look him in his eye Ask the nigga how he figure he was big enough to try The motherfuckin' G to the O to the D I told ya couple times that the Gods must be crazy But ya didn't listen, so now ya on a mission To get an autopsy, a raw C-O, ya can't stops me Now tell me is there anybody else Before I put my AK back up on the shelf Cause I put in work like Job Corps Niggas talk shit and get jerked and robbed for Their life by a knife or a gun So when ya see me comin, nigga run [Hook] See I had to lick em' - Punk motherfucker See I had to lick em' - Punk motherfucker See I had to lick em' - Punk motherfucker See I had to lick em' - Punk motherfucker E-Everybody down with my crew, a fuckin' menace to society E-Everybody down with my crew, a fuckin' menace to society E-Everybody down with my crew, a fuckin' menace to society A fuckin' menace to society [Verse 2: Sadat X] Somebody's dead, a whole crowd forms The cops ain't even come yet and money's dead in the street Somebody called his people and they come downstairs screamin' Six girls cryin' wild cause money had a child A good dick, couldn't even stand the .44 lick Dead quick, the funeral is strictly closed-casket And ol' Aunt Faith, her baby fingerpaints My moms know the time so she wanna send me down to Alabama I gotta cousin, says she's got some friends She says they strictly fuckin' I could get away from buckin' She tried to gas me up, I tell her sex is everywhere And sex is but a word, it ain't shit I ain't heard Tell my moms I ain't leavin' my crew said to stay My crew I'm believin' so fuck it anyway I got my mob from the rule, that live by the cruel And my crew from Courtland Ave. they always say they'll set it off And if I choose, who's somebody might die And if they don't die then they won't be able to walk Pump slugs in his back for talkin' pussy talk [Hook to end] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Brand Nubian Album: Money Talks soundtrack Song: Keep It Bubblin' Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash 	[Lord Jamar] Uhh, one time for my peoples that be lovin the rhyme (that's right) We keep it bubblin, even in these troublin times 	[Sadat X] And two times for my people who be givin support (Alamo) Showin us love in this rap sport (whatcha say, whatcha say J) 	[Lord Jamar] One time for my peoples that be lovin the rhyme We keep it bubblin, even in these troublin times 	[Sadat X] And two times for my people who be givin support (Now Rule) Showin us love in this rap sport [Sadat X] I'm enhancin, with the ? slams of hash if the hellion pick on the black skelly You ridin in cabs, from the Harlem and the ? van with two hundred fan, to the telly wop and you don't stop [Grand Puba] Uhh, you go for this like a gofer but my shit be protected like the plastic on your grandmother's sofa See more pennies than a loafer, whip the SP-500 No chauffeur, if I slide to the ?, make sure I keep a prophy- [Lord Jamar] -lactic, mathematical tactics We never movin backwards, attractive To the active, mental state, and these black kids can relate, to the shit we spit on the wax plate [Sadat X] The have-nots in this world is the type that lose they girl ? got stacked, but you ain't matched your mack Them folks'll make it happen, somedays I say fuck rappin in the Jimmy's Cafe suaree, I will play (that's right) 	[Lord Jamar] Uhh, one time for my peoples that be lovin the rhyme (yeah, yeah) (yeah, yeah) We keep it bubblin, even in these troublin times 	[Sadat X] And two times for my people who be givin support Showin us love in this rap sport (East coast) (yeah) 	[Lord Jamar] One time for my peoples that be lovin the rhyme We keep it bubblin, even in these troublin times (West coast) 	[Sadat X] And two times for my people who be givin support Showin us love in this rap sport [Grand Puba] Now I be the minnnnd bogglin, iced tea gogglin Rhyme style thorough, collect paper like the Tri-Boro My flows release from New York to the Middle East Go and ask your niece, want a piece? Hot like fish grease [Lord Jamar] This release we bout to let go'z'about to set mo' niggaz on they ass, figurin we pass You fuckin with an all-star cast, Lord Jamar, Grand Puba and Sadat make it hot for your ras claat [Sadat X] I'm stompin all these prices, known to blow out sales Fly enough to be whale, with my eyes open keep the clutch tone, everything, that I touch, I own And I'll be here doin my thing, til my daughter is grown [Grand Puba] Now it's from New York to Tokyo, Guanamana Me-xi-co Point me out at Tex-a-co, and watch the Range Rover flow Play it in your hood cause I be that damn good Slam my balls, up in more holes, than Tiger Woods 	[Lord Jamar] Uhh, one time for my peoples that be lovin the rhyme (that's right) (that's right) We keep it bubblin, even in these troublin times 	[Sadat X] And two times for my people who be givin support Showin us love in this rap sport (in this rap sport) (yeah) 	[Lord Jamar] One time for my peoples that be lovin the rhyme (whatcha say J) (whatcha say J) We keep it bubblin, even in these troublin times (uhh) 	[Sadat X] And two times for my people who be givin support Showin us love in this rap sport (worldwide) [Lord Jamar] It be the rich and the prominent that leave you lost I be the dominant force, similar to gravitation Follow my course of navigation, we'll earn respect and admiration of the population pump it on your station [Sadat X] A masked man came with the quick-fast game with the kick-ass aim, and the plan for holdin big heads Tryin to jump two spaces and beat two different cases I been to many places so you know this is the time [Grand Puba] So check the rhyme gallery, I earn the top salary I go to battles, cause my rhymes is superfat with calorie Watch the Grand blow up like The Nutty Professor Tommy Hil' better see me with three mil', nothin less [Lord Jamar] From the days of James Brown up to Erykah Badu Mass hysteria was nothin new, we put it down in the midst of the abyss and likeness of God Makin sure the course stays hard, yeah, what 	[Lord Jamar] Uhh, one time for my peoples that be lovin the rhyme (yeah) We keep it bubblin, even in these troublin times (say what) 	[Sadat X] And two times for my people who be givin support Showin us love in this rap sport (uhh, uhh) (yeah) 	[Lord Jamar] One time for my peoples that be lovin the rhyme (keep it goin J) We keep it bubblin, even in these troublin times 	[Sadat X] And two times for my people who be givin support Showin us love in this rap sport 	[Lord Jamar] (Sadat X, whatcha say? Lord J, whatcha say) Uhh, one time for my peoples that be lovin the rhyme (yeah, yeah) We keep it bubblin, even in these troublin times 	[Sadat X] (Grand Puba, whatcha say? Alamo, whatcha say?) And two times for my people who be givin support Showin us love in this rap sport (East coast) (yeah) 	[Lord Jamar] (Stud Doogie, whatcha say? East coast, whatcha say?) One time for my peoples that be lovin the rhyme We keep it bubblin, even in these troublin times (West coast) 	[Sadat X] (West coast, whatcha say? Whatcha say? Whatcha say?) And two times for my people who be givin support Showin us love in this rap sport [Grand Puba] It's like that huh, what? It's like that uhh, what? Keep it goin now, what? It's like that like that it's like that huh? Uhh, Brand Nubian Ninety-seven Born's God, Born's God Uhh, Brand Nubian, ninety-seven Born's God, Born's God The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Kool G. Rap, Lord Jamar *, Talib Kweli Album: Oz soundtrack Song: Oz Theme 2000 Typed by: mothegreat@bet.com * in character from Oz as "Supreme Allah" [Talib Kweli] For all my people who got someone locked down right now Fuck it, this for everyone locked down right now, fuck it Help me out, Lord Jamar, Talib Kweli, Kool G Rap [Kool G. Rap] From the street blocks, to c-blocks, sleep in a box Creep with an ox, got beef in the shop, got beef with the cops Sharp blade keep in the crotch, prison guards deep on the watch Fifth stare people'll drop, if it ease not then we peeping it pops Even though they not speaking a lot,  the plot ease drop, greasing a cop Come to shove meat in your chops, flee the spot, sheets in a knot Get tied from your feet to the top, you caught in the hall,  make blood skeet with a mop If you doing shift in the kitchen blood'll leak in the pot, Just a long game of sheep and the fox Phone time, beef for your slot, the shit'll make you weep in your coot Mayors get messy y'all, nigga get shanked up in the chest he fall Pressed against the wall, got the best of y'all,  stitch from neck to balls Skin cut flesh and all, stretched out unless you balled,  nothing sexy at all The life destiny wall, hope the Lord bless when he call,  Stand like a man or be a Debbie in core, heavier  they come heavier from nigga to whore Be a predator, dead in the morgue, a spread in the log (Chorus 2X: Talib Kweli) In the prison, industrial complex You got taxes, politics, jobs death Gross stun it, cold blooded, dark and heartless From the pyramids down to the projects [Lord Jamar a.k.a Supreme Allah] What do it take, vandal try to escape I got a homemade shank, wrap the handle with tape Better move quick fast, I got a trick for your ass Niggas in my clique stick dick to your ass So we don't give a fuck trying to make time past Here eat it up feed a nigga fine glass Got jail house wine in the stash,  Every time the caf serve swine yo I tell I pass Do like Beecher did to Shillinger and shit on your ass You the feature when I'm killing ya, hit on your ass Supreme Allah said we got time to kill So when it's time to kill, we got time to kill In the yard with the guards when its time to build And time is hard got to use my wills See shit has changed every since they killed Adebisi You never know niggas might try to grease me (Chorus) [Talib Kweli] The image that we pro-ject is still God Time to reflect but the reflection is hard Like sticking mirrors out between the bars, seeing the guards Seem like everybody innocent regardless of the charge You face death, rape threats, and place bets,  on who getting laced next Forever faceless never waste breathe  Blowing out the candles that the wind already snuffed out They locked up your body your mind could bust out Police don't sweep to get the dust out They want your name in the system,  My need to mention the death penalty as legal lynching People listen, they got teenagers up in the line up To fill the new facility they built they need the crime up Please, the war on drugs is really war on the youth War on the people, war on the truth The violent crimes rise,  the silent dies as sirens cry through the night People fight for what's left and not what's right (Chorus)  [Talib Kweli] Word is bond {*Goes into a Augustus Hill on Oz skit*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Brand Nubian f/ Diamond D Album: Punks Jump Up to Get Beat Down 12" Song: Punks Jump Up to Get Beat Down (Remix) Typed by: scott_rodkey@hotmail.com [Diamond] Step up, step up and catch a bad one... [Sadat X] A lot of kids is wondering, or hoping that I fell You are here to talk and I'm here to fucking walk Let me ask a little something, I let my track record float Niggas want to play me, and say I go broke But dig it, the way I figure it's one less man It's more cash in my hand [Lord Jamar] Yeah, you know what I'm saying? Give it here, baby You know what I'm saying, mo' money, mo' motherfucking money [Sadat X] Well uh King's bridge, do you got a man? I'm asking you the question, don't try to front Cause if he's asking for a present he can get one I won't hesitate, rather be first than late Hoe there's your man now, yo he'd better chill See I had to lick him, why'd I do it? Shit you knew it, money fucked around and blew it John Wayne couldn't even stand the reign of the Tec Do I get respect on the mic, wreck My name is X of the Nubian breed Got one seed but I don't chill, let the wax proceed 	Step up, step up and catch a bad one 	Punks jump up to get beat down! (Repeat 2x) [Diamond] Well it's the kid boy wonder, straight from the under Ground with the Nubians, so engineer cue me and I wreck shit Pick up the loot and it's on to the next skit Beat down a punk and I'm out through the exit So baby get into a thing Cause Diamond is dope, there's no need to mope I make jams that slam but I'm not souped up If I'm not with a stunt then I'm home couped up Making hits from pieces and bits Niggas still talk shit, but I pop 'em like a zit Straight from the Bronx with the kids from the Now Rule Together on the joint was a definite power move Yeah, so yo kid feel the funk Diamond is out and beating down all punks So step up, if you want to keep your rep up I don't have to smoke a blunt to get pepped up 	Punks jump up to get beat down!  	Step up, step up and catch a bad one (Repeat 2x) [Lord Jamar] Well punk motherfuckers try to flex on the G-O-D But like I said yo the Gods must be crazy So it don't phase me or my gat Just put up your thangs and then we start to slang joints Scoring points like a Genesis Everybody down with my crew are fucking menaces To society, cause society failed to embrace the black male variety So that's why we're so damn hostile Beat a motherfucker down like he was a stepchild Break him up in the ribs with the knuckles of brass Take off my belt and then I buckle your ass You say you've never ran but we'll have you running fast Lord Jamal is quick to blast when 	Punks jump up to get beat down!  	Step up, step up and catch a bad one (Repeat 2x) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Brand Nubian Album: Slam soundtrack Song: Time is Running Out Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Sadat X] The time is running out, tick-tock, like the grains of sand Every man sharpens man, like steel sharpens steel The threat of a war is real Where my soldiers for the battlefield? And as the days of the two-oh approach I drop a seed in my girl, so I can stay in this world And decompose the foes that jumped up under our clothes We living on rows on top of rows and, half our stores is clothed We still trickin out, jerkin out Half the project workin out They buildin underground cities While we concerned about seein titties With they secret, commities, and society, orders They carryin out the slaughter Picture your daughter on State's for a quarter My old Uncle Sam fought in the war of Vietnam Got caught with napalm and burned off half his fuckin arm The government knew then about the lasting effects And they cut off his checks and if he wild out he'll be murdered Or possibly herded, to the VA Hospi-tal Where they got em under on roof Where they can conceal the proof You can see shit changin cat it can't stay the same Damn I wish the government didn't have my real name [Lord Jamar] The time is running out, tick-tock, like the grains of sand Every man sharpens man, like steel sharpens steel The threat of a war is real Where my soldiers for the battlefield? [Sadat X] The time is running out, tick-tock, like the grains of sand Every man sharpens man, like steel sharpens steel The threat of a war is real Where my soldiers for the battlefield? [Lord Jamar] Time for my army to get it on, we marched upon the lawn out in D.C., stated our word is bond on TV Unfold the prophecy left in the cold by democracy This whole world is based on hypocrisy It's evil to the roots and now we burn and loot, and shoot guns Extort funds, kidnap another Patty Hearst and tap her daddy's purse, anarchist, smoking cannabis wrapped in brown leaves, you now trapped with the town thieves The ground breathes in the fumes of death Clouds loom from the smoke, of the fires we set We travel underground the sewer system, and train tunnels We let you know that you was victims, of brain funnels Information like computer generation, see Proper Education Always Causes Elevation It's time for liberation, we gonna put this plan in activation Government assassination, written in revelation [Grand Puba] Pardon me mister, well it's the eight-five resister to give your brain cell a blister so fine-tune your resistor Every ghetto corner's goner so I think that should wanna take heed to the seed, once I plant it we can feed Now we stuck on stupid in a state of unawareness Makes us, fearless endearless Recklessness makes us careless This idiology, stupidity, lack of idealogy periodically destroys us psychologically Cipher's dimension is viewed on dissension Like a undetected chemical that creates mad tension We all been inject now we all become infected Ways and action of our people is the way that we detect it It's gettin trifer, we should run the six sects Taking tons of you now follow by, twenty-one ciphers But we don't, cause we frozen, posin, at thirty-two degrees That's no way for the chosen to be dosin The time is running out, tick-tock, like the grains of sand Every man sharpens man, like steel sharpens steel The threat of a war is real Where my soldiers for the battlefield? [Lord Jamar] The time is running out, tick-tock, like the grains of sand Every man sharpens man, like steel sharpens steel The threat of a war is real Where my soldiers for the battlefield? [Sadat X] Cause right about this time, they tryin to trace my moves by simple things like bills, they tryin to mark my location At home or on vacation through my ChemicalBank card They tryin to kill the God and through my food feed me lard [Grand Puba] It be that lesson temptation for them devilish type creations Making the black mind feeble with they thought pattern Evil like Kneival, or conniving, got no time for eighty-fiving It's time to educate instead of wasting all our time [Lord Jamar] We goin to hell in a handbasket, fell into a casket Cause for drastic measures, we should all stick together Final Call, we better heed instead of chasin after cheddar cheese Before we back to slavery commitin acts of bravery yo The time is running out, tick-tock, like the grains of sand Every man sharpens man, like steel sharpens steel The threat of a war is real Where my soldiers for the battlefield? [Sadat X] The time is running out, tick-tock, like the grains of sand Every man sharpens man, like steel sharpens steel The threat of a war is real Where my soldiers for the battlefield? The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Brand Nubian Album: Soul In The Hole soundtrack Song: A Child Is Born Typed by: davpaul@dove.net.au 	[Lord Jamar - interpolation of Grandmaster Flash's "The Message"] 	A child is born with no state of mind 	Blind to the ways of mankind 	God is smiling on you but He's frowning too 	Because only God knows what you'll go through, uhh 	A child is born with no state of mind 	Blind to the ways of mankind 	God is smiling on you but He's frowning too [Sadat X] He grew up in an instant, the fourth of seven children The oldest male on the block was half and half Brown stones to neck bones, crack jonez to tones Where young girls spread out and drop seeds like they're farmers They're old as their momma's, the same age as their aunt and the neighbourhood drunk men and that lady with the dreaded disease is like hard to please And the house of ill fate with the metal gate Keep the thin people cracked out like munchkin monks The ole man with the fruit stand is on his man His hand, his ole heart just can't stand the CPR as they load him in the back of a car I'm on a world tour to help free the poor >From the local drug cats to kids in front of the store Number runners, gangbangers and the big money spenders Reality check rings as we descend from the king 	[Grand Puba] 	Now a child is born with no state of mind 	Blind to the ways of mankind 	God is smiling on you but He's frowning too 	Because only God knows what you'll go through 	A child is born with no state of mind 	Blind to the ways of mankind 	God is smiling on you but He's frowning too 	Because only God knows.... [Lord Jamar] The home's filled with horror in my horoscope Tomorrow I could be broke, this ain't a joke I'm twenty dollars away from bein dead ass I'm bout to spend half on a bag to get my head blast Last week I lost to justice cypher born and spawned a riff with my wiz now she dead with my kids I live by the subway, niggas push drugs in my hallway All day everyday tryin to get the pay And I be tryin ta find a better way You see, when you're poor then you're forced to adore to raw play Survival be a forte, lookin forward to-a robble up your food stamps Projects' like boot camps wit generals cookin chemical warfare Ki's to a mayor, I ain't seen ya ass in four years The law bears down on anybody that's brown My complexion puts me in the direction of the section 8 Rejection seems to be my fate As a kid, don't wanna ship my momma, always said I had to wait And it's been drama up to date Enough to traumatise people's lives and the eyes they try to fixate 	[Sadat X] 	A child is born with no state of mind 	Blind to the ways of mankind 	God is smiling on you but He's frowning too 	Because only God knows what you'll go through 	A child is born with no state of mind 	Blind to the ways of mankind 	God is smiling on you but He's frowning too 	Because... [Grand Puba] Born into existance with some resistance A struggle comin out my ol' earth's womb It was little past noon, three months before June I had a feelin I was headed toward the land of doom I came out and the doctor got ready to smack I grabbed the 'bilical cord and tried to pull myself back but it was too late for that cos in fact I'll slit the sack so I gotta maintain where I'm at Now I'm here breathin this diff'rent kind of air Poverty bound, headed for the welfare Drug-infested, rat-infested, people drownin in sorrow at neighbourhood bars Roaches bigger than my hot wheel cars Dope fiends with swollen arms lookin like rotten wood turn to crack monsters up and down the neighbourhood Liquor store business soar as the crowd pour or thru the corridors, echoin off the project walls That's why the Gods say 	[Lord Jamar] 	A child is born with no state of mind 	Blind to the ways of mankind 	God is smiling on you but He's frowning too 	Because only God knows what you'll go through, uhh 	A child is born with no state of mind 	Blind to the ways of mankind 	God is smiling on you but He's frowning too 	Because only God knows what you'll go through, uhh Artist: Sir Menelik f/ Grand Puba, Sadat X Album: Soundbombing 2 Song: 7XL Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Grand Pub'.. Scaramanga Shallah.. Sadat X Bout to hit this, word up [Grand Puba] Once the Grand spread his stuff, pockets fluff like Jiffy Puff "Inside Stuff," Ahmad Rashad know I keep it rough Blazin for the two-cen' and after black Once I spit the half to that, shorties form a line at the welcome mat Godly ways and action be fo' yo' satisfaction Chicks feel me like attraction, move shoes like Foot Action Justice Cypher Born be to leave the mic torn Rhyme flow vibrates and kill flow like radiation You know the deally, watch me flip it on the really Once the God begin to bomb it, all beware Haji comet Plain and simple, I shine like a iced out Presidential Gold fronts be the dental as I smack you in the mental Deadly flows that I use'll bust a vein in your temple I go back like a rental He Allah Justice Islam for the fam Got no problems to hit you all with the plan Chorus: Sir Menelik (repeat 2X) 7XL, the Gods live well, cash clientele Checks out the mail, sippin Guinness while flippin bidness well, in a tailor made whip Accelerate, make papes while we marinate [Sir Menelik] With mad game I kick the King Verbal, God Wisdom Cypher Seven Twenty built two circles, it's no fabrication Chicks with bricks, catch the sensation Spectacular interaction, my raps capture your fascination Still I maintain finesse, explain in text, train the best Troopers usin telekinetic prophetic maneuvers to gain blessin, Puba, Sir Menelik, Sadat assemble the rock tight, collaboration One physical jewel formed to the fill the manifest, dest' Jehovah's Knight, give the devils stressed out Spark up remarkably, live palatial, gems glacial Ladies stay in my facial labels pay to keep me laced Sports the short fade, paid suede soft butter Avirex Turbotron don intellect, mental flex connects aspects Got cream like NASDAQ, so to competition don't be abstract The Extra Large mack reacts Chorus [Sadat X] Her black panties up the antes which was well spent on There was cash bent on for porn, latex worn It's on, sting like a thorn in the morn' for self-guilt and think about the ass you kilt From one stone, great cities was built We're terrorists with a twist, Menelik, you must know this! The Brand Nubian name, will live long in the annals of fame And if she say she don't get down well that's game She ran the same shit yesterday with bird from what I heard Over on Eighth Ave or up at the Tomb What's a nigga to assume, if you lead me to the room? It ain't all cool, I'll still wild and pee in the pool Then cap a fool from a thing that was in high school I'm international, passport, onslaught with flyer mouths The red lights of Amsterdam, exotic chicks from Surinam Haha, Great X Chorus [Menelik] 7XL *echoes* The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Grand Puba & Large Professor Album: Sprite Ad (1995) Song: Obey Your Thirst/Freestylin' Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com [Large Professor] ...This how we work it Grab the big Sprite and y'know we jerk it Right out the fridge, it's just like this With a dib-dab-dib... yeah..  Drink Sprite [Grand Puba] I give a pund to my man with the right hand Cause I, I keeps a Sprite in the left hand And then I, push the button when I don't wanna hear nuttin (It's crispy clean!) I let it go when I wanna hear somethin (Yeah) This is how we flow when we in the studio Freestyle with Sprite, yo how the rest go? First thing first, obey your thirst Sprite, aight? The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Grand Puba Album: Strictly Business soundtrack Song: Fat Rat Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Chorus: repeat 2X "Over like a fat, RAAAT" "You can't deny it"	"so never stop" "Rising to the top!" Verse One: Here I go with the new style, such a versatile child Hons crack a smile as the dancers hit the tile General like Custer, spread skins like mustard Brothers try to copy but they shit sound busted or should I say chopped, brothers need to stop Once Puba shits, you know the joint is grit More followers than Jehovah, call me Casanova Used to drive a Nova, but now I push a Rover Pumpin nuff hits, scoopin mad chicks A golden brown complexion and you won't find a zit I take a sip of my brew, before the night is through Honies askin Pu', "Can you woo woo woo?" Yes I got the skills that'll always pay the bills "My, my, my," like Johnny Gill Quick to knock the block baby all around the clock Ticky-ticky-tock, ticky-ticky-tock So don't try to play the Puba (cause ain't nothin happenin) Don't even waste your time (cause ain't nothin happenin) Step left with that garbage (cause ain't nothin happenin) You know why black? (Why is that?) Bust it, cause I get Chorus Verse Two: Follow me now see Ooh la la la, me say take to dis guy on de natural high Ooh la la la, me say come follow me, come come now Ooh la la la, me say take it to dis guy on de natural high Ooh la la la, me say come follow me, bust it I caught wreck in a sec with a girl that I met at this discotheque, now let me recollect Mmm, the night was lovely, oh so lovely She still thinks of me Now I keep my hair peasy, mo' fine and greasy Never hit the skins if the skins look sleazy Sweetheart, here goes a hint, you better take a mint cause I can smell the scent Now if I smoked a bag of sess, I still wouldn't mess with a girl in a tight dress, cause a tight dress just won't impress, but you can try your best and it still won't matter Game for a quickie, I can make a sticky Hold on the hickie, cause next week it's Vicky Rhyme style fat, the God'll break a back of a new jack, or old jack, who wants to sweat the sac Time for the papes so you better drink some coffee Hon thinks she knows me, but bitch back up off me Puba, you know my word is bond, peace to the Gods and I got to move on, cause you know I get Chorus Verse Three: Bust it I'ma drop one more before I travel like sound Brothers say Puba, I'm happy that you makin it Then turn around and tell a female some other shit Sincere, you bear my witness (True indeed) A nobody in somebody's business Mind your own neck, and go collect your Mickey D's check But when you see me give me nuff respect Sincere Allah how do you think I should take it? (Let's slide them niggaz down Lincoln butt naked) Bust it! I'm not the Captain or the Skipper, got it good behind the zipper Now if honey wants to flip you know the God'll have to flip her I won't smack it but I'll flip it and I'll rub it down Catch a movie and a dinner and then I'm back uptown I rock beats on the daily really when I'm in the mood Attitude never screwed, I only eat the righteous food so cut on the amp and I can show you who's the champ The man who leaves with all the scamps cause I gets over Chorus to fade The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Grand Puba Album: Ya Know How It Goes 12" Song: Mind Your Business Typed by: scott_rodkey@hotmail.com The first time I hit the wax it was the news of my block Everybody in my neighborhood said "Puba don't stop" It was a four-man crew, Don Barren My Mighty Shabazz, Dr. Who, and me, Grand Pu Things started blowing up on a quick fast Doing shows, buying clothes, getting crazy cash I still stayed the same, ran around with my hair nappy Matter of fact I'm doing good, made the jealous ones unhappy "I knew you would make it" was their favorite line But "Fuck that, I hope he fall" is really on their mind Just because I found a way to make my pockets stay fat Now a new thing: "Puba thinks he's all that" Yes, but there's a found way to better my condition "Bad luck, bad luck" is what the jealous ones keep wishing Oh a crew broke up? I knew they wouldn't last But I refuse to lose so I bounce back on that ass One for All, Brand Nubian Yeah, that's the new thing, now they back up on my ding-a-ling Run and tell my girl, "Yo, Puba did this He did that," cause they nose is in my crack Like a reporter, but they don't earn a quarter To do that (Yo, they just jealous, black) You know the flavor, of that jealous behavior I'm just like Jesus Christ cause I'm you're modern day savior So hon knock it off, worry about your own shit Just because your man ain't shit, there ain't no need to rhyme *ahem* Same ones that used to wave, now they sticking up their finger But I guess that's the price you pay when you become a rap singer I work hard, word to God, with supreme motivation To find a way out since '85, try to jam my situation But that's okay because my old Earth told me "Keep on moving, don't stop, hon" Now I'll be damn if Grand Pub don't get it done I've no time to slow my roll on a jealous one See I love to help others because Puba cares I do more for my people than WIC or Welfare Next time you see a brother down, stop and pick him up Cause you might be the next one stuck  Word is bond, let's move on  And we building on the situation of that in lyrics  Always trying to hold the black man back  We can't live like that, we gotta help each other  You know what I'm saying? Brother to brother  Sister to sister, know what I'm saying?  Stay out my business, worry about your own, know what I'm saying?  Worry about your own, knowledge knowledge The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Beanie Sigel f/ Grand Puba, Sadat X Album: The B. Coming Song: Bread and Butter Typed by: big_reese1@yahoo.com * * send corrections to the typist (Some guy talking) Darling Ya know, you give a man a reason for living Not to mention, you take my picture Now baby, but I give it to you because I love you Ya know cuz the things that I feel so proud about The things that you do Ya know, like runnin' my car into telephone poles Plus (?) I didn't get mad did I? Y-Y-y'member, 'member when W-W-When I tried to take my clothes to the cleaners and on the way out My very best pinstripe caught a nail I didn't get mad I was proud because you thought, enough of your man To be in such a hurry It made me feel grand, yes it did Uuh I need you, I just need you [Verse 1] Uh You know I was you're bread you're butter And I ain't talkin bout dat bread I fucked up on you Cause in my head man I swore I lucked up Wasn't countin all the butter I spreaded on you So true now, why would I play you bitch I made you I'm not talkin bout the things dat I gave you Clothes wit the labels, I brought you round Hov and da label Spring water while holdin you're age koo Naw I ain't tryin to degrade you But you was a lost little girl n you're world boo I saved you Ya pop owe me a favor, I basically raised you From squada to Bentley-whippin Ain't have to watch Cribs to see how I was livin Me, so blinded ain't see the Robin Givens in you Huh, shoulda seen the Ginger in you Tried to off Beans like raw steam? Go figure Youu take my dough, spend wit the next nigga you crazy bitch? (Chorus #1) And dis was the one I trusted Who would ever think she would spread like mustard Bitch I was your bread and butter You shoulda tucked dat bread and butter Ya know what?... Dis shit funny to me It ain't nuttin but money to me You lookin hungry to me But I was your bread and butter Bitch shoulda tucked dat bread and butter Mm Mm Mm Mm Mm Mm Mm Mm [Verse 2] You got the whole town laughin at me, silly he Silly to see got me feelin silly like Denise like Oh what could it be in you, I see N dis young P-Y-T She got me L-O-V, E-T-K-O'd Uh, like Teddy P. whatever she say goes But I'm, ready to +Turn Off The Lights+ Close the door, on my pretty young need I more Now peep game wit 'em, need, I, more Gimme dat, E thy or No Beanie Mac don't play dat crap wit these whores She want me missin her (in my room) like the OJ's homes But I'm on to my zone like O.J. Jones Beano brown, cancel dis bitch, I'll buy another one It's my world you lil squirrel tryna get a nut bitch Do you- what bitch? Lil smut bitch Got you're name ringin, spreadin like mustard And I'm supposed to trust it after he touched it? (Chorus #2) I told dat ass +slow down+ like Puba Now you're days are gray like the 4 pound Ruga Bread and Butter, see I was you're bread and butter F'laaay baby ya hips is gettin big Now you gettin thin you don't care about you're whip Cuz I was you're bread and butter Shoulda tucked dat bread and butter Mm Mm Mm Mm Mm Mm Mm Mm (Bridge being sung) So proud, of you.. a'ye-ah I gotta say it loud, yes I do, a'yeah (yeah yeah) When you do (do) What you do (do) How do you know, What you know Aw, shame on you I need you (oh oh) Mm Mm Mm Mm Mm Mm Mm Mm [Verse 3 - Grand Puba] Yeah Now you know I was you're bread and butter You had a shot to be my baby mother Ain't no sorry I ain't Rueben Studdard I can't apologize, it's multi-platnimum time Takin all my shit and sendin you back to you're moms cryin So don't cry baby dry, ya eyes You tried to get all greasy like you super-size fries So, pack ya shit Leave the whip It's been nice but listen ma I gotta defrost ya ice Dats rite (Chorus #2) (Bread and Butter 4x) *Mm Mm said repeatedly til fade to end* The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Beatnuts f/ Grand Puba Album: The Beatnuts Song: Are You Ready Typed by: OHHLA.com Intro- What we gonna do right here is...... Yeah, yeah, come on, come on Yeah, yeah, come on, come on, come on Check it out, check it out Yo, yo, yo Who the fuck is that nigga rhymin' on the mic? WHO IS THIS MOTHERFUCKER? Psycho Les- It's the wicked, nigger with the super dick Fuckin' ho's like I'm supposed to be in a flick, UH! One time, I tap yo mind, I got you hummin'  Now you want to press rewind I pour rhyme in your ear to develop suds  Slice the fuckin' Philly and break up the buds Who's Buddha? I don't know, is it a special  Stick a fork in your neck and pop a blood vessel The hispanic shaft packs a gat, too Permanent scar your ass like a tattoo Slam dunk the funk in your trunk, punk! Da Doom Doom, Do Doom Fashion- Yeah, cool makin' moves nigger so smooth  Scarin' ya, hangs up in the 'Skills But Queens is like the area I stare at ya, tear at ya, break that back Now crack the fuckin' sack and roll that shit black! Act like you want a nigger and watch me hit him Then I have my shottie' let my brother Divine get him We got him, ho's comin' through in the clutch She said I only suck that dick cause I love you so much Said I only lick them balls cause you so game tight And you keep my ass climbing the fuckin' walls at night So hit me, hit me one time, let me flex it Crew's still makin' moves but now I've gots to exit  chorus 4x Fashion- Hold up, you know I gots to get my wreck off Fuckin' rugged like a dog about to bite your neck off Police still puttin' fear in the hearts of mad crews Leavin' people lyin' dead in the street with no clues Soul like a mother got the funk on lock You can hear my sounds echo through the urban block Got stacks of stocks, and fat beats to knock  Got you open now you're hopin' that the junkyard rocks Grand Puba: Okay here goes the blow, the bag, the mint Grand time to represent flava so strong Fills the room like Buddha stick, uhuh, don't like choke Gotta get paid so we're tryin' to go for broke Beatnuts hit the rhythm and I join right with 'em Niggas can't see this flow so it's time to down sit 'em I kick the flow for the niggas with the bald heads Dreads, and 'fros, honey's, but no ho's  Oops! I didn't mean to call you ho, bitch But when you try to clock the pocket that's that bullshit! So let's get down with one of New York's finest Seed to the brain like Primatine to clear the sinus Grand Puba, Stud Doogie with the mad style Beatnuts comin' with the rugged(Hey You, watch out now!) It's on motherfucker, can't you see that? No shame in the game, so Doogie where the weed at?  (Chorus 5x) Right now you're as high as a junkie with a hundred-dollar habit... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Big L f/ Guru, Sadat X Album: The Big Picture Song: Games Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Sadat X] Yeah yeah, watch us turn it up for y'all Tight broads watchin The Guru, the great 'Dat X, and Big L Flamboyant for life [Big L] Check it, a year ago I did a show for some dough Puffed a bag of hydro then broke out on the low And on my way out, it was a female on my trail who followed me from the stage to the Benz SL I asked honey her name, she replied, "Monique" Soft and sweet, from her head to feet, hotter than heat Jump in the passenger seat, let's go get somethin to eat She said I was that Roc-a-Fella she'd been dyin to meet I tried to hit it first night, she said she wasn't a freak Yeah right - it's all good, so I waited a week Then one night to my crib she decided to creep Knocked on a nigga door and woke me outta my sleep I let her in before you know it we was doin our thang I drove her home, and said tomorrow give me a ring It was about a month later when she gave me a call with some bogus ass story that was off the wall Claimin she's pregnant with my child, I think that's quite foul How is that? I wore a Lifestyle Chorus: Big L - [repeat 2X] Aiyyo fellas, you gotta be careful today Watch out for games that these females play Cause some break the rules and some don't play fair You might get caught out there if you're not aware [Sadat X] I'm in the breed of the bad guy Get caught in a mad lie, come in your crib mad high Think about me with the smile on your face Think about me with my hand on your waist and think about me with your hair in your face Even caught a case fuckin witchu Had said some ol' slick shit, that had forced me to hit you Had you set up livin swell, how you gon' fuck my man L like we don't cross paths in these New York streets? But that's good, cause he's my man and we both shine and to say we don't love these hoes is a old line Honey just save some space in it so you can hold mine Her whole spine be twisted; things she did and how she kissed it I kinda missed it, think back on how we dissed it Now we two-fisted, she ain't never resisted Left it red and blistered, shakin I could slam it if it wasn't NO money makin Chorus: Sadat X (same as Big L) - [repeat 2X] [Guru] Word up - games, these girls nowadays they play many Techniques for gettin your loot, they got plenty Suck the skin off your dick, just for some ice and shit In the beginning they're polite, actin all nice and shit But honey got plans to be pushin your Land When she got you - she goes and fucks your man Understand? You gotta lay down the law A lot of broads is fraud, they'll set you up Baby Pah Some'll try to get you stuck up, some'll fake pregnancy Most are after the dough, and the fame basically Yo you can't make a hoe a housewife kid Pick the wrong chick - could be a lifetime bid A lot of cats be beefin over these honies Not me I keep it movin they ain't getitn jack from me Mack these freaks for your own enjoyment And one love to L we gon' stay Flamboyant Chorus: Guru (same as Sadat X) - [repeat 2X] [Guru] Heh, word up Yo son you better watch these little fast-ass little fancy-pants bitches with the thongs Heh, that's my word Yo, rest in peace to my man Big L, uhh Peace to the God Sadat X Guru, GangStarr, uhh Hold it down The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mary J. Blige f/ Grand Puba Album: What's the 411? Song: What's the 411? Grand Puba: Hey, yo, yo, Pop, check out that situation right    there yo Pop: Yeah, what's the motions man? GP: Yo honey right there yo Pop: Yo, the fine amazon, man? GP: Yeah, yeah, she got it going on and on, like, you  know what I'm sayin? But, she be tryin to act like she's all  of that though yo. Pop: So show her who's boss man, whatsup? GP: Yo, big kids style? Pop: No question, big kids in full effect GP: Yo, I'm gonna kick the willy bobo, now check it yo Pop: No question GP: Eh, yo, what's the 411 hun? Mary Blige: What's the 411 hun? GP: I got it goin on hun. Mary: Eh, yo I got it goin on hun. GP: What's the 411 hun? Mary: What's the 411 hun? GP: I got it goin on hun. Mary: Eh, yo I got it goin on hun. GP: Well I be Puba on this chair the nigga from last year Ya bows hanging baggy Tommy Hilfiger tap gear Take no shorts I'm doin lovely in all sports even swing the pole at the hole on my golf course Some say I'm fair, see cause I'm horny and nasty, If I see some rugged joints then I want let it pass me I take no shorts Let suckers step up to see I'll flip the script and get harder than Jeopardy I shot the sheriff and the mutherfuckin deputy, test me Check it, I'm not Keith Sweat but bet that ass that i can make it last Skirts turn their head so fast they end up catching whiplash If hun's a monster I'm Carl Lewis on the meter dash It's Grand Puba baby and I'm gettin crazy cash What's the 411? Let me know hun What's the 411? Mary: What's the 411 hun? GP: What's the 411 hun? Mary: I got it goin on GP: Eh, yo I got it goin on hun Mary: Eh, yo what's the 411 hun? GP: What's the 411 hun? Mary: I said I got it goin on GP: Eh, yo I got it goin on Mary: Yeah nigga, what makes ya different from the next nigga? Seen ya last week and ya couldn't even speak Ya try ta play like Mr. All of that but now ya wanna come to me with some chitchat? I don't have no time for no wam bam thank you ma'am Gas me up, get me drunk and hit the skins and scram The same ol shit you pulled last week on Pam I'm not havin that, no I'm not havin that Ya gotta do a lot more and that's just how it be I'm Mary Blige and you just ain't runnin up in me I need a man whose lookin out with some security So come correct with some respect and THEN we will see So if you wit it then drop the 7 digits and I might just give you a call If you ain't wit it then don't waste your time at all So what's the 411 hun? GP: Eh, yo honey was talkin a little somethin man Pop: Yo, so what's up, push up man GP: I'm gonna catch up with it in a minute  Right now see what she talkin about Pop: So set it straight man GP: Aight yo, I'll get back wit ya lata g Pop: Chill Mary: All my love is all I have GP: And Grand Puba's very special Mary: All my life I look for you GP: And today your dream comes true Mary: You need me and I need you GP: Grand Puba is very special Mary: Things just seem to do divine GP: This is how the two combine Mary: I know our love was meant to be GP: Mary Blige is something kinda special Mary: Love is life and life is living!! You're very special GP: You know it baby, you got it goin on a little somethin  So baby you know what I'm sayin? A little time  Spend a little time GP: Eh, yo, yo Pop, Pop Pop: Yeah man? GP: Check it man, a little resume with that skit man  ya know what I'm sayin'? Pop: About that 411 man? GP: Yeah, yeah, yeah, I'm gonna see what the prognosis is though Pop: Yeah, yeah, that willy bobo man, we flowin it off GP: Bounce on her for another day man Pop: Yeah, take the skyline man The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Celph Titled & Buckwild f/ A.G., Diamond D, Grand Puba, O.C., Sadat X Album: Nineteen Ninety Now Song: There Will Be Blood Typed by: jostmatt at bluewin dot ch (Can I do it? Yeah! Can y'all do it? Yeah! All together now Ahhh....) [ Celph Titled ] If me and some rap faggot have static We can go to war, at your show you'll need flak jackets Strapped with automatics? No, we use bats and hatchets Give the microphone a drug test, I spit crack at it (For crack addicts) Approach your A&R with an A-R, based on A true story, I spit h-bombs in every eight bars When Tony put his face in that snow, I was writin them flavor flows Yeah, even my worst haters know that I'm a player for sho' They be like, "Yeah, I'm with you, Titled" Bring bitches back to the pad like a menstrual cycle You walk around like you some kinda thuggy guy I know you ain't Diddy but I can make you see through Puffy eyes [ Sadat X ] You know my stats, boy, you know what I'm workin with Firearms of various calibers penetrate I'm the hate that breeds hate Nah, let me illustrate Time stands still on the day that's slow With me it ain't about the show, it's 'bout the proof I aim from the roof Make any fatal move, this is a stick-up You sneeze or even hiccup You layin flat You wanna face this rage? Somebody throw some meat in the cage Wear armor, you can call Obama Call your mama I breed armies, make men out of boys I'm your tactical General Patton From BK to Manhattan You frontin, you lame Treat your whole squad the same [ Grand Puba ] I don't play when it come to this I rule the mic with the iron fist Compile data, then I make the list Grab the ( ? ), then empty trash so they don't exist Since vinyl words flow like herds of rhinos Leave your ass trampled when I'm runnin on a sample A showdown at sundown, these verbals I run down Will leave yo ass dumbfound, you thought you was gunned down Rhyme style mean like a dopefiend lean Head against the green and you face the guillotine Grand Puba, there's no way you can dodge Better off tryin your luck in Las Vegas at Mirage [ A.G. ] Been through ups and downs, never touched the ground Like girls with the big butts never fuck with clowns I let the music take over me, words flow through me Truly the best, that's why niggas keep quotin me I'm the baddest nigga livin, average niggas don't stand a chance I danced in France, put hands and feets on beats Put fans in trances, Amsterdam is A place where I sin, get that yen in Japan, kid The Swiss mountains, I got a Swiss accountant Chick with a fountain pen keep my chips amountin To somethin, my ground is unparalled While y'all niggas keep on horsin around like carousels [ O.C. ] Yeah Mind over... as a matter of fact There's no practice needed, see, I'm matched by none When it's all said and done up The last man standin is proof Who has the biggest brass in battles, a crafty McGyver Everyday things round me work to my advantage ( ? ) hit the plan at random So every livin soul on the planet understand this As some often say, the heir is apparent I'm that ( ? ) priceless art There's no biddin on an auction block Fortune of Fort Knox Off top or written Each vowel takes precicsion Knockout solidifies when they fight over a decision [ Diamond D ] I got the flow so cold niggas call me Chilly Don't ever press up, fam, I smack you silly If I'm all out of dutches I pack the Phillie On my j-o-b I mack the millies And I'm all about stackin my chips Gettin dome in the back of the whips Start smackin them hips All that slick talk'll just get you smacked in the lips Game time fourth quarter, back to the blitz You can't move me, shake me, break me, make me Be somethin I'm not, niggas wanna snake me I write by Skate Key, right in the 'X Big Diam still writin the checks Holla at me The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Chris Lowe f/ Dinco D, Sadat X Album: The Black Life Song: Treacherous 3 Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Yes y'all, the sounds you're about to hear, is devestatin to your ear Chris Lowe, Sadat X, and Dinco D is here Treacherous 3, two-thousand and one Chris Lowe (Sadat X) (and Dinco D) [We're like the treacherous, treacherous, treacherous three] [Gonna rock it from the bottom, rock it from the bottom] [Rock it from the bottom to the T-O-P] [Verse One: Chris Lowe] I'm Chris Lowe, no doubt that's me A brother you don't see on no TV In the streets like the trash pilin up on yo' {ass} (uh-huh) A simple 12 inch, yeah you see it's a cinch You ain't really heard a style like mine in a while Smoother than a glass of milk boy (jot that down) Top choice with my voice, advice is so precise This {nigga} so nice he got ice up in his dice It really ain't a thing when we start to roll Like money breakin players, that got a whole lotta soul So don't make no mistake when you talkin to Chris If you aimin for my body, you bet' not miss [Verse Two: Sadat X] I'm, old New York like vice and gaming Lay up with skins do a little dab of scramblin My {nigga} hop off the turnpike Take the woods and see deer, you got the woods we gettin it there With green, a magazine, and some beer I'm calculated to that one point {*explosion*} And I can pinpoint crabs My heart turn black from {shit} like that A six pack can't stop these slugs (never) You lamp all day with broads, come downstairs late and get grilled, for bein unskilled Yo' physical build, got me beat by a hundred pounds So imagine where I'm takin it (understand) I see the branches fallin, off my family tree But I gotta keep it movin cause the next could be me The 'Dat-father, know me, understand me Demand me fo' retail And help a {nigga} get a sale The Book of X, third chapter, first verse Says before I thirst I'll burst, and that'll be worse My emotions range from lust to hate I'm fragile right now, that's why I made y'all wait But when I'm ready let y'all, I'ma give y'all the date But a {nigga} gets speedier when I grab off the plate [Verse Three: Dinco D] I coulda hit you with a pistolwhip or shot you with a needle Aim for your heart through your ears until I see you It's the, D as in Dinco like, D as in Dinc so It's me, Sadat X and the one Chris Lowe Doin the math from 2 AM to 2 in the aft' So many could be in the game but be an {ass} Perpetual jetstreams from links (?) I lock on my teams like Fred (?) Remember my face in the dark as well as the light It shines on ya sons and moonlights ya wife See the next night in the bedpiece there's a moment of silence Right before she says she's been raped by my comments My dominance develops, swellin in ya melon You just can't elope in the court, where I'm the felon As big as the next two scoops to raise-on Flipped it from beneath all the boards I played on {*explosion*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Chubb Rock f/ Red Hot Lover Lover Tone, Grand Puba Album: I Gotta Get Mine Yo! Song: 3 Men at Chung King Check it out... Verse One: Red Hot Lover Lover Tone The pen hits the paper, ink spills and fills, the lines With lyrics that thrills like my dillz Take it on the Grilled Cheese tour, then I drop it Don't care about the niggaz cause the girls are gonna jock it Take her to my hotel, no speaking, just freaking Leave my door open so the niggaz can come peak in Rip the nappy dug out niggaz bug out with the hopes they can get theirs, but in the meantime they takin notes Here comes my kid, here comes my kid (ahhhhh) But I caught him in the rubber lid, huh Chitty chitty bang bang, gotta go gotta go The hoe is in a coma so I tippy tippy toe Walkin in the dark (tripped) slipped on my shoe (Arrrrgh!! Ohh shit!!) [Tone is that you?] Damn, more fornication Puba take the mic cuz I'm here for the duration Verse Two: Grand Puba Before I get this wreck I usually start with a 40 But forties are no more cuz now I'm drinkin 64's Call on Grand Puba, Chubb Rock if you want it done Hon spread the 411 as if her name was Kaity Chung Into devil bashing, always stay in fashion Love maxing and relaxing, hittin skins with a passion As a shorty I kept some dice I banked on seven or eleven Cuz my pops had it hard similar to James Evans Now shit flipped, I'm on the hip-hop To the beat you don't stop, rock on! I kick the new type of lingo, hit the spot that'll tingle Make the girls wanna jingle, so they run and get the single My simple task is to make you shake that ass on the quick fast, and to make it last It's just three men at Chung King getting busy We've come a long way since Kunta Kintizzy and you don't stop, rock on Chubb Rock flip the script cuz I'm gone Verse Three: Chubb Rock Yippi-yi-yeah, stay, hooray, yo, hurrah I jumped up upon the mic with the Chubbster, Tone, plus the Pu-ba Intricately go far Chillin in the mansion, nuff fashion (ahhh) Relax, and dig into the track and react I want a Martin Luther riff cuz I don't like to pack my iron Watchin kids on the corner buyin, gettin zooted then lyin Test and I commence, to firing One two three shots and then I tune the black watch Reclean my cylinder and then I grab my crotch and squeeze, the testes and then I grab my wood and cup it Oh there goes the nut I just busted Get myself together, cuz I'm the man I knew it, I wanted to do a duet with the Grand Mystic ruler took the 40 out of the cooler Now we're rippin the track, we shoulda did one sooner And then we roll up on the groove field assist the team And now I'm straighter than 9:15 Get a little dough for this three man skit I'll end the jam with a curse Uhh, umm fuck? Or is it damn? Or what? SHIT. And slide out of the vocal booth and get a dollar Chung King soda Grand Puba, Tone, plus now we're over and we're out The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Cormega f/ Big Daddy Kane, Grand Puba, Kool DJ Red Alert, KRS-One, Parrish Smith Album: Fresh 12" Song: Fresh Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com, Gemini_20502K@Yahoo.com [Intro: Kool DJ Red Alert] Ok we gonna straighten this shit out right now ok! Hey I go by the name of the Kool the DJ Red Alert! OK!!!!!!!!! I got a mean lineup I got my man Cormega, Parrish Smith, Grand Puba, KRS-One, and the Big Daddy Kane!!! And it's goin down like thiiiiiiiiiiiisssssssssssssssss!!!!!!!!!!!! [Verse 1: Cormega] If you could dream it, you could be it I once sound aloud to the few guys I superseded As you near, you hear Anita Baker playin in my BM Indeed, I'm from the era of Patrick Ewing Adidas The game turned public housing to areans Bummy dudes move packs so they could buy jewels and sneakers Money grew, some adapted, others would become distracted Smokin woolies, openin they packs like Pookie I'm a fiend of hip-hop, my rap is cinematic The beat is the plot, I'm breed as a clock G's like R-P, believe it or not Prestigious in illusion that it lose you, and you not hot.. You know how I do My jewels so colorful, my daughter don't gotta watch cartoons Dudes watch my moves, like Lebron fresh out of high school My electrifyin skills, I'm raw [Verse 2: Parrish Smith from EPMD] I'm an all star baby pa, Alot of dudes is lost in the rap game chasin life of the rap star Not P, I paid my dues while you hate and snooze P always come correct no singin the blues Hip Hop's my life, P already paid the price Give me the mic and the vocal booth and y'all could keep the ice And I still run on the young ones like Jerry Rice And if you can't see in the dark then homey turn on the lights And if a sucker don't like P, the feelin is mutual Tune my rhyme into a RPM then shift to neutral Every move is crucial, catch PMD comin through the hood In the new SUV, with the chrome shoes From the L.I.E. TO QB It's Mega and P two of the nicest reppin N.Y.C. Parrish Smith you know me well from EPMD So You Gots To Chill cause niggas can't fuck me [Verse 3: Grand Puba] Uh, you know I got the shine when it's time to get mine Pop that ass with a classic-ass line (uh!) You try to step to me, I'm worse than landmines Twist yo' spine like spiral book rhymes You wanna do this, you must be out yo' mind Pop shut it down, so I'm one of a kind Get mine, fall back and recline If you look up, BAD MUH'FUCKER and that's me you gon' find Grand Puba, I can never suck That's like tryin to ride around with single-digit rim on the Caddy truck Me in this addin up, all it equals is another hot joint that I spit wit my peoples So, you know the deal, real recognize real So throw yo' hands up, let me know how you feelS 'Cause it's on now (it's on now), stack paper, like a green mile Official authentic is Grand Puba style [Verse 4: KRS-One] Here we go KRS in the spot When I spit it you can see that I am fresh they are not This that other type of lyric when you hear it you stop KRS and Cormega now that's some real hip hop I'm glad to see these MC's comin up after me Runnin up after me, doin it how it has to be This that new shit but it's old This that hot shit but it's cold Three, four, five clips when we roll Boom boom bop bip when you fold B-R-O-N-X PAY THE TOLL They standin next to the flesh I'm next to the soul My history is too complex whenever it's told One of a kind breakin the mold Refine in the mind rebuilt in the soul Health, love and awareness and wealth now that's the goal Pass the pole of the microphone that you hold I model my role with my pocket so swole Don't have to be told twice, KRS and Cormega, yo them cats too nice (HA!!!) Wa da da dang, wa da da da dang!!!! When it comes to lyrics yo them cats can't hang Wa da da dang, wa da da da dang KRS And Cormega!!!!! [Verse 5: Big Daddy Kane] Aiyyo, back up and let a real Don through to show you who this motherfuckin spot belong to So many talkin like there's somethin that they wan' do Shit, y'all niggas couldn't find the heart with John Q. I'm here to warn you, just might show off because I could really +Clap+ and make the lights go +Off+ I Enterprise like Michael and Saul, the sweat and blood'll cool Make cheddar double through, plus I'm ghetto lovable Scheme to win by any means within Shit, a nigga this here thorough won't be seen again 'Cause when my, team is in and I got green to spend Or I'ma hold the fort down just like supreme di-vine Got you stuck behind enemy lines, the whole vicinity's mine And he decline, nigga give me a sign And you don't want ventilation all up out your house Then treat my name like spoiled food, keep it out yo' mouth - nigga! [Outro: Kool DJ Red Alert] And there you have it, everybody!  Big up to everybody all across the border that understand REAL Hip Hop REAL skills, REAL lyrics I go by the name the Kool the DJ Red Alert Hey - we ain't goin a GODDAMN place! Hey, you must think we goin somewhere Hey, you must be out yo' goddamn MIND AND YA PUNK, TOO! And for all you bitches, thank you for nothin Yeeeeeeeeeaaaaaaaaaaahhhh!!!!!!!!!! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Diamond f/ Brand Nubian Album: Stunts, Blunts, & Hip-Hop Song: A Day in the Life Typed by: scott_rodkey@hotmail.com [Lord Jamar] Aw yeah, back to basics, kicking shit in Asics, it's like this It's just a day in the life (of three black men) (Repeat 3x) Day one... I wake up to the sun in the morning after justice hour Refinement is in order so I bust this shower Get dressed, but first my mind gets blessed Not words, but best cess compressed in a philly Silly of me, to think that I Could ever have a morning where the phone didn't ring, I am sir A sweet young thing, once a romancer I didn't really fancy her, so build equality I get a beep downstairs from Y.Z.O. Knowledge in his head, beats pump the red Geo Tracker, and in it, we get much blacker Ride around town running down crackers Last Sunday of the month so to Harlem we went Not clubbing, the parliaments of Harriet Tubman Peace to the Gods, peace to the earths Peace to the seeds, peace to the birth Of the nation of the 5% That's it, I tell the gent brothers to represent We left the rally now we're maxing uptown 8th Ave, 25th, 45th, and the Polo Grounds And when it's time to refuel Lord Jamar jump in the car, say "Back to the Rule" It's like that y'all, you know it's as sharp as a knife It's just a day in the life, it's just a day in the life [Diamond] It's just a day in the life (of three black men) (Repeat 3x) Day two, yo check this out Every day when I wake up, phone calls seem to take up My time, but I don't mind because it's fine I don't get heated even though I can't sleep Jump in the shower, then I brush the teeth Hit the stereo in an instant Then I twist up a bud, light an insync Call up a honey if I'm not feeling sunny Or call up my boys when I want to make noise The brother Lord Jamar, the brother Derek X Ahem, oh I forgot, I meant "Sadat" X and I flex when I'm writing a rhyme I got thousands in the bank but I never did a crime Afternoons I go shopping, but I don't lift Back in '84 I used to wear K-Swiss Catch me in Yonkers in the mall buying gear Take in a movie and sit in the rear I might be in the studio hard at work Making hype tracks that sell by the stacks When it gets dark, I chill with my cutie We almost broke up because she started acting snooty When I'm with the fellas, I hit the clubs The building, Red Zone, always see a head flown But I walk away from the bullshit And you don't stop, and you don't quit [Sadat X] It's just a day in the life (of three black men) (Repeat 3x) Day three... I wake up after 8, a shower, then I take a shower See a tip from last night still left in the tray Some stick of boom music cause I found a fat L Nine times out of ten I used to start this way Then I study jewels and gems instead of Christianity hymns Then walk past him to see my man Marco Polo who works in sports stuff Your two shirts that's tough, a baldie that's rough Call up the Gods, slide to three main places We know a lot of faces so the romp game came work Do you think that I'm a jerk because on my face there's a smirk? Used to party to party rock from body to body But my nightly smokes are spent on the cool down low Rolling up dough and doing mad shows Not dealing with hoes because AIDS is a bitch In the nightime I get rich because kids pump the tape Uptown Bronx from the porch to the fire escape, and you don't stop So to my prehistoric days and dinosaur phase I was completely energized using Islamic rays I'm the royal highness, so clear your sinus Put your trust in the plus and conceal the minus Your head's unravelling, my force is of a javelin Your tounge is in a knot and you're babbling on To the pre test is the God human? Come from the darkness to where I'm looming The hardest working man, ever I see a land I got the power to devour what MC's withstand The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Diamond f/ Sadat X, John Dough Album: Hatred, Passions, and Infidelity Song: Never Typed by: scott_rodkey@hotmail.com   "Never gonna give you up, no matter how you treat me" (Repeat 4x) [Diamond] Now people used to tell me that if you smoked You'd lose your hope, and it would stunt your growth I used to chip in with the other young folks Back when it came in little brown envelopes Remember the day my moms found a tre Bust my ass and at night I heard her pray Lord don't let my boy succumb to But it was too late, I already begun to Hanging with the knuckleheads on my block Smoking in the lobby looking out for cops Sipping Private Stock, now my eyes are shifty Who got me covered on the next $2.50? Nigga I ain't tripping, I passed out a few whippings On deep throats in cheap coats who wouldn't chip in It got me flipping, now everything's serene Purple clouds and ultraviolet dreams   "Never gonna give you up, no matter how you treat me" (Repeat 4x) [Sadat X] My old moms said that the smoke would harm I'd be a crackhead or die with a needle in my arm Tried to playy me out, my father was smoking that good lye at the time That old grown man brown weed with my aunts in the back I'm a little nigga now saying "Why they acting like that?" Coming out all high and laughy off some Richard Pryor tapes Before he blew up his face trying to base I was smoking weed when half the niggas with me now was fronting When cats was anti-drugs there was weed seed in my rugs I've been to the brown bags, the clear bags, and even the glass jars I've been smoking with stars in parties and bars I done got actresses high, the greatest athletes fucked up Took some niggas from DC to the spot and they came and cracked a knot And left the spot real hot, check it out I get up in the morning, take a pee, and light up that good tree Old girl often ask me why I always get so high Because it keep me in touch and keep my shit on the smash And I ain't down with Rudy G no more cause he done fucked up the hash   "Never gonna give you up, no matter how you treat me" (Repeat 4x) [John Doe] Picture me giving up my early moring marijuana Reading a books, slef-entitled "The World According to ?Scamas?" Yo herbals make the world calmer True fact, no drama, old timers still smoke like farmers I done heard many tales about the chunky black Guess that's why I prefer the chunky black Every day I'm reminded bout the dangers of smoking 8 o'clock I'm rolling L's, by 8:03 I be coughing Rehab spots ain't for herb smokers That's for extremely stressed stock brokers Who bought four closers from a crack quoters smoke this If you're offended by the fumes light an incense She's not laced with infringements or buddhas She wouldn't have the gall to fool us, please no intruders She stays true to her students Stayed loyal til I tamed her up Took a trip to the greeny green kid and never gave her up That's why   "Never gonna give you up, no matter how you treat me" (Repeat 4x) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Diamond f/ Lord Finesse, Sadat X Album: Fuck What You Heard 12" Song: You Can't Front (Shit is Real) Typed by: scott_rodkey@hotmail.com 	"Ayo, what the fuck is this?" 	"Yo, that's that shit I was telling you about. That's that 	 Sadat X, Diamond D, and Lord Finesse beat." 	"Oh okay, alright alright."  Ayo you know the shit is real (So don't front, jack)   Yo, you know the shit is real (So don't front)  Ayo you know the shit is real (So don't front, jack)  Ayo you know the shit is real (You can't front)  [Sadat X] Hmmm, straight to my toes making shit that hits The brothers often say that the quiet bald head Is like a bad motherfucker Now Rule bread and uptown fame Two to the head, what, daddy listen up Ayo, don't beat me over the head with that dumb shit, dad This is the type of shit I do, and Diamond me and you Along with your crew and the Nubians, too Made up some next shit, ayo but wash it off the skit Rapping in this whole soul over, that know from ?throw over? Who was in the rough, but Al said I'm the roughest Yo buck, this shit is hot, Diamond, you know how I feel Every time you call my crib you get some wreck shit is real I come with herbs and verbs, always a step ahead You can't nap on the dap cause it's wide The X will provide all souls aside Who gets the past but if your shit sounds trash You gotta go, I got a lot of soul, yo Old enough to know a real move from a brother Tell you who gets nuff or who's just pulling a brush Uptown stay the same, 2000 got the coochies Peace to Unique, mega Oreo got the lucci Bald heads run around, hey my man you got some stubble Rob G cut me low, let these cats know That when I chopped off my box, it opened up some next shit I hold next slow to make the old age grew Then I kicked it up, next spice lights Shorty's doing his own thing, the man with the knife Check it out, yo, Sadat X and Diamond D with the '93 shit  You know the shit is real (You can't front, Jack)  Yo, you know the shit is real (You can't front)  Yo, you know the shit is real (You can't front, Jack)  Yo, you know the shit is real (You can't front) [Diamond] Ayo I'm telling you now, it's the chubby kid from 125th street Chopping motherfuckers into pieces of mincemeat Back up boy, don't try to play me like a pipsqueak Don't even want to hear no words if your shit's weak Cause where I come from you might get done Like a steak on a seasame seed bun I got the mad flow, niggas drink they hassle They contemplate my name and then they say "Shorty's bad" so Come on give me my props You can call it for your little sister or your moms and your pops Straight from the ghetto, and ?you the birds? Stunts that used to front get kicked to the curb With the quickness, I'm rhyming over the beats with the thickness So run to the store so you can get this And memorize the words so the next time you here it you can kick this Yeah, no time for faking, stay away from bacon I clock G's from the beats that I'm making Niggas was sleeping, but now have awakened Ask the Boriquas, ask the Jamacians Who's the man in the hot seat? Giving niggas chills like Ralph in ?Hot Sea? I'm sending niggas back to bed Like an overdose of Actifed It's just a taste of the '93 shit Ayo, it ain't no secret  Ayo, you know the shit is real (You can't front, Jack)  Yo, you know the shit is real (You can't front)  Hey, you know the shit is real (You can't front, Jack)  Yo, you know the shit is real (You can't front) [Lord Finesse] Check it, it ain't nothing you can gain from it (It's the Funky Man) And ain't a damn thing changed, money I lounge on the downlow MC's be fronting like they funky but theu can't fuck around though Niggas I spare none, I never shoot a fair one And I write rhymes more than bitches get their hair done My shit's butter, word to mother Rhyme with the mic in one hand and hold my dick with the other (Finesse is the man) Yeah, how'd you know? Cause my style of flow is smoother than Al Jarreu I'm no joke with the fast or small raps Me and Diamond go back like mocknecks and overlaps  So by now you gots to figure I'm not the best motherfucker but I'm better than a lot of niggas And in a battle you can pick the winner The way I drop heavy shit you'd think I ate grits for dinner You want to bet? Then call your bookie Cause I'm breaking niggas up like motherfucking fortune cookies Check it out while I play post And say peace on out, I'll catch you folks on a later note (Diamond gives shoutouts to fade) Artist: DJ Desue f/ Diamond D, KC Da Rookee, Sadat X Album: Art of War Song: Summertime Heat Typed by: MrRollieFingaz@aol.com * * send corrections to the typist [Verse 1: Sadat X] The Art Of War, war like you never seen before Or, you can pick behind door three See me with my dozers, and Desue I guess you I bless you More or less Fuckin' with me, it's more of this Similar to great battles and war time tales Hit me with my man Diamond and when all else fails We can take it to the streets and not my sales My game plan save the land And that's the role part to be a general I got to keep a cold heart right from the start From the beginning I'm winnin' Desue keeps it spinnin' Hard wax, hard facts, hot jacks My mother raised a soldier and my father was there And if it's fair Then I shouldn't have bring them things Blow off your angels wings I'm a warrior Used to have a broad in Astoria but she caught feelings I ?cut? off the dealings That's a wrap for me My niggas in the street ya bust a cap for me Put my face on the wall plus I'm being a whore Read a verse from St. Peter and that's all (and that's all, and that's all) [Chorus: Sadat X] It's the art of war War like you never seen my niggas Runnin' in the street Face summertime heat Can you compete with the straight rap hop and make sure your world don't stop It's war War like you never seen before Summertime street Niggas tryin' to eat Can you compete with the straight rap hop And make sure your world don't stop [Verse 2: KC Da Rookee] I declaire W-A-R Attacking with the form are Casualties and conflicts over the years we grow hard Resistance torture mental scar move forward Take grimest into the army it's enormous Speech chain steady my aim I'm blowin' up the target even when I be shooting from long range Resistance, niggas hide behind enemy lines Plot strategy and locations they can't find Whose is the world if it ain't mine Up against the enemy that's taken from us trapped up in petty crime I stay ahead of time With death threats aimed at my kind But what's a better nigga still shine Full power landin' in your mind Rookee, Diamond D, Sadat X Desue with the bomb on the decks With the thoughts were comin' like air support Fire missles they hit the core ?CY? [Chrous] [Diamond D] Smack me I'ma smack you back You won't hear D-Squeezy if the track is wack Me and `X-Man once again back to back I'm a fly ass nigga with a knack to rap Ladies call me full Nelson, I'll crack your back In the south BX where I pack the mack Where the fiends get mad If the smack is wack and all people stop and ask "where the cracks is at" Honey's wear it one night and take it back to saks Pickin' pockets quick to hop it One felony beat still quick to cock it Bottles in yellow plastic quick to pop it And I'm still quick with mines, sick with mines Only cup OZ's no nicks and dimes In the club on the low new kicks and shines And still get cards from ex chicks of mine [(Sadat X /) Diamond D talking] (Yeah, yeah, y'all like that right) Yeah, uh, goin' out to my man Desue (Great 'dat X) KC's and 'dat X (and my man Desue) Diamond D right here, uh It's like that y'all One Love D The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page   Warning : include(/home/ohhla/www/anonymous//dj_honda/dj_honda/from_ny.dj.txt) [ function.include ]: failed to open stream: No such file or directory in /home/ohhla/public_html/files/lyrics.php on line 67   Warning : include() [ function.include ]: Failed opening '/home/ohhla/www/anonymous//dj_honda/dj_honda/from_ny.dj.txt' for inclusion (include_path='.:/usr/lib/php:/usr/local/lib/php') in /home/ohhla/public_html/files/lyrics.php on line 67 The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DJ JS-1 f/ Brother Ali, CL Smooth, Sadat X Album: Ground Original 2 Song: Nuthin' Typed by: Timm2014@hotmail.com Speaking [CL Smooth]: Yeah, CL Smooth, DJ JS-One Sadat X, there's nuthin' anyone can say Here we go Yes, yes, uh, uh Sample: There's nothing anyone can say (X3) Verse One (CL Smooth): I bring a lean with it, toss a little green with it Heavy on my team with it, bust up on the scene with it There's nothing you can say, we be sipping rose You can quote the whole game but son +I Did It My Way+ So clean and proper, that black Sinatra Another showstopper, we let it loose mama In the club with it, circle all the love with it Meet me on the dance-floor, what you think we here for? I'm so excellent, you're looking at the president You youngins tried to dumb it out but I was more intelligent And so Hip Hop, and so mainstream We talking new cream, you on the wrong team We do it all day, castle to the hallway I came from the bottom up, there's nuthin' you can say [Chorus X3: Samples] "Nuthin' anyone can say" "Somebody say, say nothin'"- KRS-One Verse two (Brother Ali): What do you say to a man who been to hell and back Escaped out of Satans hands with his head in tact Made his own plans when there was no welcome mat? Dog Ill tell you what you tell him You dont tell him jack Since you fine time rappers I hurt you motherfuckers  I beddie ? tuck you under covers I already outlast half of these youngstas Chill catch your breath Ain't nuthin' you should mumble Still nuthin' come from bumpin' your gums Baby I come where you from Get the hum buggin' begun I was raised on that +Mecca+ and that +All For One+ I've been training for the record since the story was spun Can run from the culture Either kill or be killed Now let your little bad breath will be still Say nuthin' Chorus [X3] Speaking [Brother Ali]: Ah, yes y'all. You are now rockin' with the best of the best y'all.  JS-1 is on the wheels of steel.  This is Brother Ali and we in here tonight.  The great CL Smooth and Sadat X.  Ha, I snuck my way on this track right here.  Sadat what up? Speaking [Sadat X]: Yeah that's right, Sadat X CL and JS Verse Three [Sadat X]: There's nuthin' you can say about X Sadat X the great, the godfather See him up on Broadway with the O'Jays chilling I might not had a top billing, but I'm straight I'm cool for travel, the passport is a pass cause There's nuthin' anyone can say You want to go to gunplay, I don't think you want that We keep the burners but we don't flaunt that For eight months I was laid up in the New York jail Only contact by the phone or the mail They didn't give a nigga bail but I handled it Came home, ate dinner with my baby, it was candle lit No parole, Sadat stay ready to roll JS, hit these niggas with that soul I'm never too old, I won't stop till I pop Can't we get past this radio slop? [Chorus X4] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DJ Premier f/ KRS-One, Grand Puba Album: Get Used To Us Song: 5% Typed by: Gemini_20502K@Yahoo.com [Intro: KRS-One] Come! Come with me now! To a time, long forgotten [Verse One: KRS-One] (Grand Puba) I grew up in the streets, like everyone else But instead of pushin drugs I push knowledge in self While them cats was in the back, smokin them moolies I was buildin with the Gods, who used to wear kufi's Africa pendents, with sevens on them  Real black man summit y'all never saw 'em The cops caught 'em, real leaders, real street preachers Black Panthers style Poor Righteous Teachers This before the cell phones and the beepers Conscious black men with fly new sneakers Both styles came from us, guns bust We were Criminal Minded but In God We Trust Not that white man God the other one We didn't call that God we called our brother one And our sister was the Earth, peace God No need to act it (Now let me bless y'all with some jewels) [Chorus: KRS-One] (Grand Puba) (IN CAP LETTERS ARE KRS-ONE & GRAND PUBA) Knowledge, wisdom, understanding, freedom Justice, equality (Food) clothing Shelter, love, peace, happiness THESE ARE THE JEWELS TO LIFE  Let's go!!! Knowledge, wisdom, understanding, freedom Justice, equality (Food) clothing Shelter, love, peace, happiness THESE ARE THE JEWELS TO LIFE  [Verse Two: KRS-One] (*DJ Premier Scratchin) (**Grand Puba) (*Oh my God!) Where you think the cypher come from? (The Gods!) Who you think them cops were runnin from? (The Gods!) The streets were hard but the streets had Gods and Earths (**Sun, Moon and Stars!!!) This is my universe Rebirth, a new way of seein Seein black people as celestrial beings To raise our whole self esteem in We started Third Eye seein and seein what Martin was dreamin Gods on the boulevard buildin on life Wise Intelligence, King Sun, Just Ice King Aziatic nobody's equal Rakim, these are enlightened people The 5 percent, visit The School Of Mecca in Harlem If you never went, It's good time spent I'll bet ya come out with a new tactic But while we here (Kris go 'head, just drop it) [Chorus: KRS-One] (Grand Puba) (IN CAP LETTERS ARE KRS-ONE & GRAND PUBA) Knowledge, wisdom, understanding, freedom Justice, equality (Food) clothing Shelter, love, peace, happiness THESE ARE THE JEWELS TO LIFE  Let's go!!! Knowledge, wisdom, understanding, freedom Justice, equality (Food) clothing Shelter, love, peace, happiness THESE ARE THE JEWELS TO LIFE  [Verse Three: Grand Puba] I deal with actual facts, I keep it right and exact And If in doubt I do without so I could stay on my route The original man the true ruler of the land Related to the universe by the penal gland Armed with epidermist so the sun won't burn us It's natural while others fry they in the furnace It's God Body don't let the 10 percent fool ya Teachin lies and false religion so that they can rule ya Why oh why got you lookin to the sky Got you believin that you 'gon get some heaven when you die Meanwhile, the 6th sense 'til you turn Unit followed by 21 cyphers you should run 196 million, 900,040 thousand, and we still in public housin Now It's our turn, listen Like KRS-One say, homey, You Must Learn [Chorus: KRS-One] (Grand Puba) (IN CAP LETTERS ARE KRS-ONE & GRAND PUBA) Knowledge, wisdom, understanding, freedom Justice, equality (Food) clothing Shelter, love, peace, happiness THESE ARE THE JEWELS TO LIFE  Let's go!!! Knowledge, wisdom, understanding, freedom Justice, equality (Food) clothing Shelter, love, peace, happiness THESE ARE THE JEWELS TO LIFE  [Outro: DJ Premier Scratchin] Oh My God! Artist: Heavy D, Grand Puba, 2Pac, and Notorious B.I.G. Album: Eddie F and the Untouchables Compilation Song: Let's Get it On Typed by: OHHLA.com [Heavy D]  Yea this is uh Super funk you know what I'm sayin This is for all the players and playetts wherever you at you dig I'm talkin about from this side to that side  East side, West side, your side, my side It's all about being funky man Aiyyo give me that microphone It's Heavy D the baritone and I'm home alone dig it  and I'm always staying freshly dipped on 1-2-5th  where the dogs bark and the dreadlock be sparkin spliff Okay okay okay okay it's Heavy D again Hallelujah I'm on your T.V. screen again You see me on your MTV and on your BET  and on your local focal point video show Nigga this how it flow so fly like an eagle No sequels no weed but I get love from all the thugs  cause they still my people  I'm dynamic punks panic when they see me They get all shook up when my mic's hooked up  Let's get it on!  [chorus]x2  Untouchables at your door  (Let's get it on)  All you wack rappers hit the floor  [2pac] How should I plead forever thuggin on a quest to get G's Runnin from enemies ever since the days of a seed I'm under pressure the stress will have me drinkin thinkin niggaz after me much too paranoid to blink Wonder why the police don't wanna see me stackin G's They after a playa but I won't let em capture me I gotta thank the lord for the weed and the nicotine  I can't sleep close my eyes I see wicked things  I keep my pistol by my bedside one in the chamber Preoccupied with homocide my life's in danger Rollin down the 4-0-5, beware of stangers  Hand on my 4-5 that's what the fame does I'm probably wrong but I'll never know it till I'm gone From out the ghetto where the jealous motherfuckers roam Pass the weed let that Hennessey get to me  before the penitentiary  Let's get it on!!  [Chorus: repeat 2X] Untouchables at your door  (Let's get it on)  All you wack rappers hit the floor  [Grand Puba] I thought you knew I stay true to this rhyme thing I do  I have all the honeys saying, "Go Pu'!"  I flip a style from the projects building 70 apartment 6C I turn food stamps to green stamps rough power amps  and sold weed under corner lamps but now I'm just microphone talkin So when you see my ass have my cash or just keep walking Niggaz got more game than Genesis Seen a movie in L.A. now everybody wanna C  but them youth don't trouble we  because they fall victim to what they see hey!  I keeps it +Reel to Reel+ like my last album title song  but I understand it takes a year for niggaz to catch on (hit em in the head dog) So let's get it on! yea  [Notorious B.I.G.]  Split the dutches fill it with the skunk we about to  get wicked in the joint uh Notorious is glorious  {*cough, cough*} Niggaz now who's the mind blower, the weed grower  Have you seeing doubles like Noah, the rhyme flower  B.I.G. top notch with the glock check your pockets  and your sockets it's just the way my pops taught me  When you throw the drop check em throughly  The bastard might spin around and try to bury me And dead niggaz don't make no moves When I'm slingin in the hood I don't fake no moves aight Reminiscin on my swinger days  when I drove a Caddy and my bitch sported finger waves Yea she had the Gucci roots I had Sarducci suits Oshkosh-begosh Coca-Cola lookin real cute Junior M.A.F.I.A. representin Bucktown Mac-11 cocked back niggaz better duck down Face down you know the routine the cream Earrings you know the drama Biggie bring Let's get it on The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Everlast f/ Casual, Sadat X Album: Whitey Ford Sings the Blues Song: Funky Beat Typed by: JuwenLong@aol.com Check Uh huh Check check, y'all Yo Whitey Ford's the name The Hunchback of Notre Dame Couldn't get more bent When it's time to represent I control it like rent In a slum tenement Life's hard like some men In the concrete jungle I don't smoke jumbo So whatcha knockin' for There's locks on my door We rock from the floor To the ceilin' Ain't no drug dealin' Ain't no gat peelin' You can't fight this feelin' Casual: Well, My style's golden Hot like molten rock Niggers come bold But leave here holdin' jock High roll patrol Roll through the set on fifth Arm's solo Sippin' momo with a chick Niggers take the penitentiary Chances at the dances Lettin' off shots Lit off the lanterns Mad 'cause a nigga can't test with no access To phatness like this Sadat X: >From one story the cowboy was founded I'm surrounded by Casual and Whitey Ford The whole world and your girl >From the Bay to LA To my blue end while I ain't tryin' to die I'm tryin' to live While I cool out And pick up my daughter When the bell says the school out Who the hell brought tools In this peaceful event Now I can love you Front you Or we could hunt you You played too close Take a hit of this dose A yes, yes, y'all Sadat X: A freak, freak, yo Casual: So fresh y'all To the beat y'all Sadat X: A yes yes y'all Casual: We don't stop dog We keep it rockin' till the panties drop, yo  Casual: Uh huh, ha I see the rappers bein' ruined By you and whoever's doin' that Crap, they got me booin' In fact, I'm gettin' to 'em May an electrical poetical surge Give me the urge To, consume, the tomb And submerge The depths of adverbs Keep it sick Analytical You pitiful trick I'm the pinnacle and the prodigal Rhyme style's Hip nautical Fuck the artical The artist is hardest To harvest the hard shit Sadat X: I slave till all my work is done I'm cashin' in Stack up my money for a grand set I like them all house parties rockin' Plus I'm up in your cozy Bitch turn your head and keep your eyes Where they supposed to be Supposedly I was seen with something lean, huh Brown skin I keep it bouncin' I say loungin' On the side with red wine I know that shit on my floor ain't swine Now back it up Stack it up And hit me one more time It might be your phone call But check it, it's my dime And I know she's fine But get off my line Or I'll break that spine And then maybe your face You all up in my space Like with Puffy and Mase But that's just not the case 'Cause I'm settin' the pace While you followin' and swallowin' Savorin' the flavor In your audio for now Quick suckin' my style I'll be the man With the large amounts of savoir-faire CHORUS Rock on To the break of dawn Just freak it Ah yeah baby Rock on To the break of dawn Just freak it Ah yeah baby CHORUS II (X2) Sadat X: 'Cause it's the funky beat 'Cause it's the funky beat 'Cause it's the funk, the funk, the funk, funky beat (beat) Sadat X: I'll leave a piece of my style Flyin' high up in the air And you'll say to yourself Damn I'm glad I was there This is as rare as me frickin' share You people stare But behind closed doors You will take it there Casual: Yeah I be the extraordinare Judge from Bayfare To Albee Square Tell me where the party at I'll be there Let her hit the coney at Show her where to rock the pony at I be the man With the large amounts of sapphire fare I'm about to cut loose My dog so you all best beware You can dance with flare And get out of your chair We be smarter than your average boo boo bear CHORUS Rock on To the break of dawn Just freak it Ah yeah baby Rock on To the break of dawn Just freak it Ah yeah baby CHORYS II (X4) Sadat X: 'Cause it's the funky beat 'Cause it's the funky beat 'Cause it's the funk, the funk, the funk, funky beat (beat) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Everlast f/ Sadat X Album: Whitey Ford Sings The Blues Song: Money (Dolla Bill) Typed by: CColum6635@aol.com Dollar dollar bills Dotes, marks, franks, yens and pounds I rock the chopped up sounds from devinger dounds Out the Ford Rover, up top in the boogie I be loyal to my peps just like pooh to stud doogie Never bearer bad news  Paying crazy dues I'm blowing out crews and taming mad shrews Like Bill Shakespeare, the fakes will disappear The flavor in your ear is strong like everclear 200 proofs will put the match to the roof And set this bitch on fire Get rich to empire About to strike back if you rock the mic whack And thats the way it is cause yo its like that (Sadat X) Money money y'all It be the root of all evil (Sadat X) Money money y'all It makes you popular with people  I go back to the '80's  Like "Three Times A Lady" When it was pussy for free And crack for currency It just occurred to me  Its time for surgery I remove emcees like tumors The lies and the rumors got me thinking of this dove About time made social club Yo word to my mama I'm high off the trauma Whitey Ford gets deeper than a subway train And I serve lazy fools like fast food chains All pain no gain makes the brain insane Life in the fast lane deflates the cash gain Chorus x2 Dollar bill y'all, dollar bill y'all dolla dolla dolla dolla dolla bill y'all (Sadat X) Everlast It takes money (To get that fly ass hoe) It takes money (To see me rock a live show) It takes money (To get that last bag of smoke cause ??? Hey I'm about to gee off just like my name was Edo Black kids call me Whitey Spanish kids Whito White kids call me king of this b-boy thing If its broke than he fix it If its wack the mix it Can't none of you emcees ever fuck with these You be crazy on my dick like some porno chick For the style that I'm blessing Ain't no second guessing Can't heed the lesson, subtraction addition The war for submission Ain't no debate Won't stop until I've eaten off a platinum plate I want stocks and bonds Plus the real estate I want the iron gates and low interest rates Plus a fly little spot To bring all my dates A little stash of cash, to put inside the safe When times get lean Y'all know what I mean (Money money y'all) Some be calling it cream (Money money y'all) Some be calling it feti (Money money y'all) But once I get it I'm jeti Chorus x5 I want cash and checks I want diamond rings I want jewels on my neck and mad fly things I want stacks of fat chips so I can take long trips I want to sail the Bahamas on my own cruise ships I want acres of land I want papers in hand I want stocks and bonds All pros no cons Hey if it smells funny then pack it up honey I want the money y'all I need the money y'all The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Fat Joe f/ Diamond D, Grand Puba Album: Represent Song: Watch the Sound Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Diamond D] Ninety-three it's time man (All out yo, because youknowhatI'msayin..) [Fat Joe] A Grand Puba (HOE) Diamond D (HOE) Fat Joe (HOE) -- it's time to get the dough! Grand Puba (HOE) Diamond D (HOE) Fat Joe (HOE) -- it's time to get the dough! Boom bip, BAM, here I am Even fans in Japan, be tellin me I'm the man Fat Joe, a.k.a. the woman fucker Beat you down to the ground, stomp your face with my Chucker So niggaz back up, yo I'ma set it Fuckin with me, you won't live to regret it I don't fake moves, I break peeps I'm takin niggaz gold chains, they cash and the Jeeps See I don't give a fuck about a niggaz rep We can go glock for glock or tec for tec, sheeeeyit I heard a motherfucker wants to turn snitch I cut the niggaz head off, and sent it to his fuckin bitch I ain't lettin a nigga take the stand Play Sammy the Bull, be one dead man See suckers can't hang with the slang And if they bring the whole gang well then they'll all catch a bang-bang I come from the Bronx and not the Boogie Down Niggaz don't ever come and front in my part of town See everybody knows my pedigree There ain't another motherfuckers that's better than me I could make em pump, I could make em jump But I'm mostly known for givin other niggaz lumps So niggaz better chill and maintain I'm blowin motherfuckers out the frame And if a nigga try to flex Fuck around, and catch a motherfuckin suplex I wet a motherfucker like a shower Don't test the Puerto Rican power Fat Joe in the year of ninety-three Peace to Grand Pu', and my man Diamond D So _Punks Jump Up to Get Beat Down_ Yeah, but for now watch the sound 	"Watch de sound when I tim-berr" (4X) [Grand Puba] Check it Yo Fat Joe, it's time to fuckin flow Niggaz know the game It's time to blow the bitch-ass niggaz out the frame Guess who comes to represent? If you motherfuckers don't know, well here's a hint It's the God and I still bag chicks Make the girls feel hot, be like a faggot with the bag of dicks So come on cause I'm comin for the basket Say goodbye to your friends, and start headin for the casket So Doogie make the daquiris; and light the chocolate  that you got from Willy Wonka in the Chocolate Factory Let's squeeze a trigger for the nigga See I flipped to the 'lo, cause I'm through with the Hilfiger Cause I flips the flavor-loo It's good for a fuck or two, you couldn't see this no matter what the fuck you do I smash that ass like a block of hash Then I rob you for cash, you little bitch ass 	"Watch de sound when I tim-berr" (4X) [Diamond D] Niggaz know the flav, I don't have to take a step I earn my respect then quiet as kept Yeah, guard your grill if you try to catch wreck Smack the back of your neck, and take your YouthCore check I make more dough than Gregory Peck Never have to raise a fist, I keep my stunts in check I play a nigga out, like a Las Vegas dealer Living in the light, just like Karen Wheeler So back up, and take a good look, because you should look at what a good cook, can do without a fuckin cookbook I don't sniff coke, and I don't smoke coolies Even Italians say I'm one cool moolie But niggaz call me JoJo I'm quick to stick a chick, cause I kick the Willie BoBo on the Northside, on the Southside, on the Westside You can't budge me nigga, even the best tried to pull a fast one, but you know what happened to the last one? (What?) He got his motherfuckin ass done (Yeah!) So step up, front, I'm not a bitch-ass chump Chicks by the clicks, cause my pockets got the mumps See I'm the wrong nigga to fuck with Don't try to play yourself, cause you'll be stuck with a motherfuckin ice pick right through the cheek I'm leavin crab niggaz, layin in the street I won't 'fess, walk around with a vest Knockin niggaz off, cause I could care less You want a fair one, FORGET IT And your girlfriend, yo I let my man hit it So save the bluff, you know you ain't tough (yeah) I pull your card cause you're soft like fluff kid I never ever did a bid I punch a nigga down a Row named Skid 	"Watch de sound when I tim-berr" (8X) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Frankie Cutlass f/ June Lover, Sadat X, Redman Album: Politics & Bullshit Song: You & You & You Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Intro/Chorus: You and you and you, clap your hands I want, you and you and you to clap your hands, I want You and you and you, clap your hands I want, you and you and you to clap your hands Verse One: June Lover Make a hole, niggaz up, comin through blastin Who's reactin, I would like to know, where's the action? Can I get a piece? If so point me out To your livest MC, without a doubt Hey I gets down for mine haven't you heard Breakin niggaz off somethin real proper word You can't see me, and as I appeared on the TV Representin Stapleton's click known as GP I'm bad news, rippin clowns in twos Take a minute to adjust, pump the Reebok shoes And I'm Swayze, leavin niggaz misty and hazy Fuckin like a mad Russian from here to Haiti Ladies, I keeps em locked down like bikes Game uptight like a boricua in some bikers Shorts I take none that's word to my mother Reputations, really makes people wonder Can I take em, shake em, one time But I won't lose composure, freeze when I froze ya Thirty-two below just-ice sacrifice to the Gods of rap, true indeed infact You couldn't handle, acrid pain of insane thoughs of seven and a half ounces of brain Wisdom gained nuff respect due to the righteous Who be building in the ciphers, clap your motherfuckin hands Chorus Verse Two: Sadat X I got the soul of James, with the flames on the horn I'm at Carnegie Hall, with a fist full of dollars The heavy man sings while the caged bird hollers From, lyrics to birds, guerilla tactics like the Serbs The kid wanna be at the bar with the big boys I'll serve that ass a glass, this should be a blast I rhyme real fast, but I can still reach the mass Oh you got some heads with that lime green grass? Put it in the air, in war everything is fair And violent off the hoarse, you don't file for divorce On the grounds that I left a pound around in your crown Now Rule rip, but also Boogie Down I be the man on the stage like the man on the wax The blue collar MC with the blue collar job Walk around on the streets with my blue collar mob Train wrecks couldn't cause more damage than a runaway X Two-one-five line is up in your behind I rock from one-oh-six, all the way to one-ten Black puerto rican and dominican I came to rock for all my people and my uptown fans, c'mon Chorus Verse Three: Redman I endeavor, clever, Funk Doctor brings the storm weather you ready or not it's time to set shop up Lock up your doors while my metaphors make your glock pop up Chief unique Rocka, bitch knocka Fuckin up the place with unseen extremes Disaster that Freddy couldn't possibly imagine Beatin down beats like BeatNuts bruise crews Damage your conscience, totally fuckin your sleep up I need that OJ Juice in my system That make us income, of the victims Freaky deaky, blow your Platoon to Twins with Dangerous Minds I'm the expert mic cord strangless Bang the head like a car wreck collision My reefer, thick like boricuas, I love hittin The submission, go through thirty packs of rubbers Frankie Cutlass, use the cutters, fuck ya Demolish, leave most MC's jobless Boxin, apple cobblers, at Roy Rogers I make it happen, freeze Alaskans, with my armaggedeon Plus make Martin, get to steppin What cha wanna do when I'm comin for you Run through your fuckin crew like the flu, check it Chorus Artist: Free South Africa/Hip Hop Against Apartheid Album: Ndodemnyama 12" Song: Ndodemnyama (Video Version) Typed by: jostmatt@bluewin.ch [ Afrika Bambaataa ] Why do you (you) (you) (you) come to di land (di land) (di land) Zulu (Zulu) (Zulu) (Zulu) (Zulu) (Zulu) [ Brother Jay ] Brother Jay speaks, silly mortals take heed Protected by the red, black, green with a key Slaves from the Motherland, boy, what a drag Especially when royalty's chained by a caveman A vanglorious way by the colors Free South Africa and free our Mother [ Professor X ] Mandela, protected by the red, the black and the green With a key Sissyyyyyyyy-ah Ndodemnyama Mr. Botha Ndodemnyama South Africa [ Lakim Shabazz ] We're black by popular demand, let's take a stand Break the Klan and join hands We got to struggle and fight for what's right Cause this government got a got grip and they hold it tight I know your grip will slip, that's if we strive for perfection In the right direction Freedom, justice and equality For you and me, it's plain to see What we need is black unity [ Afrika Baby Bam of Jungle Brothers ] Yeah (Alright) Ah-ha (Alright) Yeah (Alright) I give it to brothers in the north, south, west and east Grandfather Bambaataa said I could speak my piece Grab a few bars and what I say is that Crush that African Apartheid bullcrap Poppa had this before you I got my rifle to your dome, now what you wanna do? [ Mike G of Jungle Brothers ] Think about a brother never havin a say so When they say come you come, when they say go you go Eat what you're given and not what you wanted Limitations on your livin and you still gettin taunted If the Father of Creation was to come at you down You'd find a very pleasant home six feet under the ground Poppa was here before you I got my rifle to your head, now what you gonna do? Ndodemnyama Mr. Botha Ndodemnyama South Africa [ UTFO ] Dr. Martin Luther King died for the people Because society wouldn't treat us equal Racism existed, it dawn on ya? How would you feel if your home was taken away from ya? Murdered, beaten, hung, that's a sin That's in the past - my man, it's still happenin The three of us, psst, we ain't chokin UTFO have spoken Ndodemnyama Mr. Botha Ndodemnyama South Africa [ Master Rob of Ultimate Force ] The plan was a scam and those who concocted the plan Rose up and took over the Motherland Since it's bloodshed and violence And those who dare speak out like Mandela were silenced But it takes but a spark In the heart and the soul for a man to embark On his quest for freedom And if they stand as one, then no one can beat em Always told when to live or die But as our babies cry we say down with apartheid Master Rob and Diamond D We'll keep on fightin till South Africa's free (We need it) Ndodemnyama Mr. Botha Ndodemnyama South Africa [ Grand Puba of Brand Nubian ] Free South Africa - well ah Mandela locked in a cellar What's the reason? Caucasians say it's treason Don't front on me cause it's not the type of season Less than a sec to give some brothers direc' I add the words and my beat will connect Causin a trauma more than a bullshit drama Coma, Brand Nubian suited and armored Raise the flag, the color's green, black and red You make a fist and put it over your head You see, we only came here to pull a rug out Step to the place, slam it out, back to the dug out [ Kings Of Swing ] Stand up, put your hand up, help a brother Wave the peace sign, yo, word to the mother We are the Kings Of Swing rock shockin the rhyme Yo, to help free the black man in all mankind I'm glad to get together because the move is strong To free South Africa in a hip-hop song You need freedom and justice to correct your sin Yo Mike, what's the true colors? Red, black and green [ ???? ] Treat people like people and animals like animals You eatin people's freedom, you worse than cannibals There's something I think you should know Fuck you and let my people go You don't like us? So what, we don't like you They say we're racist, ah-ah, it's not true Look in the mirror, can you see the light? I know you could cause your ass is white [ Queen Latifah ] Praise me not as a queen of a queendom Who took a few slaves for they were weak and I seen them I'm an advocate of positivity I wrote this rhyme to show the blind creativity We demand our freedom, you promise ifs, ands or maybes Cut us no slack and still kill our babies The time to tolerate apartheid is over and done So watch the world say the black man won [ ?????? ] Noir ou blanc, il n'y a pas de couleur ( ? ) dans le temps Mais en Afrique Du Sud noirs, blancs marchant contre le courrant Et certains gouvernments, pour se donner bonne conscience Prennent des sanctions - bidons pour appaiser une tension Qui ne cessera qu'avec la libration de Mandela Et quand Peter Botha et sa clique de ( ? ) Libront de toute oppression et sans condition Tous mes frres [ Revolucien ] Afrique, specialement dans le sud L o la violence est la plus rude Retour dans le pass, l'emblme ( ? ) Pour eux c'tait une ( ? ) limin Ku-Klux Klan et l'apartheid Ont le mme problme, toujours la mme histoire de dingue La race arienne - de toute faon En attendant la suite Ecoute-moi ce beat [ raggamuffin segment ] [ Lin Que ] Apartheid - white supremacy Nelson Mandela - damn, let us be Segregation degrading to the black man It's not only the problem of South Africans My attitude towards whites turns sour We must join hands and get with the black power Lumumba, Professor X, The Overseer The Blackwatch is protected by the leader [ Professor X ] Vanglorious, protected by the red, the black and the green With a key Sissyyyy-ah [ Lin Que ] Buried all my bones in the sands of the Motherland Our fate in the hands of the white man This involves more than separation The white population occupies supremacy Stripped us of our dignity and our identity And our humanity, why such insanity? What kind of world are we livin in? Jugding one's worth by the color of a skin [ Professor X ] Zoom Zoom Zoom Zoom [ Arthur X ] Well, I'm Arthur X from the Nation of Islam Preparin to drop another big bomb I know what time it is, I see the picture And you will too if you understand scriptues Botha, you walk the wrong path The time has come for you to feel the wrath Can't sleep, can't wait, no time to rest Cause Allah has always been on the side of the oppressed Ndodemnyama Mr. Botha Ndodemnyama South Africa Ndodemnyama Mr. Botha Ndodemnyama South Africa Yama Ndodemnyama Mr. Botha Yama Ndodemnyama South Africa Yama Ndodemnyama Mr. Botha Yama Ndodemnyama South Africa Yama Ndodemnyama Mr. Botha Yama Ndodemnyama South Africa Yama Ndodemnyama Mr. Botha Yama Ndodemnyama South Africa The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Funkmaster Flex f/ Akinyele and Sadat X Album: The Mix Tape Volume 1: 60 Minutes of Funk Song: Loud Hangover Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Funkmaster Flex] 	YouknowhatI'msayin? 60 Minutes of Funk 	Akinyele, Sadat X UHHHH! (Akinyele) Money is the sweetest hangover! 	Funkmaster Flex hittin you with Volume 1 boy (Sadat X) Aiyyo I don't wanna get over! 	Mix tape flavor! (Sadat X) Money is the sweetest hangover! (Akinyele) Aiyyo I don't wanna get over! (Sadat X) I be the wild cowboy got a lot of style boy    Ask some kids around your neighborhood block    I be seen... 	YouknowhatI'msayin? 60 Minutes of Funk 	Akinyele, Sadat X, UHHHH! (Akinyele) Money is the swee... 	YouknowhatI'msayin? 60 Minutes of Funk 	Akinyele, Sadat X, UHHHH! (Akinyele) Money is the swee... 	YouknowhatI'msayin? 60 Minutes of Funk 	Akinyele, Sadat X, UHHHH! (Akinyele) Money is the sweetest hangover! 	Funkmaster Flex hittin you with Volume 1 boy (Sadat X) Aiyyo I don't wanna get over! 	Mix tape flavor! (Sadat X) I be the wild/Money is the sweetest hangover! (Akinyele) I be the wild/Aiyyo I don't wanna get over! (Sadat X)  I be the wild cowboy got a lot of style I be the wild cowboy got a lot of style I be the wild cowboy got a lot of style I be the wild cowboy got a lot of style boy Ask the kids neighbor-neighborhood block Hangin-hangin out so-so mindin-mindin the fat spots-spots Slams to Aves-Aves on the fat tip [Flex rewinds] Arms is time, with the mud for the Scud Like Mario Elli jumps out from the G line Baby won't you be mine, baby won't you be mine (Akinyele) I'm flippin up like an addict kickin realism Yes insane like Sadaam on the television flippin fat terrorism, yo, Akinyele, this is him You probably hear my rhythms through the, tunnels of prison Listen word to the coffins of Yusef Hawkins Rappers be rappin rough talkin But I be clappin guns that be blockin To make they ass step like a WalkMan You don't, stand a chance against, Mr. Magnificent Cause ever since the days of British Walkers A sole street talker, New Yorker Wailing on your ass like like Parker Delivering rhymes/lines like Ceasearian Coming from the gut, here to cut you motherfuckers up My style as sharp as a MACHETE Shredding rappers like SPAGHETTI Your crew better jump back in the oven cause them niggaz ain't READY to deal with crooks Even a shark could get his jaws took, from a right hook Cause I tap more Chins than the Chinese phonebooks (Sadat X) If there's a cure for being rich (Akinyele) I don't want it, I don't want it (Akinyele) Aiyyo, and if there's a cure for being broke (Sadat X) Nigga I need it, and I need it (Sadat X) Hey life to me is no Popcorn Love Better saddle up this year with two gloves Home, home to me's the range Where the deers and the chickenheads get slayed Brand Nubian could never be played, wild cowboy cartel, Brand Nubian I love it well Put on intent to sell, but the Gods can't be large in the Nubian name, I been in the game And remain with the fame, and remained the same Hey your man's comin home from jail in a month He's the big diesel nigga, I'm the mid-size nigga If you don't want it to happen, put his pictures back up on the wall, because I'm not the homewrecker see kicked in the movies, with his Kool-Aid lookin thirst But they ain't makin moves cause they know honey been drinkin in bars ridin around in cars Fried chicken never tasted so good, recipes from the Colonel's steamy chicken box Make the temperature sweat, and keep your tight skirt wet [Funkmaster Flex] 	60 Minutes of Funk, Volume 1 	Big shout to the Flip Squad (Akinyele) So if there's a cure for being rich (Sadat X) I don't want it, I don't want it (Akinyele) Aiyyo and if there's a cure for being broke (Sadat X) Nigga I need it, and I need it (Akineyle) Aiyyo, niggaz on my dick Cause I stay dropping jewels like the incarcerated version of Slick Rick There's no question I'll, damage a professional Cause I'm a big child, in this profession Scatchin and itchin to set it, like a yeast infection Big up to agreement rappers, don't know the half Movin like moonwalkers with your backwards ass I'm too fast, for those who procrastinate Goin bananas like gorillas from the Planet of the Apes To play it safe, you punks better wear capes You can't escape, when I'm on your fire escape hangin your ass out the window like drapes You want beef I bring steak bust your motherfucking chop It's the Ak, straight up and down, like six o'clock I'm amped like watts with a fo'-fo' that go Hit that toe and shot, cause word to Sadat X marks the spot when it's time to get hot (Sadat X) Money is the sweetest hangover! [Funkmaster Flex] 	You know what I'm saying, 60 Minutes of Funk (Akinyele) I said I don't wanna get over! 	Funkmaster Flex Mix Tape flavor, Volume 1 boy! (Akinyele) Money is the sweetest hangover! 	Big shout to my man Akinyele (Sadat X) Hey I don't wanna get over! 	Big shout to Sadat X, Queens style buckwild (Akinyele) Money is the sweetest hangover! 	you know how I do! (Sadat X) Hey I don't wanna get over! 	Big shout to my man Michelob rippin shit in Doo-Doo-Wop Projects (Akinyele) Money is the sweetest hangover! 	Boogie Down Bronx till we die yo! (Sadat X and Akinyele) I said money is the sweetest hangover! [Funkmaster Flex cuts up DJ Kool's "20 Minute workout" as the song ends] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Heavy D f/ Kool G. Rap, Grand Puba, CL Smooth   Big Daddy Kane, Pete Rock, Q-Tip Album: Peaceful Journey Song: Don't Curse Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Heavy D] This one definitely goes out on a censorship tip So everybody sit back, relax and have a champagne sip We gonna teach these people out there who are Against saying what we want to say the right way Y'know what I'm saying, so what we're gonna do Is kick back, swing a little funky beat by my man DJ Pete Rock, prducer extrodinaire, yo Pete Rock Make it clear I can flex, bend, lend a pen to a friend Keep a party pimping from now to then I don't have to swear, curse or juggle Lyrics in the verse to make a party bubble So mister Censorship, tell me, what's your problem There's girlies on the corner, and phifey can't solve 'em How did she say it, I'm curious G Does she say honey love me, or baby baby, fun me Anyway, we say what we wanna say Play how we wanna play, feels good that way So G Rap, huh, it's time to kick a verse Do your man a favor and don't curse [Kool G. Rap] You're telling me don't curse on a verse, they did it worse First I put a curse on every verse I kind of got outrageous Check it, even made a record on how I'm doing on the B-I-T-C-Hes Drop some verses for the bust Every word that you heard is cause I didn't give a f-, aw shucks Hey yo, I almost forgot The curse is a plot but it's getting kinda hot So I'ma let profanity retire, hey But if worse comes to worse, I'll cut you out like Richard Pryor So Grand Puba, kick a verse But do your man a favor and don't curse [Grand Puba] Don't curse bust it I won't curse, I'll take a famous curse word and just say kcuf Kcuf flipped around the other way means ha Boy when I do, I see, I can't get stuck Jump on the mic then I earn a quick buck Buck meaning loot, then I grab some boots And set wit my troops For those who can't follow and got stuck Kcuf flipped the other way means ahem, hem hem It's just a curse, I freaked a nurse in a hearse But I made sure I had my hat first CL Smooth, it's time to kick a verse God cypher the rhyme, you can't curse [CL Smooth] Go ahead ask me, when I kick a curse in a verse, I say nope Grab you by your hand, wash you're mouth out wit soap Thinking to be the last one wit the bad lingo Scooping on the skinz in the church from your bingo Sounds of the Mecca, dark fresh from the tailor Because they made a movie when he cuss like a sailor Better yet, dialect dirty like a subway Freaking for your loot, here to make it go the other way In a vocabulary scrimage But cursing in my village ain't good for my image So Big Daddy, you know it's time to kick a verse But do your man a favor, don't curse [Big Daddy Kane] Uhn, the smooth rap inventor that enter Parental discretion's not advised so there's no need to censor Kids wanna peep it, but you want to beep it, what I feel like slapping a sticker on ya (chill chill, see) but Too magical rhymes are too tragical For any source to stop Kane from getting capital If I thought sticking me was dissing me Man, don't you know that this would be worse than Stephen King's Misery So clean all profanity, stealing all the man to be Rocking any microphone you're handing me So Heavy D, i'm about to disperse So kick another verse and don't forget not to curse (Heavy D talks) [Pete Rock] God Bless but I can't mess around wit the curses So I'm a kick verses or a verse Soul brother #1 here to kick facts Smoke the microphone and produce crazy tracks Your my bad bro, let's start the flow I'm a kick rhymes till it's time for me to go I can't curse cause Heavy D said so Now I'm a get back to the subject Get wreck, if you think I'm bluffing, just check Wit the crew, Pete Rock and CL Smooth very down to earth And we didn't have to curse [Q-Tip] Yea, yea the Abstract poet Q-tip of a Tribe Called Quest Here to wreck, y'knowhatI'msayin Got my man Pete Rock and my man Heavy D in the house And we're definitley chilling on the lifted tip So bust the spit out, aha Flim flam flim, lick my big black stuff Plus I kick a curse to be rough enuff You can put the sticker where the sun don't shine So back off and let me get mine Visions in my head when it's dealing wit hits If I had 4 girls then I lick 8 its Wait, don't wanna hear no drama Cause the bum didaly Heav is a fav of my mama's So i blew out get mad lifted Don't have to say up the show that I'm gifted God bless me 'cause I reach my 21st Heavy D, don't drop a curse [Heavy D] Peace, peace, peace to the preacher I'm talking about a verse without a curse that's how I reach ya I can rock a party without a swear or a harsh verb Backwards, no curse words, Heavy D prefers So swing, swing to the Soul bequiem rhythm Before I say goodbye, let me tell ya how I hit 'em CL, Pete Rock, G Rap, Maxwell Big Daddy, Q-Tip and ah me as well Time to say peace, thank Pete for the beats This funky beat was made for the street Notice how clean that we kept every verse But if worst came to worst (We all say a curse) (Free Slick Rick...) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: House of Pain f/ Sadat X Album: The Truth Crushed to Earth Shall Rise Again Song: Heart Full of Sorrow  If I was to sit down and actually write out a list  Of the MCs that missed it would be the constitution  They play their caps backwards still saying wack words  No power to (durhust) just a few yes men  Raising the question of who gave you a contract  They should be fired youre officially retired  I see you make a little cash and start showing your ass  You get laced up with jewels your crews acting like fools  Playing hard rock surrounded by body guards  Hoping no one pulls your cord you got me laughing pretty hard  Thinking youre the white hot man of the hour  But you just cant figure how your flavor went sour  Back in 89 PE fought the power and in 86 Big Daddy Kane was raw  And I was right there on the first floor of the Palladium  You never played a venue local college or a stadium  A young boys (fiddin pad) fad is now a grown mans profession  To earn this is a blessing  This skills have me guessing learn cause Im testing  Follow this down no question  No doubt check it out  You be either rhyming in code or on some gangster node  You all clockwork apocalypse you about to implode  Collapsing on yourself cause your whole foundation is  Built on lies dont apologize  Cause once they watch you rise they wanna watch you fall  And theyll all take a piece just like the Berlin wall  And place it on their mantle like a souvenir  And what they call a knick-knack is really your career  Chorus  You aint promise nothing but a pocket full of stress  Still there be people that would die for less  You aint promise nothing but a heart full of sorrow  If they dont like the demo make a new one tomorrow  You aint promise nothing but a pocket full of stress  Still there be people that would die for less  You aint promise nothing but a heart full of sorrow  If they dont like the demo make a new one tomorrow  When its time to rise Ill open the archives  When you be in dreams you got 85s  Chrome down with the leather package  You got a home of your own  Youre holding acres  I got it made  Season tickets to the Knickers and the Lakers  Playing both coasts closed and European festivals  Crowd scream decibels x2  In your ear you wanna make rapping your career  From Arkansas to Minnesota I sell out the quota  I be the wet dream making cream for promoters  We keep the shit right we dont be starting no fights  And he wont hold out my dough cause Im a put out his lights  And once the crew hits the stage the crowd gets involved  We show love they show it back all problems solved  You can boom shalock and jump to the sounds I pump  But I aint quitting till Im shitting on Donald Trump  So take heed to the verses and styles and versions  When you socialize with other MCs  And boast your rhymes to company enemies  And in any cases that feel is what you want  ???  You want to make money money and take every honey  Rap charges aint funny but it boost your career  Your penile style is now hanging from a tier  Now you wanna know fear to impress your peers  Now your ass outta here the rap game goes on The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jigmastas f/ Sadat X Album: Infectious Song: Don't Get it Twisted Typed by: jussihie@jippii.fi * * send corrections to the typist (Tap Dance sample) [Sadat X] My ruule of thumb is that finesse come first Before I thirst, I burst and that'll be worst What's your beef about? Nothing to lose no sleep about Creep around town in a jeep lean-green Smash me sixteen Need a dope-fiend-lean Clean your vein Seam your brain We full metal in the borough My niggaz be like: Yo, X! Go from with this main line There's thin line between seeing and a blind She was so unkind I gave her money and she wasn't buying Nah, was like the broad was mine Police in the Bronx gave me the hardest time In the shadow of the city where Babe played My niggaz stay in slave But then there is always rebels Me spitting grim He ?mobile? me a slim I do this for my leasure ?As a case of whim? [Chorus - 2X] Borough to borough Day to day we neck-deep up in the grind, see and you shall find That real shit Examine the label, avoide the bootleg Why risk it? Dat X and J-I-G's Don't get it twisted [MC Kriminal] I'm noted for that hardcore rap Non-fiction and pure fact For that neck-breaking bounce like you're travelling on horseback What your jaws jab? It's consequential Get your jaws tapped I made you draw back No need to question what caused that We could brawl, black See who be the first to fall flat Punks get beat down, yes I do it for all that X marks the spot, now I'ma take game And set flames to it, drain fluids Stop your flow, autograph my name to it Skate through the city, blow smoke out the sunroof ?Command? respect from crabs with minimum gun use Confront you if you wan't to go there Niggaz never believe shit 'til the have to use hands to roll chair It's so clear why your wife wan't it up the box Love to shop, met her in the mall invested all your stock Was a hot item for a minute But I had the ?Gilligans? I switched focus trying get this money in ???? [Chorus - 2X] [Sadat X] Who ready to get hit with these eight balls of poison? Who can face it? What you going to chase it with after I lace it? I tell my cats one thing: The first time is basic All hail the great Dat X the King I don't give a fuck about your chain or bullshit ring Sometime my cats are so thirst to hustle their thing I dare nigga try come around and try shine and bling for real But this just how I feel [MC Kriminal] Touching on that topic, is like I feel the same way X Mad rappers are all flossed dropping that lame reign text Who they trying impress? Real niggaz, we ain't phased by it Got dimwitted birds in the club, I guess they buy it I stay solid 'cause we got that authentic shit Niggaz know when we swing, It'll be that underground hit No matter what you clowns spit How many rounds in your clip X-man and Kriminal, you've never sound as good as this [Chorus - 2X] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Kid Capri f/ Brand Nubian, Diamond D Album: Soundtrack To The Streets Song: Hot This Year Typed by: Nature2QBC@aol.com		 [Diamond D] *talking on a phone Yo Capri, yo this is Diamond, um.. Check it out um..I moved the session to next Wednesday At 12 noon, plug me in at D&D, you'll be outta there by one o'clock Aiight? Call me back and umm..give me confirmation. [Sadat X] I'm ageless, pageless, only want me for that thing Hang up the phone, wants to let it ring Wit my gold chain, nothing as the hangin rope Who wanna stay in court plus knowin the fact that I'm smokey [Lord Jamar] Bust you in the back and play the low key Trustin in the fact that where I go, knowbody knows me Maybe then I'll go to where the weather is more suited to my taste And you got, uprooted in the first place [Grand Puba] I got the 'Chelle fire, cuz I get deeper than Mya Stay on shorties domes like them beauty parlor dryers Want some verbal spit from the semi-auto lip Your whole body get hit, then you start dancin and *shit* [Diamond D] And I'm the, overweight afro-diesiaic I only lick two and pass if your trees be black I leave the, promoters screamin "Won't you please be back?" Detonating, till bell-bottom Lee's come back Chorus Chorus [Kid Capri] So Brand Nu's, you can make it hot this year And Diamond D, you can make it hot this year So Brand Nu's, you can make it hot this year And Diamond D, you're rollin wit the Kid Capri Brand Nu's you can make it hot this year And Diamond D, we all can make it hot this year Brand Nu's, you can make it hot this year And Diamond D, you're rollin wit the Kid Capri [Sadat X] Aight, now here's to y'all all and my new Bronx address I'm out wit the old *shit*, got a brand new mattress Don't want no girl wit no flat chest How 'bout the one wit the ?pack less? I tickle you laugh, but I just got the math Over on Park Ave, off the concourse on ? She took two and, she could do it My whole crew got anger's wit them Similar to travellin, salesman hittin things from women Or whatever [Lord Jamar] Allah Uhakbar, Lord Jamar spit in devil's face like Roberto Alomar Choke a Phillie L like Latrell Sprewell Straight from the Rochelle where the G-O-D's dwell I hope you didn't think that we fell We drink from the well, and it never runs dry So we never gon die We multiply wit mathematics, womens call us charismatic Smoke the aro-matic, too much, guess it's a habit Chorus [Grand Puba] Here me dog, cuz a *nigga* ain't the run of the mill Blow up your body at will, like a chick on the pill I make it hot to death, swing it from right to left Cuz I talk so much *shit* I can taste it on my breath I got the head knock, keep rhyme flows under padlock Like comstock, wit more shoes than a Foot Locker And it don't stop, Diamond D and Brand Nu Baggin more chickens than that *nigga* Frank Purdue [Diamond D] No more domestication, on some over-seas *shit* Beat a *nigga ass* till he says "please quit" While you home alone marinatin on cheese sticks I'm in the back of the 'Burban wit some Chinese chicks Lookin at a map, one chick on my lap Tellin me how she was born in the year of the rap But by the time we reach the house, there's no waitin in fact All you see is ankles (YEAH, WHAT) from the front to the back Chorus [Kid Capri] Big shouts to my peoples all over Uptown Big shouts to my peoples all over the world Brand Nubian, big shouts to Diamond D Big shouts to Diggin In The Crates It's the Kid Capri, and we puttin it down like that Straight hip-hop, straight to your mouth, word up I'm outta here The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: K.M.D. f/ Brand Nubian Album: Mr. Hood Song: Nitty Gritty Typed by: dyslexis@aol.com Ay-yo, peace god, Shaquan Allah! Yo peace, this J-Quest the Boogie Man Yo, peace, god, D-Black Peace to the gods! Tony D. from the Now Rule mob Ay-yo, ain't them the gods K.M.D. in matter of fact? Yeah, K.M.D. - yo, ain't them the brothers Brand Nubians? Yo, I heard they go by the name of the God Squad, what's up with that? The Five Percent and the Ansaar together? That is something totally new indeed, god, true indeed god [Zev Love X] Check it out! Born again, my soul then, blends K.M.D. and Brand Nubian, friends X tends to grip palm in cousin calm In this knowledge of self, so commence to bombin' As alarmin' as a beep from your beeper What you needed was a wake-up call to the Sun, you sleeper You don't wanna get wolfed by the wolf, does ya? [Naaah] Good guessin' - switch the pitch up Another session from the infamous God Squad See, we's all peas in the same pod, god On and upright, getting downright knit With rod held up tight, 'cause I'm sick wit' Nitwit Witnesses knockin' at my door Preaching the Lord to change your life around I figure I just saw Jamar the other day uptown Give him a pound, it's no puzzle, relax The nit-wits guzzle 85 proof that's Max! [Grand Puba Maxwell] God Cipher Divine, as I build on an incline Quick to help another, 'cause I know I'ma get mine Build-Powers think they hard, but they killin' they own kind Emphatically no, divine evil got him in his mind Now you caught a case you're in the mountains, you're a lifer With no skins from your girl, that's a He-Cipher-Monkey-Cipher Or you can use the next plan Vaseline, a magazine or your lovin' hand I know you know who got you livin' like this, Black man So honey, honey, honey, with the real big titties... "Let's get right down to the real nitty gritty now!" Put some clothes on that behind And maybe brothers wouldn't think skins all the time You wanna look lustful, but don't want them to lust Which is crazier than a bag of dust So weavy weavy weavy is quick to deceive me So I had to tell Weavy weavy, leave me [Onyx the Birthstone Kid] Yeah, I hear you Haji, but yo, I got something for those that are frontin' out there, god Now ain't that the pits - another brother's blown to bits But when the news hits, everybody catch fits He gets mad, but still at home we sits Piggin' out on the big pig, spoon to the grits Talkin' 85 jive, brothers they wanna get live But some funk while I strive See I strive, I gotta keep gods steppin' in harmony The devils try bombin' me, the devils try Tommin' me up But Now Cipher Way, I gots knowledge of self I been had it, but it's a bad habit to health See I build with the Nubians I chill with I fill with - my Zig-Zag-Zig I never lived big, I never lived large, I never lived fat The devil man in this land, he won't allow that So brother man, I don't wanna bust you But if you don't know the devil, then how can I trust you? Know'm sayin'? [Lord Jamar] Ay-yo, true indeed Onyx, they don't know the time on the dial It's like this... Life's hardships Stones are placed and one must face trips Falls and spills and kills and cause mishaps These are some of his traps But I got a jewel which needs no gift wrap So just receive, believe when shown the light The devil gets left, the Gods gotta get right To the source of our loss, stop wearing the cross Do for self, kill that "Yes, sir, boss!" and When you do, from the other you won't beg Can't you see my brother, yo, the Arma-Legga-Leg Arm supreme Head And instead Of relyin', why don't you start tryin'? You say try is to fail, I say try is an attempt 'Cause when you stop tryin' that Makes victory exempt from your cipher The life you lead is not hype The Black man was not born to be a gutter snipe Or an alley cat - you should be steppin' to the rally fat Not just with dough, but with the knowledge you know So, get up and go Get yourself a book of life instead of living life like a hooker! Know'm sayin, that's the knowledge of self And do for self! Black man gotta move on... [Subroc] I see some so dense Man, from head to toe they're full of lead I flipped a brick, nah, I build a fort instead So I talked, chilled, before I flipped! 'Cause in actuality my man's mentality was stripped Back to the roots I am, that I am a king Cream in the coffee? No thanks, plaything You simple teenage, you thought you got the knack to be Black State of mind ain't like mine I got soul that you lack Each one teach in every town, we like that The God Squad is like Homey the Clown, we don't play that Coon, jigaboo, Uncle Toms in the mix Get a clue, or get the Book of Psalms, 82 and 6 "All gods, and children of the Most High" Cave-guys still fry in the Sun, and don't deny I got a third eyesight vibe that don't lie I AM that I AM good night, divine evil's the bullseye Bam! Right between the eyes! So y'all know who's the target right? [Sadat X] Yeah, I hear ya Subroc, and I see it like this: It's a modern type of style, look at what I did A devil still can't build a pyramid I dug a - tunnel to Asia Wrote a speech with a laser Rush your brain with a [???] strain A god in god's clothing, and the devil's loathing Got enemies, but I really don't give a damn Smacked a man 'cause he tried to serve a plate of ham Disguised in a patty, my uncle Trevor's knotty dread [? He got a dude that's Fred, used to be a foot Fed The city {???] suspension?], and I forgot to mention That I'm the word buff, yes, enough is enough Zig-zag-zig, watch the Black man get big and burst The Black man is first I drive a black hearse and I bury all the devils With K.M.D. I can raise up my levels Bust it! [everyone] Yeah! You know what I'm sayin'?  It's time to build, it's time to build... We gotta raise up the dead... Word is bond, we gotta reach them - let 'em see the light You know what I'm saying? True indeed... 'Cause each one must teach one, that's how we reach one God Squad - getting down to the Nitty Gritty... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: K.M.D. f/ Busta Rhymes, Lord Jamar, Sadat X Album: Nitty Gritty 12" Song: Nitty Gritty (Dog Spelled Backwards Mix) * Typed by: jostmatt@bluewin.ch [ * also appears on The Best of K.M.D. ] [ Zev Love X ] This is a re-mix! (To what?) It's is a RE-MIX! (To what?) IT'S A REMIX! Let's get right down to (The nitty gritty) (The nitty gritty) (The nitty gritty) (The nitty gritty) (The nitty gritty) (The nitty gritty)	--> MC Lyte (Let's get right down to the nitty gritty)	--> Tim Dog [ Zev Love X ] Born again, a soul bend blends K.M.D. and Brand Nubian, friends X-tends to grip palm and causin calm in His knowledge of self, so commence to bombin As alarmin as a beep from your beeper What you needed was a wake-up call to the sun, you sleeper You don't wants get woke by the wolf, does ya? (Naaah...) Good guessin Switch the pitch up, another session From the infamous God Squad You see, we's all peas in the same pod, god -od after 7, my attribute is -even My tolerance is gone and my word is bond You see the Nitwits knockin Preach, "the Lord'll change your life around" I figure I just saw Jamar the other day uptown Give him a pound, it's no puzzle, they musta Been guzzlin that 85 proof, ask Busta [ Busta Rhymes ] Question number one, how can you go wrong? K.M.D., can I sing this song? (Sho' nuff) The nitty gritty, do the nitty gritty Get on down and let's do the nitty gritty Busta Rhymes from the top of Chill City Flippin on the rhythm, showin you that I get busy Stand up for the right of the young and the witty Movin inconspicuous like a baby kitty Moved to the Island and I left the urban city Whylin in the Island till I find a young bitty Baby doll, well, I never ever fall Hard, let the God Squad in the dancehall K.M.D., Brand Nubian Leaders Of The New School always be chillin Hold up, so I can get illy First to interfer here and I'm comin back silly Now I feel the vibes of the choco in the Philly You know you can't fuck because we rippin it, Smitty I know you love this song ( ? ) to the break of dawn Onyx, god, tell me what is going on? [ Onyx the Birthstone Kid ] What, what goes? As far as I know, see, bros Are havin trouble knowin who's friends and who's foes The worst devil is a black devil Because you come disguised as a wolf in sheep's clothes Like Preacher Porkchop who keeps the church clappin Mo' comes the money, mo' money got him yappin He sucks your bucks, so his pockets fatten He's got some guts, he pimp-struts up to Staten Island, I be chillin in Long Island, Long Beach Hippin gods to they culture with the strong speech I build with the Nubians I chill with I fill with my zig-zag-zig I never lived big, I never lived large, I never lived fat The devil man in this land, he won't allow that So brother man, I don't wanna bust you But if you don't know the devil, gee, I can't trust you [ Onyx ] Knowmsayin, man You just can't brothers who don't know what time it is [ Zev Love X ] True indeed, true indeed, yo So Lord J [ Lord Jamar ] Yo, that's true indeed And I know the time of the day Lord Jamar goes like this [ Lord Jamar ] Life's hardships Stones are placed and one must face trips Falls and spills to kills and cause mishaps These are some of his traps But I got a jewel that needs no gift wrap So just receive, believe when shown the light The devil gets left, the gods gotta get right To the source of our loss, stop wearin the cross Do for self, kill that "Yes, sir, boss," and When you do, from the other you won't beg Can't you see my brother, you're the Arma-Legga-Leg Arm, supreme Head, and instead Of relyin, why don't you start tryin? You say try is to fail, I say try is an attempt Cause when you stop tryin that makes victory exempt From your cipher, the life you lead is not hype The blackman was not born to be a gutter snipe Or an alley cat, you should be steppin to the rally fat Not just with dough, but with the knowledge you know So, get up and go, get yourself a book of Life instead of living life like a hooker Get some knowledge of self and do for self Yo man, brothers ain't tryin to check it out ... you know what I'm sayin? Crack, crack them skulls, man [ Subroc ] I see some so crazy deaths Men, from head to toe they're full of lead I flipped a brick, nah, I build a fort instead So I taught children 'fore I flipped Cause in actuality my man's mentality was stripped I dipped back to the roots, I am a king with ranks Cream in the coffee, clay thing - no thanks Why play the role like all silly teens? I'm the black bowling ball knockin pins to smithereens Each teach in every town, relate that The God Squad is like Homey the Clown, we don't play that Coon, jiggaboo, Uncle Toms in the mix Give me a (woof!) in reverse, Psalms 82 and 6 "All gods, and children of the Most High" Cave-guys still fry in the sun, don't deny I got a third eye sight vibe that don't lie I am the lion, goodnight, defyin evil's the bull's eye [ Sadat X ] It's like this... (and my word is bond) This is a modern type of style, look at what I did A devil still can't build a pyramid I dug a tunnel to Asia, wrote a speech with a laser Rush your brain with a new genetic strain The god in god's clothing, and the devil's loathing Got enemies, but I really don't give a damn I smacked a man cause he tried to serve a plate of ham Disguised in a patty, my uncle Trevor's natty dread He got a ( ? ), used to be a foot fet' The city ( ? ) and I forgot to mention That I'm the word buff, yes, enough is enough Zig-zag-zig, watch the blackman get big and burst The blackman is first I drive a black hearse and I bury all the devils With K.M.D. I can raise up my levels (The nitty gritty) (The nitty gritty) (The nitty gritty) (The nitty gritty) (The nitty gritty, and my) (The nitty gritty, and my) (The nitty gritty, and my word is bond) (The nitty gritty) (The nitty gritty and my) (The nitty gritty) (The nitty gritty and my) (The nitty gritty) (The nitty gritty and my) (The nitty gritty, and my word is bond) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Kool Keith f/ Sadat X Album: Black Elvis/Lost in Space Song: Static Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Kool]	Yo Sadat whassup? [S.X.]	Yo I'm right here [Kool]	I got these two girls 	They ready to roll up the highway with me [S.X.]	Oh really? [Kool]	I'ma get a little bit of gas 	Think you can make that trip or what? [S.X.]	Yeah I definitely can, you know that's a fact 	Of course [Kool]	Alright I'll be back in a few minutes 	I'ma go back to the gas station and get some gas and fuel up [S.X.]	Alright I'ma get some ? and all that Chorus: Kool Keith, Sadat X [Keith]	Static we bring trouble to your right side [Sadat]	Hey as I think to myself what a wonderful world [Keith]	Static we bring trouble to your right side [Sadat]	Hey Keith I just met this chick, why am I arguin with this girl? [Keith]	Static we bring trouble to your right side [Sadat]	Man we here we just livin positive [Keith]	Static we bring trouble to your right side [Sadat]	Hey we givin it all, and that's all we got to give [Kool Keith] Bumpin systems, rollin down the street in Detroit, Michigan I switch again, bucket seats with my girlfriend Wearin Paco in a Bronco, cologne is Pronto Movin quickly like the Lone Ranger, X is Tonto Back up the turnpike, Oldsmobile's roll with two pipes 440 engine blowin wind, through our hair extension Two bags of six packs, with .38's, wrapped in gift packs Big attitude she's on the two train, I roll like Mad Max Keep it simple baby young girl, now squeeze yo' pimple How dare you walk around ignore the First National Bank My name is unknown, ? die my family call me Hank I go way back, like you still shop at Alexando's Buy your sandals for your little son, named Romandos Watch your step Theresa, chew up on your slice at Easter [Sadat X] Can you surround me in the black tan My living room, trips to Cancun, with these - eighty ladies The Jefferson's to the Brady, Sanford and the Son I want the whole world and my old girl back She left me for the postman, now she send me letters I got a bottle of Grand Monet, drinkin in the stairway With the wizard Kool Keith, and I'm SPORTIN my rhymes Funeral chimes signal the beginnin of the end Cowboy with more in, with my private dancin chicks They live way out in the sticks, but I put em in the mix (uh-huh) Took em to Reno in an old Camino, gamblin in a casino The movie's Al Pacino Chorus [Kool Keith] Got my check cashed, you posin new, stop actin girl, like a fool Got the Benz on loan, Sadat rollin by your school You brought your frontin friend Gwen, beggin for the Benjamin I'll see you a ten, with a haircut, like Scottie Pippen My man Mark riffin in the backseat, my cousin Clifton You get me pissed and wearin big gloves like Sonny Liston Leon Spinks with afro on, ready to rob the Brinks I see you got your thongs out, Daisy Dukes and buns out You call me when you broken hearted, when your money runs out Back from the ?, you did it girl the blind way Hold your horses, and evil forces Don't press star for Pathmark, I'll be home after dark I'm tired of Pop Tart [Sadat X] Yeah I'm touchin Gwen with the butt love, the rubber glove I'm touchin that ass she swingin her hair, claimin she's an actress But wasn't she that same chick I seen with the black dress? Traded the ninety-eight for the sixty-eight Mustang Me and Keith at the bar, do they know who we are? Apparently, because all the drinks are free It's "Our house, in the middle of our street" And when you come in here you better wipe your feet I'm from Alburqueque, New Mex' to the great state of Texas I rode across on a gray horse, ?? Get to the sauce and add spaghetti, non-pork (what?) I'ma own New York, with a big spots of the BX and German outposts, with the communists close (no doubt) I'm verbose, I host, the most, y'all should roast me People watch closely and rewind me on the tape Study this here, then look and listen Take a step back and watch the black pearl glisten Chorus The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Kurious f/ Mike G, Sadat X Album: I'm Kurious 12" Song: Mansion and a Yacht Typed by: scott_rodkey@hotmail.com [Sadat X] Yeah, check this out, y'all, Sadat X, Mike G, Kurious Jorge and the whole squad up in here, what? Listen, listen I'm a do this right here for my main man Jorge Said bring some old school, so I brought some leather Docs Sadat X here, from the 120 blocks In Harlem, uptown breeds stardom [Mike G] Mike G, JB's, puff the L, get ??? up the honey gets tuned up Because the Jimmy had the dream to write the rhyme Rip the beat up, that uptown shit will make you ampede up, yo yo [Kurious] Yo yo, get with this shit, it's the hit to make you fumble Just a Nubian Constipated Monkey in the Jungle Humble rap, peep the thermostat, shit be hot Kurious the magician got a mansion and a yacht 	We came to rock it, don't stop it 	Because the party has begun 	So come on females get on the dance floor 	And the fellas have some fun [Kurious] Ah check it out, my dimetion's esquisite, I invite you to visit Is it the shit that I be doing, brewing in your crew with my rhyme blizzard Hit you in the head can't stop it Dropping jewels like a thief with a hole in his pocket [Mike G] No doubt remedies antidotes cutthroats choke >From her be hands hitting your throat, don't front check your coat We came to have a ball, Sadat X on point Mick make your call [Sadat X] It's like water clear flows, the group that I take Can't be taken by a softball heads and low cuts >From the prime stock ??? around the block Rarely weed smoking, never catch the pocket dred Mine be line with the thing for the head, it's like that, yo 	We don't wanna be left behind 	All we wanna do is just blow your mind 	We don't wanna be left behind 	All we wanna do is just blow your mind 	Just one more time [Sadat X] Here we go like this, check it It's getting late and I'm a burst I gotta get uptown to my own compound Give a call to my lady, heat up the dinner Hey Jorge you know how we do, I'm a see you in a few Mike G, my man, it was great Peace to New York State, and hard working New Yorkers Step on the trash talkers slid on a pair of British Walkers Sadat X I got the fright of pride My shit is hot, kid think not? >From Melrose to Patterson, Lexington to Madison Mecca on 8, the 45th on the corner All getting props, the kid with black Nike high tops The veteran of the 4 train strain I like to rhyme but the ??? in the rain [Mike G] Come on, taste it don't waste it It's gonna catch it, just face it New York connect make you do a head check But now go and get pet Because the crowd is select K. Jorge Made out the touch tone, mad sessions was done, bones Hypertone, blown headphones it feels good The flow's endless, torturous, feel full bless I hold my firece, K. Jorge rip the mic Til the beat is dismissed like that y'all [Kurious] Well I was walking through the jungle with a stick in my hand And if bland is how it stands right according to plan We be getting iller, Manilla, now we provide the thriller Watch a Constipated Monkey pound his chest like a gorilla Nowadays people praise be bugging Think I got mad loot, it's sad, I'm glad, fuck what you think I'm cute, whatever, but if you was clever You'd know I'm broker than the brokest and I'm uglier than ever Precise like ice, I slid in cool Big Cotta, Lord Sear, Prince from Powerule Highly pleasurable, like having sex I'm cracking Becks with Mike G, playing Madam with X "Don't stop rocking to the rhythm cause I get down" (Repeat til fade) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lord Finesse w/ Sadat X, Extra P, Grand Puba Album: The Awakening Song: Actual Facts Typed by: OHHLA.com (Sadat X) When you say the name X, think synonymous wit fame Only draw love off the mention of my name I got a rhyme or two left then I'm a blend to the side Go out on top like Jim Brown at his peak, I get wreck like ery week Get my freak on, who dares to speak on My armed forces recon, penatrating like decon Guerilla tactics, stage theatrics He's laying on the mattress  I'm hiking up the black dress Finesse called on me to bless I pulled the S off my varsity sweater, fine tuned to the letter So let's make these stacks and max, relax, be waxed The tracks receive faxs wit my picture in a cowboy hat Now top that, yo, kid, top that Kid got blown away at exactly where you're sitting Just the other day but nobody's admitting To the crime, I'm a MC not a MD The best in history or maybe one of the top 3 Says myself, no diggedy (Large Professor) I be synonymous to king, fling niggaz to the mat Like an acrobat, flipping the mental ass whipping is served when I un-nerved another wack Jack imposter Trying to fraud, you gots to get the fuk down wit the Lord Finesse, whether you think you're pimp status or the best Mad crazy or stupid, find a hot beat and loop it For what it's worth, I've been a hip-hopper from birth Try to disrespect and get your ass played up like a smurf I'm running over the track, type of nigga to stack One million, hit my moms, then fuk it, make a trillion To start, showing the world who's the man wit the heart That's about to blast off on these kids that's mad soft Don't fuk wit Large Professor or you get your ass mauled So ah, say no more, them niggaz that's the raw Large Profess, Lord Finesse and Dat X for the tour Grand Puba, who's probably coming back from Aruba Wit the skill to buildI'm saying peace, you niggaz, chill (Grand Puba) Dig it, I be that nigga wit the creamy ass rhyme flow My shit's so hot, I'll burn the ass of an Eskimo I'm saying though, it be the Grand flipping flam Giving love to my fans and you know this man My composition leaves competition wishing They could be in my postition cuz I did it wit no ass kissing I'll be there like Michael Jackson and you don't stop Until you get enuff and I'll be damn if my nose drop I speak Actual facts on how I feel Don't worry baby, wit Puba, there's no waiting just to exhale I bag dimes like Jada, step through playa haters Keep niggaz moving like a fuking escalator Because it's poetry in motion Pube keep it smooth like lotion, keeping MC's lost like Billy Ocean Dig what I'm sayingI be a buck 85 on the weigh-in (Lord Finesse) It goes dip dip diving, check who you sizing It's the wize civilizing, pockets stll rising When I drop it, i'm futuristic like Fiber Optic Didn't buy my album, you played yourself, should of copped it Nuthin could beat my elite rhymes throwing your hands kid That better be a peace sign You don't want it, that's my steelo, how we on it When we do our thing, niggaz spread the word like informants But still advancing, skills enhancing We got up on a shooken offbeat like white people dancing We're too bugged, true thugs Quick to get in that ass in ways that homo's wouldn't approve of I'm not yapping, just rapping Don't care if you're gold or platinum, don't think it can't happen Whether wit a beat or acapella, it's the mic Rockafella Strictly out for the mozarella Fuk guns and toolies, we don't betray movies It's yours truely that's smoothly, still sounds groovy You can't do me or dis me, don't try to get wit me My style is tricky like spelling Mississippi Strictly, come and get me, if you can flip me If this flow was whisley, I have you muthafukas tipsy The ghetto type playas that caters Famous to you spectators, the rhyme sayers, catch you later The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Marley Marl f/ Tragedy, King Tee, Grand Puba, Def Jef, Chubb Rock Album: Marley Marl In Control Volume 2 Song: Keep Control (Chorus) Keep control... (Tradegy the Intelligent Hoodlum) When I made arrest the president, America ate me Spoke the truth that the gov't hates me They labeled me a prejudice poet I'm speaking the truth as I know it I hold on but it's hard for me to handle Too much lies, corruption and scandal Cops want to kill a brother or two Who do you call when the gang wears blue I ain't going out like an Uncle Tom man My gun is loaded and I'm itching to pull the trigger I'm marking for death as a funky rhyme sayer Corruption flows from the cops to the mayor Mali troops will run through your resident In my hand will be the head of your president All you fess that made a check to throwdown Will rise up for a political showdown Chorus (King Tee) Yo, King Tee stepping in on a dark tip Open your eyes and your mind and get a grip Of the ropes and chains that kept us Since we were black they didn't want to except us But it's ok, I got my own plan 'Cause yo, I ain't down wit your program The natives cook, wash and clean And to the rubbers that throw in the scene M-A-N-D-E-L-A Now you got a chance to hear what he say Since they kept him locked up for so long 'Cause his skin was black and his mind was strong But we need to all stand together though And let the red, black and green show Become aware of yourself before it gets too late Another message from King Tee the great Chorus (Grand Puba) Yo bust it Hung wit the flip, got a ?dooby? wig Now she thinks she's all that shit, her man got zits Hon living lovely, Miss Gouchi Even got a Benz when she drives around wit all her friends Ugn, miss quick fast in a heedy Speedy, speedy, speedy, the bitch is greedy Spend so fast, she got caught wit 4 kids And the man caught a nice thick bitch Now the bitch is on skid Screaming how she hates her kids The move for the bitch is a thing quick and easy Think slick, she better get wit the wick 'Cause foul, foul, foul is your style You tried to run the race but you lost by a mile See it everyday, it's the same old sorry song How long must this go on Chorus (Def Jef) Power now or never, together forever And ever, sever make it endever To enlight your brother when I recommend to extend a hand Expand it then wish strength to fend Black women and men from the white power structure They stucked ya in, stoled your culture and fuked ya And you gave birth to a nation You freelabel laid America's economic foundation Blood, sweat and tears and fear for years But now here was a peer to give you shift in the gears The turn of the tables, knowledge and ables Us to escape the sterotype wit the labels And years of classroom fables, fiction Fallacies all sorts and fabrications ?For sarge? even fuss Star Spangled story, stigma and stunts Chorus (Chubb Rock) I know this 11 year old kid named Jeffery Cowen And knowing his father slowing And his mother is hoeing And now should he be growing He's too young to be sewing he should just chill and be flowing I know he was being malested and sold And his mom for being infected Never check it, so I invested My time and made sure little bro was looked at Pops got evicted, not a smack Pumped his fists and being that I'm a ?fugiless? The bum got done by the one And little Jeffery, no more tears left and drip Mixed wit seaman on his lip, emotional trip It confuses and bent ill thoughts In the soul of the youngster Is daddy a monster That raw creates lip songs and heartache pain Drys and open your eyes for the insane Chorus The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: MC Lyte f/ Grand Puba Album: Eyes on This Song: I Am the Lyte Typed by: jostmatt@bluewin.ch 	I am the Lyte	(repeated) [ VERSE 1 ] Examine the style used in this sequence The rhyme's the clue, the record's evidence To the fact that I'm hypin this episode Cold carryin the extra wide load The beat is fat and the rhyme is thick All over the town you hear the sound and pick Me, the L the y the t the e Me, and if you see the Rock, I'm sure you'll see Me (Hey Lyte, what will you be doin?) Kickin it, bashin down competition And when I drop the bomb, you'll listen Boom! Now that I've got your attention I'm slammin what you wanna hear I just thought that I should mention '89 is the Lyte year Now's the time to roll like a rhinoceros Step to Lyte, that's preposterous I'm heavyweight, though I'm lightweight My looks the hook, my rhymes the bait And when I throw the line you proceed to take The goody, the treat that I hand you That you couldn't refuse Damn, I cram to understand you Your love is to Lyte to lose [ VERSE 2 ] I think you deserve this, you waited long enough For a rhyme that's super-duper extra tough Every human is lurkin and loomin Puba on the beat and you know the shit is boomin Tasty like pastry, fresh from the bakery First Priority, that's the way it has to be Feel the drum, I bet it makes your body numb One for all, and all for one I bet you come Hurry, hurry, step right up and see the show MC Lyte and K-Rock are about to throw Get on line and purchase your ticket (Hey, don't worry) Lyte is gonna kick it (Go on, be happy) I put you up on the scoop Now come and watch the party hoop [ VERSE 3 ] I am the Lyte, and it is time for me to go You wanna beef, save that shit for the toilet bowl I use styles, styles and much many styles I leave smiles, smiles and much many smiles On the people who come to see the Lyte perform (Word is bond) The rhyme will kick as the brain will tick You can tell because the record'll sell Old styles and new styles formatted together Bold or dull, so it doesn't matter whether Which comes first or vice-a versa It won't make a difference, as long as you rehearse-a Get it down pat, and come right and exact MC Lyte is comin right and I'ma say goodnight [ Grand Puba Maxwell ] Yeah MC Lyte in effect for '89 One time to wreck that mind, boy Yeah Ah Pump, pump, pump it up Yeah Sure nuff MC Milk Warlord of the mixboard In effect Sure shot Yeah Pump (pump) (pump).. Mh-hm The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Missy Elliott f/ Mary J. Blige, Grand Puba Album: The Cookbook Song: My Struggles Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Grand Puba] Yeah, Missy Elliott, Grand Puba [Missy Elliott] Y'all don't really know who I am, God damn I'm like grease in the frying pan cause I am bacon, eggs, toast, butter Smooth sexy lover more FRESH than {?} Go ask your brother if y'all don't believe I control the industry cause Missy in the lead {*scratching*} Uhh, I'm talkin to you man With my upper hand, the fans call me Dapper Dan When I was young my pops, throw rocks Always shit talk to my moms and call the cops Couldn't wait 'til I was nice and grown Sick of daddy mouth 'til six in the morn' On and on and on 'til the record scratch And if I made a few scraps I would never come back (YES!) Take moms with me and a few ADAT's And make a song about dad and tell pops he's a rat (YES!) Oah-KAYYYYY! [scratched] hold up [Chorus 2X: Missy Elliott] Y'all don't really know my life Y'all don't really know my struggles and how much liquor I guzzle (YES!) Y'all don't really know my fears And how many years to get here but I'm ready to rumble [Grand Puba] Yeah, I be that throwback cat, I throwback 'gnac I spit hot raps, then I check my traps Pockets stop the bulk, green up like the Hulk Ram up in somethin like that nigga Marshall Faulk I'm a low key nigga, a O.G. nigga Entertain my guests in "The Basement" like Tigger Grand Puba and the name ring bells And if it ain't about paper I don't waste my sells So the new school new school need to learn yo I burn baby burn like a Hunt's Pointe ho [Missy Elliott] Yo yo Puba, hold up Let's take 'em back on some "411" shit MA-RYYYY! {*beat changes*} [Mary J. Blige] I'm Mary J. Blige, for a fact I don't rap I'm known around the map to always make a comeback I went through some struggles fightin with my ex-lovers Stayed in lots of trouble, blessings then I had recovered Had to pay them bills, the places I lived Messin with them cats that's said to get I had to give I had to tell them back up cause I was quick to smack 'em up I didn't give a WHAT, Mary J. would act up [Chorus: Missy] + (Mary) Y'all don't really know my struggles (I had two or three jobs I had to juggle) And all them liquor shots from the pain I covered (Strugglin from the break-ups with my lover) (Y'all don't know the half) Don't know the half (I'm better off now that was in the past) I had to take the good stuff with the bad Now I'm (thankful for the little things that I have) [scratched] I'm Mary J. Blige, for a fact I don't rap [scratched] Grand Puba, and the name ring bells [scratched] I'm Mary J. Blige, for a fact I don't rap [scratched] Grand Puba, and the name ring bells The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nas f/ Ken Staton, Sadat X, Q-Tip (A Tribe Called Quest) Album: From Illmatic to Stillmatic - The Remixes Song: One Love (L.G. Main Mix) Typed by: dy_face@yahoo.com [Opening Skit: Ken Staton, Sadat X, Q-Tip] [-] Word is bond! you got six millions on that jack hero, this shit is real [+] Aiyyo aiyyo aiyyo, aiyyo check this shit out, man [-] Aiyyo God, give me a cigarette man! [+] Yo! here you go, here you go, here you go, Come On!! [-] Check it out man, check out what I got here, man [+] You know I got to check this, what is that?! [-] Yo, this some letter I've got from my man Nas, man ~ Word is Bond! [+] What it said, kid?! [Verse One: Nas] What up kid? I know shit is rough doing your bid When the cops came, you shouldn't slid into my crib Fuck it black, no time for looking back, it's done Plus congratulations, you know you got a son I heard he looks like you, why don't your lady write you? Told her she should visit, that's when she got hyper Flipping, talking about he acts too rough He didn't listen, he be riffing, while I'm telling him stuff I was like yeah, Shorty don't care, she a snake too Fucking with the niggaz from that fake crew that hate you But yo, guess who got shot in the dome-piece? Jerrome's niece, on her way home from Jones Beach It's bugged, plus little Rob is selling drugs on the dime Hanging out with young thugs that all carry Nines And night time there's more tripe than ever What up with Cormega, did you see him, are y'all together? If so then hold the fort down, represent to the fullest Say What's Up to Herb, Ice and Bullet I left a half a hundred in your commissary You was my nigga when push came to shove [Chorus: X2] [Q-Tip] One what? [Nas:-] One Love [Ken-S] One Love, One Love [Q-Tip] One Love, One Love [Ken-S] One Love, One Love [Q-Tip] One Love, One Love [Ken-S] One Love means keeping it Real [Verse Two: Nas] Dear Born, you'll be out soon, stay strong Out in New York, the same shit is going on The crack-heads stalking, loud-mouths is talking Hold, check out the story yesterday when I was walking The nigga you shot last year tried to appear like he hurting something Word to mother, I heard him fronting And he be pumping on your block, your man gave him your glock And now they run together, what up son, whatever Since I'm on the streets, I'ma put it to a cease But I heard you blew a nigga with an ox for the phone piece Wilding on the Island, but now with Elmira Better chill cause them niggaz will put that ass on fire Last time you wrote, you said they tried you in the showers But maintain when you come home the corner's ours On the reels, all these crab niggaz know the deal When we start the revolution all they probably do is squeal But chill, see you on the next V-I I gave your mom Dukes loot for kicks, plus sent you flicks Your brother's buckwilding in Four Maine he wrote me He might beat his case, 'til he come home I play it low key So stay civilized, time flies, though incarcerated your mind dies I hate it when your moms cries It kinda makes me wanna murder, for real-a I've even got a mask and gloves to bust slugs for one love [Chorus: X2] [Ken-S] One Love, One Love [Q-Tip] One Love, One Love [Ken-S] One Love, One Love [Q-Tip] One Love, One Love [Ken-S] One Love means keeping it Real [Verse Three: Nas] Sometimes I sit back with a Buddha sack Mind's in another world, thinking how can we exist through the facts Written in school text books, bibles, et cetera Fuck a school lecture, the lies get me vexed-er So I be ghost from my projects I take my pen and pad for the week and hitting L's while I'm sleeping A two day stay, you may say I need the time alone To relax my dome, no phone, left the Nine at home You see the streets have me stressed something terrible Fucking with the corners, have a nigga up in Bellevue Or H.D.M., hit with numbers from 8 to 10 A future in a maximum State Pen is grim So I comes back home, nobody's out but shorty doo-wop Rolling two phillies together in the Bridge we called them Oowops He said, "Nas, niggaz could be busting off the roof So I wear a bullet proof and pack a black treys-deuce" He inhaled so deep, shut his eyes like he was sleep Started coughing, one eye peeked to watch me speak I sat back like the mack, my army suit was black We was chilling on these bitches where he pumped his loose cracks I took an L when he passed it, this little bastard Keeps me blasted, he starts talking mad shit I had to school him, told him don't let niggaz fool him Cause when the pistol blows the ones that's murdered be the cool one Tough luck when niggaz are struck, families fucked up Could've caught your man, but didn't look when you bucked up Mistakes happen, so take heed never bust up At the crowd catch him solo, make the right man bleed Shorty's laugh was cold blooded as he spoke so foul Only twelve trying to tell me that he liked my style Then I rose, wiping the blunts ash from my clothes Then froze, only to blow the herb smoke through my nose And told my little man that I'm a go Cyprose There's some jewels in the skull that he can sell if he chose Words of wisdom from Nas try to rise up above Keep an eye out for jake Shorty, what one love [Chorus: X2] [Ken-S] One Love, One Love [Q-Tip] One Love, One Love [Ken-S] One Love, One Love [Q-Tip] One Love, One Love [Outro: Ken Staton] Uhhhh.. One Love means keeping it Real All of the brothers that left up down, keep that One love For the brothers out in the East, keep that One love For all the brothers Uptown, keep that One love For all the brothers in jail, keep that One love One Love means keeping it Real! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Notorious B.I.G. f/ Sadat X Album: Born Again Song: Come On Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Notorious B.I.G.] Nigga was motherfuckin HYPED UP Nigga just grabbed the nigga, snuffed the nigga and it was on from there The motherfucker there wasn't nuttin stoppin him 	(What what did the rest of his niggaz do?) Man the motherfuckers was just ready for anything Them niggaz was packin burners Them niggaz was ready to fight whatever we had to do holmes Niggaz was on the real flipout holmes It was just comin out like a motherfucker The nigga amped be like COME ON, COME ON MOTHERFUCKER!! Chorus: repeat 8X Come on motherfuckers, come on [samples play over second half of chorus] "Man what you fuck doin over here?" 	"Are you awake now?" "Hell yah I'm awake man;  now tell me what the fuck is goin on here" 	"Looks like the competition stopped by 	to pay us a little visit, and check us out" [Sadat X] Let's go deep into the phrase, beautiful sunrays off the baldhead, everything is real Biggie me put on this joint so I'ma be the big wheel Watch it Slim, hey Dad, place yo' bet on seven Peace to one-oh-six, one-oh-eight, one-to-the-hundred-eleventh Hey Biggie, I understand you're from Brooklyn with 22's in your shoes, yo keep the shank ready [Notorious B.I.G.] Uhhh well, why not blow up the spot with Sadat Release the BRAINSTORM, to make your motherfuckin BRAIN WARM A strange form, somethin kind of lyrical Biggie the bastard, Sadat's kind of spiritual Well "In God We Trust", guns I bust Got that disgustin, sewer style dumpin and that uhh {*singin*} do you knowwwwww, where you're goin to Do you like the things that I bring? {*rappin*} Make an emcee wanna sing for a livin Take the beatdown we fuckin givin, c'mon motherfucker Chorus [Sadat X] What? Niggaz want drama, puttin work on my block when I told y'all last week, that shit was too hot Sellin pieces and treys, cuts my dimes Somebody gon' get paid, somebody block get sprayed Reaction is delayed as y'all run down the block Caught one in your chest, your breath come in spurts Hey yo Biggie tell these niggaz I'ma hit em where it hurts The big city it don't spare no bodies Call me papichulo, to all the spanish mamis I'm about ten blunts down, drank three or fo' stouts Seen five fat asses, passed this bitch with glasses Hey yo money that's yo' stock, yo Bigs pass the glock I'ma tell him it can happen, don't play me with that rap shit Life is real, so Biggie take the steel Chorus [Notorious B.I.G.] Uhh I got seven Mac-11's, about eight, .38's Nine 9's, ten Mac-10's, the shits never end You can't touch my riches Even if you had MC Hammer and them 357 bitches Biggie Smalls, the millionaire, the mansion, the yacht The two weed spots, the two hot glocks HAH, that's how I got the weed spot I shot dread in the head, took the bread and the landspread Lil' Gotti got the shotty to your body So don't resist, or you might miss Christmas I tote guns, I make number runs I give emcees the runs drippin; when I throw my clip in the A.K., I slay from far away Everybody hit the D-E-C-K My slow flows remarkable Peace to Matteo Now we smoke weed like Tony Montana sniff the llello That's crazy blunts, mad L's My voice excels from the avenue to jailcells Oh my God I'm droppin shit like a pigeon I hope you're listenin, smackin babies at they christening So you better grab your pistol cause if you sit still, I'm gonna make your fuckin shit spill And I'm talkin bout buckets, why did I have to do it? Sadat said fuck it, you got a gun, nigga bust it Cause I got mo' shots to pop-ya Big Pop-pa, breakin you off somethin proper Signin off is the hardcore rap singer a.k.a. crack slinger, bring it anytime nigga Chorus The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Originoo Gunn Clapperz f/ Sadat X, Sean Black Album: Da Storm Song: Wild Cowboys In Bucktown Typed by: 6334@verona.k12.wi.us Intro: Yes, who's that? Boo-ya who's that in the place to be Sadat X reppin' with the O.G.C. (gun clappaz) For my peoples throughout the PJ's got my man Black reppin' from back in the day X files and you know the storm Homies loc now it's on so you've been warned Dru Ha where you at? (yeah yeah) O.G. Where you at? Hurricane Starange: Now who's the bearer of bad news on crews When I drop the jewels on fools they say "Who?" Give me my props before I quickly pass the Tek to Steele Niggas want record deals without even having skills (Yo it's ill) How Headz still Ain't Ready Down with the Fab 5 without the Freddy But deadly perfect ready to wreck any Bootcamps the best host from east to west coast Far from fool make moves like spies in trench coats Sadat X: Like this like that, I'm tired of all y'all crab ass rappers Bucktown home of the Original Gunn Clappaz Use to be on ocean by the street empire See my man Buckshot on Bushwick day back in 9th On the uptown blocks of Harlem is where you'll find me Louievill Slug the piece with the Top Dawg Strangle that ass raise the Ruck down the block or Leflaur Leflah if you prefer Sean Black: Straight Bootcamp cowboys in Duckdown Soldiers heads creep while y'all bop to the boogie Sound bwoy come uptown to mic check Keep it moving sound tight so we moving in the night Remenis me and Starange Lemonhead takin' dope cause I was broke And they heads was wet Now Islam on these tracks fuckin' slangin' on them cracks A-yo dun dun hold me down on the run Hook: Sadat X: A-yo he asked for it his man saw it So it don't mean jack to me  (x2)  (Cowboy status) Top Dawg: So much unfairness in this game it's making me hear unclear But making me more aware for when y'all niggas come here The bottles on and you a gun fool for years O.G.C. blowin' the spot with Sadat King of the wild places you better know where you at With your loud piece talkin' shut you mouth or keep walkin' Sadat X: In the BK Lin stands the Bootcamp base On the uptown blocks is where the comboys face To stay alive show drimve and arrive with the five Somebody said it's war I got a boatload of niggas Niggas from Uptown and Brooklyn original gun triggers Clap off strap off make you baby blood wear They always say it's calm before the big storm Louieville: Runnin' rampade through crews it's thee Originoo Gunn Clapp 2 L-O-U-I-E here to bet you, no haps dude Back up like gas we pass my tongue lash Upon you wack math no mass well too bad for you 3-2-1 nigga never knew ya, straight to the death Dug Out Ville Sluggah, ha I crack ass  To make crews look like "Who's that." Fantastic like Boombastic Sluggah let you have it This Brownsville bastard get more tools then gadgets But keepin' a baseball bat in stash is how I manage Huh me no need and streets who carry sweeper Just combine minds and set traps to catch the creeper Hook Starange: So who' that with crew phat just like Menate Large when I uncharge at all the places that I been at Now I take 10 at a time when I rhyme Big up East 105th with mad black and dime I'm the eight black smoker gert neck choker Mack by the crotch make police watch me like Oprah Top Dawg: Here we come flee 3 guns on the run Brothers best to make way or you'll get done up by the Louie To thee wack cats I screw he  Ask if them niggas ain't up apon their juicys Louieville: Sittin' in my room buildin' with the most high He game me some advice and said I was sure to share So yo listen up we on our own you have to hide your chrome Cause when your pops come home he be Lookin' for more then a bust, in God we trust  He must of been talkin' about us Hook Sadat X: It't the Great X I send off to Endor On the other side of midnight engineer get the mid right With my man Sean Bliggity this beat right here is meant to be The Brooklyn Uptown united I tore down off a pint of this Here a-yo O.G. don't stop shit Yo hold the dills we keep shit real Hook (x4) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page   Warning : include(/home/ohhla/www/anonymous//clsmooth/mecca/skins.cls.txt) [ function.include ]: failed to open stream: No such file or directory in /home/ohhla/public_html/files/lyrics.php on line 67   Warning : include() [ function.include ]: Failed opening '/home/ohhla/www/anonymous//clsmooth/mecca/skins.cls.txt' for inclusion (include_path='.:/usr/lib/php:/usr/local/lib/php') in /home/ohhla/public_html/files/lyrics.php on line 67 The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Prince Paul f/ Kid Creole, Sadat X, Xzibit Album: A Prince Among Thieves Song: Handle Your Time Typed by: Nature2QBC@aol.com [Convict 2/Sadat X] Oh my goodness! Look what they sendin through nowadays Ah, it's a light-weight And he got a smirk on his face like it's all of that Yeah, well we gone see what it is [Convict 1/Xzibit] What you in for, everything under the sun Recently, got me first degree wit a hot gun That's my third strike, so Xzibit can't go home Fight to see Daylight like Sylvester Stallone Don't ask too many questions nigga, keep that on the d-low My family might mistake you for an undercover C-O Last one that tried didn't make it past bookin Five times in the neck when everybody was lookin [Convict 2/Sadat X] You see the judge, but he don't budge That's you're third felony, I believe strike three Remanded and stranded, to the cold steel granite Lost to the world, your moms and your girl Keep your weight up, or your ass get ate up Cats is stickin, straight up Wit the shank, get more time in the tank Ask Hank, he bout to bank, killed a cop wit high rank They gave him life and now another cat is fuckin his wife [Convict 1/Xzibit] Just because I'm locked down don't mean the hustlin stop Her-oine and beer joints twenty dollars a pop You a new recruit, so today I'm lettin you slide But tomorrow you'll be confronted wit the two's in the side If you a smart mothafucker, you'll be fallin wit mine Behind bars, no bitches and cars, we only got time We're I'm from, time is money and got neither to waste Once in a while catch a Cannanite in the wrong place BEAT HIM DOWN, break the strongest hand, piss in his face Strike fear, play the rear, 'fore he catchin a case Low-class, got a dozen free visitors pass Plus the female C-Order wanna give me some ass Chorus [Sadat X] 2x This is your new home boss, where you survive at all costs And if you don't, well it's only your loss You're only here cuz you tried to force and be the boss, ha Handle your time like a man yo [Convict 1/Xzibit] So it's my twenty-third birthday, drinkin brew-no You know no matter what it take, we gotta celebrate Fuck stayin straight, hair braided by this Muslim cat Regulate the whole yard, now we got the straps Niggas say "Who the fuck is that?" The X-Man, rowdy, gettin treated like the feds in the county Correctional facilities, basically you don't wanna fuck wit these Murders and felonies keep you company ("YEAH!") [Convict 3/Kid Creole] And yes y'all, come on in ("YEAH") All you brand new heffer, sissy, soft booty-ass shook niggas ("YEAH") Yeah bitch, welcom to central booking ("YEAH") A sleep-over for pimps, private hustlers ("YEAH"), drug slingers, and gun  clappers Even bitch-ass, shook-ass niggas ("YEAH") like y'all Get on your ?("YEAH"), get out the blood on your ?married character? Kitten-ass faces ("YEAH"), niggas about to beat you all down to the last stop  *echoes* [Convict 2/Sadat X] I'm all good, as I telephone my hood At first I was shook, tried to play by the book But you can't bid your time by stayin in the cell I'm gettin high everyday like I was still on the corner Where I'm in fat pink caps, New York to California Makin deals for mills, holdin cigarette lottos Givin cats pills, and tell em "Yo try those!" Niggas try to scheme but my team is tight We as shady as the night and bring fright to sight Hey you be aight, but don't act like a sucka Ain't you ain't got to be the wildest mothafucker Use control, put a cat in whole if he's broke And let em know, I just wanna serve my time and go And flow, lay low, try to grab some dough Aiyyo I ain't tryin to jail, somebody post my bail Chorus  [Convict 2/Sadat X] (Convict 3/Kid Creole) Yo man shhh, I need some new kicks man 	 (Oh what? Oh shut the fuck up!) Somebody got some at least some money man (Nigga what!)  Or something man, I ain't get no letters man  (You gone be my bitch tonight, what) Niggas forgettin about me man				 (I'll poke y'all, don't come on the island) Namsayin, supposed to be my crew			 (Don't be on the island when I get there) Can't even make collect phone calls     (Mothafucker, what ah um!) Tryin to jam my collect calls now      (You will be mines tonight mothafucker!) Nobody ain't home, nobody wanna write me (Mine you hear me!)  I ain't got nuttin to read, yaknamsayin		 (You'll be mine tonight mothafucker!) Ain't nobody put no money on my book		 (Don't fall asleep tonight bitch!) It's like I'm starvin in here This ain't no fun The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Prince Paul f/ Grand Puba, Sadat X Album: Handsome Boy Modeling School - So... How's Your Girl? Song: Once Again (Here to Kick One for You) Typed by: jcruelty1@yahoo.com Yeah... Uh huh, uh huh, uh huh, uh huh Grand Puba, Dattie X... dig it [Grand Puba] Get up out my way, it's Grand Pub's turn to shine Hood MC's ride the pine and get paid no nevermind One time as I sew it up like Dr. Frankenstein Chickens ride the pony cause the rhyme flow genuine As I do it like that, do it like this Shorty watch your step or you might get Rocked like Chris Are you feelin this? You dig the way it's going down? Now we back in town watch all the chickens crowd around Niggaz try to duplicate my flow but it's difficult Like a game of Yahtzee Chickens stress me out like paparazzi As I flip a flow you desire Dattie blaze those trees and let's start this forest fire My rhymes carry like the weight on Barry Stack cheddar like Combs and buy homes like Larry I be smoother than Tal, Sharp-ton like Al When you ballin everybody want to be your pal No dilly-dally, baggin up the shorter alley Bouncin in German cars, still playin shot-ball Brand Nubian cats, here to flip one for you For sure dog cause this is how we do Just an old fashioned love song, playin on the radio Brand Nubian cats, here to flip one for you (2x) [Sadat X] Ah shit, I see I'm in the mix Watch the green van cause inside's the dicks The prayer beads bleeds from the crucifix Went tight comin out boy I be down in six Or when the sun go down, or when it's round in the BX Cats on the concourse, still call me DX Bums on the street often ask me for change What's change when I'm tryin to save up for the Range? I want the whole world and my old girl back Change that -- I want half the world, and fuck my old girl You can play the hell out, like those that came before ya Your style is butt, similar to a cobra That's your pimp strut But what you foes is really doin Is leaving your empire in ruins I'm the problem solver I got the brand new revolver But I got a new album too I want to be here for that money and the rest of my crew Y'all know it too -- a nigga like me is due Just an old fashioned love song, playin on the radio Brand Nubian cats, here to flip one for you (2x) [Puba] Now you know I gots to come back strong See I been doing this too goddamned long For me to ever try to come back wrong Check my pockets and my empty light just came on Don't wanna do wrong so I think I'm best to make this song Undeniably satisfiably master microphone mutilator None greater, ain't no Automator Grand Puba and Dattie, riding shotty in the Mazarati As we come and blaze you niggaz body [Sadat] Corner poets get smacked and hit, savagely bit I go git and then you out of it, permission to quit I mean right, I keep the green light specials Half price a slice, you blink twice I done picked up the dice I'm that nice, Dattie X the party-starter Number one heart-ripper-aparter More vice and gambling than Las Vegas, Nevada I try harder every day It's all work and no play Just an old fashioned love song, playin on the radio Brand Nubian cats, here to flip one for you (2x) Artist: R.A. the Rugged Man f/ Sadat X Album: 50,000 Heads / Smithhaven Mall 12" Song: 50,000 Heads Typed by: grouchogave@libero.it "There's only 50,000 heads that are true to this The rest are clue-less to what real hip hop music is" (R.A. the Rugged Man sampled from "Every record label sucks dick") [Verse 1 - Sadat X] Now what I expect It' s spin a lost on some vile shit And the same rap jams is what slams on the radio Why I have to pay my wage to be played on 97 When I've been doin this shit on stage since I was 11? I be the underground king, the fighter, ??? And the promo dates, is what the black man hates Now to me I should been platinum  Or at least should gone gold, but I ain't So I got to keep my soldiers on the street, so we can eat Hey this program's directed at the radio who can't feel me ??? jam out shit, when I'm tryin' to be legit I am the legendary and I vary like the flavours from Ben & Jerry One foot is in the street, the other in the studios Sometimes I wake up late at night, and don't know which way to go Should I ???, or keep fightin public housin Or get my homeboys out of jail for tryin' to sell the skill Overfail on some own real rap shit I kick for niggas on stage that don't have shit R.A. what's the lesson for the day, Rugged Man? Should we ignore the scan that influence the record sales And we need money right here, motherfuckers, say what Chorus "There's only 50,000 heads that are true to this" (R.A.) "One foot is in the street, the other in the studios" (Sadat X) "There's only 50,000 heads that are true to this The rest are clue-less to what real hip hop music is" (R.A.) [Verse 2 - R.A. the Rugged Man] Hey, noh-how Now who these kids think they are? Don't sweat those kids They're tryin to ruin our careers When I've been doin this rap stuff for 10 years I can't remember any time that was worst They tried to treat me like Heavy D And said I couldn't curse Get hit up, get your head split up No matter Foxy Brown or Little Kim in bed up I can tell any freaky bitch to up leave the spot ??? The opposite of heaven is what we livin The ??? envious cats always be sweatin my position I'ma live life to the fullest till I die, is my religion We gon' beat down your whole cypher if your freestyle ain't hittin I could diss though or not work R.A. the Rugged, Sadat X  I'm top 5 lyrically, if you ain't listin me you dissin me 49 wins with no losses Heavyweights know who the boss is Disrespect, don't want to fight down with the causes (Hey, hey noh-how) I make this come back in '97 Y'all lyricists who hip hop is your ??? back in '97 Don't play me, I react violently now in '97 Ignorant minds best to speak silently now in '97 R.A. the Rugged Man, hated by everyone Yo, yo, that's why I'm here yo Yeah, we in here, we in here "There's only 50,000 heads that are true to this" (R.A.) "One foot is in the street, the other in the studios" (Sadat X) "There's only 50,000 heads that are true to this The rest are clue-less to what real hip hop music is" (R.A.) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist:Sean Price f/ Buckshot, Sadat X Album:Jesus Price Supastar Song:Da God Typed by:bud181@web.de [Intro: Sean P, Sadat X] [Sean P] Peace God [Sadat X] Peace peace peace... [Verse one: Sean P] Ayyo, who the fuck beatin' the God... peepin' the God? Groupie hoe from the show, wanna sleep with the God Wanna late-night creep with the God Wanna fuck all night 'til she tired, count sheep with the God She like: "Ruck, could you skeet in me, God? Hell no, hoe! You must think somethin' sweet with the God Don't try to get deep with the God Don't try to conversate 'n holdin' hands down the street with the God She thinkin' about leavin' the God I don't care, it's up to you to choose, bitch, even the ug's Even ma squad say: "She be deceivin' you, God She's the atheist, she ain't even believe in the Gods." "Fatal Attraction" bitch got heat for the God So I backsmack the left-side of the cheek on the broad Now, I done wrote a lotta goddamn rhymes But this time I must be outta my goddamned mind [Hook: Buckshot] The arm-leg-leg-arm-head  gone is your bread With no church we pardon the dead All praise to AKs 'n coffins, When God in the spot you see the devil often You scared? Go to church! You scared? Get a dog, nigga, this shit hurts! Pardon me God, get to speak to 'em Please show 'em the light, throw the heat to 'em! [Verse two: Sadat X] She say she wanna get with the God Then get slick 'n try to slit me, Lord You might think that I'm hard Give us free like "Amistad"! Now, these dudes tryna beat the God Like I ain't live up the block with a murderer squad Now, these dudes is supposedly hard But they ran to police when I pulled the rod The actions of my calalry - broad But I have 1 jail pass  one last card Who in the street with the God? Got a hundred grands, you can eat with the God Yes, there ain't nuthin' sweet with the God Gotta come a lil better, took a P with the God There is a evil to God 40 in ya face leaves your snore piece charred Dig out your pocket, snatch a lil award Give half to Price 'cause we peasant of God [Verse three: Sean P] I heard y'all niggaz bad speakin' to God Damn! That's fucked up, it wasn't like that last week with the God Y'all niggaz wanna clap heat at the God I ain't singin' shit  I'ma let the gat speak for the God If your shit fat then get on a track with the God, If your shit wack you can't get on a track with the God Fuck I look like? Y'all batch ass niggaz is the shook type Missy on the chorus, the song is wack with the hook type Now, I done wrote a lotta goddamn rhymes But this time I must be outta ma goddamned mind Everybody wanna rap like the God *pff* Go outta town 'n grab the pound 'n sell crack for the God You ain't gotta do that for the God All you gotta do is cop the L, peep the ??? crack for the God (Pee!) [Hook: Buckshot] The arm-leg-leg-arm-head  gone is your bread With no church we pardon the dead All praise to AKs 'n coffins, When God in the spot you see the devil often You scared? Go to church! You scared? Get a dog, nigga, this shit hurts! Pardon me God, get to speak to 'em Please show 'em the light, throw the heat to 'em! [Outro: scratchin'] "Everybody wanna... rap with the God" [Sean P] "Got... ta come a lil better, took a P with the God" [Sadat X] "Now, I done wrote a lotta goddamn rhymes But this time I must be outta my goddamned mind" [Sean P] "The God" [Sean P] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Shabazz the Disciple f/ Lord Jamar Album: The Book of Shabazz: The Hidden Scrollz Song: Street Parables Typed by: shabazz@shabazzthedisciple.com [Chorus - repeat 2X] Bear witness! as I exorcise my exorcism Casting out these devils living in this ghetto prison With heavy metal and ammunition, conditions are unbearable You're listening to street parables! [Verse One: Shabazz] In 97 a.d., due to economy we living 22 deuteronomy submitting to robbery buddha and sodomy playing a game of street poker with a royal flush a heart of lust, smoke inhalation from the burning bush ghetto jerusalem, the streets paved with gold but what profit a man if he shall lose his own soul hustling with jewelry like solomon in the crystal city eluding the angel on the pale horse with hell following sipping wine from a golden cup that runneth over inscribing ghetto scriptures, inspired by jehovah yay though I walk through the valley sober bearing witness to the 7 plagues, standing in the pit of cobras many disciples in my brigade who prayed, laid with jade the harlots womb bares a plague isaiah 3:16's, drowning in the heroin river judas a hitman for 30 pieces of silver the ghetto's the bible for the people of the spirit interpret the parables, he who has ears let him hear it the ghetto's the bible for the people of the spirit interpret the parables, he who has ears let him hear it [Verse Two: Lord Jamar] Forever valid being hunted by pontius pilate confronted by the romans, when I'm blunted I see bad omens gifts contained within a trojan horse we following a chosen coarse colossians 1:17, belief in one you never seen I be the true and living supreme, trapped in this prison of fiends what's written in the book of philippines prophesied by ibrahim black g-zus of nazarine, get ready for the second coming caesar's issuing a summons for my arrest convict me of a lesser charge, and sit me in the devil's nest persecution of the gods, we never rest a never ending battle against the pagans, who idolize the golden cattle we've been forsaken with lies, but now we making some strides way past ecclesiastes, me and the god shabazz be in the lab g, building on math scientifically watching them die in their iniquity [Verse Three: Shabazz] I get high off the most high, give masses a contact smoke herbs in bible paper, keep the cap on ya cognac I sip a fifth of juice and genesis, smoke a spliff of exodus then sniff a kilo of leviticus running a spot of numbers and buddha due to economy crime due to poverty, shoot up a dime of deuteronomy scramble with joshua, ghetto apostles packing epistles some were unsettled by their nostrils,  during the plague of crystal I stood before many judges in the courtroom they hold black grudges and use bails to extort you paroled like barabas, heist the finest fabrics ruthless thieves in the night who steal 6 days a week, then rest upon the sabbath I drop a jewel like 1st and 2nd samuel kings stalking through hell,  destined for treasures, I'ma do well my ghetto chronicles are visual and mathematical emphatical, when I speak in street parables The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Sway & King Tech f/ Sadat X, Xzibit Album: Wake Up Show Freestyles Vol. 4 Song: Sadat X & Xzibit Typed by: compbuttons@hotmail.com [Sadat X talking] I'ma set it off (Set it off, set it off) One two, one two, one two I'ma set it Like this y'all, it's like this y'all It's like this, check it out [Sadat X] A lot of kids out there might think that I'm strange But the wild cowboy never lived on no range The only prairie I seen was in a library And the last Indian I seen was headed towards Cleveland Believin' what you believe in, but stop the bullshit deceivin' When the OK Corral bell rings for the winner I flash back to 79 with Thelma drinkin' wine You could see that it was me even with that small screen Al Green had a major string of hits I wanna be like him in the fact that each one was a gem My man Mashburn is killin' em' in Dallas I seen him one day off that bullshit show Alice The wild cowboy is hard to resist Make the play get the assist, girlfriends hate genesis Me and Diamond D dug deeper in the crates We rhymin' for high rates, I did wild show dates My name is X, yo my name is X Worth more weight than gold Fresher than your baby who's a year old Step to war without ya armor Results in trama, mad drama, I'm the mad bomber Young girls stay away cause I'm dangerous I'm a grown man don't force my hand I'll twist that back cause I can, check it out Xzibit my man hit em' [Xzibit] I look you in ya grill and I laugh inside Niggas always perpetratin' like they down to ride Please don't try to tell me what I cannot see What's the real definition of a fake MC Mother f'ers only rappin' since 93 And expect all props, I'm gettin' dropped like hot rocks So stop what ya doin' cause I'm about to ruin Like Shock G, your turn to stone try to rock me I seperate my thought process from stress 24 tracks inside my brain, tryin' to maintain I bang without no gang or jehri curls Seem like ya team in a whole different world It's the girls, cars niggas lose themselves Forgettin' who they are when they tryin' to be a superstar You don't understand it's all in the game plan Exploit the art and watch hip-hop fall apart But I'ma do my part and stay true And keep breakin' down bitch niggas like you How much hate can only one man generate I cruch fakes and make they rhymes desintergrate Well worth the weight ain't no need for discussion All this grittin' and and frontin' But still don't see you doin' nothin' Xzibit scorchin' all rappers in my vicinity You know my identity, never sleepin' with the enemy So my niggas I suggest that you bowl If not you might get cut like Nicole I'm on some money unlike a foe Xzibit only twenty years old And turned to certified gold Believe me when I say I bring this, when I seen this Fiendish Old English, Hennessey, Tanqueray Type rap to take ya pain away I never stop until the other man drop And that's West Coast hip-hop Livin' in the bottom of the...livin' lessons you can't learn Wake Up Show lyrical sherm [Sadat X] One day when I was ridin' I seen these two kids talkin' About the lyrical rain that had fallen Didn't say nothin' cause these kids called my goat Even pulled my coat like a murder that they wrote So this kid with mouth swaggin' I plays the cloak and daggers So I got show deuced the sholock that I am I can rock a jam, make the world drive yam Oh yeah, it's Batman with bad men with black And if ya come to drop bombs ya ain't with that Now I can freak the flight flow, measure that Don't understan the ways I lay down the nnnn Don't learn about the style that was made from my mom and dad When I was young I used to run with a notepad Then time flew and some how I knew I was bad to the bone Check it out, now I'm the black prodigy Just the age of twenty I can write and rhyme rip it up and write the next one Write on the spot, sign my name with a dot Diamond D threw me something smooth, New York raw Sick of the wack jam, everybody hit the floor OK it's useless, I'm the hard rock of the pack Don't get near to the brothers Ya must be holdin' bust a slug in his chest His whole body is swollin' Why did I have to do it, he asked for it His man saw it so it don't mean jack to me He's gone and that's how it's supposed to be Hey yo check it out now Hey yo I ain't goin' out Yo that soft thing is dead Have ya heard what I said If not ask the dread, yo He gots the cannon that's bad And that's similar to the one that I got from my old dad Yo the wild cowboy and X to the Z Xzibit The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: A Tribe Called Quest feat. Diamond D, Lord Jamar and Sadat X Album: The Low End Theory Song: Show Business Typed by: OHHLA.com  Verse 1  [Q-Tip]  Let me tell you 'bout the snakes, the fakes, the lies  The highs at all of these industry shing-dings  Where you see the pretty girls  In the high animated world  Checkin' for a rapper with all the dough  If you take a shit they want to know  And if you're gonna fall, they won't be around, y'all  So you still wanna do the show business?  And you think that you got what it takes?  I mean you really gotta rap and be all that  And prepare yourself for the breaks  Check it out!  Do you wanna be in the business? (The Business)  The ups and downs with the hoes (The Business)  Always gettin' fronted on at shows (The Business)  People gotta stick their nose (In the Business)  Verse 2  [Q-Tip]  Yo, I gotta speak on the cesspool  It's the rap industry and it ain't that cool  Only if you're on stage or if you're speakin' to your people  Ain't no-one your equal  Especially on the industry side  Don't let the games just glide  Right through your fingers, you gotta know the deal  So Lord Jamar speak, because you're real...  [Lord Jamar]  They're givin' you the business and puttin' on a show  You're a million dollar man that ain't got no dough  But you got a ho tickets backstage to a show  Sedated and at that fact they elated  Time pass and your ass say "Where's my loot?"  The reply is a kick in the ass from a leg and a boot  All you wanna do is taste the fruit  But in the back they're makin' fruit juice  You ask for slack and wanna get cut loose from the label  Not able cos you signed at the table  For a pretty cash advance, now they got a song and dance  That you didn't recoup, more soup wit' ya meal?  Cos this is the real when you get a record deal  And I say...  [Phife]  Aw....shucks, look what the cat hauled in  It's Phife Dawg from A Tribe Called Quest, let me begin  Like Chuck D, I got so much trouble on my mind  'bout these no-talent artists gettin' signed, they can't rhyme  And if that ain't bad, you got bootleggers  Goin' out like suckers, motherfuckers  Feel it's time that I let loose the lion  And if not that then I'll commence to head flyin'  Seems in '91 everybody want a rhyme  And then you go and sell my tape for only $5.99?  Please nigga, I've worked too hard for this  No more will I take the booty end of the stick  Bogus brothers makin' albums when they know they can't hack it  Cos they lyrics is played like 8-Ball jackets  Now tell me I can't tear it up  Go get yourself some toilet paper cos your lyrics is butt  Do you wanna be in the business? (The Business)  People can't walk a straight line in (The Business)  Some of these brothers can't rhyme in (The Business)  A-yo, I'm tryna get mine (The Business)  Verse 3  [Sadat X]  The party scene is cool, but then again it's all the same  You see the same faces, but at different places  When you're up and ridin' high everything is palsy-palsy  Get a million pounds and all the skins give you hugs  Well that's cool, I can dig it, it really ain't my bag  Prefer to max on the side and let my pants sag  "Oh, he's a cutie", yeah, real cute  But I wasn't that cute when I didn't have no loot  Although I hit a pound of herbs I'm still nice with the verbs  So fuck what you heard  The born cipher, cipher master makes me think much faster  But critics still continue to plaster  My name and discredit my fame  All that shit is game  And I don't really give a damn  Eat from the tree of life and throw away the verbal ham  [Diamond D]  Well, excuse me, I gotta add my two cents in  Don't be alarmed, the rhyme was condensed in  A matter of minutes so it must be told  All that glitters' not gold  Everybody wants a deal, help me make a demo  See my name in bright lights, ride around in a limo  My moms keeps beefin' ("Boy, get a job")  But I wanna make jams, damn, I know I'll slam  Huh, well it's not that easy  You gotta get a label that's willin' and able  To market and promote, and you better hope  (For what?) That the product is dope  Take it from Diamond, it's like mountain climbin'  When it comes to rhymin' you gotta put your time in  Get a good lawyer so problems won't pile  You don't wanna make a pitch that's wild. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ugly Duckling f/ Grand Puba Album: The Leftovers EP Song: Something's Going Down Tonight Typed by: kill4747@hotmail.com [Grand Puba] + (Andy Cooper) + {Dizzy Dustin} [Andy + Dizzy] Yeah, Grand Puba (UD, yeah) Yeah, Andy Cat is ya with me Yeah, big Dizzy is ya with me Huh, huh, huh, huh Yeah, here we go (*Shit*) going down tonight [Tonight!] Come on yo, it's only right [Uh-huh!] This the jump off, shake ya ass off Huh, back off, we 'bout to blast off (It's ready to blow) {Getting outta control} (Like, Iron Mike when he's out on parole) {Something brand new} (To get them in the mood) [Yo Pub] {Tell the people who we're sending it to} This one goes to all of y'all Who thought Grand Puba was 'bout to fall Haters! Me fall, you out your mind You got a better shot getting some ass from a porcupine {We keep it movin like a Hula Hoop} (Cause Einstein brought a loop that's tighter than a scuba suit) [No dress code, no ID It's a house party so you get in free] [Chorus: Grand Puba] + (Andy Cooper) This the jump off, shake ya ass off (Something's going down tonight) This the jump off, shake ya ass off (With the groove to keep the crowd hype) This the jump off, shake ya ass off (Yeah, something's going down tonight) This the jump off, shake ya ass off (Back off and give us the mic, Einstein) Da dum dum, da dum dum, da dum dum, da da Da dum dum, da dum dum, da dum dum, da da Da dum dum, da dum dum, da dum dum, da da "If you like it, come on, get with it now." [Grand Puba] Burnin hot from the t-o-p Pops shot me and my moms just caught an STD Fake cats don't like me (Uh-huh) Cause I put it down real on the CD Like a nigga Spike Lee, hookin like Nike (Uh-huh) Golddiggers don't play with my paper cause they know I turn Ike T,  nice with the mic B If you lookin for one of the best in the world you're barkin up the right tree [Dizzy Dustin] I got moves like Tom Cruise in "Cocktail" Blaze on any stage, provin that I rock well From my lung to the tip of my tongue I exhale then excel when the record is spun [Andy Cooper] Showtime, I check the set list Then I rock the mic from right hand to left it's like I'm ambidextrous (Yeah!) Ready to get this crowd to react to the track And make 'em say (Come on back!) [Chorus: Grand Puba] + (Andy Cooper) This the jump off, shake ya ass off (Something's going down tonight) This the jump off, shake ya ass off (With the groove to keep the crowd hype) This the jump off, shake ya ass off (Yeah, something's going down tonight) This the jump off, shake ya ass off (Back off and give us the mic, Einstein) Da dum dum, da dum dum, da dum dum, da da Da dum dum, da dum dum, da dum dum, da da Da dum dum, da dum dum, da dum dum, da da [Grand Puba] + (Andy Cooper) + {Dizzy Dustin} [Andy + Dizzy] (The A side took you on a trip) {But this is for the flip, like your middle finger tip} (In flight, ready to strike like a meteorite) {What time is it going down tonight?} I'm gonna wait till the midnight hour Fo sho, I'm gonna do the damn thing Busta (*QUACK*) and take a shower, uh-huh We dealin with the wisdom power, huh {We rock and make the crowd get louder} Huh You know we too sweet to be sour (See you next time and we out like a prowler, shhh) Huh, yeah, huh huh, yeah, huh, yeah, huh huh Yeah, huh, yeah, huh huh, yeah, huh, yeah, huh huh Yeah, we gonna get it jumped off Grand Puba, Ugly Duckling 2K3, 2K4, still in the game, nigga That's what's up, that's what's really up Grand Puba style "If you like it, come on, get with it now." *Phone being dialed.* *Rings* Hello, you have reached the Meatshake corporation complaint line. After the tone, please detail your complaint and be sure to include the store location, date, and time that your incident occured. Thank you, and have a meaty good day. (*BEEP*) Yeah, I'd like to lodge a complaint. I recently visited your outlet in Long Beach and had a very unsatisfactory experience They insulted my wife, they called me all sorts of names like sissy, and, I just wanted you to know that I'll be eating at Veggie-Hut from now on! (*CLICK!*) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Uncle Murda f/ Jay-Z, Sadat X Album: He Asked For It 12" Song: He Asked For It (Fat Joe Diss) Typed by: Gemini_20502K@Yahoo.com, kirenamloh@msn.com [intro: Sadat X: sampled from "Punks Jump Up to Get Beat Down"] (Jay-Z) (*Uncle Murda) One day when I was ridin on the train I seen these two kids talkin About the (Roc-A-Fella) had fallen (YEAH!) One day when I was ridin on the train I seen these two kids talkin About the (Roc-A-Fella) had fallen (YEAH! Roc-A-Fella y'all!!!! OWWW!!!!) (*EAST NEW YORK!!!!) [Verse 1: Uncle Murda] Before Stack Bundles died he said I was the new version of Biggie B.I.G. tell Stacks he wasn't lyin I really get busy (You heard Diddy?!) I be listenin like damn I said that?! I should be a millionaire where the fuck is the bread at?! (Where the money?) Come on niggas come up to me and say You should have signed to 50 instead of signin with Jay (WORD!!!) Man I got six figures from Jay I'm straight You little groupie ass niggas get the fuck out my face!!! (UHHHHH!!!) Chris Lighty told me to tell y'all get off my dick I'm connected how y'all know I ain't fuckin with Fif?! (G-G-G-G-G) Hustlers holla at me like, whattup Murd? I heard you got it but you overchargin niggas for that work (I AM!!!) You get it for the low low but your prices is WOOO!!!!!! (It's about to be higher!!!!) I'm like yeah that's the motherfuckin TRUTH!!!! (But it's fire!!!) Shit you know where I gotta go to get it I be feelin like Frank Lucas before he started snitchin [Chorus: Sadat X] (DJ Scratching) He asked for it his man saw it so it don't mean shit to me He's gone, and that's how it supposed to be Check it out now! (I get away with mur-mur-murda!!!) He asked for it his man saw it so it don't mean shit to me He's gone, and that's how it supposed to be Check it out now! (I get away with mur-mur-murda!!!) [Verse 2: Jay-Z]  Let's do this.. Yes, gangsta, gangsta, how y'all wanna do this? I clap niggas down for yappin off follish Ain't no stoppin this Roc-A-Fella movement The name is Jay Guevara, homie, who are you and Your offbeat DJ? If anything he play, sound familiar I'll wait 'til Pharrell say, ("Lame...") Now I have to diss you, Joe You can get a smack for that, matter of fact The gats are blown, the natural like Roy Harve' The boy hard, your Toy Squad'll get squashed, BOY!!! Yardee, y'all be lost in the source Partly because y'all boss ain't a leader He's a follower, (NO!!!) no, I'm not coppin ya Album or your single, you likely to go coppa The coke coppa, the quick K cooker Sadat X like Master P, bring the hook up [Chorus: Sadat X] (DJ Scratching) He asked for it his man saw it so it don't mean shit to me He's gone, and that's how it supposed to be Check it out now! (I get away with mur-mur-murda!!!) He asked for it his man saw it so it don't mean shit to me He's gone, and that's how it supposed to be Check it out now! (I get away with mur-mur-murda!!!) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Wu-Tang Clan (Inspectah Deck, U-God) f/ Sadat X Album: Wu-Tang Chamber Music Song: Sound the Horns Typed by: Cno Evil [Intro: Inspectah Deck] Yeah, yeah... Yeah, yeah... Let's go... Yeah, listen... [Inspectah Deck] The sound of the horns says it's on We storm through like C. Thomas, Red Dawn Step like a don through the city, Deck bonds I get my hands dirty, Nikes scuffed, sweat pouring Still I stay fresh with the fly white linen Duece times 5, that's my type women Sonny, I live it, O-10, S5 tinted Brother Deck, what I rep, S.I., dig it? Fifty cal' flow, get low Intro to outro, bout it tho, whoa Steady, heavy like the 5-2 Chevy Niggas ain't ready, I turn out your lights like Teddy Roll like dice in the casino Known to spit lava, Heat like DeNiro and Pacino Manny Festo, Wu-Tang Gambino Lay it down, then I fly off like the hero "Wu-Tang!" "Wu-Tang!" [Sadat X] The Wild Cowboy number one G-O-D, how you gonna block out the son? Read my jacket, my achievements stretch like a warning track catch The in-crazable voice box, I throw you boys rocks Diamonds and jewels, a holiday, pros that fuck in schools I'm a tank, I stop panthers, take down stanzas Sixteen bars, keep the car running Broads stunting, feed ya self, kill ya self, take the pill Punks jump up to get beat down New York the sweet town I sorta, who's on tour? Who the vile, truth can say, you ain't a slouch Now Rule local, now I'm B.K. vocal Right out the X, you can work out your pecs and your back Can beat the death with bats, need to tune up, NJ'll turn the tune up I'mma tell you who's soon enough to got And I ain't down with getting crossed, and I never been the boss "Wu-Tang!" [U-God] Yo, you're hog-tied, I'm roping them, bitches, I'm gropping them Open up your veins, cop three bags of Dopium Super soak these niggas, stroke with the magnum force Leak it in the streets quick, peep my secret sauce I keep it gloss, I'm suited up for my franchise Your coins is tossed, man-handle bad guys Scramble for my damn prize, crack cans of cold Guinness I'm like Seabiscuit, I'mma win by a photo finish Nigga, this ain't tennis, yeah, I ain't bluffing shit I be the street menace on my David Ruffin shit Police ain't cuffing shit, claiming I'm a crook Throw up my middle finger, I'm a hall of famer in my book Right hook, death jooks, great with my footwork Bubble through, got the W on my hood shirt Sneak through the wood works like poisonous high fumes I'm that superhero with the brand new costume "Wu-Tang!" "Wu-Tang!" "Wu-Tang!" "Wu-Tang!" 