The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Canibus f/ Free, Pras Album: Can-I-Bus Song: Patriots Typed by: IH8FakeMcs@aol.com, OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Canibus] I make your bitch crew shit stools; I put a pistol  in your mouth and pull, then I feed you to the pitbulls Don't even talk about guns; the only "nine" you got  is a five dollar bill and four ones So I don't give a fuck what none of y'all niggaz say Cause anything that can't penetrate ricochets Rhymin with me on a record? You might as well have died  and went to hell instead of heaven cause my rhyme weapon is like a medieval torture method -- your four limbs  tied to four horses all pulling in different directions In this profession I get busy without a question Seein me is like seein a vampire's reflection Fast or slow flows connect like electrodes I make cassette tape decks blow when I'm in wreck-mode Explode leavin areas abandoned with more radiation behind than spots UFO's landed in [Pras]	Is that all soldier? [Can]	Yes, sir! [Pras]	Is there anything you need? [Can]	No, sir! [Pras]	Report back to me before debriefing. At ease! [Can]	Are you a Navy Seal? [Free]	Yes, sir! [Can]	Then say it like you mean it! 	Tell them who Free from the Navy Seal Team is! [Free] Free be the one rockin shit, special operatives Specializin in weapon diagnostics My survival tactics be drastic, like Rambo  I'm stranglin niggaz with my bow and arrow elastic Whoever said you couldn't be five feet and thoroughbred never witnessed the cerebal cortex in my head How many gigabytes does your hard drive hold? or does your hard drive fold once the signal hits the node? Beyond mission control the theory behind your thought Marie Antoinette, behead me, I still rock While you choke and suffocatin off your own testosterone I'm known for breakin levels down to the values unknown A specimen with extraterrestrial estrogen Kick your intestines in, sell your testicles to Mexicans I bring the force like a nutcracker Annihilate rhyme hackers, Navy Seal linebacker The last Oedipus remains, unclaimed So if you buck against Free you better tattoo your name  on your teeth -- I disintegrate those that oppose Disintegrate hoes with they assholes in they nose I suppose you wanna run your mouth like a castagnette I put bitch niggaz to rest in the bitch bassinet [Can]	Is that all soldier? [Free]	Yes, sir! [Can]	Is there anything you need? [Free]	No, sir! [Can]	Report back to me before debriefing. At ease! [Can]	Are you a patriot? 	(Sir, yes sir!) [Can]	Then say it like you mean it! 	Tell them who Canibus from the Navy Seal Team is! [Canibus] I'm the meanest motherfucker on this whole Navy Seal team And I can kill anything if it bleeds or breathes Yo, callin all bitch-ass niggaz and bitch-ass bitches I got a Howitzer bigger than any four-fifth is Rappin is a raw business But as an individual I'm as different as anybody's fingerprint is If foreign is the norm I'm the antonym Put me in the same category you would put Marilyn Manson in Bugging like a satanic evangelist Jogging buttnaked down Sunset Boulevard in Los Angeles Every MC in your crew will get ruined or wounded You talk the bullshit, and be too scared to do shit I'm the type of nigga that'll prove it, produce shit Spent so much time in the studio I had to move in A soldier, who practices West Indian obia I can drink the poison from a king cobra Cause long after y'all are dead and gone I survive the nuclear holocaust like a roach arthropod [Pras]	Is that all soldier? [Can]	Sir, yes sir! [Pras]	Is there anything you need? [Can]	Sir, no sir! [Pras]	Report back to me before debriefing. At ease! *echoes* The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Canibus Album: Can-I-Bus Song: Get Retarded Typed by: IcedDown1@aol.com, OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash "I-I-I, want, to.." 	"G-G-G-G-G-G-G-G-Get retarded" 	"G-G-G-G-G-G-Get retarded" 	"Get re-Get re-Get retarded" 	"G-G-G-G-G-G-Get retarded" "I, want, to.." 	"G-G-G-G-G-G-Get retarded" [Canibus] Yo -- niggaz is phony frontin like they Master of Ceremonies None of you suckers are even remotely close to me To be nice I sacrifice things like no sleep I keep a library of lyrics on microfiche Creating concepts so deep, niggaz quote me They rewind then interpret my rhymes to they homies I've advanced beyond your flows, eons ago It's inevitable in ninety-eight I'ma blow Ever since eighty-four, I've been in it to win it But see back then we used to battle by spinnin on the ce-ment You can't even absorb the rhymes I record or resolve the deep laws of the physics involved I travel to the end of the universe and beyond Parsecs, out of range from a cellular StarTec From the galaxy of Andromeda; I puzzle niggaz  like crop circles and other unexplained phenomena Chorus: Canibus Aiyyo, nine out of ten of these rap artists is garbage 	"G-G-G-G-G-G-Get retarded" You spineless, rhymeless, niggaz is heartless 	"Get re-Get re-Get retarded" Aiyyo, I came to see that hip-hop is never tarnished 	"G-G-G-G-G-G-Get retarded" So I {*echoes*} "I, want, to.." 	"G-G-G-G-G-G-G-G-Get retarded" [Canibus] Aiyyo, all I really want is you niggaz to stop bitin All I really want is you niggaz to start writin All I really want is you niggaz to be original  and start spittin some lyrical shit that I can listen to You haven't written the perfect rhyme yet You don't even know the sequences to the Human Genome Project You haven't come to terms with your God yet And you refuse to believe in Unidentified Flyin Objects When I bomb shit, I get retarded; probably more than you bargained I'm talking about rippin a mic off your arm shit Hype shit, blow up a mic shit, you might get beat the fuck up in broad daylight with a nighstick To the British, I'm Ghandi To the Japanese I'm an American pilot flyin over Nagasaki To the AIDS patient I'm your last antibody Sittin and waitin for a cure from modern biology Chorus [Canibus] Yo I be lookin directly into the human eye to see if you pussy And completely ruin your ability to lie to me I pull a nine on a bully, cock back the cannon God damnit, I don't think you fully understand it Ask nine out of ten niggaz on the planet who the best is, the question'll go unanswered til I step up, to the front line with rhymes Revin my engines like they were powered by Lemans Murderin niggaz with lyrics manufactured within  my DNA's double-helix, I leave you in troubled spirits I'm absolutely the purest, breed of MC  from the United States of America to Europe I deserve it However you wanna word it, I'm perfect Touch my microphone on accident and get murdered on purpose Motherfucker! "I, want, to.." 	"G-G-G-G-G-G-G-G-Get retarded" Chorus 	"G-G-G-G-G-G-Get retarded" 	"Get re-Get re-Get retarded" 	"G-G-G-G-G-G-Get retarded" 	"G-G-G-G-G-G-Get retarded" The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Canibus Album: Can-I-Bus Song: Nigganometry Typed by: lordjazz@mobsters.com, OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash {sample of Big Bird from Sesame Street cut and scratched saying "N"} Chorus: {samples} + [Canibus] 	"N", "I", "G-G", "A" [Nometry] 	"N", "I", "G-G", "A" [Nometry] 	"N", "I", "G-G", "A" [Nometry] 	[Nigganometry, nigga-nom-nom-nometry] 	"N", "I", "G-G", "A" [Nometry] 	"N", "I", "G-G", "A" [Nometry] 	"N", "I", "G-G", "A" [Nometry] 	[Nigganometry, nigga-nom-nom-nometry] [Canibus] Now if a bitch sucks yo' dick, for five dollars per square inch and gets forty dollars, includin a five dollar tip How big was the dick she just sucked? (Say what?) Say how big was the dick she just sucked? (What?) If you a nigga with a watch, that's iced out with enough rocks to make the hottest room temperature drop How long will it take for you to get robbed? (Say what?) How long will it be before you get robbed? (What?) Now if your song played on the radio for the first time four days ago, now the shit is rotational Who got paid off to play it? (I ain't scared to say it) Say who the fuck got paid off to play it? (I ain't scared to say shit) If you sign a recordin deal for less than a quarter mill' and your advance is a hundred-thousand dollar automobile I know the vehicle was probably beautiful (Yeah it's tight) But did you ask your lawyer if it was recoupable? It's nigganometry.. {echoes} Chorus: {all except first line} [Canibus] You had five shots of coke and vodka, then you convinced  your designated driver to smoke a pound of marijuana How the hell you gonna get home? Say how the fuck you gonna drive yourself home? You got a mansion, a Benz, a Bentley and a Range and ain't none of that shit in your government name What pieces of property do you own? (You don't own nothin) What pieces of property do you really own? You don't own a god damn thing, nigguh) Now if you take a glass of water then add two cubes of ice you should see the cup's water level slightly rise, right? You need to watch what I'ma show you (Watch this) You need to look closely at what I'ma show you (Listen to this right here) If you remove every living animal out of the sea then wouldn't the world's ocean water level decrease? This means the planet wasn't three-quarters water (that was deep) This means the planet wasn't three-quarters water (that shit was deep) It's nigganometry... {sample of Big Bird from Sesame Street cut and scratched saying "N"} "Hey, I've been sitting here trying to think  of what we can do with this here letter 'L'..." "F", "U", "C", "K", "L-L.." The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Canibus f/ Mike Tyson Album: Can-I-Bus Song: Second Round K.O. Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash {in the first section Tyson speaks over the "Rip Rock" instrumental} [Mike Tyson] Yo Canibus man, whassup man? I caught you on that cut with Wyclef man - you were boomin But I caught these foul slouch-ass niggaz, youknowmean? Talkin foul bout you the other night  on the corner of the boulevard man - I wasn't with that  but I ain't know you well enough to defend you though right? But you seem like you got true game But.. peep game man, they've been playin me all my life man You know I won the title a couple of times, did right, youknowmean? But they can't hurt us man, we gon' do it Get up in this ring man put on these gloves Let me show how to handle yourself man You don't got nobody out there with you I gots to show you man, get up in there move that head man Come on to me man, but when you come man you gotta come for blood man Come up to me man, come on bust that nigga whole man Niggaz talkin that shit about you.. Hey Mike Tyson here speakin with the Canibus man over here Yo Canibus your main objective out here is to do nuttin but eat eat eat eat MC's, for lunch, breakfast Hey man they been playin me all my life man You know I won the title a couple of times did right No but they can't hurt us man  We gonna do it, get up in this ring man, put on these gloves  Let me show you how to handle this yourself man [Canibus] So I'ma let the world know the truth, you don't want me to shine You studied my rhyme, then you laid your vocals after mine That's a bitch move, somethin that a homo rapper would do So when you say that you +Platinum+, you only droppin +Clue's+ I studied your background, read the book that you wrote Researched your footnotes, bout how you used to sniff coke Frontin like a drug-free role model, you disgust me I know bitches that seen you smoke weed recently You walk around showin off your body cause it sells Plus to avoid the fact that you ain't got skills Mad at me cause I kick that shit real niggaz feel While 99% of your fans wear high heels From Ice-T to Kool Moe Dee to Jay-Z  Now you wanna fuck with me? You must be crazy! You drippin with wack juice, and you can't get it off You betta be prepard to finish what you start, nigga [Referee] Hey hey hey hey, you just hold it right there (Yo, get off me man) We got an illegal low blow on the fighter in the blue trunks (Yo, yo get the fuck off me man) If I see one more of those, you're outta here brotha (Yo get out my way man, yo he started this shit) You understand? (Fuck you!) You'll be disqualified (I'll bite that nigga again!) Stop bein a bitch (Get the fuck off me man!) We came to see a fight [Mike Tyson] Yo Canibus man you gotta hit harder than that man  You don't want no bitch ass niggaz hangin out wit me man  We're warriors man, when we go into battle we come out, or don't come out at all [Canibus] Yo You better give me the respect that I deserve or I'ma take it by force Blast you with a 45 colt, make you summersault Shock you with a couple hundred thousand volt thunderbolts Before you wanted a war, now you wanna talk It's about who strikes the hardest, not who strikes first That's why I laugh when I hear that wack ass verse That shit was the worse [pause] rhyme I ever heard in my life cause the greatest rapper of all time died on March 9th God bless his soul rest in peace kid  It's because of him now at least I know +What Beef+ is It's not what I would call this (nah) see this is somethin different A faggot nigga tryin ta make a livin offa dissin Somebody that he gotta know is betta than him but he feelin himself, cause he got more cheddar than him Well lemme tell you somethin, you might got mo' cash then me But you ain't got the skills to eat a nigga's ass like me And if you really want to show off, we can get it on  Live in front of the cameras on your own sitcom I'll let you kick a verse, fuck it, I'll let you kick em all I'll even wait for the studio audience to applaud [cheers] Now watch me rip the tat from your arm Kick you in the groin, stick you for your Vanguard award In front of your mom your 1st, 2nd and 3rd born Make your wife get on the horn call Minister Farrakhan So he could persuade me to squash it, I saw naw he started it He forgot what a hardcore artist is A hardcore artist is a dangerous man, such as myself trained to run 20 miles in soft sand On or off land, programmed to kick hundreds of bars off hand  from a lost and forgotten land, you done did it man You done spitted some wack shittit  And probably thought that because it's been a minute I'll forget it Fuck that, cause like Common and Cube I see +The Bitch In Yoo+ and I'ma make the world see it too, motherfucker [Referee] Ladies and gentelman, we have a new lyrical weight champion By second round knock out, 3 minutes and 40 seconds Can-i-bus [Mike Tyson] Yo Canibus man, you movin like Mike Tyson Jr. man You in and out and you're agile with you flow man But dig right, you got you gotta eat man, that's your name Canibus  Your whole agenda is to eat these niggaz man  They have no business to be in the same stage with you holdin the mic with you But dig right... But dig right... But dig right... But dig right... Hey Mike Tyson here speakin with the Canibus man over here  Yo Canibus your main objective out here is to do nuttin but eat eat eat eat MC's for lunch, breakfast, dinner That's your agenda baby Your your agenda to to consume them Their whole existance, they can't exist in your presence The Canibus is here to rule forever Mike Tyson, on the death The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Canibus 			 Album: Can-I-Bus Song: What's Going On Typed by: IH8FakeMcs@aol.com, OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash "What's.. what's.." "What's going on? What's going on?" (4X) [Canibus] The club scene is a regular hangout spot for unclean  women in tight jeans frontin like queens Chickenheads who should be home takin care of their eggs Instead, they always in the club flirtin with men No I don't care about no hype-no-holic bitches; all I'm concerned with  is who's bringin they burners in to burn niggaz While security practice is mediocre proportions Niggaz is still stealthily sneakin they firearms in Often, niggaz be acting like they're marksmen but couldn't hit a stationary object So how you gonna hit a movin target? Especially if you alcoholic The party was coconuts until you spoiled it Nigga what's goin on? Chorus: Canibus + samples "What's going on? What's going on?" [Can]	What's goin on these days?  [Can]	Can't do no hip-hop shows without the gunplay "What's going on? What's going on?" [Can]	What's goin on? Why is everybody packin? "While you rappin, I'm busy tryin to sneak the gat in" -> Havoc "What's going on? What's going on?" [Can]	What's goin on these days?  	Can't do no hip-hop shows without the gunplay "What's going on? What's going on?" [Can]	Before you blaze, think about the lives at stake "You got a gun up in your waist, please don't shoot up the place" -> Biggie [Canibus] Aiyyo The other night I seen some kid gettin loud, runnin his mouth Til somebody pulled the thang-thang out, then shots rang out This nigga in front of me got his back blown out On the floor with a piece of his small intestines hangin out I had to scream on the bouncers to carry him out They said, "Nah, them niggaz is still bustin in the crowd" Then they ducked down close to the ground as the bullets whizzed by Prayin to Allah cause they don't wanna die But neither do I, fuck it, I gotta be here As a rap artist, it's a vital part of my career I swear, y'all niggaz need to chill with that Bringing your handguns to every God damn club I perform at Everything from semi-autos to macs Chrome or black, plastic gats and all that Believe it or not - the government wants that So they can use that as an excuse to shut down rap What's goin on? Chorus [Canibus] Yo All of my hip-hop niggaz should feel what I'm speakin upon A subject that was touched by Nas and Pharoahe Monch Bullets - bein shot from guns, guns bein carried by thugs who come to the clubs to shed blood Bear in mind, that everytime a nigga reaches for chrome  he jeopardizes more lives than his own To some this record ain't even relevant until you experience  how a bullet can shatter your dreams in a millisec' By some thug cats who didn't take that by bustin a gat, they could render somebody handicapped and trapped, in a wheelchair over nothin With the gift of walkin and runnin snatched from them  What the fuck is goin on? Chorus 2X (to fade) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Canibus f/ MB^2 Album: Can-I-Bus Song: I Honor U Typed by: Dymortify@aol.com, OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Chorus One: MB^2 We'll never part (through) sickness and health (health) You are my heart -- I love you more than I love myself (Yeahayyeahh) But in the middle of the night I heard you cryin in your sleep it'll be alright I'll be there for you (just for you) if you tell me all your secrets Yet in the middle of the night  I heard you cryin in your sleep I held you tight I'll be there for you (youuooooh) if you tell me all your secrets [Canibus] Aiyyo, boy meets girl, boy really likes her Boy loses contact with girl but he finds her Girl has no clue that boy is a liar, and he has no honor So she dates him regardless, cause she thought he was harmless And he had her believin he was the man she wanted to spend the rest of her life with -- the words "I love you" are priceless, unpredictable like rollin dice is None-the-less, inspite of the frightenin repercussions you might get, people still risk they necks Of course it's nice, the feelin of courtship, roses and stuff Women never get it often enough And the reason people love they mother so much besides the fact she carried you for nine months, is trust It's a five letter word, that should only occur between him and her before the bees and the birds (WORD!) Chorus One [Canibus] Aiyyo I heard a soft moan in the middle of March Then I felt a powerful force push me forward like a dart On your mark, get set, GO! I was off, flagella was my propellor wigglin back and forth Then I set a course for the border Mother Nature's karma callin me to the rock of Gibraltar The competition tried to be smart, but I was smarter My competitors were swimmin fast, so I swam harder Submerged in water, prayin to my heavenly father If I don't make it through I'm a goner Screamin out "Death before dishonor,"  Because I'm awesomely stronger, my stamina last longer I was destined to be a son instead of a daughter XY is the male chromosomal order One'll stay alive, and survive, the rest'll be dead  Cause I'ma be the one to fertilize that egg {echoes} Chorus Two: MB^2 In the middle of the night  I heard you cryin in your sleep I held you tight I'll be there for you.. if you tell me all your secrets [Canibus] Aiyyo mommy I'm up in your stomach, buggin Whenever you rub it, I love it  Like a comforters covers you warm as a oven Your husband -- stubborn, how can you love him? Smokin cigarettes by the dozen when he knows that I'm comin Bad move, you hopin that daddy improves  Knowin in your heart that's bull, because he's too cruel You've been abused, used, you've got, wounds and scars Think with your mind not with your heart, let's go to grandma's Terminate the lease, call the landlord Give your job two weeks notice, pack up the car, and go to New York What part? They got a little borough called The Bronx, Mom.. And I heard that's where hip-hop is gonna start Hell yeah! I think we need to be right there Four months in your stomach and I already chose a career When you cry, I hear, and I wish I could dry your tears but I can't cause I'm stuck in here Five months from bein able to lay against your chest I can't even hold you in my arms, cause they ain't developed yet But I swear to you, as to God's Almighty Truth I'ma be there for you.. I'ma be there for you.. Chorus One w/ variations [MB^2] Tell me!			(Tell me all your secrets) All.. all..			(Tell me all your secrets) And I will be there for you	(Tell me all your secrets) Tell me your secrets		(Tell me all your secrets) Oooohoooh, tell me..		(Tell me all your secrets) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Canibus f/ Jenny Fujita Album: Can-I-Bus Song: Hypnytis Typed by: IH8FakeMcs@aol.com, OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [skit first 30 seconds of song, speaking over "Rip Rock" instrumental] Yo whassup, wassup son? (Oh are y'all ready? Y'all ready?) Yea yea yea we ready Whassup, whassup son? Whassup, what's the deal? 	Yeah yeah Yeah, aight, so... so all we gotta do  is do the shit we've been workin on 	Word When we add this new, Canibus nigga, yaknowhatI'msayin 	{Yeah, yeah} Niggaz gonna feel that nigga 	Oh, that's the old to the new! The old to the new! (Yo, that's gon' bring us back, that's gon' bring us back) That's gonna bring us back (Yeah that's gon' blow) Aight? So let's... so let's work on this shit {*clears throat*} Y'all ready? Two times, from the top {*goes into an old school style rap*} I hold the mic (YEAH) real tight (YEAH) And yo grab the mic and make the shit sound tight Hold the mic (YEAH) real tight (YEAH) And yo, grab the mic and make the shit sound tight Chorus: Jenny Fujita The hype.. nitis.. is in.. your eyes That look.. that smile.. in disguise {echoes} [Canibus] Aiyyo, can you feel it? I know that everybody's heard of that (The Vapors!) But this is the ninety-eight version of that BizMark, one of the founders of this art Discovered evidence, of the disease, and documented it Now the name of the virus is called "Hype-nitis" A terminal condition that effects all biters and liars Hype-no-holics can't require my respect Cause they snakes and I can smell the venom on they breath Hype-nitis Chorus [Canibus] Alright now, I'm about to break the hype-nitis down It's characterized by a certain type of lifestyle People that treated you foul just wanna be nice now Smile and raise they eyebrows when you come around I remember when I first started to work and tried to get this job as a label intern Them niggaz was, killin me, cause wasn't nobody feelin me A&R's wouldn't even risk demo-dealin me {speaking over chorus} Can you believe that shit? That's how it was back then Chorus [Canibus] Aiyyo, I know  most the niggaz I exchange pounds with or lounge with  wouldn't be around if my career was spiralin downward They'd crowd around me til I'm surrounded Ask me who I'm down with, til I replied, "The Navy Seals outfit" They told me my album was coconuts so they rewound it I knew they was hype-no-holics by how they voices sounded I pull a silver can out of my trousers Made a public announcement, about the Hype juice  and then I bounced kid {echoes} Chorus [Canibus] To me hype-nitis is like the measles, cause it's a disease too Studies show it affects one in every five people It's so lethal, the cure can't be achieved through hypodermic needles or the ingestion of medicine in teaspoons If you feel the need to, here's a toll-free number They'll send you an eight page pamphlet to read through (800)-7932 , there'll be available hype-no-holics  standin by for you to speak to {echoes} Chorus [Jenny Fujita] The hype.. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Canibus f/ Panama P.I. Album: Can-I-Bus Song: How We Roll * Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash * also known as "Niggas We Roll With" [Canibus] I never freestyle for free, without chargin niggaz a fee It'll cost a brain cell just to cypher with me I'm the type of MC, that rocks for the glory I don't give a fuck if you ignore me or camcord me Freestyle or written, spittin with infinite ammunition for anybody tryin to go the distance I promise ya no less than a hundred-thousand kilometres My bomb threats'll have you evacuatin your continent I'm barbaric with the alphanumeric Hittin you with lyrics that separates your body from your spirit This is for wack niggaz doin shows and shit Cause I'll be in the crowd if you ain't controllin it (Rakim: "Drop the mic, you shouldn't be holdin it") Chorus: Panama P.I. I roll with the wildest niggaz West Indian Island niggaz, unemployed jobless niggaz The foulest niggaz, who never smile at niggaz Some hostile violent, chemically imbalanced niggaz [Canibus] We savages, snatchin microphones from amateurs Cause like women who get abortions, I ain't havin it I rip you, my metaphor content, will split you into little, powderlike crystals, so I can sniff you What I say should be displayed at the Smithsonian Your rhymes are phonier than cubic zirconias Have you any idea what I do to crews like you How many niggaz in my career, I ran through? Comin afta ya, blastin ya, with the shotgun like a front seat passenger You must be askin fa', some sort of a massacre I'll attack ya cardiovascular Shatter you like glass in automobile crashes when I smash that ass into blackberry molasses Rip your speaker to ashes, and kick a hole in it cause I'll be in the crowd if you ain't controllin it Chorus: Panama P.I. You see I roll with the wildest niggaz West Indian Island niggaz, unemployed jobless niggaz The foulest niggaz, who never smile at niggaz Some hostile violent, chemically imbalanced niggaz See I roll with the wildest niggaz West Indian Island niggaz, unemployed jobless niggaz The foulest niggaz, who never smile at niggaz Some hostile violent, chemically imbalanced niggaz [Canibus] I'm the illest lyricist in America -- MC's can't see me cause I'm too quick, for the human retina to regista I roll up on ya crew quicker than long sleeves At a +Speed+ that would confuse Keanu Reeves So ask yourself, who am I? I'm the illest MC that you ever seen in your fuckin life I hop into the backseat of a cab and rhyme til the meter says 9, 9, 9, 9 Line for line I battle any kind of MC at any time whether they signed or unsigned Wit many lines, more lines than a million pair of Adidas More lines than the bible quoted from Jesus More lines than a African herd of zebras Niggaz just ain't fuckin wit the 'cannabis seteva' This is for ALL you niggaz doin shows and shit Cause I'll be in the crowd if you ain't controllin it (Rakim: "Drop the mic, you shouldn't be holdin it") Chorus: Panama P.I. See I roll with the wildest niggaz West Indian Island, unemployed jobless niggaz The foulest niggaz, who never smile at niggaz Some hostile violent, chemically imbalanced niggaz See I roll with the wildest niggaz West Indian Island, unemployed jobless niggaz The foulest niggaz, who never smile at niggaz Some hostile violent .. chemically ..imbalanced ..nigga! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Canibus Album: Can-I-Bus Song: Channel Zero Typed by: Osirus260@aol.com, OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Canibus] Approximately fifty years ago under the direction of President Harry Truman and in the interest of national security A group of twelve top military scientific personnel were established This group's primary objective  was to desensitize us to the truth  And to suppress the material evidence that our planet is being visited  by a group of extraterrestrial biological entities called the grays Tune in to channel zero (8X) [Canibus] Yo, sometimes the road to the truth is, so elusive it's confusin  And reality becomes illusion If I showed the masses where we was at or where we was goin  I'd shatter the social balance of the world as we know it I'm talkin bout the grand deception, of 1947 When our souls were sold to the heavens for technologically advanced weapons Crystal enhanced, brain implants, and mind control methods MJ-12 is not majestic  And the focal point of our problems on this planet are not domestic You can accept it or be stupid and be a skeptic and fail to recognize the secret society's deathwish Ninety-seven percent of our Presidents were Masons Responsible for launderin trillions of dollars from the nation for the construction of underground military installations Abductions and cattle mutilations Experiments on human patients can take place in several subterranean bases A hundred and fifty stories below a basement With knowledge of genetic information, you need to fear science not Satan Cause through the manipulation of certain biological agents they create strange creations Top secret special operations Low frequency sounds and lasers, people like Carl Sagan  that didn't believe in the Drake equation were tryin to keep Western civilization on the need-to-know basis Well you need to know that this is a game and we're bein betrayed and played in the worst way Tune in to channel zero (8X) [Canibus] Yo, the holy script from Genesis 1-26  says, "Let us make man in our image under our likeness" First of all who's THEY? You see if God  was truly a single entity that's not what he would say We as the Elohim, Gods and Goddesses posess a marvelously monsterous subconscious Lifeforms that speak, in very high pitched sounds and squeaks Short staccato clicks and beeps A highly advanced form of speech Even though to us it seems like they only chatterin they teeth They used to swim deep in the oceans beneath Til they fins transformed into limbs and they started to creep Then they evolved into mammals with feet And walked right from the shorelines onto the beach They used gravity, cause it's actually the only force around that could slow time and the speed of light down The energy grid network, opened the gateway from Earth  to any point in the universe Livin organisms and various, geomagnetic gravitational, anomaly areas Space expedition teams in the lunar regions  reported seein, decapyramids and tetrahedrons Liquid filled shoes, is what they used to walk across the moon without leavin a clue of where they been for the past twenty-three billion years Before life on the surface even appeared I hope you become aware what I'm spittin in your ear was intended to stimulate your left-brain's hemisphere I know it sounds weird, all these motherfuckin answers and questions to the grand deception Tune in to channel zero (16X) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Canibus f/ Pras, Product, Wyclef Album: Can-I-Bus Song: Let's Ride Typed by: m_a_2@hotmail.com, trusoldiah@aol.com, OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Canibus] Yo, yo If you just listen to my lyrics every day for a couple of weeks My techniques will eventually kill you just like red meat The Bhagavad Gita beliefs I speak be so deep Most critics get mad because there's nothin to critique Whenever I'm rappin or rhymin with irrefutably remarkable timin I'm like, Charlie Chaplin pantomimin If you John Blaze, or you James Flames or you Jack Cremation, I'm Jermaine Propane (Jermaine Propane) No pain no gain in this rap game For the fortune and fame in order to remain Most real MC's, learn to adapt to the change or get washed away like tears in the rain, in the rain y'all Chorus: Wyclef, Product, Pras [Clef]	Just ride, just ride, ah just ride e'rybody just ride 	Just ride, just ride, ah just ride e'rybody just ride [Pro]	When you in the streets and you're drivin in your V 	if you can see what I see, you're prepared for the jackers [Can]	Old school, old school [Pras]	Everybody got to pack a mac now [Canibus] Yo, if you wanna know, how I kick a flow when I rip a show, with my lyric-al, I'ma let you know It's difficult, cause I'm a part spiritual, part para-physical miracle And I'ma blackout in a minute too Spittin like Bone-Thugs like  "Nigga-what? I'm-fin-to-get-a-gun and stick-em-up" then crush a Thug's Bones with a chrome slug The black Cyrano DeBergerac of rap with the ghetto Anglo-Sax' poetic syntax In fact, nigga don't even give me dap when I see you Just don't give me no ice grill eye contact either When you see me, whylin like Beenie on the speakers "Zim zimma -- who got the fire for my reefa?" Chorus: Product, Pras, Wyclef [Pro]	You came home from a bid a nigga was in your crib 	And the whole time you thought your girl was celebate [Can]	Old school old school [Pras]	You locked up and she need some di-ick [Clef]	Just ride, just ride, ah just ride e'rybody just ride 	Just ride in the hood, just ride, all my .. uh, ah just ride [Canibus] Yo physically I move at a velocity that'll break your stopwatch if you clockin me My concrete jungle is like Jumanji Iller than what you seen in the cinema A five foot eight, nigga with more horsepower than eight cylinders My brain consists of twin Pentium chips Double the clock speeds of a 586 And nothin about my physical matrix is BASIC I kick flavor beyond what your tongue is capable of tastin You'll be so surprised you won't believe your own eyes It's like a Jamaican seein the snow for the first time Rhymes of a sort, that distort space and time It's like explainin color to a man that was born blind Chorus: Product [Pro]	Crimes on the street, come from a lack of eatin 	It's not my cup of tea, but I'll give them the BEST 	Motherfuckin BEST 	And if you still out here I kick yo' ass tomorrow [Can]	Old school, old school (c'mon!) [Pro]	And if you still out here, I kick yo' ass tomorrow [Can]	Old school, old school (c'mon y'all) [Pro]	Frontin like you buyin food but you buyin crack bottles 	[Wyclef] 	Ah just ride, ah just ride 	Everybody in the East just ride 	Ah just ride, ah just ride 	Everybody in the West just ride 	Ah to the South, down South 	Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah 	Ah just ride The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Canibus Album: Can-I-Bus Song: Buckingham Palace Typed by: Dymortify@aol.com, OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Canibus] Aiyyo I stand outside the gates of Buckingham Palace Selling reefer, puffin the chalice with the Beefeaters Gettin so high that whenever I drop shit it'll land on the window of your airplane cockpit Canibus with the hot shit, "Crazy I. Click" Niggaz is bloody idiots thinkin that they can stop this I'll increase my strength, to a super human extent Nigga your rhyme ain't worth sixpence And if you can hear, smell, see, touch, and taste then you don't need six senses to feel me punch you in the face From Brixton, to Clapham Common, my lyrics invade Europe  like Joseph Stalin, and murder niggaz for rhymin Spittin fire, with gasoline for saliva As drunk as Lady Diana's driver wit reporters behind her Alcohol in the hands of a minor I got you panickin like bombs, with 30 second timers Clear the buildin, evacuate women and children Fuck what you feelin nigga, I came here to kill em Straight shittin, from New York to Great Britain And when we do shows we make the Queen pay admission, what! Chorus: Canibus (and crowd) When I say "Can-I" you say "Bus" Can-I (BUS!) Can-I (BUS!) Yo, when I say "Can-I" you say "Bus" Can-I (BUS!) Can-I (BUS!) [Canibus] Yo.. yo.. Yo prepare for the worst This next verse is the face of death Me without lyrics is like a porn flick without sex Illmatic, my lyrical skills are Jurassic With more flavor then Skittles when I'm digitally mastered I go off like a cannon and blow up the planet  with "No Fear," like them clothes white boys be wearin I'm tougher than denim, lethal like venomous snake bites The marijuana makes my eyes bright red like brake lights There ain't a party I couldn't rock, believe that There ain't a microphone brave enough to give me feedback I'm strong, my word is Bond like James Niggaz be tryin to test, but they 'week' like seven days MC's run away when I kick it; they act so chicken  they should come with a large drink and a biscuit My style's radioactive, massive atomic I plan to push the Earth in front of Halley's Comet Breakin the +Facts of Life+ down like Tudy, I'm raw like sushi with more +Vocab+, than three fuckin Fugees So recognize or be hospitalized cause lyrically on a scale of one to ten I'm twenty-five Chorus [Canibus] Yo, yo, a little bit of weed and some Henessey got me ready to set it with kinetic energy See I need much more energy then my enemies  If I wanna make more Bill's then Bellamy So I could be on MTV with women constantly tellin me I resemble Billy Dee I make fly rhymes to get my name on the scene Then when I'm on the scene I do shows to get the green Then I take the green, buy a automobile machine for that thing on page 43, in Jet Magazine Canibus is the ultimate executioner's dream Swingin the guillotine, cause whenever the head is severed  from the human body with a sharp enough weapon the brain remains conscious for ten seconds Long enough for me to give you one last message And when you get to Hell you can tell Lucifer I said it Don't ever get it confused, fuckin with Canibus the human Rubix Cube like you got somethin to prove Yo, whoever grabs the mic after me'll get booed Get everything in the club thrown at you and your crew From Moet bottles to bar stools, fruits and foods You got a album out, you get hit with your CD too Runnin outside, cryin, lyin, denyin  that you ain't The Gay Rapper, but you got fucked by him What's the difference? Y'all niggaz still ain't in lyrical fitness Too busy mixin your bid'ness with your bitches While I be in the lab composin forbidden scriptures So wicked I got, Satan ejaculatin on his fingers Like Dirk Diggler, in the middle of +Boogie Nights+ Sniffin white, livin the hype, he ruined his life But I'm a MC of a different type, yeah that's right Make sure your shit is tight, or I'ma snatch yo' mic, nigga! Chorus The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Canibus Album: Can-I-Bus Song: Rip Rock Typed by: cflartey@yahoo.com, OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash {*guitars fade in*} [Canibus] C'mon c'mon c'mon c'mon c'mon c'mon c'mon c'mon, c'mon! Rock! {*echoes*} Rock! Rock! Rock! Verse One: Canibus Jump up and down if you love the sound We Rip and Rock until we tear shit down Rip Rock stands for Hip-Hop mixed with Rock'n'Roll I'm hardcore to my inner soul Hold on as I swerve outta control Directly into the unknowns of a black hole All my real niggaz, with fucked up neurotransmitters wavin glocks and swastikas I'ma take twenty shots of this hard liquor and swigga, til I'm drunk as the Pississippi River Even though I know the shit is fuckin up my liver Tomorrow when I wake up, I won't even remember {"Rock!"} how I got home - or where I got this tattoo of a mic on my arm from Or when I fucked them bitches last night, I shoulda used a condom  (I guess not) Now that's what I call Rip Rock! Chorus One: Canibus Rip, Rock, Rip (c'mon) Rock Rip, Rock, Rip (c'mon) Rock Rip, Rock, Rip (c'mon) Rock Rip (c'mon) .. Rock! (yeah) {repeat Chorus One} Chorus Two: Canibus (repeat 2X) You want Rock'n'Roll? (We got it) You want Hip-Hop? (We got it) You wanna wreck shop? (We got it) We got it got it We got it got it got it {*guitar interlude - like a heavy metal snake charmer's song*} [Canibus] C'mon! {*echoes*} Rock! Rock! Rock! Rock! Verse Two: Canibus Yo, I want you to sucker-punch whoever you standin next to if you ready to rock with a ReFugee rebel A Navy Seal underwater in a submarine vessel Shittin on niggaz above sea level I'm tired of you MC's talkin bout loot (LOOT!) I'm tired of you corny drug-induced rap groups (GROUPS!) I'm tired of the lies, the cries, the screams Tired of gettin my name misspelled in magazines {"Rock!"} I'm tired of you two-faced disc jockeys Non-believers, suckin on my arch enemy's penis You know who you are, I'm talkin to you You need to recognize I'm tryin to introduce somethin new Somethin I would sacrifice my life or die for Somethin if I was already dead I would rise for Somethin that would make a fool a hundred times wiser Somethin that will help all mankind to prosper I die with laughter, lookin at you wack MC's with your craft unmastered, bastards Hip-Hop in it's rarest form, crossbreeded with Rock'N'Roll, now Rip Rock is born, motherfuckers! Chorus One Chorus Two [Canibus] C'mon! {*echoes*} C'mon! C'mon c'mon c'mon! {*echoes*} (Yeah!) C'mon! {*echoes*} C'mon c'mon c'mon c'mon c'mon! {*echoes*} (Yeah!) C'mon! Rip Rooooooooooooooooooock! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Canibus Album: 2000 B.C. Song: The C-Quel Typed by: swizzruler@home.com [Overlapped lines from songs in the past] (OVERLAP 1) "I'll battle you on the net, I'll battle you in the flesh  I'll battle you over the phone you can call me collect" "Verbally viscious, telekenetically gifted,  Took a minute to exhibit that I'm sick with it" "Have you any idea what I'll do to crews like you  How many niggaz in my career I've ran through" "At 1000 degrees celsius I make Emcees melt,  Fuck my record label I appear courtesy of myself" "Canibus is the type to fight for mics,   beatin' niggaz to death and beatin' dead niggaz to life" "While you niggaz is babblin' my lyrics is travelin'   like a javelin to stab you in the abdomen" "The intellectual athelete accurately rappin' so rapidly,  Yet he makes perfect sense mathematically" "I walk the B-Lock withe the G-Lock, C-ocked,   trynna' get the DR-op on the C-ops" "The Canibus is a animal with a mechanical mandible  comin' to damage you spittin' understandable slang at you" "Rhymes richocet off the inner walls of my lungs   and go past the tongue faster than bullets come out of guns "Whenever the head is severed from the human body   with a sharp enough weapon the brain remains conscious for 10 seconds" "What's the matter with ya'll, I'll spatter ya'll, against the muthafuckin' wall with these raw lyrics I catapault "I'll hop into the back seat of a cab and rhyme,  Till the meter says 9, 9, 9, 9!!!" (Verse 1) Yea, it's the C-Quel, the C-Quel, Yo! I'm hardcore from the nappy follicles in my pores To every single pore in my skull Hard from my mouth to my jaws >From my jaws to my torso where my organs are stored And from my balls in my draws to the floor I pray to God they hurry up and start the third World War So I can start World War 4 and murder us all I don't give a fuck if you rich or you poor Don't give a fuck if you got ya' picture in the Source of Forbes I don't give a fuck who won an award On stage tryna' thank God I'll chop ya' tongue off wit' a sword Let they blood pour all on the floor If it ain't a cordless, you gettin' punched in the jaw and hung wit' the cord I'll leave ya' corpse stiff as a board Like frozen meat tryna' thaw then bury you under the morge Gettin' in my way is like jumpin' in front of a car Breakin' the sound barrier, that means the car is in front of the horn By the time you hear it blowin', it's too late to respond By the time you feel it hit chu, I'm gone I'll send ya' to hell where you belong So by the time ya' body hits the floor Ya' spirit won't be in it no more Who could flow for 4 minutes or more Without breaks, without mistakes, without flaws I got millions of styles and I mastered'em all A metaphor matador fast enough to make the bullcharge and crash in the wall (OVERLAP 2) "Whoever grabs the mic after me'll get booed  Get everything in the club thrown at you and ya' crew" "I'm the illest nigga alive, watch me prove it,  I'll snatch ya' crown with ya' head still attached to it" "I battle you the respect, I'll battle you over a blank check  I'll battle you with a gun to my neck" "Ambushin' emcees, jumpin' out the trees like Vietnamese   in fatigues covered with leaves" "Next year, you'll be walkin' around the "How Can I Be Down"  conference with a laminate, that said "I Got Shitted-On By Canibus"" "Turn ya' head round gimmie the cheddar,  I'd rather be a lion for a day than a lamb who lives forever" "Fuck ya'll, you don't impress me and no one can test me,   an emcee so ill I got AIDS scared to catch me" (Verse 2) Canibus is what the hardcore niggas is waitin' on Debatin' on what the fuck is takin' so long Well I'm here now, verbal ass whippins bout to get shared out Wack niggas bout to get aired out Faggit niggas get they ass teared out Grab a wise man by his goatee and rip his fuckin' beard out Cold beat a niggas ass like Stout Then bust a shot in the muthafuckin' courtroom and watch it clear out A hundred thousand mile warranty Metaphorically, I'll use a hundred thousand styles and murder you orally I took a lion on tour wit' me, made him respect authority Smacked him in the head for trynna' roar at me Lyrics got my undivided loyalty And there ain't nothin' on this God damn planet that's worth more to me In the name of Hip-Hop niggas could corner me Torture me, slice me then stitch me up like embroidery Way back before gold-plated male and female RCA jacks was used for crystal clear playback I was trynna' blaze ADATS, and if a nigga said my demo was wack? I'd beat his ass and took my tape back "Yea nigga" "What? Yeah nigga take that" Anybody get outta' line, get they face slapped Quick fast, the Can-I-Bus'll buss yo' ass Then I'll bust you wit' a shotgun blast It's not fun so I don't laugh To me this rap shit is as serious as, the death of a loved one You know how you be feelin' sad That's how I feel when I grab the microphone but niggas don't understand Canibus is unequivocably the illest killin' machine in the industry For the 20th century Trapped in a max security building Sufferin' from a severe illness called brillance (echoes) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Canibus Album: 2000 B.C. Song: 2000 B.C. (Before Canibus) Typed by: WizdomNXS@aol.com [Canibus] Yo! My offense is a mixture of Mike and Muhammad Knock a nigga unconcious and talk shit In bare-knuckle boxin', speed is the object Weavin' and dodgin' with defensive blockin' So in the ring, you cannot win The top ten become nine dead if I ever decide to hop in With the one-two, one-two shot to the chin knock you out like ten shots of vodka and gin The beautiful blend of power and strength From the top of my head, down to where my toe cuticles end I verbally burn a nigga, Lyrically hurt a nigga, Pull a voodoo verse on a nigga, Kennedy curse a nigga, Who can spit the words quicker than the average man? Who can embarrass a man? Bite you with fangs and mangle ya hands On candid cam, the Canibus can The Canibus can with the stamina to damage a man It's been a long time, I shouldn't have left you, Without a strong rhyme to step to I told y'all (C'mon!!) I roast y'all (C'mon!!) So come on (Hold on) Hold on!! It's been a long time, I shouldn't have left you, Without a strong rhyme to step to I told y'all (C'mon!!) I roast y'all (C'mon!!) So come on (Hold on) Hold on!! [Canibus] Yo! I spit for it (lie for it!) Live for it (die for it!) Back out the nine, commit a homicide for it If I'm handcuffed with the right to remain silent for it I'ma blow trial and do the federal time for it you mad at the last album, I apologise for it,  Yo, I can't call it, motherfuckin' Wyclef spoiled it, But this time for 99 I got 5 on it You should double up and put a dime on it, Matter of fact, triple your nickle and put 14.99 on it I'ma shine on it, Watch Flex drop a bomb on it About ten times on it Watch people call a request line for it Cypher sounds keep pushin rewind on it Look out for the album with the Canibus design on it 12 O'Clock in the morning you'll be standin on line for it I'm a live poet, with a sharp ear and eye for it Coz I tear down mics and put a out of order sign on it [Canibus] Yo, I rip shit with the ballistic characteristics Of a hollow tip at point blank distance I flip shit when I spit shit Father forgive Bis, I just snatched the Jesus piece off some Christians Coz they sounded like idiots They went from silver to gold to platinum After the millenium they'll probably be wearin' Iridium They so gassed, if a bitch sucked they dick they'd probably cum helium Y'all niggaz can't be serious,I was nice before ice Before Christ, before the words let there be light And a light took over the night I was born with a mic Lord of the mic before all plant and animal life Took this rap shit to new heights Before the Wright brothers took flight Before dog fightin' and aerial strikes Before MC's picked up pens and started to write Before promotional marketin and posterlights The Can-I-Bus'll bust up mics Punch out lights Punch out your motherfuckin eyesight For the title bought fight Ask Ty Fyffe, I snatch the track for half price The Canibus is too nice Gimme that mic! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Canibus f/ Journalist Album: 2000 B.C. Song: Life Liquid Typed by: esimpson@shore.net, OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash (Blood spillin in the streets!) The what? (Blood spillin in the streets!) (Blood spillin in the streets!) The what? (Blood spillin in the streets!) [Journalist] Uhh, yo, yo, aiyyo Aiyyo wit two precise niggaz, holdin the right biscuits There'll be a lot of cats leakin out they life liquid Niggaz who actin hard this ain't Columbia Pictures when we throw two in yo' ass while you huggin on your mistress From Philly, where cats quick to mute you at Cuckoo cats, twist back your FUBU cap Crucial black - two chicks to screw you at Then they shove a poolstick where you doodoo at While you checkin on your pagers, weapons in your faces Shot blazin, cops section off the pavement Hoppin out with gauges, prepare for the occasion We throw about eight in, the house that you was raised in Mouthin off fakin'll make you a loud patient Achin, with your arms in a alcohol basin And while your brain's achin I'ma have your dame slavin Cocaine and apron, over a flame bakin Chorus: Journalist + Canibus [J]	Niggaz take it for granted -  	until they layin dead on the granite [C]	Innocent bystanders get shot by standin [J]	Y'all better duck when you hear the cannon [Both]	or y'all be checkin for leaks -  	Niggas'll leave your blood spillin in the streets [J]	Niggaz take it for granted -  	until they layin dead on the granite [C]	Innocent bystanders get shot by standin [J]	Y'all shoulda ducked when y'all heard the cannon 	now you layin deceased [Both]	Niggas'll leave your blood spillin in the streets [Canibus] Can you feel it? Nothin can save ya Cause this is the season of the infrared laser And since I got time, what I'm gonna do is show you how you can get spotted by one too Cause I don't give a fuck, I just cock back and bust With more arms than an octopus, as if one gun wasn't enough I fuck around and pull eight out Blast your face off or blow your brains out Nigga, I'll leave you laid out Then I pull the gat in my waist out Put it in your mouth and keep squeezin til the whole clip is sprayed out Take the gun in my ankle brace out; shoot you in the stomach  till I see the last meal you ate drain out Your face look spaced out, I gut you like a trout Scream my name out while I'm scrapin your rib cage out Squeeze with the index, spray like a bottle of Windex Bullets buzzin by your head like insects From your head to your mid-sec' And I ain't even shoot you in the legs or your limbs or your dick yet Your masculinity is questionable, you probably a homosexual Just the thought of havin a woman lay next to you  probably threatens you You probably look at grapes and see testicles You probably fantasize about vegetables  like cucumbers and bananas havin sex with you And you probably let gerbels crawl up your rectum too Shame on you; I (*defecate*) on you  and simultaneously (*urinate*) on you and pour some acid rain on you I stop your heartbeat with heat  You weak nigga, I'll leave your blood spillin in the street Chorus [C]	Ayyo Journalist what you workin with? [J]	Old school burners with  	barrels big enough for you head to fit in the circle shit 	What you holdin Canibus? [Canibus] 30 bulllet banana clips Just to handle the kick I gotta glue it to my hands and shit We got permits to murder shit We critically injure niggaz who deserve the shit Put em in a tournaquet [Journalist] Bomb proof Suburbans with tractor-tread tires so we can ride through the dirt with it (drive over curbs with it) Merc in it, even over slippery surfaces we can swerve in it (And crash into niggaz who don't deserve they shit) Try stoppin the dudes, you gotta be bruised Cockin the tools that knock you out your socks and your shoes [Canibus] We'll leave you shoeless and keep shootin Look how much life liquid you losin You need a blood transfusion [Journalist] In the back of a medic truck, shots in your neck and gut while we holdin our weapons up, I'm still reppin' Philly - what? (Blood spillin in the streets!) The what? (Blood spillin in the streets!) (Blood spillin in the streets!) The what? (Blood spillin in the streets!) Chorus .. The what? .. The what? .. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Canibus Album: 2000 B.C./White Boys soundtrack * Song: Watch Who U Beef Wit Typed by: mamasuga@hmc.edu, OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash * soundtrack has a different beat and longer intro Chorus: Canibus Yo, you better watch who you beef wit You might be walkin down the street, then suddenly you hear tires screechin Niggaz'll be hoppin out with heat and throw you in the car seat and leave your lady standin there screamin The whole weekend, you get blindfolded and beaten Nose bleedin, gaspin for air, wheezin You got kidnapped and you don't even know the reason We even called your fam for ransom, they said, "Keep him" Watch who you beef wit [Canibus] .. yeah, it ain't no secret Talkin that street shit'll get you in some deep shit See, niggaz know who you be wit Where you be at, when you be gone, when you be back All of my niggaz got doctor degrees in thuggonometry We all know how to hold the heat properly And how to conduct an armed robbery for personal property and can go without food or water for 24 hours at least We fugitives, who ain't doin a bid, and shoot to live even if it means leavin you for dead Cause niggaz like you get scared, look for loopholes Pick the phone up and dial 9-uno-uno What happened to them crew of niggaz that you talk about? Them crew of niggaz that you never walk without? I know what happened; y'all heard about the double-action portable gatling and y'all don't wanna get blasted Chorus [Canibus] Aiyyo we run up in radio stations on some unannounced shit Catch the DJ off guard and roundhouse him Duct tape his mouth then, put a pound to his gut and force him to play five cuts off the up-and-comin album Just the way I planned it, niggaz'll start to panic Brains get hijacked like planes and crashlandin Bitch niggaz pray to the Lord; the black box  that was supposed to record the pilot's voice got destroyed So watch who you beef wit And watch who you suck your teeth at It'll probably be somethin you regret You get wet with horizontal rain droplets Miniature rockets, comin out barrels of metal objects Niggaz get shot in the face on the ground shakin like tectonic plates that cause earthquakes Now you got your grill in the ground, how that dirt taste? You shouldn't have started this shit in the first place Chorus [Canibus] Cause niggaz is comin to get you, ready to rip you with intercontinental ballistic missiles and pistols Put a red dot on your head like you Hindu then put a hole in you big enough to put my open fist through We could verbally diss you or we could get physical Whatever niggaz wanna do, we could do it too Cause you a sinner, I'm a sinner, we all sinners We rob niggaz for they presents at they barmitzvahs We rob niggaz for they body organs, and sold em to the highest bidders Things like hearts and livers One and a half million in cash when it's delivered Then go to Yom Kippur and beg for God to forgive us So you the type that, find violence real frightenin Or hold your crucifix tighter when shells is firin Sittin by your bed perspirin, tryin to crawl underneath it You need to watch who you beef wit Chorus [Canibus] Keep that low-down stinkin dirty motherfucker You need to watch who you beef wit You need to watch who you beef wit Yeah nigga, watch who you beef wit Watch who you beef wit The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Canibus f/ Rakim  Album: 2000 B.C.  Song: I'll Buss 'Em You Punish 'Em  Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash, wu-gambino@deathrowrecords2000.com [Canibus] Yeah, I'll buss 'em, and you punish 'em Uhh, yeah.. [C] Let me buss 'em [R] Naw, I'ma punish 'em [C] Ra, let me buss 'em [R] Naw, I'ma punish 'em [C] Naw, let me buss 'em [R] Naw, I'ma punish 'em [C] Come on Ra, let me buss 'em [R] Yo 'Bis, you can punish 'em [Canibus] Yo, yo.. Now on some battlin shit, my verbal lateral grip leeps my tongue glued to the A-Dat when I'm trackin' my shit Let my spit lubricate the chap on my lips And make you rappers have fits 'cause I'm back in the mix Fuck a pad and a pen, write rhymes on a IBM Ebonics is dead, the binary language is in Canibus practices in a room wit a thousand candles lit Meditatin on this rap shit Because my freestyle reigns sovereign wit a deeper conscience than the prophet Muhammad was born wit My brain cavity is enormous My left hemisphere alone harnesses all of the seven chakras While the right one harnesses darkness The type of dark that makes a house haunted The type of dark that niggaz get lost in The type of dark you fear when you dead in the coffin I hear you talkin, but I ignore it Cause it's garbage and your rhyme's borin  So keep standin on the corner the trash man'll collect you in the mornin Thug cats frontin, wacker than Blinky Blink  on the back of the Raptor wagon babblin about nothin  Fuck that, real Rugrats can get it on black Meet me at The Tunnel where pussy niggaz get mugged at So dark you never see the blood splat and you can't even react, cause the trunk is where you keep the guns at Now you on speed, cause you too scared to come back You can't even breathe, the weed suffocates your lung sacs Fake MC's haul ass like they runnin track  whereever Canibus or Rakim is at {*Chorus*} [C] Let me buss 'em [R] Naw, I'ma punish 'em [C] Naw, let me buss 'em [R] Naw, I'ma punish 'em [C] Ra, let me buss 'em [R] Naw, I'ma punish 'em [C] Naw, let me buss 'em [R] Naw, I'ma punish 'em [C] Naw, et me buss 'em [R] Naw, I'ma punish 'em [C] Ra, let me buss 'em [R] Naw, I'ma punish 'em [C] Naw, let me buss 'em [R] Naw, I'ma punish 'em [C] Come on Ra, let me buss 'em [R] Yo 'Bis, let me punish 'em [Rakim] Be ready and at your best, the +Celebrity+ +Match+ of +Death+ Heart snatched through your chest, cardiac arrest Crack your neck while I break your arms, catch your breath Then I asked the ref, "How many cats is left?" One on one, who challengin? Come get did All I have is a pen and punish you kids Abdomen punctured and look what I done to his wig Wanna live then I stab 'em in the lung with his rib Every word I say detach a vertebrae from your spine Rematch wherever we meet at, any place anytime Get your snot-box smashed with a nine, smacked with a rhyme Push your forehead to the back of your mind Try to explain, what it's like seein your brain Your insane, whose gonna ID the remains? And then I reincarnate 'em, and kill 'em again Again and again, again and again, c'mon {*Chorus*} [Canibus] Yo, yo, yo we started the battle with a grapple The nigga had long hair so I grabbed a handful and chopped him in the Adam's apple His partner in back of you tried to attack you So I'ma twist 'em up like a pret-zel then I'ma tag you [Rakim] I'm on some stone cold shit, warn your whole click Cartilage gettin torn until the whole bone split Who wanna spit, bang 'em quick, strangle 'em wit his lip Try to flip, leave his body danglin by his hip [Canibus] Ra, you left him danglin I can't believe he tryin to grapple again I swing him around like I'm dancin wit him Put his arms in back of his head and snapped him again Fractured his limbs and put him in the figure 6 subtracted from 10 [Rakim] Seven birds make 'em swerve 'til they vision is blurred Turn cats that souped from superb to nerds Just say the word, I'll leave your DNA on the curb and stick my dick in your ear - and fuck what you heard [C] Let me finish 'em [R] Nah, its time to pin 'em [C] Ra, lemme finish 'em  [R] Nah, I'ma pin 'em [C] Nah, Lemme finish 'em [R] Nah, it's time to pin 'em [C] C'mon, Ra, lemme finish 'em [R] Nah 'Bis, I'ma put it in 'em The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Canibus Album: 2000 B.C. Song: Mic-Nificent Typed by: Elgreco48@aol.com [Canibus] Yo, sittin on chrome, sittin on low pro 20 inch firestones Grippin the road with the wickedest flow, 'Bis is a pro I zigzag throughout sly loam Accelerate and decelerate in and out the cones  Poisonous poems travel through walkman headphones Into your dome Osteoperosis your bones, Who's the nicest nigga you know in the year two triple-oh  Spit turn to icicles in the mid air and slit your throat Drain your carcass dry rip out your heart bitch I write rhymes using your blood for my ink cartridges Paleoanthropologists, polish the bones  of rapper artist after I dip in my hydrochloric waters Canibus, with the seams burstin, perfect Everyday the earth spins I write verses My soul purpose as a verbalist, is to make my words twist  and connect like letters when they're in cursive Chorus: repeat 4X I'll pray on them, spray on them First nigga to violate I'll regulate without warning [Canibus] Yo, Yo, I'm faster than leopards running across the vast desert  In twenty-two yards per second to catch me to daily delicatessen  With thirty minutes to eat'em, forty minutes to digest 'em  And fifty minutes for it to pass through my intestines  So ask yourself a question - can the Canibus rhyme?  Is a fuckin porcupine half swine?  No time to make up your mind, you wanna run or die? Clip you while you're running by, trip you up from behind  My rhymes, confuse niggas like somebody try to gang-bang  wearin a blue shirt and red pants,  throwin up signs with their left hand  Standin out on the corner of wetlands  with a confederate flag for a headband  God dam eggplants, niggas gettin me vexed man  Cause I'm surrounded by garbage like Fred Sav  and I can't seem to get away from it  I dreamed that I stabbed Leviathan through the stomach, and ate from it In my past life I slayed hundreds, and in the life before that  I played trumpets, to warn you that I was comin There's one billion ways to die, and I already tried  nine-hundred million nine hundred and ninety nine  When I aim and fire my rhymes, like a hundred cannon balls flying  Striking you one at a time, in a parallel line  Why the art of emceein is steady dyin That nigga Canibus is still in his prime, bust a rhyme Chorus: repeat 4X I'll pray on them, spray on them First nigga to violate I'll regulate without warning [Canibus] Club Dodge, I wrecked that Limelight, cursed that Envy, I murdered that Club SoHo, never heard of that Wetlands, dried it up Cheaters, decided to club, fired up looking for a chicken to tie up Club New York, I heard it's hot there beats be rocking there Too many niggaz be getting stabbed and shot there Speed, I slowed it down The Tunnel, they hold it down Home of the underground, why they always close it down Century club, the hot shit House of Blues, I rocked it One twelve ATL, that's the Dirty South bomb shit Synagogue, yeah I be there Caribbean City, roll deep there Lyricist Lounge, they be some real emcees there there there {*fades out*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Canibus f/ Journalist Album: 2000 B.C. Song: Die Slow Typed by: swizzruler@home.com [Canibus] Yo (Die Slow) Yea (Die Slow) Ya niggas better..(Die Slow) Uh (Die Slow) All you can do is (Die Slow) nigga (Die Slow) (Die Slow) 4x All you can do is die (Slow) Yea (Die Slow) 2x Fuck ya'll (Die Slow) 2x Die Slow nigga (Die Slow) (Canibus) Yo You against me.. No contest My tongue hydraulics Strong enough to flip a 64 impala with 3 adult passengers  and a 4 hundred pound driver And drown you in less than an ounce of your own saliva Rubberface rappers get, stretched like elastic Claymation characters wit verbal vernacular Slappin' ya, like a white water rafter Or a Olympic kayaker, paddlin' across the Niagara My afterburners'll be burnin' you after Ya' body already been splashed with acid And you turn to ashes Assassins camouflauged in the grass blastin' Leavin' blood all over ya' lady like Jackie O'Nassis I'll fly ya' body outta Dallas Perform plastic surgery while we airborne and switch caskets Then lie to the masses I'll tell'em that you got murdered over some East West beef, between rappers Radio stations'll express they sadness Play classics back to back and pass out "Stop The Violence" pamphlets Just imagine, every night ya' girls fuckin' ya' best friend While you in hell throwin' tantrums I'll be lampin' in a mansion somewhere out in the Hamptons Givin' some pretty ass bitch a spankin' Nigga you can't win I'm laughin' cause you a has been You'll never get ya' groove back So don't even bother askin', Angela Bassett You'll just get ya' ass kicked Get ya' head chopped off and dropped in a basket My left arms taken but my right ones free That means I could diss another muthafuckin' emcee Wit rhymes that appear clearer than liquid crystal My lyrical is more visual than television screen pixels I fire pistols, hit you wit' minature missles Riddle ya' body wit' holes then watch the blood sprinkle Ya probably had no idea what you was gettin' into On the mic, Can-I-Bus is invincible Fuck you (CONVO 1) ("Die Slow" through out the convo) Hey Yo that nigga got an attitude Yeah he be actin rude And he's always trynna' battle you That last album was terrible When he's on the radio he never got a clean mouth Yeah everytime he freestyles, his words be gettin' bleeped out You got the album? Naw I heard it was weak You got the album? I said it was weak But the shit don't come out till next week Hey Yo I like the nigga's beats Yo that shit be comin' bugged out Hey Yo that nigga Bis dumbs out He waited too long to come out............ (Journalist) To you bitch niggas who talk alot But walk the block, in halter tops Left side of ya chest, mark the spot That's where a nigga put it, when i'm hooded Then fill you up wit big bullets Prepare you for some channel 6 footage Know what is, Me and Bis, runnin' through ya courtyard Creepin' wit a four-five and reachin for ya door knob Throw a gun under ya chin, see how quick your whore rise One shot could have a short slide, right out the North side Your whole flow is porkrine Spit the small oints I'm nasty, but my small joints grip the bar point Drop on top of the blue line..right beside the red one Keep the flow fairsome, 'till the day my career done Bring it to ya ass if you the challengin type Especially those, surroundin' the mic Sound of the light To the Journ, ya'll ain't no suitable spitters True to you niggas Lay you out on MD's, recoupin' ya liver Shoutin' my name,  Ya best to control the noise soldier boy Or homicide will be all over you poys with Polaroids (CONVO 2) ("Die Slow" through out the convo) Yea, yo that nigga Journalist gets busy yo I heard he's from Philly yo I seen him in Bis video He's so skinny tho' Now he's rollin' wit Canibus? I don't even understand his shit That nigga sounds like an amaetur Yo i heard Jay manage him Yo he got some heavy gold shit Man, that's some old shit Yea yo the niggas that he roll wit' probably let 'em hold it He got alotta Benji's - no he don't! Everytime I see him in the back of The Source, he look dingy! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Canibus f/ Panama P.I. Album: 2000 B.C. Song: Doomsday News Typed by: kcap45@hotmail.com, OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Yo, yo.. If I had half as many bars in gold as I had in lyrics when I flowed I'd be the richest man on the globe Niggaz wanna know is Canibus gold? That's a stupid-ass question motherfucker, is Canada cold? Bout a thousand degrees lower than liquid nitro is Five thousand degrees hotter than flame throwers I reflect light, bounce off walls and wreck mics Disconnect your windpipe by cuttin your neck with a knife Rip through, everything from tissues to blood vessels My ninjitsu, kill you with the art of Tenchu I zig zag, zig crushin a kid With G-forces violent enough to crush your ribs like pilots that fly Russian MIG Comin to punish you pigs Give a fuck who you is; nigga, Canibus in ya biz From the lowest point in the planet to Mt. Everest I kick the illest shit, spray-paintin my name across the pyramids The rap terrorist, Professor Emeritus Fuck forbidden fruit I was eating pussy in Genesis Chorus: Panama P.I. What you got niggaz that's ready to brawl? I'll give you the phone card and the celly to make a call What the fuck y'all bitch niggaz actin like y'all tuff for? We'll stuff y'all, uppercut y'all, confront y'all On stage we break arms, legs, backs and jaws Enough damage to cancel your tour (Fuck y'all!) [Canibus] Now I said it once and I'll say it a thousand times I got thousands of rhymes, the rechargeable alkaline kind You wanna a piece of mind? Fine, we can take it outside Otherwise you're wastin your time, cause I'ma shine  for the one-triple-9, niggaz gamblin damage they eyes Goin blind, tryin to keep up with these lyrical lines The type of nigga you can't flow behind without a dope rhyme You fuck around and get clotheslined til you nosedive We can rhyme fair and square or fair in the sphere Anyplace, anywhere, you niggaz don't have a prayer Cause doomsday is near, faggot niggaz is scared They stand and stare as I appear upon a cushion of air With a long white beard flamin, hot enough to sunburn Satan Hotter than white people takin vacation out in Jamaica out in the sun bathin;  sun bakin in gamma ray radiation til they skin color look cajun Motherfuckers start agin to the point where they faces shrivel up like raisins and they become cancer patients Chorus [Canibus] Yo, yo, yo.. I manipulate the metaphysical power to hold my breath for half an hour Continuously breathin outward; you ain't an MC you a coward I make wack rappers lose control of they bladders  and piss in they trousers Pink pussy possum niggaz play dead While my heat waves hit, and verbal x-rays evaporate shit Water molecules get transformed to vapors My lyrics turn the Pacific into a dry lakebed Electromagnetic cassettes melt tape decks Niggaz battle in space; tryin to hold it down  but they can't cause they weightless Amateur swordsmen gets stabbed through they face mask trying to escape death A world where the whole globe will contract Ebola from drinkin spring water darker than Coca-Cola Human with AIDS, computers with Y2K I rock rhymes counter-clockwise until doomsday Fuck y'all, fuck y'all, fuck y'all The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Canibus Album: 2000 B.C. Song: Lost @ 'C' Typed by: obi1one@hotmail.com, OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Verse 1] Yo, yo, yo Now when you see that big ass 'C', you know I'm comin through And when you know I'm comin through, you know what I'ma do I never said that battlin me, would be impossible I just think it's highly motherfuckin improbable You talkin to a nigga that can split molecules to subatomic particles, strong enough to stop a bull Body-slam two oxes and drop a mule Urinatin rocket fuel, freestylin over gospel tunes Rhymes by the thousands, rhymes for hours I could kick a rhyme longer than your whole album The kickboxer, beatin the shit out niggaz proper I beat 'em till they holla, beat 'em til the cops come Beatin niggaz til they have seizures, beat 'em til they start screamin like fax machines when they start receivin Beat 'em til my own hands start bleedin Beat 'em til they lungs stop breathin and they heart stop beatin From 12 A.M. to 12 P.M. in the evenin With three 15 minute breaks in between 'em Good Jesus, that's a real West Indian beatin That's what you get for fuckin with this lyrical demon My bloodstream's been, contaminated for eons I got cast out of heaven for treason Got cast out of the Garden of Eden  for lettin the reptilian beast in Got locked up for a DUI and speedin A whole legion of half-decent emcees'll get released when they spit a hundred bars for they freedom See I'm much too nice to compete wit Too nice to flow over beats wit, too nice to hold a M-I-C wit Off some diesel Hercules shit, I cold flip and start to punch trees til they leafless Inhale with two real deep breaths, hold my breath til the whole planet suffocates and then release it (RELEASE IT) Chorus: Canibus Yo, you ain't as cold as us, or as bold as us When you get thrown to the wolves, you get thrown to us Cuz we rollin rough, when the soldiers rush Either you roll wit us, or get blown to dust  Yo, you ain't as cold as us, or as bold as us When we in the war-zone, we got the chrome with us Cuz we rollin rough, when the soldiers rush Either you roll wit us, or get blown to dust (Ashes to ashes, and dust to dust!) [Verse 2] Yo, yo Now for the last couple of months, things been real quiet cause I ain't heard shit worth buyin I'm bout to show you niggaz how I'm driven The drive comes from my lyrics  and my lyrics come from my inner spirit Vibratin and spinnin, faster than 12-cylinder engines  with nitrogen in 'em, faster than F-1 McLaren pistons Fast enough to give your brain an aneurysm cause you niggaz is slower than fat bitches metabolism The way I rip apart the competition when I be spittin The name Canibus might as well be Cannibalism Show me a man that can't feel him I'll show you a man that'll grab him by the neck and put his head to the fan on the ceilin Suffer real "Banned From Television" shit Drop him off the roof of a buildin and let the news film him I hop in front of the cameras and tell 'em how I'm feelin I tell 'em how I feel that hip-hop, should deal wit it Tell 'em how I'm tired of the state rappers in Ninety percent of the shit that rappers kick is subject matter-less Not original, but blasphemous, just a bunch of the same characters shootin the same videos, it's embarassin Usin the same formulas to have a hit Usin the same actors and actresses, same shit different laxative Face it nigga you wack as shit I'm snatchin your mic I make you run for your life, chill durin the daylight then track you at night, my global position is satellite Got a infrared lens to test your body's fahrenheit Wherever you go, I track you through hail, sleet, or snow I track you til you're seizure grows into a afro until you plant 'em into cornrows Track you til your shoe soles develop holes and you get, corns on your toes til your teeth develop halitosis but you been goin so long without deodorant you don't even notice -- motherfucker! Chorus 2X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Canibus Album: 2000 B.C. Song: Phuk U Typed by: swizzruler@home.com Phuk..U (4x) Ok Phuk..U (4x) (Verse 1) Yo, yo Ayo, nobody can flow wit Bis  Rock a show wit bis Or go toe to toe wit Bis None of yall can co-exist We livin in an Ice Age and its cold as shit 100,000 dollar price range, niggas is frozen stiff All I know is this  My felt tip hotter than hell get 186 thousand miles per sec can melt flesh Give a nigga a tan Aerosol cans expand and explode in my hand While I promote that new Canibus jam Niggas feel it underground wit stalactites hangin from the ceiling I'm out on tour wit 30 city trips Every state its like bitches be bulimic for dicks Screamin the chorus Half unconscious I hold my cordless Smoke the most enormous trees in the rain forest While the people go insane for us I pierce a cloud and make it rain on us Break the equipment and tell the engineer that I aint payin for it I freestyle the whole set Kickin a hundred bars, nigga fuck who's on next Fuck you! Chorus 1 - Phuk.. U.. (2x) Ok    Phuk.. U.. (4x) Ok (Verse 2) -Fuck- them extra niggas that's always around you  -Fuck- niggas that talk about you and try to clown you -Fuck- niggas you run into that never did nuttin' for you -Fuck- niggas thats lyin tellin people they discovered you -Ok, Fuck- niggas that're jealous cause you nicer than them Don't give a -fuck- who you offend you gotta fight till the end If you -fuck- a groupie chicken when you out on tour  Smoke a little bit of weed wit her then -fuck- her some more Tell her to bring three friends so you can -fuck- all four Menage-a-trois, what the -fuck- she expect you a dog Almighty god blessed you wit a dick and two balls So if you like to -fuck- pussy that don't mean that you wrong Unless you -fuck- it raw dog I -fuck- a nappy dug out Bust in her mouth Kick her the -fuck- out  She'll cuss me out, like... (Repeat chorus 1) (Verse 3) Yo, yo Ya superstar status don't mean shit to me Lyrically sucker emcees still get frequency Try to dis me now  How you sound? Yo, whoever signed you must be runnin the circus cuz you a clown You a rapper wit a drug habit, hidin the truth Camoflaugin ya needle tracks wit some colorful tattoos You was never equipped for this  Never equipped to spit wit Bis I'm swift as shit Let me point out the main differences You magnificent I'm mic-nificent Yo, i'd even go out on a limb wit it Say you write a little bit  That don't make you a tight lyricist Cause you don't practice or stick with it Look at the 60 hour shifts I spend wit this I never quit, I got a gift for the art A low maintenance cost No physical movin parts In '98, niggas thought I was God How the fuck did that change I'm still one of the illest niggas in the game So look inside yourself and tell me what you see If you see a hungry nigga then you lookin at me And its aight if you don't trust me Cause I don't trust you  As a matter of fact I'll probably bust you Motherfucker, Fuck you Chorus 2 - Ok, Phuk.. U.. (4x)    Ok, Phuk.. U.. (4x) Ok.. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Canibus f/ Pharoahe Monch Album: 2000 B.C. Song: Horsemen Typed by: Nature2QBC@aol.com [Pharoahe Monch] Yo yo The sheer fuckin assemblin of these fo' niggas rekindling war Seek the Horsemen, we walk the planet Earth on all four's Cause your empire to Fall like the season before winter Don't get beside yourself like clone twins in the placenta Assassinate the mayor through time-travel The assignment: to reduce all molecules and pass through solid confinement The only way you could flooowww *slows down* iiisss iiifff I liquidize your rhyme Consequently blowin by me crystalizin your mind The government assigned sentinals for Horsemen elimination Claimin we were mutants of artificial insemenation Lost my limbs to bomb shrapnel But through cell regeneration the blood accelerates at twice the speed Peep the vindication indeed Think tank full when you blink, think syncronicity  Rob three banks at the same time through Multiplicity shine PLEASE!!! These four niggas combine alone Bringin a nation of MC's to their knees wit ease Seige a soldier and hold men for ransom Stop procreation, chop they cocks off so they can't come Block off a forty mile radius, bomb your fanbase Seeds to abnormally born and scorn wit a man's face Indeed watch the moon bleed, we lead by example Loop my life in time, stretch it in a nine like a sample [Canibus] (Horsemen) We rock quadropeds (Horsemen, enforce men) Chop off your fuckin head (We the Horsemen, enforce men) Leave you all dead then we eat your car-cus  (The Horsemen) I'm a Horseman (enforce men) I'm a Horseman (The Horsemen) I'm a Horseman (The forcemen) WE THE HORSEMEN! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Canibus f/ Killah Priest, Kurupt, Ras Kass Album: 2000 B.C.  Song: Horsementality Typed by: Nature2QBC@aol.com, OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Ras]	The beginnin of the end niggaz! [Can]	Yeah, we gon' rock this shit forever 	The alpha and the omega 	The Canibus'll make your eyes redder 	FUCK y'all niggaz talkin bout cheddar [Ras]	Brought to you by your millennium group, The Horsemen [Can]	Four swordsmen [Ras]	From the land of the lost [Can]	Ras Kass, Killah Priest and Kurupt wit Can-i-bus 	Throw your 4's up or get your vocal cords cut MOTHERFUCKER  [Both]	Wavin the four-four! [Kurupt] I'm headless nigga, but I packs a big piece Blastin, they let assassins loose on the street Murderous notes I wrote, I lacerate throats I toss fire at niggaz; motherfuck the six The condos is supposed to be flip bricks All thirty-nine of your bitches, pretty-ass bitch nigga  I'll throw some fucked up kicks on Next is a small tank top, the spot, shot it up Beat you in your face wit a rope knotted up Cause we don't give a fuck, the Headless Horseman Kurupt See I'm off the wall nigga, Horsementality I'm a Horseman nigga and that's all I'll be See I'm tired of the sparkly shit, niggaz talkin shit I wanna see the streets dark again Let the heaters spark again, police callin all cars often Powerful as a motherfuckin Vulcan My specialty is - poetically lyrically energetically  ultramagnetically Dogg Pound pedigree Fuck the shiny shit, fuck a bitch, only grimy shit Dirty shit, holocaust in thirty-thirty shit Missile flick assassin Sicilian Kill women and kill men, and kidnap children For vengeance in the name of the Horsemen Slice your Achilles tendon, the Headless Horseman And we abide by, the code of the streets The makings of a real MC (C...C...C...C) yeah bitch! [Canibus] So just abide by what you ride by cause we abide, by what we ride by Just abide by what you ride by cause we abide, by what we ride by [Killah Priest] What the fuck y'all done started; four apocalypic prophets Appearin outta floatin objects, wearin Middle Eastern garments Long trenchcoats with our hands in our pockets Slappin all you scary-ass rap artists, half-retarded Swear by our forefathers Anything you speak, think, or show will be disregarded Then I drag your frightened ass through the darkness Bring you out the other side, as a carcas I'm heartless, regardless if y'all claim to be Gods or Goddess To me, y'all all garbage; I see all of y'all as movin targets and my lyrics be the atomic rockets, cosmic vomic - spittin Hittin at y'all Vietnam vets wit military arms and bombs strapped to our chest Castin meteor storms and comets Now who wanna make the next ras comment and be the first one left unconcious? After I squeeze your head like the Charmin Fuck around and see a lightning bolt around your throat and squeeze till your head smoke from all the electric volts Satanically sacrifice your ass like an occult Have your seance inside of a dark synogogue We was lyrically sent to y'all like the Men of God to put a end to y'all I sniff bites like dogs to get the scent of y'all Horsemen, we be scorchin when we be walkin with the power to put a graveyard inside a coffin [Ras Kass] Let's air it out like the breeze Now watch me do one-armed handstands  and hang these N-U-T's over seven continents and seven seas Streets is Lebanese Be rockin Bulgari wrist watches and sniper marines Most of these MC's can't even rap, just model and go gold and get big-headed like they swallowin colleges I spit empty gravesites, rap stars fill 'em up You what? Thirty, forty years old and still wack as fuck Me? I ain't even in my prime When I write my dopest rhyme, Western civilization declines Catch me hoppin off the A train in a New York state of mind But I rep Westside, so I keep L.A. time That's a three-hour difference; so when my bitch is a six, she's really a nine In seven days, she'd still be a dime Call me Blaze Skywalker hittin jugular veins Crack open your skull wit a paper weight and suck out your brains Kiddo, I be doin my thug-thizzo for shizzo And the wife of a careless man is almost a widow so what's happening, from P.I. to '99 Madden Since police be jackin blacks, I talk to pigs in Pig Latin: Uck-fay ou-yay itch-bay at-lay a-igga-nay-play,  and free Keith Mur-ray (Horsemen) [Canibus] Yo, yo, yo I kick a verse at six-hundred and sixty-six meghertz Make lightnin flash across the sky everytime I curse Six-hundred and sixty-six flashes Give out six-hundred and sixty-six lashes to the backs of six-hundred and sixty-six Master of Ceremony has-beens Put a crown of thorns on whoever the king of rap is If he's a *Catholic* I nail him to a crucifix then I beat him till he's blackish-blueish Then perform acupuncture wit six-hundred and sixty-six toothpicks Beat em with two whips; with pieces of broken glass glued to it Your whole crew get spayed and neutered As soon as I aim and shoot it, you get sprayed with bullets Your armored cars and your kevlar vest, is useless I'ma fuck all of you pussies like group sex You get six-hundred and sixty-six years imprisonment for bitin off another nigga's shit, you bitch You got caught, now you on the other side of the law Snitchin on mad niggaz in a soundproof court to get some of your sentence knocked off (nah nigga) you wildin but you still be in Riker's Island gettin forced to toss salads You scared of that, wit a phobia fear of that I'ma tape it on the digital video DAT and send a copy to Miramax - leave you exposed Turn all the fiction to fact, so everybody will know you a sucker-ass nigga, father-fuckin ass nigga that got fucked in the ass by your father figure (No matter who?) I'll bruise and bash you, blast you Autograph you wit a bullet wound for a tattoo Deliverin mind blowin rhymes and poems  Controllin my tongue when I'm flowin like pilot controlled Boeings When I get bitten, I bite back, Quicker than Tyson attacks I don't give a FUCK if I don't get my license back So, take caution The Four Horsemen'll chop your head off wit a sword then gallop Northward MC's take caution The Four Horsemen'll chop your head off wit a sword then gallop Northward motherfuckers; yeah So just abide by, what your ride by cause we abide by, what we ride by Just abide by, what your ride by cause we abide by what we ride by, HA! [All] Wavin the four-four! All you heard was "Priest, don't hit me no more" Wavin the four-four! All you heard was "Bis, don't hit me no more" Wavin the four-four! All you heard was "Ras, don't hit me no more" Wavin the four-four! Aiyyo Kurupt, hit them niggaz wit the hardcore! [Kurupt] Yeah nigga, I'm headless without thoughts with my motherfuckin arms crossed I transform from a Dogg to a Horse Took over the whole race course to throw the jockey off the saddle Now who the fuck really wanna battle? Got me a pistol, launch it off like a missle Let it whistle, they fall fuckin round wit the Dogg I'm a hog.. {*fades beyond audio*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Canibus Album: 2000 B.C. Song: 100 Bars Typed by: ewong@syr.edu Yeah!!! That's the beat right there. I'm about to black out with 100 bars on some professional shit. So don't try this at home, yo. Yo, yo, yo My style of rhymin is ancient like Aztecs and Mayans Because I recognize its all about timin Me and my freestyle alliance practicin African voodoo science In front of 20 ft. bonfires lookin skyward Calculating May 5, 2000 the nine planets'll be in alignment The arrival of the prophet in the cockpit Of a starship the size of the Hale-Bopp comet With mercury ion rockets And a big ass "Canibus comin soon" poster on the side of it I'm known geographically and intergalactically That's why I got extraterrestrials that wanna battle me They even tried kidnappin me And they would've snatched me If their craft didn't get trapped in the Earth's gravity Engines stalled and failed. Crashed into a farmer's field And that's really what caused Roswell Undercover operatives workin for COM 12 Disguised as a nigga signed with a record deal Lyrically I'm off scale So all hail or get tossed towards Hell, whatever y'all feel Briusin niggas, confusin niggas like Chip Fu from the Fu-Schnickens Hit you with nuclear cruiser missiles Hear the wild wolf growl Styles stockpiled for miles from the ground to the clouds Wack niggas wanna be down but its not allowed Interrupt the cipher unannounced and you'll get punched in the mouth With the southpaw southern fist I'll bust your shit. Swell your lip and get the Bubba shrimp Back the tougher shit. What a wimp You giant Goliath. Niggas get shot with a rubber sling I'm an experiment gone bad. My brainwaves on an encephalograph show that I'm stark ravin mad Your whole scientific staff'll get killed in a nuclear blast When I throw the formula stashed in my hand Flammable liquids in the lab explode And you get stabbed with all the flyin glass Trained to blow up commercial aircrafts Trained in chemical weapons class Just to see how long a nigga's breath'll last I put him in a leather mask Spray his ass with a can of pepper gas Then watch him grab his neck and gag Watch the nigga choke to death as I laugh "You wanna battle?" is the type of question you should never ask Nigga, pick a tougher task. See who the fuck'll last Whoever lose'll get a solderin iron up the ass You need to recognize My hand is quicker than the eye Quicker than the 5 speed Jamiroquai drives A lifespan longer than 9 lives. Infinite rhymes that can't die A nigga with a divine mind I dedicate this to the wise. Dedicate it to dames Dividin myself into 100 ten times You can't deny the offerin's an offer Flows that glow with aurora's the spark of light Water fly like a saucer With the torque of a Porsche Murder a million MCs then autograph all of their coffins Been gettin it on since I been born and I'm a live long And I'm a be gettin it on till I'm gone Look at all the stages I been on. All the songs that I spit on I took an oath to rip everything I get on A nigga like me should have Carpal Tunnel syndromes In the wristbones from grippin microphones this long I'm just a small fish in a big pond And gets pissed off whenever I gets picked on Nigga try to flip and get flipped on My army march a million strong Like the nation of Islam with suede timbs on Extremely hostile Fully armed troops dressed in frog suits and night vision goggles A lyrical lynch mob Shittin on niggas drawn to a hideous form with horns and a mink on Duckin down low like Vietnam fightin the Vietcong Screamin "incomin" when I see a bomb Speak to your leader. Surrender your arms You need about a million more soldiers to even the odds Plus 800,000 to even consider a war And 200,000 more to even look hard You better drop your flag and withdraw My cavalry charge accompanied by a blizzard of wicked metaphors And smash y'all. Attach y'all to the back of my horse And drag y'all across the motherfuckin asphalt 9 out of 10 niggas is frauds You know who you are always talkin about your bitches and your cars Your jewelry and your girls. It's like we from two different worlds You motherfuckers really get on my nerves Cause I'm beyond them, on some futuristic cyborg shit I close my eyes when I freestyle so I could read what picture crossed in Then raise my arms like a sorcerer and cast a fireball into the audience To barbecue your brain organs You feel like you've been thrown in a microwave oven I flame broil suckers and hit 'em with some more shit The raw shit. Call my reinforcements, the four horsemen Take a big piece of chalk and draw a line across the stage pulpit I dare a motherfucker to cross it I'll even call my man Black Rob at two in the mornin Tell him it's important. Tell him to call Sting 3 way and sing a chorus Break your camcorders so you motherfuckers can't record it Call the news, I'll kill your reporters Start a lawsuit, I'll kill your lawyers Fuck the soft shit and fuck what y'all think My album's gold cause my album was the bomb, shit Y'all niggas got your ass beat cause you asked for it Got your picture taken and put in a tabloid Cause you a man and you like to touch little boys You fuck 'em in the ass, then you give 'em cash for it That's some sick shit homeboy A hundred years ago, they'd have took you to see Sigmund Freud You fraudulent. Feminine. Fragile as a feather is With an effortless blow, I'll crack your whole skeleton You think you're better than Canibus, where's the evidence? You got below average intelligence and poor penmanship You need to shut the fuck up cause your breath stink Take fifty cents and purchase a pack of peppermints Battlin me you never win You thought you was the only nigga that could sneak a weapon in? Nigga guess again Cause after I'm finished wreckin this shit I'm a drink a whole bottle of Henney and go fuck a lesbian The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Canibus Album: 2000 B.C. Song: Chaos Typed by: Nature2QBC@aol.com, swizzruler@home.com [Verse 1] *acapella* Yo yo yo Now ain't nobody fuckin wit the mastermind I'm like Einstein, a hundred and fifty times magnified Nicola Tesla an', Jon Von Neuman All wrapped up in the body in one human I rhyme the tightest, shine the brightest I blind the optic fibers in anybody's iris When it comes to rappin, I'll smash your ass Whether you Latin, Black or Anglo-Saxon I'll smack you wit a backhand That crack your back like chiropractors after lookin at your catscan In between albums, I've become a masked man like Batman And stalk my own rap fans I'm like a madman fightin a war Throwin lightning rods, swingin lightning swords Blow you away wit a force that'll leave your body lost Gone, nothin to mourn, nothin to do a autopsy on I rock till I can't rock no more Till I can't get no mothafuckin props no more Till they boo me on stage when I'm out on tour Till 2000 B.C. ain't hot no more I'm a dragon wit the head of a lion, jaws be like saws grindin Claws rip through walls of cast iron I slap fire outta hoodlum, pull out steel and start shootin I clap iron like Duke Nukeum Try to attack 'Bis, you get your face stomped  Flatter than a compact disc wit black Timbs Flatter than a Yankee baseball cap rim Flatter than the knife *Jigga* stabbed Un wit If you the first nigga that laugh I'll blow you in half  The first nigga to talk trash I'ma blow you in half The first nigga to show your ass I'll blow you in half The first time'll be your last Cuz I'ma blow you in half [Verse 2] Yo check it *beat comes in* I destroy your whole city block when I'm ready to rock Blow the speaker box, magnetically shielded or not Magnetically energy poppin gates of radio waves Oscilate lyrics and beats copulate to pop your tape Manipulatin space in large proportions Millions of brain organs get lost when I start talkin About shit like supernatural forces Gnomes and theories and superstring theories Most of you mothafuckers barely  Even understand the English language, much less think clearly When I die, will I go to Heaven or Hell Or will I end up in a place called the Van Allen Belt I researched my roots, lookin for proof The best place to hide a lie is between two truths The aftermath of a nuclear blast  When the average death sentence becomes a dead paragraph I dig a 5 by 9 rectangle in the grass Reach your epitab and bury your ass As the coffin gets lowered into the ground slowly I'll sing all of your greatest hits, oldies on karaoke Chorus 2x The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Canibus Album: C True Hollywood Stories Song: U Didn't Care * Typed by: bootleg210@msn.com * Canibus is rapping as Stan from Eminem's song "Stan" You.. didn't, care about me And now this is how it has to be I was lost, but now I am free I'm happy cuz I found a family [Verse 1] Whattup Em', it's ya biggest fan It's not even necessary to introduce who I am by now, cuz we're good friends Remember the letter I wrote, before Atlanta on Up In Smoke That's the day I was gonna cut ya throat I guess my watch was broke -- cuz by the time I woke I seen my watch was twelve hours late and I missed the show But none the less I'm glad that I finally reached you Ever since the accident I've been dying to speak to you To tell you things have changed, and I'm a different man A different level of understanding, I'm a different Stan Things are a lot better, I promise I won't harrass you with any letters Saying shit like "We should be together" I may reach and start a group The industry's full of homosexuals Slim, but I don't wanna fuck you I got a new attitude, really, I ain't mad at you I just wanted you to recognize I got talent too [Verse 2] When I say talented, I don't mean battle kid I mean storytellin, kinda like how ya album is I been attendin counselin and takin medicine They did some tests on me at NIH in Maryland They showed me techniques to help me pressure whenever I remember that crazy night when I was being reckless Drivin with a deathwish, on the bridge and I crashed into a Lexus Right before I finished that last sentence I was listenin to Xzibit's album "Restless" The next thing I knew I was under water and breathless I was unconscious for a second, literally dying to go to heaven till some fellas came and pulled me from the wreckage They started CPR, then they called the paramedics In retrospect I probably shoulda used a gun to end it By the time the car sunk My pregnant girlfriend was still in the trunk and I was still feelin kinda drunk The ambulance came and they put me on the stretcher Hooked me up to the IV and checked my blood pressure One of them was so concerned that they wouldn't leave He hopped in the back of the ambulance and rolled up some weed My vision was blurry, I couldn't really see I just remember his voice talking to me In the emergency room, I needed surgery to get some glass removed and fifty stitches for my wooze [Verse 3] After a couple months of therapy, I figured I was as ready as I'd ever be - I wanted to be an emcee He took me to shows wit him, he let me flow wit him He let me write some rhymes and go on tour wit him I really believed in him, I decided to team wit him And now I'm overseas wit him, gettin cheese wit him And I'm emceein wit him, I'm havin the best time of my life And I'm writin the best rhymes of my life He introduces me to people as his lyrical equal Let me write a rhyme on his album and even produce a beat too He ain't see-through, I can't see him frontin He's not the type to call you, just because he needs somethin That's what I like about him, I wouldn't want to rock a mic without him He's got kahunas and he's not a coward Matta fact, I think he met you It was the day you came to his video shoot with DJ, Jimmy's nephew 'Clef stepped to him and told him he should step to you That you was ghost writin for L, but that wasn't true You was lookin at him the same way I'm lookin at you Why can't we be friends Em', I don't want nothin from you You see there's a little bit of Stan in all of us Tell me where you think all of these record sales sparred from Talkin 'bout Britney and Christina Aguilera Nsync too, have you ever looked in a mirror? Your hair ain't really blonde, and ya eyes ain't blue So never diss me, cuz when you diss me your dissin you.. See.. See what happens when you don't care The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Canibus Album: C True Hollywood Stories Song: The Rip Off Typed by: bootleg210@msn.com {crowd chanting} Can-i-bus, Can-i-bus, Can-i-bus Can-i-bus, Can-i-bus, Can-i-bus [2x] [Hook: 2x] Can I rip it? (Yes you can!) Can I rip it? (Yes you can!) Can I rip it? (Yes you can!) Well I'm gone (Ohhhhhh!) [Verse 1] Yo, my brain races to create these lyrical mosaics like paintings To me record store and art galleries are merely the same thing I feel like I'm Rembrandt and my man Van Gogh is amazin Canibus is not some average rap patron, have patience I went through changes, not being with the majors and all 'Til my man Louie Lombard gave me a call and talked about some other way to cake off I thought hmmm.. I could make more, he said "Sure" "I could put you in about three thousand stores, and get at least fifty thousand orders" "Maybe more 'Bus, who knows your fanbase is emormous" Well of course, look who I've toured with; Wyclef I didn't sell twenty million cuz it wasn't my time yet I'm satisfied with the line up I rhyme with Kool G Rap, Pharoahe Monch, and Rakim Including future superstars I've worked with thus far Like Free, from 106 and Park You need to understand somethin; 'Bus is raw Raw to the floor, raw like reservoirs, Auger mechanical mandible jaws, split you in half Addicted to rippin jackers, but I rip a jackass Before we battle, there's two questions I have to ask Are you carrying any firearms, and did you pack your bags? Cool, cuz I'ma make you feel real bad And I'ma make you so mad, you'll probably spazz I can see you tryna get me like they got Biggie Somewhere in the city, on a pretty day when I dressed in Jiggy And I got security with me I'll give you a buck-fifty so quickly, you won't even know that ya nose dripping So much blood on the floor, you might as well be pretending to be mudwrestling a dozen bitches PMSing Sounds kinda tempting, doesn't it? Dissing me wasn't really worth it, was it? I'm buggin, I know a lot of y'all loved it and tryed to convince the public to safe bug this But just think, I played y'all like a bunch of puppets You play Russian Roulette with a musket, and got busted in your own nugget A twenty-one gun salute with no bullets and no trumpets While the rain pours and the storm thunders Your rotten carcass smells so pungent, it turns my stomach Attracts the buzzards, on Fox Eyewitness News coverage Rip the Jacker's on the loose in London, he slipped through US customs and flew to Dublin Frontin as a janitor in a school or somethin Workin for little or nothin, I'm warnin you DON'T TRUST HIM He's a complete risk to the American public And don't ever call the law cuz he thinks he's above it Let's get one thing straight; you can't touch him, Outsmart him, out muscle him, or out hustle him You can't beat 'em - join 'em, you can't join 'em - fuck 'em Can-I-Bus, either ya hate him or ya love him [Hook: 2x] [Verse 2] Yeah yeah, I seen you at Ruby Tuesday's With a toupee, talkin on ya two-way -- you look gay Nigga I don't give a fuck about the games you play I gnaw on ya bones 'til my teeth turn blue-gray Or turn yellow like I ain't brushed in a few days And the blood starts to taste like red toothpaste Nigga this ain't communion and that ain't Kool-Aid Delicacies the FDA won't approve in the states Like a little witche's brew in your vanilla latte Or perhaps Filet of Dog in a Malaysian cafe If I was a cook I would probably take a half day Clock out and never come back, you keep the back pay That's some metaphorical shit, all you have A Is that why all you weirdos all attracted to me? Look at yourself, why you even listen to me? Listen to yourself, your constantly dissin me Well listen to this bitch, get off my D If you don't think that I'm the illest, that's cool I don't agree I proved myself, time and time again Grippin mics like Heinekens, who want me to rhyme again? You could never expire the fire within Killin me with a gun is easy, try a pen For the use it was intended I don't like to be the one to start the drama nigga, but I know how to end it Kill yourself I'll take the credit - get it? You see that way, things couldn't work out more pleasant The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Canibus Album: C True Hollywood Stories Song: C True Hollywood Stories Typed by: bootleg210@msn.com [Hook] True Hollywood Stories.. True Hollywood Story.. True Hollywood Story.. True Hollywood Story.. True Hollywood Story.. True Hollywood Story.. True Hollywood Story.. this is a True Hollywood Story.. [Canibus] Yo I vaguely remember 1974, when I was born Soon as the doctor cut my ambilical cord, he put me in my mother's arms I was cryin when she looked down at me She was smilin cuz I guess she was happy (Coochie-coochie-coo!) She absolutely had no idea I was flowin cuz it wasn't quite clear (You so cute!) She just kept ticklin me and ignorin me (Weeeee!) [Hook] [Canibus] My native home was Jamaica (No problems man) We moved to the states a few years later I had trouble fittin in (What did you say?) Cuz I had a funny speech impediment People couldn't understand what I mean Meeda sata greedafa zeen (Sha oh) I used to wear cross-colored jeans Rasta belts with the red, gold, and green My man used to boost travel pocket for me True Hollywood Story [Hook] [Canibus] In '93 I met the Lost Boyz Without them, I wouldn't even have a voice I showed the world I was nice with the verbals That's how I got signed to Universal I released two albums, in all sold 9 hundred and 99 thousand Over the years, alotta people tryed to diss me Cuz I grabbed a piece of hip-hop history Thank God that the drama didn't destroy me True Hollywood Stories [Hook] [Canibus] I took a trip to England with Pac-Man Five months later we met Stan He was cool so we let him join the band And introduced him to the rest of the Horsemans Then I hooked up with this cat named Lou (Lou-minatti) And he was cool with C-4 too (plus two) Now the whole crew's on tour with me True Hollywood Stories [Hook] [Canibus] This is a story about beef Arrogance, lies, and deceit This is an independent release And that's why it's totally depended on the streets I ain't got no record label behind me Maybe nobody got the balls to sign me But it's cool cuz soon they'll all be callin me This is a True Hollywood Story... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Canibus Album: C True Hollywood Stories Song: A Different Vibe in L.A. Typed by: bootleg210@msn.com Doop-doop da-da.. It's a whole different vibe when you in L.A. Doop-doop da-da.. It's a whole different vibe when you in L.A. Doop-doop da-da.. It's a whole different vibe when you in L.A. Doop-doop da-da.. It's a whole different vibe when you in L.A. [Verse 1] Yeah, cruisin down Melrose, hella slow in a yellow Marinello Lookin for who sells shelltoes that I could match with my silk robe I'm like Hugh Heffner at 26 years old, with clear goals Yeah I'll take two pair of those I love the way my toes feel in the cyberfoam soles when I'm doin shows Who knows, I'm prepared to go to and fro All I do is tell you dudes where the Western Union dough You need my social security info? Here's my tax I.D. number, it's worth ten fold I remember my first album, it shipped gold That's a insult, considering I did this one in Kinko's I'm dying to see what this will sold Will the critics diss it at all, or will they feed 'Bus to the wolves? Like I haven't been there before, but at least I'm on a different vibe now, this year it's on [Verse 2] It's definetly a different vibe west of the Prime Meridian Producers play with live instruments, rhymes are wittier But don't sleep cuz in a heartbeat Cali is shittin ya Someone'll put a hit on ya, this'll be where they bury ya I think it's beautiful, I don't want to be scarin ya The women are prettier and the climate is superior Got a girl from Syria, smells like strawberries on her period I'm serious - that's why I moved in with the chick We on the top of Mount Olympus, sharin our interests over a moonlit dinner, burnin some insense She looks so innocent, next think I know she's pinnin me to the bed like a scene outta Basic Instinct Bought her a pink mink and a double link ring She didn't know I was a rapper and I did my thing-thing What a coincidence, she listened to Eminem and Nsync Shaggy, Nelly, and the St. Lunatic clique, Uh-Ohhhh! [Verse 3] Yeah baby, Canibus in the flesh Everybody want a dose of me, come here baby stand close to me Take a photo with me, take this address If you develop 'em post one to me If you miss me and you wanna kiss me then blow one to me I like your incentricities, tailor-fitting jeans Tennis bracelets from Tiffany's in Venice, Italy Are you from the Middle East? (Oh) I plan to travel there after my new release I got Timbaland doin some beats Yeah, his cousin goes to school with my neice By the way I'm sorta starred, what kinda food do you eat? Yeah sure hop in the car, we'll cruise the streets Around here I know alotta cool places to eat You off from what, noon to three, just roll with me My homie Lou just two-wayed me from Lagoona Beach You can meet the rest of the crew, a bunch of super freaks We got to unwind, we 'bout to hit the road in two weeks, c'mon Doop-doop da-da.. [repeat to fade] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Canibus Album: 'C' True Hollywood Stories Song: I Gotta Story 2 Tell Typed by: TerKeZy@aol.com {Girl Singing} Listen to me everybody, I got a story to tell Well, well Ono wan make beef outta steam fish? Tell ya artist keep my name out they mouth or you wont have no peace Compared to Canibus ya pitbulls is poultry You and Biggie made a dope team but i roast beans Be careful how you approach things My name aint J to the Muahh, mann i got a flow that stings Its rap music, you confuse it if you want to I might still diss you just to see what you gon do You must be gettin' insecure or something I'm just admirien ya shit mann I aint gon touch it I been through alotta things in my life but I learned from it Put yaself in my shoes, dont I deserve something? The only difference between me and you is a BUDGIT Dont make me have to go sign with Suge or something Remember this: History repeats itself Whenever that never ending hunger meets itself Everybody want they wealth, peace and health When I was fucked up you aint give me a couple of G's to help, did you? No, you waited fa my cheese to melt You want all the hot beats and the streets to yourself Well my (??) niggaz different enough to attract interest From anybody in the rap business and I'ma get it cash or credit Besides a little drama from my first 2 records Rip the Jackers images is unblemished Come on I wouldnt bite you I look at you like my dentist I thought you was number one recommended, why you offended? Hip hop aint ya property, you aint the only tenant If I win the lottery you cant tell me how to spend it You got something to say, dont put ya Henchmen in it Them little monkey faced artist that you sign fa pennies I refuse to serve them like Dennies You know they rhymes is petty Dont tell me that ya school of hard knocks turn preppy None of yall motha fuckers know me and you never met me And if my name wasnt shit then you wouldnt sweat me Thats ubsurd right? Me gettin busy get on ya nerves right? You really are listenin to the words right? High when i wrote this but sober when I spoke it Its not like I tried to promote it like Jay-o did, ya notice? Mann I was never focused on you I just spit hard on the mic cause my shit is hot too I went out and bought ya album 2 times, I aint hatin' Next thing I know you talkin Jamaican like you a native But you really violatin', you dont know what you sayin' Canibus aint in the game so you know he aint playin I had nothing before and I have nothing now Fuckin' with a nigga with nothing only brings you down {Girl Singing} Listen to me everybody-rybody-rybody-rybody... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Canibus f/ Pakman Album: 'C' True Hollywood Stories Song: Hate U 2 Typed by: bootleg210@msn.com [Canibus] Yo why you got so much hatred? Why you don't want me to make it? What are you afraid of? You treat me like I'm not a member of the rap game club Yo I sold a million records too, I don't get the same love It's strange because the majors already drained my pockets, and now they wanna drain my blood Do you have any idea of what I did to get here? Do you?! You can smell the hatred in the atmosphere This record is livin proof that I've made it And your listenin to it now, and it's on an independent label You like Canibus? Yeah right, if you say so Talk to Louie Lombard, hey'll put you on the payroll When you see me on the street now, I probably really glow Nothin like some of these wack rappers that are really broke I can laugh at a meaningless joke, but I got a daughter to feed Don't hate me cuz I'm competin bro I'm doin it all by myself And as long as I'm on the shelf, I'm always have wealth This is what motivated microphone FIENDS do And it's ok if you hate me cuz I hate you too [Hook] Is the reason why you keep callin my name out of the blue, If it's because you hate me, then I hate you too We heard it through the Grapevine and now we know it's true Just tell me that you hate me, I'll say I hate you too Ah-ha, ah-ha! We found out you was hatin on us! Ah-ha, ah-ha! We found out you was hatin on us! [Repeat 1st part of Hook] [Pakman] I hate your style, when I see you I wanna earl I should do somethin real foul, like get at your girl Make your heart throb, take a hooptie and smash your parked car Run up in your favorite night club, get you barred (Fuck outta here!!) Why you like to hate stars? Why you talkin in riddles? Me losin is the only way to get you to giggle You pitiful motherfucker, you gon' stay in the gutter I can see you at 33 and still be livin with your mother I'm sick of you clowns runnin around, hatin on Rippers You see me in the street, act like your mouth got a zipper Aiyyo don't say a word faggot cuz it's already proven Keep it movin, you ain't FUCKIN up this new shit I'm doin I'm tryin to keep a space between me and you, like gapped teeth To avoid catchin cases for lettin the gat speak I ain't never got a problem to meet on a backstreet In a black hoodie, new mac-milli, now act silly You can hate me forever, I'ma always be makin moves Don't be mad cuz I'm a leader, a Ripper that breaks rules It's a shame what hate's makin individuals do Don't forget the bottom line is that I hate you too [Hook] Is the reason why you keep callin my name out of the blue, If it's because you hate me, then I hate you too We heard it through the Grapevine and now we know it's true Just tell me that you hate me, I'll say I hate you too Ah-ha, ah-ha! We found out you was hatin on us! Ah-ha, ah-ha! We found out you was hatin on us! [Repeat 1st part of Hook] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Canibus f/ C-4 Album: 'C' True Hollywood Stories Song: Stop Smokin' Typed by: compbuttons@hotmail.com [Hook] He love me (He love that rock) He love me (He love that rock) He love me (He love that rock) He love me,(Well he if he love you then tell him to stop) He love me (He love that rock) He love me (He love that rock) He love me (Come on bitch, he love that rock) He love me,(Well he if he love you then tell him to stop) [Canibus] You ever came home everything ya owned was gone TV, VCR, fridge and phone Emporio Armani, Bulgari cologne That nice China set from your mother-in-law Ya say to yourself "How could I get robbed?" The guard dog would've bit somebody for sure Could it be somebody that you probably know Got the ABT code and the keys to the door, no You better think again gullable ho Somebody you know was on a rob patrol [C-4] And I seen em' pull up in a Pinto I couldn't believe, eyes peekin' through the window Ain't y'all engaged, well that day he was with the neighborhood bimbo I thought to myself, OH! Why would he a need a credit card to get in for You keep a set of keys under the mat He ain't thinkin' of that, he stealin' for crack On the street he can get a hundred for that I hope you don't really think he bringin' it back I'm tellin' ya girl he stole it He was standin' around the last time I saw it I remember when you bought it That son of a bitch got balls if he can pawn it I remember when I seen him this morning He pulled me to the side asked me if I want it I had to look real close for a moment I was shocked when I seen it was your shit He put it away cause he somebody was comin' and just took off runnin' I told ya woman, he love that rock [Woman] I remember when I met him two years ago At the Texaco, I was checkin' though He impressed me though, he was enchanting though He ain't have no dough but he was sexy though At first I played hard to get though But it got so good I had to let it go It was one to four, put it on me slow Even asked me to marry him in Mexico I can't explain how he made me feel I was head over heels, in love for real I took him home so he could meet my dad Took care of his ass, gave him all my cash For a year and a half I treated him good He said he needed space, I understood He be out all not, what seems for days Then he showed up crazed and he needed to shave Smellin' like rotten eggs, I'd tell him to bathe Clean him up, take him to church and get him saved In Jesus' name I can make him change If I would've lost my way he would've done the same Cause he love me [Hook] [Canibus] I'm tellin' ya he ain't gonna stop, stop And he just love that rock, rock Kid run up in ya crib like knock, knock Take everything that cha' got, got Gold watch, watch jewelry box, box The go straight to the pawn shop, shop He's ridin' that white horse, horse And he don't wanna get off, off I got a 800 number you can call, call Cause that love y'all had is lost, lost He don't love you he love that rock [Hook] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Canibus f/ Killer P, Pakman Album: C True Hollywood Stories Song: Lemme Hear Somethin Else Typed by: bootleg210@msn.com Aiyyo my wrist stay froze (Lemme hear somethin else) Aiyyo I fuck mad hoes (Yo lemme hear somethin else) I'm a big dog with big dough (Won't you say somethin else) Yo man you fuckin up my flow (You ain't got nothin else) Man I got somethin else (So lemme hear somethin else) My chain got bagette diamonds (Won't you do somethin else) I spit rhymes with perfect timing (You could try somethin else) Yeah you can't stop me from shinin (I'll spit it myself) [Killer P] I'm on my way to ASCAP so I can pick up my dough I ran into a Jacker nigga tryna hit me with flows He didn't know I had a mind to just bloody his nose And let the blood pour down on his white clothes [Pakman] Chhhh.. Nigga! You don't wanna cipher with me My name ain't Pakman for nothin, I'm gobblin emcees Chhhh.. [Killer P] Damn yo, I wasn't even tryna take it there Lemme hear somethin in the ear nigga, make it clear He started goin on about pushin a big Benz How he stayed jig, and smoked chronic up with his friends He doin it big and got unlimited ends I just met the nigga, I seen him walkin up with his mens Stop frontin shorty, lemme tell you somethin 'bout the game It's a thin line, from being wack to spittin flames You gotta represent when you be writin them lines Don't be a FUCKIN millionaire in every one of ya rhymes I'ma let you walk in but yo you gotta be quick I gotta go, and the shit you spittin nigga, better be slick He started gettin busy, I was noddin my head Then he fucked it all up and said some shit that I said Stopped rhymin cuz he knew he shouldn't have said that verse Lookin stupid as fuck, for that nigga it was the worst Yo, how you gonna bite and try to be top shelf Better get ya act together, lemme hear somethin else [Canibus] I give you more grievance than a nigga possessed by demons Walkin on ceilings, chasin white lot speedin Like Tony Soprano, takin meetings With a psychologist about his emotional feelings and his crime dealings He even talked about how to make alcohol out of orange peelings Pink cookies in a plastic bag gettin crushed by a buildin was cool until Canibus puked it With ill cannibalistic, animal instincts Instant lyrical fitness, could you handle the distance? You don't have enough wisdom The man who gives quicksand resistance, sinks the quickest, it's simple physics I get "Southernplayalistic" and pimp chicks Put my big dick in they mouth and smear they lipstick Come here you stank bitch! Tell ya man if he don't spit a hundred bars I'ma bust him in his big lips Spit quick, like 6B tip-tronic stick-shift Bitch is equipped with a nitrous-oxide flipswitch If you hate me, why would you recreate me With those that imitate me and emulate me? They talk about me so distastefully lately But that never break me, they underestimate me Me and the Killer P, and P-A-C get crazy with G-A-T's I'm a B-E-A-S-T, you don't wanna race me I do Mach 1 over a A-F-B No if's, A-N-D's, or B-U-T's A hundred bars ain't SHIT for a true emcee SHUT THE FUCK UP! You should be ashamed of yourself I ain't heard nothin I felt, lemme hear somethin else The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Canibus Album: 'C' True Hollywood Stories Song: Hott Tonight Typed by: bootleg210@msn.com [female] Oh Germaine, can you please tell me one of your Hollywood Stories? Oooh..ahhh..exciete merjemon When it's hot it's hot, when it's hot it's hot (I'm so hot tonight) When it's hot it's hot, when it's hot it's hot (So hot) When it's hot it's hot, when it's hot it's hot (Caliente) When it's hot it's hot, when it's hot it's hot (I'm so hot tonight) [Canibus] Aiyyo.. c'mere girl, gimme a kiss Tell the truth, you know you like hangin with Canibus I know you can't commit but at least try a sample Who knows, I might be too much man to handle If I'm attracted to you, I'ma make a long pass at you Come after you and capture you Put a platinum GPS bangle around ya ankle To keep track of you incase I decide to marry you We can be friends till death do us part Kiss ya left breast cuz it's next to ya heart Don't be a mermaid, open up ya legs If you can't spread eagle, just gimme some head Whatever the outcome, I just wanna come Beat it up real good, bust one and run I believe in abstenence, just not tonight I can't help myself you look hot tonight [Female singer & Canibus] Chupa chupa, boca chula  Whatchu gon' do when I walk up to ya? Chupa chupa, boca chula  Whatchu gon' do when I walk up to ya? Chupa chupa, boca chula  Whatchu gon' do when I walk up to ya? Chupa chupa, boca chula  Whatchu gon' do when I walk up to ya? [Canibus] "Wild On C" with Brooke Burke in the Visa Steamin like I'm dreamin on the couch with my feet up I'm not a playboy, I'm a hustler, wait till I touch ya I'ma do somethin to getchu "burnin" from my Bunson Clitoris rubbin, sperm pumpin, nerve numbin, humpin in public The whole world could probably hear you cummin The way I grab your pumpkin, caress your dumplings I ain't never leave me girl, so stop frontin You never wanted a Yes man, you wanted and Arabesque man With biceps and a chest imprint Not a skeleton with hardly any skin I know it's irrelevant but his penis is probably very thin I'm hung like the trunk of an elephant Or the trunk of the tree the serpent wrapped around in Genesis with the same devilish melevolence Tryin to get you to bite in the food, I injected with seditives How many orgasms have you had already? Let's have a shag-a-thon; tell me when you past twenty When I introduce you to Grand Marye, act friendly She'll get envious if I ever rub your ass gently Tonight I'm being a pimp baby, not an emcee Invite a couple friends, I'll reserve ten seats After we eat, we can check a couple spots tonight Gimme kiss, you look hot tonight Oooh.. papi.. Oooh.. caliente.. Oooooh... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Canibus f/ Pakman Album: C True Hollywood Stories Song: Gotta Get That Doe Typed by: bootleg210@msn.com Yo whattup Pakman (Aiyyo whattup Bis, I'm waitin for the Rip Off man) Yo I just wanna know one thing (What's that?) You ready to get that dough (No doubt) AIGHT!! [Chorus: Canibus + Pakman] We be the rippers that'll bring if you act shady After we fry you, we puff a blunt and then it's gravy And you can keep her cuz we don't care about ya lady Iiiii've gotta get that dough! AIGHT!! [Canibus] Aiyyo it's only a handlefull of rap critics That every had a close-encounter with this rap wizard You wack rappers can't rip it In other words your lyrics are to primitive You need to be more descriptive Look at the way I flipped it, a True Hollywood Story I manipulated this miserable music business Then I caked off two, by going independent How much you make an album? About ten cents I make about ten cents, every sentence It's my third album and I'm workin on my tempence I don't brag; I'm keep it modest I'm ain't hot; I'm the hottest I'm not being pompus, I went through a process I used to be a prophit, now I make profits You sound like garbage, one of these days you gon' end up jobless Pushin a shoppin cart with the same Cristal bottles you was drinkin out of when shit was poppin I seen a episode on VH1 Documents They talked about your drug addiction and what was behind it The bottom line is, how much you sold No one gives a fuck if you blow, you gotta get that dough I'm tired of niggaz talkin about it, but I can't live without it I'm stuck if I ain't got it, so what's the logic? Should I talk about material objects, and get on some "How you like me now bitch," wearing a shiny outfit? (Nah Bis, don't do that come on) Yeah, I know, I know But no matter what I do I'ma get that dough, fo' sho'! [Chorus] 2x [Pakman] When I get at you niggaz, ain't nuttin personal I gotta Everything you spit, I'm predictin it's double copper You the type of nigga to force a nigga to rock ya Always got ya'self up in the middle of the drama Frontin for nothin cuz ya niggaz told me you pussy Need to get smarter and try to holler at the rookies Fuck with Canibus & Pak and get that ass a coffin FUCK what you thinkin faggot, we rippin niggaz open Now is a new day and we be focused on the paper Still'll get in you but the feeling for dough is greater Piling with hate and you need to holler at the maker If you don't do it now, then you gotta face it later Don't even think about tryna dim a nigga shinin You gon' fuck around and get slapped up with the iron Everything we do is connected with gettin paper And you ain't talk about it, so nigga I'll see you later [Chorus] 2x [Canibus] If ya know where ya comin from, ya know where ya goin I wouldn't doubt myself, not even for a moment I'm proud of my music cuz it's dope and I wrote it True Hollywood Stories opens in October Directed by none other than Canibus for a coper It's no stoppin me, my commodity is growin I'll fly anywhere on this planet to promote it Maybe I should come out with my own line of clothing I printed up some Canibus shirts and I sold 'em I jump on stage, and I prove I'm a showman Can-I-Bus is a microphone omen I slam it when I'm done to make sure that it's broken The industry's sick, man I'm already knowin Never had the luxury to choose, I was chosen Where I come from, opportunity is golden Platinum I already sold it, NO SHIT!! [Chorus] 2x The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Canibus f/ Lou Album: 'C' True Hollywood Stories Song: R U Lyrically Fit? Typed by: dangerousdoc2001@hotmail.com * * send corrections to the typist [Canibus] Get ready for the Luminati tsunami [Lou] C4 ??? ??? Eat meat raw Street dawgs Rip these off And put C's on Had to ease off From a show I just peed on Bought a two-seater that I put 10G's on Beat her Cause she took my mother fuckin ring off She took me to Supreme Court And the judge got screamed on They sent me up North To a prison with a ??? All day long Lift weights we ??? ??? Meet King-Kong, Big Don, and Little Shawn Murda One got big arms He real strong Beat his own mom 'cause she stole from the weed farm Word on the streets Raw Don't beef with Armstrong Wrong season Lou crush anything he breathes on Pass me the paper and pen And put beats on Rip rap songs ??? ??? ??? From ArchivesMusic.com and Natural Rap Zone [Canibus] Yo! You mess with my horse You dead as a corpse Forget it Rhymes without ending With infinite lyrics Fools you do get abused like broads In a battle for truth with rhymes and metaphors When my horse appears Count your prayers Stab you in the ear Then pull out the spear Watch the crowd cheer Leave the floor wet With all the blood stains So the audience knows The Canibus runs things I rip down stages On many occasions Dozen of broken down mics and melted tape decks Everywhere I go niggas wanna rob me Bootleggers be in the front row Trying to get a clear copy So take caution Cause I'm a horseman And I'll snatch that ass up quick like "turn it off man" So just acknowledge The way that I'm gifted Cause if rap was a felony I'd be in prison Hogging up the phone Cussing at the C.O's 25 to life With no parole When battling me You must be feeling yourself I rip the jacker so hard He might kill himself Like his name was Todd or James Back in the dark days It's like a pit bull getting bit by a Shar-Pei I defend my horse, my men, my friends My baby's momma And my offspring So bring it on then So I can show you how I devour Niggas like a rottweiler with acidic saliva Step ya shit up Nigga The rippa's much iller Cause when I write rhymes I use the mind to pick the pen up Most artists are garbage No skills They belong in a landfill Nobody feels it when the grab the mic (let me hear something else) And start bragging about their massive ice I can't eat MC's 'cause I lost my appetite I'm a beast You a midget With wack lyrics Like doctor evil said (quiet, shut up, zip it) I rain superior My metaphors are scarier Non-ill rappers You better evacuate Before I exfoliate your face With abrasive phrases To give your face a face-lift Germane spits insane shit So stop hating if you cant applaud me And give rap music the glory [Lou] 'C' - True Hollywood Story The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Canibus Album: 'C' True Hollywood Stories Song: Ya Teef Iz Yellow Typed by: koolkid2k1@juno.com YA TEEF IZ YELLOW YA TEEF IZ YELLOW YA TEEF IZ YELLOW YA TEEF IZ YELLOW I never thought that it could come down to this YA TEEF IZ YELLOW it's a subject that I just can't resist YA TEEF IZ YELLOW You got jokes, but this one here is for you YA TEEF IZ YELLOW here's a list of things I think you should do YA TEEF IZ YELLOW As yellow as some pineapple punch YA TEEF IZ YELLOW they got that way because you don't brush YA TEEF IZ YELLOW It's too late for that, toothpaste won't be enough YA TEEF IZ YELLOW you probably got gingivitis in your gums YA TEEF IZ YELLOW How you smell so freely showin' ya teef YA TEEF IZ YELLOW if I was you, i'd go and get them shits bleached YA TEEF IZ YELLOW You need to start buyin toothbrushes by tha threes YA TEEF IZ YELLOW did anybody ever tell ya they look like straight cheese YA TEEF IZ YELLOW Mustard yellow, soon they'll be green and brown YA TEEF IZ YELLOW you totally disgust tha people your around YA TEEF IZ YELLOW I must admit, they nasty as fuck YA TEEF IZ YELLOW God forbid somebody drink out your cup The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Canibus f/ Pakman Album: 'C' True Hollywood Stories Song: Luv U 2 Typed by: bootleg210@msn.com There's a reason why you keep callin my name out of the blue If it's because you love me, then I love you too We heard it through the Grapevine and now we know it's true Just tell me that you love me, I'll say I love you too [Canibus] Yo yo, I love my life; I love my wife I love my daughter; and I love my mic If you love me, I love you, I'm humble I won't do things to bug you and start trouble If you want an autograph, I'ma sign it I don't care if the plane's leavin and I get left behind it I'm not that simple-minded If I had the time, I'd probably type it, or get Stan to write it You don't shower Canibus with kindness cuz he's the nicest You do it cuz you genuinely like him Sure I'll talk to you in private You might get backstage tickets or ice cream for your politeness Shake my hand if you like Bis But you can give me a hug if you got love, try it Extend ya arms around me, then bend ya arms Spread the love, a virus created by God I'm really speakin from the heart cuz I'm touched by you And I'm glad that you love me, cuz I love you too! Ah-ha, ah-ha! We found out that you got love for us! Ah-ha, ah-ha! We found out that you got love for us! [Pakman] Yeah I know you got love, when you see me you wanna hug me All excited, hoppin around like the Easter Bunny I'm like a puppy, all I wanna do is lay down and cuddle That's why I'm happy that you could finally say that I love you Nothin wrong with showin feelings to me, cuz I'ma G And so I can tell you overwhelmed by the way that you breathin Know you ran up here to see me, wishin that you could be me Callin people at home while they watchin me on the TV I'm a household name, with the power to spit flames Then I flip and give the children somethin they can get with You love me, then why you got that look in ya eye? Why every single time you see me you be actin surprised? No it ain't all for nuttin somethin got to be somethin And I ain't givin you no paper, so you got to be frontin What was you doin at ten shows I tore down overseas And it's funny how you was at the album signing in Queens Ain't hard to tell you lovin anything connected with Pak And once I recognize I be the type to give it back Don't try to fool me, been doin this, I'm no dummy On a mission to get it, and I'm winnin, you gotta love me! Ah-ha, ah-ha! We found out that you got love for us! Ah-ha, ah-ha! We found out that you got love for us! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Canibus Album: 'C' True Hollywood Stories Song: Box Cutter Typed by: TerKeZy@aol.com {*helicopter flying, pilot talking*} Record industry's most wanted: "Rip the Jacker" Wanted for the '98 slayings of several rappers One of which went on to be a successful actor Here's the re-enactment: He called me at my man's crib The phone probably rang two times, then I answered He sounded really amped up, he tried to scare me He told me that Def Jam wanted to ban me And told me Trace at the label wanted to bang me Damn I wanted to get in her panties, she was scared of me Canibus hates the media and the magazines They add so much credibility to elaborate schemes Internet chatrooms with live feeds of a rapper bein eatin alive by live bees Sound barriers like the Lockheed, even with knock-knees I run across rough terrain at mach speed That's a rhyme from like 9-3 As vivid in the mind, as pictures with 600 DPI's to a sheet If i'm high when I speak the knowledge is deep Solid as concrete, this is real hip-hop for the streets I never leave any witnesses, it's ridiculous They served me court papers in the studio I did this in Missin from society, because they lied to me They didn't want to accept my doctrine of society I studied with hundreds of scientists and science teams At various Ivy Leagues, they respect my esteem What do you want me to rap about? Go ahead try a theme Gimme a person, place, or thing - I'll create the time and scene Somewhere in Afghanistan, U.S.A survival teams Keep a eye on their surroundings in the Jihad Regime A total riot scene, back and forth they encrypt fiber optic beams On my album out next spring You motherfuckin right nigga I'm about that cream I promised my self I wouldnt shoot it without that scene It doesn't look right like Cash Money without that bling Siblings, I mean we all got the same last name Jermaine Williams, that's my name Say it again Jermaine Williams, danggg I think he goes by the name of the Canibus Man And occasionally Rip the Jacker but never Stan Get it through your head and don't ask me again Box cutter, blade runner nigga rap 'til you sweat Have you ever read the book called "The Catcher in The Rye"? It so happens I'm looking for a copy I could buy Canibus is comin for y'all round the outside Round the outside, round the outside A lotta y'all shine, but y'all can't rhyme And it's about time that I put y'all in line Twist your mind with twisted rhymes As weird as Michael Jackson's nose from the side Flows that'll buy the quite bow for the times No need to hide your friends are all associates of mine Dont be a stranger come over some time I got coke if you do lines, you get a Rover to drive If you hear the engine knockin, just pull over to the side I guess it hasn't been serviced in all this time Halloween: True Hollywood Stories release date We should have a "Who Wants to Battle Canibus?" sweepstakes And limit it to three states; New York City: home of the greats Philly and out West, piece-a-cake Old school rappers, I wouldn't be around without ain't got shit to say but keep puttin albums out Don't let what I said get you upset Box cutter, blade runner nigga rap 'til you sweat... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Canibus f/ C-4 Album: 'C' True Hollywood Stories Song: Draft Me Typed by: bootleg210@msn.com *female newsreporter talking* "Also the, hearing from the defense department that they launched  some fifty Tomahawk cruise missiles  Not only from ahh US ships but also from British  submarines in the area" [Chorus: 2x] Draft me! I wanna fight for my country Jump in a humvee and murder those monkeys! Draft me! I'm too dedicated to fail Justice must prevail (Justice must prevail!) [Canibus] Yo, I wanna get drafted, I wanna see somebody get they ass kicked with standard military tactics Fuck brass knuckles, I'll punch you with brass fists Totally flowin with my emotions in my moment of madness I'll wake up the whole barracks, murder you on your matress And look at you like, "What's the matter?" You better go back to your bed, before I have to act up You might be the next one to get ripped you jacker! You better not tell the captain I might accidentally shoot you with the mack 10 at target practice Runnin through the obstacle course, up and across Over the logs, five more, damn soldier you strong Come on, I wanna be agile and docile Break ya legs like popsicle sticks, put you in a hospital Stand over top of you, put a pillow over your nostrils and just feel so sorrowful It doesn't make me feel powerful, it's just a parable It's just a rhyme really none of this is tangible So don't ask me about it, I won't get angry at you And before I get angry, I just won't answer you You better go get in shape or lift some weights nigga Cuz next time I see you I'ma be a ape nigga Lemme find out you still callin out my name I'll crash into your tourbus with a plane nigga [Chorus: 2x] [??] Fuckin with my freedom, leave a muh'fucker bleedin Leave 'em in pain like a infant when he teethin It's huntin season, and ya loved ones grievin Cuz I never back up (no sir) I never back down Ask Brown (Ha!) From the bell to the last round Face down, dick in the dirt, hit 'em where it hurt Make the enemy my lil' bitch in a skirt Cuz when it rained it poured, this ain't a game it's war One goal, one aim son, same as yours Alotta pain to endure, terrain to explore And I'ma hold my weapon right cuz I was trained in the Corp You don't want no trouble, whole city reduced to rubble And we gon' make it happen, quick, fast, and on the double Draft me! [??] So y'all best go get y'all shuffles! (Draft me) The situation's gettin ugly So who better butt me, and put to sleep the enemy Draft me, pass me, the M-16 Give me a buzz cut, ask me if I give a fuck I'm comin out blastin, military four-fashion Twelve close castin, for weapons of mass-distraction Outlastin, all the privates in my company Fightin for my family, and the cats that grew up with me My Band of Brothers, rarely just smother the enemy Razor blades cut ya face and leave a scar so you remember me Lurkin, to leave y'all with bloody red turbans Screamin "Jihad!" while y'all pray to a false god We ready for, all out war, it's time to settle the score Grab a .44 and dump into nigga's door Draft me, you ain't even gotta ask me, I'm ready With the Rambo machete, using tactics that's deadly Draft me, I swear to God, we ready for the Taliban Drop the bomb, and huddle with some nuclear laws, come on! [Chorus: 2x] [Canibus (as Stan)] Truthfully, I wouldn't wanna go to war if they asked me I'd rather puff hashies and talk about headies and Lassie I was just sayin to Canibus last week I heard a record called Channel 0 that was mad deep When I'm overseas I can't eat, the food is nasty Bis has a seafood fancy, I'm allergic to crabby G'head draft me, your all in my new family I'll have a good time wavin gats at the ??? If I get hit, one of the team'll carry me So g'head draft me, g'head draft me [Chorus: 2x]  *George W. Bush talking*  "The only way to pursue peace is to pursue those that threaten it  We did not ask for this mission, but we will fulfill it..." The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Canibus Album: Mic Club - The Curriculum Song: Mic Club Intro Typed by: newos_crib_is@hotmail.com [Canibus] Hahahahaha Enter the Mic Club, this is where it all starts MC's defend their honor at all costs Cycle of winners, this ain't for beginners Front and centre, state your name and your business When I pass you the mic, you better burn it Don't be squirmish, you want respect? You've gotta earn it This is where we define purpose How much heart lies beneath the surface? What's hidden behind the curtain? Besides tight verses, nothing in life is certain If you live as long as your words, you make life worth it Writing rhymes give me a buzz, I do this for the love Welcome to the M-I-C club... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Canibus Album: Mic Club: The Curriculum Song: Poet Laureate Typed by: Blingbling2k4eva@aol.com * * send corrections to the typist Yo, Houston to Earth Watch the ripper crucify you with verse My urethra to ya uvula, quenches your thirst Put your flames out with dry desert dirt where leopards lurk Lock your soul down with an esoteric weapon search Strap a bomb to one of your labels record clerks And activate it as soon as they get to work Ring the alarm, red alert, nigga it gets worse Bypass security networks with select words Megahertz make nebulas reverse till your head burst Call the press first and ask them who got the best verse Give me the respect I deserve If you are what you eat, it's obvious I can't eat what I'm worth Yall niggas eat pussy and burp The other half of yall suck dick till your jaws and ya neck hurt When you address me nigga end your sentence with sir Critics went beszerk they aint even heard my best work See I broke into the mind by Quietly goin by their eardrum walls and hotwired they skulls Yeah I earned the name Canibus, but what did it cost? Battle rappers nothing but a serendipitous whore Niggas probably like, what da fuck he dissin him for? Yeah he dissed me first but you was never informed I'm one of the top five nigga, my shit is tight nigga you heard it right nigga, I rock mics nigga But the limelight isn't where I belong The top four don't even look in the mirror no more If they did I'd be in the mirror looking back at em, ready to grab them Kidnap them, and put them on my album I rip jackers, Rip the time space fabric Loop the future with the past tense looking for patterns Eradicate Africans that sold Africans to Saxons and forced black men to pay taxes Attack a wack bitch with counter tactics Split your bullet proof chases in half with a rapid gatling Keep firing at cha till you trapped in Now come back and scramble for helicopter extractions While I'm back and forth back braggin How I tortured them faggots and stabbed them with rip the jacker daggers Slay dragons with old passages from black magic manuscripts I found in the cabinet written in Arabic Translate to characters one by one, like Arafat tarot cards suggest I make terrorist threats through your stereo sets Various anthrax carriers sendin serin to the press At an imaginary address, Cani's the best Untraceable, your pictures unpaintable, canvas thats wet Let me dry you of wit some of this fire I spit 26 years old nigga look how I spit A microphone fiend since I was like fourteen My Cuban uncle used to sell cocaine, OK? I'm reloaded, you fuckin wit the wrong emcee Crudes felt your cold disease to the whole industry Potent as Hennessey that was distilled in Tennessee One shot scrambles your memory indefinitely Nowadays a hundred bars aint impressive to me You stepping to me nigga do it intelligently You wanna battle or you wanna fuckin wrestle wit me You aint better than me, you just got an obsession wit me Canibus hybrid, the cake icing of rhyminingness As I grow older I get colder like the declining Climate of earth's environment, I'm entirely tireless Rhymes come from my higherness of wireless dialect Scientist on cyber speed design my specs Astral project, therein height in secs, chakras connect Doctors inspect what they can't possibly interpret yet That's why they revert to threats They curse and throw fits They like immature earth cadets, looking like Captain Kirk in a dress Lyrically I step on you, rip on you, then I defecate what I just digested on you I'm better than you, I'm better than you, I'm better than you Just to get the checkered flag I'll put the pressure on you Put the extra effort on you Write a motha fuckin letter to you and your editors too, threatin you Detective check your mail and your messenger to You can take this verbal slashin that I left as a clue Execute the type of wickedness the devil approves Which basically means I can do whatever witchu I'm a rap music mutant, wit a cool name Misconstrue fame but I spit butane Blue flames out giant CO2 tanks Demagnetize memory banks, enhanced, advanced One of a kind like modern man's retina scan Quick as a glance and flickers from kerosene lamps What you want me to break first your jaw or your grill? What type of spit you want from me sparkling or steel Study law, yield draw up my own deals So the longer they resist me the stronger I feel Spread the ganglia from Tanzania to the flats of East Anglia Give up, you cant keep up The man eater in a wife beater Spreadin Typhoid Fever through mic receivers with light reverb Type in the right keywords, I might emerge Takes a really nice nigga to excite these nerds Niggas wanna see the gully in me, keep fuckin with me Never under pressure, I keep the pressure under me Bun?? Or weed, drop a freestyle on the internet then watch niggas burn the CD Upload a picture of your mug getting DP'd I'm one size away from 13, believe it she p'd I'm the illest and its gonna be that way for eva Word of mouth is good but a mouth of words is betta nigga No body gets sicker than the ripper!!!!!!!!! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Canibus Album: Mic Club: The Cirriculum Song: Master Thesis Typed by: Goodestgrammar@aol.com [Canibus] This is the master thesis underneath the deepness Come to micclub.net where you can read this run a plot on a map hyper space 'ya From the society for scientific exploration color is vibration, vibration is sound sound resonates through the mouth check it out What I say vibrates no less than 9 ways South, South East, West, south west, east North, North east, North west And the black and white images fade to great sound waves Track my adversaries like a mouse in a maze with a bewildering array, of lyrical display The best of Bis oftenly rearrange Moto atomic elements, with a deft intelligence The highest professorship, my English etiquette compels me to not say it if I can't spell it bitch My circularised 3rd Eye, sees all Atlantis was surrounded by 4 sea walls I read one-fourth of the Library of Alexandria before it was burnt to the floor I wish I could've learned more about the shapes of the sacred geometry they used to draw They were new millennium but Euclidian in form ancient in many ways but not nearly as old Carved from Egyptian gold molded in Assyria with processed Beryllium by the quintillion They cooked on symmetrical stoves with my logo etched above the hole where they inserted the coal And they barbecued birds to the bone They burned incense in a Buck Mister Fuller type dome I talked to Mr. Fuller over the phone and he said he had a contract to rebuild Rome said he didn't want to do it alone I told him I was busy writing poems but I'll think about going The process was slow, and the dough was low but I took it as the perfect opportunity to grow plus I never traveled that far from home but I heard about the beauty of Sydonian (city of ancient Phoenicia) snow neon green grass, statues made from translucent glass I'll be crazy to pass I like nigerian Jazz the blue twilight band that plays tunes from a laser black sax it sounds so laid back it helps me relax I brought the album after seeing K-Pax Ooh how I miss my nautilus i was told faren goat and mcdotilus did not exist you have a modest case of scaphocephalous I prescribe some neo gothic anti-biotics words concocted from the lyrical lock smith deadly as 10 droplets of Ricin toxin from every angle the competition gets boxed in its Dr. C indoctrinates his doctrine translate the English alphabet to the omega text life is now and death is next post bond out on bail from the belly of hell communicate through diatonic and pentatonic scale these dark side tales might affect sales I set sail and hunt down erect sperm whales use the aphrodisiac to get a female call ginger tie her up and drink her ginger ale grand maryey for me scotch on the rocks for you your vocab is smaller than a cup of jewels in the studio with james lipton reminiscing about the script that was written before the beginning all of a sudden the boo's turned into applause my jaws stronger then the kenenday Macaws cant even count the bars i've expended so far don't want to rap no more its been so long i wish the clock would hurry up and tick im out in the bush and the sticks humpin a hundred clicks dr scholes gave me a good fit me and him went to school together back in 86 when I was really ill puttin flank energy in a rhyme the size of a Tylenol pill you wanna laugh now and cast your belligerent doubt show you what poetry is really about the side affects will make you pass out followed by skin rash itching diarrhea nausea and dry mouth you want a time out? you better spit a rhyme out before the community of real mc's die out college students say to me "you ain't smart" Record label A&Rs say: "this ain't art" these are the contents of the covenant of the art listen to my chest beat tell me this ain't heart You gotta be as obsequious as the Disciples of Jesus this is my MASTER THESIS The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Canibus Album: Mic Club Song: Behind Enemy Rhymes Typed by: lyrical_legend@hotmail.com, cofres64@potsdam.edu Behind enemy rhymes, when the curriculum storms Behind enemy rhymes, when the curriculum storms It's like this yo, check it out, uh, yo When the curriculum storms Modern rap history is reborn on CD code in the form of a poem Anyone that studies Canibus' past Knows he has the answers to questions you're probably not advanced enough to ask Super advanced, faculty man, chairman of curriculum class 85% never pass, 10% smile and 5% dont even laugh When the chalks in my hand and I'm drawin up graphs I present the contingency plan to the top brass They probably think I'm on speed I'm talkin so fast The body of the rhyme is smooth like body and bath The summary is more explosive than a meth lab blast My symmetrical shockwave shatter glasses My U-235 rhyme hits critical mass Apocalypse now, lyrical raps blow everything off the map From green grass to African Baobabs Spike with an elctro-mag, aircrafts crash CDC's in the streets passin out gas masks Gorgeous women thank me for the oxygen tank Baby, the chevrons on my arm'll tell you my rank Maybe I'll become another casualty in the field They'll engrave my tombstone with the master steel The best beats in the world couldn't rival my skill That's like throwing a cup of water on a million beached whales Ran eloquence on an unprecedented scale Close your eyes, feel the rhymes cause I'm better in Braille The Francis Bacon basics, I should reiterate this We rise to great heights by winding staircases The line spiral in a French curve design When the curriculum storms, Behind enemy rhymes When the curriculum storms, this is lyrical law Computer programmed bars come out of digital jaws This is the toughest course in hip hop so far Behind enemy rhymes, when the curriculum storms, (x2) Written addendum, curriculum - attention deficit disorder Magician flippin' them with serotonin reuptake inhibitors That inhibit them from the seein' the vision when They spit against Bis and them they must want to get dissed again I'm sicker than your sixth sense inhale breaths Through the luffa in my chest bigger than wind tunnel vents Please believe the ammo is live My fusillade of rhymes fly through your ride and go stream fuselage Blistering speed fools eyes with fast rhymes Setting world records for nerval rings' fastest lap times Get checkered flags for forty-eight tracks of rhymes A hundred times for vocal signatures to complex to sign Human by design, a mental monster of the mind Rhetoric versus reality the reason I rhyme Eternally inclined to shine Principles a plentitude, I spit at you, injure you if you step out of line A transcendental intellectual A marvel to the medical professionals that claim they half wanna test a dude Before they understand what I'm equipped to do Visual psychoanalytical living proof that I rip you I rip the roof off like cyclones do When the curriculum storms I rip a microphone too A molecular miracle In the physical my lyrical has always been something different for you to listen to Difficult but legible forever memorable Enough to remain in the membrane of your mental I train your brain muscles and take you to school Hard rocks become gentle jewels these are the rules When you in the Mic Club mood you never get booed Aptitude and attitude are your battling tools Stay calm and spit those bars If you find yourself behind enemy rhymes you got to weather the storm Chorus 2x The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Canibus f/ Kool G Rap Album: Mic Club: The Curriculum Song: Allied Meta-Forces Typed by: bootleg210@msn.com [Canibus] Yo.. the shottie rip, perferrate the skin on top of ya ribs Red stuff come out his ribs like a Hollywood script Bitch-niggaz on the floor screamin for mommy and shit Cardiologists hook up the heart monitors quick Thermometer temperature dips below 76 That's what you get for tellin niggaz that you better than 'Bis Not possible - if I can't pronounce it, it ain't rhymable The audible probability probably ain't probable Supreme rap, G Rap, underground without a rule Shopper proof, holdin hip-hop for hostage, bout to shoot Helicopters stabilized at low altitudes Talkin to the negotiator, layin out the rules In a tight compromise salute, road-block with troops Underwater's not to shoot, but they break ya vertebrae with boots Ten o'clock news flash, 'Bis and G Rap All punch bullets are lookin for them niggaz in black Lean back in the avocado El Dorado, passin the bottle Speakin Japanese like Nomi Masho She got a bangin body, cold sushi with warm saki If I'm rappin sloppy, she got me... [Kool G Rap] Welcome to my world, danger and hazards Gang of bastards, bangin they ratchets King and the Jacker, slangin in traffic Claimin they cabbage, obtain half, they aimin for stackage Get brains from the (?), keep blingin with karats Cops see me in Maddox, then let ya dame have it, flames to the attic The stains on ya fabric, the paint in the graphic Canibus and G Rap, bangin a classic And if that beef on the street - hate you enough, blow out ya brain in ya casket Don't you love this drug element? Where slugs crush ya melon and dome Chrome that's known to break bones in an elephant Shotgun pellets and, gunsmoke; smell the scent Big bullets, wiggle ya guts like gelatin Cut through ya skeleton, knockage intelligence Ride, stand, and bite the dust Jake wanna be like a Russian cuffed on that Riker bus We raised in the slums, with haze in our lungs Raisin the guns, knowin; My day'll come, razors under the tongue Clips in the steel, bricks in the wheels, chips in the field of fortune Dead men walkin with hits on the grills Late night at the spot, posted with goons, dope and balloons Coke and the doom, scheme; I'll leave you open with wounds nigga Witness G Rap put it back in perspective Beat up shit with a dash of the peppers Get blast for ya necklace Leave ya brains on the dash in ya Lexus We up in the club, dash for the exit Make ya spread 'em out - show you what this lead about Take it from an old thug, whoever clean cold blood Believe they bled it out (yo) Crave for the war, pop out rages with fours Hit the jackpot, blazin the raw - gettin bands in the pores Bitches and whores with dick in their jaws The frame drank sick of Valor, straight bandit spot Open up shop, turn the block to "Planet Rock" Shit with no chop, slept with the glock with the hammer cocked Servin the fiends, hop in the Suburban and lean Look at that don nigga swervin in Queens, playa Ballin a lot, brawlin for props, callin the shots Hit the curb, birds all on the flock Jockin, like "who that there covered in all of them rocks" It's royalty bitch, fall on the cock, recognize one Giacanna G Rap, that live one - pay homage Get it fucked up, I spray comments, nigga what?! (Nigga what, it's the Curriculum!) [Canibus] Yo, e'rything is e'rything my nigga I ain't bitter, but if I gave you the finger it'd be behind the trigger Faggot-ass nigga livin in a gated community Up in radio, tellin them what you gon' do to me I live in the 'burbs - clean my Winchester every other weekend with the same dirty Hanes shirt It takes two to tango, three to jump rope Four to bury the body, plus look out for po' Yo I guard everything within the limits of my post My orders is to smoke you if you get to close The whole globe scared of my flow, spirit world scared of my soul Nowadays it's like I'm scared to be known The methods of my motivation is completely subjective My perception is completely parallel to perspective Rhyming is the reason I spit in faces Habituation of my flamboyance without rational reservation Whiskey, X-Ray, yankee, Zulu, unusual Word-ologically my syllable position is beautiful Only respect niggaz if the feeling is mutual G Rap snatch the tools from you, I'll throw 'em in the crucible Prolly throw you in there too, mix it up and make nigga-stew if you can't admit I'm iller than you Baby you sparred with the shadows, Canibus and G Rap yo Motherfucker professionallin with the pros [Kool G Rap] Know it's, dough over hoes - bankrolls, Rovers and clothes and shots blow all them cowards and foes Giacanna proud with the pros, foul mode We quick reachers, spear with the fearless til you drip liters Flip divas, the big secret, strip to they tits and beaver Sip Cris' and sniff coke of the peeter Yeah we ball big baby, look off the meter You should see us, it's movie star status Scar lackers lost cabbage, rip the Pablo Escobar fabrics Froze the road we chose, not a pretty route, Diddied out Grimey and grittied out, stack dough, jiggy out Dime bitches behavin like ya sex slave skizzied out Some nigga dizzy south, til he's out, busy mouth Swerve to the curb, hit the bird split the kitties out We kidnap for trap - blackmail for a gang a mill Spot banger himself, fishscale rocks under the fingernails The blood trail lead to a corpse Treat my appetite for greed with a torch For keys to a Porsche, to breeze in the loft Roll up my hand sheets with the force We squeeze off, no need for remorse, playa Forty wild goons, we forty Calhouns You die forty foul dooms for forty coward moves Bless sparkle, and spark until my shorty style rules Giancanna dead? Widespread, I'll be a 40 mile tune nigga What, what nigga? The noble laureate Comin at y'all niggaz.. Uh.. 40-pound style nigga... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Canibus Album: Mic Club: The Cirriculum Song: Cenior Studies 02 Typed by: Goodestgrammar@aol.com [Canibus] Yo the artists come and go, so does the show So does the dough, nothin lasts forever you know It's all about the experience and what you take from it What you learn in the process, what you make of it Number two in the world at the top of the summit, I loved it Shoulda packed a parachute for the plummet Now I'm opening these clips crawlin through mud pits With guns and hundreds of clips on Uncle Sam's budget Hundred rifles itself, handcuff Bert Reynolds  To Jim Brown and escape with Raquel Welsh Isn't my queen lovely? feed her rum of rays  And ice cream, shower her with diamond rings and money 23 hours a day I study Dreamin about beautiful women I hate you gay teletubies Dreams keep my alive you can't take em from me The battlefield is bloody, mean, and ugly My andrenaline rushes when the enemy rush me Tryin to bust me cuz I swore I'd defend my country If I could choose between being lucky and having money Nothing negative could ever touch me What must be is ultimately not up to me But I sacrifice my life for yours if you trust me Pin my medals upon my chest So I could left-right-left in a certain death God's speed and God bless In the end I hope God is impressed if I'm put to rest I did what I came to do, no time left Say my name out the blue cuz I rhyme it the best Mic club dot net see me live in the flesh You could come and download every rhyme that I spit You could pay homage to Rip for one dollar a clip None of those rhymes is on the album bitch It's a storage facility where I keep my shit For the students in the class that wanna peep my shit Break a bootlegger leg if he leak my shit You don't wanna sign him bitch then eat my shit Drink my piss, you could never compete like this I'ma give you an example how deep I get Technology not available for purchase My brains collects, stores, and converts million bar verses At a stand-off distance of a thousand feet I illuminate the target and pound em to sleep To within one micro-inch if you out in the street I could close my ears and still move my mouth to the beat Dial-up to your network and make your files delete Count to three, listen to you browse a beat Too late, foot already stepped in the feces Dr. Norton's too sick to help your PCs Virtually I make your virtual memory freeze With a weapon of mass destruction double you MD's I'm a TMC trouble to MCs Destroy colonies with UCAVs I send in no less than twenty 18s Wipe you out before I even get to the beach With my Trans-atmospheric space based mirrors Can you write that out without typographical error? Dumb fucks I'm the best ever whatever Divide 18 by 6 you get the third letter From the lowest earth orbit up to the heavens I bomb y'all wit lyrics of flesh shredders and petters forever As a spitter I'm still tougher than leather I had to go underground to get over the pressure Battle rap from the Renaissance multi-megawatt Bury you beneath the bedrock on the bed of rocks I could never get bored  I write about Hugsley vs Wibble Force, fuck writin killer chorus Copenhaven curriculum of metaphors Everything from Bob Marley to Tenor Saul The System of A Down song number 14 I see aerials in the sky when I dream The end is near I wish it would hurry up I feel nano-bacteria burning me up Before I explain in detail You should examine the Mahr's mineral samples under my nails Sometimes I wonder who's listening The auditory Pavlovian conditioning's so sickening My adenine, guanine, cytosine, And thymine is really what makes my rhyme supreme Soon as I hear the beat, bada-bing You gotta think: a hundred bars...damn, that's a lotta ink Eventually all of my albums'll be out of print There'll be a clone for every style I invent For every line I rhyme intense For all the time I spent, every word I spit since 96 If you could input at a hundred I could output way above it, if we in public, I double it Put this on your study list and go study, bitch Basically quoting Hammer you "can't touch this" I'm too assertive and alert for what its worth My best piece of work is still yearning to be birthed Class Dismissed Cenoir Studies from Canibus [Outro] There is something mystical, but it's not RARE and nobody should treat it as though this is something special that writer's do... anybody--anybody born physically able in the brain can sit down and begin to write something and discover that there are depths in her soul or his soul that are untapped The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Canibus Album: Mic Club: The Curriculum Song: C Section Typed by: JLa_aka_alpha@hotmail.com This is the C section Rippin and wreckin the lyrical legends sendin y'all to mic club heaven This is the C section A lyrical legend second to none in this profession [Canibus] I spit it exquisite And rip it minute by minute I'm in it to win it You fuckin rhyme with bis you finished Lyrical menace scrape enamel off your teeth like a dentist With a senator minister from the executive senate Pro-gression followed by metaphorical methods Testing 1 2 3 4 testing testing Supreme supremacist nemesis to competitors Predators eat intestines of anything they entrusted in Slice you like lettuce and celery start seven Then make a mc salad out of suckas and sell it For an expensive percentage With nine tenths of the credit Drink red bull beverage to increase lyrical leverage I only give respect to mic club members and my own mentors In the center of my circle where I dare you to enter This is art imitating life imitating art Imitating the brain simulating thoughts when I talk Idealistically I spit for free The cinography of the rhyme is what balances me Challenges me E A six speed prowlers Superior air power Fly around us with propulsion that's soundless Spittin rhymes out by the thousands Nitro-glycerin tablets under the tongue calm me down a bit Attitude cynicism and lassitude Battle you? come on dude I should slap you fool Spit what I'll leave your lips numb the friction is so sick son Your children disappear from a trition Rhythmic high intensity conflict is a given it Especially if Canibus is doin the rippin You snippin to clippin in the C-section incisions With scissors with rubber ergonomic grip for the fingers Liars for hire with a defense like Jeffery Fygar And rock it like thugs who work for mic club Hyped up and tear the mic up my man Move forward as expeditiously as I can Ain't nobody in the world like Bis The nitrous with radio telescopic devices Same type shit Facially hairless igogarious Jamaican-American Lyricist turned microphone terrorist Airlift me off the front line to my therapist So I can sit in his chair and tell him how much I care for this This is what they want this is what they love To engage in the exchange of ideas and drugs While I'm in the cut satellite trackin you rappers With months of food rations beneath the catacombs of Paris Theories of super-lattice and super-savage Atomic attack tachometers flash when I punch the gas bitch The farther I climb the harder I rhyme You gotta face death and survive to feel more alive The quality of life is an illusion of the mind Super-imposed lines look two-dimensional from the side According to the science of the C-section applied If they say I'm the best after I die don't be surprised I C-section the sky let my energy rise At the moment of truth I know it's definitely my time As my soul is eased through the sive I'll be grateful because I lived The only drawback is that I didn't have kids To C-section my beautiful whiz And see the resemblance of my face in hers or his Who knows what the future will bring It stresses me to think This mic meant everything now it doesn't seem important Now I gotta follow orders defend borders From Maine to California Seattle to Florida If I could talk to the Oracle I know what I'd ask her I'd speak to her about my passions As the hourglasses turn my life passes I'll just wait till I see the master and I'll just ask him Forget it that's the future this is the present A message to anybody listenin to the C section [Chorus] - repeat 2X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Canibus f/ Luminati Album: Mic Club: The Curriculum Song: Drama A/T Typed by: delnegro@mail2hiphop.com [Canibus] Executive Order 11002 The reason you know me but I don't know you You really wanna know what drama is let me show you But keep in mind this is just one point of view Drama is livin' in a 3rd world country Fucked up and hungry without no money Drama is trying to adjust to circumstance Missing more than one leg or more than one hand Drama is being chased off ya' land By a funny looking man in a suit that works for the bank Drama is what's happening to the ecosystem And the animals it feeds, from the damage to trees To rainforests that get destroyed annually Damn is it just me who cares about the air that we breathe? Drama is the nuclear threat that we live with One bomb and everybody's dead that's some sick shit Drama is HIV statistics The infected person that you might have sex with, life goes on But drama is living with the afterthought that maybe you could have prevented it Drama is imminent, it comes in other forms The sick pedophiles who support child porn Never mind the offenders Think about what the victims go through and what the fuck they gotta' live wit Drama is the prison population Some belong there but also some belong on probation Drama is not being able to change one thing Cause the system you live in says you ain't shit Drama is corporate scandal Drama is a handful of CEO's playin' you for a damn fool Drama is being a millionaire But gotta' recoup half the budget from your 10 percent share Drama is having one too many women Even though you always need a spare one to swim in Drama is dealing with your jealous impulses Learning how to hold it all in with no emotion Drama is blind devotion Drama is having your deepest secrets exposed in the open Drama is having your heart broken And the person who broke it doesn't even motherfucking notice Drama is trying to carry a burden all by yourself on your shoulders and it don't exist Drama is being falsely accused, Drama is the latest news Drama is what gives people clues Drama is a tool you can use to distract ya' enemy so they never improve Drama is the fear of devils and the fear of God Drama is a long and hard Tech support desk job Drama is the life of an up-and-coming actor or rapper Or athlete or building contractor Drama is a rookie cop calling for backup The 3 strike perpetrator that's getting tatted up Drama is the spin zone of a politician Drama is K-Solo when he said the rhyme did it Drama is the struggle of change Drama is inevitable there is no other way Drama is what drains life force out of you Drama is negative but drama can empower you Drama is love, Drama is pain Drama exists in everything everyday Drama is the Yen, Drama is the Yang Drama is the innate nature of man Drama contracts, Drama expands Drama is what I am [Luminati] Pull up a chair to the aristocracy of commonwealth prophecy The legacy of generation three isosceles Logical geometry, illogical melodies Integrated with memories that mix melodically Beyond the insight of what a modern-day monkey sees Get chopped in three for pathetic hypocrisy False bureaucracy breeds poetic monopolies Chateau de Trevano is my property An addict for drama and dramatic oddities Addicted to bottles of sticky green botany In a reflection of the split seas you see me in 3D Tripping off three hits of E Half-a-tablet for you 2-and-a-half for me A rappers speech is slurred for eternal depravity Naturally ignore gravity project astrally Ascend gradually till the stratosphere passes me Earth's actually esoterically absent to me Take a crack at me with blurred clarity - battle me Spiders crawl outta the skin the six headed beast Evil beings that wrestle with demons in the deep Useless to eat 200 pounds of rotten meat Shrink heads drink black milk collect black teeth Luminati tribal chief wear it as trophy piece My women are ornamented with a blood soaked wreath Like Christmas minus Christ plus the heat The Ascended Master, leader of all immortal freaks Voodoo curse on your last and future release Unleash the worst plague put the world under siege Till your name is unheard and your face is unseen Till your just a nightmare of an accursed dream Tell the supreme to curse your whole team and your unborn seed Poison your queen like the Furher's last week In the blood filled streets your a leech Less than a man a poverty stricken thief with grief At night you speak to Satan before you go to sleep Worshipping the flesh like poor pagan priests Your future's oblique I command your heart to seize its beat Thou shall inherit disease, drama and defeat... Drama... Drama... Drama... Drama The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Canibus Album: Mic Club: The Curriculum Song: Dr. C Phd Typed by: MCHeadcase@aol.com * * send corrections to the typist Yo, I plan to build a myself a facility before I'm 40  a molecular archceogenetic laboratory  that can analyze complex poetry data for me  even if it was recorded poorly, how extraordinary  I frog leap over awful beats  then I separate rappers by the carbon-14s  to determine the age of anything ever made  regardless of how the outside surface has changed  I put a curse on your name, bombard your brain  with gamma x-rays till you burst into flames  with the scientifically quantifiable megalomaniacal  viable style, it's like trying to ride a bull  let's have a dictionary duel after school  check into me a nice Cedar Sinai room  so I can get sick as the flu, spittin the truth  if you ain't got this album, you missing the proof  prepare for your doom my nuclear rocket plumes  glow against the pale background of the moon toxic fumes spoil complete stocks of fruits, and foods burning your flammable boxes and booms  got in the groove even though I'm not in the mood  motherfucker you didn't win 'cause I can't lose  give the fans the chance to choose, fuck you  who's the illest, who's it really up to rapping fire, you better run for the pacifier  tie you up and drown you in the saliva quagmire  till your oxygen expires and your lungs dry up  'cause you said Bis ain't dope, you a damn liar  disaster for hire over beats by pious  flow like the Tigris, Euphrates, with the Eye of the Tiger  in my iris, Canibus is a fighter  motherfucker, my greatgrandfather was Irish  let's roll the dices, 'll break you like young Tyson  give me the mic man, I don't need no hype man  put a thousand on me, put one on him  i tear off his limbs, throw him in, and tell him to swim  yo I soak that shit and coat that shit in soy sauce  tell the FCC boss, turn that noise off  call Detroit's Mafia Boss  tell him yo, I got a job for you, I want you to bust his balls  Drop him off by Niagra Falls  write my name on a banana and put the banana between his jaws  nobody disrespects lyrical law  I'm the best there ever is and the best ever was  training like a grunt face down in the mud  with blood, sweat, and tears, sucking it up  yo, you wonder where I am right now  I'm probably somewhere on the microphone fucking it up  dead or alive, Canibus will live through the rhyme  to be the illest on the mic is a mission of mine  spittin' divine, you can't get it twisted this time  vocal with a mirror to make sure my lips are aligned  Dr C, PHD graduated from UMG  bright as the LCD display on a new MP prototype of a true MC  with 3d topography maps you can't see  Butcher on Broad Street, wrapping CDs  in butcher paper, doing artwork with Sharpies  if you don't like the quality, then talk to me  what the fuck you on the website for you creep?  punching the keys, remember that sound  that's exactly what it sounds like when i'm punching your teeth  kick a rap, bitch, if you've got the gumption to speak  stand next to me, i might put a lump in your meat  diss you and your man, double the beef  to tell you the truth, I thought your rebuttal was weak  round the outside, blah, blah, etcetra, etcetra  the body of my literature is bigger than South America  nigga look, this is all I gots to say  suck my P-H-D-I-C-K The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Canibus f/ Rip the Jacker Album: Mic Club: The Curriculum Song: Bis vs. Rip Typed by: ermatthe@vt.edu [Rip] Yo, you fuckin' hate me, you fuckin' lock me in the basement And you still want me to protect you - it doesn't make since Can-I-Bitch. I supported you like a weight bench Without me you're defenseless you better face it You ain't show me love when you was at your apex Getting paychecks up at the radio with DMX and Flex Catching wreck while Noreaga was catching his breath I had to keep the situation in check Look at the vericose veins in my neck, Jermaine is the best The industry fucked you, I'm just paying 'em back What's the matter with slayin' jackers? That's all I've been doin' Besides talkin' shit I ain't done nothin' to 'em They just mad cuz when I see 'em I don't run up to 'em Between me and you, yo you know I run right through 'em [Bis] Calm down [Rip] Who you telling to calm down nigga, I'm a ripper remember? I told you not to do "Gone Til November." But you wouldn't listen. I always had your best interests in mind I wrote all your best lyrical lines If it wasn't for me you'd be writin' pitiful lines On stage if you was tired, I was spittin' sometimes Nobody knew you bit off my rhymes I would just be quiet, stand to the side and let that shit ride But I'm getting tired of having to remind you Bis If it wasn't for me nobody would've signed you Bis [Bis] What?! Man, why you trippin', you know it's a crazy business You a lying ass bitch and you know it Group Home was part my company, I co-owned it If its one thing I learned in show biz Stay focused and don't quit Rip Why you talkin' 'bout old shit? [Rip] Germaine, you fuckin' water brain Don't you understand, fuck the mainstream You should just call out names The industry's all about game I shit on 'em all the same And I leave spit stains on their brain Like liquid chocolate spilling over their new white trainers Insane is an understatement, I'm Satan Canibus is amazing, I don't know what the fuck Germain is I just know that both of y'all are trying my patience I don't give a fuck about a beat, I've been rhyming for ages Rippers are dangerous. All jackers are afraid of us You wanna face me Bis? Kick a rhyme! [Bis] That's ridiculous [Rip] A'ight then, listen to mine I jump in a costume impromptu just to rob you Put the nozzle to your eye ball and tell you what not to do Rip your tonsils out through your nostrils Bury you next to shark fossils Make it impossible to find you Depths that Jacque Cousteau himself wouldn't dare to dive to With goggles, oxygen bottles and Doppler effect modules Lock you in a time capsule, smash the console Shit on you in reverse and suck you in a brown hole Suck the power out of your soul You're nothing but a coward in the cold freezer with a hour to go Watching my Casio stop watch, counting it slow Like drug lords checking to see if it's talcum or coke I can kill you by drowning the globe Or I can just spit inside of a hole and put an ounce in your throat In battles I'm a thousand to no. I silenced the Pope Do you know how many rhymes I've economically grossed? No? I thought so Neither do I Its a dick between your mother's thighs divided by pi I'm the sickest linguistically, illicit lyrical misfit, in the business And probably in existence. What's your consensus? Study my own syntax statistics since '96 With CPA certified assistance I made a decision that my standards are above precision The only thing I can honestly say I love more than women Are dope writtens. If it ain't dope then don't spit it Don't be sensitive and get on the defensive Just practice your penmanship If you can't spit at high temperatures then just quit Be careful of the tongue it tends to bend to the left According to manufacture's specs you'll make a mess And rupture the blood vessels in your neck fucking with Rip Got millions of blueprints on zip disk Stock versions of sick verses that come with conversion kits With a course every Thursday that teaches you how to burst like Rip You never experienced work like this, Bitch! Welcome to the serpentine world where I spit The world where I twist, the world that I rip, the world where I live [Bis] Okay Rip you made your point, I can't out-rap you You said you was the illest, I would never doubt that too A lot of these rappers is jealous that's why they attack you They think you the best, that's why they wanna battle you At the moment of truth I let you design the tattoos You are the illest alive. That's a fact that you proved Just a couple rappers don't want it to happen for you Raggin' on you like battling is all you can do You didn't sell enough units to be honest with you Nobody knows the truth, you got talent out the gazoo When niggas first heard you it was like "Man on the Moon" You got dissed by a legend but you damaged him too So what if the ladies think he's more handsome than you What happens if the rumors about being a faggot are true? Look what it's running into I don't feel like having this discussion with you I'm tired of fucking with you Niggas in the game don't wanna do nothing with you Bussin' with you. Going one on one with who? They wanna get rid of you. Shit is too lyrical Headhunters out to get you. That's why I had to protect you I wouldn't disrespect you as another intellectual Without you I'm unsuccessful God bless you What makes you think I left you or why I'd ever be tempted to? Ever since my third album I've been mentioning you I got your name on my arm, I'm representing you You Rip the Jacker. I would never question you I respect your opinion as a professional nigga I just want you to listen to what I'm telling you What happened between L and you, forget it People know you won the battle, they will give you the credit A lot of people don't want to admit it But I consider it a real privilege To bear witness to your lyrics and be involved in sharing the merits I'm forever indebted I just need you to chill for a second so I can send a positive message Like Tupac before he left us The author of the work ethic Genesis Has inspired me to write the ExeBis scripts As a constant reminder not to forget Bis But I've reached a precipice Remember Rip You can't rhyme forever, there's always somebody with better shit I keep you out the public eye for a reason You're a commodity Rip. Ain't that how you wanna keep it? I keep your whereabouts secret I bring bitches to the crib every weekend so why is you beefin'? [Rip] Ayo, stop patronizing me You despise me All you wanna do is steal rhymes from me You constantly keep me behind walls of concrete Lock me in the basement like a fuckin zombie If I was a priority You'd acknowledge me You ain't shit neither, you ain't got no college degree You can't rhyme without me Stop smiling at me Give me the keys to the garage, I need to borrow the Jeep Get the fuck out my face Bis! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Canibus f/ Vinnie Paz  Album: Mic Club: The Curriculum Song: Liberal Arts Typed by: mumdog1@yahoo.com [Voice-Over] Once more, it has been done That in order to save it You would have to raise the specter again I am going to tell them the truth About their ministry of justice  But if we didn't though It would surely be cause for war! [Canibus] Ok its time to get started.. Don't want to but the forces forced me When it can't category allegory  They translated it for me U-M-L-O-U-T: Umlaut That's the reason I bend vowels when I spew from the mouth Spit threw and out the very grotesque few are best Burn through vests  Since the university of Budapest Sitting in a room with a windowless view Concentrating; looking at you Freeze frame frozen at the very moment The wormhole opens You know Canibus has spoken The circumference of a third eye so vibrant To me, Ezekiel's Wheel was just a spare tire My epithelial genetic fiber was forged in the protoplasmic fires in a black geyser The explosion can described as a white Iris When the absolute began, I don't know where I was I musta just been a piece of micro dust That's why I the fuck love mics so much My micro, macro robotic rap flow The Magna Carta of the entire rap world Mayflower 2002 Phase 1 Adapt to the press of gravity is laid on my lungs The theory of communication called cannons Dissertation with a makeover in camouflage makeup Light waves bend to the wake of bust Mics buckle with white knuckles, metacarpals crush Acid reflux all over your face, you fuck Grab heart with bare hands,  Squeeze and spray blood You iller than me? Gimme a call: W-W-W-N-A-M-I-org Dear boss,  You mind if I share my thoughts? Psychotherapy is expensive, can you share my costs? In a cushioned room with leather doors Handwriting experts take a look at the letters I draw Excessive graftedness, there's no space between words Excessive cross-outs: it must be my nerves Rhymes that vaporize dis-ablize and destabilize Pray to God, say Goodbye Six minutes Vinnie Paz you're on Lyrically this is the liberty of Liberal Arts Canibus: Consume Creatine and Create cAnibus: Anemometers analyze air intake caNibus: The H.N.I.C that narrates canIbus: Innate intelligent Interface caniBus: Biogenetetic Behemoth obliterate canibUs: Youth on fire, You both bleed canibuS: Micnificentlly sound Mc Liberal Arts with JMT [Vinnie Paz, AKA Ikon the Verbal Hologram] I'm the god of war,  the resurrector of the horror-core The carnivore, destroying you wasn't hard at all I started raw, so the haters could see what could happen I was Allah while the pagans were speaking in Latin I'm the origin of science and math I'm the origin of everything you trying to grasp Been dying to ask if Jedi Mind is the real Well I'll let you inside my mind and you decide how it feel I'm dying to kill And bring to you apocalypse I start a lot beef with lots of guns and lots of clips Fuck the head, I'm aimin right for your esophagus Hang you from a hook then drink the blood your body drips I got the power of the lead a fucking shotty spits And leave you weaker than the mafia that's Gotti-less With Canibus: get deep like psychoanalysts Vinne Paz the fucking Hand-to-Fist-Philanthropist What? Its fucking Vinnie Paz daddy Yeah Jedi Mind baby (For the people of the world) Canibus baby Let it now be noted  Mic Club What's the fucking deal? That here in our decision This is what we stand for Justice, Truth and the value of a single human being [Canibus] Liberal Arts  Mic Club the Curriculum Can-I-bus hittin 'em Rippin 'em The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Canibus Album: Mic Club: The Curriculum Song: Curriculum 101 Typed by: KnowledgeGod@btinternet.com [Intro: movie sample] Claims are being made That for me go far beyond the available evidence In fact in many cases are contradicted by the evidence And that bothers me [Canibus] Forensic psychologist Samuel Dubious explains "You'll probably never understand Germaine" Incoherent speeches, puzzles in pieces The sub-chemical deepness of his glandular excretions Realms of Heaven and Hell Glowing angelic gel spliced with bovine leukemia cells Demons in Hell, they call to me I scream, "What can you offer me?" They reply, "Techno-Sorcery" They tell me the meek will never inherit the world Cause they're weak, standing on two twelve inch feet I dream quasi-Draconian dreams when I sleep Peyote leaves mixed with the blood of a priest In a room where the ceiling leaks of crimson grease Where the living eats the dead, and the dead reek Rock bottom transforms human beings to beasts Why the fuck you think we've got canine teeth? It's the optical stimuli of watching men cry I hope I've got time to repent before I die Bury me at the beach if the sea is out of reach Cause when I speak what's fluid becomes concrete Like a falcon up in the sky, ten thousand feet Looking down at you bitches looking at me Phase shifting at forty-five degrees I'm too crooked to see, I memorize the books that I read Sucking from the breast of knowledge constantly weaning Unbeseemingly a genius without meaning Try to visualize what Harry Houdini was feeling Handcuffed under water without breathing Near death on a fatal quest for air But why should anyone care? He put himself there His career was based on facing his fears To take destiny from the hand of the man upstairs He didn't mind the cold stares he got from his peers They couldn't tell him where he was going or how to get there It's better to be prepared and fail Than to be scared and unsure of yourself and still get killed Don't rhyme like I used to but I still got skills More than a couple confirmed kills under the belt Hunting emcees is like hunting elk Camouflaged in the dense brush for stealth, determined as hell I don't do this for anybody except myself Stuff a motherfucker like a trophy on my shelf Fuck the promo nigga I do this for dolo Flow from the first hour to twenty-four-oh-oh Round the clock as long as I've got a cup of cocoa But I'll be a no-show if my girl cries, "Don't go!" And she gives me blow more than two times in a row I'd rather chill with her than kill you with a rhyme that I wrote Count how many mics I've smoked, minus the G.O.A.T. 'Bus is dope, my battling average is higher than most When I'm on the mic I release fire from throat If you disagree please do it quietly folks Anybody better than 'Bis must be a hoax Black man? No! What about the 'Great White Hope?' What? Man you must be sniffing great white coke Don't you know that's like Gary Coleman fighting the Hulk? Still not even quite that close, a great white biting your rubber dingy boat Fifty miles out from the coast What the fuck is the Mathers with you? I'll beat you black and blue then I'll get a tat of you too Better yet I'll put a tattoo of me on you A ten by ten 'C' logo, neon blue The most theatrical emcee battle of all time I rip jackers like you; you know my call sign Killer cobras that hover over Jehovah In motorized auto-giros with sycamore rotors Hydrogen-peroxide gaseous vapors Technically these words shouldn't even rhyme off paper In theory, for every soul that can hear me, I'ma blaze them In practical practice my style's even greater Can't you see what I'm spitting? Can't you hear the difference? Compared to me you're energetically inefficient You need ten times the enzymes to process one of my rhymes You've got to rewind every one of my lines Do you know how to paraphrase? Do you even understand what the narrator is trying to say? The climax explodes; nobody can foreshadow my flow Figuratively the language is too dope Academic journals print my lyrical quotes They show parallelism in all the albums I wrote On any track I come off strong automatically Whether I write in an active or passive capacity Poetry that I spit is synonymous to a glyph Written on tablets of clay mortar mix Superb, truly superb! Analyze the words It's like observing the birds fly above the earth The Eye of Horus, the miniature torii within a giant torus With singularity on the chorus, I still sound enormous Borderline insanity trying to break through humanity's border With a new curriculum every quarter I'm the porter to the portal of the Secret Mic-Club Order Baptize you with Jamaican white rum and water If you've got a hundred bars then I know you're a warrior I'll be the one who awards you and pins the medal on you Dedicate a song to you because now you're honorable You want a record deal? Explain the lyrical grand unified field so I can test your skill Do it in front of the class, chart diagram it And write it in Latin, not Spanish god damn it Step back so I can look at it, (Speaking in Latin) Huh? What the fuck is that wack shit? You're clumsy and dumb like a hand with five thumbs Welcome to Mic-Club  Curriculum 101 The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Canibus Album: Mic Club - The Curriculum Song: Mic Club Outro Typed by: newos_crib_is@hotmail.com [Canibus] [Repeat x4 - quietly] This is a favourite short scene of mine Two famous lines, time flies Especially when you listen to rhymes Words become time and time is disguised Around the world in 80 seconds through a sentence Experience is the mother of all adventure Who knows the unknown? Where will you end up? Question yourself, who, when and what I tell you this much, it's up to every one of you Learn from the past or the future will punish you Power flows to those who remember Memory comes from words, words come from letters This is Mic Club's primary premise We tell history, we don't let history tell us Mic Club... [Repeat x2 - quietly] Mic Club The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Canibus Album: My Name is Nobody Song: My Name is Nobody Typed by: LordPD316@aol.com [Canibus] Nobody My name is Nobody My name is Nobody My name is Nobody My name is Nobody What's my name? Say my name! What's my name? Yo I never rocked wit Nas, I never rocked wit Rakim Allah I never gave y'all a hundred bars I never walked among the stars, I never rocked a mic on tour Never made some groupie bitch drop her drawers Never had a menage-a-troi, with girls lickin' my balls while I eat em' Nah, I never done that neither And I never wore that white wife beater On the video set with the Lost Boyz and Dogg Pound and smoked reefer I never had a Source quoteable I never rocked 50 bar vocals, on Beasts From the East wit Reggie Noble Never spit wit Keith Murray or Little Jamal I never rocked on stage at the Apollo at all To this day, if someone asked me "why were you silver on MTV?" I have to just tell them it wasn't me Cause I'm nobody [Canibus] Yo, I never been at the Mardi Gras, suckin' on ta-tas I never been to LA, or crissed to Ya Ya's I never been overseas I never been to Amsterdam walkin' right past the cops smokin' some trees I never had a battle with about a dozen emcees And simultaneously I brought em all to their knees I never been off the scene to long Never been totally gone, never appeared on a shitload of songs I never rocked with Eminem yet, yeah thats true People'll talk about it from now to the day that I do But I never made an impact I never changed rap, infact, sometimes I wish I could take it all back I didn't sell enough units I said I was the illest alive, and I didn't prove it I probably look stupid I guess I'm nobody I guess I'm nobody I'm so so sorry My name is Nobody My name is Nobody My name is Nobody My name is Nobody My name is Nobody My name is Nobody My name is Nobody (Nigga I ain't nobody to know) My name is Nobody (Get it?) [Canibus] Yo, yo It's like the rap community doesn't know what to do with me What if there was two of me? What if I persuaded some bitches to reproduce with me And create a whole crew of me? Only those that are as cruel as me, can rule with me I got a secret let's keep it between you and me And when I'm forgotten, you can say this at my eulogy You can say this at my eulogy You can say this at my motherfucking eulogy The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Canibus Album: My Name is Nobody Song: Stupid Producers Typed by: speckslim@hotmail.com Hook: These stupid producers (x8) Yo, wassup my main man? (Yo wassup Canibus?) What's your name? (DJ R2-D2) I heard you got beats (C'mon nigga, I got beats of pain) Yeah I hear what you sayin, but are they flames? (My shit is John Blaze) You got a card or somethin? (Nah) Put your number on the CD, I'll give you a call or somethin (It's just, I'm not gon' be here for long) How long you in town? (About a week or so) Where you stayin at man? (I'm stayin with my manager) Who's your manager, him over there? (Yeah) The nigga with the Southpole sweatsuit and permed hair? (Yeah! I been with him for 12 years!) Listen don't even trip, I just want some beats to finish my shit (How you tryin to come this time?) I'm lookin for some hard shit (some hard shit?) Yeah, like some Beat Brokers or Mark Sparx shit (Whatever you want, I can play it Canibus) Huh, play what? (The track, when do you want me to lay it?) Lay what? (See, aiight nigga, keep sleepin. I got heat!) Yo relax my main man I'ma call you, peace I got back to the crib, popped in the CD And turned it up loud to see if had some real beats ...I heard somethin I felt I hit the nigga on the cell to see if it was for sale Yo can I speak to DJ..(who dis? Canibus?) Yo I'm feelin tracks 2 and 6 (Those tracks are reserved!)..Whatever Bottom line: you give me the tracks, I give you the cheddar (Cheddar? Yeeah!) We can do it around 10pm (That's too late man) In the studio off of ??? (Can you come pick me up, nigga?) At that point, I didn't even feel like answerin him Stupid-ass motherfuckin producer got me real upset And I ain't even got to work with him yet I showed up at 10:30, so I was already late He showed up after me and forgot to bring his own DAT tapes He shook my hand with both of his hands And told me he could play it over again with both of his friends Yo, as long as I get tracks 2 and 6 I don't give a fuck who really produced the shit Just DO the shit (Okay, calm down.. You better watch who you beef with nigga, for real!) When I get back, I want it laid (You gonna pay me tonight?) Yeah you gonna get paid! I'ma leave, jump in the car, speed Go to my man, get some trees Get somethin to eat and I'll be back by 3 (Aiight) Hook (x4) {over hook} Will you be done by then? (It's gonna be fire nigga, trust me!) Hold up Five hours later you ain't laid nothin? Not one piece of percussion? You mean to tell me you ain't pressed one button? You think this is motherfuckin pre-production or somethin? You know we ain't got a budget Who told you to order lunch, bitch? (Hold up Bis, you ain't got no love for me? Your name's Canibus and you ain't got no bud for me?) You know what? Fuck it, I don't even want it no more Cause the track you sellin me probably ain't even yours (WHAT?!) Hook (x12) "I can't stop these teardrops of mine..." repeat till fade The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Canibus Album: My Name is Nobody Song: The Dungeon Typed by: GordonLiu4U@Yahoo.com [Canibus] It's like this y'all, Canibus y'all About to rip y'all with the raw shit y'all With my hard core raw dog Kurupt 'Bout to blow this shit the fuck up It's two-thousand B.C., 'bout to take it to two-thousand A.D Yea, my mother fucking man Ray on the track Check it out [Canibus] Yo, yo It's two-thousand A.D.: After Disaster Fly's buzz around a million rappers cadavers Never been the type to talk My ice-grill's like, looking down the wide jaws of a white shark 'Bout to rip off your arms like perforated paper A hundred times more sharper than stainless steal razors Shock you with an electrically charged taser 'Till you turn blue in the face, and die from asphyxiation The stench of a thousand ounces Grab you by the throat and blow my second-hand weed smoke down it Don't give a fuck what month you dropping in I'll be in the Dungeon hollering, 'fuck you and your cult following' You cum-swallowing transsexual fag With crabs, and breasts that sag, dressed in drag Running full-paged ads in the porno mags With pictures of you with a dick in your mouth and a dick in your ass Kurupt where you at? Yea, the Dungeon style Yea, the dungeon Yo Lyrically, I'm bananas My tongue moves like Hindu belly-dancers performing tantra I blur your vision like slow shuttled speeds on the camera Get up in that ass like colon cancer Brain cells handpicked Organically enhanced with third millennium medical standards My D.N.A. was tampered with By genetic engineers with scholarship grants that stupid in Stanford Canibus, too advanced for this shit Turn spit to gas vapour, then back to spit Your style is one-quarter bull, one-quarter horseshit One-quarter garbage, and one-quarter nonsense Make you nauseous 'till you vomit Like the Backwards Pharcyde video going forwards As I drink the blood of a thousand emcees I can tell by the taste of the pulp if they was hand-squeezed This is Transylvania, vampire mania You should be afraid of my fangs in your neck draining you I was made to bust, made to crush Any mic me and Kurupt touch, turn to dusk See? I'm as dangerous as they come Dangerous with or without a gun, I've been dangerous since day one Rhyme flows explode like pyros Stick to your ribs like chicken and thick gravy from Roscoes Get your head flown if you dumb in the dome Or struck with some stones 'till you feel numb in the bones You better keep your big mouth closed 'Fore I stick the muzzle of the chrome in that hole under your nose Send a signal to my index, and tell it to fold In the direction of my wrist bone to release your soul I told you to freeze, if I was you I would have froze But you chose the other route and got blown full of holes Pistol to your mug, cripple your tongue, rip through your lungs Write your name on your tombstone scribbled in blood Give me a little love There anybody out there that never felt one rhyme that Can-I-Bus bust? You a liar, liar, pants on fire Watch the G.O.A.T. with the ghost-writer get slaughtered by a tiger Seen him in the Pun video holding up his lighter Smeared his career like doo-doo inside a diaper My style is sicker than, infected women and men I'm so raw, I can catch AIDS without sticking it in Flip and dip like shrimps and scampi Switch language like a black kid raised by a Spanish nanny And we do it like that when we in the dungeon Past the motherfucking mic to Kuruption The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Canibus Album: My Name is Nobody Song: U Know Who Typed by: GordonLiu4U@Yahoo.com [Canibus] You know who snatched the mic from you know who But let's keep that between me and you You know who snatched the mic from you know who But let's keep that between me and you You know who snatched the mic from you know who But let's keep that between me and you You know who snatched the mic from you know who But let's keep that between me and you [Canibus] You know who snatched the mic from you know who I still got a lot of fight in me too It's the dragon in me, against the tiger in you It's already around my neck, they want to tighten the loop Ten steps ahead, twenty steps behind you Spit a rhyme in your ear just to frighten your boo Most niggaz rather ask me, 'You nicer than who?' When they really want to ask me, 'Who's nicer than you? The mic on the bicep is the proof, it ain't a lie it's the truth I'm just doing what I'm [___A___] to do I'm a two-thousand and two Canibus type-two Mic guru with gurus and [___B___] too Modules with blood vessel designed tube and My mind is moving to rewrite blueprints with new ink Click on Canibus and choose a link I abuse how you think, just get off my dick Rhymes so cold, I spit block-ice Gotta wear night socks at night, to stop vocal cord frostbite The R-type I.P.P.E.R. aconite Burning [___C___] and dark Hip-Hop nights [Canibus] You know who snatched the mic from you know who But let's keep that between me and you You know who snatched the mic from you know who But let's keep that between me and you You know who snatched the mic from you know who But let's keep that between me and you You know who snatched the mic from you know who But let's keep that between me and you You know who snatched the mic from you know who But let's keep that between me and you You know who snatched the mic from you know who But let's keep that between me and you You know who snatched the mic from you know who But let's keep that between me and you You know who snatched the mic from you know who But let's keep that between me and you The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Canibus Album: My Name is Nobody Song: Broke Ass Typed by: GordonLiu4U@Yahoo.com Yo I done been from Jersey to Brooklyn Done been through Queens where the crooks hang Done been on tour doing group thangs 'Cause I'm always tasting that pootang Really love it when a girl got a cute name Got a cute attitude and a cute frame Got a big ass butt, breasts, and no brain Them things make a nigga want to shoot game Now check it, I done been through a few thangs Done seen a lot more than some loose change Always been open minded to new thangs Been a Hip-Hop nigga since youth man Beat-box and break-dance too man Used to do electric boogaloos man Do Egyptian love with two hands I remember when I lived down south, yo In a hot ass one story house, yo Where the A.C. was always going out, yo Sometime spend a whole day outdoors We had a block-party, barbeque Eating food, in the pool Music got us in that mood Everybody act a fool I'ma tell you like this man Every night I go down to the city man To the gentlemen's club where my niggaz hang Them stripper chicks know how to strip man DJ's be spinning them hits man Play the Cash-Money clique and the Jigga man Them hoes be thick but sick man Every stripper think a mother fucking rich man Like Sisqo, the R&B singing man Think I got a bank account with a million man Case of Crystal cost about six grand Bitch better get a less expensive brand Got to stick to the budget when I trick, man How about ten dollars for a sip, man? My whole dance for a ten dollar tip, man Still waiting on my royalty check, man How about a rain-check next time, yo? How about a handful of coupons, yo? How about tickets to my next five shows Turn around, let me test that behind, yo I love a fine ho [Canibus] Girl, why you trying to get loud, screaming lies Acting surprised, rolling your eyes You act like a nigga done committed a crime You know my elbow just brushed your thigh Now them guys, twice my size Trying to throw a nigga like me outside I be up in this club all the time But it's the first time that I crossed the line Damn girl, why you so mean to me? You know I can't leave, I done lost my keys Don't throw me out, Mr. Bouncer, please Let me take the girl up to V.I.P She was just playing 'cause I'm low on cheese Look at it, she only got eyes on me They bloodshot red, so she's smoking weed You know how these stripper chicks love to tease I think I left my cell phone back at my seat I had a couple of drinks and I need a receipt Follow me to the bathroom to pee I keep about three G's in my briefs Damn baby boy, you done ripped my sleeve I ain't trying to beef, give me room to breath Why I got to leave, tell me what I done? [Canibus] God damn girl, give a nigga some love I'm all out of dubs but I'll give you some ones The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Canibus Album: My Name is Nobody Song: Get Off Ya Knees Typed by: Mastakilla1985@hotmail.com (Hook) Get Off Ya Knees! Change your style cause its time Nigga's want me to rhyme pre-99 No-one can flow with Bis, Most people notice But others just won't admit, They can't get over it Rhymes I been known to spit, Mic's I been known to grip Makes me the Ultimate, God father over this I'm just a ghost of rip A soldier in this show business don't exist if he has no defence My opponents are so intent, not to show respect They fret cause I'm a global threat I'm so hard to catch, a cold with Caleb I relocate so quick they can't close the net I expose the press, dispose of the prints On the loose again nobody knows what's next My virus infects Every machine with clandestine speech Nigga Get Off Ya Knees! (Hook) Yeah! Hip-Hop's habitat, Rip the Jacker's back This is battle rap, def while I master tracks I mix ant with thrax in your digestive track I suggest its wack then I side-step to the back I kidnap your X, For 10 million franks Make you shit your pants, you smell like septic tanks Just respect it man throw a fist in the air The distance is Near, Armageddon is here I permeate UN-worldly planes as they crash in the worlds that trades only my words remain Altruist Egoist - people are ignorant what is the meaning of meaningless meaningfulness? Formulas of primordial audio 40 ohms of euphorial anointed flows It was written so it shall be told Get off Ya knees, give me the microphone Fucker (Hook) My man-hood is massive, when it's not flaccid Bis is real cool when he's not Rip the Jacker I am modernist, I am complex Vicarious logic of bodily hardship Beat your ass till your teeth mash Sand blast your face blow a breeze past, make you bleed fast E-K-G's beep fast, Doctors speak fast For skin graft the patch over deep gash Give me details, how does meat smell? After a train derails into a field of gazelles! Step in the club; turn the crystal in your cups to red blood Fuck Ya Heads up! Suspend me from the game don't mention my name Impossible Can-I-Bus drugs in your brain Don't be a schmuck You act like a movie I've proved I'm the illest you cannot dispute me Get Off Ya Knees The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Canibus Album: My Name Is Nobody Song: Who Stopped Ya? Typed by: mr.limon@verizon.net * * send corrections to the typist [Canibus] Yo, who stopped ya? Separate the rappers from the actors The doctors from the proctobiologists Can't speak with common sense You got a dent in the medulla oblongata And lost some skills, five Percent Imma rock again How much you wanna bet Might throw a little fit Drown you with a little spit From the USA to Cairo Took the high road to Mohenjodaro Cause I'm a pharaoh If there was no tomorrow I'd still be the most sophisticated model of wordological babble The speech is called double speak For example if I said I was to bust the heat Till the sky touch your feet Open your eyes look at the concrete My name aint Germaine now you got the wrong beef It aint Canibus neither you got the wrong leaf You think Hitler's dead but you got the wrong teeth Like me rockin on another beat, right now While you still listenin to this one, blah-dow Being followed by a black cloud So imma just keep on rhyming and look at the ground I'll look up if you pass it around I'm the best lyricist hands down Motherfucker just look at your hands now Who stopped ya? Rap tighter than an anaconda Only one problem my work com sucks Syllables rush through the position of the teeth and the tongue Mouth to mic to speakers till its deep in your drum Speak with the tongue till sounds like I'm speakin in tongues When I'm done I'll leave you needing a lung Don't have to get up Cause I been up Doin sit ups and chin ups And an army chin up, I rip shit up Punch y'all for pair of fist cuffs with fist clutch When I'm getting my dick sucked I resuscitate sick sluts Gettin they clits mixed up Stick a plug in the butt OK Bis you been explicit enough Who stopped ya, who stopped ya? The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Canibus Album: My Name is Nobody Song: My Home Atlanta Typed by: jla_aka_alpha@hotmail.com It's that crunk crew, it's that crunk crew Blackened brothers in that crunk crew yeah (Chorus x 2) I love my home Atlanta My red and blue bandanas My slackin southern grammar Them sexy go-go dancers Cadallacs on hammers to braves hogs ballers and bangers Those marijuana smokers them marijuana planters I wake up in the morn Turn my playstation on Just bought that NFL blitz and that basketball I be deriving songs To see what's goin on I let my hair grow long maybe braid it in the fall Whenever I get bored I just jump in my car I go to Lennox mall and look for independent broads Sometimes I get annoyed They treat me like a scrub I go down to the schools Maybe I'll get more love 3 pm in the evening I'm on the highway speeding My front left tire's leakin Should have bought a new one last week-end I guess I wasn't thinking Up ahead break lights were blinkin For more than 30 minutes I was stuck in gridlock prison This traffic drives me crazy Goin west on 280 Five a bitch almost made me Crash into her Mercedes I'm glad I almost missed her I pushed the clutch and shifted It was a white lady I'd rather hit a sister Cause see I know the system It's easier to trick them I use my g to pimp em and convince them I'm the victim Naw baby you hit me No I was in lane 3 You need some contacts you can't see Naw girl you can't blame me Don't panic just be patient Give the bitch the wrong information She'll probably never claim it scared of high insurance payments I love my home Atlanta I love my home Atlanta I love my home Atlanta Chorus x 2 The land of pretty peaches Girls with round features Make a nigga say good Jesus these hos are dime pieces Start it off like what's your name Tell me what's your age You got a man Can we be friends I'm glad you feel that way Come on and ride with me I'll take you to that crunk bar where them sharks eat 5 stars baby bon appetite I got that shrimp appetizer with that dark meat If shorty wanna creep I'll bring her home with me Just bought some candles and that Carl Thomas cd Bootleg that Jay-Z Stole that Outkast Been had that Keith Sweat I know how to make it last Smack that naked ass You got a big butt. I ain't in no rush plus she like it rough Keep your stuff locked leather and handcuffs And those things you wrap around a mans you know what That's why I love Atlanta I can hardly stand-up I'm a heavy drinker Fix me a cup and sinker I always love Atlanta That's why I love Atlanta I love my home Atlanta I love my home Atlanta (Chorus x 2) As a youngster I was so damn bad Used to drive up the Ave with no tags Niggas couldn't see me I was goin so fast Most niggas catch whiplash and crash Face all chipped up from the glass Runnin from the police holdin ass If I get caught I'll just give them some cash Most police give me dap and laugh Other ones pull out behind the flash Take the night stick and tap the glass Tell me turn the music on it's on blast Turn the engine off cause I'm wastin gas Tell him that I'm lost and I need a map Looking for a hotel to take a nap Freenik off so I came for that It was good last year that's why I'm back That's when they tried to hit me His big fist barely missed me I have my camera with me I think I'll sue the city I love this place Atlanta that's why I love Atlanta I love my home Atlanta I love my home Atlanta (Chorus x 2) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Canibus Album: My Name is Nobody Song: Rip is Alive Typed by: fire_syde@hotmail.com Oh no! He's alive! Rip the Jacker! Master! Please help us! Please please ahhhh! I'm the real king of my kingdom I make my women practice isolationism as soon as I get 'em Run my world with an iron rod behind iron bars Enclosed behind iron doors in a small iron box in the corner Shielded behind fire walls with water doors Down the gaseous corridor Welcome to my world of horror A coroner with an immortal ora The rhyme slinging highlander ripper rip you to live longer Get strong every record that I record Morph my arms into a sword and clothesline you running forward You can't ignore Bis Mothafucker I started this As far as artists that spit Canibus is dominant Hot shit from a lava pit Studied by oceanographers At the oceans bottom with rocket ship sound effects A ripper in the flesh signed in ink, nigga You ain't ill if you need time to think You talk shit my personality splits You get ripped and that's it A +True Hollywood Story+ bitch In my world Jermaine's gone Canibus is just a Monica Stay behind to follow up and demolish you fucks Can-I-bus (Yeah!) now that's what I'm talking bout Call me Mr. spit shit also known as toilet mouth Y'all been warned about a million times I done wrote about a million rhymes since July '85 When I'm writing I'm impervious to fraud My fine arts verbal collage is worthy of the gods When I'm 30 years old I'ma quit rhyming Collect my own catalogue and open up a library Lock myself in solitary six months at a time Work at the university and teach sick fucks how to rhyme Nobody safe nobody say that they great I'll put a Jacker's whole body in a crate Trap your soul in an electromagnetic face Put the crate on a wide-low rider and drive it in a lake Look in my eyes then look in my face Nobody's here to arbitrate Realise its time for your fate The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Canibus Album: The Brainstream EP Song: Intro/The Brainstream Typed by: WhyteRob187@aol.com [Professor] I'm a University professor and so...haha I'm always a University professor so the most important people in this room are not us but the students And I want to say to you kids who've come along First of all, thanks very much for turning out And secondly, think about what we're talking about Because these are important issues Even if they're not on the test These are really important issues to you as a human being And I hope that you won't... won't agree with me... won't agree with any of us That you'll make your own minds up But I hope you will think about them and talk about them [Canibus] Ay yo One time for your M-I-N-D Canibus, this is the brainstream Two times for all of the MC's Canibus, this is the brainstream Brainstream nigga, yeah [Canibus] Uh-huh...uh-huh Yo, Yo, Ayo I spit so ferocious I can't stay focused Watch the ambience of the tone switch When I'm in mic mode, ELF overload The proverbial verbal toe to toe, foot to your throat Ding ding get in the ring nigga, answer your phone Rap so sick the friction will leave your lips swole Sippin on sour cold sauce syrup slow Rippin the flow till your face looks like strawberry pulp Scan your whole area code...call the crib like, "Is he home?" Tell him to come alone and "click" phone Spit rhymes and split skulls Miserable pitbulls leave you with turnakit wrapped wrist bones From Fort Hood to Fort Green My metaphors bling, Lord of The Rings, I'm the thorazine king Hold that... hold this... put the mic down before you catch thumbrosis You holding a Cris? I'm in your house feeding your fish in your robe and slips Holding your old ladies tit, frequent visitors stick a dick in her Supreme lyricist with built antique twenty fusion inhibitors Citizens scared of the minimum lyrical derivitive forty-four curriculum syllables caliber killing em Damn nigga, what you think of him? Feeling that nigga dun! For real, cause that nigga been spittin for a minute son They wanna get rid of him, that's why they belittle him on the mic He ain't human, that's what I keep tellin them If they don't wanna play him on FM then F-them He don't care about them, the mic is his best friend Throw a beat on and bless him Battle... bring ya best men, XXL X-Men My rap cracks the thermostat reset the temp at 180 degrees Please, it's no sweat, all I need to know is where and when Talk to my agent and make sure the craft service is Jamaican Record through 32x lense, right brain connect with left hem The REM is high res, my surveillance disrespect feds Anti-social, dyslexic, doing CAT Scans at the pet shem The MC mourtuary endorser, mortifier turns the audience to dismembered corpses Slap bootleggers with a novelty tax, enforced by the Rap Coalition Poverty Act Black balled, but whats it feel like not to be black? Universal got my stock, I want my property back Spit hard and never got a dime Spit the hottest rhymes, in modern times and still got ostracized For the intelligent community that reads my lyrics What I've writting deserves a legional merrit This is the precarious position of a rap star dead serious With hilariously bizzare, share your verses with the gods R-A-W-W-A-R, flow for 108 bars, I took nothing and gave all Yo, look up in the sky A burning star quasar when I rhyme Artwork of an undetermined design I still shine quoteables of an uncorrodable kind Lightning bolt struck the pen and I wrote a few lines The brainstream will be back online in due time Brainstream Nigga! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Canibus Album: The Brainstream EP Song: Got Bitches Typed by: wreck_havoc_p@yahoo.com * * send corrections to the typist [Canibus] chorus Got bitches Yeah Where can I get em? Right ova here my nigga Mad bars no edit no redirect Just hot shit niggaz never spit Apply for brain stream, you don't need credit Got bitches Yeah Where can I get em? Right ova here my nigga Mad bars no edit no redirect  Just hot shit niggaz never spit Apply for brain stream, you don't need credit [Canibus] Hot lyrics loop the beat and rock wit it Go head slam the door in my face ill lock smith it My box cutter blades rip it Toxemic the loop is out for lyrics when we out for fire spit it Put a high speed on the electrons limit light like quick googol bowlers Hitting the wicked get jig Fix my aperients take you to Paris Cook diner on a taros for you and your parents First impression what they think of me Don't they like legume Won't let you commit to me Tell them that you're live with me Tell them I dig you out diligently And you thinking about giving up anything just to have twins with me Turbo 911 98 degree weather engines wined as I push the leather Pin you to the leather I can prove I can love in 3 seconds So let me pull over and check your P.S.I presser [Canibus] chorus Got bitches Yeah Where can I get em? Right ova here my nigga Mad bars no edit no redirect Just hot shit niggaz never spit Apply for brain stream, you don't need credit Got bitches Yeah Where can I get em? Right ova here my nigga Mad bars no edit no redirect  Just hot shit niggaz never spit Apply for brain stream, you don't need credit [Canibus] New and improved updated sex pistols Clamp your nipples The betty ass sample  Leave your kidney crippled Cherry pickle lift you flip you like a nickel Scream and stay word girl I'm a keep wiping you  Eyes wide shout that word it's a dealy yo At R Kelly show showing his home amateur video Produced by a pinto at the house  The custodian of recorders is me not Mari Cabal  The best job in the world  Besides touring around with Jagged Edge With something whole coroner round  Rhythm & Blues get all the kuch kuch  No doubt and when I'm singing R & B this is how it sounds [Canibus] Singing Young lady you look so fine I cant turn my eyes away the way you look in the launderette and a... . [Canibus] chorus Got bitches Yeah Where can I get em? Right ova here my nigga Mad bars no edit no redirect Just hot shit niggaz never spit Apply for brain stream, you don't need credit Got bitches Yeah Where can I get em? Right ova here my nigga Mad bars no edit no redirect  Just hot shit niggaz never spit Apply for brain stream, you don't need credit  [Canibus] She wanna make it in her mouth  With the ta ta busting out show her what's love about  Spend the budget and bounds  No one would know she is going down south it don't count  Cause I never met a striper that respected her spouse  Beat her ass as soon as she steps in the house  What she a spec  She kissing him with D.N.A we left in her mouth  She blaming it on the drugs and the vine Club seen is obscene I told you umpteen times  You want to be an actress  Why you proud of her haven't shit change but the dick sliding in and out of her  Ain't nobody looking out for her  The appointment with the casting coach counselor is really just about a nut  Aint no photographer taking no snap shots of her  With no car board cut out camera for 20 dollars  Why that bitch telling you she got the part  She got spit starch on somebody's boxer shirts you heard [Canibus] chorus Got bitches Yeah Where can I get em? Right ova here my nigga Mad bars no edit no redirect Just hot shit niggaz never spit Apply for brain stream, you don't need credit Got bitches Yeah Where can I get em? Right ova here my nigga Mad bars no edit no redirect Just hot shit niggaz never spit Apply for brain stream, you don't need credit The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Canibus f/ Kurupt, Ras Kass Album: The Brainstream Song: Horsemen Enforcements Typed by: Westsideodee@yahoo.com * * send corrections to the typist [Ras Kass] Killah Priest, Canibus, Kurupt, Ras Kass Horsemen. Enforcement MATRIX, NIGGA! [Kurupt] We, reconstruct (horseman) Re-decompose, disassemble The thirteenth member Around the compound of 15 soldiers Lead by four to start off the war [Ras] FEE, FI, FO, FUM! I smell the blood like Nosferatu! Inhale invisible death like CO2 Slum you, your label mates, and your CEO too See we know you, nigga, IOU [Kurupt] Cockin the heat, miser, feel the heat, dunn The elite and street sweep Pop hollow chrome, holla Separate your collar-bone, marauder Neo alotta(?), the anointed, don't get pin-pointed Yeah, you bout to spread, we comin for head Horseman, headless The tactical tech technical technique torturous technician! Hybrid, the virus spread miles around Miles and miles, bodies found in piles for miles [Ras] You niggaz comedy with that gangsta rapper rap That shit's comedy like Bernie Mac doing Beanie Sigel fuckin rap Like magic how funny niggaz disappear your fame Damon Wayans vs David Blaine Tuck your chain (hell in a hand basket.... fight back...) [Chorus Ras] Kick in the door wavin the 4-4 (what?!) To hit these niggaz with these ill metaphors (what?!) Forever raw, forever love that hardcore (what?!) Horsemen, bring the World War Four (what?!) [Ras] We run these concrete streets, sportin cleats Ain't nothin sweet (faggot!) That harocyglemic(??) rap is weak! I swing machetes and chop niggaz legs off complete Glue your ankles to your palms: Meet the agony of defeat (the feet)! [Kurupt] You can't push me, believe it I bash niggaz til they paraplegic The source, the force, the flame! The inner duct, the powder, the outer, the frame We the horsemen, fuck the game! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Canibus Album: The Brainstream EP Song: Here 4 Free Typed by: WhyteRob187@aol.com [Female #1] Girl! Look over there...is that Canibus? [Female #2] I Don't Know [Female #1] It looks like him [Female #2] I think it is [Bouncer] Is your name on the list? Who you here to see? [Canibus] I don't think I'm on the list I'm just here for free [Bouncer] You got a video out? You got a platinum LP? [Canibus] Yo why does that matter? I just came for free [Bouncer] Alright Bis Let him through [Female #1] Where's he been? [Canibus] Damn girl look at you now, huhh On T.V. With that pretty smile, huhh Truth is I miss you and I wanna tell ya But I ain't got no numbers, email, or nothing You know I seen you at the Bad Boy for life shoot You was wearing a tight light blue Nike suit I remember when I connected eyes with you You winked at me, I thought that was really nice of you I remember once staying up all night with you Writing with you, talking bout life with you, it was exciting too I'm assuming you did the same cause you cared Girl, don't you remember all the laughter we shared We used to talk about why Pras failed so bad And why the hell Wyclef's breath smells so bad Okay, I know I don't need to tell em all that But we was kinda feelin each other, you can't deny that We worked on records together, you murdered them tracks I think it was sexy how you said the verses like that You said, "Free be the one rockin shyt, special operative, specialize any weapon diagnostic" Just thinkin about it got me souped up I wanna hug you in your birthday suit, what Damn, this record is getting out of hand I'm crazy, you probably already got a man In that case I hope you hear this song Sincerely yours, see you at 106 & Park The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Canibus Album: The Brainstream Song: Microphone Meticulousness Typed by: Westsideodee@yahoo.com * * send corrections to the typist Ooo ya done fucked up now Oo boy it's the brainstream blazing the green rip the mic no matter how wasted I seem yee Is this what you want? [Canibus] Yee yo yo I rap that shit when the mic check that shit Canibus nigga he the best that spit Fuck the fact that I never had a hit I don't need it cuz I never met a rapper that I ain't rip Walk strap wit a mic and a 50 minute DAT for the night just incase your show ain't tight Step on stage and paste left to right Like a lion ready to bit you dieing tonight More lines to your forehead than Brian McKnight A thousand volt voice box I'm a fry them tonight I've been shitin on site Meticulousness with the mic takes a mic and rips it like a Corbin knife Lyricist that don't lounge Break a nigga down Since you're iced out you can keep the sweating down Lift you of the ground till your bitch screams Put him down he's a mic club member now Beat you wit my braw Force you to speak loud Like motherfuckers give me 50 bars right now Plus another 50 that's not 100 You spit 86 you trying to tell me you can't count Throw you in the sweat box let you sweat in out 1 2 3 4 1 bar figure it out You should feel you maggots aren't ready for the illist rappers Allied metaphors in this joint active compensative comp linens in the rhyme science Protected by mic club security advisers Pick the mic up and train Till my voice becomes number one again on a Marge ton exchange Too violent to tame Move vein pump thro my veins Cuz I never been embraced by the game Put emcees to shame With the lyrical linguist spiting vintage colonial English Like who art thou, bow to the 10 inch dick suck on it I'm the aflame of this shit From the king of the past bringing it back Tell the queen of the pride to come sit on my lap Her body is spotless she ain't got one scratch So you could keep them other ugly bitchs in the back [Chorus: repeat 3X] Niggaz want to bust like the canibus on the mic but they can't bust like the canibus can Niggaz want to bust like the canibus on the mic but they can't bust like the canibus can Niggaz want to bust like the canibus on the mic but they can't bust like the canibus can The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Canibus Album: The Brainstream Song: I Can - U Can't Typed by: GordonLiu4U@Yahoo.com [Canibus] Can-I-Bus, ripping them Forty-four curriculum syllabus caliber killing them nigga [Canibus] Y'all niggaz want to fuck with the illest, you can't Y'all niggaz want to talk about lyrics, you can't Watch me take it over the limit, 'cause I gets busy as a motherfucker Give me a minute Y'all niggaz want to fuck with the illest, you can't Y'all niggaz want to talk about lyrics, you can't Watch me take it over the limit, 'cause I gets busy as a motherfucker Just give me a minute [Canibus] Yo This is cannibal rap, Canibus cancels your stats My vandals in black'll take a hammer to your motherfucking plaque A Mack eleven when I'm clapping a rap You can't battle that, your fans need to understand the facts You ain't even got the balls to rock on the track If you do, then do the damn thing And call your man back I treat you like a lab-rat, and shove a cactus up your ass crack Stop the bleeding with a Tampax In fact, you're so vain you probably think this rhyme is about you But really, nigga, I'm doing better than without you Lyrically, I'm a mouthful, throw blows too low to crouch too Pick a mic up and joust you Brainstream in the cranium, lyrical arithmo mania The creator of a greater sum Updated lungs were created by the pyramid builders With silvers injectors, equipped with K.N.N. filters To keep out the filth and the dust, when I bust, you hush Or I just sh-sh-shit you and flush You want Hip-Hop? Then yo, Canibus is a must Give a fuck if the shit flop, nigga, I still bust For real, I don't complain, I don't explain Been profane before I had a name in the game I spit a verse, delete out the curses Reverse it, and verse it, write it out in cursive I don't have to learn it, so if you want to teach then teach But don't preach, if you got something to say, speak but don't reach Yo, tell me what your problem is, why you mad at me? What's the big tragedy? Why you want to battle me? You the one with all the dough up in all the magazines Every time I look, your ugly ass is on the screen So what's the fascination with me? Rhymes aside, I'm a small fry, waiting for a little mic time Yo, all I do is write rhymes If a nigga, disrespect my mic, he disrespecting my pride I beat you and beat you, 'till I defeat you If you beat me, then I'll regroup 'Till the beef is on the meat-hook 'Till the gas bleed from the juke And rap music is read in my book Curriculum carpet bombing leave the street shook If you want to get at Canibus, nigga, get in line The best rapper in the world reserves the right to decline [Canibus] Y'all niggaz want to fuck with the illest, you can't Y'all niggaz want to talk about lyrics, you can't Watch me take it over the limit, 'cause I gets busy as a motherfucker Just give me a minute Y'all niggaz want to fuck with the illest, you can't Y'all niggaz want to talk about lyrics, you can't Watch me take it over the limit, 'cause I gets busy as a motherfucker Just give me a minute [Canibus] Yeah, it's the lyrical landmine Got you motherfuckers on stand by Yo, Can-I-Bus? C.A.N.I.B.U.S You know I'm the best Yeah, one time when we emcee Magazine clip never empty, motherfucker, don't tempt me The Brainstream, blazing the green The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Canibus f/ Sade Album: The Brainstream Song: King of Sorrow (U Didn't Care Remix) Typed by: troyqueens7@hotmail.com {*lightning and thunder*} [Whisper] King Of Sorrow [Female] Yea, Yea, Yea, Yea, Yeah... Sorrow [Canibus] Whattup Em? It's ya biggest fan It's not even necessary to introduce who I am by now, cuz we're good friends Remember the letter I wrote Before Atlanta on Up In Smoke That's the day I was gonna cut ya throat I guess my watch was broke -- cuz by the time I woke I seen my watch was twelve hours late and I missed the show But none the less I'm glad that I finally reached you Ever since the accident I've been dying to speak to you To tell you things have changed And I'm a different man A different level of understanding I'm a different Stan Things are a lot better I promise I won't harrass you with any letters Saying things like "We should be together" I meant we should start a group The industry's full of homosexuals Slim But I don't wanna touch you I got a new attitude, really, I ain't mad at you I just wanted you to recognize I got talent too [Sade Singing] Sorrow.. [Both] You Didn't Care [Sade] King Of Sorrow.. Of Sorrow.. [Canibus] You Didn't Care [Sade] King Of Sorrow.. [Canibus] I Just Wished You Cared [Sade] Sorrow.. [Canibus] When I say talented, I don't mean battle Slim I mean storytelling, kinda like how your album is I been attending counselin and taking medicine They did some tests on me at NIH in Maryland They showed me techniques to help me deal with pressure Whenever I remembered that crazy night when I was being reckless Drivin with a deathwish On the bridge and I crashed into a Lexus Right before I finished that last sentence I was listening to Xzibit's album "Restless" The next thing I knew I was under water and breathless I was unconscious for a second Literally dying to go to heaven Till some fellas came and pulled me from the wreckage They started CPR, then they called the paramedics In retrospect I probably shoulda used a gun to end it By the time the car sunk My pregnant girlfriend was still in the trunk And I was still feelin kinda drunk The ambulance came and they put me on the stretcher Hooked me up to the IV and checked my blood pressure One of them was so concerned that they wouldn't leave He hopped in the back of the ambulance and rolled up some trees My vision was blurry, I couldn't really see I just remember his voice talking to me In the emergency room I needed surgery to get some glass removed And fifty stitches for my wounds [Sade Singing] Sorrow.. [Both] You Didn't Care [Sade] King Of Sorrow.. Of Sorrow.. [Canibus] You Didn't Care [Sade] King Of Sorrow.. Of Sorrow.. [Canibus] After a couple months of therapy I figured I was as ready as I'd ever be I wanted to be an emcee He took me to shows wit him He let me flow wit him He let me write some rhymes and go on tour wit him I really believed in him I decided to team wit him And now I'm overseas wit him, gettin cheese wit him And I'm MC'ing wit him I'm havin the best time of my life And I'm writin the best rhymes of my life (both *rhymes of my life*) He introduces me to people as his lyrical equal Let me write a rhyme on his album and even produce a beat too He ain't see-through I can't see him frontin He's not the type to call you just because he needs something That's what I like about him I wouldn't want to rock a mic without him He's got cajones and he's not a coward Matter-a-fact, I think he met you It was the day you came to his video shoot with DJ, Jimmy's nephew 'Clef stepped to him and told him he should step to you That you was ghost writin for L, but that wasn't true You was lookin at him the same way I'm lookin at you Why can't we be friends Em'? I don't want nothin from you You see there's a little bit of Stan in all of us Tell me where you think all of these record sales spawn from Talkin 'bout Britney and Christina Aguilera Nsync too, have you ever looked in a mirror? Your hair ain't really blonde, and ya eyes ain't blue So never diss me, cuz when you diss me your dissin you. [Sade Singing] Sorrow... yea, yeah Sorrow.. [Both] You Didn't Care [Sade] King Of Sorrow... no Of Sorrow.. [Both] You Didn't Care [Sade] King Of Sorrow... said you didn't care, you didn't care You didn't care, You didn't care [Canibus] Why didn't you care? [Sade] Sorrow.. [Both] You Didn't Care [Sade] King Of Sorrow... no, no, no {*fades*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Canibus Album: The Brainstream EP Song: How Many MC's Typed by: MCHeadcase@aol.com * * send corrections to the typist How many MC's must get dissed before somebody says dont fuck with Bis? (How many MC's? ....) ... Dont fuck with Bis [Verse 1] Yo, I'm valued as one America's most prestigious breeds of rapper for oral speeches and ghetto english Canibus, Can-I-Bus is my LLC Limited Liability Corp, can you spell that for me? When I was young I wish I had someone to tell that to me Here's my card, Poet Laureate since 1803 I know people who have written newspapers on me Some are greatful to me, others be hatin on me You wanna bet I aint the illest? What you tradin' wit G Occasionally I can feel the ripper ragin in me I dunno, maybe it could be how the industry behaved with me and lets say probably the Jamaican in me It could also be Universal wasn't patient with me if they weren't payin me I coulda called it slavery The way they blatantly labeled me some satanically motivated rapper that was related to beef I know I'm strange but my blood ain't green and I never needed a team because I'm not as dumb as I seem The trinity divided into a dozen light beams the future Ive seen has humbled my dreams to come in famine and disease But lemme chill I sound like Priest, and I dont really feel like gettin deep Yall niggaz know anyone of The Horsemen could rip shit But how many MC's must get dissed? [Chorus](2x) [Verse 2] Ya know, I just think its time to be greatful For every emcee that came through and spit tape-ful's of data for you Every album before this, I made it for you nowadays the truth is I got nothin to prove But I heard him call my name a couple times in a couple of his rhymes and I thought about it a couple of times Is he lookin for a response or is he being a jerk? Or am I just to involved in my work? I thought to myself, "why he put my name in his verse"? When he said I wasnt ill he just made things worse Thats when I recognized what Stan was worth the only man on earth that could reverse the 'Cool J curse' I served him, like a nigga without purpose constantly takin Rip The Jacker back to my therapist I wasnt prepared for this people wanna embarass Bis for reasons that are not really apparent to me yet What, I cant get signed because I got mad at a vet? How could a couple verses have so much anger in 'em? Dont you know the difference between Rip The Jacker and Bis? Go use the Pythagoris theory and do the math on this Add up every multi syllable paragraph that I've managed to average since January 96 and tell me when you find it you dick ridin' bitch Im so sick of you bein skeptical always runnin behind my shit tell me the truth, you really think its time that I quit? You think maybe I could wholesale these rhymes that I spit? I guess the nicest MC's got tired of Bis and lied to theyselves like they never relied on Bis The real rock of the game, people have climbed on Bis rhyme mo' sick then anybody out your clique Wit thousands of niggaz devout for that shit I got a couple of bitches too, I make em bow to the dick The album is sick, some Hollywood biography shit the difference between ships in bottles, and bottles in ships Fuckin wit Rip they find your fossils at the bottoms of cliffs Stick 6 mics up your ass even though I doubt it will fit but still how many MC's must get dissed before somebody says dont fuck with Bis? (how many MC's?.....) [Chorus 2](2x) How many MC's must get dissed before somebody says dont fuck with Bis? (How many MC's? ....) ... Dont fuck with Bis How many MC's must get dissed before somebody says dont fuck with Bis? "I'll battle you on the net, I'll battle you in the flesh Y'all niggaz know the rest," dont fuck wit Bis The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Canibus Album: The Brainstream EP Song: Falster Ego Typed by: shadylyricist@yahoo.com [Bis] Yo Rip, come here man, lemme talk to you for a second [Rip] What the fuck you want to talk about nigga? [Bis] Why You screaming man? [Rip] I'm The Illest! I'm the illest [Bis] Yo Relax put that down man [Rip] Yo don't tell me to relax I'll beat your skinny little ass [Bis] Yo What the fuck is wrong with you? [Rip] Fuck You! [Rip] You fuckin' hate me, you tried to lock me in the basement And you still want me to protect you, it doesn't make sense Canibitch, I supported you like a weight bench Without me your defenceless, you betta' face it You ain't show me love when you was at ya' apex Gettin' paychecks, up at the radio with DMX and Flex Catchin' wreck while Noriega was catchin' his breath I had to keep the situation in check Look at the varicose veins in my neck, Germaine is the best The industry fucked you I'm just payin'em back What's the matter w/ slayin' these Jackers, that's all I been doin Besides talkin' shit I ain't done nuthin' to'em they just mad cause when I see'em I don't run up to'em Between me and you yo-know I'll run right thru'em [Bis] Calm Down! [Rip] Who you tellin' to calm down nigga I'm a Ripper remember I told you not to do "Gone Till November" But you wouldn't listen, I always had ya' best interests in mind I wrote all ya' best lyrical lines If it wasn't for me you'd be writin' pitiful rhymes On the stage if you was tired I would spit'em sometimes Nobody knew you bit off my rhymes I would just be quiet, stand to the side and let the shit ride But I'm gettin' tired of havin' to remind you Bis If it wasn't for me nobody would've signed you Bis... [Bis] C'mon Rip? You a lyin' ass bitch and you know it Group Home was part my company I co-owned it If there's one thing I learned in showbiz, stay focused And don't quit. Rip, why you talkin 'bout old shit? [Rip] Germaine, you fuckin' water brain, don't you understand? fuck the mainstream, you should just call out names The industry's all about game... I shit on 'em all the same and leave spit stains on they brain Like liquid chocolate spillin' all over ya' new white trainers Insane is an understatement, I'm Satan Canibus is a Mason, I don't know what the fuck Germaine is I just know that both ya'll are trying my patience I don't give a fuck about a beat I been rhymin' for ages Rippers are dangerous, and all jackers are afraid of us You wanna' face me Bis? Kick a rhyme! [Bis] No, That's ridiculous... [Rip] Aiiight then, listen to mine... I'll jump into costume, impromptu, just to rob you Put the nozzle to ya' eyeball and tell you what not to do Rip your tonsils out thru ya' nostrils Bury you next to shark fossils, make it impossible to find you Depths that Jacque Cousteau himself wouldn't dare to dive to With goggles, oxygen bottles and Doppler effect modules Lock you in a time capsule and smash the console Shit on you in reverse suck you into a brown hole Suck the power outta' ya' soul Ya' nuthin but a coward in a cold freezer with an hour to go Watchin' my casio stopwatch countin it slow Like drug lords checkin to see if it's talcum or coke I could kill you by drownin the globe Or I could just spit inside of a hole and put an ounce in ya' throat In battles I'm a thousand and oh, I silenced the Pope Do you know how many rhymes I've economically grossed? No? I thought so... Neither do I It's a dick between ya' mothers thighs divided by PIE I'm the sickest linguistically illicit lyrical misfit in the business And possibly in existence, what's your consensus? Studied my own syntax statistics since '96 wit CPA certified assistants I've made the decision that my standards are above precision The only thing I could honestly say I love more than women are dope writtens If it ain't dope then don't spit it Don't be sensitive and get on the defensive just practice ya' penmanship If you can't spit at high temperatures then just quit Be careful of the tongue it tends to bend to the left According to the manufacturers specs, you'll make a mess Rupture the blood vessels in ya' neck fuckin' with Rip Got millions of blueprints on zip disks Stock versions of sick verses that come with conversions kits With a course every Thursday that teaches you how to burst like Rip You never experienced work like this, nigga welcome to the serpentine world where I twist The world where that I Rip, the world that I Fixed, the world where I live [Bis] Ok Rip, you made your point, I can't out rap you You said you was the illest, I would never doubt that too At the moment of truth I let you design the tattoos You are the illest alive, that's a fact that you've proved It's just a couple rappers that don't want it to happen for you Raggin' on you like battlin' is all you can do You didn't sell enough units to be honest with you Nobody knows the truth you got talent out the gazuu When niggaz first heard of you it was like a Man On The Moon You got dissed by a legend but you damaged him too So what if the ladies think he's more handsome than you? What happens if the rumors about being a fagot are true? Look what it's runnin' into, I don't feel like havin' this discussion with you I'm tired of fuckin' with you, niggaz in the game don't wanna' do nuthin' with you Bussin' with you, goin' one on one with who? They wanna get rid of you, ya' shit is too lyrical Headhunters out to get you, that's why I have to protect you I wouldn't disrespect you, as another intellectual Without you I'm unsuccessful, God bless you What makes you think I left you or why I'd ever be tempted to? Ever since the 3rd album I been mentioning you I got your name on my arm I'm representin' you You're Rip The Jacker - I would never question you I respect your opinion as a professional nigga' I just want you to listen to what I'm tellin' you What happened between L and you - Forget it! People know you won the battle they won't give you the credit Alotta' people don't wanna' admit it But I consider it a real privilege to bear witness to ya' lyrics And be involved with sharing the merits, I'm forever indebted I just need you to chill for a second, so I can send a positive message Like Tupac before he left us, the author or the work ethic Genesis Has inspired me to write the Exobus scripts as a constant reminder not to forget Bis But I've reached a precipice, remember Rip You can't rhyme forever there's always a ripper with better shit I keep you out the public eye for a reason You're a commodity Rip ain't that how you wanna' keep it? I keep ya' whereabouts secret I bring bitches to the crib every weekend, so why is you beefin'? [Rip] Ayo Stop patronizing me, you despise me All you wanna' do is steal rhymes from me you constantly keep me behind wall of concrete Lock me in the basement like a fuckin zombie If I was priority you would acknowledge me You ain't shit neither you ain't got no college degree You can't rhyme without me, stop smilin at me Gimmie the keys to the garage I need to borrow the Jeep... Get the fuck out my face nigga! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Canibus Album: Rip The Jacker Song: Genabis Typed by: LordPD316@aol.com Genabis This is Genabis, Remember this [Canibus] In the beginning I discovered wordplay I experimented with some syllables from the first to the third day On the fourth I searched for the words to say How to compress complex verbiage in the least amount of space I was perfect at it and mastered the tactic's On the fifth day I decided I would combine it with mathematics On the sixth day I became a fanatic and I couldnt kick the habit I would just look in the mirror and practice On the seventh cycle, I had to take the day off I was exhausted I guessed my work will never pay off But if it happened it to him, it could happen to me And if it happened to me, it was destined to be [Chorus: repeat 2X] Yo, Genabis, Exobus, Levitibus There aint a mic on this planet I'm restricted to touch I read the cosmo's but God wrote predicted as much The inhabitants lack faith but resistance is tough [Canibus] They backslide back to church and call a minister's bluff They rather remain unenlightened then listen to Bus I blew the fuck up, even though it was short and abrupt I was the first rapper to ever to close orbit the sun One small step for man, one huge step for mankind ...I am the red giant of rhymes Solar deflectors, incinerate you whole in a second Flow is untested those that I've threatened fold under pressure At 120 Beta cycles, high volts ignite your eyeballs Until you see the fire in front of you Optic cone rods, melt one at a time till you realize you in hell Rip the Jacker's not done with you I terrorize the rap community with impunity Blow you to pieces and move elusively thru the debris What my enemies want to do to me is old news to me Those that pursue to me will never get thru to me [Canibus] First rapper to speak over beats dogmatically Mixed with Elizabethian drama and tragedy My motto is to dress casually and live lavishly Look at the Victorian tapestry in back of me Notice the post renaissance pictures I drew Hand sketched drawings of the deserts in Nazca Peru The followable audio propogates the possible truth For proof I'm the illest so the choice is not unto you See the standard ideological definition of a rap model Its Canibus scholarly periodicals The article is substantially impressive, more then a message A working thesis from several different perspectives The Rosetta stone of sentences For rap music's tentative Enter apprentices This is Genabis The Rosetta stone of sentences For rap music's tentative Enter apprentices This is Genabis The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Canibus Album: Rip the Jacker Song: Levitibus Typed by: epidemic@comcast.net "You want power...but you're not big enough  so you steal it piece by piece..  take it in spoils...and step by step you'll weaken and the power is gone" Levitibus.. I harness the power of the Chakra Remote viewing into darkness, describing what I see in the process Stone statues surrounded by Neolithic objects, geoglyphs on the Pampa A dose of papylamine makes you feel like a dream the dreamstate is the playground for the supreme critics attempt to follow a trend Today they call me a charlatan but tomorrow I will be a God of men to create a universe all I need is 1000, trillion, trillion degrees Sodium 22, betatrons and a cloud chamber keep the noise down so I dont arouse my neighbors Got a message from the Falcon and the Snowman In an unopened Coca-Cola can showed the whole planet in coded program Encrypted by a pro-scan modem with a low-band hold up, let me load it in "Darling I am a scientist..(you're a person, you ought to think that)  None of this is able to work without an army.. (there's no need)  vaporizin my spit and turnin liquid to gas" I was created by intelligent design You are merely a descendant of the unmodified you diss me out of pride but when you're finished talking about money and bitches you're simply out of rhymes  even my worst album was sublime if I don't slow down, I'll distort the timeline Back through the time, tunnel to +100 Bars+ again A master, like the honorable Earl of Carnarvon, the grand architect Used to be a partison to Lamarkinson's theory but I lost the bet no regrets, you live and you learn I'm through givin advice, I just give concern sterilize my hands to prevent catchin the germs and try to rebuild all the bridges I've burned I prefer modesty over con-troversy but what am I to do when these jerks keep botherin me Jealous because they can't rhyme like me and they never had a scientific mind like me "Darling I am a scientist..(you are a person, you ought to think that)  None of this is able to work without an army.. (there's no need)  vaporizin my spit and turnin liquid to gas" I'm above average with verbal semantics the aurora borialis in the form of a rap ballad you look at me like "poor bastard why cant you manipulate billboards with all your metaphor magic?" no matter how hard I practiced Every microphone I saw, I grabbed it obviously thats the wrong tactic I went through a long period of mourning and sadness when I wrote that Stan shit but if you wanna see some hardcore Canibus just say so and i'll come out the eggroll with seven death scrolls if you can find a better flow? then I can find a dinosaur on the Galapagos archipelago hey you shouldnt fall for the naivette lyrically I'm the illest when my beats is ok food for thought, nutrition for the whole brain keep your neurotransmitters warm on a cold day I'm ahead of my time, or so they say I guess thats why I already feel old and grey okay, thats enough knowledge for today, I'm killin em you best not forget it cuz this is Levitibus "Darling I am a scientist..(you are a person, you ought to think that)  None of this is able to work without an army.. (there's no need)  vaporizin my spit and turnin liquid to gas" The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Canibus Album: Rip the Jacker Song: M Sea Cresy Typed by: epidemic@comcast.net "Those who create literature know first-hand just how difficult creating meaning can be.. ..There are no options now.. ...If I weren't a writer, I think I'd be a total psychological mess" Out of the Umbilicus Mundi, this is lyrical lunacy from a human being to speak so fluently bars of poetry without precedence complete par excellence, listen to the Levitibus Testament to understand me you need help you gotta see the film "The Day After Trinity" written by John Else To understand that, you must know thyself you should keep listening cause Canibus flow might help "...But you said keep quiet while the emcee raps ...I'm the sick and bad, can't get above me Remember that, I'm constantly comin with rippa raps off the rhyme time like a coke fiend addict I'm not an emcee who talkin all that junk please, a lot of suckas would like to forget me but the incredible, lyrical, and original rapper's still with the crime on top" To find the answers that we didn't know, maybe Edgar Allan Poe's description of El Dorado is not so see the reason there's no light at the end of tunnel is cause we're really not in a tunnel, we're trapped in a bubble The government hierarchy and the dreads of society can you explain why you believe hell is firey? We're suffering from symptoms of drapetomania slavery isnt over, it just took a new alias The data repository established for the maintenance almost turned me into an atheist scared of aliens why write lyrics when I make a better livin sellin freeze dried venom to wildlife clinics? cause I hate the thought of bein a predictable bore once you get used to me you wont love me no more the final soliloquy of the internal paramour what are we all to do when rap music is gone? I hope God and the imagination are one a golden tongue can achieve synchronicity with the sun transcended beyond the flesh and the blood Cause this is level one, after this album my message is done "...But you said keep quiet while the emcee raps ...I'm the sick and bad, can't get above me Remember that, I'm constantly comin with rippa raps off the rhyme time like a coke fiend addict I'm not an emcee who talkin all that junk please, a lot of suckas would like to forget me but the incredible, lyrical, and original rapper's still with the crime on top" But you can't battle me, so you'd rather embarrass me I maintain dignity in the face of calamity They reach out their hand to me and talk dishonestly But I read through their syntactic structure like Noam Chomsky  a student so overzealous I motivate my trainers I'd rather get some now then get some later Take a break from writin rhymes on paper, recondition my character Change my nature with seven days of Vipassana let go of the stress, man I was deeply depressed so famished in fact, I needed a rest to regenerate my mind bless the cornerstone of my rhyme with corn oil and wine Then see the light, an illuminous paradigm It became more apparent with time All I had to do was follow the signs to be a better man, I need help I've just got to find the link between my inner deity and myself "...But you said keep quiet while the emcee raps ...I'm the sick and bad, can't get above me ..Remember that, I'm constantly comin with rippa raps ..off the rhyme time like a coke fiend addict ..im not an emcee who talkin all that junk ..please, a lot of suckas would like to forget me but ..the incredible, lyrical, and original ..rapper's still with the crime on top" "People are usually terrified of poetry and they don't realize that its just speech it is language that is sometimes extraordinary but there are ways to deal with it without worrying about it the way they do" The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Canibus Album: Rip the Jacker Song: No Return Typed by: armen52@uclink.berkeley.edu No return... {*repeat 6X*} [Verse One] Yo, scientists gather in a secret place to debate They photographed the Earth from space and saw my face They tried to translate the innate asiatic shape before the final earthquakes came but it was too late Only one eighth of the human race escaped to space They were chased by flying phenomenon to the lunar base Floatillas and space centers, lasers probed the entrance DNA code sensors reject old genetics I presented my cosmic clearance to a patrol of medics I was injected with sodium pentathol and questioned I relayed the message the way I was trained to remember it I showed them the keypad code and told 'em to enter it I told 'em which alphanumeric buttons were sensitive He snatched it outta my hand and started depressing it I told him detonation was definite if he kept at it He never quit, he just lost his temper and flipped I bowed my head like "I guess this is it" My ears popped, the music stopped, and I couldn't hear shit [Hook] [Verse Two] The driver jogged around to the front and opened the door He said his name was Muhammed Jamal and he'd be with me 'till fall He said the escort service had called and a package would be waitin for me at the window I said thanks, he grabbed my bags fast and put 'em in the trunk Then he ran around to the front, slammed it in gear Pulled off slow, winding down his window and asked me if I minded if he smoke, I said no, he drove off Cut my cell phone off, then I swallowed a tablet of Zoloft Went to sleep and woke up feelin' kinda lost I asked him what the weather's been like lately he said he doesn't mind the heat and hates the A/C Said he had a son who was eighteen and made beats and I happened to be his favorite emcee I said for real, that's crazy, I meet him later Yo Jamal could you please do me a favor When we get to the corner stop at the bodega Hopped out the car, walked inside the store's stereo was playin' Feliz Navidad I got a pack of condoms and walked to the back of the line There was three Taliban that was talkin' very loud One reached in his back side and pulled out a Beretta gun The last word I heard myself say was a four letter one He looked me in the eye and said the drama's never done Cuz there's no return...no return [Hook] [Verse Three] I heard the ringtone of the red phone Headquarters informed us there was an explosion in the red zone We were ordered to get ready to go and to get into our bio-weapons protective gear and clothes I rode shotgun, my partner Ramirez drove GPS control gave us coordinates where to go Soon as we got there I could feel the hot air For a second I stopped and stared, there was cops everywhere I told 'em we need to get a square perimeter clear We got an hour 'till nightfall, so light some flares I said a twenty second prayer then ran to the second chair- the lift that was there, then I waved my hands up in the air to signal that it was clear before I ran upstairs I could barely see, smoke was so thick in the air I was visually impaired and started to get scared I heard a woman scream "HELP" but I didn't know where I started screamin' back "I'm not gonna leave you here" Sayin to myself "damn it's hard to breathe in here" Searched the rooms one by one like "fuck my lungs" Ramirez said the fire truck got stuck by the front I crawled all the way through the foyer to the end of the hallway and seen her on the floor next to the doorway I was half unconscious but I just ignored the pain Helped her to her feet and she had her arm in a brace All this tar-like black stuff was all in her face I radio Ramirez coughin and tried to explain I heard him say something to me like "It's all in flames!" There was ceiling debris fallin all over the place I looked her in her eye, she looked into mine, it was strange Then I blinked for the last time and never saw her again [Hook] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Canibus Album: Rip the Jacker Song: Spartibus Typed by: junooni_@hotmail.com +Spartibus+ [Canibus] Yeah, This is Spartibus Yo, yo, yo You wanna spar wit 'bus, then let's get started 'cuz Atomic thrusts turn you into cosmic dust Bomb ya borders with Japanese Spigot mortars Recompose your composition to sawdust Time is breath; breath is life; life is light Light is no less than capital 'C' on the mic Beneath the mirage of night I'll attack you twice Prepare to rig a sacrifice with my ritual rights Reinforce my habitual likes 'n dislikes Then diss you on the mic cause I'm sick o' the hype No one's ever written what I write Compare they calligraphy type Tell me yo how can I not be nice The royal semen of Caesar frozen in a cryofreezer On sale for seven figures per milliliter Lethally illegal; I speak to the people In the form of an eagle on top of the Theves Cathedral With boundless knowledge, like hairless dalai'lamas With linen garments neatly wrapped around armpits With monasteries in the mountains Trumpets have already sounded You can't denounce my crown bitch *Rakim samples from Paid in Full's "My Melody"* Any MC that disagree with me just wave your arm (4x) Now tear it up y'all, and bless the mic for the gods [Canibus] This game is Chinese chess, countless issues need to be addressed Before the East nukes the West; totalitarianistic cause-'n-effect "Run the words through a decompressor, recompress the depth" Canibus is the most explosive next to meth The inconsistency of the text, makes me complex Pay attention to 'bis my intention is this Leave you spatially adrift suspended in the abyss Marijuana plant owner, smell my aroma Contract scirrhous carcinoma and retinoblastoma Confederate federal general the electric general FCC omni-directional antenna poles IFF, identification friend or foe This areas restricted don't let 'em thru He'll mock your style, rock you to the ground With the bite force of a Sarcosuchus crocodile Travel a fiber optic mile before you can smile So don't ask me why, and don't ask how *Rakim samples from Paid in Full's "My Melody"* Any MC that disagree with me just wave your arm (2x) Now tear it up y'all, and bless the mic for the gods [Canibus] Until I'm impressed with the print I can hear a pin drop like Sprint Once it blends I can stop right then Quantum coupling mechanisms and technical shit Confuses you but I don't think your any less of a dick Just define what is poetry and what is rap I demonstrate how to effectively +Bridge the Gap+ The answer is simple in fact: If the protons don't attack the retina, all we'd ever see is black No ability, no extraocular motility Silly emcees can't see me lyrically or visually They'll never be better than me I'll triple team 'em with a trinity severed to 3 and give 'em 9 enemies Climb back to periscope depth in 2 hours Surrender and throw in the towel The amalgam of the ultimate album This is +Spartibus+ power (echoes) *Rakim samples from Paid in Full's "My Melody"* Any MC that disagree with me just wave your arm (4x) Now tear it up y'all, and bless the mic for the gods The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Canibus Album: Rip the Jacker Song: Indisible Typed by: fantomfong@yahoo.com [Canibus] I transmit images over the distance Using the inflation premise of ten to the minus 32 seconds Back to the Canibus era My eponym is apparent Those who hear my efforts gotta give me the merit Off lyrics alone I'm a legend But I can't take credit, the English language was not my invention It's the way I put it together The incorrect English editor Can't nobody ever do it better People forget but the history will remember I plead guilty to the charge and accepted the sentence Let the records show I resisted under the pressure My short but precise endeavor to raise the measure [Hook] [Canibus] Hip-hop forever That's what I see when I look in the mirror Regardless of whether I'm not a bestseller I'm a first class spitter The literal literature ripper Painting pictures for intelligent listeners From any and all dispositions The fusion of what's written creates a vision called Canibusism The intellectual division of science and religion People waste their momentum trying to defend it All I do it put it to ink then put it to print See what you think, maybe I should speak to a shrink I could fix the way they look at the world They read all these books in a barrel But they can't think for themselves Self-contained, I'm all balls, belts and brains Must be strong because no one ever helps Germaine  [Hook] [Canibus] Observe the whole world's pain And tell me you ain't tired of praying The catholic faith will never be the same You could be put in chains 'cause you got a Muslim name Sent to Guantnamo Bay and tortured for days Man, I'd rather buy some land and grow and orchard of grapes Drink vegetable juice and stay away from steaks and shakes and snakes These rats in the corporate race is fakes Nobody ever gives you what they didn't already take Invest away? You'll be broke 'til you break Man, you learned to pick a lock, you want to open the gate  I mimic haters like flight simulators in air bases Recovered from an inverted spin and now I'm famous Those who respond to Rip the Jacker with hate Show poor taste and only exacerbate their fate MicClub.net, get it right motherfucker get it right and get a mic [Hook] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Canibus Album: Rip The Jacker Song: Showtime at the Gallow Typed by: ajc00l1186@hotmail.com This is Showtime at the Gallows Rip The Jacker Yo, I dialogue wit Amen-Ra 'til he gives me the nod Or replaces me wit a supercomputer automaton I don't barter for time I'm a martyr to rhymes And a selfish soldier wit pride that was ordered to die A burnin' star in the sky my heart is warped wit a drive Expressin' thoughts through a rhyme my metaphors are alive It's like I've been crucified they hate me now like Nas They punctured me through my side the bleeding was cauterized I was revived after I died Only then I saw how I was truly admired and worshipped like a god Shit'd mired up my mind they showed me a sign I fell off the ocean liner someone throw me a line Let the world know the truth but it became my demise Mothafucka you know we even I don't owe you a dime Sometimes I feel like killin' myself they've stolen my shine I wanted to be the illest for a moment in time From the ink to my pen to my pad to the ink in my arm How can one diss song possibly last this long? Tyson ain't the champ no more them days is gone And Rip the Jacker ain't too stubborn to say when he's wrong [HOOK] I should get twenty dollars and go to Econolodge And tie the sawed-off trigger around the doorknob Call the police squad and tell them I'm in room one oh five And that a dirty bomb's inside Woke up in the cargo plane playin' Christy Lane For some entertainment while I train in the misty rain "One Day at a Time Sweet Jesus" is playin' I'm sittin' there prayin' you prolly can't believe what I'm sayin' But the voice in the back of my head keeps sayin' "Germaine This is the real deal man this is not a dream this is not a game The only sixteen you got from now on is locked and loaded and in your hand Deploy or detach on land you the man And the pain is the weakness leavin' the body, understand? I can reload wit a full pack call COMSAT Tell them you need suppressive fire for troops in the back stat Insurgence and counter-insurgence move wit a purpose Absolutely mission critical you never get nervous Applicate the shock tube to the surface Standby blow it eyes open wit the scope on the terrorist Tell him to go to hell in Arabic put a bullet through his narrow neck Watch the wall behind him get wet I'm an animal I'll murder you and stare at your pets Get the tape I know where the surveillance cameras is kept [HOOK] If you want a confession? you got it You want product? Gimme twenty dollars You want gossip? I'll give you logic on any topic Recordin' the positive data Ripper's the best rapper go confirm the status One million page dissertation written on paper Cheap label from Pitney Bowes' tree curator My purification process is greater But thinly tapered verbatim My album is equal to over fifty acres Can-I-Bus before the Big Bang And after the big crunch I only gotta say it once Let there be light and I write a sentence The greatest discovery since 'opethicus afarensis Back to before Sumerians landed on the Cayman In the Caribbean carryin' bacteria with antigens And Nine-foot stone mannequins The key to nuclear power and four delivered talaria Showtime at the gallow the Age of Aquarius And Space Harrier's life's last barrier [HOOK] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Canibus Album: Rip the Jacker Song: Psych Evaluation Typed by: Blade_Runnah@hotmail.com Yo Some say the pen overpowers the sword The video camera is just as powerful when it records Appallin' footage of cops breakin' the law Mad at you because of what you saw, now they breakin' ya jaw I been accused, of bein' internally preoccupied 'Cause the rhymes talk to me, and I talk to the rhymes Clinically induced impulses reveal what's hidden Written prescriptions, given by qualified clinicians Lafayette peg boards be spinnin on turn tables To determine the motor coordination available Those able to speak what I spoke, repeat my quotes My systematic treatment approach, be deep in they throats I inject the frontal lobe of the brain with a lethal dose Of unspeakable dope, worse than opium smoke Well-spoken like Washington Post, or a Fox News Network host Scale intelligence like Wechsler Adults Nonnormative data, brain storage matter couldn't capture A couple years ago they had to put it on Napster Ressurect Rip the Jacker, rip these rappers For every second the clock ticks, I'm a attack ya [HOOK] The C-A-N dash I dash B-U-S gets the last laugh, before the critical mass In half the speed of a bulb flash Fire engulf that ass, into a mole hill of charcoal ash Only to be blown away by a cold draft Wack emcees got no chance, it's so sad They say to Canibus, "Will you ever run out of things to say? How much breath can a man breathe in a day?" Needless to say, I think it's kinda deep in a way People be like "Bis is too ill, keep him away" It's a good thing I got patience I been waitin here longer than Dr. Levinson's time equations Tryin' to figure out what made men Was it inflation, or are we just a product of the apes then [HOOK] You think because I'm not on a major I can't bus' And because I come from the ghetto that I can't adjust Yeah my disposition was rough But it turned me into a quick learner, all I need now is some luck I used to be a undisciplined piece of fecal matter A underdog rapper, but I closed that chapter I deal wit my adaptive difficulty faster And question my projected technique as a rapper I've lost interest in the battle glory and glamor But I cant control Rip the Jacker, when he gets amped up It doesn't matter, we all got a dark side A loud mouth, Mau Mau from the Apartheid Yo you wanna earn your respect, then come to micclub dot net And see if you can impress the best [HOOK] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Canibus Album: pist Rip the Jacker Song: Cemantics Typed by: Blade_Runnah@Hotmail.com * * send corrections to the ty Aiight yo Let's talk about the incredible rap flow We can have a Dinner for Five with John Favreau See it comes to me natural One of my integral attributes, is to be lyrically tactful I can prove who's nicer, who's not an emcee Through falsifiable scientific hypothesis In recent times, I find it's never been about the rhymes The game is very politicized Those who sympathize with they hearts and minds Show hatred through the mouth, body language and eyes Sometimes I say to myself, why do I even try In spite of whatever happens, I love it until I die If you don't believe in the other dimensions you been duped They're the main ingridience in this cosmic soup See the mouse?, grab it Edit the edges with Avid Is this the picture of a duck or a rabbit You see ass and tits?, welcome to madness Please, try to interpret the following passage Magenetohydrodynamic mechanics Translated into Canibus language you'll never understand it It's on when the crowd is cheering me on Waving they arms, like they doing Falun Gong Firearms three quarters of a million troops strong In a single file line, stretched out a mile long Thermodynamics of the second law Isolated physical systems lead toward greater disorder Across the dry desert in the featureless sand Water is secondary to the meaning of man I know but I won't tell There's more to the human race than polymers proteins and protocells Chemical evolution, L- and D-form sudunits That come from the love of Hip Hop and Rap music The scourge of the words, I attack the earth with I bet you submerge dry and emerge wet, what you think? Confuse my shrink with english, the publication refuses to print My daughter likes blue, and my son likes pink Man, give me a drink What kind of world are we living inn? I think it stinks Whatever life you live, it's a quick-sited quiz If you percieve something to be real maybe it is Force your kids to listen to Dead Prez, before they go to bed Send them to school, put them in special Ed Reinforce their paranoia of the feds Make sure they grow dreads and they live on the edge The philosiphy of the hard-knocks, pan-psychics sit on the block And attempt to talk to rocks In the projects where they harvest the human crop Organic robots that bleed when they get shot If you can survive or thrive in the Jamacan ghetto You deserve a Congressional medal My heart goes out to all the young bloods The heart has reasons the mind knows not of From the first to the twelfth month I keep a twelfth pump in the trunk, for the day when Hell comes Was invincible on the mic when I held one My motto was to blaze all and spare none I came, I saw, I conquered, now they're just an empty void Mic Club come holla at your boy The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Canibus Album: Rip the Jacker Song: Poet Laureate II Typed by: MCHeadcase@aol.com [Sampled Intro: same outro from Poet Laureate] Uhh I dont understand how a writer could ever get writer's block, so called My problem is having too much.. and being unable to get it down... [Canibus] Yo, why is the ripper so ill? That would be a unpardonable breach of confidence for me to reveal! He said "One of these days, all eyes would be on me when they look up in the sky and see the neon C" Rhymes inscribed on a nickel disk encased in glass with an ion beam for longevity For more then 10 centuries, impressions and memories the first time the machine inventor will mention me Canibus was a visionary indeed he believed light could travel in multiples of C The organic supercomputer that solved the mysteries of Clan Calusa with 2 blue metric rulers Liked Cool J, but thought Stephen J. Gould was cooler and he never liked to propagate rumors Smoked Canary Island cigars liked America, luxury cars and beautiful Asian broads He had a strong mind, he used to philosophize about rhymes while he was pruning his Banzai He claimed that he had written the greatest rhyme of all time but he would never take it out his archives He wrote 2 songs per day and was constantly was experimenting with his wordplay In his youth he did a report on the Sloan Digital Sky survey he got an F but he deserved an A I followed his career from the first day it seemed the lack of support contributed to his inert ways I seen him pull in 24 hour workdays with deferred pay, undeterred by the word "shame" Public humiliation was the worst pain he was spinnin out of control like a class 5 hurricane He said he wouldn't want another MC to suffer the same Especially when there's nothing to gain He was the illest alive but nobody would face it he spit till his toungue was too torched to taste, it properly funded corporations carbon dated his latest creations to extract the information They found it utterly amazing they claimed the body of his work was the same thing as a priceless painting Never mattered to him, the art galleries hated him cause Thomas Kinkade called and said he would take 10 Complete enigmas wrapped in puzzles encrypted in language with sound but without shape or signature Kept files in his garage, on MS-DOS in a fire-proof pod, he thought it was odd Outside there was a shed with an Oppenheimer lock he apparently kept more wax then Madame Tussaud's We were in total awe, cause it blew our minds so many rhymes that were intricately designed He WAS Poet Laureate of his time and if you dont mind, Id like to share some of his rhymes [*beat switches*] Alone in my room, looking thru the 32X telescope zoom adjusting the focus of the moon One should not assume the philosophy of David Hume is nothing more then a subjective conclusion What is the maximum field rate application? the run away glaciation surrounding the ocean basin affects the population, fluctuation on a continuous basis but thats just the basics The juxtaposition of Canibus's position the precision something no other has written Way above and beyond what was intended the unparallel Malleable annunciation of a sentence You didnt go to college obviously I can tell by your ungodly unintelligible terminology A remarkable odyssey, the rhymes of modern speeds when the brain orders the body not to breathe Incompetency is not up to speed, you not in my league you couldnt possibly be hotter then me Or oppositely your minus 25 degrees, you'd squeeze but the condensation makes rifle barrels freeze Allow me to speak figuratively, nigga please my intellectual properties are about the size of Greece Your counselor advised you not to speak my counselor advised me to keep rhymin until they stopped the beat In the words of Joseph Heller, "I learned how to write better" even though it sort of urked me He said he didnt understand the process of the imagination but he felt he was at its mercy Which exploits my point perfectly and certainly reinforces the reason why nobody's probably ever heard of me Couldnt understand what I mean by ill unless you try to translate what I print to film This is the line of will, the circle of time the cycle of eternity, the emergence of 1 line Academic phonetics render critics tounge-tied Ive personified dry humor of cum-laude alumni A wise man sees failure as progress a fool divorces his knowledge and misses the logic And loses his soul in the process obsessed with nonsense with a caricature that has no content My style is masterful, multi-lateral I could battle a fool and be naturally cruel Words of scourn are a disasterous tool from an existentialist's view, I'm a better rapper then you Grab the mic and rip your physical fabric in 2 my attitude is fucked up but abrogable Different methods interpreted into different forms from entirely different perceptions and seen from different norms Not to spit in the palm theres much more involved theres much more pieces of the puzzle for you to solve 48 orders of mechanical laws and rays of creational cause, enhance the cadence of my bars Maybe I am self-obsorbed but thats the effect, to find the cause you should ask my A&R Today is what it is, but only because yesterday was what it was permitting you heard of Beezlebub A tale of demons and drugs, pissy drunk in the club with the DJ doing the needle rub Chances are you'll never see me son yeah I know my names Canibus but I cant help you if you need a dub [*beat switches*] I came to holla at some big booty bitches and listen to the speakers thump, where you get conceited from? Im so nice on the mic, they wanna beat me up its deep as fuck, I aint seen it all but ive seen enough Really unbelievable stuff theres a lot of times where I wanna speak but I'm stuck I should leave this rap shit alone and kick my incredible in rhymes in the privacy of my own home My imagination is my own delibity to speak to freely lyrically on the microphone Wit a pen in my hand, I bring motion to the enyogram and become "Cani-millenia man" Grave my back with the emperor's stamp been spittin scientific rap since the 17th century began Tryna' escape the wicked empire of Def Jam and the land where lyrics are bland and heretics hang Every warrior has an axe to bury but he has to learn to discern between enemy and adversary I said to myself, "Germaine this is insane It's suicide its controlled flight into terrain" I fought to regain, control of the plain, but went up in a ball of flames and got banned from the hip-hop hall of fame For two bars I kept hearin in my head over and over again, it cost me everything [*beat changes back to the original beat*] I'm convinced now that more then truth is at stake Where people create language that pretends to communicate Euphamisms are misundertood as mistakes but its a bi-product of the ghetto music we make From an extroverted point of view I think its to late Hip Hop has never been the same since '88 Since it became a lucrative profession as a misconception in the movement in any direction as progression Even though of the potency of it lessens big money industries writing checks to suppress the question And nobody gives a fuck no more, no one goes to the book store ever since the influence of Moore's Law But I stay in the lab, like Niels Bohr his son Aage, Edward Lawrence, and Leo Szilard Lyrically I take rap music and turn the knob to the right full throttle and added panache Why would I argue with my own conscience over the truth? That's like me telling myself don't tell me what to do Dialysis and analyses of battle MC's sometimes I say things I myself can't believe My lyrical is so skillfully eliptical I can understand how it makes you miserable You wonder why I never let you play your beats for me or why I keep my studio shrouded in secrecy You wonder whats my infatuation with Alicia Keyes "Canibus why dont you speak to me?" Yo, I meant it when I said no one can shine on a song that features me That's why I said it so vehemently You need to replace the hate with respect I'm probably the best yet, Poet Laureate!!! [Sampled outro] Generally I take.. I go with the given.. ya know with what comes to me .. over the celestial wireless .. whenever it comes, you're lucky when you get it.. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Canibus Album: Mind Control Song: 33 3's Typed by: MCHeadcase@aol.com * * send corrections to the typist [Intro, imitating the owl from the "Tootsie Pop" commercials] One ... two ... three... (Chomping sound) ... three!! [Canibus] Yo, in linear terms, my thirty-three degree, and a Words will give you thirty-third degree burns First I write thirty-three lines to a verse About how I created the Earth out of thirty-three quirks Thirty-three of my peers never thought it would work For thirty-three days, I started my relentless research And I figured, if Jigga could do, twenty-two two's As an mc, then I could do, thirty-three three's Suddenly it occurred, at three-thirty, on March third It came to me like God's word I started to load my thirty-three caliber Mossberg Went to the top of the Empire State, on thirty-third Thirty-three gunshots was heard Thirty-three pedestrians lay wounded or dead, on the curb Thirty-three squad cars rushed to the scene As soon as they heard some mad-man had gone berserk I demanded thirty-three million Or I was going to kill thirty-three of the women and children in the building I gave them thirty-three minutes to respond Then I proceeded to arm, a backpack nuclear bomb I set the timer for three hours, and three minutes long Told them not to try nothing funny or I'd kill them all They still never responded Until I saw thirty-three of the S.W.A.T. team jump out of three helicopters I told them for the third and final time If they crossed the line again, I'd take, thirty-three lives Three of the hostages started crying Three of them started wilding, and convinced, three more to start an uprising Three of them stood to their feet and started freestyling I didn't know what to do, so I started rhyming I tried to kick three-hundred bars But I got picked off by a sniper from thirty-three yards The bullet hit me but it got lodged, and ricocheted off Three organs three inches away from my heart My name went down in history, as the illest MC Rewind it and count it, thirty-three threes The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Canibus Album: Mind Control Song: Canibus Man Typed by: GordonLiu4U@yahoo.com [Canibus] Yo, yo, let me explain something so that you understand You will never be iller than the Canibus man You could be male, female, black, white Fuck the details, I rip a nigga with a rhyme till he screams help Any nigga I told to kneel knelt You haven't the slighest idea what a real MC is about You need to be yourself, you can't sound like nobody else And you can't do all of the beats yourself You can't do it without the streets help Niggaz on the block that blast the boom box till the speakers melt That's how I was brought up, big fat elephant balls what I'm a knucklehead with big walnuts, small frame extra large guts I'll do anything to a nigga if he pushes me hard enough I use to rhyme like all day I mean little nigga spittin till my jaws felt sore with pain I use to train with myself in the mirror Like "Mirror mirror on the wall, tell me who's iller" How you like that? I use to say it just like that Maybe I should copyright that, I'll be right back (Pause) Sorry to leave you hangin I write things down quick cuz I ain't takin no chances Thats the difference between you and me You a wanna-be, and I'm an MC I'm just in the booth right now I'm just kickin it with you right now I'm tellin you the truth right now You can't fuck with the Canibus man, you can't fuck with the Canibus man [Canibus] Now in this rap field, I got a lot of confirmed kills I put niggaz through drills to prove if they got true skills You coulda sold millions, but if you ain't got 100 bars shut the fuck up At least don't talk to me, cuz I aint hearin you If you that ill, give me a hundred bars, I'm darin you I definitely ain't scared of you I go to war cuz I'm prepared to lose Just as long as I get to damage you Take the mic from you, then put a knife in you That's what I like to do, make you lose a pint or two If you a lion I'm a tiger too I could be as nice as you, but if you a snake I'm a viper too Look you in the eyes and lie to you Thinkin about all the possible ways to kill you while I smile at you You like to get fly nigga I'm a pilot too Don't even try to get deep cuz I'm a diver too Don't try to fit in my shoes cuz you cant Nobody can fuck with the Canibus man, understand? [Canibus] Yo, yo, yo, my mouth is mechanically mechanized My verbal weapon fires a whole clip of rhymes before you can get off one round Can-I-Bus will buss ya, apply enough pressure to crush ya, I pulverize mother fuckers Leave MC's laid out like hurricane debris, 15 Megatons of TNT The overseas block busta, bustin up blocks like the Tiguska meteorite to hit Russia Comin from the underground I discovered A ground underneath the ground before underground bunkers Dedicate it's blunkers, deeper than the labrith Conductin excavations of the matrix Living in uninhabitable places, craters of a desert like oasis with a cydonian faces As barren as Las Vegas, as barren as the wombs of women who use artificial insemination As barren as Utah's Salt Lake City basin, as barren as ancient Egypt before irrigation A five-star chef makin mouth-watering creations with blood stains on my apron Put the heads of wack MC's in my oven and bake them Then garlic bread sticks in their eye sockets and taste them It's not really that odd, when you consider part of the ancient culture loves to eat dogs Feline cats with their claws, paws and all Caucasians eat frogs, African-americans eat the hog Hindus in India will kneel to the floor and worship cows and rats as gods I raise the odds, spit rhymes towards Mars and beyond to the nearest binary star I'mma tell you once more my main man, you can't fuck with the Canibus man The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Canibus Album: Mind Control Song: Atlanta Typed by: GordonLiu4U@yahoo.com [Canibus] I wake up in the morn', turn my PlayStation on Just bought that NFL Blitz and that Basket-Ball I read the Vibe and Source, to see what's going on I let my hair grow long, maybe braid it in the fall Whenever I get bored, I just jump in my car I go to Lennox Mall, and look for independent broads Sometimes I get a nod, they treat me like a scrub I go down to the schools, maybe I get more love Three P.M. in the evening, I'm on the highway speeding My front-left tires leaking, should have bought a new one last weekend I guess I wasn't thinking, up ahead break-lights was blinking For more than thirty minutes I was stuck in gridlock prison This traffic drives me crazy, going West on two-eighty Five bitch almost made me, crash into her Mercedes I'm glad I almost missed her, I pushed the clutch and shifted It was a white-lady, I'd rather hit a sister 'Cause see, I know the system, it's easier to trick them I use my G to pimp them, then convince I'm the victim Nah baby, you hit me, no I was in lane three You need some contacts you can't see, no girl don't blame me Don't panic just be patient, give the bitch the wrong information She'll probably never claim it, scared of high insurance payments I love my home Atlanta, I love my home Atlanta I love my home Atlanta, I love my home Atlanta [Canibus] The land of pretty peaches, them girls with round features Make a nigga say, "Good Jesus," them Georgia dime-pieces Started off like, "What's your name? Tell me, what's your age? You got a man? Can we be friends?" I'm glad you feel that way, come on and ride with me I take you to that Crunk bar where them sharks eat Five-star baby, bon-appetite I got that shrimp appetizer with that dog meat If shorty want to creep, I bring her home with me Just bought some candles and that Carl Thomas CD Bootleg that Jay-Z, stole that OutKast Been have that Keith Sweat, I know how to make it last Smack that naked ass, she got a big butt I ain't in no rush, plus she likes it rough Kinky stuff like, leather and handcuffs And them thangs you wrap around a man's you-know-what That's why I love Atlanta, I can hardly stand-up I'm a heavy drinker, fix me a cup and sinker I always love Atlanta, that's why I love Atlanta I love my home Atlanta, I love my home Atlanta [Canibus] As a young child I was so damn bad Used to drive up the Ave with no tags Niggaz couldn't see me, I was going so fast Most niggaz catch whiplash and crash Face all chipped up from the glass Running from the police hauling ass If I get caught, I just give them some cash Most police give me dap and laugh Other ones pull up behind the flash Take a nightstick and tap the glass Tell me, "Turn the music down," it's on blast Turn the engine off 'cause I'm wasting gas Tell them that I'm lost and I need a map Looking for a hotel to take a nap Freaknik, officer, I came for that It was good last year that's why I'm back That's when he tried to hit me His big fist barely miss me I have my camera with me I think I'll sue the city I love this place Atlanta That's why I love Atlanta I love my home Atlanta I love my home Atlanta The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Canibus Album: Mind Control Song: Gybaotc Typed by: GordonLiu4U@yahoo.com [Canibus] Yo I done been from Jersey to Brooklyn Done been through Queens where the crooks hang Done been on tour doing group thangs 'Cause I'm always tasting that pootang Really love it when a girl got a cute name Got a cute attitude and a cute frame Got a big ass butt, breasts, and no brain Them things make a nigga want to shoot game Now check it, I done been through a few thangs Done seen a lot more than some loose change Always been open minded to new thangs [___A___] Been a Hip-Hop nigga since youth man Beat-box and break-dance too man Used to do electric boogaloos man Do Egyptian love with two hands I remember when I lived down south, yo In a hot ass one story house, yo Where the A.C. was always going out, yo Sometime spend a whole day outdoors We had a block-party, barbeque Eating food, in the pool Music got us in that mood Everybody act a fool I'ma tell you like this man Every night I go down to the city man To the gentlemen's club where my niggaz hang Them stripper chicks know how to strip man DJ's be spinning them hits man Play the Cash-Money clique and the Jigga man Them hoes be thick but sick man Every stripper think a motherfucking rich man Like Sisqo, the R&B singing man Think I got a bank account with a million man Case of Crystal cost about six grand Bitch better get a less expensive brand Got to stick to the budget when I trick, man How about ten dollars for a sip, man? My whole dance for a ten dollar tip, man Still waiting on my royalty check, man How about a rain-check next time, yo? How about a handful of coupons, yo? How about tickets to my next five shows Turn around, let me test that behind, yo I love a fine ho [Canibus] Girl, why you trying to get loud, screaming lies Acting surprised, rolling your eyes You act like a nigga done committed a crime You know my elbow just brushed your thigh Now them guys, twice my size Trying to throw a nigga like me outside I be up in this club all the time But it's the first time that I crossed the line Damn girl, why you so mean to me? You know I can't leave, I done lost my keys Don't throw me out, Mr. Bouncer, please Let me take the girl up to V.I.P She was just playing 'cause I'm low on cheese Look at it, she only got eyes on me They bloodshot red, so she's smoking weed You know how these stripper chicks love to tease I think I left my cell phone back at my seat I had a couple of drinks and I need a receipt Follow me to the bathroom to pee I keep about three G's in my briefs Damn baby boy, you done ripped my sleeve I ain't trying to beef, give me room to breath Why I got to leave, tell me what I done? [Canibus] God damn girl, give a nigga some love I'm all out of dubs but I'll give you some ones The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Canibus Album: Mind Control Song: In the Rain Typed by: cool__man711@hotmail.com [Hook x2] Drivin' all night through the rain Tryin' to escape the pain I can't get away With the way I drive will I make it home alive? How will I survive? Cereal killer, slasher, Rip the Jacker Been on America's Most and still can't be captured Think about it, how am I supposed to feel? If you ain't have a record deal, how would you feel? In a world where it seems like you're all alone Like my name didn't help the rap market grow Like I'm hardly gold, like I ain't got a remarkable flow When I deserved to die old and broke I'd rather have an overdose doin' coke or dope or both Gettin' bathed in a bathhouse by Dorothy Dandrich Hailey Berry and Jennifer Lo, bending over for soap What a way to go A friend of mine told me that I know a lot of nothing I looked him in the eyes and said at least I know something I know I've been driving all night through the rain And I'm lookin' for a sunny day I wanna run away [Hook x2] I be the first one to tell you I'm an ill emcee But I'm a human being and if you prick me, I bleed I might bleed internally, but it's still hurting me Can-i-bus is not what he deserves to be I just wanna rhyme, I don't wanna beef wit you But if you bite me, I'ma put my teeth in you I want the whole world to say, "Canibus, I believe in you" The same way, my man, Ricky Lee would do Don't sterotype us, we freedom fighters We drive all night through the rain wit' no wippers I paid that price a couple of times And when I'm on the mic, I spit double the rhymes I ain't scared of the competition But I want you to listen to me even when I'm not rippin' I hope you never have to feel my pain I hope you never have to drive all night through the rain [Hook x2] Will somebody please tell me, what does it take? I been on promotional tours, from state-to-state I've done a 100 Bars on mixtape People recognize the face, but the sales don't equate I guess I'll plead guilty if Rippin' a rhyme is a crime Cause I'ma get mine or die tryin' I'm verbally inclined to shine I spin like a turnbine and blow the rain clouds out the sky I drive through the rain til the roads get dry Bonafide Gladiator that was born to ride You could never put a price on my pride If I have to, I'll swim against the tide til my arms get tired But I won't disappear and I will not be quiet Or get pushed to the side, I will not be denied Keep my eyes and ignore the pain No matter how long I gotta drive through the rain With the way I drive, will I make it home alive? The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Canibus Album: Mind Control Song: Mind Control Typed by: MCHeadcase@aol.com * * send corrections to the typist [Chorus: Female singing] You're under my, you're under mind control You know you're lost, don't even try to fight You cant escape, I rule you day and night You're under my, you're under mind control [First Verse] Been in this rap game since ninety-six Can-I-Bus, also known as Canibus And even though that might seem like a short time I was never known for spitting a short-rhyme I'm known for my ill metaphors and lines And I'm inspired by that little voice inside That says, 'keep a strong mind and don't compromise' Nothing happens before it's time, don't get off of the grind See the game is cold, don't lose control All the glitters ain't gold, you could lose your soul I've been through it before, guess you live and you learn Everyone takes turns getting what they deserve It's like a revolving door as far as Canibus is concerned Please believe it, I'mma get what I earned As far as getting that dough, and everything else in my career goes I'm completely in control, come on [Chorus: Female singing] [Canibus] Now don't get it twisted, Canibus ain't getting Jiggy with it I'm just dumbing it down for a minute Went from Jersey to A-T-L, but then I relocated Out to Cali on some one-way shit Bought a cheap ticket and split, I'm in coach sitting next to this chick With some real voluptuous lips She asked me if I can help her give her luggage a lift After that, she wouldn't shut up for the rest of the trip She said she thought I looked familiar, but she never caught on I started nodding off, she was talking so long Put my headphones on, then I went to sleep Reclined the seat, thought about rhymes and beats I thought about how I spent so much time in the East And how my mind was never in peace In the streets, if you want to that yellow-brick road Paved with gold, you just gotta take control, come on [Chorus: Female singing] [Canibus] I stepped off the plane, never want to sit in coach again I can't deal with the neck-pain Seen some guy holding up a sign with my name What's up my main-man, where's baggage claim' Took the elevator, I was physically drained The chick from the plane said, 'bye,' and started to wave Man, I'm just happy to be in L.A. Got my release papers from Universal/M.C.A Now it's time to get that real paper, shake off the haters They can't break us, we're Gladiators World famous, my name is on the mind of all of the majors Canibus is outrageous Fans sing along when I perform on stages Or when they hear my songs on they two-way pagers They can't front, 'cause I broke the mold And took a little time, but now I'm in control (Female vocalizes the harmony until fade) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Canibus Album: Mind Control Song: Last Laugh Typed by: xlmvx@hotmail.com [Verse One] Ha ha ha ha ha Check out the bizarre style that I display god Ha ha ha ha ha Kinda like when the biz went Eh eh eh eh eh But this is the Canibus with the Ha ha ha ha ha Now Ha ha ha ha ha Ain't just the name of the song Ha ha ha ha ha It's probably my favorite response When I'm walking on the street or I'm out at the mall And people be talking that blah blah blah Ha ha ha ha ha But anyway, a regular day is just like this Canibus writes a rhyme then Canibus spits, Like Ha ha ha ha ha I eat eat eat rhymes, Niggas don't be understanding that shit Why you think I went and put a fucking mic on my arm 'Cause it belongs to me and I belong next to Ghengis Khan In a coffin carbon-dryed with my body in bronze Like Han Solo when he got frozen in Star Wars Ha ha ha ha ha I'm great but I'm not the greatest Ha ha ha ha ha I believe I'm god but I'm not aethiest Ha ha ha ha ha I'm crazy but I'm not the craziest I'm just a normal heterosexual homosapien Ha ha ha ha ha The industry tried to cave me and I was an arch angel But they changed me into Damien Ha ha ha ha ha The evil spirit of rap, the evil rapper Ha ha ha ha ha Rip the jacker Master of the ceremony, most people know me as such My disciples know me as master 'Bus I can  Ha ha ha ha ha Change their life with a touch, cause I'm Ha ha ha ha ha Lyrically gifted as fuck Can-I-Bus, could bust it down pound for pound My style'll make a thousand mc's bow Ha ha ha ha ha You can yah yah yah cha cha cha cha cha all you want Y'all niggas know the Canibus is the one Ha ha ha ha ha Ha ha ha ha ha The rhyme creator At the drop of a dime I spit 100 b-a-rs I'm a S-T-A-R since the day I was born And I'll be a star til the day that I'm gone Ha ha ha ha ha You can agree with uh-huh or disagree with uh-uh Whatever, niggas can't front Ha ha ha ha ha If they respond too late to the 911 call They find you on the floor with a razor blade in your palm Deep cuts an inch wide and 5 inches long Paramedics feel for a pulse to see if you gone You was pronounced D.O.A before you got to E.R. The doctor swore that suicide was the probably cause Probably because, you weak insecure motherfuckers  feel lost when you hear me roar Ha ha ha ha ha Like-uh the predator starring schwartzenegger Before he triggered the bomb he went Ha ha ha ha ha Ha ha ha ha ha The evil spirit of rap, the evil rapper Ha ha ha ha ha Rip the jacker [Verse Two] Its legibly unimaginable, mathematically incalculable inextricably infalible Let's not forget utterly impossible or Morally unsermountable to assume that I could lose if I battled you My scholastic aptitude is 1602 100 bars was just a glimpse of the truth Physical proof that I'm the best at this I've contructed sentences  That'll stand longer then stone henges megaliths My 1st and 2nd albums consists of more then a million terabits More then any of you rappers ever spit Vote for me as president, In about a day or so I be up in the white house getting feletio By an administrative assistant with deep throat Butt naked on the floor knee deep in some coke Or on a speaker phone freestyling with some of my folks Humping a ho tampering with the republican vote I'm like Mel Gibson in Braveheart, fighting swordsman Dodging arrows from the arches 'cause I'm a horesman Flying circles around you like flying saucers Flying circles around the royal air force's flying fortress Maximize my wins, minimize my loses Til I'm exhausted then lounge like the lyricists on Rawkus I'm unsigned right now, it's like I'm an orphan Looking for a home taking all calls and offers Notify the prince and the duke of earl I'm probably the illest english speaking mc in the world Ghetto fabulous, verbally hazardous Ask any baptist, roman catholic or satanic activist Even them trippy hippies on college campuses know about Canibus I've got rhymes like beads on an abacus My styles totally out the bracket Scientist in thick glasses and pocket protectors want to patent it My talent is unmatched by any rapper in this rapping biz By any rapper on this planet's grid Show me where he is, I sign the ordenance To bomb his coordinants with Agent Orange and torture him Burn the skin off of him, throw a towel on him and stomp on him Rip the towel off then pour salt on him Continue my verbal assault on him til its 12 in the morning And turn into the werewolf monster on him Rip his heart out, eat it while its still pumping The blood still running, it tastes like boiled dumplings Starving artist, I turned down scholarships to Oxford College 'Cause I heard they didn't serve porridge Smartest then any man in Scotland yard is Used to work for MI6 but quit 'cause I couldn't take orders I was the original James Bond before Sean Conn', Roger Moore,  Timothy Dalton and Pierce Brosman The most awesome walking, talking, breathing English speaking mc in the European region Rip you to pieces like communism leaflets Beef with 'Bis is like playing chess without the pieces Modern Christians without Jesus, Rasta's without Reefer Jamaican's in Princeton without Visa's Radio's without speakers, Mother nature without the 4 seasons Without a jacket outside when its freezing I'ma tell you straight up, no lie Canibus is the illest motherfucker alive Ha ha ha ha ha The evil spirit of rap, the evil rapper Rip the jacker The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Four Horsemen Album: The Horsemen Project Song: Scrolls Typed by: GordonLiu4U@yahoo.com * * send corrections to the typist [Chorus: Kurupt & Canibus] Dont play them games, not for play, not today say what you say, not for play, not to day we horseman man, you fools insane, locked the game we spit flames, not for play, not today [Kurupt] Each day I dip sometimes I trip this gangsta shit (west gangsta shit) I just don't give a fuck I gallop role I'm in control I like gettin high in G mode with the homeys just lettin all the weed blow fired up, nigga what you thought it was buz cause nigga I don't give a fuck [Canibus] Niggaz like us don't give a fuck Canibus and Kurupt, choke a nigga up comin through in the four by four truck chromed from the flour up, with ????? white air force ones with the low cut I'm in the back of the jeep gettin ????? me and my dawg Kurupt spark that skunk I know I'm a G cos' my name start with one [Canibus] We Horseman man the next Wu-Tang you know the name, Killah Priest and Kurupt Ras Kass to you heard of us we go to the club, curse and cus start that buzz, thats wots up spike the punch, fight and fuzz rush that stage for the mic and bus straight up cause I love them guts dont call me unless you invite some sluts 36C cup with big butts I pay big books to get my dick sucked she can spit it up, then lick it back up thank you very much, there you go slut a Benjamin Franklin was more than enough write your number down ill be in touch [Kurupt] A Benjamin Franklin was more than enough bitch give me that cash before I fuck you up genuine banging in the deck same old G, D.P.G show you somethin gangstafied do or die, gangstafied run and ride, now ride don't run fuck that nigga, blast that nigga lay that nigga, I spray that nigga AK that nigga off weed and liquer I drop a switch, fuck a bitch smash and dip with hollow tips ????? me up, what the fuck Canibus and Kurupt choke a nigga up flippin through the cut, flash flood fluctuate ?????, pistol tooked, nigga [Kurupt: talking] none of you bustas, yeah, horsementality, yeah Canibus, yeah, Ras Kass bitch, yeah, Killah Priest fucker yeah, the Kurupt Young Gotti, yeah, horsemen, smash [Canibus: talking] we horseman man, not today we locked the game, not today The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Canibus Album: Mind Control Song: Stupid Producers Typed by: GordonLiu4U@yahoo.com [Canibus] Stupid producers These stupid producers These stupid producers These stupid producers These stupid producers These stupid producers These stupid producers These stupid producers [Canibus] "Yo What's up my main man? What's your name? I heard you got beats Yea, I hear what you're saying, but are they flames? You got a card or something? Put your number on this CD, I'll give you a call or something How long you in town? Where you staying at now? Who's your manager? Him over there? The nigga with the South Pole sweat suit and permed hair? Listen, don't even trip I just want some beats to finish my shit I'm looking for some hard shit Yea, like some Beat Brokers or Mark Sparks shit Huh? Play what? Hold up, lay what? Yo relax my main man, I'ma call you, peace" I got back to the crib, popped in the CD And turned it up loud to see if he had some real beats I heard something I felt, I hit the nigga on the cell To see if it was for sell "Yo, can I speak to DJ Yo, I'm feeling tracks two and six Whatever, bottom line, you give me the tracks, I give you the cheddar We can do it around ten PM In the studio off of [___A___]" At that point, I didn't even feel like answering him Stupid ass motherfucking producer got me real upset And I even got to work with him yet I showed up at ten thirty so I was already late He showed up and forgot to bring his own D.A.T. tapes He shook my hand, with both of his hands And told me he could play it over again, with both of his friends Yo, as long as I get tracks two and six I don't give a fuck who really produced this shit, just do this shit "When I get back, I want it laid Yea, you gonna get paid I'ma leave, jump in the car, speed, go to my mans Get some trees, get something to eat, and I'll be back by three" [Canibus] These stupid producers These stupid producers These stupid producers These stupid producers [Canibus] "Hold up, five hours later, you ain't laid nothing? Not one piece of percussion? You mean to tell me you ain't press one button? You think this is motherfucking pre-production or something? You know we ain't got a budget, who told you to order lunch bitch? You know what? Fuck it. I don't even want it no more 'Cause the track you selling me probably ain't even yours" [Canibus] These stupid producers These stupid producers These stupid producers These stupid producers These stupid producers These stupid producers These stupid producers These stupid producers [Canibus] Yo, yo Ayo Rip, motherfucker The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Canibus Album: Mind Control Song: Talk the Talk Typed by: MCHeadcase@aol.com * * send corrections to the typist People wanna keep on talking Why can't they see {?} you don't wanna be People wanna keep on talking Why can't they see they're too weak for me People wanna keep on talking I guess we will see People wanna keep on talking Talking' [Verse One] Yo, let's not talk about me, let's talk about you Let's talk about some of the things YOU go through Dealing with racists, being patient Tired of waiting, what are you chasing Sometimes you just want to just explode and spread across the globe You wanna let the whole world know 'Hey everybody! Look at me, yo! I used to be nobody, but know I'm known!' Thanks to you, I never could've done it alone Everybody that talked about me is somebody I owe Even the G.L.O.A.T., he talked till he was numb in the throat And I STILL took his crown with a unanimous vote Talk about it! [Verse Two] Yo, you can talk about how I came back so strong You can talk about my album and all of my songs You can talk about Can-I-Bus the rapper What's his name, Nobody or Rip the Jacker Talk about my record label, Gladiator's the name Cause I BEEN a gladiator in the game And I swear on my government name Germaine That at Gladiator Records, everybody gets paid Talk about the ladies, the kind that I like After I get laid, we can talk about the price You can stay talking about ice I talk about who's nice in the rap game and who got stripes Talk about it! [Verse Three] I got a passion for this rapping This is my ship, I'm the Capitan I control your vertical and your horizontal What you talk about and who you talk to You got a day job and you wanna spit a hundred bars Naw, you gotta train hard Take a man's advice, stand and fight Sacrifice, that's the price I'm speaking freely, nothing's easy FUCK the TV, you wanna be me I ripped the Jacker with his own track Maybe I AM the illest alive, talk about THAT! [Pre-chorus] Talk the talk, talk the talk Talk the talk, talk the talk People wanna keep on talking The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Canibus Album: Mind Control Song: Nobody Typed by: GordonLiu4U@yahoo.com [Canibus] You know this rap game is a lot like high school and high school is a lot like life You see in life, you got to do things to set yourself apart from your peers you need to identify the qualities that separate you from those around you After all, isn't that what most people spend they lives trying to accomplish? Wouldn't we all want somebody, somewhere later on down the line to remember the things that were different about us? Don't you understand? The more you fit in, the less you're noticed That's how it is, for anyone to walk through life unnoticed as if they never mattered could be a punishment worse than death, and at the same time that punishment is the only way you could truly be free; free from the things you want people to remember about you but also free from the things you want them to forget I don't know if that freedom exists for me anymore And even though I dream about what it would be like it's just a dream, because I realize now more than ever that I can't have my cake and eat it too, no one can And as time goes on, we will always be loved by some and hated by others And whether the people who talk bad about you know it or not they really save you from obscurity every time they mention your name You see, anytime anybody ever talks about you, either directly or indirectly they put a quarter in your immortal meter They keep you alive, whether they want to or not they practically do the opposite of what they want to do which is forget you. I dedicate this song, to the day when you motherfuckers finally figure it out and the day that you bury me, and erase the memory of me Here lies a man, who became forgotten to the world in his search to the key for immortality He never made an impact, he changed nothing and his words meant nothing He never contributed to the rap game; he never gave you anything to talk about He never existed, and he never made a difference his name was nobody! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Canibus & Phoenix Orion Album: Def Con Zero Song: Def Con Zero Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Canibus] Def Con Zero Gentlemen, we have just upgraded, from red alert, to dead alert This is not a drill; I repeat, this is not a drill Pack the belongings, in the immediate vicinity and make your way to the shelter When you get there, ask for GAMMA, OMEGA, DELTA Def Con Zero We gotta fight, fight - we gotta spaz, blast We gotta flow; yo, go Def Con Zero Fight, fight - we gotta spaz, blast We gotta flow; yo, go Def Con Zero [Phoenix Orion] Kevlar suits, M-16's with the laser beam God squad supreme, hip-hop SWAT team Spittin like the force of a bomb, so ring the alarm We stay armed, cloak'n'dagga this is Def Con Soundwave transform Canibus change to the ghetto Megatron arm Kill these hip-hop robots, we spit hot words to serve nerds Smoke you like I do my herb, that's my word Fuck what you heard, it's a hostile takeover The game is too jiggy and too pretty you need a makeover You ain't Hova, or your rap career is over Weapon exchange at dark creates a supernova This is Def Con, we gon' drop the bomb You muh'fuckers won't get us like you got Sadaam Got you rattin niggaz shook up, they can't stay calm Stop drop and roll nigga, hit the fire alarm The fire is armed, burnin like a towerin inferno Commander Canibus transmitted to me from {?} Oh shit, here we go, gotta fight, gotta flow Gotta spaz, gotta blast, nigga that's your ass! [Canibus] Yo, step into the land of the metronome man Click, click-click BANG, suicide again Black army boots like {?} crew True parlez vous, I'ma test the Charley troop I'm the walkin, talkin, Stephen Hawking DNA genes were auctioned for genius offspring Bust a nigga G. Rap style, back him down Gamma Omega Delta make mushroom clouds On stage with massive shrouds, we capture the crowd On festival grounds, 200 decibels loud Alchemist calculate the calculus, climb through the mountain mist Then drink from the fountain of spit It's like liquid wasabe, a pool shark swimmin in sake And Inoki tried to psychically block me The rhyme author silent partner, in the back of the Phantom My girl performs at the opera, I'm about to join her To battle {?} mortician in the mortuary Talkin friendly, coughin heavy, pourin Henny Quadrophonic, macho hot shit, hello I'm in the bayou, crawlin through croc shit [Canibus] Industrial strength, never fuck with the cousin of death Eyes open, wide scopin, check Fuck a bling I got 8-2 {?} with a sling Stand far away from the door when it bring War of the Worlds part two on you What'chu gon' do when we lock and load troop Shoot, lay a hundred down with one dummy round Thuggery style, bloody ground, fuck your money now Def Con Zero, who the fuck didn't get the memo? Kick your best flow, let's go [Chorus] - 2X (We're going to jump right into target two) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Canibus & Phoenix Orion Album: Def Con Zero Song: Majestic Mic Masters Typed by: DaSun_Akbar@HotMail.Com Yea!, yea! [Chorus: Canibus] The +Majestic Mic Masters+ with a jar of Anti-matter Cloak-N-Dagga There the van goes with two stolen Van Gogh's Dagga-N-Cloak The +Majestic Mic Masters+ with a jar of Anti-matter Cloak-N-Dagga There the van goes with two stolen Van Gogh's Dagga-N-Cloak, they know! [Verse One: Canibus] Ayo, Butane Germaine, Hussein's my new name Head Trauma Records produce the blue flame Let's play, my ink pen spray what Sean Penn say After the picture is drawn, I yawn then lay Enter the quiet zone, harps and xylophones Provide the tone, pass me the microphone Flow natural, walk over to control panel Highlight the mode of attack, select battle Directives deviated, everything's recreated Be creative, step inside my MC simulator Slowly pull the wool from over your eyes As troops mobilize to recover stolen rhymes You push, I pull; you drive, I ride You buy what I supply, shut the fuck up and drive Dragon fly aerial view, wind speed less than two Lieutenant Manchu, the best in my crew Mandarin too, arguin' with Aryan Zeus But the truth is, he mad 'cause I married a gook But she know, when I lock and load my cock grows I burn the block down, get the cops on the phone Don't look for contact, contact finds you We walk up behind you while you listen to iTunes [Chorus: Canibus] X2 [Verse Two: Phoenix Orion] Ayo, I'm lyrically lethal My Sifu, taught me how to spit C-4 Initiate the death flow The ?Dan Mak?, Tai Warrior Ong Bak Brooklyn to Vietnam, hold me down on the block To warn his block, crooked ass cops, psych you out with the phych-ops Third eye bigger then Cyclops Return the planet rock, 0700 hours on the dot We stopped the plot to ban hip-hop Marshall law got every city block on lock Snipers on top of the buildings scopin' out the ghetto children Five 5 percenters, in the cipher building '85ers still long for the return of Stigmata The father, the son, the holy spirit, you hear it, you feel it Possessin' my lyrics, ancient spirits from the pyramids We spit graffiti hieroglyphics, terrific Audio graphic cybernetic pictures direct from the flame scriptures Rip your flesh from your bones, body bag them on the microphone Gamma Omega delta drop zone Don't test it until we bless it with the Masonic message The +Majestic Mic Masters+, Sith Lord Assassins Trained in the black arts, I spit a poison dart in your heart Hannibal Lector let you tear your body apart Stand parallel, I parasail down the carousel Rhythmatic Jiu Jitsu, I do this well Front sword, hand stand, I landed on the back of the van I made the driver crash into a trash can Before we exchange blows, Cloak bring with the scope Spitters not, but with the Hindu red dot Cleanin' the soap, the jar of Anti-matter was stuck in his coat I bagged the two Van Gogh's, then repelled up a light pole Black Kobra commander, Rambo Commando, platoon Walk up under Jacob's Ladder, you're doomed Blood spilled; you get served for meal, on Hamburger Hill My squad's been ready to die, but now they're ready to kill My soldier's are ill, swallow six caiyan pill March from Brooklyn to Brownsville, to buck you with the hot steel What the deal?, C & D, we birth worth a mil Penetrate your force field, Wesley Snipe you with the raw skill I fuckin' wipe you outta this planet, fo' real C & D, soared the shield, hip-hop prophecy fullfield [Chorus: Canibus] X2 [Verse Three: Canibus] Yo, the gifted God, sick with the bars My spit's like the world's biggest liquid bomb welcome to the nation of Bislam dot com Stop storms from spinnin' with fists and arms A beast on the mic, nowadays I chill Anywhere rap exists, they praise my skill All by myself I buckled the whole asteroid belt I laugh when they ask for my help Capture more souls than Hell's Gate border patrol Exported the flow, imported some hoes Better respect the verbose vet, Yermo's best Germanicus left and came back with Merlot breath The robomech, turbo tech with a Werewolf chest Servos turn both my wrists Mic Masters with a recipe for the Anti-matter You don't wanna fuck around with cloak or Dagga "They all have specific sonograms, voice prints" The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Canibus & Phoenix Orion f/ Crystal Celeste Grand Album: Def Con Zero Song: Gold Trigga Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Phoenix Orion] Aiyyo, check this out Nobody don't do nothin until, Simon says You heard me? Yo 'Bis man, tell them chicks to chill out man Are we on? C&D soldier, that's whassup (what) C&D player, that's whassup (what) C&D shorty, that's whassup (what) Worldwide, we worldwide, ohhhh [Chorus: Crystal Celeste Grand] + (Phoenix ad libs) I told, y'all niggaz Don't try to interrupt my figures (told y'all) Y'all know, I'm sicker Quicker than the average nigga (you know this man) Before, you speak up Remember one thing my nigga (just 'fore you open your mouth) My gold, plated trigger Ain't never missed a burner (yo, check it) [Phoenix Orion] Full metal jacket, kevlar plastic flow Tongue arrow from a high-powered crossbow Robin Hood from one of the worst hoods And Nottingham they ain't give a damn about my fam I hold it down for all the mortals who ain't here Blow trees into the air and pour out beer Time to make paper this year, I'm takin it there So empty your account and put your hands in the air, oh! [Chorus] w/ new ad libs  [Canibus] Yeah, they call me Whistler, rollin up the rizzler In the cinema with the cocoa sister my nigga High-definition wide picture Rhyme sicker, Limewire rhyme ripper Time skipper, immortal as the psalm scripture Tell your moms don't slob on my zipper MC Mr. C, my nigga Spit yaw and pitch like a fly but quicker my nigga [Chorus] w/ new Celeste ad libs [Canibus] (I just wanna) We ain't interruptin nothin, I'm still MILF huntin She like real soldiers that got real bunions She got a big onion, pass it this way I kiss lip face, breasts and big waist However long it takes, she fix me steak Long as I keep makin more trips to the bank She don't wanna thank me, I spank her panties (Do it like that, it makes me happy) [Phoenix Orion] We mad savage on the track like when animals attack Big faces on the front and monuments on the back We got it like that, rubber band stacks for rap Flip things in this game like an acrobat Shorty shakin that thing and man has she got back I'm 'bout to serve her that thing, son I'll be right back Get brains from the dame, I got the friends in the back When cloak'n'dagga do it big, boy it be like that I told y'all [Chorus] - repeat 2X w/ new ad libs from everyone [Canibus] It's the dagga 'n the cloak man Simon says b-side's on the track {don't fuck with me} Yeah, it's like that y'all (hahaha) (Y'all heard me) {I told you baby think twice 'fore you step to me} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Canibus & Phoenix Orion Album: Def Con Zero Song: Don't Hurt Nobody Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Put up your fists, roll the dice like this {*2X*} We came to party We don't wanna have to hurt nobody-body My clique is sick, real soldiers dog H.T.R. hold me down, I'ma ride for y'all [Phoenix Orion] Your boy PXO got a twisted flow Son I'm sicker than them whiteboys on the Jackass show Y'all been hatin on my flow since I came to the do' Hip-Hop been waitin on me, that's why the game didn't grow Head Trauma, we psycho man Every nigga in my clique sick with his hands You don't wanna start no shit with my clan I'll body bag you UP, that's whassup I'm from Marcy nigga, never forget that I'ma flamethrower, if Jigga is the Hova Then fuck it I'm Noah, run for cover the liquid flower Red Rover, Red Rover, send your best rapper over [Phoenix Orion] Your boy PXO got a twisted flow I had to say it once slow just in case you slow _Last Dragon_ dog, I got the glow Sho' nuff, I'ma make the crowd say ho Got tricks like Morpheus, Neo Make tricks octaves pitch fast or rap slow Move your hips girl, drop your ass to the flo' I got purple and hydro, you got two hands to grow I'ma hit the bar up, put some Henny in your cup with the Hypno, girl you incredible, sexy Two-way text me on the Blackberry When you want me to come with whipped cream and a cherry [Canibus] I barely pulled the pants off my ass, nobody shit that fast It's nice to me to shit back with class I dumped on dog leg, now they all dead Autopsy report read they ate warm led Beef jerky and cornbread with warm veg' I touched Jesus forehead, the fetus was born dead Slept with chains on, rapped throug jail bars Fuck mail call, I'm a runaway rail car Fail with flying colors, prevail with dying numbers Swerve like a motherfucker when I drive the Hummer The Commander-in-Chief came over for the weekend Told him not to bring those Boca Raton rejects He asked me if I spoke to Professor Bries yet Negative, handed him the keys and the address Nobody ever met with Bries in the flesh But we ain't got much time, the world is at risk The bi-polar rhyme promoter, ill shit Bill fished in Key Largo four times this summer Head Trauma patient, my brain popped out of placement I awaken, after sleep deprivation [Chorus] - repeat 2X Put up your fists, roll the dice like this {*4X*} Artist: Canibus & Phoenix Orion Album: Def Con Zero Song: H.T.R. Typed by: DaSun_Akbar@HotMail.Com [Chorus: Canibus & Phoenix Orion] X2 'H' is for the Head 'T' is for the Trauma 'R' is for the Wreck shop Here comes the Unabomber 'H' is for the Head 'T' is for the Trauma 'R' is for the Wreckshop I'ma bring the drama [Verse One: Phoenix Orion] Chitty Chitty Bang Bang, H.T.R. we bang-bang Marcy we slang things, Brooklyn we got gangs Head Trauma runnin' things Hot cars, guns and things Wifey got the diamond rings I bless my Queen with all the bling You want them jewels, I gotchu! Lift fools, out they shoes Make your homey spiritual Then embalm your physical And body bag your dude I know my streets is rude I'm 'bout to eat y'all for food Hannibal, cannibal, animal, call me manipal The street corner cat, nickel and dime store rap With the Tommy gun attack, brrt.!brrt.! When Head Trauma bring the drama, get back, get back Dogs fall back; do the dance 'Lean Back' Dice and Mack on the track, H.T.R. where you at? High rollers holla back, holla back Marcy, Brooklyn, BX on the city of sin, high rollin'! [Chorus: Canibus & Phoenix Orion] X2 [Verse Two: Canibus] 'H' is for the head, where the dreams are kept 'T' is for the tourniquet wrapped around my leg 'R' is for the color of the blood that I bled Don't give a fuck what I said 'cause we brothers 'til the end You got mine, I got yours, we survived five tours Nigga, you my dog, four of them was my wars When I seen them I cry and bawl 'til my eyes get sore Im tryin' to get my life back on course 'H' is for the Horror 'T' is for the Trauma 'R' is for the Rockets on the radar Doppler 'H' is for the Hades 'T' is for the Trainin' My rheumatism acts up when it starts rainin' Gotta get past the pain, and keep rappin' Mathematic magic make me a microphone assassin Rap so loud, rap with a growl Rap like I'm tryin' to block the whole world out If I don't know what to say, I don't say nothin' But if I dont know what to bus', I'ma keep bussin' Steel-fist lines, trigger grasshopper-mines For fifty yards at a time, when I spit rhymes In the daytime, people look through my shaded blinds I tell them; I've got to take my time Investigate; draw the name on the template Search, segregate, silence, meditate Speed to the rear, safe-guard, interrogate Slap you in the face, show you how lyrics taste I'ma order steak so dont act like a ape Or I'ma never take you on another dinner date [Chorus: Canibus & Phoenix Orion] X2 The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Canibus & Phoenix Orion f/ Charlie Mackmansupreme Album: Def Con Zero Song: Livin' Typed by: DaSun_Akbar@HotMail.Com [Chorus: Charlie Mackmansupreme] Children cryin', women producin' Men go to work, and some go - stealin' Everyone's got to make a livin' Heaven and Hell (Heaven and Hell) Is on Earth (Is on Earth) Children cryin', women producin' Men go to work, and some go - stealin' Everyone's got to make a livin' Heaven and Hell (Heaven and Hell) Is on Earth (Is on Earth) 	[{Canibus}] 	Heaven and Hell - It Ain't Hard To Tell [Verse One: Pheonix Orion] Loraine's got to three mouths to feed Two dead beat daddies, and one illegitimacy seed Third generation welfare recipient Marcy Projects, tenement, that's the hell she's livin' in Brooklyn, everyday lives get took in She had her first baby at the age of fifteen Poor little Loraine, she did some bad things Nobody ever told her about birth control She's been livin' on the streets since thirteen years old Hit the pipe for the first time, and sold her soul Ain't no heaven for Loraine, hell, the ghetto is cold Now child warfare they wanna take control It's traumatic, trauma Somebody's baby momma, had so much drama Ayo guess where they found her? She OD'd in the back of staircase Weird thing about the whole scene she had a smile on her face [Chorus: Charlie Mackmansupreme] X2 [Verse Two: Canibus] Yea, I was forced to lie down 'til the wind died down Head for the high-ground, how the fuck I'ma survive now? Surrounded by grasshopper-mines in the mountains My rucksack bouncin', I can't walk without countin' My latest mixtape covered in glint tape Spit 'til lips ache, six-hundred and sixty-six takes Pretty good shape, real heavy spit weight Tell the DJ to his face, I'll rape his mixtape The gal with the widow's peak that didn't want to speak This the fifth time I seen her on the strip in a week I seen her jump out the jeep, run across the street Bare feet, her hair's neat, I don't care, but I see One day she came to me And said, "I want to be with you, but you live so dangerously" I grabbed her hand slow like the black Brando Said a romantic quote, we started to dance slow [Chorus: Charlie Mackmansupreme] X2 [Verse Three: Phoenix Orion] My older brother was a thug He said that mommy didn't give 'em enough love My other siblings they got stoned off drugs But I refuse to do the same I maintain and stay true to the rap game Alot of cats I know that chose the crack game Self-suicide, genocide, ghetto apartheid That's how they make a livin' in Brooklyn - Bed-Stuy Do or Die nigga, Cloack-N-Dagga [Verse Four: Canibus] Knock, Knock, Whose home? Tell 'em it's Tombstone Shake-charge blow the roof off, introduce Bones Fuck the haters, the undertaker from Jamaica Just looked her up and down and said, "Hmm, I'll take her" You know she got to make a livin' I seen the hoe in the cold, shiverin' Tell her she should start strippin' The opposite sex gettin' paid tryin' to model her chest Squeezin' her breasts for the bottleneck effect [Chorus: Charlie Mackmansupreme] X2 The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Canibus & Phoenix Orion Album: Def Con Zero Song: Rhythmatic Jiu Jitsu Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Canibus] Jeah, Rhythmatic Jiu Jitsu Comin to get'chu G-G-G-G-Giu spit some lyrical shit at you Rhythmatic Jiu Jitsu, left hand pin you to the wall While the right hand lift spoon and sip soup Bones levitate, I meditate, strong as a ape Slim as a snake, whatever it takes Yo I went to the morgue to identify the body of rap Decomposed and entirely whack I'm the reason every rapper in the world still breathin More blood for the machine, bring the next team in Brrrap, spit a verse like a five shot burst Actin like you not hurt, make your injury worse Y'all niggaz look rich, put your money in the square I'ma take you on a walk through the metaphor fair, yeah In the motorpool, odors and fumes Soldiers in rooms, you notice them, they notice you too Park my Strike on the street, open the hatch and stand on the seat and catch a RPG with my teeth They used to call me Gunny on 1-3 I don't give a fuck G, the Mark 19 got one speed Put your H3 HumVee in the junk heap The 25 mic might make things ugly [Canibus] The junkyard dawg, drunk on tour With biochemical scars, left on my arms The wanderer, conqueror, turned absconder And record labels don't sponsor that kind of monster Spit so nice, my own lips slice Come get me a knife, my infrared sight split rights Got you in a tight squeeze, coughin up like cream Like Chinese refugees with white knees Overseas I was Santa Claus, in camoflauge With a Mark 19 on my left handlebar Memorize the landmarks, close to the airport Can't stay here and talk, safety is a rare thought Wanna say fuck this, too late to just quit Slugs hit, different type of blood gets published Wifey complainin cause I'm home on crutches I complain back because there's no more dutches, yeah [Canibus] Readily the one repeat, read one copy Get somebody down here, Canibus is bein cocky Back from the ash in the flesh again I'ma keep gettin in like Mexicans With big breasts, estrogen, watch who you questionin You got them girls I requested men? Low key I'm so lonely, nobody knows me I move like molecules do but more slowly People get close to me but only to quote me Lyrically I feel like the whole world owes me A thousand years old in dog years, I'm on a lawn chair My pages dog-eared, I belong here [Canibus] Yeah, the junkyard dawg Rhythmatic Jiu Jitsu With biochemical scars left on my arms The wanderer, conqueror, turned absconder Def Con Zero over, Head Trauma The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Canibus & Phoenix Orion Album: Def Con Zero Song: Venomous Spit (B.K. Anthem) Typed by: DaSun_Akbar@HotMail.Com [Movie Sample] "You become all of a sudden, a mechanical man..." [Intro: Canibus] Ladies and Gentlemen, welcome to the K-1 boxing tourney {(Yo, Black Kobra gon' kill 'em)} {(Yo, that nigga, gon' kill that nigga)} Introducing Black Kobra, Dewey Cooper, you get fucked like Kama Sutra All competitors, get ready to get severed His Guyanese flying knees bust thru pine trees Cantonese ninth degree, Muy Thai Chi {(Black Kobra, Black Kobra, Black Kobra, Black Kobra)} [Verse One: Canibus] Spellbound jaws, repel down walls Breach the perimeters, take down four guards Shut down alarms, disarm all COM's Nobody moves, nobody get harmed Bloodshot red-eyes, look like two flares Zookeeper stay clear; the bear with blue-hair Stab you in the chest with Satan's bayonette Darth Vader versus Boba Fett; make a bet I can go toe-to-toe with cold flows But I don't go nose-to-nose with no hoes In the streets lyrically, I provide outreach ministry For the whole Hip-Hop industry I'm on some Scorpion King, Morpheus thing Break your pinkie off with a ring, then offer to sing Lord of the Rings, on the phone orderin' bling I'ma clip your wing then bring the coroners in Your body's numb like, one million scorpion stings Give me One Mic, and a cup of coffee to drink All right, watch the word-termite burn a mic I rhyme circles around niggaz; turn right First name, Germaine, last name, audio-slave Hold your breath off my audio wave Want to be brave? Dump you in a watery grave My brigade invade like Normandy D-Day Instant replay, spray your beats with an A.K. From a sea ray, call the I.A.E.A. Hey, Jesus, the great Can-I-Bus just Please us with your lyrical thesis LL Cool G; Ladies Love Cool Germaine I swim with 'em in pools of champagne Perform lyrical Yoga, in a Pagoda Instruct Malaysian silat special-op soldiers Look me up if you good enough I keep a hundred plus rhymes on me homey 'cause I wouldn't bluff The mic-God, terabyte I-Pod The rap icon that just stepped out of the white-fog Guns I move 'em up, run before I shoot 'em up Man, you fuck, shake ya' hand and order you a tux Black Kobra... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Canibus f/ Shaq Diesel Album: MicClub Mixtape Master, Vol. 1 Song: Shogun Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Shaq Diesel] + {Canibus} (One) Yo yo (One two!) Yo Big {Talk to me Big} (Check me out right here yo) Yo Big Big, tell 'em turn it up! {Yo talk to me so I can talk to them} Turn it up! (You need to turn the track up a little bit for me) {Tell me what the fuck to do} Turn it up! (All up in my ears, the mic is loud but the music ain't loud) Yo... this ain't about battlin, this ain't about beef no more (Yeah) {True} We stickin to the music {aight then} (Yeah!) You had a couple, a couple of altercations A couple of cats knocked you down - you gon' stay down? {Hell no nigga!} You gon' get up? {I'm 'bout to slay these niggaz!} Show me that lyrical fitness you was talkin 'bout {Aight then, aight, let's go!} (Uh-huh, uh-huh, uh-huh) [Canibus] Aiyyo the sun don't shine forever, but I could rhyme forever I'm a Ripper, this is personal nigga I'm back - so charged, I don't know how to act The face lifter, Kay Slay, Money Mark and Shaq [Shaq Diesel] In the Commission, I ain't got to ask for shit I'm D's Capo, B.I.G. from the Bricks You heard of me, seven one, three-fitty Real black and shitty, wife real pretty Shaq Dizzy, I take what you won't give me I bust off a couple, bitch let 'em hold fifty MC's is comical, Sasquatch phenomenal IV's plug in your arm inside the hospital Never gotta spit, I make more than Mike Anyone - Jordan, Jackson, Tyson Ac-shun Diesel, ridiculous Big Shaq, Kay Slay, 'Bis back to bust [Canibus] Can-I-bust verbal to burst you Raw shit, forklift the high hats in the side to let my verse through I'm so high in the clouds I gotta aim down Lyrically I'm six foot one from the waist down Lay down or taste rounds from the trey pound Kiss the ground as you lay face down Ghetto life is a death sentence Born in the hood, end up dead slumped over a car engine I am Shogun, loved by no one My props stop when the show's done, how come? These uncreative ungrateful scum Been where I been, but can't understand where I'm from Let me show you how the fire work over here son You gon' wear that watch, you might as well wear a gun When you come around real gangsters, you don't front Unless life is a luxury that you don't want The long gat, the stocking cap, serious as a heart attack like Redd Foxx puttin on the act Couple more reps, let the muscles flex Damn you gettin big 'Bis, they don't love you yet? I'm as smooth as smooth can get I shake your hand to bruise your neck to improve your breath Hang with rappers, actors and descendant masters Puffin on hash and defendin the classics I got hip-hop in my blood, I'm blessed Outside the bones but inside the flesh They better film this shit, cause I'm 'bout to blaze you And get it on tape too, I'm 'bout to Kay Slay you Somebody gon' grab you, try to escape Hold you down while I perform capouetta on your face Why you sound like that? Why you tear the mic down like that? Why you sound so intense when you rap? The airborne assault you can't call off, breathe exhaust like a horse or a supercharged Mustang Ford Good God niggaz is weak, I got real power Y'all rap for minutes, I rap for hours Now I only got a couple more bars to pounce ya Over the counter drugs, Canibus all in ya mouth son I wish this was a battle, I'd grab the mic and do curls and destroy you in front of the world Besides Corey Gunz, ain't shit hot since I been gone Maybe it's because you puff the same shit I bent on Kay Slay, 2004 nigga, the Ripper.. Mic Club, get the picture? Mic Club, get the picture? The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Canibus Album: MicClub Mixtape Master, Vol. 1 Song: Vitruvian CanMan Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Canibus] Yo, even when I rhyme slow My lyrics move at a high rate of speed cause they comin down slow My pantheon stands beyond songs, beyond the norm I've managed to draw the sihlouette of God Connect the dots with stars 'til my C forms in the shape of a deep sea prawn, go to the store Grab the CD without tongs or gloves on And see if it don't barbecue your palms and arms Ambience have a seance in the garden of Eve I'm a God, a gardener, a guardian of trees Banana clips and the spliff is all I'ma need I'ma inhale and exhale as long as I breathe Turn the mic on, I'ma torment the beat Tear the club down with a warning to leave Snit snow in the sauna, up to my knees Conduct business with broads that fuck for the queen Givin angels anal through halos Cause the skinny nigga in the seude gold say so I'm a pimp with a payroll, tryin to get paid Worldwide, I'm thinkin 'bout hirin some gays I pace back and forth like a lion in a cage Goin out in a blaze, call the fire brigade This is Canibus nigga, fuck what you heard about the name Niggaz know the steez, I tear mics out the frame Who wanna be famous, who's the brainless ignoramus Tryin to go against my steel stainless, I train for this How the fuck you gon' be grimy? Your guns is tiny Kill me you gotta deal with a batallion behind me In the center of the circle I stand as the Virtuvian Man I'm the illest, truly I am I unzip my own flesh and step out my skin Let you observe my inner being, it's a beautiful thing The intensity in the eyes, the reflection in the rhymes Microscopes couldn't find the depths of my design Sometimes I rhyme slow, sometimes I rhyme quick Sometimes I rhyme so long, the listeners quit This the template real MC's should abide by Let me wipe the mucus out the side of your mind's eye Singlehandedly carried the torch for ten years With a trojan horse techinque, that modern man feared And I never lost a battle motherfucker don't front Maybe on the 32nd day of the 13th month, CHUMP! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Canibus Album: MicClub Mixtape Master, Vol. 1 Song: Kill the Conjecture Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Canibus] Yeah, let's go... yo Aiyyo I put it to you so raw, you probably OD on the floor That's what you get for disagreein with God The LeBron James Bond, my aim with the arm is so long that I can tag along with SOCOM I spit to the beat, flip like Swizz did to the Beat At sunrise, I spit to the East Niggaz talk shit in the streets, when they 'bout to get released They ain't got no lip for the beast Make you strip like police, I point the heat From the hip to get leverage if you more than four deep Got a pistol grip hawk with a chrome beat, shit is so deep I check to make sure it's no leaks Lookin like Jada in a black Jig-ari Half Jag, half Ferrari, the valet saw me Shorty wanna know how the flesh work, what's under my sweatshirt That's why I hit the gym 'til my chest hurt Next year or summer I'ma kill the conjecture For now I'm just a hustler tryin to give you my best work The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Canibus Album: MicClub Mixtape Master, Vol. 1 Song: Say it Ain't So Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Canibus] Oh my motherfuckin God! Say it ain't so Jesus Christ, my name should be Jeebus Mic Even when I rip the shit, fans leave uptight Can-I-Bus, spit is in my blood, I'm blessed Outside the bones but inside the flesh And yes, if I was focused I could crush you Cause you sayin you focused, now how come I can still touch you? I bust you, then spit some Young Buck shit at you Cause I still got the heart to go bust me a head or two The perfect music machine, mechanical being The most lyrical digital streams the world has ever seen I did, I do, I does, I am I will be, I was the same nigga you love But slugs rain from the sky, it's like the angels want me to die They push me harder cause they want me to try A pitbull off the leash, barkin speech Like a bull in the pit, liftin you off your feet I feel like the world's mine, I can park in the street Kick the world's illest rhyme, police officers weep People layin on the concrete exhausted from heat Watchin John Kerry spit over some Michael Moore beats This is a little somethin that my repertoire boast I almost was in control of all coasts I give the fans rhymes to quote, they all dope Total lyrical landslide, give me all votes But I can be as quiet as they want me to be Cause even though they say my name, they ain't talkin to me They talk to magazines, they talk to MTV They up on 106 on BET talkin to Free Big niggaz actin tough, but they walk like they ankles is cuffed Who gives a FUCK if your ankles is buff I can ar-ticulate, I wanna par-ticipate But they tryin to hold me back with black ball number eight I pick the microphone up and spark the debate Ever since ninety-eight I been a target for hate Jesus Christ! My name should be JeeBus Mic Even when I rip the shit, fans leave uptight Fuck it, I'm in the middle of little Italy With a middleman that didn't know diddly so I killed him lyrically The Big Pun, energy enters me strengthens me Lay you on the floor, shoot you in the back, make you Centipede My sense of speed is ten over three MC times Kay Slay over the motherfuckin MP My fanbase sit and wait for the comin They couldn't follow the leader long enough so I drug 'em Yo Kay Slay, can I bust 'em? The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Canibus Album: MicClub Mixtape Master, Vol. 1 Song: U Don't Cee Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Canibus] It's the capital C, little A-N-I, capital B, U-S, whattup G Even from a distance I got a front row seat And I'm watchin what y'all don't see Listen up kids Your favorite artists are mafia bosses From the streets to the corporate office of they lawyers Niggaz got money and then they got hungry Got friends in powerful places just like Bugsy, but more ugly It's gon' get bloody, niggaz don't know the side of the street shit the TV don't show Tour buses full of weed and coke, gettin a hundred G's a show These niggaz got cheese to blow On the phone, governor hits, gotta hide they mothers and kids Talkin in code, watchin out for the feds Every day they address change Hoppin out of bombproof automobiles, from real jet planes The mainstream think they just rappin They don't have the eyes or ears to see or hear what's happenin I'm from an island where the skinny niggaz ride It's an island where the real skinny niggaz die Ask my nigga Spragga Benz, he'll tell you why We represent Jamaican pride It's a war bein fought on all levels, let me paint the picture It's the straights against the gays, but the gays is richer There's a lot of sexy beasts in the system that like men more than women Cause they spent so much time in the prison I can tell you what it is and what it isn't, this shit is subliminal Can't see it without the criminal vision Motherfuckers is livin a life nobody ain't filmin Thug TV, and it ain't for children Guns, sex, money and drugs, fuck your feelings Feds puttin smoke detectors with bugs in ceilings Niggaz hirin they own law enforcement Goin to court bent, dollars be talkin, drop the charges Don't forget, that nigga Shyne comin home soon And I +KNOW+ he hungry, I wonder what he gon' do If you can hear me cousin, I got my money on you What niggaz sayin in the streets is true, see you soon We can do somethin with Spragga B or Elephant Man When you come home, you see my shit is militant man I just came back from Belize, my uncle got married to this drug lord's niece, and bought a 36 karat marquis I'll holla at you, we'll discuss the plan I'm a soldier but I squeeze with a delicate hand The 50 cal cost fifteen thou' And I ain't stupid enough to say I got one, you figure it out It's a lot of nosy niggaz around That's why I moved the fuck out of New York to a less busier town With a 9 to 5, I still experience life on the finer side Hollerin ride or die Man of flesh with the eyes of God A concrete bunker protects my mind so I cry inside While I watch how the media designed the lies But real niggaz see eye to eye While fake niggaz run around lookin for another ride to buy With they lawyers co-signin the crime, I rhyme like there's a hundred million dollars on the line every time I'm ready to place a bet any time Empty a whole nine into any shield you hide behind to breach your contract with Father Time Just an old problem in the modern world, you see how these niggaz is thorough from borough to borough, I'll give you referrals 7-1-8, 3-6-0, 2-5-1 Send the last digit on a bullet through a barrel My hundred pound rucksack full of ammo and army apparel If a nigga REALLY wanna battle The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Canibus Album: MicClub Mixtape Master, Vol. 1 Song: Collecting Taxes Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Canibus] What? You wanna battle with a Jesus piece, you need luck You couldn't see me with Jacob piece from Jesus I lean you back like your spine just cracked Rhyme chiropractor get paid to adjust raps Spit somethin, let me see if I'ma bust back I front back gore yo' ass 'til you collapse Spin hats around lightspeed well hubcaps My gun'll clap faster than Savion Glover taps Wave the four at you, if it take more than that I kick down your door before you get the double axe Strapped for Canibus, just relax I came to collect taxes, as simple as that I raid your refridgerator, but other than that Before I leave I remind you to remember you're whack Yo my girl loves Usher but she said he gettin cocky I told her SHUT UP, cause that's the same way she knock me In the name of hip-hop I rock beats on blocked streets There ain't an MC that can stop me Need more beats? Scott Storch ain't cheap In Virginia, DMP or Nottz got heat Yo, _I Get Around_ like 'Pac and Shock G In a drop Jeep, lickin off shots at {?} It don't have to be a special occasion, I'll be blazin I'm Jamaican, you know that I don't worship no bacon This is real Canibus, leave your nose achin Niggaz be hatin but on the low they know the flow's dangerous The hip-hop Joe Namath, never missed a payment Don't say shit to me, talk to the niggaz I came with Kay Slay shit nigga, Drama King nigga Bada Bing nigga... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Canibus Album: MicClub Mixtape Master Vol. 1 Song: Get Off Ya Kneez Typed by: DaSun_Akbar@HotMail.Com [Sample] "Man, get up, I got up" "They said to be quick my friend, and +Get Off Ya Kneez+" "I got up, they said to be quick my friend, and +Get Off Ya Kneez+" "The word 'I can't' nobody knows" "They said to be quick my friend, and +Get Off Ya Kneez+" "I got up, they said to be quick my friend, and +Get Off Ya Kneez+" "The word 'I can't' nobody knows" [Verse One: Canibus] Yo, +Get Off Ya Kneez+, change your style 'cause it's time Niggaz want me to rhyme pre-ninety-nine No one can flow with 'Bis, most people know this But others just won't admit, they can't get over it Rhymes I been known to spit, mic's I been known to grip Makes me the ultimate, God-Father over this I'm just a ghost of Rip A soldier in this show business don't exist if he has no defense My opponents are so intent, not to show respect They fret 'cause I'm a global threat I'm so hard to catch, a covert celeb I relocate so quick they can't close the Net I expose the press, dispose of the prints On the loose again nobody knows what's next My virus infects, every machine with clandestine speech Nigga +Get Off Ya Kneez+ [Sample] [Hook: Canibus] +Get Off Ya Kneez+ +Get Off Ya Kneez+ +Get Off Ya Kneez+ [Verse Two: Canibus] Yea, Hip-Hop's habitat, Rip the Jacker's back This is battle rap, therefore I master tracks I mix an with thrax in your digestive track I suggest it's wack, then I side-step to the back I kidnap your ex, for ten million Francs Make you shit your pants; you smell like septic tanks Just respect it man throw a fist in the air The distance is near, Armageddon is here I permeate unworldly planes As they crash in the Worlds that Trade, only my words remain Altruist Egoist, people are ignorant What is the meanin' of meaningless meaningfulness? Formulas of primordial audio Forty ohms of euphoria anointed flows It Was Written so it shall be told +Get Off Ya Kneez+, give me the microphone Motherfucka +Get Off Ya Kneez+ [Sample] [Hook: Canibus] [Verse Three: Canibus] My manhood is massive, when it's not flaccid 'Bis is real cool when he's not +Rip the Jacker+ I am modernesque, I am complex Vicarious logic of bodily hardship Beat your ass 'til your teeth mash Sand-blast your face blow a breeze past, make you bleed fast E.K.G.'s beep fast, doctors speak fast For skin graft the patch over deep gash Give me details, how does meat smell? After a train derails into a field of gazelles Step in the club; turn the crystal in your cups to red blood Fuck your heads up Suspend me from the game, don't mention my name Impossible Can-I-Bus ruptures your brain Don't be a schmuck, you act like a movie I've proved I'm the illest you cannot disprove me +Get Off Ya Kneez+ [Sample] [Hook: Canibus] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Canibus f/ Young Zee Album: Mic Club Mixtape Master, Vol. 1 Song: Baggin' Up Da Pundz Typed by: DaSun_Akbar@HotMail.COm [Chorus: Canibus & (Young Zee)] X2 Funky funky funky funky 'cause you heard it from hearsay A jam that you love but don't be getting no airplay Strictly for stuntin' when you ridin' around (At twelve o'clock at night, when I bagged 'em dem pundz) [Verse One: Canibus] This is strictly for stunting when you ridin' around With a Vida Guerra look-alike massagin' you down Bitches hop in the drop, take off they top, my belt-buckle pop They gobble the cock, then swallow the shot General Hip-Hop just ordered you to stand down nigga Beat you up with your fans around nigga Studio spot-check, let me see what you wrote Motha fucka, you don't want to spit, flutter kicks, go Fake niggaz get rejected, auditioning for heart They auditioning for the wrong part Them niggas ain't from the hood, they got the wrong walk They all soft, with no thought, all talk, they in the wrong sport In a golf cart, talkin' 'bout they hard-core With some bullshit twenty-two's they bought from Wal*Mart (Bitch!) My gat bark, bite you like a shark, right in the heart Like a mosquito bite in the dark You got bit, you massage it, I'ma lighten your pockets Make a withdrawal, and take your deposit, to split profit My sawed-off blow arms off Insurance don't cover what a prosthetic skull cost, it's your loss Mother fuckers, keep your ears to the street 'Cause if you raise up, you get hit in the head with the heat If you dead, you can't eat, so don't be a fool And try to protect your jewels, 'cause they can't protect you [Chorus: Canibus & (Young Zee)] X2 [Verse Two: Young Zee] Young Zee, I keep that .357 weapon Get your chest pressed in Leave you dead in Best Western Bye, send your master to look for us Better be Bruce Lee, me better bring Chuck Norris I get glocks from the Italian Mafia I dress up, meet them niggaz down in Operas I won't stop 'til my town is popular House so far, can't see without Binoculars On the streets I'm creamin' wit DU All in the hood, see they dreamin' to be you I roll up wit 'Em, give dime honey's heart attacks Out in Florida wit money market Shaq act up I put flesh and dirt, hope you bless through church 'Cause to find y'all, they gon' need a rescue search Yea, I'm waitin' to drop these syllables and nouns 'Til then, I'll be baggin' up dem pundz [Chorus: Canibus & (Young Zee)] X2 The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Canibus Album: MicClub Mixtape Master, Vol. 1 Song: Yeng Meng Typed by: DaSun_Akbar@HotMail.Com [Chorus: Canibus] Niggaz runnin' around like, "what did he say?" All day, everyday, "what did he say?" Everybody want to know, "what did you say?" [Verse One: Canibus] Yo, I don't want to waste no lyrics talkin' about you Just let my body die and rot in hell why don't you You asked the same question, I already told you I'ma lyricist, I do what I'm supposed to do You ever wonder what Hip-Hop would have been without me? I'm six albums deep, somebody is thinkin' about me Whether it's good or bad, yo, I can't control it A nigga's opinion belongs to him; I can't own it I microphone this with my own way of doin' things All my rhymes really do is provoke you to think People don't care about your passion when they comin' at you All they ever see is record sales and dollar value What the fuck does it matter what I'm rappin' to? I can rhyme acapella and attract the youth If you want to compromise, we can do that too But I ain't never in the mood to drink no wack juice The bottom line is I need a bigger budget Advertising is how you program the public People don't have to understand to love somethin' As long as they see it enough, they just trust it, that's why I'm like fuck it I might as well do what I do best And that's rip a microphone to shreds Even the best confessed, at some point in they life, they said That I'm the illest, but now they want you to forget So I accept the bitter with the sweet, mix it with some heat Show them how to emcee, and spit it to a beat I can do it in my sleep, nigga If I'm awake, how the fuck you gon' compete, nigga? The nerve of these niggaz I move like my shadow is weightless Expose myself like a faceless, plastic surgery patient Transmitting from an undisclosed location Pirate stations with phantom frequency modulations My throat-pistol spit ghost-signals And you never get the antidote from me, 'cause I bit you Stab you with a jagged crystal, 'cause my energy emit through Anything metallic, even a pencil Feel the bush burn, turn your cornrow into a good perm My flat-feet with no curves squish worms The bad news is I got a tight flow The good news is I just switched to Geico This is Hip-Hop nigga Listen to the voice go drip-drop nigga Swimmers in my saliva river drown when I give it to them The hemispheres of my brain got a river through it; gray-matter fluid The mic is a spark-plug When I grab it, I glow, come with that Edelbrock carburetor flow When I yolk back the choke full-throttle and go for broke I've become a G.O.A.T. ripper on a positive note The width of my rap, too thick to fit through the gap The viscosity of my spit lubricates the track Touch the VAT-lit screen, illuminate the map Show me where you at; show me how you plan to get back My navigation better than yours, and even though you the best Hip-Hop is my house; you still my guest You want more, I give you less You want less, I give you more 'til you swimmin' in it up to your neck Listen to the words bouncin' off the lungs in my chest Hittin' you from every angle like porno-sex Still here 'cause the Lord knows best Last thing he said to me was, "let them know 'Bis," I'ma let them know this Nobody contends with Canibus When it comes to rhymes; everybody pales in comparison (Word) Nobody compares to Canibus Hip-Hop is Yeng, Canibus is Yang to balance it [Chorus: Canibus] Niggaz runnin' around like, "what did he say?" All day, everyday, "what did he say?" Everybody want to know, "what did you say?" The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Canibus f/ The Horsemen Album: MicClub Mixtape Master, Vol. 1 Song: Horsemen Talk Typed by: DaSun_Akbar@HotMail.Com (*horses galloping and neighing*) [Intro: Killah Priest] Yea, mothafuckas [Chorus: Killah Priest] This is +Horsemen Talk+, Horsemen walk Get the fuck out the way before The Horsemen stalk We headless mothafuckas and we lacerate Don't you know the shit could get real when your ass get smoked? {*gun shot*} This is Horsemen Talk, Horsemen walk Get the fuck out the way before The Horsemen stalk We headless mothafuckas and we lacerate Don't you know the shit could get real when you wind up smoked? [Verse One: Killah Priest] I spit volcanoes, twist heads, spit lead Then boast like the angels, the scorpion tongue Come close I'ma sting you, I'm Morpheus' son Part two to The Matrix, I'm atheist Only God is my gauges and the clip is my church Show the beginnin' and the end when I'm spittin' my verse Voodoo curse brought back The Horsemen from the grave Four headless mothafuckas now clappin' their gate Stomp his chest in and put the fuckin' axe through his leg Chop his head off, 'cause the livin' mothafuckas never seen the dead walk 'Til now, Horsemen spread his corpse across the ground Priest pick niggaz off that talk, with a pound, c'mon [Chorus: Killah Priest] This is Horsemen Talk, Horsemen walk Get the fuck out the way before The Horsemen stalk We headless mothafuckas and we lacerate Don't you know the shit could get real when you wind up smoked? [Verse Two: Kurupt] The headless Horsemen nigga I'm back, give me a fired up Mac Seventeen different satchels of uncooked crack Dogs don't associate with cats Horses beat niggaz with metallic wiffle ball bats If time could rewind I would have rewound before Knocked down, surround and drowned before Concentrated, ligaments separated Pronounced un-hoofed with the hoofs pound I'm Kurupt, Young Gotti, the Headless Horseman I'm the one that started off extortion Contortion began to spread to scorchin' Featherweights came with the enforcements And forced the enforcements I'm forcin' And open the doors, let all the force in I never really gave a fuck what it's costin' Time ain't money 'cause I take my money And I take my time when I take my money I'm always careful when I make my money I know about niggaz gettin' quaked by money But The Horsemen here though Comin' through with the Hennessey and dough dough I'm lookin' at the niggaz peepin' out the hoes I start cookin' mothafuckas like kilos (*horses neighing*) [Chorus: Killah Priest] This is +Horsemen Talk+, Horsemen walk Get the fuck out the way before The Horsemen stalk [Verse Three: Ras Kass] Cock my Beanie like Anna B C, Gwen Release the beast, G heat, creeps beneath me Like the over fiend ET with DVD Feasibly he see beyond 3-D We the glitch in The Matrix Neo - "these niggaz got computer code runnin' across they faces" Temporarily trade places I define Hip-Hop and transcend it Take linear time and bend it The biggest lie ever told, ever since the 13th amendment Was whoever told you, you could contend with men with tremendous? For rhymin' magnum mentality, for rhymin' over instrumentals Flow like menstrual Mena trois menaces, murder fresh-maker like Mentos Rock like cement, cum like semen Judgmental demon, mad lizard Y'all niggaz is fembots We bend blocks with big shots And kill your little homey like Kid Rock's I kid you not, kick rocks or kick box I'm like a one legged man in an ass kickin' contest You're gon' get your ass stampeded repeatedly And immediately Hannibal Lector gon' feed it to me Please believe what you see Or see it to believe it Heard men are from Mars, that's why I floss on Venus Wipe out the species, extinct ya whole genus So fresh and so clean this The OutKast of rap, Horsemen attack The only thing gon' pop is my collar and a gat [Chorus: Killah Priest] This is +Horsemen Talk+, Horsemen walk Get the fuck out the way before The Horsemen stalk We headless mothafuckas and we lacerate Don't you know the shit could get real when your ass get smoked? {*gun shot*} This is Horsemen Talk, Horsemen walk Get the fuck out the way before The Horsemen stalk We headless mothafuckas and we lacerate Don't you know the shit could get real when you wind up smoked? [Verse Four: Canibus] Yo, yo, yo Fuck beggin' for ya life, I have you niggaz beggin for death Use a dull blade and sever ya neck You're whack because I say so In my platoon niggaz like you are good for peelin' potatoes With your manicured hands and gay flows I murder your first born after it's only a day old +Rip the Jacker+ rips the track up Rippin' rappers, eight sack, rippin' that ass up Niggas back up when I attack with my axe up Swingin faster than Tiger Woods at The Masters (FORE!) I decapitate you faggots Then gallop over ya body with a horse and carriage Kidnap ya widow, fuck her in a wooden cabinet Pass the pussy to Priest and let him stab it Ask Ras and Kurupt if they wanna get at it Laughin' like madmen, swallowin X tablets Natural born spitters that mean business Millennium niggaz, got the Sword of Guinean wit us And we all got a bone to pick Niggaz talkin' about frozen wrists and how much dough they get Go to war with them like the Bosnians and Bolsheviks Put an umbrella up they asshole and open it While I'm still holdin' it, openin and closin' it I break they motherfuckin' pelvic bones with it I will sabotage, everybody knows that shit A nigga spittin' like me ain't supposed to break Now I got a formula that's guaranteed to work The Horsemen, remember you heard it from me first Four niggaz that done been through it With more knowledge than the Druids and the will power to do it My cranium pumps uranium My first name's Germaine so my heart probably pumps Germanium When I die, they should have my wake in a stadium You can witness my body beamed up by aliens Radiation poisonin' that will probably make ya skin fall off Motherfucker this is +Horsemen Talk+ The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Canibus Album: MicClub Mixtape Master, Vol. 1 Song: Da Paycut Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Canibus] Yeah, Mic Club Aiyyo we got off to a cold start, let me warm shit up You now listening to Can-I-Bus Yo why would you do that? Your view too black You must have smoked somethin I used to call pool hall crack Put a suit on you still look whack Somewhere givin orders from confined quarters, handcuffed to a fag Played the street too much, shoulda been in the lab Now you sad, mad at who you was fussin with last Life's a bitch ain't it? Smile, it ain't nothin to laugh Rose hell at show'n'tell, brought a gun to your class Keep the herb on the dash cause I'm servin 'em fast Classic lyrics for that ass, cause the purpose is cash Look I got a couple photos of you tryin to showboat Before my gunboat touch your throat, don't talk The microphone shark tear your bones apart Spread you over your background like bogus art Put the most in art, try to focus on the frozen dart Cold and dark as a cobra's heart I drink the absinthe raw, no chaser Madness follows me like investigators after Al'Qaeda The metaphor make a voice like Lord Vader If you love hip-hop, I am your saviour Rip your mixtape up and still take a paycut Me and you in the booth, who you think is gon' say somethin? 'Member ninety-eight when I rung those bells? I'm a chip off the old block like Uncle L Fuck a bootlace, I strap velcro up Niggaz had gun talk, so what? They still didn't show up Fuck around with 'Bus on the mic, they got no luck Other than that, I don't really know what The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Canibus Album: MicClub Mixtape Master, Vol. 1 Song: Give it More Typed by: armen52@yahoo.com [Verse One] I got this beat from Riggs, yeah I got it from Riggs Cause in a minute I'ma be on top of the biz Try to act like you don't know who it is Around the globe there's kids that play the Canibus quotable quiz Its like if you ain't a mogul they don't know who you is But I'm a oldie in the biz with the vocals and libs Said so much crazy shit on my last album my name shut Interpol down for two hours Now that's true power I create what I can't count to rhyme from my anger management counselor Just listen to the fives and blend in with the signal you getting Can you hear me now? Answer the question You wanna talk about sick poems? I spit stones Leave you split holmes, tied knots with your rib bones Quick blows break off your limp wrist bones Make you scream melodies in twelve different ringtones I can speak Chinese, ching chong get off the ding dong Knock your ass over the tables like little ping pongs You got balls? Bring 'em on I smash 'em with a spiked bat like Raekwon with Cuban Linx on Blink and you gone, let off more shells than shrimp farms Spit raw, your face look like you smelling stink bombs You ain't dreamin nigga, pinch your arm Canibus be spittin' bars that can dislodge Kanye's jaws [Hook] x 2 What you lookin' for? We hookin' off Punchlines on the song through the hook and all You actin' like you think you too good to fall You spit with a glass jaw, get up give it more [Verse Two] If I was focused I could crush you Cause you sayin you focused, then how come I can still touch you? I bust you, then spit some young buck shit at you cause I still got the heart to go bust me a head or two My little arms carry big arms, to tickle the clip finger Keep the sig warm when I bring harm I have a nigga screamin' for his mama Your body armor don't protect you from your karma Come along with me, let me see what you got Battle you on the spot, show you how nice you not I'm the champ like Ali, you just a close copy When people see you, they don't know that its not me I flow 'cause I got to This shit sound hot 'cause its not you You tried to catch me, but I got you I got a mind that spins like belt drives And when I seen hip hop die I felt cries But I got an idea to bring it back to life Bring me back to the mic, make sure you package it right I'll go all out, pour my heart out, mix it around Put my voice to these beats, let it mix with the sound [Hook] x 2 The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Canibus Album: MicClub Mixtape Master, Vol. 1 Song: The Mic Disease Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Canibus] Yeah! New York City You are now rockin with the best, the 'Bus And I'ma test this once (yeah, yeah, yeah) Let's go, let's go Aiyyo I'm so updated niggaz get frustrated I'm the best that you ever heard, nigga fuck your favorite Fuck a public statement, I'ma say it right here It's quite clear, I'm the nicest anywhere You paranoid, what's the reason for that? Scared in the barbershop chair, with heat in your lap I drag you out in the desert, freeze you in fact Pulp trees run out of paper, roll leaf with the map It's like that, give me dap, Cani-Beezy is back I'ma take 40 million this season in rap Take small change as long as I can afford range When I'm flyin overseas, I can't take no small planes If the course change, I'll be in the cockpit With the glock cocked, lookin at the pilot all strange Jason Jermaine, born Williams as a false name U.S. military trained, remember one thang I remember was no other soldier like me My M-4 carbine bang nightly Hand combat Tai-Chi, fight me I'm Sagittarius, so I don't like Pisces Effect you with the mic disease, try to breathe Airborne spores reach overseas with light breeze Out in Waikiki with ki's and G's On a hammock with my trees like, what you need? Got shorties in tight jeans over there, this is what life means She suck me off, then she take me sightseein Spendin per diem with a real nicely tanned Korean She and her friend, they drive a little BM Picked me up at 10 P.M., took me to the VM Cause I was already kinda leanin off the Seagram's I'm feelin weak, blame it on the herb rush Yo that's Kay Slay bangin Lloyd Banks? Turn it up I got a track after this one, I burnt it up Big Shaq, Money Mark, Canibus, you heard of us I do you rhyme surplus, words deluxe Manufactured the 'Bus, just observe me once I'm the bright light before you, the first of one Kay Slay brought me back cause they worshipped son The cursed one, my hip-hop heartbeat thump Who that punk talkin junk, I'll punch the chump Badunkadunk, like Lil' Jon on crunk Have wonton for lunch with Brazilian fudge Toss a rock my way, and I'll probably throw a million slugs Be at your door with a million thugs! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Canibus f/ Kool G. Rap Album: MicClub Mixtape Master, Vol. 1 Song: Allied Metaforces Typed by: DaSun Akbar [Canibus] Yo, the shotee rip, perforate the skin on top of your ribs Red stuff comes out of squibs like a Hollywood script Bitch niggaz on the floor screamin' for mommy and shit Cardiologists hook up the heart monitors quick Thermometer temperature dips below seventy-six That's what you get for tellin' niggaz that you're better than 'Bis Not possible, if I can't pronounce it, it ain't rhymable The audible probability probably ain't probable Supreme rap, G rap underground without a roof Chopper proof, holdin' Hip-Hop for hostage about to shoot Helicopters stabilize at low altitudes Talkin' to the negotiator layin' out the rules In a tight compromisin' loop road blocked with troops Under orders not to shoot but they break your vertebra with boots Ten O'clock news flash, 'Bis and G Rap All points bulletin lookin' for them niggaz in black Leaned back in an Avocado El-Dorado Passin' the bottle, speakin' Japanese like, "No me mah show" She's got a banging body, cold sushi with warm saki And if Im rappin' sloppy G's got me [Kool G. Rap] Welcome to my world, danger and hazards Gang of bastards, bangin' they ratchets King and the Jacker, slangin' in traffic Claimin' they cabbage, obtain half, they aimin' for stackage Get brains from the attic, keep blingin' with karats Cops see me in Maddox, then let ya dame have it, flames to the attic The stains on ya fabric, the paint in the graphic Canibus and G Rap, bangin' a classic And if that beef on the street - hate you enough Blow out ya brain in ya casket Don't you love this drug element? Where slugs crush ya melon and dome Chrome that's known to break bones in an elephant Shotgun pellets and, gunsmoke; smell the scent Big bullets wiggle ya guts like gelatin Cut through ya skeleton, knockage intelligence Bystanders bite the dust Jake wanna be like a Russian cuffed thrown in that Riker bus We raised in the slums, with haze in our lungs, raisin' the guns Knowin' - my day'll come, razors under the tongue Clips in the steel, bricks in the wheels Chips in the field of fortune Dead men walkin' with hits on the grills Late night at the spot, posted with goons, dope and balloons Coke and the doom, you scheme? I'll leave you open with wounds, nigga! Witness G Rap put it back in perspective Beat up shit with a dash of the peppers Get blast for ya necklace Leave ya brains on the dash in ya Lexus We up in the club, dash for the exit Make ya spread 'em out - show you what this lead about Take it from an old thug, whoever clean cold blood Believe they bled it out (Yo) Crave for the war, pop out rages with fours Hit the jackpot, blazin' the raw - gettin' bands in the pores Bitches enjoy with dick in their jaws The frame drank sick of Valor, straight bandit spot Open up shop, turn the block to "Planet Rock" Shit with no chop, slept with the glock with the hammer cocked Servin' the fiends, hop in the Suburban and lean Look at that don nigga swervin' in Queens, playa Ballin' a lot, brawlin' for props, callin' the shots Hit the curb, birds all on the flock Jockin', like "who that there covered in all of them rocks" (Giacanna) It's royalty bitch, fall on the cock, recognize one (Ride out) Giacanna G Rap, that live one - pay homage (God bitch!) Get it fucked up, I spray comments, nigga what?! (Nigga what, it's The Curriculum: Mic Club) [Canibus] Yo, e'yythin' is e'yythin' my nigga I ain't bitter but if I give you the finger it'll be behind a trigger Faggot ass nigga livin' in a gated community Up at radio tellin' them what you're going to do to me I live in the 'burbs Clean my Winchester every other weekend with the same dirty Hanes shirt It takes two to tango, three to jump rope Four to bury the body plus look out for poe' Yo, I guard everythin' within the limits of my post My orders are to smoke you if you get too close The whole Globe is scared of my flow Spirit world, scared of my soul Nowadays it's like Im scared to be known The methods of my motivation is completely subjective My perception is completely parallel to perspective Rhyming is the reason I spit in faces Habituation of my flamboyance without rational reservation Whiskey, X-ray, Yankee, Zulu, unusual Wordologically my syllable position is beautiful Only respect niggaz if the feelin' is mutual G Rap snatched the jewels from you; I'll throw them in the crucible Probably throw you in it too, mix it up and make nigga-stew If you can't admit I'm iller than you Baby what's wrong with your shadows, Canibus and G Rap flow Mothafucka you're 'fessionallin' with the Pros [Kool G. Rap] Know it's, dough over hoes - bankrolls, Rovers and clothes And shots blow all them cowards and foes Giacanna proud with the pros, foul mode We quick reachers, spear with the fearless 'til you drip liters Flip divas, the big secret on the strip to 'til their tits and beaver Sip Cris' and sniff coke of the peeter Yeah we ball big baby, lock off the meter You should see us, it's movie star status Scar lavish large cabbage, rip the Pablo Escobar fabrics Froze the road we chose, not a pretty route, nittied out Grimey and grittied out, stack dough, jiggy out Dime bitches behavin' like ya sex slave skizzied out Some nigga dizzy style 'til he's out, busy mouth Swerve to the curb, hit the bird split the kitties out We kidnap for trap - blackmail for a gang a mill Spot banger himself, fishscale rocks under the fingernails The blood trail lead to a corpse Treat my appetite for greed with a torch For keys to a Porsche, to breeze in the loft Roll up my hand sheets with the force We squeeze off, no need for remorse, playa Forty wild goons, we forty Calhouns You die forty foul dooms for forty coward moves Bless sparkle, and spark until my shorty style rules Giancanna dead? We spread; I'll be a 40 mile tune nigga What, what nigga? The noble laureate comin' at y'all niggaz Uh, 40-pound style nigga The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Canibus Album: MicClub Mixtape Master, Vol. 1 Song: Mic Club Mascot Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Canibus] Yeah, just one of those moments where a nigga feel like tearin this shit down Y'all niggaz know what Canibus is known for Yeah, yo Propane in the form of flames sprayed when I point the barrel your way Ever barbecue a piece of meat for a whole day? You'll see a smoke cloud the darkest shade of charcoal gray Even when you get to heaven you'll be D.O.A. Send him to a place GPS couldn't locate My mind so great, my neck might break from the weight Robin Hood of mixtapes since ninety-eight Steal from the fake, give to the real cause they feel what I make Stash steal then I pealed over the hill by the lake Don't make me have to go get it, I peel the grill off your face Jermaine's hell, yeah I package paint myself son of Jorel Take and cram more yay by the grill Courage in you to yell, order men to tie you to the top of your cell While I stab you in the navel with a quill Askin you who's ill, tryin to break your will Spinnin the wheel, lower you down knee first on nails Make you shit yourself, witness the smell Picture an anal IV feedin you poisonous liquidous gel It's violent but why you gettin all sensitive now I'm the real king of battle, this is how I get down Can't listen to it then DON'T, you spit it fluid then DOPE The illest, comin from what the other illest quote Magazines once said I was the greatful hope Some washed up bloke that couldn't execute what he wrote It ain't over cause I still find ways to promote Waves engulfed my boat but I managed to float Swim to the coast, make a new ark from oak Build a bonfire and smoke, pounds of 'dro My own rhyme scarred my throat, torn is how I'll be remembered by most From now 'til the day that I croak In a year I'm liable to be on a yacht in the ocean Or in an armored platinum pine box decomposin Mic Club motherfucker... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Canibus Album: MicClub Mixtape Master, Vol. 1 Song: Gone in 60 Seconds Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Canibus] You got less than a minute left to recognize the voice Take your blindfold off, look at the size of this joint I see you lookin at the barrel, I'ma get to the point What the fuck is this I'm hearin 'bout beef wit'cha boy? Beef with who? I got my problems to face Cause it pours when it rains out in Washington state Behind a hexagonal shaped gate, you can't even relate Right now I live inside a base Inside the beast, watch how I move and speak There's military police on every street Life is shit, I taste it in the food I eat Motherfuckers be amazed by how cool I keep I don't get depressed, I get the vest You still don't recognize the voice, you got 20 seconds left Dawg, my team is small, but you can still look to the left of your head and see a red beam on the wall Firepower so awesome, when the barrel is barkin I lean forward to keep from fallin My gun's got grenade launchers on the bottom Keep talkin, you'll be restin as pieces in a coffin The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Canibus Album: MicClub Mixtape Master, Vol. 1 Song: Box Cutta' Bladerunna' Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [18 second car chase intro to start] [Canibus] Record industry's most wanted, Rip the Jacker Wanted for the '98 slayings of several rappers One of which went on to be a successful actor Here's the reenactment, he called me at my mansion But the phone probably rang two times, then I answered He sounded really amped up, he tried to scare me He told me that Def Jam wanted to ban me And told me Tracy Wabels{?} wanted to bang me Damn I wanted to get in her panties, she was scared of me Canibus hates the media and the magazines They add so much credibility to elaborate schemes Internet chatrooms with live feeds of a rapper Bein eaten alive by live bees Sound barriers like the Lockheed, even with knock knees I run across rough terrain at mach speed That's a rhyme from like 9-3, it's vivid in the mind as pictures with six hundred DPI's to a sheet If I'm high when I speak, the knowledge is deep, solid as concrete This is real hip-hop for the streets I never leave any witnesses, it's ridiculous They serve me court papers at the studio I did this in Missin from society, because they lied to me They didn't want to accept my doctrine of society I've studied with hundreds of scientists and science teams In various Ivy Leagues, they respect my esteem Whattayou want me to rap about? Go 'head, try a theme Give me a person place or thing, I'll create the time and scene Somewhere in Afghanistan, U.S.A. survival teams Keep an eye on their surroundings in the jihad regime A total riot scene, back and forth they encrypt fiber optic beams on my album out next spring You motherfuckin right nigga, I'm about that cream I promised myself I wouldn't shoot it without that scene It doesn't look right like Cash Money without that bling Siblings, I mean we all got the same last name Jermaine, Williams, that's my name Say it again, Jermaine Williams, dang! I think he goes by the name of the Canibus man And occasionally Rip the Jacker, but never Stan Get it through your head and don't ask me again Box cutta', bladerunna', nigga rap 'til you sweat Have you ever read a book called "The Catcher in the Rye" It so happens I'm lookin for a copy I can buy Canibus is comin for y'all 'round the outside 'Round the outside, 'round the outside A lot of y'all shine, but y'all can't rhyme And it's about time that I put y'all in line Twist your mind, with twisted rhymes As weird as Michael Jackson's nose from the side Flows that abide are quite bold for the times No need to hide, your friends are associates of mine Don't be a stranger, come over some time I got coke if you do lines, you get a robe at the drive If you hear the engine knockin just pull over to the side I guess it hasn't been serviced in all this time Halloween, "True Hollywood Stories" release date We should have a "Who Wants to Battle Canibus" sweepstakes And limit it to three states, New York City, home of the greats Philly and out West, piece of cake Old school rappers I wouldn't be around without ain't got shit to say but keep puttin albums out Don't let what I said, get you upset Box cutta', bladerunna', nigga rap 'til you sweat The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Canibus Album: MicClub Mixtape Master, Vol. 1 Song: Rip Iz Alive Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [22 second intro] [Canibus] I'm the real king of my kingdom I make my women practice isolationialism as soon as I get 'em Run my world with an iron rod behind iron bars Enclosed behind iron doors in a small iron box in the corner Shielded behind firewalls and water doors Down the gaseous corridor, welcome to my world of horror! A coroner with an immortal aura The rhyme slang and holla at a Ripper, rip you to live longer Get stronger every record that I record Morph my arms into a sword and clotheslines you running forward You can't ignore 'Bis, motherfucker I started this! As far as artists that spit, Canibus is dominant Hot shit from a lava pit studied by oceanographers At the ocean's bottom, with rocketship sound effects A Ripper in the flesh, signed in ink, nigga You ain't ill if you need to time to think You talk shit, my personality split, you get ripped and that's it A "True Hollywood Story" bitch In my world Jermaine's gone, Canibus is just a moniker Stay behind the follower, I'm fin' to demolish you fucks Can-I-bust? (YEAH!) Now that's what I'm talkin 'bout Call me Mr. Spit Shit, also known as Toilet Mouth Y'all been warned about a million times I done wrote about a million rhymes since July '85 When I'm writin I'm impervious to fraud My fine art's verbal collage is worthy of the Gods When I'm 30 years old, I'ma quit rhymin Collect my own catalogue and open up a library Lock myself in solitary six months at a time Work at the university and teach sick fucks how to rhyme NOBODY'S SAFE, NOBODY can say that they great I put a jacker's cold body in a crate Trap his soul in an electromagnetic vase Put the crate on a wide lowrider and drive it in a lake Look in my eyes, then look in my face Nobody's here to arbitrate, realize it's time for your FATE! HA HA HA! (HA HA, HA, HA HA HA..) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Canibus Album: MicClub Mixtape Master, Vol. 1 Song: Bis vs. Rap (Original Version) Typed by: DaSun Akbar [Intro: (Bis) {RIP}] (Yo Rip {WHAT} come here man, let me talk to you for a 'sec?) {WHAT THE FUCK YOU WANNA TALK ABOUT NIGGA? (Why you screamin' man?) {I'M THE ILLEST, I'M THE ILLEST} (Yo, relax, yo put that down) {YO, DON'T TELL ME..} {YO, I'LL BEAT YOUR LITTLE SKINNY ASS NIGGA} (Yo, what the fuck is wrong with you?) {FUCK YOU!!} [Rip] Yo, you fuckin' hate me; you fuckin' lock me in the basement But you still want me to protect you - it doesn't make sense Can-I-Bitch - I supported you like a weight bench Without me you're defenseless you better face it You ain't show me love when you was at your apex Gettin' paychecks up at the radio with DMX and Flex Catchin' wreck while Noreaga was catching his breath I had to keep the situation in check Look at the varicose veins in my neck, Germaine is the best The industry fucked you; I'm just payin' 'em back What's the matter with slayin' jackers? That's all I've been doin' Besides talkin' shit I ain't done nothin' to 'em They just mad 'cause when I see 'em I don't run up to 'em Between me and you, yo you know I run right through 'em [Bis] Yo, calm down [Rip] Who you tellin' to calm down nigga, I'm a Ripper remember? I told you not to do "Gone Til November" But you wouldn't listen; I always had your best interests in mind I wrote all your best lyrical lines If it wasn't for me you'd be writin' pitiful lines On stage if you was tired, I was spittin' sometimes Nobody knew you bit off my rhymes I would just be quiet, stand to the side and let that shit ride But I'm gettin' tired of havin' to remind you Bis If it wasn't for me nobody would've signed you Bis [Bis] C'mon Rip, you a lyin' ass bitch and you know it Group Home was part my company, I co-owned it If its one thing I learned in show biz Stay focused and don't quit Rip Why you talkin' 'bout old shit? [Rip] Germaine, you fuckin' water brain Don't you understand, fuck the mainstream You should just call out names The industry's all about game I shit on 'em all the same And I leave spit stains on their brain Like liquid chocolate spillin' over their new white trainers Insane is an understatement, I'm Satan Canibus is amazing; I don't know what the fuck Germaine is I just know that both of y'all are trying my patience I don't give a fuck about a beat; I've been rhyming for ages Rippers are dangerous, all jackers are afraid of us You wanna face me Bis? Kick a rhyme! [Bis] No, that's ridiculous [Rip] Aiight then, listen to mine I jump in a costume impromptu just to rob you Put the nozzle to your eye ball and tell you what not to do Rip your tonsils out through your nostrils Bury you next to shark fossils Make it impossible to find you Depths that Jacque Cousteau himself wouldn't dare to dive to With goggles, oxygen bottles and Doppler effect modules Lock you in a time capsule, smash the console Shit on you in reverse and suck you in a brown hole Suck the power out of your soul You're nothin' but a coward in the cold freezer with a hour to go Watching my Casio stop watch, countin' it slow Like drug lords checkin' to see if it's Talcum or Coke I can kill you by drownin' the globe Or I can just spit inside of a hole and put an ounce in your throat In battles I'm a thousand to no, I silenced the Pope Do you know how many rhymes I've economically grossed? No? I thought so, neither do I It's a dick between your mother's thighs divided by pi I'm the sickest linguistically, illicit lyrical misfit in the business And probably in existence, what's your consensus? Study my own syntax statistics since '96 With CPA certified assistance I made a decision that my standards are above precision The only thing I can honestly say I love more than women Are dope writtens, if it ain't dope then don't spit it Don't be sensitive and get on the defensive Just practice your penmanship If you can't spit at high temperatures then just quit Be careful of the tongue it tends to bend to the left According to manufacture's specs you'll make a mess And rupture the blood vessels in your neck fuckin' with Rip Got millions of blueprints on zip disk Stock versions of sick verses that come with conversion kits In a course every Thursday that teaches you how to burst like Rip You never experienced work like this Nigga welcome to the serpentine world where I twist The world that I rip, the world that I fixed, the world where I live [Bis] Okay Rip you made your point, I can't out-rap you You said you was the illest, I would never doubt that too At the moment of truth I let you design the tattoos You are the illest alive, that's a fact that you proved Just a couple rappers don't want it to happen for you Raggin' on you like battlin' is all you can do You didn't sell enough units to be honest with you Nobody knows the truth; you got talent out the gazoo When niggaz first heard you it was like "Man on the Moon" You got dissed by a legend but you damaged him too So what if the ladies think he's more handsome than you What happens if the rumors about being a faggot are true? Look what it's runnin' into I don't feel like havin' this discussion with you I'm tired of fuckin' with you Niggaz in the game don't wanna do nothin' with you Bussin' with you, going one on one with who? They wanna get rid of you, shit is too lyrical Headhunters out to get you, that's why I had to protect you I wouldn't disrespect you as another intellectual Without you I'm unsuccessful, God bless you What makes you think I left you or why I'd ever be tempted to? Ever since my third album I've been mentionin' you I got your name on my arm, I'm representin' you You +Rip the Jacker+ I would never question you I respect your opinion as a professional nigga I just want you to listen to what I'm tellin' you What happened between L and you, forget it People know you won the battle; they will give you the credit A lot of people don't want to admit it But I consider it a real privilege To bear witness to your lyrics And be involved in sharing the merits, I'm forever indebted I just need you to chill for a second so I can send a positive message Like Tupac before he left us The author of the work ethic Genesis Has inspired me to write the Exodus scripts As a constant reminder not to forget Bis But I've reached a precipice Remember Rip, you can't rhyme forever There's always somebody with better shit I keep you out the public eye for a reason You're a commodity Rip, ain't that how you wanna keep it? I keep your whereabouts secret I bring bitches to the crib every weekend so why is you beefin'? [Rip] Ayo, stop patronizing me, you despise me All you wanna do is steal rhymes from me You constantly keep me behind walls of concrete Lock me in the basement like a fuckin' zombie If I was a priority, you'd acknowledge me You ain't shit neither; you ain't got no college degree You can't rhyme without me, stop smiling at me Give me the keys to the garage; I need to borrow the Jeep Get the fuck out my face nigga! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Canibus Album: MicClub Mixtape Master, Vol. 1 Song: Blakmilc Want Freedom Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Canibus] Hit the tune, shocked out, come but no further Blakmilc's the name, domination's the purpose And we don't give a fuck about rules, that's why we break 'em If the devil was a rebel then you'd know what I'm sayin Spokesman out in the open, pass the mic to me I look around I see a whole lot of kids like me If you could do one thing in this world, what would it be? Would you rather be shackled in chains or fight to be free? (I choose freedom!) When I wake up (when I wake up) and look around And wonder how (I wonder how) can I get out Get off to far (get off to far) beyond the gates I jump then run (I jump then run) but I get chased You can't escape (you can't escape) that's what they say But I got away (I got away) and made 'em pay For what they done (for what they done) to what I love Hip-Hop rhymes over erratic drums Blow your horns, here the cavalry comes Blakmilc motherfucker and we fight 'til the tragedy's done No matter where they be attackin me from My heart pumps pure gasoline, and my eyes shine like the sun Motherfuckers talk shit but they bums, I crush 'em like crumbs Scream at the top of my lungs, that's what they want This is Blakmilc baby, you never give up Livin it up, I'm rapid-fire tearin shit up, what? {*guitars and drums to end*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Canibus Album: MicClub Mixtape Master, Vol. 1 Song: Live Dublin Freestyle Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Canibus] I speak in frequencies dogs would have trouble hearin Canibus is the lyrical version of German engineerin Raw metaphors keep you high for months Fly around the earth twice without refuelin once Ain't too many categories I can fit in when it comes to spittin Cause I'm overqualified for the position The lazer-guided, lyrical hybrid Creatin scripts so sick, I gotta arm wrestle my pen to write it Don't get excited, cause if I ever catch one of you motherfuckers bitin We're gonna be fist fightin! So motherfuckers what'chu want? I got the shotgun pumped You feel like a frog nigga then jump I posess the lyrical ammo to battle And rip any one of you warm blooded mammals to shambles I make examples of you, eat a mouthful of your crew The type of MC you can't outdo I'll battle you on the net, I'll battle you in the flesh I'll battle you over the phone, you can call me collect I'll battle you over the... I'll battle you over a blank check I'll battle you with a gun to my neck I'll battle you standin over the toilet, with my dick out Battle you jugglin a hand grenade with the pin out In a stolen car with the VIN number ripped out Drinkin a Guinness Stout, doin a 360 spinout! {*loud cheers and applause*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Canibus Album: MicClub Mixtape Master, Vol. 1 Song: Accapella Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Canibus] Yeah, let's go... yo Aiyyo I put it to you so raw, you probably OD on the floor That's what you get for disagreein with God The LeBron James Bond, my aim with the arm is so long that I can tag along with SOCOM I spit to the beat, flip like Swizz did to the Beat At sunrise, I spit to the East Niggaz talk shit in the streets, when they 'bout to get released They ain't got no lip for the beast Make you strip like police, I point the heat From the hip to get leverage if you more than four deep Got a pistol grip hawk with a chrome beat, shit is so deep I check to make sure it's no leaks Lookin like Jada in a black Jig-ari Half Jag, half Ferrari, the valet saw me Shorty wanna know how the flesh work, what's under my sweatshirt That's why I hit the gym 'til my chest hurt Next year or summer I'ma kill the conjecture For now I'm just a hustler tryin to give you my best work The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Canibus Album: Hip-Hop for $ale Song: It's No Other Than Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Canibus] It's no other than... It's no other than... no other than Canibus on the mic It's no other than... no other than Canibus on the mic This gotta be the biggest track I ever touched in my life Like the club can't breathe cause I'm clutchin too tight You 'bout to see a live Canibus eruption tonight Thugs in black, the bitches in white I got the olive green marine fatigues on for sensitive light Took my time with the rhyme to build, I'm alive and well Got that seven figure dollar smell Take a chance baby, not Chanel She come check me at the telly in a minute with the longest L As soon as she got there, the plot got clear The bitch volunteered brains and she didn't stop there Hot and fierce, she was not prepared Pounded her upside down from the top of the stairs 'Til {?} started poppin the airs She thought it would last forever but I told her I was droppin this year C'mon [Chorus: Canibus] It's no other than... it's no other than... no other than Canibus on the mic Give me a (C, A, N, I, B, U, S) - c'mon! It's no other than... it's no other than... It it, it-it's no other than Give me a (C, A, N, I, B, U, S) - c'mon! [Canibus] I can't stay long, I'm on my way to the bank But while I'm here, I'd like to thank Canibus supporters, they knew the time Ask 'em, who's the nigga with the dopest rhymes? (Go 'Bis, go 'Bis) Yo bring it back one more time And ask 'em, who's the nigga with the dopest rhymes? (Go 'Bis) I bust/bus lines like public transportation The rhyme always on time when I say shit I give you far to go, murder the flow My voice travel like that smell when they burnin the 'dro On the tour bus they searchin the coach In the airport they searchin my coat, they say they searchin for dope "Legal Drug Money" stickers on the back of my bag The only artifact from my past that I still have I'm a brand new man, with a brand new plan Talkin to bitches new tannin in the Cancun sands [Canibus] I play the nine, you play the target Y'all all know my name, so I guess I just start this I'm so swift and that's a natural fact I'm like RIP, I mark a C on your back Yo, follow me into a, solo To get the flow.. that you can picture like a photo They say I'm shallow, I never learned to swim But they mention my name cause I got the urge to win Tell me who's your weed man, how you smoke so good You a superstar baby, why you still in the hood? Damn! I hate to brag but you know I'm good If a mic was a gun I'd be 'Bis Eastwood Bandagin MC's, oxygen they can't breathe Mad tricks up the sleeve Wear boxers so my dick can breathe, hip-hop is my drug I even got a mask and glove to bust slugs, one love [Chorus] - 1.5X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Canibus Album: Hip-Hop for $ale Song: Back Wit' Heat Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Canibus] (Yeah) The-the-the-yeah The rhyme weapon legend, that's what my niggaz yellin That's what they yellin YEAH... UH, YEAH (the-the-the-yeah) (The rhyme weapon legend, that's what my niggaz yellin) Yeah, niggaz just don't know, but I'ma let 'em know (They don't know 'Bis, they don't know 'Bis) How to flow how to (they don't know 'Bis) How to go how to, how to.. Yo if I cough in my fist when I opened my hand there'd be dope in my hand cause I spoke in my hand In the gym 'til I turn the two-pack, to a four 'Til the four got sore and had to make two more In a whole 'nother state of mind - Mexican standoffs Waste lives but they save time You know the danger, the ranger, pantyhose over Got basic scopes and lasers, my toaster is a widowmaker Good things come to those that wait BULLSHIT! Better things come to those that chase I sweep the streets with a fleet bigger than the Greeks 'Til we occupy your land like thiefs, we fin' to eat nigga [Chorus 2X: Canibus] I'm back for the music, back to do exclusives Back to change the view of hip-hop, from that bullshit Back to mash up beats to bang up your ave and streets Canibus nigga, back with heat (yo) [Canibus] Aiyyo, hot out the box with Nottz, shots just went off Nigga better check to see if you caught Shootouts between rap stars drivin fast cars through the hills of Madagascar, we can take it that far Screwface you niggaz; yo who's the real rudebwoy rude nigga? (Not you nigga) You got booed nigga My close quarter combat not bad Big niggaz drop dead when I stop they air You just a man, your relationship with oxygen's clear Canibus rockin with Nottz this year, yeah Motherfuckers, your back blast area clear Canibus rockin with Nottz this year, yeah - bring it [Canibus] Aiyyo a slug to the stomach make a thug move sluggish Crawlin in his bloodiness no matter how big the gun is If the fuzz is comin, blast shells by the tonnage 'Til there ain't nothin left but start runnin I got a message 'bout I got a court summons Everybody around me wants somethin, they all extort NUTTIN I was young, I was stupid, I was really too hype Cause I thought a microphone was really worth my life Go make a club banger, that's what they asked me to do You a DUMB NIGGA, who the fuck is askin you? I write a book for ya, Nottz write a hook for ya We can both split half of what we took from ya I'm just a 'round-the-way neighbor in your hood fella You wan' show love, let's break bud nigga We control the price of rap fuel I attacked you cause annual tax was do Four dollars a gallon, we gon' take it back to two Hip-Hop nigga, that's what we back to do For you.. for you.. (that's what we back to do) For you.. for you.. (that's what we back to do) [Outro] The-the-the-yeah The rhyme weapon legend, that's what my niggaz yellin.. The-the-the-yeah The rhyme weapon legend, that's what my niggaz yellin {*music fades*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Canibus Album: Hip-Hop for $ale Song: Benny Riley Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro] DJ's, cuttin up beats and stuff like that and That was my first exposure to the whole, artistry in hip-hop  There is nothing in this music, that I don't wanna hear  There is words, that are kind of syncopated and rhythmic  And there's this hot drum track, it's great! [Chorus: repeat 2X] "This is, this is great! This is, this is great!"  And I could hear, this enormous "This is, this is great! This is, this is great!"  This is music, I've been waiting all my life to hear [Canibus] Aiyyo! I don't give a fuck, if you gettin some cash or gettin some ass, if I was there I'd pick up the tab Talk to a rag, tell you to wipe your stinkin ass Get back to the lab, make sure hip-hop last Through death or dishonor, I do this cause I wanna Your body armor don't protect you from your karma I'm ready for the encounter like a titty bar bouncer Or Muhammad at the Mini-Mart counter with four-pounders Quick Draw McGraw spitter, let me see your hands jitter I'll hit'cha where the good Lord split'cha You faggot-ass niggaz are see-through I treat you like we in the same cell, but I'm Bugsy Siegel Smack your teeth loose, the street juice Go to court in cheap suits, givin testimony over beat loops Take 'em to my hood, show the evil I'm from They can't blame me for the evil I done, now they see where I run And why I keep a tight leash on the gun Why my speech is so revered by the young, cause my spirit is young A nigga spittin LIKE THAT, got SERIOUS LUNGS Yo I'm serious SON, he a FURIOUS ONE! [Canibus] Yo, the name Benny Riley, the trip took twenty-eight days from New York to Cali, drivin through alleys My mom mad at me, my dad laughs at me My life's a track meet, I need this record deal Precious, she got the freshest breast-es, and the ass from heaven 36-24-37 She the second broad I ever humped, under a bridge But she the first broad I ever fucked with in the record biz Desi told her I was crazy and she called the feds The bitch didn't know any better, I let her live She don't know Desi is a greasy fuckin pig And he's settin me up for somethin he knows I never did When I see him I'ma put the Smith & Wesson to his head To change his outlook on life Maybe I'd show him what it's like to be DEAD Like the way I look at lyrics, I kill it 'til they DEAD It's that vivid; got skills to kill the rap business Got bills to put a contract on the witness if he rat-snitchin You niggaz in the back, thinkin holds 'til your next actin role Get buried wit'cha cash and gold Acts that sold, family of Marlon Brando broke Shattered hopes, rappers choked, took it like a man though Benny Riley is the closest thing to Canibus yo Niggaz just don't be understandin his flow, until the hammer let go Grab the mic and cold damage the show Get split with bananas, flows of the Canibus blow [Outro] This is music, I've been waiting all my life to hear And I didn't know it The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Canibus Album: Hip-Hop for $ale Song: Show 'Em How Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Yeah {*echoes*} [Chorus: Canibus] They don't know what they fuckin with They don't know how you bust it 'Bis They don't know how you comin man They don't know how you done this shit Yo show 'em how a brother spit [over Chorus] The MC, with the N-O-T-T-Z, yeah! [Canibus] Aiyyo Canibus'll spark it for ya, Nottz'll paint the target for ya Mic Club'll launch it toward ya This is the beginning of the rest of my life Rippin the mic, and rippin it right, you listen you like You dislike you get disciplined with the pipe Muzzle flashes of light that says goodbye to life I'm anti-social but humble I blow a hole in you to get a hello from you! If that's what it come to A little camera shy, I play the background Turn the mic on, lock the cage, I attack crowds Y'all niggaz is just clones that rhyme From a bloodline that's closer to yours than mine You ignore the signs, but we all divine DJ's rewind, MC's distort the time Sharp enough to read your mind, I can hear your applause in silence You're fuckin with an awesome talent, yo [Chorus] - repeat 2X [Canibus] Yo, you gotta call this a comeback, I been here for years You should thank God for answerin your prayers The hip-hop hero, off of hip-hop skid row I rip a show for a beer and a smoke You know that hip-hop flow that got him clearin both coasts For that hip-hop show I appear as the host Used to be the type of MC they was scared to approach Nowadays I just share what I know, spare what I don't Might act like I care but I don't, see they want me to share It's only logical they fear what I wrote Forty-fives with broken handles go off like roman candles Ricochetin through your mans and you They so busy tryin to get an ambulance for you They ain't notice that a fan was hit too, plannin to sue They got a lot of anger for you Introduce you to the anger management crew, with Canibus too Switch places with the person that was bandagin you And start stranglin you, and keep stranglin you, yo [Canibus] Yo, they don't know how to double 'Bis They already woulda done the shit, Canibus the original thumbprint Five MC's, pick one quick He's usually on the thumb you lift Yo, y'all fuckin with an awesome talent I can't be silent, where's the balance? I'm on some Kanye shit, waitin for my "Spaceship" Exercisin patience, grindin for this paper The universal language is love, not hatred Sex money and drugs, destroy your foundation That's what I would say, if I had to make a statement But sex money and drugs, built this proud nation! Salvation without authentication, false pagans Bought lawmakers to orchestrate how the law changes We the new breed of firebreathers, inspire speeches Got fans fightin in bleachers, they can't keep quiet neither I wanna team up with the best there is Bless the mic and address what is, impress the kids The deep life I live is shallow to sheep 'Til I show a couple scars, let the experience speak, yo [Chorus] - repeat 2X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Canibus Album: Hip-Hop for $ale Song: Dear Academy Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [sampled song "The Awful Truth" by Carole King] Dear Academy, take note! I should get, the Oscar vote If I don't, I'll bite your throat! Signing off now, quote unquote [Canibus] Yo, nominated for being underrated; we made a name for ourselves but I guess Common was the only one that made it I clapped when he won his award Him and Black Eyed Peas and them, we was on the same tour And DMX too, you my dawg for life (rrrrrrrrr) I feel for you, I wanna see you get yours tonight Mos Def you on the screen now, followin your dreams now Me you and Spike Lee used to sit and freestyle I said two words, they both got bleeped out If you ever need me again, just reach out I got poseurs that belong on posters Pour out all my emotions and double what the gross is Everybody in the box office know the flow sick I wanna thank Nottz, the producer that chose 'Bis Motherfuckers! [acceptance speech] I wanna thank my mother, I wanna thank my brother For makin the film, cause all the support was very important From the beginning I got fans and, y'know cult members That never let me down from day one - I'm just inebriated to be here I wanna thank you all [Canibus] Yo, I don't wanna bite nobody's throat, I just want smoke Yo pass the 'dro nigga; yo, I can't believe I'm sittin with Don Cheadle, Denzel and Russell Crowe man Dave Chappelle yo I really liked your show man Ice Cube, yo he in the next room man D12, me and them struck a pose man! {shhh, shhh be quiet} With Slim Shady, yo this must be a omen! {shhhhhhhh shut up} I think I'm 'bout to go platinum, I'M EXPLODIN! {shhh you're too loud} I'm a fool man, what I'm 'sposed to do man Red & Meth, "How High Part II" man Bokeem Woodbine bump me in his hood all the time I wanna say peace, I'm a fan of yours brah I seen Hov' on a hundred foot boat At the Cannes Film Festival with Sophie and Cope' And Scarlett Johansson, she was with her man friend "Lost in Translation," number one smash hit (And now, introducing, Can-I-BUSSSSSS!) Yo, I'm in the game now, I ran "8 Miles" I ain't the same old nigga with the same style The lifestyle of Jermaine is my brainchild Jermaine's really like the black John Wayne (WOW) Or James Caan, negotiatin some rhymes for the Don I ain't seen my niggaz in so long (so long) We did a short film, "4,3,2,1" It was hot back then when it was new, but I did this other film, "Gone Til November" Me and Wyclef was in the trenches together I did a big movie with him, he put me on soundtracks Back then, I didn't understand the music business Every agent found it hard to find me In the backwoods of Holly, rehearsin my hobby Shoutout to R.O.C. and State Property I was inside the beast, shoutout to DMP, peace [shoutouts] Killa Khan, Sha, Black & Deco, my nigga Star Nottz, what? Yeah Throw shots, spread out your face like Botox Nigga what? The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Canibus f/ DMP Album: Hip-Hop for $ale Song: I Gotcha' Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro] I gotcha! Uh-huh, huh! You thought I didn't see ya now didn't ya? Uh Uh-huh, huh! You tried to sneak by me now didn't ya? Hehehe Uh-huh, huh! Now gimme what'cha promised me GIVE IT HERE, C'MON! [Canibus] Yeah, yeah Yeah, uh, you know it's all terrific Know it's... yo [Open/Close] I just wanna see you pump yo' fists I don't wanna hear y'all talk no shit I just wanna get on stage and show the gift Show the gift... [Chorus One] I'm the type of nigga that'll click-click ride wit'cha The type of nigga that'll smoke that lah wit'cha The type of nigga that'll bust that nine at'cha Spit that line at'cha, hit that fi-i-yah [Canibus] Yo, aiyyo whattup, God? No love? Odd You can't sell crack on the block no more Cause I pulled up, parked, rolled up, sparked Dogs barked, OH SHIT! NARC's I Jackie Chan up the wall and sit in the dark Or go runnin for a jog while I spit in the park My jigsaw still hard, the metaphors remain sharp Give you sharp pains through your brain up your slang box Me and you in the sandbox, with our hands locked Get the same shit your man with the broken hand got I bang glock, I been hot Cocked back Mai Ling from Bangkok {??} Mind grow, but the fat-ass can sit up front Your broad that look like trash can sit in the trunk I'ma fuck 'til I break off chunks Break off a big chunk of skunk and take off with a blunt Hit the studio, sometimes I work all day Still change my voicebox oil every 3K Step to the stage, throw a sign to the DJ Everybody screamin out - do what the weed say! [Chorus One] [Chorus Two] The type of nigga that'll set up shop wit'cha The type of nigga that'll pace the block wit'cha The type of nigga that'll pass the block to ya Stash the rock for ya, nigga I gotcha [DMP] (This is!) The ghetto-ass shit for you baby The hood love it, so I gotta give it to 'em daily I'm on the block, like Olajuwon and Ewing I'm a pimp bitch, by the way, how ya momma doin? Like Rakim Allah, I'm a "Microphone Fiend" The fuckin "Last Dragon" like Leroy Green That Mausberg kicks, rearrange your spleen Now you on part of the Handicapped, Olympic Team I got a, deadly disease without a vaccine It's called {"Get the fuck outta my face before I let this Eagle scream!"} You runnin game, all I'm sayin is where your fuckin team? This that dope, somebody {??} and let the lyrics fiend I'm livin dreams from a stroke of the pen to get the cream You garbage, I turn the channel when you come on the screen Flow so pure, cause I'm fuckin with raw Suited up, booted up, and I'm ready for war Yo 'Bis, let's get it live, grab the tec-9, what else? [Canibus] The glock 9, and the double-axle forty-five Bend your mental from the beginning to the end It's connected to the beginning like infinity symbols I keep it simple, don't wanna offend you Cause niggaz don't understand what they ain't in to (Misunderstandin, is still a form of understandin) But y'all niggaz don't hear me though [Chorus One] + [Chorus Two] [Open/Close] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Canibus f/ Juli Ecaro * Album: Hip-Hop for $ale Song: So Into You Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash * Juli Ecaro harmonizes throughout Chorus, no actual verses performed This for you girl, you know I love you Baby [Chorus 2X: Canibus] I'm so into you I wanna do so many things to you I can't talk without mentionin you And let me tell you what I think of you [Canibus] Yeah, my name is, none of your business, let me tell you why I love her She hot when she in front but she stand behind a brother She wiggle, her booty jiggle, my finger spreads her middle a little Let me see what I might wanna get into I always empower her, tell her that I'm proud of her Show her I don't wanna make no housewife outta her Sprinkle her with compliments, but I never shower her That's the last thing I would do, cause I value love She give me ounces of love, let me bounce the bum And when she call my name, I come/cum If I front she raise up, we fuss fight and break up Then wake up in the Bahamas after we done made up She know my psychological make-up I'm therapeutic with the broad, we keep it raw when we make love And can't nothin change the trust we have Wherever we are, we think about the moments and laugh, because [Canibus] When I was on tour, I held the elevator for this broad in the lobby Seen her later on in the bar, she sat beside me Said the guy at the front desk recognized me And told her all about me... She said I heard you're a rapper, career in the crapper I know you want some ass, you probably won't give no cash up You should fill my glass up, tell me 'bout your bad luck And if I feel sorry enough, I'll give you the sad fuck I had to laugh, put my hand on my gut I told her I'd let her have the next grand that I touched Walked back to the elevator with my hand on her butt To the bed with the camera in front (MONEY SHOT) cut! I hopped up and blazed one Yo the room and tax is paid hun, stay as long as you want I'll be back in a hour, she said that's what they all say I know ma, I've been sayin that all day [Canibus] The valet don't remember nothin, he didn't leave the engine runnin I jump in, don't bless him with nothin Call up this other ma, she remember I'm comin I told her I'ma cook, but I'ma just pick up somethin The fireplace runnin, she layin on her stomach Nasty english all in her muffin, she love it She giggle, her booty jiggle, my finger spreads her middle a little Let me see what I'ma get into again I told her I don't really like to come through her block Cause the blueberry drop attract too many cops Girls hop in the drop, take off they top, my belt buckle pop They know that I'm hot, can't tell me I'm not They surrounded the car, six cops I was holdin up traffic for six blocks, they put me in the shitbox Look at you now, I can't even come through your spot And it's messin with my mind, cause I loved you a lot The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Canibus Album: Hip-Hop for $ale Song: Da' Facelift Typed by: peterg4life@hotmail.com [Canibus] You want a facelift? This what it take 'Bis A beat that'll make a nigga think an earthquake hit The blue collar rapper, enigmatic, democratic Rap-saavy fanatic that can smash any matchup High with a roach, bring wealth and goggles to my show My flow glow brighter than any diamond that you know I walk among you, draw energy from you The art of Sun-Tzu, he used to bust too I'm like a Shaolin monk on crunk Holdin himself up with his thumb on the stump Get a Hummer for the summer to stunt And just sit in the front, while my lungs become one with the blunt Futuristic old schooler, look like JFK Jr When I shoot up, Jacob the jeweler with a new cut Can-I-bus, I ain't got what I want yet How would you expect one of the best, what I can't get no, grab the mic, niggaz lets go Tell me who got the best flow, end up with less dough Open your vest, let your chest show I'ma open your chest, let your breath go With a thirty-eight special Keep it on the low, don't let the press know Behind the scenes, they put me on death row and won't let go Brace yourself while I break the chains My beats bang so hard, they erase the blame [Chorus] 4x This is full battle rattle, attack you Salute while I smash you, Can-I-bus bus to blast you 4X [Canibus] The hudred bar monster, spit without hawkin up Smash your whole roster, fuck what it cost ya Fuck what it cost me, join the army Smoke Bob Marley, the sergent major honorably discharge me From my sentimiliar and my hemping sence Inspiration, why is it only worth ten percent Another day in the life of Mr. Can-I-bus MY life too rought for me not to recognize lust The soldier's back to blow a fuckin hole through rap I wish they'd let me out the cage and stop holding me back You might say the only thing holdin me back is myself It ain't hard to tell what's holdin me back is my cells I don't make records for girls, I spit for the pearl But i'm an artist in an ignimant world, world World class athlete, trained to attack beats Mixtape smash the streets, try to patch the leaks Niggaz try to battle me but lose They got limited views, I remember when I was primitive too I'd sit and talk with the inqusitive youth 'Cause I be spittin the truth sometimes I ask 'em, what you listenin to Lyrical fitness is the proof, let me put you in the booth Nottz'll play the beat loop Let me see what you could do The older advise the younger when they recognize the hunger I do a couple raps with the mic to get pumped up Monkey bar sit-ups, blood rush to my head I write rhymes upside down with an astronaut pen Spit a hot sixteen and my ten, take it up a notch, then Lost everything when I'm locked in You in the kill zone, boxed in Tried to play jump-rope With skeets on and got dropped when you hopped in The last mohican, smoke you in the first season You don't speak it but it's no secret Peep it, you light weight like rice cakes Anybody under twenty-one to touch the microphone is mic bait Hungry niggaz start to get type faced, that's when the fight breaks A sixty second rhyme is a nice pace Work a nigga out 'til he spit out white paste Tell him he could hide the proof on his face with night shades You looking for a battle, you came to the right place This is Mic Club and over here I'm the mic ace [Chorus] 4X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Canibus Album: Hip-Hop for $ale Song: Hip-Hop Body Rock Typed by: peterg4life@hotmail.com (chorus) Hip-hop do that body-rock Jam on and keep smokin Hip-hop do that body rock I've been gone for a while but I'm still in style (2x) (Canibus) Yea, come on now get on down Can-I-Bus, back with the hip-hop sound Twenty years deep in this culture, compulsive Every day, this was the dream that I wrote with Outside chillin, b-boys spinnin Pretending not to notice the supreme choice women I rep the rude boy, not the dread posse I a bugsy ride with zombies behind me Turns the lighs up, pick the mic up Get 'em hyped up lookin for the right cut I don't write much, but I love to bust At the crowd 'cause they love the rush The mark is on my arm, was drawn To symbolize the art of hip-hop in its rawest form We could take it to the stage like we goin to war Both fallin through the crowd, we perform on tour Come correct with the rhyme, they remember the flow I was "Gone Til November" six Decembers ago (chorus) 2X (Canibus) Every day is a piece of enernity to weed control That's why rap music feeds the soul DJ drop needle, I shock people There's mic doc in the house and he's not legal Canibis just entered the building yo If you lookin for the illest, start filming yo I get a call, slide to Diego Hit the bay off with something less than a day old Here's a hot one for you to hold The super MC, Superbowl, winner takes all The Fahrenheit, nine eleven, rhyme weapon The underground give me credit when I'm sound checkin I feel like it's now or never, the rhyme state clever When the wisdom teeth grind together *Go to sleep* I cant go to sleep unless I write something *Then stay awake* I can't stay awake unless I recite something I can't recite something without tight substance When I bust and I leave mothafuckin mics busted (chorus) 2X *20 seconds of beat playin* The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Canibus Album: Hip-Hop for $ale Song: Take 'Dat Typed by: junooni_@hotmail.com Fake niggaz get rejected auditionin for heart They auditionin for the wrong part Nigga you ain't from the hood you got the wrong one You all soft with no thought all talk You in the wrong sport In a golf cart talkin bout you hardcore With that bullshit 22 you bought from Wal-Mart My gat bark, bite you like a shark Right in the heart like a mosquito bite in the dark You got bit you massage it, I'ma lighten your pockets Make a withdrawal and take your deposits to split profit My sawed-off blow arms off Insurance don't cover what a prosthetic skull cost It's your loss; Motherfuckers keep your ears to the streets Cuz if you raise up get hit in the head with the heat If you dead you can't eat so don't be a fool and Try to protect your jewels cuz they can't protect you [Chorus] (2x) Yea, pull out the heat them cats will get back Then shut your mouth niggaz'll get clapped Oh, you still off runnin' your trap Well nigga take 'dat, nigga take 'dat Uh, murderous mind state is a given Master of self but a slave to the rhythm My wolves like dogs say sick 'em man get 'em My slugs heat seekin if I spit 'em I'ma hit 'em I'm a marksman spend my free time at the range Just incase I gotta put one up in your brain Sit your five dollar ass down before I lay change I don't believe y'all niggaz, y'all niggaz been lames One spit flames call a fireman Sendin these weak motherfuckers to the ? Sixteens hit like the bird flu and my word true I could dial seven digits and get you hurt dude Remember, A-1 remarkable rhymin Prozac washed down with Grey Goose and lime and Niggaz do what I say like Simon If I got the iron, hands in the air I ain't lyin' [Chorus] (2x) Yea, pull out the heat them cats will get back Then shut your mouth niggaz'll get clapped Oh, you still off runnin' your trap Well nigga take 'dat, nigga take 'dat The street lights illuminates the crooked runway Leadin' us from the one way Toward a narrow path of 40 odors and gun play Tryina stay away from the crosshairs when the gun spray The air will dry your body like salt tears in the sun's rays Sorta like we raisin or paper chasin with ? Stayin on a case do a number like 40-1k Thought of pushin rock like McGrady across the half court Dribblin the crack while on the post with the black torch Dumpin off jump shots stackin' up for the black Porsche Law enforcement officers flash badges like passports Actin' like we free when we actually being trapped off My rap keep you runnin' like athletes on a track course Ridin' with the mac like we saddled up on a black horse It's like they tryna shackle the very root of my black thought Flossin on a broad day ballin out in the off ray Chevrolet Suburban gold ? chuckas it's all suede [Chorus] (4x) Yea, pull out the heat them cats will get back Then shut your mouth niggaz'll get clapped Oh, you still off runnin' your trap Well nigga take 'dat, nigga take 'dat The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Canibus f/ Hamza Album: Hip-Hop for $ale Song: Punch Lines Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Hamza] Canibus, Hamza! Follow us into a new era Where lyrical content is a MUST! [Chorus: Hamza] We cut microphones like, gangsters holdin chrome Like, Toto you far from home Like, words spoken wrong will never help you reach excellence Stop bitin like you got a speech impediment When will you learn? Whack lyrics and a hot beat makes your song irrelevant This is not a movie I'm a poet so it takes more than punchlines to move me [Canibus] Can-I-Bus, your favorite rap star on ice What I talk on the mic make them call on Christ As far as the eye can see, gaze out into the wide sea Look for the island, the island is me I heard Fat Joe said, I was over in Iraq He said I was a soldier in lyrical combat Other people slandered my name but I dodged that They don't see the missing pieces my thesis provides rap Under the influence, bang 'Bis music in a Bonneville Buick I see your face, I'ma crash into it Lyrically I kick ass, if you don't wanna know don't ask I might do it pro bono for no cash The two-handed choke from the hope turn your brain and skull to sand and salt, sprinkle you on the floor I didn't wanna rap like that, but I had to Cause that's what my master would do if he was asked to The perfect music machine, mechanical being The most lyrical digital streams the world has ever seen I did, I do, I does, I am, I will be, I was The same nigga you love [Canibus] Yo, I hope they film this shit, cause I'm 'bout to blaze you And get it on tape too, I'm 'bout to Kay Slay you Somebody gon' grab you - try to escape Hold you down while I perform {?} on your face Why you sound like that, why you tear the mic down like that Why you sound so intense when you rap The airborne attack you can't call off Breathe exhaust like a horse or a supercharged Mustang Ford Drugs rain from the sky, it's like the angels want me to die They push me harder cause they want me to try A pitbull off the leash, barkin speech Like a bull in the pit, liftin you off your feet I feel like the world's mine, I can park in the streets Kick the world's illest rhyme, police officers weak People layin on the concrete, exhausted from heat Watchin John Kerry spit over the mic with more beats This is a little somethin that my repertoire boast I almost, was in control of all coasts... [Canibus] I get advanced rhymes to quote, they all dope Tote a lyrical landslide, give me all votes But I can be as quiet as they want me to be Cause even though they say my name, they ain't talkin to me They talk to magazines, they talk to MTV They up on 106 on BET talkin to Free Big niggaz actin tough, but they walk like they ankles is cuffed Who gives a FUCK if your ankles is buff I can ar-ticulate, I wanna participate But they tryin to hold me back, a black ball number eight I pick the microphone up and spark the debate Ever since ninety-eight I been a target for hate Jesus Christ! My name should be He-Bus Mic Even when I rip the shit, fans leave uptight But I don't know if I'm right no more But I don't know if I'm right no more {*shotgun blast*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Canibus Album: For Whom the Beat Tolls Song: For Whom the Beat Tolls Typed by: DaSun Akbar [Sample: from "Dagon" by H. P. Lovecraft] "I am writing under appreciable strain Since by tonight I should be no more" *Casting spell* [Canibus] Yo, my hands are dirty 'cause I shook yours Yea, you tried to curse me 'cause I took yours But where?, somewhere, nowhere near I walk where no man dares So the world could share one man's fair My cares are your cares Your tears are my tears When you talk to God, I eavesdrop on your prayers I eavesdrop on your prayers The industry could not stop my career Fuck your record sales, where's your skills at? You gotta million fans, but you're still wack I can't feel that, what they've been exposed to is not real rap Real rap is like chemical crack I'm drippin' by my addiction is stealin' and bring it back I prove it on every single track; I prove it on every single track This is real Hip-Hop before it became rap Do these magazines mention that? NO! Does radio pay attention to that? NO! Do they thank us for representin' that? No! You think I let 'em get away with that? NO! They just use us, abuse us Stupid fuckin' reality shows do not amuse us But they don't give two fucks; I said they don't give two fucks Now it's all up to you, buts... *Church bell sounds* The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Canibus Album: For Whom the Beat Tolls Song: Harbinger of Light Typed by: DaSun Akbar [Intro] Yea, the life of the world Let me share somethin' witchu What does not die that'll eternally thrives the free minds That's who you know you're alive [Canibus] I was spiritual first She cut my umbilical at the physical birth And welcomed me to miserable Earth Why does it hurt? She layed me on my back under the dirt Cover my girth with a dirty shirt What could be worst? She said - "God bless the dead but they got at easy" The livin' get left behind but still can't live their life completely Tough luck, right before I was about to give up I passed out emotionally bankrupt In the dead vegetation it was dark brown red like menstruation I couldn't eat it despite the temptation I was hungry and impatient My hands were shakin', I stopped payment They botched my face in operation Nip and Tuck, livin' it up DAMN! "Why you still spittin' 'Bus?" "'Cause you don't listen to my lyrics enough" At night from a satellite view the city's a heart The red and white blood cells are the lights on cars From that distance look down and observe my lyrics The atmospheres of organism we apparently living Since the beginning, The Law of Three, The Law of Seven On question, the principle of scale or heaven Law One thru Forty Eight Law Forty Nine is the loophole I use to escape Buy the album; get a $50 dollar rebate, before it's too late 2012 is the bill due date Before that, it's 2008, I know you can't relate Just by the confuse look on your face, you can't wait It won't be much longer now Solar activity is gettin' stronger now Al Gore was the Person of the Year, maybe more Maybe I should be for my 400 bar song Now I'm against the wall drinkin' alcohol at Taj Mahal Without balance I am bound to fall To chemicals are color coded I highly encourage you not to smoke it It makes you more curious, don't it? Mass the throttle; crash it into your arch-rival Tryin' to out drive you, every mili second is vital Repsol motorcycles, psycho, breathe nitro Brain cells glow with a light dose SO!, I could Tokyo Drift with no Coke to sniff I shift from 6th to 5th, I broke the shit The gearbox slipped, red Marlboro's for hot lips Order drinks, fire water type, toxic shit Now I got you in the kill box, BITCH! On 6, 5, 4, 3, I got this, 2, 1, 0, the shot hit The unsung hero on some Hip-Hop shit And I dare you to tell me to not spit I evolve from clay and statue, from statue to flesh From flesh to dirt, from dirt to death Beyond that whatever life is left we gotta live it 'til the end Hip-Hop is eternal my friend, we are the life The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Canibus Album: For Whom the Beat Tolls Song: Poet Laureate Infinity V003 Typed by: DaSun Akbar [Sample] "Cycles of time; it is ubiquitous it goes all over the place It's ancient, it's one of the most ancient symbols there are And this is an interpretation of what that actually means" [Canibus] This is never been done before with a rhyme outside the realm of time It's the first of its kind POET LAUREATE INFINITY!!! I WILL FOREVER BE THE ILLEST LYRICALLY!!! Nobody do it better, there ain't a truer Ripper I did this separate imagine what we could do together Inspired by GOD, inspired by the sufferin' Was it done by a prophet? - it must of been Who was it then? +Rip the Jacker+ Hot but cold blooded, many utter the name but very few love him Other emcees be nervous or somethin' Rhymes in abundance, Hip-Hop Justice Rappers are captured and punished The Polar Manitoba's melted by lava A team of ER doctors climbed aboard the chopper My skull is a submarine hull I empty the ballast tanks I could smell the shit from the sea gulls My mind dives deep beneath yours Poseidon Trident Seahorse bubbles form I scream with extreme force Marinari's Trench detour to Ultima Thule Let me explain what my sonar saw This is the greatest rhyme of all time supposedly Through a term I'd like to call "Pulse Detonation Poetry" Industrialists, civilians women and children directly Military chiefs, aristocrats in buildings Membership is based off your raw intelligence 400 screen video editing with hard evidence Imagine being fined over a rhyme for steppin' over the line? When I inspired Hova and Nas Recite 33 3's 33 times For 24 hours, 21 thousand Nautical miles Don't be upset with Canibus yet, the kids just want respect You been a success but what do he get? Devine design, a miracle of Metallurgy Every clergy member from Mecca who heard of me worshipped me I got away nervously, talked about it purposefully Next time I see it, it's gonna have a word with me The Biological Chemical emergency I purchase the beat; I resumed PsyOps on the enemy Mix the blood so it don't coagulate The sex magic won't work if the bitch masturbates Nobody can hold me back, my flow bloviates into a spiritual shape A capsule in Space, no emcee could rhyme like this, there's no challenge His Poet Laureate should pontificates balance Telencephalon olfactory lobes I had to practice When a woman has her period I smell it on the mattress Advanced Step In Innovative Mobility Most emcees try to clone me lyrically They can't battle me so they'd rather embarrass me But I need a volunteer, do I have any? The NASA contractor with a satchel of answers I passed up the Nobel Peace Prize for my passion Most of you will never understand what I mean My dreams are broken into storyboard scenes Kill you with green Lasers, evaporated weed vapour Electromagnetic Scalar then somethin' they call a Maser "That is not dead which can eternally lie And with strange aeons even death may die" The leaders lies got me reassigned, my loyalty was redefined They will not be allowed to see the rhymes In a town near Kadam and Kakrak Jalalabad I pray in a hut constructed from Sago Palm I'ma take you for a walk thru a beautiful place called Honey Swamp We'll shoot hoops at Mosquito Lagoon Park Emotion manifest Thought Thought manifest Words Actions and Reality That's how it has to be The overseer of poetic antiquities Victoria and Albert Museum kept them for me Inject the gas into the centrifuge mass The Teleological Dynamic will enhance I remove the veil from in front of me Suddenly, truly, there is too much to see The Law of Attraction is attracted to me The Laws of Poetry in action is practiced quite actively My body did not melt beyond the Van Allen Belt I was transformed into a spirit with no shell I'm modifying the weather from behind a weather shield Writing with a feathered quill, gettin' more ill I hope I am not alone, that would be terrible If I am celebrating and that'd be a miracle At least for my interconnected introspective perspective The more pretentious, the more apprehensive the sentence Hip-Hop made me, Hip-Hop praise me Ain't nothin' changed me since 1980 Involuntary catalepsy, BATTLE ME BABY!!! 1000 BARS NIGGA!!!, Zero Vector System Brain waves reveal High Yield E&D Fields Chew emcees like I'm eatin' a meal Normal life is not real; we are just cogs in a wheel We work, we hurt, we search, we feel The microphonist that utilizes the study of Conics Circular motion in both the Para and the hyperbolas Mad Max beyond Thunderdome under Red Rock It's no use if you can't use what you got Do, Re, Mi, Fa, Sol, La, Si-Do These are the tones that will activate your ohms Who have lost their faith, who have lost their hope Who have lost their point, who have lost their own Are you food for the moon? The potion is you Just in case you try to poison my food but I want you to Rap music and those who listen to it don't owe me nothin' I don't want nothin' from you, not even your judgement I ride on a flatbed chariot, four Ostriches carry it I control their movements with lariats Polygraphs flutter, the Love Craft, Craft Lover I don't want it, that's why I'm rarely seen in public If I were you I wouldn't waste time readin' rubbish I don't care what you say nigga, you're a nigga lover The relative radiance of the rhyme makes it shine Increase the star wattage with longer cycle time How's my driving? Run you off the road smiling 1-800 Road Rage, Start dialing Don't care if I make history, I wanna be a part of INFINITY Look at what your SUN GOD did to me I submit to the will of the creator willingly The possibilities present a probable infinity I climbed the slope shaped like a stop sign in record clock time Hot Lava lock rhymes, rock slide topside At the Observatory summit of Mount Graham Lookin' through the starlight scope in my hand Creative writing and rhythm, grammar and composition Don't ignore me, ignore the fool who tell you don't listen Strivin' my principle findings by designing a new style of rhyming That you could take home and try out A 100 Bars per hour, sometimes I doubled the writing Secret signature time equals the hardest part to figure out Poetically Paralyzing, Where Are You? Are you hiding? No! I am Sandbag diving? From the Kinetic to the Energetic St. Germaine was made to explain the lesson with a 1000 bar message Straight out the freak show no pre show Limited oxygen when I rhyme fast you breathe slow The Pope shook; they ransacked Rome and burnt books I ran back home to hide mine in the woods MOSES is a new weapon system secret code CONUS is the continent of the US, I suppose I don't have all the answers I am not in the know I can only see what is above and only from below Substratum of reality through the thick cloud canopy How can it be Canibus? Answer me! My shelter is not far, you can borrow what you need The bunker doors sequestered beneath the tall tumble trees Gold chords from the organ cut down your swordsman Tell everybody to SHUT THE FUCK UP when I'm talkin' From a very cold place called Faraday Base Right next to the South Poles longest Ice Strait My dream was identical seven nights in a row I saw a sideways 8 wrapped around a microphone Extraterrestrial Isotopic ratios A broke Scientist in his Lab with no place to go Fire and Ash fallout, that's what it's all about We must construct a shelter then build a wall around it Geography is conducive to Astronomy And the study of celestial bodies, biopsy My austere designs are so ahead of their time Even when you press rewind you're still left behind I blasted thru the limestone with water, mixed with a dissolver Then I signaled the remaining cave crawlers Dig a hole for the collateral carnage, battle the hardest Take out Hip-Hop trash and garbage On the Sabbath I write preplanning for the Planet Drawin' mechanics, suspended in space as holographic The Quarantine Isolation Unit is where I house it My team and I salvage the work of Dr. Fritz Albert Hip-Hop is blackened pot placed next to a kettle With my logo in it, a rigid rehomogenized metal Greetings and Salutations, my equations are inundated with information Electro Cranial Stimulation Password please? Have patience, verification I repeat, "What's Your Character String Verification?" Battle rap is just aimless entertainment +2nd round K.O.+ was one of they favourites, fuck all the haters Responsibility entrusted There's only one way for me to prove that I love it That's why I'm bustin' I turned the page, wrote a turn of phrase, Verbal X-Rays, they say "I don't burn I blaze" Attach the piezoelectric transducer to your computer Poet Laureate is the future!!! Next time we meet this whole song will be a new mix For all the Rippers out there who need a new fix With these lyrics, I consecrate the spirit Whenever I spit it, concentrate you could hear it I've almost perfected this I'm one word away from excellence Cyclotronic Resonance, patents are pendin' it Can-I-Bus a/k/a "The Spitzberg Beast" Gave his Bicentennial Speech on Emerald Peak What are you building Bis? Is it a flyin' Silver Disk? GW I'm positive it's him I proof read my writtens, eat a chicken with the skin missin' in 10 minutes Now that's some shit! You think that's fast? Nah That's faster than you think, by the time you blink, the whole Universe  shrinks We'll observe the Gods, my thoughts graduated to the Stars to infinity Listen to the bars, thick rhymes compartmentalized Seperatized to prevent bootleg pirates gives me energy when I'm tired I'm hooked on Hip-Hop, I can't live without it You can mix this song a thousand ways I don't doubt it Several million years into the past The primitive future in a world without oil and gas Gather the evidence then give it to the President Don't reprimand him, ask him for help next I hold Hip-Hop responsible Every magazine writer that wrote bullshit in his article Always remember I'll be gone forever I made these bars so you could all remember The rhymes in my mind when I autograph sign I can't wait to sign an autograph for the last time The ungrateful dead reoccurring images playin' in my head Every color in America bled Canibus grabbed the mic like an energized amulet Then spit a rap that you can't forget "With this sacred water -- I consecrate this Talisman so that it will make me POET LAUREATE" This is a no brainer, stop the complainin' If Hip-Hop was dead I came here to save it Classified payloads, no frequency safe modes, no safety And I still made time for the ladies No corruption, no disruption, no destruction, no budget, no nothin' It's never that easy you just gotta trust it The spin off from the Press should be able to feed you But I declined, 'cause I'm familiar what greed can do I sit down and think, when I write I can smell the ink It's the dark skinned Lizard King Metronome Man will never take commands from the drum The beat is my slave and it will behave as I want I heard Hip-Hop was dead, that's not fair Who I talk to? "Go he there, Nasir" YEA, POET LAUREATE INFINITY!!! I WILL FOREVER BE THE ILLEST LYRICALLY!!! POET LAUREATE INFINITY!!! POET LAUREATE INFINITY!!! POET LAUREATE INFINITY!!! THIS NEVER BEEN DONE BEFORE IN HISTORY!!! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Canibus f/ Killah Priest, Sun Album: For Whom the Beat Tolls Song: Liquid Wordz Typed by: DaSun Akbar [Sample] It's very difficult to know if... Northerners are puppets, or... They are innocent, or... They are the masterminds [Canibus] These are +Liquid Wordz Yo, I come through on cold steel on back of the snowmobile I just came back from shogun hill Make you kneel, face the wall Shoot you in the back of the head with some paint balls 'Til your brains are gon' Attack dawg, attack man, only respond to German commands Completely bite off the burglar's hands Triangular death, that's where I purchased the land Built the ranch, strude deep into the Earth through the sand Send the clergy emissary to the cemetery You requested to be buried, with your bones to carry I'm blood sample savvy, I name your first clone Jerry Your second clone Harry, and your third clone after me The fourth clone could battle him after he battles me But your the fifth clone can only be used to tattle me This is called microphone savagery +Press Play+, I attack the beat, you'll tap out or tap to leap But we do not have to beef, before the Greeks captured Crete I was known as the master of the beat Sidonian MC speak, rudimentary speech I released the Canaanite beast and sent 'em to the East To walk through the streets sharin' thoughts about God and my beliefs +Heavy Mental+ it was authored by the Priest We were tortured by the palm trees in the Palm Sunday breeze It was 0 0 1 A.D. [Sun] Yo, it's been a long time comin', but I'm finally here Solidify my spot and I ain't gon' nowhere (C'mon) 'Cause Ripper Mics been only 'vice So I return like Christ, to resurrect the art of spittin' nice The true and livin' it, physical form Grab the mic and I - spit up a storm Tracks get beasted, MC's get eaten I blast paragraph from rough draft - the thesis With strong facial features, lip and gap teeth's I see through your feces like telekinesis Build with Killah Priest in the chamber of Gizas Special Ops Hip-Hop get chopped in pieces Zero degree Celsius liquid will freeze But at any temperature, settle melt MC's That's why Canibus handed me the scrolls for infinity What he actually gave me was the moment of clarity It's complex simplicity, self-contradictory Philosophical speak about the God and men mystery 'Cause we've been fooled by religion and history 'Cause the path to eternity, starts eternally Accordin' to the Sun God, the time is at hand For me to reveal the man, exactly who +I Am...+ I'm the apostles, we writin' The Bible and Ebonics I'm Elijah Muhammad that'll sell chronic Martin Luther with a German Lugar I'm Malcolm X on your project steps bustin' a tec Gandhi with a MPC, who MC madd nice I'm Christ in his cipher shootin' dice [Killah Priest] Inside my mind is bad weather So when I brainstorm it'll rain strong To Hurricane's swarm in a form of paragraph Start from the corner of the pages in my pad And nothin' could withstand the rhyme, when it rages in its path But I don't brainwash my listeners My lyrics give 'em a bath, without bars or soap These are bars of quote, that'll take you so far you'll choke What I have is like Lightening in a bottle Deep as the writin' of Aristotle Like Picasso but it's a novel Spittin' in bars and flows, Priest the dark Dragon King Spittin' graphic scenes, my .16 should be seen on plasma screen My black wings are The Lord of the Rings While my sword is bathin' and y'all scream Swallowed your flesh to his metal intestine If he's so much, on your rebels that became congested And gnarls on modes, snarls at thrones, carve out domes Somewhere in a giant stone King where the interest is big enough To accommodate a Pterodactyl in flight Priest sit and the Tabernacle will write While Jackals fight over the poison Emperor's body Priest and Canibus enjoy their memorable army's Ha, ha, ha, ha... [Canibus] A lyricist without with no master, a no financer After the disaster I will die from laughter Alright, let's move out people I got a five ton diesel, 40 illegal Hazmat retreat, too deep to say piece to I pray about peace for you Very soon the Goetia will eat you The keys of Solomon will open the door to that bottomless prison And let the Leviathan army in +Liquid Wordz+, split superb From the foothills of Sykros to the streets of New Jerz New Ark, I'm the rare admiral in New York If I'm caught they'll award the post human purple heart Navy cross neva say we lost, Dan Abram office and court One o'tnot to think any thoughts, +Liquid Wordz+ [Sample] "I don't know what we mean about these words" The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Canibus Album: For Whom the Beat Tolls Song: Father Author, Poor Pauper Typed by: DaSun Akbar [Intro] Yea, +Father Author, Poor Pauper+, Yea (More than a microphone monster) [Canibus] Once a upon a midnight dreary Being blackballed by the music industry prepared me In the past albums were made, put on the shelf I was never paid or given a wealth Who can I blame but myself? No one I followed my azimuth then transit on a path from apprentice to master My testimony any place at the top is lonely Ask me what I cherish mostly, no matter what I say is poetry The way I walk, the way I talk, the way I fought The way I won, the way I lost, the way I thought When they tried to play me out as a man The way it felt takin' showers in the sand with a fuel can Wakin' up in the middle of the night I can't breathe right, I can feel my heart beat spike +Father Author, Poor Pauper+ use to be a war monger I promised the Lord I will not tour any longer Pardon the The Poor Pauper with nothin' to offer from his coffin Caughin' up a mouthful of a volcanic sulfur Feast your eyes on the awesome mechanics of the metallic saucers Flown by man, I bet you thought it was the Martians Since +Channel Zero+ I tried to do somethin' to save you But you threw away the jewels I gave you When you're ready to move to the mouth it'll be too late too That's why I pray for you My words appear clear but true meanin' is lost Why would an emcee like that even talk? Clear your mind, clear your thoughts Throw away everything you bought And kneel before the Ark YOU DON'T!, you knew you should but you won't Any artist will become lethargic from weed smoke I don't go to malls 'cause I don't like shoppin' I can't buy clothes when the Manikin's are watchin' Overspecialization doesn't require special explanation The information is my interpretation I sit down at the table and make it Through a series of musical, lyrical and compositional arrangements I'm disinfatuated, you rappers are overrated For the music you're makin', it sounds foolish and basic Thread by thread the poem is woven, the book is open You were ordered to show him, than the words are spoken Civilization is fragile, so is life there in battle So is nature when surrounded by the unnatural Walk through the doors of Langley Headquarters My logo is in the floor etched in marble Behind the rose line, morals and dogma of rhymes to climb One of three peaks of Mount Hermon there in my lifetime The rhymes is 3 point 1 4 5 9 2 6 5 3 5 8 9 Same morning that the Can-I-Bus album came out I got a text from The NSA that said "They'd take me out" Kabbalah Math was all I had My wife and child were both killed in a helicopter crash Eight months passed, I'm in Walter Reed with a rare fungus rash I told them "Fuck the cash" Just give me somethin' for the pain My brain 'bout to bust vein They said "You've been through enough Germaine" I tried to sit up but can't get up This sucks, +Father Author, Poor Pauper+ can't give up The Biomarker lit up; the labtec took the blood that I spit up She tried to screen it, than clean it Hydroxide radicals I couldn't believe it I was the Anemic Heathen that was saved by the blood of Jesus My only grievance is I never be the same again Never beat me with a rhyme again like it was '98 again I'm so ashamed I'm depressed; I don't know what I could say to them So I made this mixtape for them I hope you enjoy it even if you never bought it This is +Father Author, Poor Pauper+ last recording The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Canibus Album: For Whom the Beat Tolls Song: Dreamzzzzz Typed by: DaSun Akbar [Chorus: 4X] +Dreamzzzzz+ of fuckin' a female news anchor I'm just playin', but I'm sayin' [Canibus] Yea, this isn't excellence in journalism I prefer to call it conservative words of wisdom Mixed with perverted visions I can't help it; I was bitten by the Celtic Woman Who spoke elvish, who told me I was selfish Nah honey be friendly you're my Ms. Money Penny I love you because when they hate me; you defend me +Dreamzzzzz+ of fuckin' a female news anchor Welcome to my world of fantasies and fandom 0330 central news network I filled out visitor's paperwork 'til my head hurt Key words bees and birds can't help but to be perverse About anything over 30 in a skirts I get up stairs to search who's doin' their leg work I seen her walk in to the coffee room, I go there first She was beautiful in burgundy, Zane Verjee I said "Allah have mercy", she heard me and turned to me She showed me her breast, I was impressed She suggested I lock the door so we could both get undressed Quick start, quick finish, I gently kissed her The phone rang; it was Wolf Blitzer sayin' "He missed her" I was not surprised, I ain't want the bitch to lose her job OH MY GOD! Is that Sumi Das? Still hard from Zane givin' me brain, but I can't complain I'll take wrinkles over stains anyday, anyway where did the Sumi go? She reminds me of this ho I used to bang on a Pakistani Sushi boat Her trail went cold; I stole me an access card Picked up the trail in the parking garage I pretended I was an intern I said "Ma'am you left this upstairs; a huge diamond earrings" She just stares, standin' there in a dress with a delicate smell of vinaigrette She placed the palm firmly on my chest "Are you St. Germaine?" she said, I said "Yes" And I seek to have sex with the Dragon Princess She circled her hips slow, dancin' to Calypso She brought her lips close, my dick grows, she sniff Coke I couldn't believe the nerve of this Circus Witch with burger itch You tried to curse me with a kiss Nosferatu practitioner, I don't even think about kissin' her She will remain my prisoner [Chorus: 4X] [Canibus] Yea, check the defense mechanism of this next woman She's the real Lara Croft; I couldn't wait to have sex with her Arwa Damon so calm under pressure But our hormones start raging as soon as I undress her Started to speak in discrete descriptive speech I tasted her nipples and told her "Her tits taste like a peach" She had congressional oversight, over the mic A young Black man obsessed with her egg shell white Her body was tight, "Ok" I said but not tonight Your life is your job; my job is my life Filled with gold spindles, a positive polarity signals But when I talk to strippers I'm simple Like screwin' Julie with the booty dimples She act moody 'cause she's mental Try to imagine what she's been through Julie Banderas got what I call a rare ass That's the type of ass that could tear pants I let her dance on my Fer-de-lance, Caliente Sangre And life goes on like John Mellencamp [Chorus: 4X] [Canibus] Yea, yo, I don't wake up 'til 12:00 Soledad O'Brian don't wake up 'til she feels cock I love these women so much, I can't stop Sir Lancelot givin' Guinevere a shamrock Accompanied by a rose, she smelled it with her nose and froze It was the perfect time to take off her clothes The tale of the Princess and the P and MC Mr. C; really? A magnificent read In a dream I had about my favourite anchor of them all In my dream I wrote a name across The White House wall Suzanne Malveaux - oh I have love you so So much so I let the whole world know Her pastry is so tasty; I don't care if her husband hates me I'm still in my dream, DO NOT WAKE ME! In the dream she and I share pound cake and tea In between her shifts on the silver screen She lays her head on my arm during The White House conference, at dawn Imagine that when you listen to my song [Chorus: 4X] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Canibus Album: For Whom the Beat Tolls Song: Magnum Innominandum Typed by: DaSun Akbar Suivre Moi, come vibe with ya boy With lyrics the whole industry silently enjoyed (Follow me) Suivre moi, the leadership was annoyed At lyrics the whole industry silently enjoyed (The MC) Suivre moi, the leadership is annoyed At lyrics the whole industry silently enjoyed Suivre moi, come vibe with ya boy With lyrics the whole industry silently enjoyed [Canibus] I was taught my heart was my brain in my past life I was thrashed in a fight over my passion for the mic Risked the ultimate sacrifice to rhyme, askin' Christ why? He replied; "Passions like mine have a price" They will grab you if you grab the mic Try to squeeze the life from you, take away your life There's only one way to fight Zero gravity device, turn it on Impale them on stalactites and stalagmites, alright? I was hyped; he told me that every word I recite Symbolically represents the whole world's kryptonite Includin; but not limited to spittin' in the booth Spit the truth; tell the leadership to listen to the troops The leadership bleeds blue, we bleed red In the end the only thing we can agree on is death I beg you to get it together To truly be clever you gotta be able to think ahead and remember 'Cause most of us have forgotten where we came from Turned a blind eye to the energy that made us I ain't the same Canibus I was But I still get busy 'cause that's what Canibus does The rhymes are relevant day after my development Food for thought, beverages should be free but they keep sellin' it The mixtape comes out today, announce the date The potato gets off his couch to wait 'Cause he knows something wicked his way comes They can hear the sound of the war drum, Canibus save them! I can't save you, but you can save yourself We can save each other, I just came to help The event you cant prevent no matter how much you spend Your catalogue remains thin no matter how much you pen I stand with my men, lookin' at the flag draped coffins again Cryin', justifyin' what I did There's no excuse cause nobody will ever know the truth I will never get over the abuse - fuck you!... *Pause* I gotta keep Hip-Hop open, if they close it I'm homeless If I lose it I'm broken, if I disown it I'm hopeless I am a hopeless romantic Trans-Atlantic pimp In the pacific stickin' dick to Los Angeles bitches Bitch please!, be my guest Shot her in the head while she slept What would she dream about next? I'm a maniac nigga, so fuck rap nigga Bigorexia anxiety attack nigga If you're loyal I'll murder for you You disloyal I'll destroy you Rhodesian Ridgeback will and turn on you Keep Hip-Hop alive if you don't we die We includes me, you, K-Solo and Nas Keep Hip-Hop open 'cause if they close it I'm homeless If I lose it I'm broken, if I disown it I'm hopeless Focus! Suivre moi, the leadership was annoyed At lyrics the whole industry silently enjoyed Suivre Moi, come vibe with ya boy With lyrics the whole industry silently enjoyed The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Canibus Album: For Whom the Beat Tolls Song: Layered Prayers Typed by: DaSun Akbar [Canibus] Yea, ayo Mother Earth absorbs the blood I bleed Hip-Hop is my blood - I believe That I am not free, and neither are you The only time I feel free is when I'm rhyming in the booth The Lion on the loose is not a reckless recluse But really a dictator with his neck in a noose For war crimes; Hardcore rhymes from a warped mind That enjoyed the dark matter in the void before time The innocent murmured, murmured because they worshipped him They let the serpent in but it never occurred to them They deity regards emcees like me Piously, check the degree, see if it's me On planet Earth I design mankind's rebirth A marvel of water and rock salt from a verse The Moon, the Sun and the Stars I am who you are, together, we all form God I laugh at the creation of it, the explanation of it Not the original but man's imitation of it They took Hip-Hop and changed the subject Then I brought Hip-Hop back and made you love it Through deterrence, detention and prevention Never write the wrong sentence If I ever said it I meant it The insatiable, inescapable regiment What's the weight? Add four more plates, I bench it Skinny-ass nigga, grab your neck with a pen-grip Bend it through telepathic suggestion I rap so serious, the vocal myriad Occurred intermittently over protracted periods Rap 'til you get delirious, wack niggaz get furious Keep dissin' me, your girl's gettin' curious Darth Vader on the cross-fader releasin' the raw data This is called hard jaw-breaker labour When I see you I'ma battle you, then tackle you Then grapple you, then probably snap you in two Yo, ain't that the truth?, outside the booth Air combat maneuvers without no computer Space wings that cause pings MOTHAFUCKA!!! We gon' dogfight above cloud cover High in the friendly skies, where unfriendlies Where frendlies and unfrendlies die You and I race to the Sun, I just got back The race is done, ages have ended and ages have begun Cognisance saturation, I am the one Tell me where chain-gun Germaine came from? Dara-I-Suf, the river of caves My ribcage look like miniature shim blades When I bathe in the waters below Still waters run deep, King Cthulhu told me so Magna-dome under Yellowstone inside the bowels of the Earth I'ma show you the power of the verse 'Cause man cannot establish dominance over man Indefinitely; man only respects God's energy Telluric energy, drawn from the bowels of the Earth I'ma show you the power of the verse Telluric energy, drawn from the bowels of the Earth I'ma show you the power of the verse The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Canibus f/ Vinnie Paz Album: For Whom the Beat Tolls Song: The Fusion Centre Typed by: SNewsome@optonline.net I isolate a regime that works twice the pace of your team these Jedi mind tricks are no dream Kill code receive you do not need to know what you need you will be uplinked to the feed The entrance to the cave is guarded by a statue of Saint Jermaine holding an oil lamp with a purple flame Shuffling down a dark corridor chasing the voice of the orator the light brightens more and more Your muscles tight and sore you fall to waist height then crawl as you are forced to recite bars from Ars Notoria What is the origin metaphoric euphoria lobotomize the audience rap music recruited those who refuse it will be uprooted then electrocuted then executed flesh is fluid physically it's a stretch to do it you wake up cold wet and wounded playing my music The strong believe in me the weak try to weaken me they are not allowed to speak to me that easily The fans get neglected can't get they favorite record they only get to hear what's selected not requested They are wasting your time just think about that the reason you won't think is the reason I won't rap Wisely worded speech frame and technique and thermal heat bridges the verbal to the beat providing earth for your feet I rip granite the universe shaped like this planet nobody understand it when my spit is mismanaged Virtuoso Vivaldi Aliester Crowley with a baldy flow flawlessly cathedral halls applaud me Red 3 delta they call me in the red army armory talking softly walking calmly the officer saw me cursing at the bastard commy pass the salami Rhyming offbeat they poured me caffeine not coffee You'll never hear nothing as evil as this I carry desert eagles into the cathedral and lick My people are sick your people unbelievably bitch in Mogadishu counting money inconceivably rich A feverish pitch I'll hit you so you bleed where you piss I feel sorry for any rapper think he equal to 'Bis I see thru the mist I see you faggots weak in the wrist I ain't rapping no more Pazienza speak with the fists I see the abyss but I ain't going there no more I'm too old so I ain't licking in the air no more Ayo 'bis who these motherfuckers that's thinking it's war in '88 the only white boy spitting it raw I kicked in the door I spoke on metaphysics in awe but they was too stupid to understand the vision involved I wish that we all had platinum that could christen the wall but I'm a ride for you regardless if its business involved The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Canibus Album: For Whom the Beat Tolls Song: 702-386-5397 Typed by: DaSun Akbar [Intro] Yea, yea Can-I-Bus, Mic Club (Nothin' to prove it's all love) [Canibus] I bust through like Sputnik 2 This is man's best friend, whoopty-woo The flag is black, red, and blue True shoot from the hoopty Dogs jump out of dooly But it'll take more than that to move me Like; wireless mics for tireless nights Firefights inspire my life, why do I write? Twenty-year Hip-Hop vet, they perceive me as a threat They manifest beads of sweat Examine the blood trail Squeeze trigger puss drips out of the thumbnails I smell like gun shells Polonium, pandemonium with a dose of unknownium The Soviet Hugo Rodier Fourth generation roper report Everything I was taught bore resemblance to my thoughts The truth and design of the Guggenheim rhyme Where every line is weaponized then applied Mob shit, talk it acquisition is sick I don't miss when I twist the 556 Stand there with arms folded Firearms make me look large and bloated ("I'ma gonna have to project my voice") Equipment check, church bells time ("Some of this stuff might get intense") One more time - Just kill 'em 'Bus Ain't nobody around to witness nothin' Heavens devil strangle Hell's Angel with a mic cable Then J Wells came through [Sample from Nas @ the L.A. Listening Party on December 14th, 2006] "Yo, the niggaz that use to have a nigga a little nervous was like; B.I.G., 'Pac, (Right), even Canibus, like Eminem them niggaz use to have me like If we go at it dawg we gotta go HARD!" "Yo, the niggaz that use to have a nigga a little nervous was like; B.I.G., 'Pac, (Right), even Canibus, like Eminem them niggaz use to have me like If we go at it dawg we gotta go HARD!" [Canibus] Yea, yo I support a secure change of custody Don't trust the beat, trust me Canibus the emcee Without movin' my neck I turn to the left Yes I am the best you'll learn to respect 'Til your death, Hip-Hop is the body, you are the chest I am the vest, we are sworn to protect This behavioural bomb rewritable radio songs "What station is your radio on?" My trainin' is worth millions Imam death squad rush the building From the frontline with Prince William I am Prince William's exercise cover and concealment Prohibit the media from filming Never in the moment, always thinkin' of the Omen I pause soldiers, nobody told them Inoculate; I postulate not your weight Drop to your face, the active component will not break My Omanium friend tried to pay me in Yen I threw the money in his face and said "Pay me again" You wanna talk to the kid? Enter this ten digit grid I'll explain to you what I did +702-386-5397+, call, leave a message Y'all niggaz can't rap, so why you wanna go and do that? You move the crowd, I move the map The defying mad Lion, triumph over the rulers of Zion Fuck your +Blood Diamonds+, I'd rather laugh dyin' Miners in the mine shaft cryin' +Apocalypto+ from GITMO, I'll clash with the last Mayans The Sun stone science, the black, red and blue alliance Jump through the fire, you'd be a fool to try it The fire suit don't fit, NO SHIT! My Saratoga suit got a customized grip With a batwing released for both wrist and both feet Blazing high, but I don't feel no heat Hip-Hop's master chief, "Here, have a seat" In the mic booth where I hang slab the meat Before, during, or after debrief I'll crack your teeth, don't talk unless if asked to speak The Rift Valley Fever symptoms could last for weeks We call a hell in a cell, watch the bastard tweak Reach 80 degrees North, 14 degrees East Beneath the ice sheet lies the Spitzberg Beast Transmission distorted, injuries reported Mission aborted, follow your orders, move forward BRAVO! I fell in love with you Suzanne Malveaux On the down-low, know you know She talked to the Canibus man Code name: +Javelin Fangz+ With +Nothing to Prove+ to the rap fans Could've elaborate further but suffice to say "God damn that emcee made my day" He's a butcher, a baker, a vapour box maker from Jamaica Still talkin' trash to the haters I'll clash with the graders, this is major manual labour Beta test the data with blue lasers Canibus wavin' Alice, it's +Nothing to Lose+ in Los Angeles Suing Hip-Hop for the damages G-4's, 10.4's, still conscious but not for long Missile lock-on; stop the song The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Canibus Album: For Whom the Beat Tolls Song: The Goetia Typed by: DaSun Akbar *Ergonomical* [Sample] "And this variation of analogy of working that comes from On this idea that they were created on the Earth These giants were created by the natural themselves They can manifest.." Nothin' to prove, nothin' to lose Can-I-Bus - bussin' in the booth Straight out +The Goetia+ to eat ya This is the fire breather Nothin' to prove, nothin' to lose Can-I-Bus and Mic Club - bussin' in the booth [Canibus] Microphone check one-two, you know what it is Can-I-Bus, still gettin' biz Rip mics, gas molecules emit light I bring delta T.C. squared to the fistfight First, I developed the fence Then negotiate disarmament from the other side of the fence Hence, the tetrahedron is a prison for a four-headed demon I weaken, every time I see him Fight for my freedom, under the fig tree bleedin' I create Hip-Hop but don't need it I turn my back on rap like God turned his back on Eden To return like Cat Stevens For those who believe it, I live it, I breathe it I smash mics to pieces, that's the secret I cannot fail, I rock bells On the Ho Chi Minh trail to the song of the nightingale Any artist can turn a garden to a desert But can he turn a desert to a garden? That's where I come in, runnin', straight gunnin' Ready to punish, nigga I don't budge one inch Fuck it, double the budget Niggaz turned Hip-Hop to somethin' it wasn't Made it hard to love it So I come back to conquer with a monster mantra My spiritual father is Swami Vivekananda Rhymes promote freedom, stabilize the region Think for yourselves, it's just like breathin' The departed Hip-Hop artist regardin' the condition of the carnage Dead farmers I already saw it Back to the army, back to pituitary Back to the heartbeat, off-beat on a dark street Comfy, aggressive assistive trainin' Hajji somewhere waitin', one minute remainin' Satellites counter locatin', the bloodbath begins bathin' We both believe we're fightin' Satan 'Cause we both got the same God, who accepts the same sacrifice Blood, tears, life, fine picks and trowels are real I was holdin' a weapon when I was overpowered, there was no album Thirty-minute sessions cleanin' weapons askin' myself questions About what happened last mission, Radiation isolation I'ma asshole but I'm patient for a nurse with nice shaped tits I'm a poet, my house is a palace A small cavernous passage, darker than the Catacombs of Paris Chateau de Canibus, Saint Germaine sadomasochist I don't use chains to trap a bitch Don't get distracted, repeat your rap's schematic Over and over until it's automatic My body is a machine, machines need fuel Two gastro-nasal tubes, feed me smoothie food The recluse clearly produced the abstract schematic You can use over a glass of fresh-squeezed pear juice Right side paralyzed above the waist Below the waist the left side paralyzed, this a unique case It's a challenge to rhyme great, lost weight Lost sense of smell and taste, wastin' away payin' attention to space Sayin' "wait!" open the gate, rusty screwers reverberate Through the deserted desolate space of this purgative place Grimoires and metaphor law, make your skin crawl Nothin' to prove, this is lyrical law The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Canibus Album: For Whom the Beat Tolls Song: Secrets Amongst Cosmonauts Typed by: DaSun Akbar *Spanish speaking soldiers* "They have different videos that's caused by these Cosmonauts" [Sample] "And so, if you take all these together Dimension of the Earth in nautical miles 21,600 and you divided by 33; you'll get..." [Intro] +Secrets Amongst Cosmonauts+ These are the Secrets of the Cosmonauts I know I rhyme a lot This is the most important rhyme I ever said in my life Stop the hatred, and stop being racist I believe the Cosmonauts will come down and save us (We share the song) This is a song, written by God (Especially for you) Especially for you, this is the truth (There's a story) A story of humankind's glory (Of what people do for you) I'm tellin' you the Cosmonauts love you [Canibus] Twenty-one thousand six-hundred nautical miles I've got the same amount, if not more audible styles By no means am I to interpret the absolute I'm merely a vessel that the entity chooses to use I'm raw energy, just like you I don't teach 'cause Teachers only receive contempt from the youth I know what I know, there's no need to convince you The poetry's fairly simple, you perceive the visual The grass isn't greener, it's browner I believe in the power that spins the Earth around upward and outward You say, "You don't like the album", I say you a coward You say you don't like the beats, I say what about them? Whether or not you like the lyrics I would not be surprised If you the devil in disguise I can see it in your eyes We are all equal; we are all sisters and brothers In spite of our colour, all we have is each other, they love us [Canibus] Your sexual orientation is none of my business But don't lie to yourself, and don't lie to the children Some of us are healthy, some of us have diseases But if you look at the whole world we represent the human species You can't ignore continents while they starve You'll be wearin' their shoes before long As the Globe becomes more warm Families hold on but their country is war-torn The prophecies are forewarned You would've thought Katrina storm taught y'all But nah, you're still too distracted ain't y'all? I've come to learn that the Cosmonauts up high Don't believe that we deserve another chance and I'll tell you why We watch either other die, and we're still racist Not in my household, but in other places The patience of the Gods have run thin Because of your sin, the period of purification will begin [Canibus] The procession will wash away The world's sins with Tsunami's and Whirlwinds Our world ends, but then it begins again Six-thousand four-hundred eighty years later The next civilization will dig our artifacts out of a crater They will say that we were great but that they are greater Humankind will continue to search for his creator Wage war against the forces that try to enslave us Send space probes to our celestial neighbours We could stop the hatred; if we stop being racist I believe the Cosmonauts will come down and save us If humankind will accept all races There's no reason that the Cosmonauts wouldn't save us Love your neighbours; we're different, but God made us Love all races, the Cosmonauts would love to save us Basic Instructions Before Leaving Earth (B.I.B.L.E.) Wake up, stop the hatred, the Cosmonauts wanna save us "Advance knowledge that people in general will never hear Is passed on to the chosen ones that are chosen to have this.. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Canibus Album: For Whom the Beat Tolls Song: One Ought Not to Think Typed by: DaSun Akbar [Canibus] This one is relatively short; I won't say much about it What's the point if you're still gon' doubt History is a weapon being used against us Humanity has been abused before but few remember Human hybrid, Hubble iris, double-sided untouchable When it comes to rhyming, but I struggle in private +One Ought Not To Think+, in other words stop thinking Humankind is now on the brink of extinction The Eagle has landed, one of von Braun Handpicked the evil bastard called + Magnum Innominandum+ These ice-age quotes opposed Helios Confusing the most yet I find it remedial Turn the radio and TV off, think for a second Technology is a blessing but it's also a weapon A weapon of mass destruction givin' global instructions Teaching us how to hate but does it in a way that we love it Take my beloved rap music, erase the beat Consumers act like they're afraid of intelligent speech The rhymes are imagined in theory Then itemized into a query It takes more than your ears to hear me Meditate; you will see it clearly Elevate to a level where your judgment isn't impaired daily Before the New World Order right around the corner One day soon they gon' lock down the borders I ain't a activist, I can't do shit I'd rather be a pacifist with a full clip Keep sayin' your prayers, they won't care God won't hear, do something, you won't dare It's happened before, it'll happen again It's happening over there; it'll spread here my friend +One Ought Not To Think+, in other words stop thinking Mankind is now on the brink of extinction Lost wisdom from the lost kingdom Humankind is now on the brink of extinction The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Canibus Album: For Whom the Beat Tolls Song: Javelin Fangz Typed by: DaSun Akbar [Sample] "For this reason to have this Key They some how transmit into your brain a hard idea Like, you are living wrong You've broken our laws on this planet This is the reason why Very soon when the sky became dark Thousands and thousands of people will die And only a few them will stay alive" [Intro] Code-Name: Javelin Fangz - The Canibus Man Nothin' to Prove, cold bustin' at you dudes Yea, yo You got your Weapon?: Check You got your Ammo?: Check You got the filthy slut pin-up calendar?: Yes You got the food?: Check You got the supplies?: Check You got the Trees so we can get high? - I Quit Your names Canibus - So what da Fuck that means Can-I-Bus is the emcee not weed Hand Radio?: Check Map?: Check You got the chem lights so we can get back?: Check First Aid Kit?: Check Grenades?: Check I even got a spit box for those lonely days [Canibus] I was on my way home, the ground opened up like a grave Turned the highway into a tomb It's crazy I grew up playin' with Tonka's Mickey Thompson mud Swampers on a off-road monster I took a detour started headin' east Got stuck through a wench around a red wood tree A 1000 feet above sea level Still drivin' altitude climbin' the Tsunami's 1 hour behind me Made my way to the Mojave, I robbed niggaz for they gasoline Then headin' towards the Colorado Rockies Desperado, El Diablo on your back yard property Can't let the circumstance stop me G.I. Joe, O.G., Desert E's, Desert fatigues Dry weather gear for the desert breeze 140 degrees, I can barely breathe Toast bread and fry eggs on the roof of my Jeep Take my boots off I won't even look at my feet They smell like I've been cookin' my feet Look at me, I'ma mess I did it for my family & friends When the time comes I do it again Because this ain't the end, this is the beginnin' A new way of life nigga how you gon' live it Man Women and Child, livin' in a village No more technology privilege When disaster strikes put down the mic You better pick up that weapon and pass it to the right Laugh if you like but the time is near There's no time to spare, formation over here [Canibus] I observe purgatory from the solar observatory The Sun stone was right, God have mercy on me You ask what, I ask what next Geo-magnetic effects came down to the deck Radio, T.V. Satellite gone, nobody can make or take one call LIGHTS OUT! All communications wiped-out To late to call upon Jesus Christ now Collect your weapon and ammo You don't have weapons to protect your family? You're asshole Guns are worth more then anythin' in a time like this The price just went up the pricelist You a Predator or Prey in the twilight mist? You wanna pray; get on your knees die like a bitch Your family got dragged off Put to work as slaves in a hell pit because you were selfish You bought cars, gold, diamonds Should've bought somethin' that could equalize the violence Face it your heart's full of hatred 'Cause you got stripped naked in front of your babies Do somethin' to change it Take it, take a day-off, take a trip to the shop Get a laser sight scope, adjustable butt stock Automatic burst, fuck a one shot if a nigga want static I'ma give 'em what I got The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Canibus f/ K-Solo Album: For Whom the Beat Tolls Song: There Has He Been Typed by: DaSun Akbar [Intro] Yea, Mic Club and Waste Management +Javelin Fangz+ WolfGang, sharp fangz Yea [Canibus] The vocalist with osmosis spit Canibus on some robust robot shit You're not fit, drop, give me fifty bars of spit 950 more bars just to talk to the kid They just rappers I'm a cloud of galactic matter comin' at ya Like radar or race car spelt backwards The mirror image of the emperor's lyrics Concubines are forbidden to compare it until I finish The magnetic patient will record the same thing While erasin' the lost dynasty of Beijing Spittin' rhymes 'cause significant mission lapse time You'll be fine, don't rewind; move onto the next line Three bogies ten O'clock high, I die if I do not try Ostriches are not supposed to fly Fighter pilots with not eyelids Did you see what I just did? Hydraulic pressure gettin' as high as a bitch Textbook vertical spin, landed on the wing, I'm in The evil bald Eagle strike you again Yuri Gagarin, I met him when we he came to Heaven My first guest from terra firma Passage Magellan I didn't hesitate to tell him, 2012 you police yourselves As Earth travels through the gravity belt And I can offer you no help The Period of Purification can be described to somethin' you call Hell Yeah, S-P-E-L-L, R-A-P-E-L down to W-E-L-L WolfGang [K-Solo] Start at your head, I end it quick and end your ass Send your career on a collision course; then you'll crash I'ma laugh mothafucker, its gon' only get worse You'll hit a tree and you go flyin' through your window headfirst Foes come in the white mink, leave in the red fur Get your fuckin' ass kicked, leave with your head hurt Beef with me equals dead thugs Even when I'm fuckin' sleep, stomp out you bedbugs The Hitman buck quick One thing I can't stand in this rap game is a bitch ass who suck dick Rap too good for the hood, who's the don And they said I'd never make it with a help from you know who But I proved them wrong Even without money in my pocket I still move along And I'm happy Canibus got me to do this song I was never assed out; my label's the only label And the mothafuckin' world is able to take the trash out Call me sweet, Big Kevin I fuck a bitch 'til she pass out I got hands too when I cum, a lot of niggaz don't wanna back out Dirty niggaz, they gon' pull a mac out 'Cause I rap grapple and box, make competition tap out I put it down; I cut them down, cut them down You know I'm known to shut them down Dudes is jokin', I laugh, take cash 'cause they clowns If they got beef with that I get Canibus to spray the rounds Take them down; I'm the Godfather, Long Island music here to take the crown Breeze through, enemies quiet, they don't make a sound Get a bucket of red blood, paint the town I'm a beast, when I walk I shake the ground Who hatin' now? Who hatin' now? Who hatin' now? The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Canibus Album: For Whom the Beat Tolls Song: Poet Laureate Infinity V004 Typed by: DaSun Akbar [Sample] "And this is where the, the uh complexity comes in Maybe we in modern uh civilization haven't really connected with this  understanding" [Canibus] This is never been done before with a rhyme outside the realm of time It's the first of its kind POET LAUREATE INFINITY!!! I WILL FOREVER BE THE ILLEST LYRICALLY!!! I procured a small piece of the treasure Collections from a former era datin' back to forever The warrior became protector; take a closer look at the bars You'll see I'm not behind them or in front of them, I'm one of them Started with a hundred, The Game spit three I said "Fuck It!" I'm a have to show these niggaz somethin' 33 is the number that enlightens the Brother Insight to the fullest that could brighten the dullest The ramifications are awesome, what should we call it? Mortars I drive forward Sandstorms make my eyes water Skull is a submarine hull Dolphin phones screen calls from places as far away as A.G.C.R. The rhymes are raw, protected by the Jericho wall With surface permutation of the permafrost We thought close support from the Navy Carriers and Air Force Would give us all what we needed, we were wrong This is "The Greatest Rhyme of All Time" supposedly 1000 Bars it will probably always be The results from SETI, very interestin' I briefed the committee they told me to stop the testin' You cannot contend with this when I let it rip Eyes, ears, nose and throat specialist Professor Bis The sublime Chakra one thru nine Thru the spine induce the rhyme Internal fire produces the high I listened to 44 4's 22 times +I Gave You Power+ God stop my heart if I'm lyin' SHUT THE FUCK UP and stop whinnin' Instinct controls how you think before decidin', so keep vibin' The Art of Rhyming; I've mastered it certainly Surely I'll celebrate capturin' it for my Taxidermy From the streets of New Jersey to Germany To jungles in Angola where most the meat poachers heard of me I guess it wasn't meant to be Under an assumed Identity I resumed PsyOps on the enemy USA made, field grade steel face Movin' at a Canibus pace in the proto subspace Nobody could hold me back, my flow bloviates into a spiritual shape And co-create rap, cold callous chronic chemical imbalance Smokin' a chalice in the Rabbit hole with Alice Systematic Global Geographic Systemic Neo-synopsis Reload the graphics notice I spit it rapid Victory over injury a victim to misery The myriad of my metaphors make me a mystical mystery They can't battle me; so they'd rather embarrass me By being mad at me, they commit microphone heresy Clairvoyant Technique, usin' X-Ray refraction Not only can you see into the future, see past it But I don't know what it means I pass the DataStream along to my team They say it's more than a dream Kill you with weed vapour, then the Taser, then the Laser, then the Maser Then somethin' they call Scalar "That is not dead which can eternally lie And with strange aeons even death may die" Why? Coup de Gra for the Coup de Ta In a man made lodge, the Moon Rays replace God What ought to crawl has learned to walk I have mastered The Art of Rhyming now I am so bored I seen a mushroom to the north, from a porch It was odd, every dog in the neighborhood barked 'Cause Emotion manifests Thought, Thought manifests Words Actions and  Reality But what is attracting me? If you question me, you will be detained indefinitely Your name will be added to the Black List Registry Observe the man with the microphone strand Or 5th or 6th, 'cause way more advanced I look up in the sky to see if God is judging me Suddenly I feel Fatima and Medjugorje come to me Sittin' down at the mixin' board comfortably They begin to study me, by showin' me worlds I would love to see A stationary pulley drawin' from a wishin' well The Genie gave me three more because I listen well There's a Proverb that goes "One should know thyself" Before one can know the world so I showed myself Metaphoric Sun Worship, pullin' me like planet inertias But on the other hand these rappers are worthless Rap Music Profession, Immuno suppressants One question per second, one answer per session You lazy and you wanna be the best? You crazy! Poet Laureate is reserved for the name G My lyricism amplifies every letter written +Rip the Jacker+ spittin' inside a Zero Vector System Murder murder murder, kill kill kill drills Williams was real ill, but now I chill Fuck a record deal; my trainin' is real Look at the sword I wield, you will taste my steel Lyrical Fitness is no secret of course But the secret to creativity, hidin' your sources Preserve the sanctity of the Soldiers in IRAQ Do not blame them, I hold their humanity hostage I gotta spit 'til the story is told It's a gift; this story is a part of my soul We shouldn't keep fightin', the Earth is our home If we destroy Mother Earth, then where will we go? Are you food for the Moon? Or are you in the mood for doom? Furniture moves when I walk into a room Fuckin' bummer, no armour inside the Hummer Gotta hug a motherfuckin' Sandbag for cover I ride on a flatbed chariot, four ostriches carry it I'm Big Billy Bob Black Angus From the gutter to the gallows no media coverage 'Cause I don't want it, that's why I'm rarely seen in public If I were you I wouldn't waste time readin' rubbish It might turn you into a media puppet, NIGGA LOVER!!! All cultures come from One Mind The Universe is not far behind, Waves Bars and Rhymes Metaphor and Rhyme is poetry by design But poetry continues outside the timeline Don't care if I make history, I wanna be a part of INFINITY You lied to us all in your speech Symbiotic indeed, the host bleeds Parasites attach to feed fulfilling antiquated needs Over The Horizon Radar Rhymes Patent number 4686605 I've apologized but I can't change who I am Tried to change the future, can't budge the past Beautiful longitudinal, musical lyrics Fragments of Olympian Gossip, that is my vision If A is a success in life Then A must equal X plus Y plus Z no doubt If work equals X and play equals Y Then Z must be equal to you shuttin' your mouth Agonizing, the pain of the migraine bitin' my brain And everything inside it, I can't explain but I am tryin' From the Kinetic to the Energetic To the magnetic, ultra, electro, and uncensored resonance I need to be alone, you cannot comfort me like my poems THINK SO? You're a talk-show ho The grown up who showed up drunk with his own cup stoned as fuck Who can tell me that this poem is luck? Does it amaze me? "NO!" Does it faze me? Maybe a little yo Gotta find a way to generate doe The minerals where they grow determine the stability of the flow I might get drunk and boast Williams you gotta go first "If you say so, HALO", High Altitude always stay low I approached the podium, and delivered my encomium Nobody applauded the atmosphere was ominous They feared I would spit, they don't like when I bust I need more pain so I can pretend to be tough 1000 Bar race at an unrelentin' pace Just in case Humans ever get to World War VIII Food supply low, they speak of goin' above ground to find mo' I cry out "NO - DO NOT GO!!!" The window is closin', from the other side it looks like it's openin', Where am I tryna to go with this? Only the chosen, find a way out Everybody move out! Make sure to stay off the main route Arctic Geography is conducive to Astronomy And the study of celestial bodies, follow me A good Psychological environment for science I'm memorizing and visualizing peace and quiet Comparative image sharpness between artists I don't think you know what you're about to get involved in This is my unacknowledged special access project Time reversed waves in nonlinear optics Tunnel borin' and jackin', water main tappin' I sat there draftin' a new drainage plan laughin' Scientifically Quantifiable megalomaniacal Viable style, it's like tryna to ride a Bull The lyrical inimical is miserable because I've built a citadel Of syllables that made me invincible Creatively I have never been to this level First I'll put you in a sideways 8, then a pretzel Burn skin off face, burn face off skeletal plate Plasma Ray Gun is just one explanation Man Made Membrane roofin' remediation Any and All entry points have immigration She asked me if I was followed, I told her I wasn't I didn't know the spy that sold me out would be my own cousin "Populace uniformed is a populace of slaves" Washington didn't say it quite that way Musically still producin', I got a couple new things cocoonin' But Poet Laureate is my New Shit! Pulsating Lights and Sounds surrounds spirits Bio Oral Beats, layered underneath lyrics 250 thousand cycles per second, for Dolphin hearin' The Electrical Optical Coupling Gear is effective I've almost perfected this I'm one word away from excellence When I find it I'll begin testin' it My pupil size increase, constriction and velocity decrease You can't Emcee take a seat Wilder than the wilderness, I'm 'bout to show you who wildebeest Williams is You better be filming this I proof read my writtens, eat a chicken with the skin missin' Spend the whole night out binge drinkin' I rip shit consistent, spit persistent The sickness, spit with conviction, promote lyrical fitness I'm lost, which version is this? Mozart With a flowchart puttin' together parts of an unknown art Rhymes compartmentalized, seperatized to prevent bootleg Pirates Be my guest keep tryin' I'm hooked on Hip-Hop, I can't live without it You can mix this song a thousand ways I don't doubt it The Visionary Cell designed my new Lab Paul Laffoley engineered a magnificent draft You said "the best shouldn't ask for respect" Is that correct? Yes, could you please speak up, I SAID YES! That's not possible, that's sounds completely illogical You must've been kicked the fuck out of school You cannot fold under the political pressure You gotta take prudent and precautionary measures Four and a half foot beings with big black eyes Tried to trap me and extract my rhymes, all the time A Luciferian web, everyday we are buryin' dead Every color in America bled; this is Empirical evidence Of the greatest collection of Canibus sentences You'll never reach the end of it Fire for effect, smoke out then rest Give me a wedge formation, roll out like this I will spare no sin, walk in with a scarecrow grin Of nothin' on this Planet can dissuade this They left me dehydrated by the Nile River naked but I made it With passion of a Microphone Patriot I did it for my Fathers; I did it for my Mothers and my Brothers I did it for the world to discover The head of a Lion, the legs of an Eagle The wings of a Dragon, and to the people I hope the words reach you There is strength in numbers, there is numbers in strength The ink, I bow before the desert wall of the Sphinx Into the bottomless pool of Poetry I plunge 1000 Bars from the real Iron Lungs Everybody bow your heads, say this prayer From this moment HIP-HOP IS UNITED EVERYWHERE POET LAUREATE INFINITY!!! I WILL FOREVER BE THE ILLEST LYRICALLY!!! POET LAUREATE INFINITY!!! POET LAUREATE INFINITY!!! POET LAUREATE INFINITY!!! THIS NEVER BEEN DONE BEFORE IN HISTORY!!! [Sample] "It's all about becoming more..." The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Canibus Album: For Whom the Beat Tolls Song: Poet Laureate Infinity Typed by: rsgthelarge1@hotmail.com * * send corrections to the typist [Vocal 1] I got bored with four beats to the measure Professor speech compressor terminated his tenure to explore a more rewarding adventure Take a closer look at the bars You'll see I'm not behind them or in front of them, I'm one of them Started with a hundred, The Game spit 3 I said "Fuck It!" I'm a have to show these niggaz something Too easy, who'd believe me if I said that it wasn't? The rhyme is a weapon I bust it the Brotherhood got me covered OP orders with coordinates where to drop mortars I drive forward Sandstorms make my eyes water Skull is a submarine hull Dolphin phones screen calls from places as far away as A.G.C.R. The rhymes are raw, deeper than yours, you crawled before you walked but didn't think about you thoughts before you talked We spit for sport - I won you lost but you paid them off to nail my corpse to a cross This is "The Greatest Rhyme Of All Time" supposedly 1000 Bars it will probably always be Mentally top heavy, not many can rock with me, 10 Hip Hop could not bench me so they plot to suspend me I said "Nobody benefits, Everyone perishes" I tell them this, They say "Here....it's time for your medicine" Imagine being fined over a rhyme? For stepping over the line? When I inspired Hova & Nas I listened to '44 4's' 22 times "I Gave You Power" God stop my heart if I'm lying You like Red or White Wine? Let's talk about it I'm buying Let's talk about the children of Zion, excuse me if I start crying The Art Of Rhyming? I've mastered it certainly, 20 surely I'll celebrate capturing it for my Taxidermy From the streets of New Jersey to Germany To jungles in Angola where most the meat poachers heard of me The Ice Truck Killer will be observing me perform surgery Ritual Widow Murder - searching for her urgently Mix the blood so it don't coagulate The sex magic won't work if the bitch masturbates I put her on cloud 9, look at her face A cumulus lenticularis - a capsule in Space You will become acquainted with my cryptic language, 30 and my mystic manners, Rip spit bananas Systematic Global geographic systemic Neo-synapsis Reload the graphics notice I spit it rapid Advanced Step In Innovative Mobility Most emcees try to clone me lyrically My cell chemistry is a mirror of who I am physically but my true symmetry is energy The Will of Claude Ashur, The skill of Germaine Father Author Poor Pauper Pastor more than a rapper, 40 My body is a human machine my dreams filter in between Just wait until I build my machine Kill you with weed vapour, then a Taser then a Laser, then a Maser, then a Phaser Then something they call Scalar "That is not dead which can eternally lie and with strange aeons even death may die" But why? Coup de grce for the coup d'tat In a man made lodge the Moon Rays replace God I think I've had about enough of your tough talk Come over here take my cuffs off, I promise you we'll just talk, 50 No biting allowed just bark, Don't run just walk Battle Rap there is no such art Emotion manifests Thought, Thought manifests Words Actions & Reality This is not fantasy If you question me, you will be detained indefinitely Your name will be added to the Black List Registry I'm a scruffy old man, with bloody cold hands on my arm is a tattoo of a sullied old brand If I am not myself, then how would I be? If I do not look tell me how will I see? 60 The Law Of Attraction is attracted to me The Laws Of Poetry in action is practiced quite actively I look at my face more than anybody else I still can't recognize myself I don't need anybody but myself when I'm rhymin' like this I don't need no help But.....Thank you for your purchase, these verses have perennial purpose But on the other hand these rappers are worthless at least from MY interconnected introspective perspective the more pretentious, the more apprehensive the sentence, 70 You are lazy and you wanna' be the best? You crazy! The Best Train EVERYDAY of the week My lyricism amplifies every letter written Rip The Jacker spitting inside a Zero Vector System Brain waves reveal High Yield E&D Fields Chew emcees like I'm eating a meal A bunch of fake niggaz tryna keep it Pseudo Real A bunch of fake King Midas' with fools gold grills My microphone was found where the Mayan Sun Stone was The Period of Purification in my Poems, 80 Mad Max beyond Thunderdome under Red Rock It's no use if you can't use what you got buried in a mass grave covered in bones my cell phone number's placed on their tombstones Your girl Gertrude promised me her servitude she better do it I don't wanna have to hurt you dude I'll eat from the same portion as you just in case you try to poison my food but I want you to I'm a Deer Hunter all year if I could spare summers fucking your whore of a mother in front of her queer husband, 90 wide lens wide mattress she's an actress this is Monster Ball practice I'm Big Billy Bob Black Angus You and I can sit and look at each other Tossing Knowledge back and forth like we was throwing books at each other I don't care if we're not the same colour nigga I'm your brother I don't care what you say nigga you're a nigga lover All cultures come from One Mind The Universe is not far behind, Waves Bars & Rhymes motivated by the Stars that shine only lower density life forms get lost in time, 100 I don't care if I make history, I wanna be a part of INFINITY Look at what your SUN GOD did to me I am energy, I am he spiritually and mentally The fools who threw away my jewels offended me As we walk through the archived files of all styles The East Wing Isle goes on for 5 miles More rappers than fans, more vans wrapped than vans Hip Hop will continue to expand Poets should be rappers, rappers should be lyricists The current industry model collapse imminent, 110 This is Hollywood Hip Hop Celebrities adopt little snot nosed bugaboos from off the block Larry King Live, Earthquake right outside I looked that squarely shouldered man square in the eye Poetically Paralyzing, Where Are You? Are you hiding? No! I am sandbag diving Do not evade question Please explain to your viewers how there are Space Weapons bigger than Zeppelins How is it so? Tell the people, they need to know And if you don't think so, you're a talk show hoe, 120 The grown up who showed up drunk with his own cup stoned as fuck who could tell me that this poem is luck You say "I'm crazy" I say "SO???" tell me something I don't know something my psyche profile doesn't show I don't have all the answers I am not in the know I can only see what is above and only from below the substratum of reality through the thick cloud canopy How can it be Canibus? Answer me! I approached the podium, and delivered my encomium nobody applauded the atmosphere was ominous, 130 they feared I would spit, they don't like when I bust the mucus dried up to a pear like crust From a very cold place called Faraday Base right next to the South Poles longest Ice Strait Food supply low, they speak of going above ground to find mo I cry out "NO...do not go!" Where the fuck are you going? 400mph wind belts blowing, think for a moment we got to wait it out, that's what the training's about we have to survive, that's what Germaine is about, 140 Arctic geography is conducive to astronomy and the study of celestial bodies, follow me The sheer size of the Academia implied by the rhymes lead them to believe I was lying I blasted thru the limestone with water mixed with a dissolver then I signalled the remaining cave crawlers Dig a hole for the collateral carnage, Battle the hardest take out Hip Hops trash & garbage tunnel boring and jacking, water main tapping I sat there drafting a new drainage plan laughing, 150 tough, pliable, relatively reliable The vocation of this undertaking is very viable My lyrical is chemical radioactive residue I can't rest until I accomplish what I was sent to do The gross oversimplication of a Jamaican in a basement tracing over diagrams for a tape deck that evolved into a spaceship, that hasn't been made yet cause I haven't been paid yet, not even one pay check I walked through the valley of humiliation but Hip Hop started hating, I tried to save them they wasn't patient 160 Responsibility entrusted There's only one way for me to prove that I love it that's why I'm busting If you pursue revenge, dig many graves be sure to add your name to the list that you've made Musically still producing, I got a couple new things cocooning But Poet Laureate is my New Shit! Distinguished English and Sophisticated senses in sync with the Talisman I received from the Tempstress with these lyrics I consecrate the spirit whenever I spit it, concentrate you can hear it, 170 I've almost perfected this I'm one word away from excellence, when I find it I'll begin testing it The phenomenal beast astronomer priest when the poles shift the Sun will not rise from the East Wilder than the wilderness, I'm bout to show you who wildebeest WILLIAMS is you better be filming this A blast so cataclysmic, it warps the time and space within it the hours become minutes, the minutes become infinite lyrics Poet Laureate spit from the spirit, from the Sirius Star system  To observe the Gods, my thoughts graduated to the Stars, 180 to infinity, listen to the bars The Kapellmeister in the Battle Grinder, created by King Osirus my psychic wall larger than Chinas The thirst to rhyme at first hurts like a laborious childbirth and sounds like Chinese fireworks several million years into the past a primitive future in a world without oil and gas Focus on two standards when assessing the threat Number 1 is capacity, Number 2 is intent, 190 The Flood was not an obstacle I made a raft out of empty milk gallon bottles, for survival Always remember, meet me in Denver Colorado Springs in the Vandenberg welcome center Four and a half foot beings with big black eyes tried to trap me and extract my rhymes all the time I perform a requiem on the Eve before Hip Hop ends and make amends on behalf of my friends Canibus grab the mic like an energized amulet then spit a rap that you can't forget, 200 Oprah Winfrey don't like rap All I got to say about that is "She probably don't like Black" I don't blame her, she don't understand it's only entertainment she'd probably feel different if she wasn't famous She Traded Places, and her opinions started changing as Randolph and Mortimer increased her wages That alone could make a person racist, if not racist with colour? then material wise how we treat each other The head of a lion, the legs of an eagle the wings of a dragon, not the sigil, this is for real though, 210 I sit down and think, when I write I can smell the ink I bow before the desert wall of the Sphinx The ideas have come from God, even I am stunned 1000 Bars from the real Iron Lungs I heard Hip Hop was dead, that's not fair who I talk to?, go he there Nasir Poet Laureate Infinity I WILL FOREVER BE THE ILLEST LYRICALLY! Poet Laureate Infinity Poet Laureate Infinity Poet Laureate Infinity THIS NEVER BEEN DONE BEFORE IN HISTORY! [Vocal 2] I procured a small piece of the treasure, collections from a former era dating back to forever, the warrior became protector Quoted from the book of the law, I don't govern them, I summon them speaking in tongues again Started with a trumpet, woodwinds, strings, then the conductor brings the drums in, fingers trigger the drum kit Other emcees be nervous or something Rhymes in abundance, Hip Hop Justice, Rappers are captured and punished Drawn and quartered, liars are denied water, you still alive? I repeat in a revised order My skull is a submarine hull Screen doors protect the motherboard core from extreme heat warp My mind dives deep beneath yours Poseidon Trident Seahorse bubbles form I scream with extreme force Marinaris Trench detour to Ultima Thule, Let me explain what my sonar saw Upholding the Holy Rosary, patrolling the Open Sea at U-Boat speed beneath the Tsunami, where I'm supposed to be, 10 industrialists, civilians women and children directly military chiefs, aristocrats in the buildings membership is based off your raw intelligence 400 screen video editing with hard evidence The clinical Professor of rhymes from Pepperdine co-signed by GlaxoSmithKline designs The Universe provided the lighting to see what I was writing the results were blinding, Lyrics Timing shut the fuck up and stop whining Instinct controls how you think before deciding, so keep vibing Swimming naked in the open, a shark begins to circle me, 20 instead of trying to murder me, it tried to flirt with me I got away nervously, talked about it purposefully next time I see it, it's going to have a word with me I guess it wasn't meant to be Under an assumed Identity I resumed PsyOps on the enemy USA made, field grade steel face Moving at a Canibus pace in the proto subspace I am not here to negotiate eliminate the face on the photograph we have in our database No emcee could rhyme like this, there's no challenge, 30 His Poet Laureateship pontificates balance This lyrical pyramid was discovered by accident I know I could build it faster if I block and tackle it Judge me fairly, compare me to Dante Alighieri's Purgatorio theory Assigned to train and equip to spit who's ready? I'll need a volunteer, do I have any? Next year I'll get my SPINGS a master space badge after that I'll stop flying fixed wing aircraft Most of you will never understand what I mean 40 My dreams are broken into storyboard scenes worm screw elevators, descending to the bottom of the volcano's crater the Devils Chamber "That is not dead which can eternally lie and with strange aeons even death may die" The leaders lies got me reassigned, my loyalty was redefined they will not be allowed to see the rhymes What ought to crawl has learned to walk One ought not to think is what Rumsfeld thought, 50 I'm a take you for a walk through a beautiful place called Honey Swamp we'll shoot hoops at Mosquito Lagoon Park The whirlpool of gravity traps me still allowing me to circle the M51 galaxy Rap for me reduces the stress dramatically Negative time produces antigravity Inject the gas into the centrifuge mass the Teleological Dynamic will enhance watch me wet up you weed then bust up you teeth make you run for your life like there is a buss up the street, 60 The Dr. and I would meet, at 29 palms Joshua street I always had a lot to debrief Killing my health, Killing myself rebuilding myself, nobody feel what I felt modifying the weather from behind a weather shield writing with a feathered quill, getting more ill The woman who is there for, she will take care of you with Nexium, Avodart, Lipitor, and Theraflu Rap Music Profession Immunosuppressants One question per second, One answer per session, 70 Hip Hop made me, Hip Hop praise me Ain't nothing changed me since 1980 Involuntary catalepsy, BATTLE ME BABY!!! 1000 BARS NIGGA AFTER THAT MAYBE!! murder, murder, murder, kill kill kill drills Williams was real ill, but now I chill An asteroid field where every rock shaped like my seal I do it for the civilians, I do it for the soldiers Raptors, Comanches, STRYKERS, Cobras Back at the TOC with GW PRESCOTT 80 Grid location missile lock lift up the block I gotta spit 'til the story is told it's a gift, this story is a part of my soul We shouldn't keep fighting, the Earth is our home If we destroy Mother Earth, where will we go? Starving in destitution, Dying for retribution Why would you wanna' blow a hospital? You stupid? Why would you not force yourself to make better music? Our now fruitless creations used to be in abundance like something harder than Tungsten, break your arm if you punch it, 90 I ride on a flatbed chariot, 4 ostriches carry it I control their movements with lariats Polygraphs flutter, the Lovecraft Craft Lover Quoting my favourite Inventor, "I see excitement coming" I raise my hand, lightening bolts stream from it I see excitement coming, I see excitement coming Unsatisfied, I decide to redefine rhyme to create product of an applied mind They say "we're divided" I say we're small minded right after I said it I moved to a small island, 100 There was no contingency plan given to me Tell the motherfucker send his transcripts to me Swear your allegiance the tuition is free to be a mini me version with minor abilities 7.83 hertz from the Earth magnified Signal Intelligence emanating from your mind At the Observatory summit of Mt. Graham looking through this starlight scope in my hand Beautiful longitudinal musical lyrics Fragments of Olympian Gossip is my vision, 110 If A is a success in life then A must equal X plus Y plus Z no doubt If work equals X and play equals Y then Z must be equal to you shutting your mouth Surprisingly got The John Campbell award for writing by summarizing that rhyming can be dehumanizing From the Kinetic to the Energetic To the magnetic, ultra, electro, and uncensored resonance I need to be alone you cannot comfort me like my poems 1000 BARS put me in the zone, 120 The Pope shook, they ransacked Rome and burnt books I ran back home to hide mine in the woods Salute, I would like to propose this next toast to maturation barrels I carved from French Oak The minerals where they grow determine the stability of the flow I might get drunk and boast Corruption is necessary, but tell me who's the beneficiary which one of us will sing Hail Mary? Hip Hop supposed to be about endurance But every time you rhyme not just when I'm touring, 130 Acupuncture point or plus, is not enough I need more pain so I can pretend to be tough The facts too acute to repute, or debate My face, is a slim sleek gas mask shape My dream was identical seven nights in a row I saw a sideways 8 wrapped around a microphone The window is closing, from the other side it looks like it's opening where am I trying to go with this? Fire and Ash fallout, that's what it's all about we must construct a shelter, and then build a wall around it, 140 All the parents want to do is look at the body but it won't happen 'til AFTER the official autopsy a good psychological environment for science I'm memorizing visualizing peace and quiet Father Author Poor Pauper has poor posture As filthy as the collar of a dirty grave robber This is my unacknowledged special access project Time reversed waves in nonlinear optics The coral reef is changing from green to amber Scientist scramble to come up with new answers, 150 The truth is well within my sphere of pursuit but I'm unprepared to take action just like you The innate need for Canibus to be professional make it difficult indeed for me to connect with you Greetings and Salutations, my equations are inundated with information Electro Cranial Stimulation Burn skin off face, burn face off skeletal plate Plasma Ray Gun is just one explanation Man Made Membrane roofing remediation Any and ALL entry points have immigration, 160 One meter beside the Hubble outside the bubble, the effects of gravity on my muscles were quite subtle I do what I want to do, I have always been that way because I have always thinked that way Attach the piezoelectric transducer to your computer Poet Laureate is the future!!! Pulsating Lights and Sounds surrounds spirits Bio Oral Beats, layered underneath lyrics 250 thousand cycles per second, for Dolphin hearing The Electrical Optical Coupling Gear is effective, 170 88 Kilometres above the planet my rhymes harness a power beyond your understanding The Gods began to call me, I looked up Stars fell towards me and scorched me to a metaphor freak The authentic Command Doctrine of George Washington himself, GW I'm positive it's him I proof read my writtens, eat a chicken with the skin missing spend the whole night out binge drinking Executive Director of Civic Participation spitting First it was vote or die, Now it's don't vote, Why? 180 Weed is now legalized are you high? Rhymes compartmentalized seperatized to prevent bootlegging pirates be my guest keep trying The bird chirps dying in the dirt because the earth is hurt but not before I start cursing first Not so fast Mr. Iconoclast if you don't leave the bottle outside you can't pass Gather the evidence, then give it to the President don't reprimand him, ask him for help next, 190 A lamp with no electrode will not glow we need some new bright ideas that we did not know You cannot fold under the political pressure You must take prudent and precautionary measures I think of rhymes in my mind when I autograph sign I can't wait to sign an autograph for the last time A Luciferian web, everyday we are burying dead every colour in America bled Empirical evidence of the greatest collection of Canibus sentences you'll never reach the end of it, 200 Fire and forget, rhyme for respect I didn't get that so I wrote Poet Laureate The Hubble Space Telescope images changed Bis And nothing on this Planet can dissuade this They left me dehydrated by the Nile River naked but I made it with passion of a Microphone Patriot Music is my bread and butter, why should I suffer My publicist said she could get me the TIME LIFE cover the spin off from the Press should be able to feed you But I declined 'cause I'm familiar what greed can do, 210 I can not lose or win I would only like to be remembered as the dark skinned Lizard King Into the bottomless pool of Poetry I plunge Let it be said, let it be written, let it be done Publicly coming forward with my metaphors to share about the space serpents flying around in the troposphere Poet Laureate Infinity I WILL FOREVER BE THE ILLEST LYRICALLY! Poet Laureate Infinity Poet Laureate Infinity Poet Laureate Infinity THIS NEVER BEEN DONE BEFORE IN HISTORY! [Vocal 3] I spit at a thousand KIPS - Kilo tons of Pressure every letter is measured in such a way you will remember December, 21st 2012 is the code it was placed on the Sun Stone to puzzle them Starting with some numbers, the code crackers start crunching I better have some results by the months end Really , Deep Blue computes deeply and does it What is the answer to Universe? Read me the numbers In the summer the Polar Manitoba's melted by lava a team of ER doctors climbed aboard the chopper My skull is a submarine hull I empty the ballast tanks I could smell the shit from the sea gulls The Rear Admirable participated in battle every war, and at least half of my crew were injured every tour We thought close support from the Navy Carriers and Air Force would give us all what we needed, we were wrong Canibus is notably known Globally my verbal sorcery somehow talks to the beat Lyrically you not ready, dress right dress not messy, my muscle memory make me bomb squad steady you can't contend with this when I let it rip Eyes, ears, nose & throat specialist Professor Bis The sublime chakra one thru nine thru the spine induce the rhyme Internal fire produces the high Recite 33 3's 33 times for 24hrs, 21 thousand Nautical miles ahead of my lifetime I write and recite rhymes Deja Vu in the booth is the truth, when you apply it, 20 devine design, a miracle of Metallurgy every clergy member from Mecca who heard of me worshipped me From the shores of Normandy to the Turkish streets To the bluest oceans glowing on the Persian beach Nuclear Biological Chemical emergency I purchase the beat then mix my spit with the mercury The DJ grabs the acetate out the crate Mix the dub plate, the BPMs fluctuate Nobody can hold me back, my flow bloviates to a spiritual shape as I co-create rap, 30 Cold callous chronic chemical imbalance smoking a chalice in the Rabbit hole with Alice The target appears in brackets, I attack it access then egress then quit this rap shit Commander of the symphony when man meets ministry finishing my Archeogenetic Rap Facility they can't battle me so they'd rather embarrass me by being mad at me they commit microphone heresy I am still the Master as handsome as my unborn Grandson, Rip The Jacker call me grandpa, 40 as odd as it may seem the microphone fiend is God of the Hip Hop regime Planet Rock Supreme Kill you with green Lasers, evaporated weed vapour, Electromagnetic Scalar Then something they call a Maser "That is not dead which can eternally lie and with strange aeons even death may die" Meteors fall from the sky, The Mars God looks at my eyes controlling my heart, controlling my mind Oh Lord, Tell me what to do, Tell me oh Lord I have mastered the art of rhyming I am so bored, 50 My pain my joy my thoughts I've passed them on thru songs Respond to me and I will answer to your call Emotion manifests Thought, Thought manifests Words Actions & Reality That's how it has to be In front of me, on both sides and in back of me I hear them talk about battling me in the whispering gallery The chain of command blames the unseen hand The Galactic Plane has a Galactic Plan I look up in the sky to see if God is judging me suddenly I feel Fatima and Medjugorie come to me, 60 sitting down at the mixing board/round/banquet table comfortably they begin to study me, by showing me worlds I would love to see My body did not melt beyond the Van Allen Belt I was transformed into a spirit with no shell I could move about freely, I rose & I fell The coldness of heaven is like the coldness of hell Metaphoric Sun Worship, pulling me with planet like inertias words blinking like the text edit cursor my sentences are sometimes too sensitive to make sense of it layer upon layer upon layer unedited, 70 You lazy & you wanna' be the best? You crazy! The Best Train EVERYDAY of the week Propulsion system is gravity driven, white hot thermal external vision, Every lyric got a wormhole in it Saint Germaine is real, Germaine is a sage for real My sigil is the double headed eagle seal Normal life is not real, we are cogs in a wheel we work we hurt we search we feel The microphonist that utilizes the study of Conics circular motion in both the para- and the hyperbolas, 80 Tiger Woods knows this, everytime he plays golf he shows this A true master at the masters in focus In my time of need, I am not alone I was told in a dream by Cthulhu from his tomb Try to hurt me, I'll murder you, lay you down vertical made your life purposeful, germinated the earth with you My black goggles, are covered with Bat Guano I'll hang from the ceiling and watch you, act hostile I'll pop you Rap Music and those who listen to it don't owe me nothing I don't want nothing from you, not even your judgement, 90 The Philosophic maverick the massive knowledge magnet underwater sea lilies are the source of my magic Matricidal motherfucker homicidal hustler Filibuster, never been a Wikipedia lover If I were you I wouldn't waste time reading that rubbish it might turn you into a media puppet, but fuck it Leviathan divides the suspect zero sign therefore I rhyme for all time Metaphor and Rhyme is poetry by design but poetry continues outside the timeline, 100 Unnatural battle ability, the enemy tried to imprison me but they would've been better off killing me theoretically Shiaperrelli has mentored me With motifs of illuminated speech and wizardry Over The Horizon Radar Rhymes Patent number 4686605 Sound pours out of the ground across the land Jethro Tull was mauled by the God called Pan Creative writing and rhythm, grammar and composition don't ignore me, ignore the fool who tells you not to listen, 110 to you it shouldn't sound like I'm quitting cause I'm not if I am to continue it's up to Hip Hop Weary of body and mind, tired of swimming against the tide why swim or walk when I can glide? Zero Gravity exercising, requires expert timing, for Sky Diving My call sign is Flying Wing an impossible profession St. Germaine was made to explain the lesson with a 1000 Bar message Now you may go You have graduated, now you may know tell the world exactly what you were shown, 120 Sho nuff, sesame street poems brought to you by Sears Roebuck Countdown 48 more months Does it amaze me? "NO!" Does it phase me? maybe a little yo gotta' find a way to generate doe Promoter won't pay me what I want for a show why do it for free when I'm worth my weight in gold? Mind Body & Soul inseparable, incredibly proto plasma recycles the matter perpetually Hip Hop became boring, lyrics seem more like a vestigial organ but they should be more important, 130 the diaphragm, the thymus activate the latent powers that reside inside us with 13 chakras You get the Guantanamo Bay, The Alcatraz Way You heard what I say? These pigs gotta' pay! I steady my approach, this supposed to be a NO FLY ZONE Black Sheep Squadron with strobe light hoes The Hurricanes eye's open Gale winds blowing, Moses on a row boat floating in the ocean I figured out, how to save water in a drought If we save the right amount I know we can make it out 140 the ever expanding mind commanding body do you copy? the Quantum biology biopsy My austere designs are so ahead of their time even when you press rewind your still left behind Father Author Poor Pauper, breaths to draw Prana in a yoga pose tryna get close to yo mama Your ear cartilage has been targeted, The bombing will commence Don't be a bitch nigga you started it On the Sabbath I write preplanning for the Planet drawing mathematics, suspended in space as holographics, 150 Scientifically Quantifiable megalomaniacal viable style it's like trying to ride a Bull The lyrical inimical is miserable because I've built a citadel of syllables that made me invincible Am I a mad man or a mason? A Patriot or a Pagan West Coasting in a 64 with Rose Gold Daytons the propulsion system matrix is poorly calibrated I'm waiting on the parts special order replacements Battle rap is just aimless entertainment 2nd round K.O. was one of they favourites, Fuck all the haters 160 My luck was crushed, I felt like they fronted my heart kept pumping, I had to do something I turned the page, wrote a turn of phrase Verbal X-Rays, they say "I don't burn I blaze" Don't look at it like winning or losing, in '98 it was amusing But Poet Laureate is my New Shit! Time keep on slipping the Ripper keeps ripping but right now my image stands still in a prism my light reflects like a mirror, I choose to share it The Precession of Earth is nearing, I'm preparing 170 Assessment and Planning things, should I put mustard on these sandwiches, a fathers job is so challenging My pupil size increase, constriction and velocity decrease You can't Emcee take a seat What are you building Bis? Is it a flying Silver Disk? If you ever leave you'll be missed I tear thru the Galactic drift, I travel 10 digits in 10 minutes Now that's some shit! You think that's fast? Nah.... That's faster than you think, By the time you blink, the whole Universe shrinks A word to the wise, try to keep your eyes in the skies, 180 and try to keep your ears on my rhymes A magic reminder that the fire will not expire Pyrus Sidonious gives me energy when I'm tired The Sun is so bright my eyes hurt, I'm forced to look downward Now I see inside the Earth I Thank Mother Gaia for bearing us green grass but it won't last we're killing her with greenhouse gas You said "the best shouldn't have to ask for respect" is that correct? Yes could you please speak up, I SAID YES! 190 I hold Hip Hop responsible Every magazine writer that wrote bullshit in their articles Gone 'til November? I'll be gone forever I made these bars so you could ALL remember the illest MC to put it all on the line my career was crucified but I'm still alive Sky scraper spaceships, wide crater dry lake beds "resistance is futile" they said I bear clutch the pen, my girlfriends jealous again so intimate when I write it's a sin, 200 My electromagnetic rap flytrap there's no way Earth you can get around that this is a no brainer, stop the complaining If Hip Hop is dead I'm here to save it pages upon pages everything I've created  the bar was below basic, I had to raise it I did it for my Fathers, I did it for my Mothers and my Brothers I did it for the world to discover My poetry is peaceful, aggressive but regal progressive to the people, I hope the words reach you 210 Dr. Watson and Crick found an 3rd strand in the DNA helix so your not what you think Metronome Man will never take commands from the drum The beat is my slave and it will behave as I want Cheers! I spill beer on my bear skin chairs I shed tears I loved Hip Hop all these years Poet Laureate Infinity I WILL FOREVER BE THE ILLEST LYRICALLY! Poet Laureate Infinity Poet Laureate Infinity Poet Laureate Infinity THIS NEVER BEEN DONE BEFORE IN HISTORY! [Vocal 4] Nobody do it better, there ain't a truer Ripper I did this separate imagine what we could do together Inspired by GOD, inspired by the suffering was it done by a prophet? It must of been, who was it then Rip The Jacker, hot but cold blooded many utter the name but very few love him 33 is the number that enlightens the Brothers insight to the fullest, that could brighten the dullest The ramifications are awesome, what should we call it? I call it my unacknowledged special access project My skull is a submarine hull in a cave below ground with a painting of Cthulhu on the wall Necronomicon grimoires, open the doors the vortex that reaches from here to beyond,10 The power to control thoughts however remotely through a term I'd like to call "Pulse Detonation Poetry" The results from SETI, very interesting I briefed the committee they told me to stop the testing My team was credited, we turned over the evidence but not before I could leverage it, for promotion to President Cover me, 8 point sighting device for the eyes FIRE!!! Transition if you go dry Close your eyes, ritualize, spit your rhymes without trying you can shift your mind Canibus altered the sequence nucleotides Neuropetides only get high off mature Wine Start timing, Atomic Clock keeps time perfectly, 20 Mrs. Guutoff my band teacher always would work me Polyester pants, big fat ass I loved that woman so much, I paid attention in class My Spanish teacher Mrs Booker had an ass too Why am I talking about this to you? One day this will be known for now I must wait I still love them both, and I never forget a face at the time I used my Beta waves more than my Theta waves Then there was greater way I learned at a later date The rate of learning began burgeoning and wouldn't let up, 30 Mommy noticed my vocabulary I developed Telencephalon olfactory lobes I had to practice when a woman has her period I smell it on the mattress It got to be difficult for any woman to live with me I know my history, but what could that mean specifically? The story of Bruce Lee, I died in my sleep I was weak, it happens with every girl that I meet A Clairvoyant Technique using X-Ray refraction, Not only can I see into the future I can see past it, 40 But I don't know what it means I pass the DataStream along to my team they say it's more than a dream Killing caused by poisonous vapours, Lasers, Tasers, Masers Electromagnetic Scalars "That is not dead which can eternally lie and with strange aeons even death may die" Listen to the rhymes, the rhymes equal pie If I had a piece of the pie I could buy Dubai Rip The Jacker was born, the bow was drawn spit a 100 bars before you could run 100 yards, 50 I seen a mushroom to the north, from my porch it was odd, every dog in the neighbourhood barked you wanna stand there and talk? the blast wave gonna' tear more than your roof off, nigga C'mon! It is my understanding, that when I'm high I'm channelling But when I'm out with the family I am animal handling Observe a man who has a third DNA strand or a 5th or a 6th, this is way more advanced I remove the veil from in front of me, suddenly the roots of my discovery uncovered skulduggery, 60 I am not innocent, but you cannot punish me cause I know what the world wants to see, tragedy What is Germaine determined to ascertain for his self? Few of the same elk have known what I felt there's a Proverb that goes "One should know thyself" before one can know the world so I showed myself The unidentified submersible, looked like a giant turtle half circle Yo, I need to stop smoking purple requested selected elected, but that's only impressive to the experts who know how to manipulate my message, 70 You lazy and you wanna be the best? I repeat Don't talk about consciousness when you are consciousless and weak If I die and YOU happen to wake up, I'm still alive please explain my complete life story to my children Photo stills of the cryospill Solarized film revealed there was a biofield Fuck a record deal, my training is real Look at the sword I wield, you will taste my steel Phase I, sign the MOU, pursue more voters There's three more phases that I think you should know, 80 Phase II, build the force, Phase III, sustain Ops Phase IV, transition of Border Patrol Cops Do, Re, Mi, Fa, Sol, La, Si-Do these are the tones that will activate the ohms no telling if it will bring out the best or the worst in you It would be a miracle if I was merciful Are you food for the moon? Or are you in the mood for doom? furniture moves when I walk into a room STRYKER BRIGADE Driver, sometimes I was GUNNER Check points required all the concentration I could muster, 90 Special Weapons And Tactics, Professional Assassin I don't know what he does for a living ask him I kneel before Congress and beg for money submitting specifics about the operation I'm running you gotta' love it, what was it called? The G8 Summit "Never heard of it", no details are public the relative radiance of the rhyme makes it shine increasing the star wattage with longer cycle time Yeah, I bust the rhymes but I customize the lines and by the looks of things I did it just in time, 100 I marched from the Halls of Montezuma to Tripoli physically this mission objective is killing me I submit to the will of the creator willingly The possibilities present a probable infinity I looked into LL's eyes we both cried Meteors immediately fell from the skies I've apologized but I can't change who I am I can change future, can't budge the past Them pretty ass lyrics is for bitches with acrylic only fake niggaz catch feelings over silly shit, 110 SPORTS locked and loaded, zero you in from the pillbox Williams! How many kills you got? the uniforms match so we all look the same from the sky they only time they notice the difference is when we die Is dying a wise thing? What about trying? What about our family members back home crying? man made weapons Star Ship Captain etc George Lucas showed me a full size replica We circled for a fly over in a black KIOWA 5 soldiers including me and a pilot called Noah he passed over a top secret dossier folder half opened, 120 I noticed the words MOSES and CONUS MOSES is a new weapon system secret code CONUS is the continent of the US, I suppose the jump light lit up, Master Chief said "Let's Go!" All right men this is what we train for Williams you gotta go first, "if you say so, HALO", High Altitude Stay Low Gale Winds blowing, this might be the death of me The AIRBORNE unit in the back of me jumped out next to me Gold chords from the organ cut down your swordsman tell everybody to shut the fuck up when I'm talking, 130 [not in current version: fuel mix rich, human hydrogen slush the rhymes are too Christ Complex like for them,] The 1000 Bar race at an unrelenting pace Just in case Humans ever get to World War 8 Do you believe in fate? Then how do you know? When you finally get there, where will you go? This ain't no joke, you think I'm joking Everything frozen, melted, destroyed, broken Only the chosen find a way out Everybody move out! Stay off the main route, 140 Satellites watch me they think they got me right hands turn left shoulders around but it's not me Atmospheric Re-entry a flying sighting, looked like lightening striking blind, what it struck was frying comparative image sharpness between all artists I don't think you know what you're about to get involved in I'll give a quadrillion dollars to be a partner if you are still worshipping money, you are Godless Sulphuric Nitric Acid eats through the Labyrinth The foundation is cracking, we must take action, 150 Basic Instruction Before Leaving Earth B.I.B.L.E. I take shelter in an old Missile Silo Hip Hop is blackened pot placed next to a kettle with my logo in it, a rigid rehomogenized metal Millions of you are unfamiliar with what I'm saying? discuss it with your Chemistry Professor he will praise it Tri Quad Quintangulate where did the signal originated? Try to find out more information The internal atheist outside the MATRIX Sophia Stewart offered me a pill and said "take this", 160 She asked me if I was followed, I told her I wasn't I didn't know the spy that sold me out would be my own cousin "A populace uniformed is a populace of slaves" Washington didn't say it quite that way But it's something like that, you get the point I'm assuming Poet Laureate Exclusive New Shit! the message said "We should meet somewhere clandestine" Professor keep heading East to the Best Western Do not loose your bearings, keep checking your direction "Start Session point 666 arc seconds" 170 The budget is huge, I have doubts about spending it concerning Cyclotronic Resonance, patents are pending it Canibus aka "The Spitzberg Beast" Gave his Bicentennial Speech on Emerald Peak You'll need a first aid kit for the verse I spit I am cautiously meticulous but artfully brisk A change is beginning every molecule is spinning lyrics imitate the art, art imitates lyrics, can you hear it? Signals bounce back and forth like a mirror with flawless error, like that forever Surface the air radar tells me where they are, 180 are they far? I patiently watch the sweep arm We can find them but they can't find us just below Mach 3 the rhymes ionizes I'm hooked on Hip Hop, I can't live without it you can mix this song a thousand ways I don't doubt it The daughters of man locked in prison camps with the sons of mothers that are too weak to dance At least we notice damage, what do we expect The coming super storm is gonna wipe us off the map 190 But that is not possible, that's sounds completely illogical You must've been kicked the fuck out of school Always remember the Reptilian agenda "No Pulse Rendered" in the earthquake's epicentre I found fluoride in my water supply at the time I felt a total apathy towards dying the ungrateful dead reoccurring images playing in my head I was told to memorize what I was said "With this salt I consecrate this water may whatever it touch receive Hallowed LIGHT from THEM" "With this sacred water I consecrate this Talisman so that 200 it will make ME POET LAUREATE" otherwise I'll be so depressed, oh well no regrets, I been toe to toe with the best, I KNOW the LEDGE I accept all cultures colours creeds and races Life is Life no taxonomical classification No corruption no disruption no destruction no budget no nothing It's never that easy you just gotta trust it A leader I feel beleaguered to teach the truth the Youth will refuse to follow if they don't believe you, 210 there is strength in numbers there are numbers in strength Nothing good comes from hatred, Love's the missing link Even if I am in a minority of one the truth is still the truth no matter how it's spun My mind is prepared, Hip Hop is impaired If you disagree with me then yours isn't there. [Vocal 5] I rock rhymes for your pleasure, you listen at your leisure I only record it once you listen to it forever The fish hook stuck in your jaws, the feedback was not positive human Hominids fishing for compliments Started with a nugget, the budget snowballed into something above ground running not underground covered Breath easy, regulate the pace see if they love it The Poet Laureate puppet with a message from "THE OTHERS" The aura describes the forces I'm too involved to divorce it, my internal compass points me northward My skull is a submarine hull, calling whales with whale song creating basketball size hailstorms Water World under water war protected by the Jericho wall with surface permutation of the permafrost My war birds are grounded, their wings have been burned off I'm not concerned though, it's only the first lost,10 Poetry Poetry Poetry Poetry Poetry Poet Laureate infinity now you know it's me Yeti riding a Triceratops with Elephant netting Attending Black Widow weddings dressing in gossamer webbing Pretending, experimenting, they call me a heretic A derelict cherubim seraphim protecting America Height, weight, eye colour, skeletal structure was designed I circle my flight instructors in the skies as they fly 22 times, to show them I have plenty new rhymes Poet Laureate will prove it to you all in due time Don't be upset with Canibus yet, the kid just want respect You been a success but what do he get? Politics and Perjury bring out the worst in me, 20 But I don't take it personally, even though it's hurting me The key maker turns the key, those observing me keep cursing me they aren't worthy of a word from me I spit the truth Rip the mic Rip the booth Rip you too Rip the Jacker is proof I Ripped through It drives me insane when a woman wears lace the current gene structure is 46 pair based her heart rumbling and thundering like Captain Nicole Malachowski from an airbase, on a clear day Ok I'm a pervert, It's time to fess up, 30 I might be looking for a leg up, but I won't touch Closet sadomasochist sexual pacifist I like to role play but I only play masculine Victory over injury a victim to misery The myriad of my metaphors make me a mystical mystery I'm a giant in the industry just over 5 ft Even my photo ID don't look like me [the adverse disparity conflicts with clarity,] The NASA contractor with a satchel of answers I passed up the Nobel Peace Prize for my passion, 40 Democracy Rules Everything Around Me, D.R.E.A.M. Another fucking acronym, just what I need Killing me with phrases that were designed to put me into dazes As worthless as my junk mail is "That is not dead which can eternally lie and with strange aeons even death may die" The Squid Faced God is difficult to describe Those of weak heart and mind shouldn't even try In a town near Kadam and Kakrak Jahlalabad I pray in a hut constructed from Sago Palm, 50 Astoria Oregon Fisherman Poets got lost Looking for Paradise, it only exists in the heart 'Cause emotion manifests Thought, Thought manifests Words Actions and Reality But what is attracting me? The overseer of poetic antiquity The Victoria and Albert Museum kept them for me Pythagoras, Dionysus, Loki and Pan They have enlightened me thru song to understand The multiplex meshing multiple messages is too much for me Truly there is too much to see, 60 I'll mix one for you, then one for me I'll mix some for the street, mix 'til my thumbs bleed A stationary pulley drawing from a wishing well The Genie gave me more than three because I listen well conflicted and confused but completely compelled to celebrate my birthday alone in the year 2012 I hope I am not alone, that would be terrible If I am celebrating then that would be a miracle in a newly ordered world living in shit no matter how good or poor your English is, 70 You lazy and you wanna be the best? You crazy! Poet Laureate is reserved for the name G e-r-m-a-i-n-e, Will I am, the name that my mother gave me the world came to know me as Sir William the man of steel with a Smallville build with the illest  Some of my thoughts align with Einstein himself I wanna know God's thoughts too, the rest are details Lyrical Fitness is no secret of course but The secret to creativity is hiding your sources Preserve the sanctity of the Soldiers in IRAQ, 80 Do not blame them and hold their humanity hostage Pray for the families that want them home Pray for the families abroad that have lost their homes Who have lost their faith, who have lost their hope Who have lost their point, who have lost their own Yo! calm the fuck down, I shouldn't have to curse at you [Chow time, green eggs and ham for food,] Hydrate as much as possible, drink a lot of juice Fucking bummer, no armour inside the Hummer Gotta hug a motherfucking sandbag for cover, 90 Now I'm self employed, still gotta pay taxes Cashless, bankrupt, ain't got no assets from the gutter to the gallows no media coverage 'Cause I don't want it, that's why I'm rarely seen in public President Poetry, the popular obedient Pundit that's right, you can take this job and shove it I dictate a scribe that causes the court stenographer to die brewing hot tea with honey and lime How is my driving? Run you off the road smiling 1-800-RoadRage, Start dialling, 100 The snake will grow feet and stampede you to your defeat You are weak, you lied to us all in your speech Symbiotic indeed, the host bleeds parasites attach to feed fulfilling antiquated needs Rock climbed the slope shaped like a stop sign In record clock time, Hot Lava lock rhymes rock slide topside How does one ever really perfect such a craft? You're obliged by your curiosity to ask Cubism and Futurism writing amusing lyrics My opinion of your opinion is you can't be serious, 110 Test driving my principle findings By designing a new style of rhyming you can take home and try out A 100 Bars per hour sometimes I doubled the writing secret signature timing was the hardest part to figure out Agonizing, the pain of the migraine biting my brain and everything inside it I can't explain but I'm trying I heard this before, I can't remember who said it We hear from 1000 to 20 thousand cycles per second Straight out the freak show no pre show Limited oxygen when I rhyme fast you breath slow VFR stands for Visual Flight Rules by the Book, 120 You should know this even though it concern the showbiz Because when in Rome........Walk as a Roman Obviously you can see you've made the wrong choice Fraternize but don't do it in the wrong tone of voice A bad boy with bad toys made from new alloys Readapted from a crashed asteroid My shelter is not far, you can borrow what you need The bunker doors sequestered beneath the tall tumble weeds After the Matrix, Agent Smith continued his movement the same bullshit, that humans are major pollutants, 130 Assemble the Gatlin gun, spin it see if it spun Weapons check correct, I'm done - next one My rap room is an 8 by 14 underground base Hyper cube microphone booth in a vacuum of space Extraterrestrial Isotopic ratios A broke Scientist in his Lab with no place to go All these conscious rappers ain't saying nothing Matter fact they have no constituent function Mix this record different, You'll hear me call names out it's played out but there must be alternative routes, 140 The Geneva Protocol Advocates are so sloppy A human being is not anybodies property Reading body language in a Zero Gravity environment is much easier said than done, if your trying it Attending the Opera with a Pompous Ego Monster I can barely take my eyes off her big old knockers integrated in an existing clothing ensemble My Saratoga Suit is Military Garment The Quarantine Isolation Unit is where I house it My team and I salvage the work of Dr. Fritz Albert, 150 If the prototype works, there's no telling what I will do I'll have to get a new Plane a new Pilot and a Crew Creatively I have never been to this level First I'll put you in a sideways 8, then a pretzel Password please have patience verification I repeat, "What's Your Character String Verification?" Infrared spectral observation from the Space Station Before you take a break, I'll need you to list and name them Dock the Kliper Craft at the preliminary designation Tracing the Detection of Submicron Radiation, 160 Do not leave the Orbital Boom Sensor System running I heard something called nothing that the Cosmonauts were coming The rhymes are in place, General George Case and Peter Pace said we had absolutely no time to waste Next time we meet this whole song will be a new mix For all the Rippers out there who need a new fix My Father is Jamaican, My Mother is British Raised to be civic, in the household we spoke Yiddish ELF 100 cps, Elephant Hearing I'm heading for the clearing, Storm Clouds appearing, 170 On the back of an Elephant with advanced intelligence Like Nikola Tesla, shit!, damn that's a smart Elephant Cease fire breach, riot and loot for 3 weeks, don't you see Broke niggas never promote peace Susan Malveaux will interview the polygamist Mr. Bis Undisclosed in his home by the cliffs I rip shit consistent spit persistent The sickness, spit with conviction, promote lyrical fitness I'm lost...... What version is this? Mozart with a flowchart putting together parts of an unknown art, 180 but coming from my own heart Burning a disk, initializing, rhyming and visualizing Reaching 1000 Bars and climbing Martial Law Research, an all expense paid trip to the dirt several miles deep underneath the Earth The Boston Visionary Cell designed my new Lab Paul Laffoley engineered a magnificent draft Extraordinary men, who meet to review and recommend I attend the Gubernatorial that never ends, 190 We just got a SASO, we call this one the Black Hole I'm glad I'm the last to go Zionism the answer to your uncensored question Guy de Rothschild and his bloodline brethren Playing the guitar singing folk songs, speaking my mind Nobody could really understand the reason I rhyme Infrared direct hit, target bled, proceed to inject the syringe with meds that subsequently pinch your leg You feel like your an inch from being dead but you alive instead, you're really dead your just living in my head,200 Fire for effect, smoke out then rest Give me a wedge formation, roll out like this I will spare no sin, walk in with a scarecrow grin, looking crazy cause that's what you made me Classified payloads with no frequency safe modes, no safety And I still made time for the ladies Ceiling visibility unlimited a lyricist river fish surrounded by nigga shrimp I'm a killer pimp Somebody Hip Hop don't need me Nigga I grew up in D.C., I love Lil' Weezy, 210 Me and Baby got the same name We probably got the same blood in our veins, liquid propane At the top of the Temple Mount Mosque I look at the Sun I just a few words for everyone Everybody bow your heads and say this prayer From this moment HIP HOP IS UNITED EVERYWHERE Poet Laureate Infinity I WILL FOREVER BE THE ILLEST LYRICALLY! Poet Laureate Infinity Poet Laureate Infinity Poet Laureate Infinity THIS NEVER BEEN DONE BEFORE IN HISTORY! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Canibus Album: Melatonin Magik Song: Melatonin Magik (Intro) Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash "Need some help? No I'm enjoying myself, thank you!" Melatonin is the hormone that regulates every other hormone system in the body And when we mix up our nights and days it screws up our appetites, it makes us eat more it puts us at risk for a whole lot of diseases including hypertension, and heart disease and diabetes, and cancer Melatonin is impossible to stop its creation process Even when you leave the earth, it will carry on creating for you creating for you and serving you This is where all conscious mind, comes into picture so your subconcious mind creates everything that you need So we have a monster in our midst (melatonin) Everyone's had some illusive dreams, pineally, melanin All these things, but when you (melatonin) you make an effort towards this, it goes to a whole different level (Melatonin) So my giant mind is always jumping all over the place on what it's going to say next Basically it's not a good idea You're going down a road that's going to lead to destruction Bask and submit to the power, the power that powers all of this They can't allow this to happen (mm-hmm) Right now what we are discussing is a part of our evolution whether we, whether we know it or not An idea to go to another level melanin spiritually is for it to sit in the brain, to go forward into the mind Keep creating, you see what I'm saying And that's cause cause cause change is supreme When you, when you put more focus on it Knowing that with more effort in your thought It goes to a whole different level, than random acts To sum it all I don't, ah this is all I do, umm Because if I had melatonin, God oh lord he got a whole lot of knowledge How does he do this? Well if I worked and did somethin else I would split my, concentration in half - y'know And as a result y'know you would get dischordant information If people who study, the ancient mystics know that the earth is heating up and they know that certain things is happening, we are evolving as a species So what they do is, they make us scared of that {*overlapping dialogues*} Look there! See what you made me do? The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Canibus Album: Melatonin Magik Song: Melatonin Magik Typed by: DPGWestSide42@yahoo.com [Canibus] This is Melatonin Magik... Sumerian, Chinese, Egyptian, Latin Nobody can match Canibus when I'm rappin (what happened?) Captain Cold Crush get it crackin Theres more than one person right now thats not laughin Squash microphones wit unknown chromosomes To discover the codes that controls the brain's frontal lobes The pineal gland glows (go! go! go!) Don't look back, I got ya back bro He's a high profile target, code name Sergeant Armpits He was Rakim Allah's first artist Lemme bus' em; naw, I'ma punish em, Ra I'ma show you how the mothafuckin government lie Got nothin to do with pride, you must realize Few of us will be alive by Solar Cycle 25 I tried to look for solutions, thats not enough time They won't be satisfied til every one of us die Aight, calm the fuck down and listen to my rhymes the only way that you can free yourself is your mind First thing you gotta do is put the antagonism behind Then you gotta put ya life on the line The reward is great; the risk? Even greater Fellowship can only make a Braveheart braver Watch who you followin, watch who you praisin "Yes We Can" backwards is "Thank You Satan" YES I'm Jamaican; YES I'm a patriot NO I will not forsake you for a paycheck YES this is victory, YES i can taste it NO I'm not a Mason, I'm followin my trainin They monitor my body functions from central London My heart rate is thumpin, I suffer from numbness A robot arm shoves the drugs in My scrubs are disgustin and sullen, I smell like cub skin Funky, funky, funky odor; Bridgewater, South Dakota My spit fizz like soda, I'm in a coma In a pagoda, nurse McLovin Says she wouldn't fuck me if I was her husband Dont trust the bitch Im in a warehouse alone I hear doors open and close,  No phone, no intercom controls Wouldn't matter anyway Im in a paranormal zone Goose bumps grow, I could hear a few ghosts moan I'm a mastermind, tryin to amplify the frequency of the rhyme So I can learn to fly So yeah, fuck a punchline I'm past that prime, that's not a crime So go find someone else to dick ride Focus on the truth, its long overdue It woulda never happened if I told you what I wanted to do The Inconvenient Truth is a convenient truth 012 solar cycle 24 commin soon I promise you Canibus achieved the impossible It's only logical its time for the truth Whether I'm gonna be around to witness it or not I spit this shit for hip-hop Twitter niggas type their hype they write Canibus smash the mic Cause you cant blackball the light They know my hands always been tied You call that a fight? Give me the mic I call in an airstrike Nowhere to run, nowhere to hide There's some things in this worls that money can't buy Respect, honor, fuck it, it's all corrupted The media can not be trusted You shouldn't need a budget, to rep hip-hop You don't have to suck dick just to get your shot Just work with what you got Don't be a robot, be human Influenced by hip-hop music It aint nothin like It aint nothin like It aint nothin like hip-hop music It aint nothin like It aint nothin like It aint nothink like hip-hop music 50 plus bars is some new shit Its called Melatonin Magik and music 50 plus bars is some new shit Its called Melatonin Magik and music No bullshit Take it back to 1997 exclusive clue shit The most intrusive MC in hip-hop music Lyrically you can't do shit The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Canibus Album: Melatonin Magik Song: Kriminal Kindness Typed by: DPGWestSide42@yahoo.com [Canibus] Yo, I've been dealing with hate since 1998 I punished the industry by dominating mixtapes None of ya'll can stop the onslaught of those bars Rainfall and fireballs fell from the stars The speech pattern of God, I ripped off weak rappers jaws Whoever ignored lyrical law Hip Hop didn't understand it at all They couldn't manage my thoughts So I retreated to the land of the lost Don't talk about beats talk about bars Canibus so raw that rejection is your only response Give a fuck if I sell one unit 'Cause that was never the motivation for me to do this, stupid I've already proved it Now I must prepare for my posthumous interview with the vampire Druids That are coming to relieve me of my fluids Believe me I'm the truest, thats why they can't stop my music [Professor Griff] The coming casteless slave society Obviously the government lied to me The Illumanti's kidnap of Hip Hop is plain to see Dead or alive you heard it from the Can-I-B [Canibus] Yo, I will not forsake the light, you can not force me to fight I will always pay the ultimate price Whether I am wrong or whether I am right I've been a martyr all of my life, my archetype talks to the mic I eat emcees on behalf of Iron Mike I'm a fireball of the night, an extra-terrestrial airstrike Call me on Skype tonight, we can talk if you like I denounce fear like Steven Greer and his wife The subject matter sound barely connected Even when it's understood it's rarely respected The evidence is staring directly at the detective Alex Jones left me a message saying I won't be accepted NOW who's the skeptic The Melatonin Magik Deception I will never be available for questions, get the fuck out my session I've learned my lesson, media suppression is a weapon They fucked up Hip Hop's progression [Professor Griff] Yes Melatonin Magik, Melatonin Magik, Melatonin Magik, Melatonin Magik [Canibus] How many emcees must get dissed, before somebody whispers don't fuck with Bis My Survival Skills surpass Kris, watch this You got a rap for every emcee? GO GET IT THEN! Why you dick ride Def Jam, they not your friend? Make your mind up, I thought you was not with them Fucking comedy, speaking on flawed philosophy You'll never give props to Keith, Or Canibus for Undergods release Go right ahead, dismiss it, We ain't submissive, we spit lyrical lyrics I got the right of to live off it, I live it And I'mma voice my opinion, can't nobody make me think different My spirit feels like it's in a prison I speak on the music conspiracy but nobody wanna listen I talked about this shit years ago I told my family if they kill us don't be scared to go The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Canibus Album: Melatonin Magik Song: Hip-Hop Black Ops Typed by: DPGWestSide42@yahoo.com [Canibus] The Nephilium Pharaoh, the three thousand year old scarecrow Hang you from your nose on a square pole The squid faced rock beast with swamp croc teeth And a two headed parrot with a desert fatigue beak Step out the depths of Hell, exhale sceptic smells Decorate my bitch breasts with bells The arthropod tentacles controlled by mental vegetables Calculated correctitude down to the decimal Spectacles of doom and gloom and sonic booms Republicans ride brooms around nuclear mushrooms You are safe from the nuclear fallout Now you will crawl out into the hands of a monster now The best emcee turned his launch codes over to me On my command you will turn the key and we'll see You know nothing of discipline, you can never go where the Ripper's been The maze in those caves are infinite [Chorus x2: Canibus] Can't stop, won't stop, Hip Hop Black Ops The aftermath aftershock is a disaster in a box With a blue and red ribbon, your writtens were uploaded to the system The satellite showed me your position [Canibus] The text is a sick rep for Rippers The leaders have discovered we the sickest and they wanna sit with us Through the computer viewer cube like peritubular Project: Blueberry Fuscia, one of the two possible futures Revolution Ripper movement you can't stop it You can't change the outcome, stop resisting stupid I write what some would call marathon songs The music industry tried to banish long bars Your story is weak, your inventory's shorter than your feet Every week I slaughter seven beats I'm the 'Beast from the East' My title can't be touched nowhere on the street I hear a lot of emcees speak They fail to recognise that it ain't about beef I took it to the streets, I took it to the stage If I believe I am not the illest I'm insane [Chorus x2: Canibus] [Canibus] The vocal spitter serial killer Heads up display with a ticker and a pitcher and picture of the Ripper Neurotransmitters hooked up to his central nervous system It feeds him the purpose and the vision Jailbreak but not out of prison Internal hard drive spinning eighty-eight lyrics per minute For global transmission, the funky technician on a mission Strapped to a suicide written Inside my own mind scripting altruistic composition Musician, wisdom is God-given Anoint him with oil, anoint him with wine Anoint them both with Tesla coils if they quoin my rhymes I make things real, I make things that ain't, sound ill A very good screen writing skill My higher self is outside the realm where time is felt Inside Orion's Belt, get them The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Canibus Album: Melatonin Magik Song: The Dragon Of Judah Typed by: DPGWestSide42@yahoo.com [Canibus] Yeah, The Dragon of Judah Melatonin Magik producer Yeah, Mr. Magorium's metaphor emporium Vanglorious warriors with deep space euporia The Dragon of Judah executed the Lion from Narnia I'm still trying to build God's army up The pedagogy tried to call me a communist And pacify my audience, sprinkle them with zombie dust The isosceldren is a prison for a three headed demon, Hip Hop behemoth Knowledge is needed to argue with the followers of Jesus Rearranging impossible peices, my quantum is increasing I am sleeping in a posturpedic, deeply breathing Dreaming a chakra site-seeing, philosophically speaking I saw Ghandi weakening from now eating I saw police brutality beatings I saw the leaders getting into spaceships and leaving I tried to search for possible meanings But I couldn't see the logical reasoning Said survival of the species, no Macbook no PCs No electricity, no TV No emcee battles, no Christmas carols Just international ??? Brown produce consumed by sick cattle Bone thin mammals hooked up to intravenous vaccination panels Collecting contaminated skin samples This is not natural, God damn you! Everybody on the planet don't deserve that, not even the animals You are completely culpable for everything you're supposed to do Even if it's not known to you The weight of the language I spoke to you The weight of the letters and the words in the rhymes that I wrote for you Are so so emotional, I don't even know what to do So I'mma leave the choice up to you Dragon of Judah I spit like a supernatural computer Professor Bis, I'm with the Minister of Intelligence Hold me down Professor Griff [Professor Griff] Minds that produce minds that produce minds like mines [Canibus] Now everyone want to talk about conspiracy You should of took Channel Zero more seriously Professor Bis got a ghetto Ph.D in Chemistry Professor Griff taught me how to spit it lyrically Now I'm part of the Ministry Put my name on the blacklist 'Cause I don't dickride nobody in the industry Where's the fuckin' empathy? I've been through so much treachery Most of the best emcees disrespected me and tried to get the best of me Never tried to rescue me or help me with the reciepe What do they expect from me!? Stressin' me, questionin' me to address the beef I rep Hip Hop, Hip Hop don't rep me I never got a penny off that Beef DVD You mean all that money went to QD3? I should have slammed the door in his face If I was a different nigga, I'da been caught a criminal case The best word to describe what you do to Hip Hop is 'rape' 'Cause you don't care about Hip Hop's fate You sit around your tables and say grace Eatin' steak, while you live like kings and treat kings like apes For Michael Jackson money, and still on the take Even Tevin Campbell's money, the greed is so great You probably dance around your mansion, like Cirque Du Soleil Everything is paid for, you don't have to pro-rate I ain't hatin', I'm not hatin', I'm just sayin' You makin' money off the next man's struggle. Why you can't pay him? They made millions off them Beef DVDs But didn't pay K-Solo or Eazy E It's called Blaxploitation Another one of Canibus' paranoid statements that's why I'm famous I'm just tryin' to tell niggas how the game is Beef in Hip Hop is just aimless entertainment If I shoot you, I'm blameless, but if you shoot me, you famous Whats a nigga to do? Now ain't that the godamn truth No matter what Hip Hop always lose! Wake the fuck up The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Canibus f/ DZK, Warbux Album: Melatonin Magik Song: Post Traumatic Warlab Stress Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Canibus] I'm the black mutant of rap music, half-human half-Vladimir Putin After plasma transfusion I became Rasputin The master of translucence who lives in a green house Creatin green gas pollution, smokin hash from hookahs Before Lucifer sent me back to the future to smash computers Assassinate classes of students I spare those who show classic improvement Produce magic acoustics, supreme music using dreams so lucid I can visualize my future and chose it, I never abuse it I'm ruthless but Canibus is super illumines You know what? I read the blueprint Sometimes it seems like my +Eyes+ are +Wide Shut+ like Stanley Kubrick Mic Club the Curriculum II, I changed the name cause I ain't in business no more with you-know-who He stole money from Killah Priest too, his name rhymes with Clue I found out the same time as you You know what happens when you come from dishonest roots You put roots on me, I put roots on you "We live in a free country," that phrase is so fuckin funny We know freedom is based off the money Resources to hide behind lawyers, it must be lovely When nobody can touch your lunch meat We brainwashed, we can't get these white collar stains off Poor Bernard Madoff, belongs in the graveyard The stock market trade off, doesn't pay off We get laid off, the country spirals into chaos I'm no genius, I know enough not to trust FEMA Their vaccines give you eczema of the penis The Tuskegee Jesus, verses a sneaky Tuskegee Demon What you gon' do, when you see this? The oldest religions, the coldest magicians Transmittin live from Hell, with heat stroke symptoms Symbicort is a success for those short of breath Got to wait for the next check, cause I can't afford it yet DZK come slaughter the set, tell Warbux he got next Post Traumatic War Lab Stress [DZK] I always open wide like a great white, mouth full of steak knives Chewin through the sewer's main line 'til it drain dry And when you're waist high in waste, I make planned attacks on every last base camp in your wasteland I scheme for weeks and draft designs on how to craft my rhymes like a mastermind Whether young or past your prime, I'll eat you alive Ain't no motherfuckin reason to try, just die RRRAH~! Hope you're ready to run I'll cut the tongue out of my son just to stay number one No one'll ever sit on my throne except my clone replica who'll never be better than what they stole the genetics from Gangbang, the beats we slang language which alleviates your teenage angst and break cages Now we're runnin through the streets with our leash off Eatin all your stray pets shittin on your police cars Cause I'm a beast dog, you don't want no beef punk Hit you with a meat log bigger than a tree trunk I kick the shit that make you pee all on your jeans chump Clean up after my show, better bring a steam pump I fuckin breathe funk, ain't no fuckin Tic-Tac existin that's big enough to clean up this act, you're trippin You cannot begin to comprehend if you cross me the position you'll all be in This isn't battle rap, maggot, this is me with a battle axe swingin through your Cadillac imagine that You fuckin headless metal wreckage in the shattered glass I give a fuck about yo' backpack and faggot ass Dim those lights, I'm kimbo Slice on a mic But I don't lose none of my big pro fights I just bruise dudes twice my size and crews move When I maneuver through 'em smooth they know who's who I clear the room with a sonic boom and nuclear plume You should assume I ain't got a lot of provin to do I'm bring doom to musicians with a feminine groom Kanye West, best believe I'm lookin at you [Warbux] Call it ill by design, that's how to define us Cause in the Warlab believe we got it down to a science This is underground at its finest; the most talented rhymers around Shittin on all of you clowns and cowards who sign us So go ahead you'll have hell of a time Tryin to find a rapper with lines as compellin as mine You talkin 'bout a fellow with the will to confine himself to a cellar developin his rhymes for years that's still on his grind This is Melatonin Magik Y'all wet behind the ears like playin telephone with faggots So let em know, they spendin O's on cellulose and acid Cause heads'll roll, we send 'em home in yellow woven baskets The ninja rap star just explodes on the scene My blades'll cut up your back like a rowin machine It could get ugly if they don't intervene Cause I could make your life flash before your eyes like I'm throwin it beams I'm incoherent or so it would seem No I'm esoteric and don't care if you know what I mean, that's the spirit Cause its apparent if you took half of what passes for lyrics and compared them to mine, hip-hop should be fuckin embarrassed So did you really want to flow with the Gods? I'm too educated, haters couldn't cope with the odds See I studied Biggie and 'Pac, Hova and Nas Paganini and Bach, Beethoven and Brahms You are now in the presence of a master musician I craft my rap with the precision of a mathematician or a surgeon, performin a thoracic incision A magician escapin out of his shackles in prison Before you could even finish saying "Oh my God~!" I'll spit a motherfuckin verse to fill your whole iPod I'm a Rip the Jacker protege Motivated by the golden age of rap back in the older days The incredible little fellow with rhythm and timin on instrumentals The shit I said in a rhyme considered a federal crime like blowin off your head with a nine Anyone with a shred of intelligence could tell it's just ahead of its time I'm too sick, ain't even talkin 'bout the music Keep my fuckin name out of your mouth, need a toothpick? You a little confused like, "Who's this dude?" ("This is a W-A-R-B-U-Xclusive") The underdog, like back in the bible with Noah's arc to entrusted military titles to Joan of Ark to Napolean Bonaparte down to Rosa Parks And the medics attempting rescue, breathin on Owen Hart This fucker 'Bux is the shit So who really gives a fuck if he's bustin a clip in public drunk in the trunk of your whip The diabolical, alcoholical, comically pharmaceutically phenominal product of poppin pills And you are not as ill, check your doctor's bill I'm more dangerous in the streets than a toxic spill Yo this is fifty bars of sickness Consider it a Christmas gift to you 'Bis don't forget this The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Canibus f/ D12, DZK Album: Melatonin Magik Song: Air Strike (Pop Killer) Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash {*sound effects and Eminem dialogue for 36 seconds*} [D12] War Lab, call us haters all you want Fuck it call me a hater, full blown instigator Leavin niggaz on intubators breathin like Darth Vader I hate people that pack guns but they don't bust 'em Or bitches that come back to my room but they ain't fuckin Pistol clutchin, the Dozen, you heard it don't get is misconstrued Whatever we do'll hit the news once we get the tools [Eminem samples] You're an emcee and you mention my name in the wrong way, and you draw first blood, I'm comin [Canibus] You pushed D-12 to the side to sign Voltron 5 If Proof was alive, he'd be dying inside You ain't no hip-hop messiah, you a bitch cause you dissed Mariah Shit like that supposed to be private I'ma fry you on behalf of Mariah and Michael Put you back on them drugs, make you suicidal You can't shut the record down, nigga it's viral When you use the word nigga, just remember your idols [DZK] I got a question, I'm white, can I join D12? I'll sell you four million records then I'll tell you go to hell Leave Swifty in charge, then remove all the stars And make the group wish Bizarre shot pool in a bar An assault lawyer stop the beat, suing us all I really do hope you know who get involved Cause I'm a fan and I'll get you for a Nick Cannon dissin And you already know how fuckin sick Canibus is I hate a bitch-ass nigga just as much as I hate fags I love goin to war but I hate when they raise the flag These niggaz hittin the streets spittin venom on me Then start renegin the beef, I hate peace treaties Forever yo' enemy I increase beef as Amityville's finest Cause I don't believe in stoppin violence I'm a tyrant that'll snatch my respect and scram I use a uzi cause I hate a Tec when it jams I hate when dudes treat this like life a movie Usin rap as his excuse to do shit and they only move ki's in the booth I piss on niggaz hands, whoever's grown, patches and tombstones I hate 'em ass when I break into a home I'm barefaced, I clap your cat, ramsack it That's what I'm wearin black and I hate goin out the back So call me a hater, walkin detonator, I ain't afraid to stick this blade into your fade in front of spectators [more Eminem dialogue] You're an emcee, big small it doesn't matter No matter how big I get, I just want people to know [Canibus] You the devil in a red dress on MTV You signed more black people than a basketball team What you tryin to say subconsciously? You can't rock the beat like me Consciously you know I rock you to sleep Slim Shady you a coward cause you scared to rap with me The only black man you respect is 50 And the greatest rapper of all time was dead right You "Dead Wrong," you shouldn't have even been on that song [DZK] He fell off so hard this faggot broke his accent I'm flippin through the channels seein Bruno get his ass sniffed And I'm disgusted man, what the fuck is wrong with you? Why'd you date Mariah? Mariah's not a fuckin dude You never even saw her nude and you busted two Must have been thinkin 'bout your stepdad touchin you But that ain't nothin new, I asked your ugly crew They verified it, so bitch quit lyin [Canibus] I remember the first time we met, I ain't even liked you Walkin around my video set like you was in high school It must excite you seein black people being tribal That's why Dr. Dre signed you I bet you right now you got a big rotten Rosenberg beside you Trying to be just like your father, inside you Your Stan android fanboys need to kill that noise I know what you thinking, kill that boy [DZK] We leavin Elvis funny money makin pelvis shattered Let's see you square dance now, let's see you hold your bladder Let's see you fire back Em where's the fire at it? Suicide hotline time, go dial that Put on that "8 Mile" hat and write a vile track Get at some people that can actually diss you back No more target practice on retarded actors and pop stars, Marshall you're not hard [Eminem dialogue again - repeat 3X] Whatever happens to me in this game I've always got my ear to the street [Canibus] Renegade, schmenegade you pink like lemonade I've been better than you before Genesis was made You ain't better than Black Thought, you ain't better than Mos Def You ain't better than Canibus, Professor Griff Hotep So renegade, schmenegade you pink like lemonade I penetrate through Hailey's Comet with metal blades Yeah! You and I both know why I'm sayin this I hope Whoo Kid, get fired for playin this [Bizarre] Get off, Nikolai Volkoff, mazeltov Ready to show off, fo'-fo'll blow your do' off Blowin off steam, goin off the beam Let the 9 sing, bitch this ain't a dream Bitch I'm the king, color me bad Skinny jeans, what happened to the sag? You makin me mad Y'all a bunch of JJ Fags, now who the fuck is bad? Motherfucker I'm bad! Call me a hater {*dialogue samples to the end*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Canibus Album: Melatonin Magik Song: Fraternity of the Impoverished Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Canibus] Fraternity of the Impoverished Knowledge this, knowledge this... The vocalist beast, knowledge like the Pope in this piece You think the ocean is deep? Fuck with me Unbelievable bars, unbeatable odds Unspeakable horrors, at a unperceivable cost Your unagreeable response lacks thought and human heart This is lyrical law, it's what I make the music for My prayers are simple, my forehead is layered with wrinkles Because of all the hardships that I've been through Symbolic hip-hop prophet speak to your subconscious Fringe politics got the public thinkin the opposite I'm a hypolyrical spontaneous alchemical elite neo-liberal, child of the indigo Drillin holes through the Faraday cages of your brains Then I implant the arcane image of Saint Germaine High lyrical exponent, intelligence quotient When I'm focused, I can engage multiple opponents But I won't if, I have no motive, soldier be careful, it's loaded Verbose with emotions of psychosis In case you didn't notice when I wrote it I'm spittin lyrics fittin in tighter spaces than outerspace roaches A real emcee don't have to do what he don't wanna do And that includes freestylin in front of you it's not like something gon' change It's not like the whole world gon' start praisin my name I stay in my lane I'd rather die by livin brave then live like a slave I'd rather be broke then be fake and get paid These layers of physicality challenge me My soul is gold and it's the only thing that's able to balance me My energy body has a alchemical copy that looks Godly Not fat, out of shape or sloppy The iller the rhymes, the more that I embody Vilified when real recognize real I gets mines! Stand with the underdog, don't be a coward Stop dickridin people for they money and power Even the American flag says "Made In China" The national debt says the U.S. is a vagina of a black widow spider, sprayin blood out like a geyser Why do we lose everything we fight for? Fathers, mothers, sons, daughters In the land of the lawless, sacrificed before Horus The Inca, the Aztecs, the Mayans, were masters A new beginnin is comin - the irony is classic The potential of life, versus the potential of death Either way you go through mad mental stress God forbid for you, for her, or him We ignored the gems, now we gotta do it all again We failed hip-hop's laws and brought down shame upon our cause Now we will fall upon our swords The shaman pays homage to Solomon He orders them to send the witchdoctor in Then asked me to rhyme again Every now and then I get retarded and spit I would like to apologize to every artist I dissed Everybody assumes I wanna rhyme when I don't Sometimes I just wanna chill and watch you flow~! Mysteries of the cathedral, the dark overlords are evil Ripped out the vocal chords of the people I walk up to your bedside in disguise with red eyes And tell you to remember these rhymes This is the season of hip-hop, believe it or not I lined it up with the planet's equinox {*scratched repeatedly: "abstract thinking"*} [Outro - over scratching] The coming cataclysm of society Obviously the government lied to me The illuminati's kidnap of hip-hop is plain to see Dead or alive, you heard it from the Can-I-B!! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Canibus f/ Professor Griff (Public Enemy) Album: Melatonin Magik Song: Dead By Design Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro: Professor Griff] Canibus, throwin melinated, molotov, cocktails Engineered, directly out of Full Sail Rippin the Jacker, ain't nobody nastier Spittin and grabbin facts and data, to enhance ya Suspense thriller Canibus the lyrical adjective killer [Canibus] My Melatonin Magik is enhanced by the melatonin tablets Come take a walk with Canibus Ardipithecus Ramidus, what the fuck is Melatonin Magik 'Bis? I still ain't understandin this shit Okay, my brain is a microchip My two balls with a cane is a macro-dick, I rap so sick I created swine flu out of an infinite mix You tried to diss but can't even spit, you just stand there and wish wit'cha hand on your hips, man you a bitch Who the fuck is you to criticize a lyrical king? You see, that's my problem, I spit a thousand bars y'all was silent I ain't heard nothin about it I had to give you three years to recognize And then I realized, can't nobody even fuck with my rhymes The internet, is a early telepathic building set My lyrics are international nuclear missile threats The blogosphere is where you vent frustration and discontent But children don't understand the concept of consequence So yes, it's immature to express disrespect But no I will not accept, what the media says They are the reason we are bein mislead There are forces above them that feed off our stress sufferin and debt I am dead by design, cause nobody tells me what to rhyme I make up my own fuckin mind There are more of us than them But at the same time they are Gods, and we are just mortal men Thirteen levels above 33, let me say it again They are Gods, we are just mortal men I cannot imagine they power They put a black family in the White House, just so they can take away ours You tryin to plan the great escape? You a coward They gon' make us march in a gas chamber make us think we takin a shower Mommas and babies is cryin The children of Zion belong to SkyNet, nobody knows who's behind it So if you don't care, fine then, I don't care either But I ain't spineless like you, I'm a true believer In the metaphysical ether, you listenin to the lyrical reaper The spiritual teacher, empirical speaker After this album they gon' call me a leader But I'm not, Killuminati just gon' murder me like 'Pac Blood sacrifice or not, I don't even wanna be alive If it's like that, then fuck Tiamat You can laugh at my appearance Well fuck you for standin there starin, fuck everything on this planet~! Including the evil spirits, notwithstanding the aliens actin like they don't hear us, there's no need to fear us Just come down and help us, I love James Brown more than I love Elvis But that don't mean I'm selfish Soft but hard on the outside like shellfish Crispy, crunchy, black crawlin out of Hell's pit You scream for hardcore, I felt it But what you gon' do when they kill me on some Eminem and L shit? You won't do a motherfuckin thing Cause let me tell you why, you a coward and you don't know shit Cause if my brothers stand next to me, the energy expands collectively The world was never ready for me And they ain't ready for they own freedom neither, they perish from the heater The fire breathers crawl out of they cage to eat 'em like thin crust pizza, Cthulhu creatures with rough features Jeepers creepers, good luck with Jesus How many meters? Reload and squeeze it I run up in the Vatican with demons, just to get even That's where the biggest demon is, it's no secret But nobody else sees it so they won't believe it But that's when I calm back down, the key word is back down I got possessed by my own raps, wow~! Knock knock, who's home? The black Dan Brown I didn't mean what I said, please don't kill me now My ghostwriter's not around, plus it was just a freestyle but at least I got better beats now Meanwhile, motherfuckers still mad, I feel bad I'd apologize but you actin like a real fag What the fuck I'm supposed to feel like? 12 years later I still don't get acknowledged for the shit that I write But I don't want to talk to you now It'd be a motherfuckin miracle if you even see me walkin around They still ask me about "Second Round" even now "Canibus can you tell us what happened again?" Look at this fuckin clown Can't get over it, they ask me a loaded question and act like I'm the one that's promoted it, hang up on 'em You a cyborg unit with no soul to it Stupid surrogate, 12 years later I'm on some other shit And so is the whole world, look at the motherships And so is the whole world, look at the motherships [Outro: Professor Griff] After this album, they gon' call me a leader but I'm not The Illuminati's gon' kill me just like they did 'Pac Blood sacrifice, or not It's Professor Griff the ex-minister Signing out The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Canibus Album: Melatonin Magik Song: Only Slaves D.R.E.A.M. Typed by: DPGWestSide42@yahoo.com [Canibus] Do you think that the powers that be Are goin' to let you do what you want to do for eternity? Of course you don't, so what do you fear? Why you spazzin' out, why you so scared? Everybody wanna be first, nobody wants to be last Do you think a God that created this would watch all of us die while others just laugh? What happens when the money system crash? And there's no more value in the cash? You gon' suck dick and sell ass? You gon' try to fight back wit' ya hands? You probably gon' change your money into gold You gon' use that to try and buy soul Buy some drugs with it, buy a peice of hole Don't tell me, I don't wanna know You need to come up with a better plan The Devil smash metal weapons like glass Right now we out-matched and out-classed We have to stay on a spiritual path 'Cause in the absence of love we blastin' one another with blood Media shows up to capture the buzz I'm a child of God and a rapper from the gutter I'm six of one and half a dozen of the other This is not one of those 'I told you so' moments This is just Canibus being open Lower egoic minds brush aside But can't nullify the high science that is coming from the rhymes I couldn't believe it the day that I was told That every person alive does not have a soul And is not in control of these cotton pickin' bowls Politicians declare the war of attrtion on the globe And stole all the fishin' holes Grandma got the chitlins on the stove, That'll overload the senses in your nose Young folk can't even afford to get old How many Youtube views before you go gold? How many albums last week you sold? How many leak downloads? Oh, you still believe in Soundscan, bro? Don't be discouraged Write and produce and record and you love it This is your Art, and thats the point of it When you get paid from it, things change people behave stubborn And say rude things to judge it They want you to thug it, so they can have you like a test subject Handcuffed and take mug shots of it I told you before I'm nobodies spit puppet I say what I want, you take what you want from it This is a social experiment put on by the public Hip Hop is completely corrupted You ain't rappin' 'bout that, you ain't rappin' 'bout nothin' I ain't never gon' starve, I been white tail huntin' Ya'll motherfuckers is buggin', speakin' with no substance Hip Hop's the way it is because of you cousin It ain't my fault, you locked me out of it 99 percent of my fans ain't nothin' But scumbag, scumbuckers, blood suckin', cock fuckers My lyrics too advanced for the average block hustler You know my name, I'm deeply inspired On a mountain lion meat diet, eat and be quiet Recycle the fire and deep fry it That line is hot, but you said it before, you get a C- My shit is timeless like the Great Wall of China Sick in the biggest way like a dinosaur virus Spreadin' through Verizon Wireless Homeland Securities tryin' it, just to see if you lyin' Bis They step to me, never thought it would happen like this You a flight risk, we need that microphone back Bis Diversionary tactics, Magik madness Canibus, you can't leave this miserable prison planet, God damnit We don't care what you're fans think 'Cause 99 percent of all of the don't exist The observer changes the properties of the observed This is done with your mind, not with your words Word? Yeah, I'm about to show you nerds You book worms really startin' to get on my nerves I can't talk like you, but I can understand you I know what this entire ordeal can expand to I love Hip Hop, I've always been a fan too I'm a big fan of everything you do I appreciate the purchases, the online searches I hope you enjoy the verses, it was great to be of service This was always my purpose I'm always workin' to be a better person everyday And still growin' like the Earth is Peace to the Gods and the Earths, kid The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Canibus f/ Psalm One Album: Melatonin Magik Song: Ripperland Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Psalm One] They told me I'm few and far between like oasis to the wilderness I'm still a mess but I climb it like a duplex Oooh yes! Baby I'm gritty and I'm Fabolous I'm pretty stupid, dumb enough to ask a fella "Can-I-Bus?" I ran, I rushed, I played it like a cello string Barely get hellos in the morning but we wrestling AM to the PM I'm preparing for the execution Stop bein sexist cause you weak as hell (I'm gonna do this fo' sho') I got the tent up in my hood with the chicken and the tater salad Listen and you'll make it past this Christian name, not quite a Christian rapper Wait until I'm finished, make yo' silly comments after Grown woman, not quite a girl rapper You only bustin open a book, learn the chapters Rapid fire comes the path to ghetto life And that's word to LP, I sleep when you fertilized I'm a, street talker, ghetto chemist You ain't a starter; I ain't finished Look at me boy, in my eyeballs You ain't pullin shit~! This is my stall I'm a beauty, I'm a beast I'm as stingy as I wanna be, I'ma fest You're a fish in a school of whales And baby school won't be the only thing you fail, you fail [Chorus: Psalm One] I'm a, street talker, ghetto chemist You ain't a starter; I ain't finished boy You only bustin open a book, learn the chapters {*2X*} [Canibus] There once was a boy, his name was Jack He changed it to Rip so that he could rap There were those who observed to memorize what they heard They enjoyed the rhymes and the sounds of the words Such glorious poetry interwoven into code Rip had written something that would never grow old On the night of the Ripper's Eve Little boys and girls would sit with crossed knees and begin to read about lights in the sky, little green men with big eyes Their short size is only a disguise Sipping hot cocoa slow in the middle of the snow If you can spit a flow, then off to Ripperland we go Any +Quantum of Solace+ is brolics, Germaine Bond is modest I wrote my first doctorate in confinement Between the choices I have made and choices made for me Reminds me of a story I should tell you in the morning I moistened my fingers and turned the page I must say, you're very sophisticated for your age I'm amazed you never have to be told to behave You raise your hand to speak and respond to your name I remember... the day I had changed The way I was struck by lightening in the rain Maybe some other time I'll tell you what I became I can tell you that I've waned in the pain of my shame It is written in books and carved into skin It is etched into every metaphor from within {*echoes*} [Chorus] - repeat 2X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Canibus f/ Journalist Album: Melatonin Magik Song: Stomp On Ya Brain Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro/Chorus: Canibus] "If you can't walk the walk," nah don't even try it When I'm wired, I spit fire And come stomp on your brain, brain, brain... [Verse One: Canibus] Yo! What about hip-hop, is so interesting? Emcees battle for respect, it's intensive Spit rhymes while I shimmy up the cliff side Before you ask why I'm tryin to show you where Rip died The questions give me more insight into your mind than them whack rhymes I hear you recitin all the time Restore and re-establish it, revive it, revamp it Refresh yourself with something organic, and mechanic Verses be so strong they are generally interpreted wrong Prone to correspond their responses from the songs Mr. Motherfuckin Know-It-All, bet you ten gold banola bars I'm smarter then those fifth graders are The writing technique is from a lion-headed beast Sciatic nerve got me spittin automatic words Ideas eliminated in the order they were created amid specative language about how I even made it Rebel without a cause, spittin ten billion bars to the cold corpse cellophane wrapped on the floor There's more, I declare war, bomb 'em~! Pound after pound I come stomp on 'em [Verse Two: Journalist] We bite without barkin, you just a target I shot darts and stomp on your brain in Doc Martins with boats shoes, so crude, my pardon Soon as the clock startin, show moves I got from old dudes who used to smoke Kools by the carton Set fire to you, I'm the arson Was clappin at cats, before they applauded for John Carson Anybody with good sense, know the footprints solemn leads is from the Air Max 93's 'til everything you see is Siamese I've been stompin since chicks from Martin was buyin reeds We stomp on your cane, and sell it to niggaz The niggaz stomp on your brain Who wanna tangle with the black orangutang? I came to bang, it ain't a thang Name a name he'll be history Nothin more than a mystery, a Stephen King novel Either they ain't been watchin or they need a clean goggle to follow the footsteps of the T Rex, detect whoever leap next from a speed jet without a parachute Turn you into carrot soup troop [Verse Three: Canibus] The duck-billed dino was eaten by the eighty ton rhino A very long time ago Soul, rock and roll, RTJ double-oh Now you know nigga, lock and load How can I create the right sentence to help explain how it feels when a whack emcee rhymes for Germaine? Don't be a water brain, make you spit your rhymes in quarantine Put you up against War Machine Sixty second rounds, keep your metaphors clean Sleepwalk when I dream, spit Listerine green The +Microphone Fiend+ on the scene Call on them scream, he might break you off a sixteen Laser beam lyrics comin at you at an altered speed The +Altered Beast+ don't pause for the beat This is lyrical law, you will be among the first to compete to run, walk or crawl over beats The goal is too tall to reach, can't touch the Spit Boss' feet You pole vault into a wall of defeat I love Biggie cause I know what he means When he told you, "It was all a dream" The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Canibus f/ Chopp Devize, Jaecyn Bayne, Son One Album: Melatonin Magik Song: Beat Butcha Get 'Em Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Canibus] Yeah, Melatonin Magik Jaecyn Bayne, Son One, Chopp Devize, Canibus {*echoes*} [Verse One] Undergod soldier, runnin off toastin A notebook and vocals, a smidge overdosin Even when the D-boy system not coastin You hear my spoken better than when Rae lost his focus Crystalized opiate to victimize opponents With addictive lines coated in, snares and some solar hits Motive is to sew up in ya, dopest with a doper grit Son, Can-I, and I, Pai Mai's chosen men Transcontinental conniseurs of the art of war Knockin off non-essential artists which ya shoppin for The buck stops when I step in the voicebox and unload bars like they're several joy shots Yellow light caution, my melatonin's archin Sleep on me, and I'ma get to sleep stalkin Technicians of lyrics, racketeering of sound that'll surely be your last at your burial grounds [Verse Two] Ayyy~! Get 'em, metaphorically speaking, this set of bars is lettin off 'til several squads is deaded and weakened or probably beheaded and beaten, severed and leakin I get it, started like before I parted I settled in Eden But evolved over the course of time More was just forced to fall off course for the shine (yeah!) I'm the ultimate, no alternate Swords can give, darts with tips, dipped in arsenic Most sound like nothin like after me Track murdered the graveyard's bustin at the seams (When I crush) like a nug out of the bag of the trees To be honest, your rhymes sound like rotten to me (word) I'm the sun, I'm the rise, and the fall When I die and collapse the whole sky'll dissolve (Yeah) And I fight for the cause You should say my name first when describin the boss [Verse Three] Put up your laptop break the boombox plug your infantry your iPod No need for tough talk, or rockin up in the streets with Krylon Hip-Hop is not forgotten, its been watered down like {?} Tick tock me wavin the timebomb, blowin it up so it don't die off That's why I'm on the job with balls to supercharge your ions I be the icon you read about in multiple {?} Consulted by God, still open the third eye like I'm a cyclops To keep my mind strong, I memorize entire rhyme blogs Emcees try hard, but many just get sunk like a battleship And missin a bunch of requirements like {?} an asterisk Fact or fiction I can't tell the difference when half of these rappers spit Ignorant, I bet they don't even know what the meaning of whackness is You actually think you're good, sorry man, your talent is absent kid I guess them folks won't ever be dope no matter how much they practice it Illy inject the game with passion, puttin an end to the abstinence There's so many things for you to fathom but for now it's class dismissed [Canibus] (Get 'em!) As we proceed to emcee Keep it real recognize the skills over the beat Hold up, don't shine your boots up, you still suck You can't rhyme like this, unless you rhymin with US Fuck the questions~! Find out for yourself You got to find out who you help Service to brothers, service to others, service to self There's no way to tell Even if you got a mic in your grill You wanna sell? It's got nothin to do with bein ill I rock bells with a glass of water and a melatonin pill Put your soul into a spell, stay still The universe movin at a pace, perhaps it'll all be revealed For me this all happened because of a record deal For you, this happened because of what you all feel And now nobody can copy me, I am my own technology You pay homage to me electronically One out of three speak about they flawed philosophies Betrayal, that is the cause of all hypocrisy We are livin in the garden of technocracy I am my own technology, ten thousand G What's the weight of a light beam? Ask Killah Priest He gon' tell you that your soul is not ready to be released I'm a king with a slave's pair of feet, a flat-footed freak I walk around hooded in the streets Lookin for beats, the djinn creep lookin for beef They lookin for the emcees with the invisible speech So do not even look up at what you are beneath Just stare straight ahead and pretend you're on the beach My breathing becomes labored after they shock me with a taser I fell to my knees then they shot me with a laser Beat Butcha, one thousand bar street pusher like that Snap, spring coil tap, release trigger Melatonin Magik, metal drones with payload attachments Shoot me in the head 'til I stop rappin Jaecyn Bayne, Son One, Propane Germaine One day I'm a show you what we all made Melatonin Magik, the golden child chanted Daddy, the cell phone got too much static Melatonin Magik is now trackin all known air traffic Unknown traffic, just red flag it Melatonin Magik, go to sleep, do not panic The heart of your soul is in the planet Melatonin Magik, turn your face to the left you maggot Don't look at me unless you want a challenge (Get 'em!) Architect, Chopp Devize Reverse polarity, optic eyes in the skies Melatonin Magik for minds like mines like mines, like mines, like mines The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Canibus f/ Blaq Poet, Presto, Skarlit Rose Album: Melatonin Magik Song: Do It Live! Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Bill O'Reilly] "I can't do it... we'll do it live" "WE'LL DO IT LIVE, FUCK IT!" "Do it live!" "Look, I'll write it and we'll do it live!" "Fucking thing SUCKS!" [Blaq Poet] It's a slaughter nigga, Mickey & Mallory style Y'all niggaz is dead, and people callin me foul Cross you off the list, and chuck you over in a pile Let's get this shit settled, right here and right now I got this hard shit, in a smash I'm about the cash; stop lookin nigga, I'm the last motherfucker you gon' meet like this Turn your day pitch black, like I clicked the light switch The beat is nickle plated, one up in the chamber In the clip the remainder, blastin off in anger The Blaq Monsta, strike like the black mamba Have y'all motherfuckers runnin home to your momma Stay in yo' fuckin place, you know that I'm the ace If not, get the taste smacked out your fuckin face Everything I say, I mean it I'm the black motherfucker, straight outta Queensbridge "We'll do it live" [Skarlit Rose] Streets is gritty, drama in the city We askin God for mercy but he showin you no pity You're hopin for a miracle, when your faith is cynical The only thing that matter to you is if you had your pistol full Sit back, uncontrolled rages Over y'all taxes, playin on different stages Rotten lives, speeches be contagious, who we are Cats who die, they don't make it too far We're quick to talk about things we shoulda done and never did it Things we started, and never finished We watch our children look at us with empty wishes They growin up with no restrictions, I wonder why Miscommunications, across the great states Blood flows down heaven's gates as we await our torturous fates Crimson, for all to see But only those with knowledge seem to see it biblically It's a harsh reality, placed in wise mentality Unholy matrimonies, your true voice is true phonies Shadows creepin while you're sleepin Young widows weepin, trustin these cats when you meet them This teach men before they descend Enter Nostradamus philosophy well fuck that, listen to my prophecy Well your blood run, now you're enemies You choose your path, now face your penalties No more gettin high, and drinkin Hennessy It's a new world ordered, not meant for humanity [Presto] I got that hazardous flow kids sniff with various cokeheads Y'all cats are halfway out the closet like Mario Lopez My infallible flow is sicker than subliminal phallic symbols of Walt Disney motion picture posters Sac section rises, sick as Opus, fixin the focus The scope of the magnum at whichever nigga's standin the closest Your amateur flow is not compatible to my notes its like Kanye I snatch your mic for thinkin that you so swift The magical melatonin omen roamin in the wide open Breast strokin in the fiery ocean, tokin on cyanide When I was smokin, I saw both of my eyes explodin Mind frozen with bad breath from goin into ketosis Nebaru geneticists, medieval torture methods Military weapons, botchilist, decoding Hebraic messages Nuyorican native, reincarnated, in the form of Satan The ladies, in a meditative state, sedated Inundated with the latest, my speech is upgraded Y'all niggaz ain't seein me, like the thong on Aretha Franklin Why am I so lyrical? Cause your rhymes are limited like a cockeyed cyclops who loses periphreal Attack mics, split backs like the passion of Christ My passion for what I write is like a massive appetite [Canibus] The appetite of Megaladon, pumping steroids in his arm His upper torso is bigger than yours Brave men will die, women will cry over the genocide But don't cry, dry.. your eye My left brain twenty percent, my right brain is more than that My pituitary gland is on crack That's why they barely understand where I'm at And while I rap, they say it's whack It's not wise to react, why is that? Cause consciously I'm black, subconsciously I'm darker than that The most controversial artist in rap When I step with my lyrics, I force them to fall back I was wounded in combat, and still crawled back ("Do it live!") Do it right the first time, I don't ever have to do it again Unless I rehearse it again and again Rotating floating spheres like clockwork rotating gears Counter-clockwise collating what you hear Over here, don't repeat what you heard, just remember what you learned Remember the last time you got burned Qualitative analysis is not enough to quantify Canibus But do it live if you think you can handle this {*gunshot fires*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Canibus f/ Born Sun, K-Solo, Maintain, Willie Dynamite Album: Melatonin Magik Song: Sharpshootaz Blastic' Caps Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Canibus] Sharp fangs~! Sharpshootaz... sharpshootaz The poem is dolioform I arm wrestle you with my polio arm in a rodeo barn Nowadays I see emcees get on stage They look like parakeets in a cage Grab the mic like they afraid to palm it 'til I bomb it, the LRADs lace the target The firearm long like fist-to-armpit Sergeant Sharpshoota, a gifted marksman Sip sake, rip the mic nigga watch me The kamikaze, Benihana your body Sour posses show up to your party Everybody go home now, put your microphone down Go boil some water, I'ma hold him down Interrogation techniques, I'ma show you how I'ma ask you two times, then after that I'ma roll you a blunt with a blasting cap You understand what I'm sayin? Your man's not playin You'll be twenty-one grams lighter after the weigh-in Sharpshootaz aimin, wolfgang came in to bang him Demo'd the nigga, then Maintain sprayed him [Maintain] Yeah I sprayed him, it was strictly biz The way I laid him to rest yo it wasn't cause I hated him His bars were sendin him off, he was lost Now he's, six feet deep payin the cost Yo my enemies are unfit; they keep movin like they don't know I'm too strategic for this dumb shit You're hopin that I fail; but the race is been won But they don't know that because they slower than a snail It's too easy, but I don't feel guilty Cause if the slowpokes had it their way they would kill me Now how real is this situation that I stay in And when does a Sharpshoota got time for playin? My whole team aimin them red beams, it's no games It takes me no brains to leave you with no brains I got you so pegged this is so unfair You should start prayin to the man upstairs Cause really all I gotta do is cock and squeeze And your brain's on the ground lookin like cottage cheese While I'm in the trees with top notch emcees Sharin brilliant ideas and philosophies about how we're gonna stack this money and lounge In the town there's a whole lot of nothin around Try to stop the process, and I'm huntin you down to put your faggot ass in front of the ground, now fuck around [Chorus: Canibus] + (K-Solo) The Sharpshootaz, it's the Sharpshootaz Blastin at the blastin cap, bomb unit It's the Sharpshootaz, it's the Sharpshootaz Nothin but sharp fangs, paws and claws, let's do this! (It's the Sharpshootaz! It's the Sharpshootaz!) (If it's a mission that we on you know I mapped it out) (It's the Sharpshootaz! It's the Sharpshootaz!) (My whole team'll have you street dudes tappin out) [Willie Dynamite] Yo, me fall off in the game, picture that~! You got beef in the street? And need heat? Call your man I get you that I got small ones that go pop pop, and click clack And big ones strong enough to push a bus back (BOOM!) And I still ain't forgot what you said nigga I'm down to turn that white tee you rockin into a ketchup bed When the slugs, catch up, to yo' head Hip-Hop you dead a closet casket you gon' rock instead So tell your mans ain't no need for sendin flowers and shit When I'm on the fiends come through and devour the shit The block is dry, leave it up to us to shower the shit You got beef, I slide through and Twin Tower your shit Dynamite, I'll harass you niggaz Like pullin your shorts down in front of chicks I'll embarrass you niggaz Actin like you John Gotti, we'll see how gangster you are when you find pieces of your son's body I fucked around and ate his lunch, now he got his hands full holdin his head and legs in the trunk The chick I'm with, I ain't hearin the bitch I'm rockin Sharpshoota shit, lookin for the next gear to switch [Born Sun] Aiyyo I squeeze on emcees like bullets never-ending Leave the machine smokin while the terror still spinnin Mujahadeen from Queens, an Arabian God Suicide bomb your squad screamin Allahu Akbar Hell gon' unleash release for beast wars Mad rapper with a backpack strapped with C4 Barack Obama that popped the llama And bodily harm ya, shots penetrate your armor The young Yaphet Kotto in the dojo blowin 'dro Clappin the fo'-fo', wanted for murderin the flow Crazy muh'fucker I'm sick, it's been known Rhymes retarded and bars is downs syndrome I'm top raised to hit front page, up center stage with the gauge, that'll remove your hips from your legs Back crackin vertabrae, attack and murder prey Don't ever war with Sun, I swore I thought I heard him say [K-Solo] None of you niggaz in the block want beef You get slammed on your face like you fightin Tito Ortiz Plus I, wreck shop, your man'll hear your neck pop I do your whole clique with a 8 ball in a sweatsock I draw the line, cross it, you get shot My wolves'll leave the mountain and scatter the whole block I get the Mac out, splatter the whole block Come mad a whole lot, I said it to get it hot I wrote it so when I quote it I spit it, went POP You can disrespect me but not when I'm holdin the glock I paint my name on your back like connect the dot And YO~! I'll get that movement in your neck to stop These motherfuckers know the fuckin deal See I don't fuckin sleep, you know my fuckin hand be on the steel Quick with ammo, come equipped when I squeeze the infra from the hip {*echoes*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Canibus f/ Bronze Nazareth, Copywrite Album: Melatonin Magik Song: Gold & Bronze Magik Typed by: Tha Masta [Bronze Nazareth] They can't do shit with me like a custom model Tyson A herd of wild bison trying to get that cake without the icing Can't stop the poison, empty glass in intestine I'm destined to rest in the Sun, weed in the Westin Pulitzer Prize priceless verses is in the resting A new bible, witness tribal wars for block titles Vital organs stop, subtle Fiends like they're lions, when they get around the rock and huddle Undertake, bodies ungulate, under earthly underlays Unachieved summaries, no open warranties Cuz my flow is never broken like a pregnancy When I speak they'd rather see polluted clouds rain Hennessey Take you with no receipt like dope traffic currency Uninsured surgery when under my knife Some paid with a briefcase, some paid with their life My home sticks is Baghdad under U.S. plane strikes It's a useless vein tap with an empty syringe Injecting wind into the blood flow, sip ether and grim Smoke secrets from burning circles, sour diesel and singe The cloak, the grim reaper, creeping, sneaking, you in [Chorus 2X: sample from Bonnie Dobson "Milk and Honey"] Round and round, the burning circle All the seasons: one, two, and three [Copywrite] Yeah, I see it, yo, yo, uh-huh C-write, give it a little umph! Yeah, O dot Megahertz, you already know what it is Axe, inseminate the place, 614 Yeah, you know what they say? Behind my back they say he's very arrogant But they air they're inhaling in isn't there to sniff Dare to whiff and I'm tearing the air to get from where it is There's a chicken hailing and I'm tearing it through her pair of tits There's a kid, my fist is impaling him through his pair of ribs From a kamikaze, crazy bomber, drama like Shady's mama Fucking with bitches ugly as Biggie's baby's mama And I stay, mismatched to the socks Bitch laughed, said my name's dispatched to the cops Stitched patch on my crotch reads: "Kiss me I'm Irish" My click be the flyest, don't, excuse me, I'm biased But try us and lose the cocky smile, who could stop me now? When I'm right on the money like the illumanti owl If I'm off a DJ mixed my accappella wrong Mozzarella's long enough to buy the rights to every Roc-a-fella song I'm lying, but not when I'm rhyming, my stock is hella long Too hot to mail a song, the mailman said he thought I mailed a bomb Rain, sleet, snow or hail, I'm smoking well Granted you'd think I was Spanish how wet I rolled an L To where they meet it, or see the chocha, I'm living la vida loca I'm Peter the chiba smoker, no reason to cease the dolja Breathing a leaf, Jesus, I've seen crows from beneath the roses That sweet aroma could wake Pete old cold from deepest coma But know the skills' on over kill until I reach the repear's quota Put him out of business then hire him for cheap to clean the sofa Ends with the bones of Barbosa, flow's well written No help given, I'm self-driven like a chauffer Still spitting that crazy shit, you don't like it? You could suck a fat baby's dick while it's dad babysits [Chorus 2X] [Canibus] Melatonin Magic MC One, two and three... You are the reflection of an illusion, you do not exist What you feel is real, everything else is a script That they wrote for me, I hallucinate creepy crawlies Rhyming is a hobby, you can't even talk to me DJ's, radio stations, millions of listeners are prisoners Their salvation is not your business Canibus spit when Canibus wanna spit shit Got that? Don't let me have to tell you again The western world is spiritually sterile, in great peril We in the concrete jungle, where they spank Abe with the metal I rhyme for the betterment of the culture I don't spit no hot sixteens for promotion Or corporate vultures who act like they own us Self-expression is our birthright, not a bonus Hip-hop can govern, come together and show the whole world something The voices of the not so beloved... [Chorus 2X] [Canibus] Melatonin Magic MC One, two and three... I spit it 'til I'm free This is lyrical law The golden flame turns the gold bars into bronze It draws upon magic from the stars This is one more storming of lyrical law If everything is in good order, I spit some more The moral of the story is this: don't get pissed Because your upbringing was strict, cuz life is a gift You've got food to eat, you've got teeth to eat it with Shoes on your feet, don't be conceited, be content Even when you lose, think about what you did to win If you did the best that you can, you did a good thing But you shouldn't smoke weed if you swim Don't buy assault rifles, don't fight dogs, don't hit your girlfriend Don't mix cocaine with unprescribed medicine And don't say it's over if you plan to do it again With that said, sleep tight tonight when you go to bed This is Public Service Announcement 2010 [Chorus 2X] [Outro: Canibus] The Melatonin Magik MC One, two and three... Come sit with me, come sit with me... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Canibus Album: The C of Tranquility Song: Salute Typed by: MCHeadcase@gmail.com [Intro: Canibus] The war drums sound like 100 guns fired at once, for an entire month... Can-I-Bus?! (OH!) You KNOW you can! [4x] [Hook](2x) STOMP! MOVE! GET 'EM OUT THE WAY! (Bring 'em down!) STOMP! MOVE! GET 'EM OUT THE WAY! (Bring 'em down!) HIT 'EM, GET 'EM! HIT 'EM, GET 'EM! HIT 'EM, GET 'EM! HIT 'EM, GET 'EM! HIT 'EM, GET 'EM! HIT 'EM, GET 'EM! HIT 'EM, GET 'EM! HIT 'EM, GET 'EM! [Verse One] Involuntary muscle spasm assassin busts with a passion Listen to how Canibus re-enact this Poor rappers fall victim to the metaphor master Drill your ass raw for ice core data An earthquake machine beam powered by a crystal Scalene in hydro, no pulse signal Lyrically wave-theory like Timothy Leary So you don't have to understand me to hear me, you feel me? Barely, the quickening happens in between In the Elohim Lord Lizard King with the Ripper conditioning Partitioning with the Fischer King, eating chicken wings My fingertips are glistening but I'm listening Yeah, the master observes how rappers use vernacular to fail to capture the meaning attached to the words Hip-Hop melismas, career suicide Killer Ripper spits to the sustained pitch mixed and chopped To add a counter point, mix and master that drops Complex and confusing, I'm laughing because it's hot The super duper uber music conductor producer from the future Stuff tubas with gun powders to improvise bazookas Colder than killer cobras over Jehovah Delta soldiers in blimp balloon gondolas with stealth motors They watch over us, told me where to go But I can only take both of us so you better soldier up Size, activity, location, unit Time and equipment: what you going to do with it? Salute, that's what they do when I rip it, I proved it, I did it, D.R. Period was in the booth when I spit it Bread and Butter, nigga Hook (2x) [Verse Two] D.R and Canibus, motherfucker! Broken language the hustler Starboard rudder, the Coast Guard cutter I'm the studio night owl, stress give me white eyebrows Who the fuck I got to fight with now? Yeah, conspicuous characters creep through America with a killer chemical in a canister called Canibus Crazy as crystal communicate correct signal They call it criminal, I call it lyrical, Call the commissioner, I'mma crucify the christian Caligula like they crucified MC Christopher I cast the Canibus symbol in the crowd If there's beef on the crown, I'mma carve the cow Now, smuggle contraband through the canal I check my clip on my chamber, sharpshooter style La costra nostra, deep like Deepak Chopra I kick your door down in loafers Forty-five in the holster, AK in the baby stroller Babies with baking soda, my lady in the Rover A midget with dreadlocks down to his toes With flows I expose what nobody knows [Hook](2x) [Outro] Can-I-Bus?! (OH!) You KNOW you can! [4x] Artist: Canibus Album: C of Tranquility (Promo) Song: USMC Typed by: Immortal_Breaker@hotmail.com I'm in a meeting with the Surgeon General of written texts The battery of 1000 psychological tests I am exhausted and stressed but I continue to press She asked me if I'm the best. I signed languaged back YES Spell words wrong, when writtin down rhymes nowadays My hairs are beginning to Grey, that's why imma shave The sky dark purple, low crawl through the wormhole Took me back to 1998 at Universal 2008 I'm eternal You know I'm still nice with the verbals, and I ain't even heard you Your views. Your virtues Whatcha goin do when Martial Law curfews lock down your Rock Band Rehearsal Got ground zero asthma cancer Buried on the moon as the top Hip-Hop Commander After talkin to Paul Laffoley, he spoke about perigee and apogee Something that I understood naturally The mindscape, the other atmosphere is my space But in my case, I seem trapped by the rhymes that I make Canibus code for a data tabulated below (?) It's the end of the world you know, glad you made it to the show According to Title 17 USC, section 107 Canibus is just an MC Imma Reggaeton rap translated from Jamaica You a hater with that white boy hodgy behavior You could say what you say, but, my catalog greater EVERYTHING YOU HEARD BEFORE WITH MORE LAYERS Poet Laureate V, why didn't they accept me? If I remember correctly, lets see The "C" of Tranquility, the mind will ascend The audio will blend into multiples of 10 The lies we have been told really are the truth So together we will all learn again what we knew Proud to have come so far, spit another bar The carousel issue continues to revolve unresolved Take my hand Ripper Grand Wizard chain of command Take this torch to another land, tell them who I am The riot squad robot look like Robocop photoshopped Heckler and Koch, Semi auto stock I speak into the Mic, leaves fall off the "Tree of life" BUT next Fall imma see if you nice The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Canibus Album: The 'C' of Tranquility Song: Cingularity Point Typed by: MCHeadcase@Gmail.com [Intro] This is for the I.M. Culture A poor pauper's offering for the alter The 'C' of Tranquility, I'mma show 'em what I see The 'C' of Tranquility, I'mma show 'em what I see [Hook] The 'C' of Tranquility, what will it really be? What does the future hold? What do you really see? I see a revolution in the industry that will ignite the rebirth of MCs lyrically The 'C' of Tranquility, what will they really be? What does the future hold? What can you really see? I see the partition of God's religion become united by our bars and our common visions [Verse One] Been a long time, spittin' long rhymes, but I never left you Always came back bustin' rhymes that were special Back then, I wanted to impress you by addressing the truth Nowadays, I'm just confessing in the booth The Golden Era of Rap will always be apart of me The future talks to me because the present is ignoring me My destiny is calling me, the armory of God is guarding me but all you can see is holographic artistry Rhyme mechanics, like that of a blind pianist The keys are metallic, my fingers are magnets The music is magic, what is this madness? The stanzas are rites of passage, your left brain habits become your baggage The masses become savage, roaming the streets with torn fabrics Creativity is less than average Every baby is born a bastard, so why did you have it!? This question requires no answer, I understand it [Hook] [Verse Two] Through my music, magic, and inoculated interaction Rip the Jacker shows you the future in fragments Through madness my view is expanded Request passage, permission is granted, I'll introduce you to the language of dragons to help balance near impossible trances in the labyrinth of the enchanted where air quality is unbearably rancid From evil spirits, temperatures frigid I cross wooden bridges over methane rivers, it sounds crazy, but listen Concise lyrics strike down from the heavens A titan like Mike Tyson, Beastmaster with a tiger and pigeon A four finger ring with a eyeball in it for vision Cause I ain't scared of no 9 foot 11 winged lizards I'm known as the Ripper, my soul was delivered to a wizard for spiritual slave labor in a prison My life is my sentence, so I live it But I studied the physics and understand it, so it's only a visit [Hook] [Verse Three] Combinatrix, anything of this persuasion is considered ageless beyond the matrix Beyond time displacement of space & spaceships in oasis Beyond the reach of human contemplation The music is layered, not computer generated A human made it to satisfy unusual cravings The mystic in a room with crystal walls & floors Looking into a crystal quartz orb, reciting lyrical law that cause warm feeling sensations precipitating from the finger tips to the arms, to the lips, to the jaws to a gold tongue that spits to the tone of the drum with the oxygen that flows down the throat to the lungs till every color of my Chakra glows brighter than the Sun YOU and I become WE, WE become ONE and the Clarity of Singularity has begun between zero point zero and zero point one! (echoes) [Hook] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Canibus Album: The C of Tranquility Song: Pine Comb Poem Typed by: vicone187@gmail.com The "C" of Tranquility Canibus spit for infinity I revolve with the Earth lyrically, uh Yea ya'll wassup, The Ripper right here Can-I-Bus Yo, yo I rest alone in a cold cabin composed of stone from old agate A sarcophagus filled with gold tablets The archaeological dig-site Excavated the bone matter of this unknown rapper The blood of the Gorgon was used as the cure for the poison The poison that destroyed his organs His DNA was shaped like a series of sideways 8's Space-time is converted to time-space The soundwave signals looks like ocean tides when they ripple He spit to precision instrumentals Sidewinder rhymes hit you, split you The target area surface was no wider than a nickel Control Room simple.. His chair was chiselled from quartz crystal It gets so hot, his skin sizzle He piloted the missile from a digital menu inside remote headgear he would put on to look into By mastery of the mental he was able to see what the past and future civilizations had been through Acoustic imagery transmitted through the music and energy When I'm spitting no distance can limit me The gallery of my art was prefabricated and placed in a Ark But grave robbers rip the pages apart They got caught, whoever told me the secret is now dead I cannot tell you or I will end up like them!! The meaning of these rhymes are dead to the modern day mind Even if you hear this a thousand times Because of this many have died Your inner light will not shine if your Pineal gland is calcified The silver cord is a metaphor for the will of the Lord I was called to climb aboard and explore That's when I saw the Tree of Life in the yard The apples on the floor were gored to the core!! The coil spirals remind you, but be mindful External experience reflects what's inside you Inside us all, behind the wall Inside your skull, but exposed in a song AHHHHHH, I was struck in an electrical storm The flesh on my left arm is scarred the mic's gone!!!!! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Canibus Album: Lyrical Law (Disc 1) Song: Lyrical Law Introduction Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Canibus] Welcome to Canibus Catalogue dot com Thank you for your purchase It's because of commited souls, just like you all over the world, that this is even possible While you're here, don't forget to pre-order the "Lyrical Law" LP package which includes the "Lyrical Law" LP and two bonus discs, with a personalized autograph from me One of the bonus discs is gonna be a surprise The other bonus disc is a collection, of my earliest recordings from 1993, for an album I made, titled "Lyrical Warfare" with a group called THEM That's right, The Heralds of Extreme Metaphors Also, I'd like to say thank you to the designers of this site and the creator of the artwork for "Lyrical Law" And the many supporters across the globe that been ridin with the kid for more than 17 years Thanks again; let's continue on with our journey I know you gon' enjoy the album The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Canibus Album: Lyrical Law (Disc 1) Song: Lyrical Noir Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro: Iron Sheik on Howard Stern] + (Warrior impersonator) Fuck that! (Sheik what happened?) I heard about you! You can be son of a bitch sometimes BAD, but I'm the MASTER of the bad You lie to me again? (I'm sick, and TIRED) (of what you've been saying about me in the media) [Canibus - over Intro] Lyrical Noir This is Lyrical Law Say it some more Lyrical Law Lyrical Noir Yo [Canibus] Give me some more slack on this rope I run your boney ass throat over in a zodiac boat 46 degrees North, 6 degrees East The Large Hadron Collider gave birth to a beast that speaks They quote my speech, vocal motifs over dope beats All lyricists know me! That's why the industry's debunkin my lyrics with digital trunking equipment, they don't want you to listen The Ripper's language won't appeal to the masses because they look past it Only the masters know the seal of theSscarab Some humans are born average based off environmental circumstances You organic piece of shit, you sub-standard But do not be embarrassed by your underdeveloped status It's up to you to find the right questions and ask it Research leads to results, sometimes we find meaning after Other times they're just meaningless babblers Don't believe these rappers, fake unbelievable bastards Comet Elenin is comin straight at us, don't believe NASA Take matters into your own hands Stop being slow and actin like hoes, get with the fuckin program Hip-Hop is the greatest genre known to man If we focus, the poetry is so advanced We can overthrow any plan and control man You got soul? Let's Jam! "Lyrical Law," I'm the Canibus Man What's the buy-in minimum? 88 sales program and the number of stores, I don't care no more This is Lyrical Law Noir hardcore raw metaphors for you and yours You can't say you wasn't warned Thousands of bars, them dummies couldn't stomach my bars They rather conform, they throwin up they pompoms You don't wanna wrestle with Armstrong We sever blood vessels tryin to mess with the God's poem Damage any motherfuckin beat that I rhyme on Connect to the God's thoughts, possess your iPod, I grind hard Intellectual hardboard, take it back to hip-hop +Style Wars+ Gruntin like a pack of wild boars Power source "Lyrical Law," my bomb squad full force Call 'em off we got too much torque Nitrous oxide bars pull a bull of course Pitch fork to you neck just to prove I'm raw Iron horse, smack DVD, battle rap dwarf Slap you with the flat part of the sword, now you back for more Passing yourself off like a rap star But you support whack bars that's why rap is lost Fact! You a Cool J crack whore You snitch like police labradors tryin to sniff out Sasquatch Man up, no more lip service and back wash Stand up! I'ma break off you're back paws Thor's hammer crack jaws, attack y'all, fracture your skull Mountain man axe to your loins Self-employed like Donald Goines, cash cows on steroids I don't fall for deceptions or decoys I'm a beast and I'm clairvoyant Your soy won't tear the beat up whether or not you appear on it Double trouble dear promise fuck you and your comments The chairman of "Lyrical Law" will be honored The last man standin, after the internet is abandoned James Cameron with a gamma ray cannon Nekobs brainwashed Hip Hop, and they came from Saturn They were the first alien race of rappers They landed in North Africa, their teeth be gnashin Their names look like acronyms, they released the Kraken They live in underground cabins They slither fast through the inner-earth labyrinth They move in S-patterns though deep planet chasms I chase 'em and trap 'em, detailin the action for tryin to desecrate the Sabbath of the lyrical master, faggots I laid them on top of each other like Abu Ghraib They spacecraft look like the Eiffel Tower in Paris They pray for my downfall to orchestrate all hip-hop's imbalance They underestimated my talent I hold the globe up like Atlas, they lied about Canibus Ask 'em, I'm the world's greatest motherfuckin rapper~! They slandered my character through private and public propaganda They tell the people I'm Dr. Doppelganger They ask me shit, that they know I'm not gon' answer Extinction Level Event, they can't stop the disaster Cocksucker stop the camera, cause you know that I'm a miserable bastard I crack lens, break microchips and melt plastic You Canibus? Who's askin? That's Captain Cold Crush to you maggot, you a lyrical has-been "Lyrical Law"'s a classic they can't get past it The beats, the rhymes, the features, every single facet "Lyrical Law"'s a classic they can't get past it The beats, the rhymes, the features, every single facet The microphone assassin 'bout to get at 'em The Dragon of Judah breathe fire 'til his last breath Full battle rattle in action lyrical metal jackets Coming through with several new attachments Computers is crashin, hackers is laughin Rapid eye movement, try to keep up with the captain What's happenin? [Ultimate Warrior impersonator from Howard Stern returns] I am a true champion, I will fucking beat your ass Any time, anywhere, when the moon, and stars, and the planets align I will beat your ass! {*scratched in: "he's my kind of man"*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Canibus f/ Born Sun, K-Rino Album: Lyrical Law (Disc 1) Song: The Art of Yo Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash "This man will be our hero, but fate will make him indestructible." "His name..." {*scratched: "yo, yo"*} [Iron Sheik on Howard Stern] LISTEN, VHAT THE FUCK? NO GOOD SUNNUVABICH~!! [Born Sun] Bastard style with no father tryin to claim the kid I called it X cause I ain't even tryin to name the shit Sun Dllah, see me on the stage with Rip Nitrogen lungs, yo my tongue mix propane with spit And I'm nice as the voice of Christ resurrected through mics Son of God, Son of Man, helping some of y'all will overstand Crash the Vatican as soon as I land I'm 'bout to set it on man in the Gulf of Adan I stand, in the Garden of Eden, unbeaten undefeated I tweeted pictures of Eve tonguin Jesus Scientology guides put my rhymes on photography slides to quantify the higher knowledge applied But I'm an uncaged animal, channelin Hannibal A cannibal, bite your head off and hand it to you SpitBoss, centrifugal force different from yours Sun is Born, this is "Lyrical Law" yo [Iron Sheik on Howard Stern] Fuck you! Who are you? Either {?}, or Kennedy McMahon (Fuck that guy! Fuck him!) EXACTLY~! (Put him up on the satellite right now) (Let's hear what he has to say for himself) [K-Rino] I've never been a friendly author Don't need a gangster beat to make me off ya I'll slaughter ya while playin Cyndi Lauper Better than y'all, give me one competitive brawl I throw a hundred miles an hour with a medicine ball I'll melt your fortress down to caramel softness Drive a charger through ya torso, parallel parkin That cosmic ray beam effect, I Hiroshima wreck Rap disaster so tragic they gave his ass a FEMA check Cadence is radiant, I pre-dated Arcadians I stayed with the brigade of alien ecto sapiens Hit your through the atrium of heavenly light Once I smite you like a left arm, you'll never be right I've used every word possible to let you know what I can do So I made something new, I'll collipherously clobber you You ain't legitimate, you posin like a model Dude I'll throttle you, liquidate and sixteen ounce bottle you [Iron Sheik on Howard Stern] IF YOU ARE THE MAN, COME AND SHOW ME Because I'm ready, you cheap sunnuvabich I just said it! I'm ready, any time you are! I'll wrestle in, anything you want What's the {?}cock up{?}, I'll beat you Now, you wanna come challenge with the Iron Sheik? [Canibus] I'm tryin to figure out, who this nigga barkin at Before his heart gets snatched, run up on him in a stocking cap Keep barkin like you hard, get stalked and clapped Come in the cage you get stomped on the mat Carve your name in the axe, then chop you in the back Hack off your femur bones, beat you with them like bats Put your remains in saran wrap, dump them in a alcohol vat You can rap, but you ain't all that Step inside, close the door, fuck you yawnin for? Kick your head off, now it's rollin on the floor like a bowling ball Open the door, clean this fuckin mess off my wall And don't ever mention his name no more You dig, you follow me nigga, I follow you quicker You got a weak ticker, told you not to fuck with the Ripper Have you showin your true colors, drinkin blood from your liver You a dickrider, and you an Indian giver Wagin war with some guerillas, I'll bludgeon you by the river The park ranger is pissin, he gon' find you while they fishin Fist to the face, herpes simplex outbreak Alienated aliens get ate by alien apes You food nigga~! Throw yourself over the gate How does alien taste? Like mammalian waste You ain't swift, youse a dumb fuck; I'll have you breathin like your lungs got struck by two-hundred pound nunchucks Straight motherfuckers get slayed for hip-hop if you love it like Kill Bill between a hundred gay lovers I'm the illest nigga say somethin; yeah I thought so Shut the fuck up things'll go back to normal I ain't happy though, now I'm in battle mode The President of hip-hop, with mad motherfuckers on the grassy knoll I take it back to my curriculum days What you say? I body you in meticulous ways Cause you thought I was a donut, you tried to glaze Let me tell you somethin, don't pop shit, fistula face Battle league nigga, talking shit's for amateurs nigga God dammit~! Y'all livin off fantasies nigga You wanna battle that bad, aight go get your camera When it's my turn, I got a four and a half pound answer When I was young, I took down hard targets You a sausage nigga, for coming at me like a novice You never heard "Fraternity of the Impoverished?" Motherfucker, can't you see that I'm an artist? I don't want them childish problems Lyrical manslaughter charges interfere with my "Lyrical Law" process Out rap me, that's preposterous Metaphor marksman mudswampin, we hunt down hip-hop monsters Skin 'em alive tie their carcass to the bottom of my Polaris then drive them all the way to Wisconsin, partner Fuck around, throw yo' ass under the bus face down Lay down, we gonna wait for this Greyhound The fuck you gon' say now? Do me a favour, stop weighin me down Fuckin clown, "Lyrical Law" is too muscle bound Houdini style nigga, just struggle and drown Get it over with, you can never fuck with my style You got raped nigga, you bleedin, don't touch my towel You can spit them whack juice punchline lines all you want But don't front, bottom line, I'm a champ, you a chump You can spit your stupid punchlines all you want But after this the whole world gon' see who won That's what you wanted right, get the fuck off my mic {*scratched: "yo, yo"*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Canibus f/ Born Sun, Killah Priest, K-Rino Album: Lyrical Law (Disc 1) Song: The Emerald Cypher Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro] Niggaz listen to this shit right now Got this shit goin down That New World Order, niggaz is holdin it down Niggaz ain't ready man, everybody know what time it is man Y'all niggaz listenin to this shit right now All my niggaz in the street Man y'all niggaz know what time it is, are they ready? Let's see it, let's see if these niggaz is ready man [Killah Priest] My brain is a coliseum unfinished, an art museum that none vision A masoleum before the sun risen Dark wisdom, break the order of the magic witches The tablet that we gifted, fall in the hands of the music business The sacred oath, to snake his post He flinches, I take his ghost Shadow war, we battle for the emerald wing that unfold wings When you enter the temple they sing, hieroglyphs up a spiral cliff, follow the monk for months Close your eyes when his disciples is sent Every morn' the first satellite hit I spit, the prayer laws recite from scripts then it's back to the silence Patient observe the lotus bud, I write the scroll on each clove This is discipline before beast mode Follow G-O-D code Fondle my prayers beads, under a pear tree, this prepares me Then a chair was formed by the bees I bared the dare, come around me I won't speak for weeks, I hold my tongue Now I can hold the Sun - how is it I outnumber y'all? And y'all got me by 6 to 1 (y'all got me by 6 to 1) [Born Sun] The Elohim hold court in the ether Decidin the fate of the human race I plead my case through the speakers Sun the rapper who mastered the dark matter The God particle mass created to smash atoms Deal with energies that vibrate at higher frequencies Your chakra's gotta be in line to even speak to me Journey through time and I doubt you'll ever find a shine on mines like mine that dwarf Einstein See I confuse Confuscius, with a complex theory of evolution with mind power that devoured Isaac Newton Heaven on Earth? Nah~! It's more like some sort of Hell War with Satan ground shakin from the mortar shell Escape the Matrix like Morpheus Dodgin bullets in slow motion like we smokin some dust But my third eye's bright enough to spar with the Dalai Lama Verbal projectiles pierece spiritual body armor I'ma, master builder from an enslaved mason Tryin to hide my true identity as my creation Lines I scribed identify who I'm facin It's war! And either you a God or a Satan "Lyrical Law" draws a paper thin between love and hate Decide if you destroy or create They think it's verbal but this warfare is spiritual We box 'em in, apply pressure to his physical Check one two, who got more style than Sun do? None do, solar flare your Earth duke, son you I body the mic, I body the beat I body the emcee with the audacity to flow after me [K-Solo] My automated system got eight wicked concoctions If that don't satisfy press nine for more options BOOOOP, I can't believe you just did that Twenty thousand wigs just concurrently slid back Ha~! I blow flames in hot dosages If I get too thirsty the Earth'll be oceanless Feelings don't move me, I guess I'm emotionless Sick party host, pinata full of locustses Bobbin for live grenades inside a bucket I know the plural pronounciation is "locust" but fuck it!! What are the percentages, of a man actually choken to death after swallowin phonetic images? I spit unlimited pandemics, they're liberally distributed Millions of rappers skin grafts and can't spit it As I child I would see and slay; they'd check my room and find my imaginary friend's imaginary DNA It's gutwrenching - my ultimate intention is to sit on top of The Tower of Infinite Ascension Carry know the agg' jacker who ravages natural Like Z in the alphabet I keep comin after you The judge said for the sake of my health I've been ordered to stay a hundred miles away from myself You ain't hard! You a fake, I won't stop until I've blown his cover You softer than the baby sister of a Jonas Brother [Canibus] You ain't a behavioral scientist, why you dyin to spit? You try too hard when you rhymin with 'Bis, try again Approved this for public release, fuck with the beast with bucked teeth bust your guns or get rushed in the streets Handcuffed to the back of the Jeep, blindfolded You hear a foreign language they speak, you do not know it Kidnapped to Kemet through Khartoum to parched sand dunes to a dark room, to witness your doom Bash you in the face with the mag, rope around your neck over a tree branch, hoist you up with three sandbags You shit yourself, your pants sag Global broadcast, man that's sad, they lynched him in the lab Twenty-four apprentices for hardcore fellowship Twenty-four masters, twenty-four lyricists Dead to the world, alive to the hearts that are pure If you endure your mind's opened doors Complete the last step without crossin my rep Who's next? What possessed you to jump off a cliff? I spit darts, once you stop the hip-hop juggernaut Kill you bloodclot, you stink like jungle rot Me I'm a Hermann Bushido Dogan Shotokan The prototype of the first proto rhyme With combined payloads, my glide bombs provide flows that cause World War II death tolls at live shows Independently targeted, bombin shit from so high up in the atmosphere you lose consciousness No oxygen, only Canibus anti-oxidants Think about it, why spit into a bottomless pit? I'm so isolated lyrically, they put me in a desert facility to test my abilities, check out my melodies Designed by Pratt & Whitney, rap so swiftly TAW-50 following me cause you're with me Your high bars are lukewarm, let me school y'all Intravenously cold blooded coolin coils are runnin through my jaws The Sun's hot - I'm warmer; the metaphor explorer I give a order, you can't cross the border! We ain't religions, don't talk about the Torah We'll crucify you on the cross for a quarter Welcome to my House of Slaughter, signing on the roster Go downstairs, put your stuff in the locker and come back, let me see what you got son, I dropped him Rappers steppin to me? I ain't the one Spontaneous nucleonic you the opposite, be honest You produce reduced knowledge, your discography is dishonest Both promise, change your name to MC Silence Yes, your album inspired me, no I didn't buy it Talk back, nigga get fired I'll erase your verse off the track so fast you'll wake up tired Candles go out, darkness infiltrate the house What the fuck he talkin 'bout? He got a mental case mouth I forced him to his knees, told him to face South Empty your PayPal bank account 'fore I blow your brains out Untouchable since the day I came out That's why these wack niggaz keep callin my name out How the fuck they gon' change that now? How they sound? I'ma put him in the ground, "Lyrical Law" style How you liked at me then, how you liked me now How you liked me in the future when I'm wearin that crown The crown is invisible, you don't have to be a loud individual You act like hip-hop is all you listen to If that's true, this is for you Then I'ma keep rippin you, cause that's what Canibus do If that's true, this is for you And I'ma keep rippin you, cause that's what Canibus do The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Canibus f/ K-Solo, Ras Kass Album: Lyrical Law (Disc 1) Song: The Golden Cypher Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash {*"Whoaaaa" scratched for 0:22*} [Ras Kass] Uhh Rap so klepto, any mic I steal Y'all niggaz don't belong here like Michael Steele at a Republican Party, I go for {?} Leave cum stains on Sarah Palin's veneers for sure Like I'm in Mordor, tryin to burn the ring up The black semi knock your block off like playin Jenga Have sex with the whole world just by raisin my middle finger But y'all don't hear me though, +Inga+ And just like that I'm back spittin nasty as +Foxy+ Then I'ma stop servin y'all like the soup nazi Happy Days, then I'ma spin off like +Joanie Loves Chachi+ Burn rubber, the Maserati mach three Screamin mazeltov at my aki +Squad+ vomit at Keith Shocklee for the beat made of broccoli Got a Palestinian girl, her pussy the bomb Get it? Blew up, you can't stop me [Canibus] That's right, I wreck melody, so much energy Why get on the track if you can't stand next to me? So much energy it's a felony Your microphone memory remember me, this is your penalty You can't keep up mentally, you can't rhyme intelligently Do it on the track, can't do it in front of me You frontin, you and your man get all psyched up like it's Fight Club Times up, you lost, life sucks So does your wife slut, got a nice cunt Last night we wiped white stuff on her butt True power cannot be achieved by fightin over the mic You can't compete with Canibus, aight~?! If your hat's turned to the back and you rap be prepared to scrap You don't have to be scared of no strap Cause your mind overstand all that Fall back or no more contact with the Gods of rap Go back to the "Lyrical Law" lab, first of all you trash You can't add all the rhymes you had Your mouth is a wound and your tongue is a scab This is a concept the young mind doesn't grasp That old stick in the mud, will put a gold bullet in a gun Show you where red blood comes from But that's not what you want, you want love Where does that come from? Define that you bum One thing at a time, intertwined as one mind The proto in the prime of one perpetual line No evil one I can divide, no matter the times try No matter the lies that claim otherwise Slumdog drug lord, guns drawn, motherfuck guns laws You catch a big mini-gun gun charge This is "Lyrical Law" not lyrical war This is spiritual God, get your lyrics {*echoes*} [K-Solo] I'm nice with everything but chopsticks Eyes couldn't see my style with glasses or binoculars made of optics Stop it, slam it, rappers couldn't scoop a topic Let alone follow they finger to mock this Caught your hand on my style kid, put it in your pocket If you can't get it home, what the fuck is the logic? Want my devices, send my boys in to send fire to the ground Hang my flag and brag, who's the nicest? My Fort Knox, like Bunker Hill, {?} emcees guerrillas Rhymin to go banana, breaks performed by Mad Drill Man chill, your man'll get killed And when they dump his ass off they gon' find him in a landfill If I have to I will, that's on the real I'm +Destiny's+ only +Child+ of the pay, on these girl group "Bills" Word to Arthur Kill, Gun Hill for real Wolf Gang, Murder Mouth, it's the king of the hill The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Canibus f/ K-Rino, Skarlit Rose Album: Lyrical Law (Disc 1) Song: Cypher of Steel Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro] It don't take nuttin to play exclusives man I wanna see niggaz get down with the motherfuckin skills man That's what really count man, any motherfuckin body can play, motherfuckin exclusives man It's about, the creativity, the blends, the mixes The skills nigga~! Take it back to the essence of this shit man Let muh'fuckers see what you can REALLY do [K-Rino] I'll give you one clue to guess what my rap gun do Like kung-fu, I got a steel pallet I practice runnin my tongue through Ninety extra inches my lung grew, I stun you And when I'm done a paraplegic'll outrun you You want head trauma, real soon I'ma promise I'ma drop seeds that blow up like the the Unabomber's momma Y'all know what happens when a rapper starts yappin I'll be bionic orangutan hand back stabbin I break light speed surge and illustrate verbs His career was so short his bio was eight words See I'm admittin the sentence was well written except THIS motherfucker should have never started spittin! I'm too triflin to let him life again I'm stiflin pain permanently by feeding you nitrogen Vicodin See some of the worst speakers that I know could vegetablise your flow like pico de gallo Boy you got a lot of balls, playin with a dude that can telekinetically extract bricks out of walls If you come in my zone dissin my curriculum I chew your ass out like the flavor in a stick of gum [Skarlit Rose] The linguistic league bitches, cutthroat, smeared lipstick Wrists slit and I suggest you keep the {?} dissin before you wake up in a tub to only find your ogans missin Make sure to leave your tongue, with hopes you continue spittin Dickridin, label providin, your fraudulent image You the type of silly hoe to have no sense to begin with Listen hooker emcees, on a mission of death, last breath Your final rest, baby who got next? I pop your lungs from your chest cavity You consider your amateur blow to be challenging well then battle me! I'll be waiting six feet, beneath the sheets of your thesaurus Deep defeat, crack your teeth, no AutoTune on my chorus Distorted your image, while drownin all your hopes and wishes Revenge is served cold on a set of dirty dishes Snitches, yeah, haven't you heard? I'll put my barrel in your mouth and show you what a women's worth [Canibus] This is the definitive guide, on beats and rhymes On how to get a black eye fuckin with those black guys You better listen to what I'm sayin and teach yourself Or I'll give you a belt and watch you beat yourself Told you don't make a sound if you do they will put you down Then all I'ma say is look at you now Hip-Hop was not based off risk on a primal level We rhymin with you, not rhymin at you You better understand this shit or get talked to in Arabic Banana clip, you don't wanna talk to Canibus You talk about bars, my upper torso crawl up the wall in your house through your window boy Burglar bars get ripped off, bite off your arm Leave +Jigsaw+ scars, that's just a doll This is Thunderdome hall, decoded like Sean The laser beam scan the apartment, it's gone Metaphorical wizard, the Oracle visit every four minutes Until I finish, you bring me more Guiness I'm like Devin the Dude, and Mexican food with some Mexican dude and some gunslingers too Come through, call the airstrike on your hood Evacuate every bitch that make love so good So what you wan' do? E'rybody chillin, we cool Don't have to rip the face off no fool That ain't "Lyrical Law" that's a lyrical rule I ain't did this before, I don't wanna be cruel I just wanna be loved, but the world wants blood So we barricade the doors and wait for the noise Nature boy, my name is deployed, the cave is destroyed If you mention his name, he gets annoyed Cause boys should not play with psychotic toys A boy should not talk with a psychotic voice Stand before me, don't plead no case Cause you passed "Lyrical Law", you already great So take your place next to any emcee that's great In the Most High's name we pray "Lyrical Law" The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Canibus f/ Chino XL Album: Lyrical Law (Disc 1) Song: Cypher of Five Mics Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro: Canibus samples scratched] "None of y'all got the balls big enough to battle me" "Fuckin with Canibus, you get ate up" "You can't even absorb the rhymes I record" "Cause I'm the BADDEST motherfucker above average" "Hit you so hard, my hand breaks and my shoulder dislocates" "I snatch your crown, wit'cha head still attached to it" "The Canibus is ill like that" [Chino XL] I murder a sixteen to the point that it's embarrassing Hide a grenade in my jeans, douse the booth in kerosene Shatter your heart's main vein pipe Insane at night I might have your career disappear in plain sight Throw you off the top of a church, stab you with a steeple I'm bloodying punchlines like I assaulted a hundred zebras Non-believers and their Lyric Jesus is haters that savor They're afraid since my native halo in the cradle became a famous behemoth misbehavin angel Insane but able with razors scrapin your face through ya neighbours naval A fatal fable from Satan's table with an unstable brain cable I'm hateful, blame it on being bi-racial I'm psychologically an anomaly Should be given formal apologies, honestly, a human oddity A commodity, Godly when rapist spittin, his blood spillin Chino so stuck up, gotta peel me off the fucking ceiling I'm bringin so much beef it'll make a Hindu kneel Too hard to kill you, heart's unequal beat you 'til you partial gristle tissue Too fast for a photo, I slash the rapper who'd be homo Leave him just skull and crutches like Jackass's movie logo Burn down your fuckin apartment, barricade the fire escape What I spit is rape, Chino make nightmares try to stay awake You've never had a fly quote and nigga you and I know the best thing you'll ever write is a suicide note Get the fuck outta here! (Five Mics, yeah) [scratched Canibus samples] "I kick that shit real niggaz feel" "The Canibus'll separate your body from your spirit" "I'm the baddest motherfucker" "What I'm spittin in your ear  was intended to stimulate your left-brain hemisphere" [Canibus] Canibus and Chino XL, rebels from Hell He's a giant, I'm a stinger missile totin Keebler elf Keep to myself, strategic for stealth; if I don't need it I leave it believe it I kept it greasy for more than 60 seasons Tear the target to pieces reload and repeat it I got a billion bars but I ain't got the time to release it And you ain't got the time to listen to it, hitman music Blow a hole through your head and piss through it cause you ain't fit to do this He vocalled it first, I vocalled it second Lyrics get murdered, we move in and do the forensics Shut down your studio sessions, DNA analysis and collections Cause Mic checking is a Ripper's jurisdiction I'm a telepathic detective, blast you with a non-kinetic weapon back to the essence beyond +The Outer Limits+ Wicked and wretched, send you a message, we lure yo' ass out to the desert Motherfuckers prepare for the unexpected We meet, symbolic technique, anabolic release Any emcee gets weak when he knows he's dead meat If I strike you'll be red for weeks You might check in with a beast that'll tan you like the Mexican heat The steps to my monastery are steep If you still feelin froggy when we get to the top - then let's leap~! Inhale the hydrogen mist, then try to get hyper than 'Bis It can't get no hyper than this "Lyrical Law," hands on, jet turbo fans on Aviators are drawn into a criss-cross sand launch Turn starboard but still can't dodge, bank hard S.O.S call command coms, concentrate can't talk Not out of the woods yet, you can't thank God The red baron's hair is as long as Susan Sarandon War Hawks and red hawks launch out the underground airforce You bail out like Amelia Earhart SEER training is for naught, I caught you before I finished my cigar You a prisoner of "Lyrical Law" Yeah~! Now I'ma seal the whole area off What the fuck you thought? Ain't nobody scarin me off, AIGHT? Niggas be rhymin like they lazy and soft Get ate by the SpitBoss this is "Lyrical Law" Yeah, niggaz be rhymin like the lazy and soft Then get ate by a SpitBoss this is "Lyrical Law" - fuck you! (Get the fuck outta here) [Canibus samples scratched] "None of y'all got the balls big enough to battle me" "Fuckin with Canibus, you get ate up" "You can't even absorb the rhymes I record" "Cause I'm the BADDEST motherfucker above average" "Hit you so hard, my hand breaks and my shoulder dislocates" "I snatch your crown, wit'cha head still attached to it" "The Canibus is ill like that" "You can't even absorb the rhymes I record" "I kick that shit real niggaz feel" "The Canibus'll seperate your body from your spirit" "Cause I'm the BADDEST motherfucker above average" "Canibus" "What I'm spittin in your ear  was intended to stimulate your left-brain hemisphere" The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Canibus f/ Royce Da 5'9" Album: Lyrical Law (Disc 1) Song: The Cypher of Bread & Butter Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro: Royce Da 5'9"] Yeah, 5-9, Canibus Uhh, uhh-uh-uh, uhh-uh-uh uh Uh-uh, uh-uh, uh uh (yeah) Wooooo! [Chorus: Royce Da 5'9"] Rap's my bread and butter Rap's my bread and butter All I do is pick the pen up Get to writin niggaz hear me Get to fightin when I see 'em Get to fightin them cause I'm a [Royce Da 5'9"] Emcee, the truest breed, I'ma live on So whatever this rap sends me, I'ma perform You can get an idea of how ill I be when I spit Light three bombs, you'd be like, he hard No longer do I do what I do for TV Do this for my hood, I ain't rich but I'm good All I see is essence what the lines do is definitely time to expand my horizons so rep this with me Firin, pick you apart, make you gone-o Nobody fucks with me, my spit change to pyro My bitch ain't Cubano, nope, she's Serbian And I hope, you know that I murder with caves like Osam-o I'm the reason they choosin to put they dukes up I'm the same reason they move in them bulletproof trucks Me and Canibus ain't invent it, we just depend on it to eat and if you be in the streets you know how we spit it Cause [Chorus: Canibus] Rap's my bread and butter Rap's my bread and butter All I do is pick up the pen, tattoo the rhyme to your face, written in skin, let's begin [Canibus] Rap bread and butter, gutter, broken language the hustler Starboard rudder, the Coast Guard cutter I'm the studio night owl, stress give me white eyebrows Who the fuck I got to fight with now? Yeah, conspicuous characters creep through America with a killer chemical in a canister called Canibus Crazy as crystal communicate correct signal I call it lyrical, they call it criminal Call the commissioner, I'ma crucify the christian Caligula like they crucified MC Christopher I cast the Canibus symbol in the crowd If there's beef on the ground, I'ma to carve the cow Now, smuggle contraband through the canal I check my clip on my chamber, sharpshooter style La costra nostra, deep like Deepak Chopra I kick your door down in loafers Forty-five in the holster, AK in the baby stroller Babies with baking soda, my lady in the Rover A midget with dreadlocks down to his toes With flows I expose what nobody knows [Outro: Canibus] Rap's my bread and butter Rap's my bread and butter Rap, bread, butter, what the, fuck we gotta do to get recognition for lyricism brother?! Rap's my bread and butter Rap's my bread and butter... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Canibus Album: Lyrical Law (Disc 1) Song: The Ghost of Hip Hop's Past Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash {*first minute of the song is DJ shoutouts*} [Canibus] Yeah, the ghost of hip-hop's past Let's see how long infinity gon' last... Wake up, what is the date? 1988 Hip-Hop is barely exposed to the emotion and hate I hibernate, rhymin from space, my first album ten years late I tried to take it to a positive place But it was like a communist state, I tried to escape My label shot me in the back as I was climbin the gate I woke up, now I'm awake, I found democracy to be fake Hip-Hop sucks, who made it this way? I was a teenager when hip-hop saved the day Paychecks paid the way, not radio play Some artists had knowledge of self, that little bit of honesty helped Violent lyrics promoted positive guilt So even when you thought the message was negative it promoted positive health It was about the rhymes, not wealth It was about our culture, not about what the culture could sell It was a path to enlightenment, not Hell We amused ourselves and this confused everybody else I memorized "Rock the Bells" I memorized "Tales for the Crack Side" I used to rock gazelles EPMD, "You Gots to Chill" Doug E. Fresh, Slick Rick, Pete Rock, "Mistadobalina" was Del Cold Crush Crew, Melle Mel Sugar Hill, Salt-n-Pepa, Sweet Tee pretty as hell Shante dimple on her face, pretty as well I used to wanna smell the pale Roxanne's taie Technics 1200, beat it like an SB-12 Lord Finesse the punchline king, Heavy D was doing his own thing Dio and McGruff used to hold things Biz Mark's big ass gold chain One day I think I saw the Jungle Brothers dancing on Soul Train Marley Marl, Craig G, Master Ace, Big Daddy Kane Kool G Rap put me under his wing On the road to lyricism, with Rakim and them Some real lyricists, Eric B. was sick with the zigga-ziggas I know I'm trippin, it's been a minute So many brothers and sisters it's hard to remember who did it Memories disappear like Whodini My friends disappeared faster than my budget when my producer was greedy {"Fat, Boyyyyyyyyys"} feed me I've been eatin emcees, you still don't believe Brand of wool, brown teeth, red blood leak from Black Sheep Whenever the horns blow it gets deep Digging In The Crates for my niggas in the street Diamond D had the "Best Kept Secret" for weeks D-Nice said, "Bis, you a beast", Redman said, "Peace" Def Jam said I couldn't compete Killah Priest spit "Heavy Mental" before "Heavy Mental" was released Accapella, no instrumental beat My Girbauds would hang low, no crease Timbs on the feet, Cold Cheeks had a Lex Tom Leek had the MPV, J Rav had the Jeep Clark Kent had the Tahoe, Charles bought a 4.6 because of Jay-Z The program director's name from Hot 97 was Tracy Tragedy Khadafi, Queens' first intelligent Prodigy Probably the first Arab Nazi K-9 Posse chew you up like blue chnk chopped meat MC N-I-N-E "This is the way we walk in New York" "Throw Ya Gunz" in the air if you ready for war Throw your hands the air if you ready for more If I don't like the way you look, I'ma tear your face off The Undergod, underground lord When it comes to "100 Bars" you niggaz know who to ask for~! I woke up in the mornin, on a regular day I knew my nigga K-Solo would be around my way I washed off my Thor hammer, the trigger mechanism lubricate It was time to destroy the place He kept sayin if I spit my rhymes on the mic in no time, I would be back in the limelight I said, "Solo, nowadays I don't feel rap Cause it ain't like it used to be, the shit is whack" He said, "No 'Bis, trust Wolfgang, cause I know my shit You already know the flows I spit" We love hip-hop, we gotta pay homage to the shit I love hip-hop... {*fades out, comes back as scratching*} [repeat 2X] Yeah, the ghost of hip-hop's past Let's see how long "Lyrical Law" gon' last [Canibus] DJ Immortal, get it kid! YEAH~! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Canibus Album: Lyrical Law (Disc 1) Song: RIP vs. Poet Laureate Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro: dialogue from "Gladiator"] You have proved your valor, yet again Let us hope, for the last time  But there's no one left to fight, sire There is always somebody left to fight [Poet Laureate Canibus] Are you an ego monster, writing ten thousand bars? I'll melt your squid face with ten thousand stars Your battle raps dried up like the ass of the Sphinx And your brains fried up, my verses make your ball shrink I'll kill you like Marie Curie with ionizing radiation You are facing termination by your own creation My metaphors mechanics will toss you off the planet You smoke too much chronic, my vocab is volcanic Infinite beings with black bars, that eat through rap stars Travel time in fast cars, you fire past Mars I ran back home to battle Rip on the phone Right after I cracked Can-I-Bitch with the Mayan Sun Stone You say we'll live without fear for several millions years If you hold hands with your peers like a bunch of queers My Stryker Brigade driver, strike a gay rapper I leave Rip dehydrated with lines of hot lava I tie you up with a snake, shaped like a sideways eight and watch you break and suffocate at an unrelenting pace Mechanical skeletal structure was designed with a heavy mental Your mind's left behind, it's as light as a feathered quill The will of knowledge God controls thoughts and movement And force Can-I-Bitch to eat atomic waste pollutant LL crucified your career with "The Ripper Strikes Back" I slice you from ear to ear, who's the Jamaican in the body bag? [Rip the Jacker Canibus] Rip the Jacker quantum creator, the quasar quaker So many layers I can't demonstrate it on paper My melodic emulators cut you down with trachea lasers of deeply deposited argon vapors My every verse is a psychic intitutional burst I choose which layer to listen to first At the peak of the bell curve, earthquakes make me misspell words but loud and clear my every verse is well heard They barely understand you; the unseen hands that sample you and command you is quite puritanical Henry Louis Gates Jr. said I was a lyrical computer A great leader of a spiritual movement Homo Noeticus student, the cosmic human Homo Evolutis, divine rulers from a digital future I'm a poet not a puppet, I spit these rhymes without a budget with more infinite rhymes than cousins Non-periodic, comets Halotolonian bubbles in solidified rock deposits When you take the time to unearth what I did You will witness infinity, every verse is a bridge Uneasy lies the head, my crown is too heavy for your men The mixing board got a thousand channels plugged in Music generated user generated Mixing board entertainment for you mental entrainment [Poet Laureate Canibus] You rhyme until the meter say 9, 9, 9 I rhyme in a straight single line until the last crinkle of time I know that seems wrong, but my conscience is long gone The silly caught tongue rippin the Ripper on his own song You could never hold me back, Dr. Frankenstein's monster Rhymes in abundance, so my student Rip the Jacker is nonsense Repugnant, "True Hollywood Story," I batte for the glory I will become the final chapter in Canibus' allegory Made the name killing Jackers and washed up rappers I don't care if you pulled the trigger on the infamous masters Have you had enough yet? Check the death of a great vet Probably the best yet until infinite Laureate Couldn't even work the console on your own time machine A hundred years, hurtling when you exploded on the scene The tattoo on your arm now belongs to me I will inscribe it with the words Laureate Infinity [Rip the Jacker Canibus] The mic on my arm is symbolic for a knowledge bomb Celestial arms spiral into viral columns I was betrayed the moment you were born And more often than not, I say it in my songs All day long I talk about +Lyrical Law+ I reserve the right to say whatever I want If God kisses your face and the Devil kissed yo' ass then how come you ain't got no God damn cash? The breakaway civilization, generations on blast The human population is reduced to ten percent of the half for those who love to laugh Bolides collide with incoming craft The geography is nanoscopic nano-typography If you don't understand, don't mock me The midnight lyricist with a one thousand bar cylinders A Ripper's lyricism is unlimited [Poet Laureate Canibus] Laureate Infinity! That was no freestyle, nigga that's a mean lie And for that you've gotta spend time up in the Green Mile I destroyed a whole city block, then {?} all sturdy cops Your fingertips is on the street lock, make sure they put you in the dock Heard you're back on your car, dance, while hip-hop is ill So with the Cain of Todo Vail, still searchin for the Holy Grail Opposites stuck with the word break up with the rhyme control I profess that it is my fate to swallow your soul Hova you need a new fix, you use an Infinity mix and never give me the credit, I feel that's the greatest trick I am the hip-hop God inside an Iron Man suit Rhymes ricochet bounce back end up killing your own troops I'm getting tired of having to spend time with you Rip you gotta go first, Rip you will become my mad bitch 2007 'til Infinity, psi-ops on the enemy I will forever be the illest lyricaly [Rip the Jacker Canibus] The opening mechanism for the Sphinx is behind the ears But there is freedom behind your fears I am the autistic King Ellipsis who broke the Ecliptic But don't nobody wanna listen After twelve I turned into a Rakim gremlin Bare witness to my lyrical fitness Paranoid chillin Bob Dylan, hip-hop villain Lyrical Law from the heart of the Dark Lizard King spittin Killer gilla reptile with poisonous venom Give 'em a pulmonary embolism when the rhythm hit 'em Bus 'em, punishes women and children, whoever with 'em The illest alive, still living, still spittin The audio master, blast you with a vocal sample trigger I'm the illest, I'm the illest, I'm the illest They got their plans and we got ours Plus I got my own plans if something goes sour [Poet Laureate Canibus] Got cut off from other emcees for sayin they aren't worthy Got kicked the fuck off Universal for smokin that sticky purple Rip the Jacker you are crazy, William you are just lazy Battle me ten times on the same day cause you never did amaze me I got unparalleled passion writing lyrics unbelievable You got unparalleled passion for recycling your own material Begin using punches because your brain doesn't function Since the nights in Arapi they were a military function Producing bars of precision, incredible inner vision Follow the trooper intuition to finish the last mission Buried on Mars four hours after spittin your last bars Your spirit becomes infinite lyrics to the stars Under the extreme force the grill of your face melt Fuck Rip the Jacker, I appear courtesy of myself Beat you blacker than blue from the North to the South Check a rhyme knockout easy, in a portion of your mother's house [Rip the Jacker Canibus] Fast acting bio-hazard, my verse is a surface burst Blastin and attackin and backtrackin through a massive magnet Global area with bio-location for rappers Vocals powered by zero point magic motors How many times you done this before 'Bis? Created an album that some love but others dismiss My heir apparent, is tryin to hijack Hip Hop usin some fucked up mixing board spirits Everything I've written for my brothers and sisters who still listen This ain't no frickin fake reality vision This a real mission, the real wheels of steel still spinnin I laugh, radio DJs ass kissin How far would you go to be a rapper? Ask 'em Beyond the absence of light is only blackness How far would you go to be a rapper? Ask 'em Beyond the absence of light is all blackness [Poet Laureate Canibus] I'm consummate, so when I diss, you wouldn't want to answer this I can rush and make them men in a minute but you ain't shit Canibus If you mastered the final lesson I could be your secret weapon Blasting whoever testing in less than a half second Killing caused by visionary lyricist with a light saber Channeling raw visuals forever digital The fate of Rip the Jacker's arch-nemesis, specialist, geneticist Put you in his labyrinth then finish transcripts to Genesis I said the best shouldn't have to take breaths That's correct, yes, you can't ever pass the test The most powerful in the booth, harness the power of proof I can't rest until I decapitate your body then poof You takin a break, for water, as my signal it starts slaughters Creatin heavenly ordered with source from quarter to quarter Rip the Jacker's living not it's just me, I kill rappers Battle the last Jacker's feed on bloody cold {?} [Rip the Jacker Canibus] Two hundred bars, eleven minutes, eighteen bars per minute Yeah, I still got it, can you fuck with it? Superior rhymes recorded inside ethereal time Uncontrived and alive by design Tiger tooth Spider-Man divin off the roof Smile~! It's the truth when I'm rhymin over loops I'm in a spaceship minus the roof Yeah, a real spaceship, somethin I designed in my youth Let the world know the truth that I designed iller records than you I wrote, produced and recorded and released a lot more records than you Just thought that I should get more credit than you cause I'm better than you See, you can lie to me, but don't lie about me Is that all you got? No wonder you grouchy My lyrics sound horrible, your voice sounds lousy So why you still be up on radio talkin 'bout me? [Poet Laureate Canibus] I spit on target poems from the East to the West It's spit that turn rivals to stone, cold tone deaf What do you want me to rap about? Go 'head, try your deen Hard reality, fantasy, or a storyboard scene You've proved you're second, take your company and mad mixtape Producers ran back home at an unrelentalyzed pace Refusing to spit live, producers take nose-dives Never the same style since Lars got you reassigned 2005 the last day you weren't locked up in Hell You got beat up by black cobras and knocked up by Chuck Liddell Nobody even cares if the cosmonauts are here Why would you even want to help these worthless humans to prepare? I'm the sickest linguistically of all infinite mixes The Susannah roll me hemptress will forever be my mistress You're living your final days, I'm to thank you with the {?} remote You ain't for games, compute your final bill [Rip the Jacker Canibus] Catch-phrase me if you can, nobody rhyme like Javelin Fangz I grab the mic with pure knowledge in my hand Jump off the bridge, you fake niggaz scram I will strangle you with dreadlocks, and my bare hands Take you to the ground, release no release I'm a beast - run out of wind? I'll hit you with the piece One, two, three deceased, it's already chaos goin on in the streets, it's just you and me I'ma make you eat everything you said about the kid Hip-Hop's one of those things I'm proud I did I respect your whole catalogue and what you've said And I'ma share your legacy with the one's who cared They say, "Hip-Hop is the greatest story never told" Imagine what it'd look like at a hundred years old You can't use mind control on a timeless soul An emcee's lyrics defines his role [Poet Laureate Canibus] I've got "Melatonin Magik," what are you 'Bis? A crack addict Sit, sit down at the mixing board if you ever want static Pompous ego, legs of an eagle, wearing new Speedos Injecting dirty needles at the top of the Space Needle I got the vocab for your starvation, you got rhymes for a child More words in my mind than drops of water in the Nile Murder the Horse forward raw, meteor metaphors Opening Hell's doors, memorizing "Lyrical Law" You got a determined heart and use a military target, you're gone I battle niggaz the hardest, pullin triggers that launches Son of Jor-El from Smallville boy gettin his jaw drilled Responsibility I'm divorcing, I'm a nuclear warhead You're crushing pieces of coke, looking to find or die But man behold, I accomplish goals, when I start rhyming with irrefutable timing, rappers thinkin riding Three blades like the Triton, begging rap niggaz to try Dissed you, I'm the last of a dying breed I'm the first in Earth's history I am the answer to the Universe invincible mystery [Rip the Jacker Canibus] Close encounters with the poetic Buddha Outside Infinity City, with programmable life-form producers The Grand Deception, that's what it was The idea of aliens or anatomical subs For dinosaurs that feed off our flesh and blood They worship the sun, put you to death if you run The serpent from Eden at Glen Rose, Texas museum What's the meaning? They lived alongside human beings Visible photography blends with lomography lens They can't copy, no matter how they pretend The Canibus Man, is just apocalypse in a can But Rip the Jacker spreads soundscapes across the land Constant to your death signals, hip-hop jingles I could literally kill you with a hip-hop single SEI is now online, the next verse reverse time I can float a pound of steel with my mind Tesla shield designed, obsessed with unlockin my mind cause there is no stoppin my kind The photons of life, phase conjugation on the mic My rhymes re-materialize as light The lost Unified Field Theory of Maxwell They know I rap, but they didn't know I rap that well I can't deceive you, the truth is out there for the people The lies are transparent to see through I dream the galactic green, the Northern Lights in the skies Uninhibited by the jet stream God is within me, God is within you too And together we will find the truth They said "You ain't the same Rip, Canibus, Poet Laureate" But you never check to what Germaine think Project CC-gate spit, comet sized "C" spaceship They so shocked they didn't say shit "Lyrical Law" is all about the lyrics And it goes a little something like this Hit it!! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Canibus f/ 4 Horsemen (Canibus, Kurupt, Ras Kass, Killah Priest) Album: 2000 B.C. 12" Song: 2000 B.C. (Emphasys & Elixir Remix) Typed by: nas84@hotmail.com * * send corrections to the typist [Verse 1: Canibus] Yo! My offense is a mixture of Mike and Muhammad Knock a nigga unconscious and talk shit In bare-knuckle boxin', speed is the object Weavin' and dodgin' with defensive blockin' So in the ring, you cannot win The top ten become nine dead if I ever decide to hop in With the one-two, one-two shot to the chin knock you out like ten shots of vodka and gin The beautiful blend of power and strength From the top of my head, down to where my toe cuticles end I verbally burn a nigga Lyrically hurt a nigga Pull a voodoo verse on a nigga Kennedy curse a nigga Who can spit the words quicker than the average man? Who can embarrass a man? Bite you with fangs and mangle ya hands On candid cam, the Canibus can The Canibus can with the stamina to damage a man [Chorus: Canibus] + (Killah Priest) It's been a long time, I shouldn't have left you (should have never left you) Without a strong rhyme to step to I told y'all (C'mon!!) I roast y'all (C'mon!!) So come on (Hold on) Hold on!! It's been a long time, I shouldn't have left you (should have never left you) Without a strong rhyme to step to I told y'all (C'mon!!) I roast y'all (C'mon!!) So come on (Hold on) Hold on!! [Verse 2: Killah Priest] Thieves in the temple, a priest murdered at the doorstep He heard the hounds of horses, surround his fortress Look down, the whole town with torches Blood on the door knock where our lord slept Night before the see-er saw it, so they slept nautious Broken windows with canisters, hidden cameras Masked man at the top of the bannister Shattered glass everywhere, someone pushed his man down the stairs A knife in the back with a note attached, read 'Beware' Looked up, saw a blowin curtain, a open window and heard the whistle of the soft air, someone screamin 'warfare' So Solomon takes cover, a servant yells out 'the bitch is cursed don't touch her', but he trusts her, he also loves her Cause her to hold the sharing, his bright morning star His lil' way out the valley, a spy cut her throat inside a dark alley Someone knocked his daughter off a balcony, bloodshed in Galilea The cowardly flee to the hills of Cabrera Thieves of a hundred gates, the queen of cities No one shows pity, flyin spirits, floatin demons, fallen saints Soldiers walkin by their ranks, service of the East gate, scared to drink What would our leaders think? Every man lookin at each other, scared to blink The seed inside the sanctuary, scary Portraits of Saint Mary, with Mona Lisa The Queen of Cheeba, strokin a cheetah Other mid-wives sayin 'I don't like the way he treats her' Pass the reefer, bass cheeba, Solomon judge wisely Wisdom spoken of highly, hair knotty, ask God 'Why me?' [Chorus: Canibus] [Verse 3: Ras Kass] I'm live evil, I know live people Anxious to bang ya wit heavy metal like Magneto Now who really on some gangsta shit? Not every nigga with a stomach tattoo, bandana and a click homey You ain't dope just cuz ya sniff it, I lace ya blunt with it That just makes ya a wack rapper and a drug addict, get it These niggaz rhyme like they AK spray shit Sell a ki of yay shit, gotta ride, homicide, every single day shit Get smacked in the streets by some real nigga who don't play shit Hit the pavement screaming it's just entertainment And that ain't it, life sucks like pedagation My obligation, expose all ya funny bunnies Rappers actin slash fudge packin for the money Cuz next week if the new fad was hip hop fags You'll find a lot of these thug niggaz in drag [Verse 4: Kurupt] I'm ghetto symatic, automatic static Catatonic, supersonic, ebonic chronic addict Astronomical when the thunder dome sinner In the depths of the dungeon Dangerous, disasterly Catastrophes, metamorphis into a pit To run and die, cracking the bricks on the walls Camoflauge on the side of the lodge Bout to put something up in the garage Its time for World War 3 mufucka! You know me Young Gotti mufucka! I holds the microphone like a grudge In a 'llac laid back so back the fuck up Dis might give you a heart attack It's real simple can't get more simple than that (than that, than that) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Canibus f/ Youssou N'Dour Song: How Come Album: Bulworth Soundtrack Typed by: AQuaman456@aol.com Yo  As the universe expands I contemplate whether it was God or the Big Bang that made man Sometimes I wonder how come We cant live without guns What would of been the outcome if the South won Think about that son What in the hell caused the assassination of Malcolm The federal communications commission listens to politicians in the position to Make certain decisions like puttin minorities in prison To decimating the population of women It's called socialism From the United States to the United Kingdom Aahhkk, spit into the sky and extinguish the sun, but how come In the future The location is planet Earth The time and date is 1999, December 31st 11:59 p.m., the anticipation of what I think's about to happen got my heartbeatin We got less than a minute left before the planet Jupiter is united into a star I know it sounds bizarre but it's mathematics A specific sign for some of the planet's inhabitants Those who understand know what I'm sayin is accurate Our country is corrupt from the president to the cabinet In the year 2, followed by three 0's The space probe Galileo, will welcome us all to channel zero but how come The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Canibus f/ Rakim Album: Celebrity Deathmatch Soundtrack Song: I'll Bust 'Em, You Punish 'Em Typed by: WizdomNXS@aol.com (Canibus) Yeah, I bust 'em... you punish 'em (Canibus) Yeah...let me bust 'em (Rakim) Naw, I'ma punish 'em  (Canibus) Ra, let me bust 'em (Rakim) Naw, I'ma punish 'em (Canibus) Naw, let me bust 'em (Rakim) Naw, I'ma punish 'em (Canibus) Come on Ra, let me bust 'em (Rakim) Yo Bis, I'ma punish 'em (Canibus) Yo, yo... Out on the battling tip my verbal lateral grip  Keeps my tongue glued to the A-Dat when I'm trackin' 'em swift Let my spit lubricate the chap on my lips And make you rappers have fits 'cause I'm back in the mix Forget a pad and a pen, I write rhymes on an IBM Ebonics is dead, the binary language is in Canibus practices in a room wit a thousand candles lit Meditating on this rapping shit Because my freestyle reigns sovereign Wit a deeper conscious than the prophet Muhammad was born wit My brain cavity is enormous My left hemisphere alone harnesses all of the 7 ?????? While the right one harnesses darkness The type of dark that makes a house haunted The type of dark that people get lost in The type of dark you fear when you're dead in your coffin I hear you talkin' but I ignore it Cause you garbage and your rhymes borin' So keep standin' on the corner,  the thrash-man will collect you in the mornin' Thug cats frontin' Wacker than Blinky Blink  on the back of the wack-ass wagon babblin' about - nothin' Now that real hood rats could get it on, black Meet me at The Tunnel where pussy cats get robbed at Rubber faced rappers get stretched like elastic claymation  characters with verbal vernaculars Slappin' ya like a white water raft or an Olympic kayak paddlin' across the - Niagara  Fake MCs haul ass like they runnin' track  Where ever Canibus or Rakim is at (Canibus) Let me bust 'em (Rakim) Naw, I'ma punish 'em  (Canibus) Naw, let me bust 'em (Rakim) Naw, I'ma punish 'em (Canibus) Ra, let me bust 'em (Rakim) Naw, I'ma punish 'em (Canibus) Naw,let me bust 'em (Rakim) Naw, I'ma punish 'em  (Canibus) Naw, let me bust 'em (Rakim) Naw, I'ma punish 'em (Canibus) Ra, let me bust 'em  (Rakim) Naw, I'ma punish 'em (Canibus) Naw, let me bust 'em (Rakim) Naw, I'ma punish 'em (Canibus) Come on Ra, let me bust 'em (Rakim) Yo Bis, I'ma punish 'em (Rakim) Be ready and at ya best The celebrity match of death Heart snatched through your chest, cardiac arrest Crack your neck while I break your arms, catch your breath Then I asked the ref, "how many cats is left?" One on one, who challenging? Come get did All I have is a pen and punish you kids Abdomen punctured and look what I did to his wig Wanna live then I stab 'em in the lung with his rib Every word I say detach a vertebrae from your spine Rematch wherever we meet at, any place anytime Get your snot-box smashed with a 9 Smacked with a rhyme, push your forehead to the back of your mind Try to explain what it's like seeing your brain Your insane, soon to be ID'ed as remains Then I reincarnate 'em and kill 'em again Again and again, again and again (Canibus): Yo, yo. The battle started with a grapple  He had real long hair so a grabbed a hand full  And chopped 'em in the Adams-apple His partner in back of you tried to attack you  So I'ma twist 'em up like a pret-zel then I'ma tag you (Rakim): I'm on some stone cold shit Warn your whole click Cartilage get blown until the whole bone split Who wanna spit, bang quick, strangle 'em wit his lip He tried to flip but I left his body danglin' (Canibus): You left 'em danglin'  I can't believe he wanna grapple again I swung 'em around like I was dancing wit 'em Put his arms in back of his head and snapped 'em again Then I grabbed his limbs and put in the figure-"6 subtracted from 10" (Rakim): Seven birds, make 'em swerve 'til their vision is blurred Turn cats that suped from superb to nerds Just say the word, I'll leave your DNA on the curb And stick my dick in your ear and fuck what you heard (Canibus) Let me finish 'em (Rakim) Naw, it's time to pin 'em (Canibus) Ra, let me finish 'em (Rakim) Naw, I'ma pin 'em (Canibus) Naw, let me finish 'em (Rakim) Naw, it's time to pin 'em (Canibus) Come on Ra, let me finish 'em (Rakim) Naw Bis I'ma put an end to 'em The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Canibus Album: Can-I-Bus (Promotional) Song: Second Round Knockout (Extended Version) Typed by: ILLuMiNaRy@aol.com [Mike Tyson] Hey Mike Tyson here speakin with the Canibus man over here Yo Canibus your main objective out here is to do nuttin but eat eat eat eat MC's, for lunch, breakfast Hey man they been playin me all my life man You know I won a title a couple a times did right No but they can't hurt us man  We gonna do it, get up in this ring man, put on these gloves  Let me show you how to handle this li'l nigga  [Verse One - Canibus] Yo I'ma let the world know the truth!  You don't want me to shine You studied my rhyme, then you laced your vocals after mine That's a bitch move, somethin that a homo rapper would do So when you say that you platinum, you only droppin clues I studied your background, read the book that you wrote Researched the footnotes, 'bout how you used to sniff coke Frontin like a drug free role model, you disgust me I know bitches that seen you smoke weed recently You walk around showin off your body cause it sells Plus to avoid the fact that you ain't got skills Mad at me cause I kick that shit real niggas feel While 99% of your fans wear high heels >From Ice-T to Kool Moe Dee to Jay-Z  Now you wanna fuck with me? You must be crazy! You drippin with wack juice, and you can't get it off You better be prepared to finish what you start, nigga! [Referee] - (Canibus in parentheses) Hey hey hey hey, you just hold it right there (Yo, get off me man) We got an illegal low blow on the fighter in the blue trunks (Yo, yo get the fuck off me man) If I see one more of those, you're outta here brotha (Yo get out my way man, yo he started this shit) You understand? (Fuck you!) You'll be disqualified (I'll bite that nigga again!) Stop bein a bitch (Get the fuck off me man!) We came to see a fight [Mike Tyson] Yo Canibus man you gotta hit harder than that man  You don't want no bitch ass niggaz hangin out wit me man  We're warriors man, when we go into battle we come out, or don't come out at all! [Verse Two - Canibus] Yo, you better give me the respect that I deserve or I'ma take it by force Blast you with a 45 colt, make you summersault Shock you with a couple hundred thousand volt thunderbolts Before you wanted a war, now you wanna talk It's about who strikes the hardest not who strikes first That's why I laugh when I hear that wack ass verse That shit was the worse, rhyme I ever heard in my life Cause the greatest rapper of all time died on March 9th God bless his soul rest in peace kid  It's because of him now at least I know What Beef is It's not what I would call this, see this is something different A faggot nigga trying to make a living off of dissing Somebody that he's got to know is better than him but he's feelin himself, cause he got more cheddar than him Well let me tell you something, you might got more cash than me But you ain't got the skills to eat a nigga's ass like me And if you really want to show off, we can get it on  Live in front of the cameras on your own sitcom I'll let you kick a verse, fuck it, I'll let you kick em all I'd even wait for the studio audience to applaud [cheers] Now watch me rip the tat from your arm Kick you in the groin, stick you for your Vanguard award In front of your mom your 1st, 2nd and 3rd born Make your wife get on the horn call Minister Farrakhan So he could persuade me to squash it, I'd saw naw he started it He forgot what a hardcore artist is A hardcore artist is a dangerous man, such as myself trained to run 20 miles in soft sand On or off land, programmed to kick hundreds of bars off hand  from a lost and forgotten land, you done did it man You done spitted some wack shittit  And probably thought that because it's been a minute I'd forget it? Fuck that! 'Cause like Common and Cube I see The Bitch In You and I'ma make the world see it too, motherfucker! [Verse Three - Canibus] I'll battle you on the net I'll battle you in the flesh I'll battle you over the phone, you can call me collect I'll battle you for the respect I'll battle you over a blank check I'll battle you with a gun to my neck 'Cause battling's my favorite hobby that's probably why you despise me We can battle in Hot 97's lobby Constantly battling, out in the streets Or Battle of The Beats, we can let Angie referee Inside the jail y'all fenced prisoners look tense Armed with shanks waiting for the battle commence Ladies and gents, pick up the phone and call in the side with the highest  ?pennant and decide the wench? Lowest versus the highest, I'll start a riot You're a virus, you run around screaming "Stop The Violence!" I rip mics tighter than pliers You say you the greatest of all time? You're a liar, your time's expired You no longer have what Hip Hop requires, so retire!!! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Canibus f/ Killah Priest, Kurupt Album: Can't Fuck Wit/Talkin' the Talk (Promo CD-S) Song: Talkin' the Talk - HRSMN Typed by: staminado@libero.it, ThaMasta@Wu-Lyricz.Com [Intro: Kurupt] Underdig, underdig that Pull it back Blast, pull his wig back It's like that Lil' bitch niggaz Horsemen [Chorus x2: Kurupt] Everybody thinkin' that they Talkin' the Talk Everybody thinkin' that they walkin' the walk Nigga watch out, shit's about to spark Nigga cuz ya just can't do it, nigga we run through it [Kurupt] Everybody.. [Canibus] You don't have a broad enough bandwidth to understand 'Bis Like what if - I changed my name to CAN-I-RIP Tell me, would you understand it? Or does it trouble you? Is it too much over your head, does it puzzle you? I can rap about whateva the fuck I want What's wrong with rappin' about whateva the fuck I'd done Visually and verbally, I'm hi-res cutting edge and if you know Rakim then you should Know the Ledge I know I do, get everything I've ever rhymed to staple it together and you got a fuckin bible Let me remind you, records like Beasts from the East proove that I crucify you if I ever get to rap behind you. What about the freestyles I put on vinyl for DJs and hiphop heads to get hype to Besides who raps like I do? If you ever heard I'm not the best you bein' lied to Here's a FYI to I can rip but you don't have the mental bandwith to understand Bis Niggaz wanna talk the talk but when they get their feet chopped off they can't walk the walk [Kurupt] Bitch niggaz.. [Chorus x2] [Kurupt] Now I could rap about whateva the fuck I want Is it wrong to rap about whateva the fuck I want? Fill the body bags, off the commando Volvo Sendin' bodies home in car loads In my former life my name was Ricardo People used to tease me and call me retardo Then got it started to whoopin' niggaz retarded Rambunkious, raidin' niggaz, ricocheted it Power as Foreman, electric stormin' Horsemen stormin', ragin' war in Negligence, poetic Pegasus Nigga, smoke forms in the form of pestilence I reign, like snow and hail And sour like Concords, "Boy, is that yo shit? Is that yo bitch?" Better get a nigga cuz she on the Horsemen dick (Bitch) Lyrical linguistic twist shit like licorice sticks Comin' with a glock and a clip {*imitiating gun sounds*} Verbals on job like missles when the AK's spit Runnin' shit like the St. Lunatics Bitch niggaz [Killah Priest] I spit verses similar to curses Have nurses closin' up the curtains Callin' up surgeons, hookin' ya body up to circuits But ya condition just worsens to the point ya lungs and ya heart stop workin' 'Til ya carried off into churches then leave off into hurses Play six feet Beneath the Surface Along with the worms and the serpents But I be somewhere in Persian wearin' turbans Herbalist, the verbalist, the thoroughest Some kind of divine therapist Come back to the states as a terrorist Wearin' a face like I never exist Pull out the Beretta and I spit Cops touch me then I sever they wrist Ask yourself what type of era this is It's the era of the horses, Priest the Horseman Priest the Horseman, keep talkin' [Chorus x2] [Outro: Kurupt] Everybody.. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Canibus Album: C of Tranquility (Promo) Song: Pine Cone Poems Pt.2 Typed by: Immortal_Breaker@hotmail.com The "C" of Tranquility, Canibus spit for infinity I revolve with the Earth lyrically, uh Yea ya'll wassup, The Ripper right here Can-I-Bus Yo, yo I rest alone in a cold cabin composed of stone from old Agin A sarcophagus filled with gold tablets The archaeological dig-site, excavated the bone matter of this unknown rapper The blood of the Gorgon was used as a cure for the poison The poison that destroyed his organs His DNA was shaped like a Series of sideways 8's Space time is converted to time space The soundwave signals looks like ocean tides when they ripple He spit to precision instrumentals Sidewinder rhymes hit you, split you The target area surface was no wider than a nickel Control Room simple.. His chair was chiseled from quartz crystal It gets so hot, his skin sizzle He piloted the missile from a digital menu  inside remote headgear he would put on to look into By mastery of the mental he was able to see what the past and future civilizations had been through Acoustic imagery transmitted through the music n energy When I'm spittin no distance can limit me The gallery of my art was refabricated and placed in a Ark But grave robbers rip the pages apart, they got caught Whoever told me the secret is now dead I cannot tell you or I will end up like them!! The meaning of these rhymes are dead to the modern day mind Even if you hear this a thousand times Because if this many have died Ya inner light will not shine if ya Pineal gland is calcified The silver cord is a metaphor for the will of the lord I was called to climb aboard and explore That's when I saw the tree of life in the yard The apples on the floor were gored to the core!! The coil spirals remind you, but be mindful External experience reflects what's inside you Inside us all, behind the wall, inside ya skull, but exposed in a song AHHHHHH, I was struck in an electrical storm The flesh on my left arm is scarred the mic's gone!!!!! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Canibus Album: MP3.com *  Song: Canibus - Hiphop.MP3.com Exclusive Typed by: wukillerb@hotmail.com * Canibus site - http://artists.mp3s.com/artists/259/canibus.html Bout to put it down for my man Paradise right here on mp3.com alright? Yeah, check it out yo uh, yah uh, uh, yah, check it yo, yo, yo This is hardcore, out of my heart's core Principles, laws, equations, and formulas drawn on chalkboards Generate thought forms quicker than Concordes With onboard computers logged on to On Star En garde, take ten steps and draw I'm the law around these parts, respect it dog Or you might spend a weekend in the county morgue With an unsuitable coffin that's way too small And a deacon blessing your body at a funeral You get a 21 blunt salute, and life goes on Gotta stay *positive*, focus on the *protons* And post dope songs on mp3.com As deep as a Tupac poem, I wish I got to know him Both him and Big Poppa was the greatest, and know they gone 'What's Goin' On?' On my album, I'ma do a song Who Shot Ya? Remix featuring Shyne and Sean Before I battle total strangers I make em sign disclaimers, that state they're aware of the danger See, I might become overwhelmed with anger Split your skull like a banana, and bludgeon your face with a hammer You wanna rhyme? Fill out this W-9 Sign below the dotted line, now your publishing's mine I gotta have your publishing rights, hang you upside down See if you scared of heights, remember Vanilla Ice? Ask Paradise if I'm nice I took the train to Chambers Street and blacked out on his mixtape twice Back in '95, I was a tiny guy You could see the hunger in my eyes, I just wanted to rhyme And I'm Still in my prime, Still chasing down what's mine Still, like Dre, but Jay-Z ain't writing my rhymes Quick to say hi, and quicker to say bye Take a flick with some guys, and leave before the Polaroid dries "He was standing here a minute ago," the brother replied "With his mind on his money and his money on his mind" Reflecting over the times when I was signed Selling records for ten dollars, but only a dime was mine What's the odds of rolling two dice with six sides each? As if there's only 36 ways to die in these streets There's a million ways to die at the absolute least One of those ways is messing with the Beast from the East Aka me, aka the capital C Ripping the Jacker with Paradise on mp3 keep it locked y'all... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Canibus Album: MP3.com (artists.mp3s.com/artists/259/canibus.html) Song: Talkin' The Talk - HRSMN Typed by: staminado@libero.it * * send corrections to the typist You don't have a broad enough bandwith to understand Bis  Like what if - I changed my name to CAN-I-RIP  Tell me, would you understand it?  Or does it trouble you?  Is it too much over your head, does it puzzle you?  I can rap about whateva the fuck I want  What's wrong with rappin about whateva the fuck I'd done  Visually and verbally, I'm hi-res cutting edge  and if you know Rakim then you should "Know the Ledge"  I know I do, Get everything I've ever rhymed to  staple it together and you got a fuckin bible  Let me remind you, Records like "Beasts from the East"  proove that I crucify you  if I ever get to rap behind you.  What about the freestyles I put on vinyl  for DJs and hiphop heads to get hype to  Besides who raps like I do?  If you ever heard I'm not the best you being lied to  Here's a FYI to I can rip  but you don't have the mental bandwith to understand Bis  Niggaz wanna talk the talk,  but when they get their feet chopped off  they can't walk the walk The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Canibus Album: http://artists.mp3s.com/artists/259/canibus.html Song: You Can't Fuck With the Canibus Man Typed by: blazedgoodie@home.com [Canibus] Yo, yo, let me explain something so that you understand You will never be iller than the Canibus man You could be male, female, black, white Fuck the details, I rip a nigga with a rhyme till he screams help Any nigga I told to kneel knelt You haven't the slighest idea what a real MC is about You need to be yourself, you can't sound like nobody else And you can't do all of the beats yourself You can't do it without the streets help Niggas on the block that blast the boom box till the speakers melt That's how I was brought up, big fat elephant balls what I'm a knucklehead with big walnuts, small frame extra large guts I'll do anything to a nigga if he pushes me hard enough I use to rhyme like all day I mean little nigga spittin till my jaws felt sore with pain I use to train with myself in the mirror Like "Mirror mirror on the wall, tell me who's iller" How you like that? I use to say it just like that Maybe I should copyright that, I'll be right back (Pause) Sorry to leave you hangin I write things down quick cuz I ain't takin no chances Thats the difference between you and me You a wanna-be, and I'm an MC I'm just in the booth right now I'm just kickin it with you right now I'm tellin you the truth right now You can't fuck with the Canibus man, you can't fuck with the Canibus man Chorus: Pacman You can't fuck with the Canibus man, you can't fuck with the Canibus man (2x) [Canibus] Now in this rap field, I got a lot of confirmed kills I put niggaz through drills to prove if they got true skills You coulda sold millions, but if you ain't got 100 bars shut the fuck up At least don't talk to me, cuz I aint hearin you If you that ill, give me a hundred bars, I'm darin you I definitely ain't scared of you I go to war cuz I'm prepared to lose Just as long as I get to damage you Take the mic from you, then put a knife in you That's what I like to do, make you lose a pint or two If you a lion I'm a tiger too I could be as nice as you, but if you a snake I'm a viper too Look you in the eyes and lie to you Thinkin about all the possible ways to kill you while I smile at you You like to get fly nigga I'm a pilot too Don't even try to get deep cuz I'm a diver too Don't try to fit in my shoes cuz you cant Nobody can fuck with the Canibus man, understand? Chorus (2x) [Canibus] Yo, yo, yo, my mouth is mechanically mechanized My verbal weapon fires a whole clip of rhymes before you can get off one round Can-I-Bus will buss ya, apply enough pressure to crush ya, I pulverize mother fuckers Leave MC's laid out like hurricane debris, 15 Megatons of TNT The overseas block busta, bustin up blocks like the Tiguska meteorite to hit Russia Comin from the underground I discovered A ground underneath the ground before underground bunkers Dedicate it's blunkers, deeper than the labrith Conductin excavations of the matrix Living in uninhabitable places, craters of a desert like oasis with a cydonian faces As barren as Las Vegas, as barren as the wombs of women who use artificial insemination As barren as Utah's Salt Lake City basin, as barren as ancient Egypt before irrigation A five-star chef makin mouth-watering creations with blood stains on my apron Put the heads of wack MC's in my oven and bake them Then garlic bread sticks in their eye sockets and taste them It's not really that odd, when you consider part of the ancient culture loves to eat dogs Feline cats with their claws, paws and all Caucasians eat frogs, African-americans eat the hog Hindus in India will kneel to the floor and worship cows and rats as gods I raise the odds, spit rhymes towards Mars and beyond to the nearest binary star I'mma tell you once more my main man, you can't fuck with the Canibus man Chorus (4x) [Pacman] You can't fuck with Pacman neither Artist:	Canibus & Biz Markie Album:	Office Space soundtrack Song:	Shove This Jay-Oh-Bee Typed by: mamasuga@hmc.edu [Canibus] Yo 6 o'clock every morning you waking up yawning To the sound of your alarm clock alarming About an hour from now You should be at the place of employment Which is annoying cause it's so boring Your co-workers are talking too loud for you to ignore them It affects your occupational performance You wonder why your work load is so enormous Because your boss just laid off three quarters of the whole office People get depressed, they get ulcers From the stress that the corporate environment causes Regardless of how you ultimately wanna solve this Seems to me like you've got one of four choices: You could take a new job offer for more chips Stick it out a little longer or forfeit But my advice to anybody that wants to quit It'll feel much better if you say it like this: [Biz Markie] Take this job and shove it I ain't workin here no more Take this job and shove it I ain't workin here no more Take this job and shove it I ain't workin here no more Take this job, take this job, take this job and shove it [Canibus] Yo, if your boss is a S-O-B Tell him to S-H-O-V-E the J-O-B Put your middle finger up slowly Put it close enough to his face so he can examine it closely Say I ain't workin here no more Who do you think you are? Rip your apron off, throw it on the floor Run to the door, to the payphone Make a toll-free call Tell your spouse what happened and where you are So they can come and get you in the car later on And help you search for a new 9 to 5 job If the unemployment line ain't that long You can take your time printin out W-9 forms Eventually, you'll get on if you try hard enough And you'll get money if you keep punchin your time card enough Maybe you hate it, maybe you love it But if you hate it all you gotta do is get mad and tell the boss to [Biz Markie] Take this job and shove it I ain't workin here no more Take this job and shove it I ain't workin here no more Take this job and shove it I ain't workin here no more Take this job, take this job, take this job and shove it [Canibus] Yo, some occupations are like slave gigs The boss's favorites get placed in something spacious While the most hated get placed in some small cubicle spaces Or get thrown down in the basement, get your stapler confiscated You constantly waitin for a paycheck Twelve months passed by and you still ain't get paid yet Here's a optimistic motto If you ever late for today you could say you early for tomorrow Most 9 to 5's are hard  cause the description in the job ain't no picnic in the park People get hired Drink coffee to stay wired So they don't get tired, sleep late, and get fired [Biz Markie] You came in late, you already ate,  nowww, you wanna take a lunch break!??! [Canibus] Ay, yo bust it, ain't no need to discuss it Just take this job and shove it, right between your buttocks [Biz Markie] Take this job and shove it I ain't workin here no more Take this job and shove it I ain't workin here no more Take this job and shove it I ain't workin here no more Take this job, take this job, take this job and shove it Take this job and shove it I ain't workin here no more Ah Ah ah ah ahahah ah I ain't workin here no more Take this job and shove it I ain't workin here no more Ay Ay Ay ayee ay I ain't workin here no more Canibus and the Biz It's comin from Canibus and the Biz It's comin from Canibus and the Biz From, from Canibus and the Biz The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Canibus Album: Patriots (single) Song: Patriots Remix Typed by: drvesa@aol.com, westsideodee@yahoo.com [Canibus] I go to war I keep it raw I go hard I go to war I spar I keep it raw I go hard [Canibus] I make your weak crew release stool I put a pistol in your mouth and pull Then I feed you to the pitbulls Don't even talk about guns Cuz the only 9 you got is a 5 dollar bill and 4 ones So I don't really care what y'all hype-o-holics say Because anything that can't penetrate ricochets Rhyming with me on the record? You might as well had died and went to hell instead of heaven Cuz my rhyme weapon is like a medieval torture method Your four limbs tied to four horses all pulling in different directions In this profession I get busy without a question Seeing me is like seeing a vampires reflection Fast or slow flows connect like electrodes I make cassette tape decks blow when I'm in wreck-mode Explode leavin areas abandoned with more radiation behind than spots UFO's landed in [Canibus] I go to war.... with the best of them I spar....... with the best of them I keep it raw.... with the best of them I go hard.... with the best of them I go to war.... with the best of them I spar....... with the best of them I keep it raw.... with the best of them I go hard.... with the best of them I go to war.... with the best of them I spar.... with the best of them I keep it raw.... with the best of them I go hard.... with the best of them I go to war.... with the best of them I spar....... with the best of them I keep it raw.... with the best of them I go hard [Canibus] Can I bust, I bust off before the coin toss Then I rip your loin cloth off Look how small your genitals are You got a Napolean complex Barber shop gossip Says you used to grab ya ankels in jail for all the convicts Lap dancing quadraceps As fruity as a pina colada On a tropical island in the Bahamas Trying to win a bikini contest Them skeletons in ya closet got flesh on them and they smell rotten Trying to battle is like standing on a launch pad In Cape Canaveral with me in the astronaut capsule Ready to blast you on a journey to space Ready to turn your whole face into sirloin steak Comparable to questions the bible How is it possible that the model ship Fit on incircumscriptible A congo in this concrete jungle Pull out your tonsils And stomp you into the earth like fossils  [Canibus] I go to war.... with the best of them I spar....... with the best of them I keep it raw.... with the best of them I go hard.... with the best of them I go to war.... with the best of them I spar....... with the best of them I keep it raw.... with the best of them I go hard.... with the best of them I go to war.... with the best of them I spar.... with the best of them I keep it raw.... with the best of them I go hard.... with the best of them I go to war.... with the best of them I spar....... with the best of them I keep it raw.... with the best of them I go hard [Canibus] I'm the meanest master of the ceremony on this whole team And I can kill anything if it bleeds or breathes Callin all frontline infantry forces on a mission I got a Howitzer bigger than any Four-Fifth is Rapping is a raw business But as an individual I'm as different as anybody's finger print is If boring is the norm I'm the antonym Put me in the category you would put Marilyn Manson in Buggin like a satanic evangelist Jogging butt naked down Susnet Blvd in Los Angeles Every MC in your crew would get ruined or wounded You talk the bullshit and be too scared to do shit I'm the type of cat that would prove it Produce shit Spent so much time in the studio i had to move in A soldier who practices West Indian obia I can drink the poison from a king cobra Cause long after y'all are dead and gone I survive the nuclear holocaust like a roach arthropod Is it all soldier Sir, yes sir! Is there anything you need Sir, no sir! Report back to me before the briefing, at ease! Artist: Ras Kass, Heltah Skeltah, Canibus Album: Rhyme & Reason soundtrack Song: Uni-4-Orm [Canibus] I pulverize MC's and blow up mics From street corner cyphers to international web sites I'll run up on you and set it for no reason My flows are like body-blows that cause internal bleeding Cause I'm the baddest motherfucker, above average With alien deoxyribonucleic acid A blood spore, with meatphors of all sorts So fly I need a pass port just to walk [Ruck] What the deal, baby? I'll set it off while my people beat you upside the head With lead from my desert eagle Fuck how people treat you, Ain't got no time for your feelings On tracks I'm revealin the facts that be concealed in A book, cause most black niggas don't read Got me thinking bout my sister and my new-born seed See this world is filled with idiots (What are you, and idiot?) Illiterate, inconsiderate, motherfuckers that's kickin the illest shit [Ras Kass] I'll let two-thirds of this nigga that's water evaporate Then I want Jesus Christ to evacuate Fuck pullin a nigga's card I want the deck and the dealer Global monotomy, sodomoy is my commodity I see one bitch-ass nigga Then my head blow like the Oddities You emtpy T.V., I empty MC (Nigga) Record industry rule numers one, two, and three Jews run it, Niggas run around in it, Believe me Break: Rock (), Ras Kass [], Ruck {}, all (Hip-hop belongs to us soldiers over here) [Nah, hip-hop belongs to us niggas right here] {You a idiot, hip-hop's your heart over here} So throw your motherfuckin hands in the air [Rock] Ya'll must think I'm stupid, But I know my shit Just dollar smoke that makes me wonder like that robot bitch Yo, watch this Got this locked, try for the key, You get popped in the face like you're throwin fries up in hot greese Rockness rips straight through toys Got rappers jumpin through windshields like they Duke Boys I told ya, this east-west is bullfit like a Pablo's Philly's wherever I go until I blow trial, yo [Canibus] Canibus remains undisputed, but never rooted I'm strong enough to throw a bullet faster than a gun can shoot it So if you try to battle me face-to-face, I'll bring your career to a stop quicker than anti-lock brakes Look (look) inside the mind of a animal That'll beat you to death with a bar of soap wrapped in a towel And while you niggas is babblin, My lyrics is travelin Like a javelin To stab you in the abdomen Chorus: Rock (), Ras Kass [], Ruck {}, all (Hip-hop belongs to us soldiers over here) [Nah, hip-hop belongs to us niggas right here] {You a idiot, hip-hop's your heart over here} So throw your motherfuckin hands in the air (Hip-hop belongs to us soldiers over here) [You see, hip-hop belongs to us niggas right here] {You stupid, hip-hop's your heart over here} So throw your motherfuckin hands in the air [Ruck] Who want beef from vegetarian? When we thump, your knees bump like a Kerrigan The veteran, better than sick crews Take your medicine, I can vic you From the crib'll let him in Keep your locks on Son, I think the plot's on (With who?) With the baby girl, yo, the bitch said her pop's gone (For real?) Proceed to creep, du There's no need to sleep, du, I'm nocturnal Don't care about my where abouts, nigga, it don't concern you [Ras Kass] I got nigga's heads dividin faster than nerds at a calculus convention See I school niggas, then I after-school niggas like detention It's a chinch to bag bitches now But I remember they was dissin when I was broke, I was good for nothing But now I'm good for nuttin down them bitche's throats (Uh-huh) Like Rock say (You'll get the bobway...) So just say when You got anything to get off your chest besides yo chin This nigga spit like I was teething Fuckin up more human beings than Europeans [Rock] Dutch boy, guard yo leg like I'm Barkley Don't start me, I'll pull Sparsky, He'll rip apart three of you in a heart beat In the dark we see like owls, bats, vampires In a large tree Ready to snipe that ass at warp speed Launch torpedos MC's know what they weak flows We float and bounce on tracks like a goddamn speed boat So slow yo ass down, no doubt Don't be hasty, face me Or you'll be jettin diesel, Bench-pressin daisys Chorus (X2) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Canibus Album: Rip the Jacker/Canibustible/Last Laugh 12" Song: Rip the Jacker Typed by: xlmvx@hotmail.com Calling all dogs, calling all dogs Be on the look out for a big homo nigga with dimples And I'ma let y'all know somethin', it ain't just start here We've been preyin' on that ass since "Jack the Ripper" And now its time to rip it to the jacker (ahhhhhhhhhhh .....) [Verse 1]  No rapper could rap quite like I can You know who the fuck I am, I'm the canibus man I had to rock to a beat like this to show you That I'm iller then the future, the present, and the old you I told you, wish you could take it all back don't you Tried to smoke some canibus but canibus smoked you Calling yourself the greatest is something you don't do Cause after I humiliate you what will the G.O.A.T. do You can't rap or act my main man You goin' end up as an intern working for Def Jam See you was never bad enough to battle with Canibus You out of luck, I crushed you the minute I got tatted up And every lie you told just added up cause you wasn't man enough To be fair, but I'm mad a fuck and I've had enough Jack the ripper or I'ma rip the jacker Rape a rapper with a classic from his own masters You're dead [Verse 2] There's a rumor going around that I got dropped 200,000 albums sold at 10 dollars a pop 300,000 albums were shipped, you do the math Thats 3 million in 3 months so kiss my ass All these magazines tried to steamroll me to death Guess what, the G.O.A.T. ain't platinum and neither is 'Clef And I'm still here, inspite of all that shit them niggaz said The skinny kid, the music industry's guinea pig Tighter then ever, world's chief mic recka Tougher then reverend run's muthafuckin' leatha I'm hardcore, cum shot right in your wife's face You soft porn, you held hands on the first date See when you was making records like I need love Your homie Cornell was givin' it to you up the butt Plus I heard Simone was the high school slut And she learned how to fuck before she knew how to cuss Nigga you're dead [Verse 3] You married a slut and had kids with her to cover up your hustle You and your man Russell made a better couple Your probably mad as fuck, wondering where I got the information from Your being watched even when you take a dump Its impossible to front, you can't hide The chairs at your label got ears and the walls got eyes Your living one big lie the world just don't know You take a polygraph test that shit would probably explode The truth is mr. smith you got a fucked up attitude God knows that I pitty your fans for backing you Yo, this be the realest shit I ever wrote You should change your muthafuckin' name from G.O.A.T. to G.L.O.A.T. The Greatest Liar Of All Time that cannot rhyme That cannot shine as long as I'm alive Your prime ended 8 months before '99 And that microphone on your arm will always be mine  Nigga you're dead  [Verse 4] I told you to leave it alone, but you was too stubborn Now your in a world where the hunter becomes the hunted Your wife is scared cause she don't want to lose a husband And somebody keeps paging you putting 4321 in You can't sleep at night thinking about the drama Shit stains all up in your phat farm pijamas Even f.u.b.u. gear looks hot until it touches you Probably because your father undoubtedly butt-fucked you Mama said knock who out? I'll punch that bitch in the mouth Cause she don't know what she talking about Ay yo, do me a favor when you see your ghostwriters Tell them the rhymes they wrote for you should have been a lot tighter You could have asked me, I'll write you some lines I'll do anything for the greatest loser of all time You still drippin' with wack juice 'cause you wack nigga If you want the last word you can have it, I'm still iller You're dead The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: A+ f/ Canibus, Mr. Cheeks Album: Hempstead High/U-N-I Vs. All Song: Boyz 2 Men Typed by: DesperadoJ@aol.com, Masta10304@hotmail.com [Mr. Cheeks] Basically, LB Fam to the motherfuckin death Park side, Queen's niggaz represent Long Isle, how we do? They new our style Represent niggaz in and out the P now Yo, I could do this mother shit for a while I don't give a fuck, my rap style be true yo Yo, eh yo, yo, yo, how we do this Hey yo well back on my South Side, Jamaica part of town where us real niggas love to get down Where you only hear G and P finessin tracks up on the tape We stuck in Queens and I'm not tryin to escape Yo Im havin cess', drinkin, I'm kickin raps and Emceein LB for life, kid my way of bein Its time to, set up shops, wild in this game and got props and fuck cops, we puffin lah wit windows up in drop tops Nothin stops my crew from gettin it we learn from the past Puffin on this ounce of weed, I got this drink in my glass Conversatin with myself, what does my future hold? Niggaz is dyin, will i make it past 30 years old? I can't run, I guess I gots to hold it down till I'm done What the fuck's the deal? I been doin this here from day one Official Queen's nigga, be a Lost Boy till my death Until I breathe my mothafuckin last breath Chorus: Mr. Cheeks {2X} Eh yo from boyz to men We're strictly Fam, no longer friends Lets keep it thorough, I hold it down till its on again Until we meet again, yo I'm back up on the street again I'm tryin to make it, throw out my nine but pack the heat again [A+] Check this out Yo, yo My mind is reachin twice that size than it only did last year Three times its likely to feel clear A+, I transform into a super emcee With super vocals quicker than Superman can find a phone booth The whole truth nothin but the whole truth, I roast you Thermonuclear vocals get hotter that in Shanobal The double O, just abide nuclear explosions Exposin radiation like a vulcan I'm the only guy that knows why the golden eye was stolen by five soviet spies They told me to lie, they dont want to hear the god spit Chop my hands off at the armpits but i regenerate limbs Like Star fish, comin at you with the hard shit Swallow my beeper and page myself so I can communicate with a dolphin Lyrical arson rush the planet like a million martians committin arson Walkin the tarpits in India with snake charmers that place all the weight down... [Canibus] Yo A+ fuck the nonsense I got the reinforcements To crush any enemies offense with a hundred thousand Horsemen And the hardest muthafucka on the market right here I'll complete in a minute what would take you a light year Extra-terrestrial biological entities with infinite energy battling for world supremecy Who wanna get touched The CAN-I-BUS will crush you With hard jigsaw puzzles and strong jaw muscles Ambushin emcees jumpin out the trees like Vietnamese in fatigues covered with leaves Interrogatin you wack emcees like MIB's with dark glasses Askin you to tell me exactly where that alien craft landed By flashing bright light in your eyes with those silver gamas So when you revive you cant recall or understand it Thats how the Canibus keeps tabs on the planet I use amnesia to neutralize public panic and take advantage of oppurtinites to do damage I pierce your heart with evil thoughts The only thing faster then tha speed of light is the speed of dark With the jaws of a great white shark I rip you apart My state-of-the art lyrical lasers is razor sharp Splatter the brain matter of my enemies with the same bullet trajectory that murdered John Kennedy in the back of his cranial cavity which is actually what happens to any motherfucker for tryin to battle me Chorus {2X} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Canibus Album: U-N-I Vs. ALL  Song: It's Logic Typed by: FugeeCamp@aol.com [Canibus - Chorus] Yo...Yo...You can lick shots in the club, I don't give a fuck who you hit! (It's Logic! As long as it's nobody that's in my clique!) Yo! You can catch a nigga at the stoplight, and snatch him out the whip! (It's Logic! As long as it's nobody that's in my clique!) Check it! If a bitch got AIDS I don't care who she sleeps with! (It's Logic! As long as it's nobody that's in my clique!) Yo! You can even admit, you know who the gay rapper is! (It's Logic! As long as it's nobody that's in my clique!) [Canibus - One Verse] I'm the greatest scientifically inclined mind since Einstein I write blue ribbon rhymes for Nobel Prize time Tryin' to shine with the shit I invent I know I ain't perfect, but I'm 99.9 percent Which means I represent and get deep in thoughts with philosophies  like a rolling stone gathers no moss  At any and all costs, M.C.'s get flipped, ripped, split and tossed with lyrical brute force, of course Y'all niggas is microsoft like DOS Fuckin' wit' me you'll catch a free round trip to the morgue 'Cause I ain't scared of none of y'all Word to Allah We can go to war, with four-four's, or squashbuckle with swords Toxicated off the La-La On some Rah-Rah I'll blow your stereo the fuck up if it ain't a Hi Fi  Lyrical scholar  In the physical form of Allah Niggas'll tell you that I'm nice with the Blah-Blah-Blah!!! With the knowledge of my forefathers You niggas can't battle me because I'll quadruple my brain capacity The intellectual ath-e-lete accurately rapping so rapidly Yet he makes perfect sense mathematically I happily accept any rapper's offer to challenge me Fifty M.C.'s reduced to forty nine casulaties I'll be the last man standing With metaphors a charlie horse couldn't put a cramp in It's the Canibus gettin' busy with Tony Touch The fuck that I don't even give a fuck about, don't give a fuck...what?! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Canibus Album: U-N-I vs. All Song: Shout Out to Lost Boyz Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [DJ Clue] Yeah, DJ Clue, Desert Storm, all up in ya area with the LB Fam, Love Peace and Nappiness A little sample, but first.. My man Canibus, gon' rip shit down, ha ha [Canibus] Yo, yo, YO Lost Boyz the Beasts from the East up in this piece with a new release on the streets every fifty-two weeks and I dare a nigga to challenge us; I turn the Love Peace and Nappiness into your blood on a napkin in the ambulance Fuckin with the nigga called Canibus, just the sound of my voice'll give you a positive urine analysis I'm a lyrical demon, stronger than crack fiends that smoke two P's with a C in between em LB Fam, makin the music niggaz dance to And we sip a very substantial amount of Jack Daniels L-O-est, B-O-Y-Z we lock shit We invested all of Legal Drug Money profit Showin love to each and every nigga that copped it In they Jeep, Lex Coupe, Beema or Benz knockin it Music Makin You High, givin you that urge to spend two-thirds of the money you earned on herb You're fuckin with the LB Fam, we do what we gotta do You never get the chance to shoot back at who shot at you Nigga, you'll be dead before you reach the hospital Lookin at you layin there with blood comin out your nostrils Queens most wanted, quick to clap a nigga Rap at killers who wear Carharts and Caterpillers Totin the four-pound, holdin the fort down before Heavy D bounced to Uptown became a ghost town Cheeks, Lou and Thai see eye to eye Spig sees eye to thigh, bein the shortest but he still gets busy on the one and two's regardless Heard about the Clue tape, so I had to get on it Lost Boyz and Desert Storm, Show Us the Money cause we STILL hungry, we STILL got the growl in the tummy We STILL grimy and grungy, dressin bummy Doin shows for foreign currencies in other countries Tryin to finance me a Hum-Vee with low mufflage Get a production deal, start our own record companies Sign our own acts, and rhyme about whatever we wanna rap Decorate our walls with plaques Summertime eighty-nine or better degree weather Nine-seven DJ Clue and LB Fam forever [DJ Clue] WHAT?! DJ Clue, all up in ya area [Canibus] Yo yo yo hold up I don't think niggaz know man I'm gonna rock some more, check it out, yo, yo Now just by watchin you, I can tell that I got you to face me, somethin you don't wanna do, my rhymes are too hostile, they'll beat you down in public like the cops do Sit on top of you, make a human pinata out of you Flow as potent as possible, creatin obstacles Three Feet High and Rising, like the chronicles of Posdonus The old school hip-hop, is where I get my style from Uptown Harlem, is where I get my lye from My cousin with mad guns, is where I get the nines from Area 51 is where I be gettin rhymes from I'm not a human being I'm the human being ill with a I.Q. that's off the scale If words could kill, a verse of mine'll murder a mil' And MC'sll be gnashin they teeth, burnin in hell I'm learnin to be the head instead of the tail I ain't followin nobody else to increase my sales Metaphors are real, like they been forged in steel Stood before the judge told him I was forced to kill And how I went for mines to get Paid in Full Then I went for minds again and ripped em out of niggaz skulls The nigga on the block with the biggest balls, layin niggaz on the floor, robbin em too a Biggie Smalls song "Turn your head round," give me the cheddar I'd rather be a lion for a day than a lamb who lives forever "Turn your head round," give me the cheddar I'd rather be a lion for a day than a lamb who lives forever *echoes* The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Canibus Album: Who Owns You? 12" Song: Who Owns You? Typed by: can_i_bus3@hotmail.com * * send corrections to the typist Jackers...Jackers  Jackers...Jackers  Jackers...Jackers  Jackers...Jackers  [Canibus]  Yo...I thug it wit' you, I slug it wit' you  I had niggas runnin' around like ''yeah 'Bis brung it to you''  Nigga i'll punish you  Catch you in the street like what's the issue  Monkey face i'll monkey flip you  I always wanted to dis you  You ugly as a pit bull motherfucker i'll rip you  This is where the Broad St. bullyin' stops  My bars of gold bullyin' yours are not  Truth is I never thought your metaphors were hot  You just talk a lot a shit cuz your on the Roc'  There's no proof in your ''Truth'' it was a flop  That's why Jigga signed Cam'ron to take your spot  You think you hot cuz you got a little bling or what not  A typical hustler all you do is think about rocks  With a budget like yours you should a sold more  You probably think you were couped nigga your so wrong  I think Jay fucked you go look at your deal  In that black mink you look like a ape for real  If I was blind and I couldn't tell  I'll probably still hear it from a bitch that you ugly as hell  For starters the Bentley aint yours it's Shawn Carter's  And if it aint Shawn's its his partners  Your just another ?convict? artist with frog lips  On the Rocafella roster that follows orders, nigga!  You tryin' too much you lyin' to sluts  You too hyped up, spend some more time in the cut  I'll turn my voice up loud so I can tell you was sup  Rhyme for rhyme you was never ready for 'Bus  Your quotables are anecdotical  Your whole crew softer than tofu  Most of y'all don't even know the ''Truth''  If you did then you knew I was a soldier too  Doing what you already sold your souls to do  I'm doing shows and my wrist stays frozen too  But I own my shit who owns you?  I should sign to the Roc'  Battle you in the lobby or worldwide plaza make you resign on the spot  Give me that mic' back Mack Bitch you can't spit  I don't even know why the fuck Jigga passed you that shit  I'll embarrass you with that shit, blast you that quick  Wrap you in plastic and toe-tag you as a Jacker  Jackers...Jackers  Jackers...Jackers  Jackers...Jackers  Jackers...Jackers Artist: Canibus f/ Lisa Stone Album: World AIDS Day Benefit 12" Song: Aids is Gold, HIV is Platinum Typed by: KxOVxEOnE@aol.com [Canibus] Yo yo, I just appeared outta nowhere, 1980 was the year Engineered as a biological weapon of warfare Now with this I generate with more fear Even though back then nobody cared and people wasn't as scared I never used to get so much attention Most of the top contenders at the time I was good friends with For instance my man small pox was hot He used to SoundScan ten thousand a week and that was a lot That nigga Hepatitis B, he was hyper than me He used to get between twelve and twenty thousand a week Alcohol was the neighborhood star Bubbling, drugs had niggaz juggling  All kinds of controlled substances My man cancer was like Charles Manson Cigarettes almost made the Surgeon General ban them Homicide was buggin cause he had guns to amp them And I was on the low amp cause I had a plant kid Chorus: Canibus and Lisa Stone (repeat 2X) Aids is gold and HIV was platinum Sit down, ask them where you get your facts from Five hundred thousand niggaz in the hood with it And a million more niggaz is gettin ready to get it [Canibus] Yo, yo, now that millions is dead I'm considered widespread Number one on the top ten and considered a world wide threat To all the kids, thirteen to twenty-three tryin Sex, unsafe sex, you niggaz need to use latex H-I-V will progress to A-I-D-S And transform your warm blooded bones to dry flesh By stressing the immune system  Promiscuous men and women trying to avoid getting the micro-organism in them from running up in it raw Ready and willing, a couple of minutes of a good feeling is what'll kill them Break ya body down in steps, breath for breath In the hospital wit less then a dozen T-cells left Chorus [Canibus] Yo  I went from "Killing Them Softly" to killing them harshly Minorities from twenty to forty can't afford to ignore me They do my dirty work for me - goin to  raunchy ass parties where they be havin orgies to transport me Through the semen and blood, needles and drugs Choose which one of the two demons in evil you trust Cause the only way I could be detected is by getting tested and most people don't question the person they having sex with as to whether or not they infected Even the people you already slept wit  wouldn't suspect that they can catch it Forty percent of the AIDS patients is Afro-Americans And we only twelve percent of the population That statement is a fact, latinos and blacks face it It came straight from the World Health Organization Its the iron fist, scientist, slash rhyme-chiatrist Here to diagnose that we dyin quick Chorus 2X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Almighty f/ Canibus, Keith Murray Album: Original S.I.N. (Strength In Numbers) Song: Handle the Heights Typed By: pneumatic [Young Girl] He's Almighty, They can handle the heights Show em what time it is [Hook: Canibus, (Killah Priest sample)] (Everybody can't emcee) Can you handle the heights, Can you manage the life Start spittin some lyrical shit that I could listen to (Everybody can't emcee) Yeah, Can you handle the heights, Watch how I handle this mic [Canibus] Yo, Been through shit past, Remove your mask I blow nerve gas through chicken wire at your ass Prepare protocols yall, I declare war Butt stock to the skull til the last man fall I'm an H2O buffalo, A male strong producer's my undertow A slow process you must undergo Javelin Fangz, Shit bang you in the head with a bed stick See if you can bang like this I am black Pegasus, I escort to Alcatraz Sagittarius archers serve as my ground force You shot costal, Gout sprout from your mouth My drop white phosphorus bombs, I'm snow clouds Come around un-announced, Zombies crawl out the ground My team's authorized to gun em down Look alive, Look lively, Lie to a motherfucker Die to my posse on Broadway, Catch a body [Hook 2: Canibus, (Killah Priest sample), {M-80}] Can you handle the heights (Everybody can't emcee) Can you manage the life Start spittin some lyrical shit that I could listen to Can you handle the heights (Everybody can't emcee) {Watch how I handle this mic} Start spittin some lyrical shit that I could listen to [M-80] I can handle it, The Los Angeles mic avanglous Ignite flows like a candle stick when strictly out my manuscript What I do for success is considered a threat Your best bet against Allah is bullets brang by rap arras Didn't have what it takes, I would've stolen it Shift, Shaped and molded it and called it my own So when I dictate my dialect the science is revival This is highly obvious M-80's home on his thrown Was in your shoes I would save up some funds Do knowledge of self then reflect in a pair of new ones So you would know how it feels to appeal the dome You value your heart and sole more then your cushion insoles Gave a what, I would want a receipt So I could write you off on taxes every time that you speak I was born to compete amongst a swarm of unique intelligent emcees While your destiny is prone for defeat [Hook 2: Canibus, (Killah Priest sample), {Bronze Nazareth}] Can you handle the heights (Everybody can't emcee) Can you manage the life Start spittin some lyrical shit that I could listen to Can you handle the heights, {Yeah, Watch me handle this mic} (Everybody can't emcee) {Gun Rule vandal in sight} Start spittin some lyrical shit that I could listen to [Bronze Nazareth] Ayo, I spit heat serum, Beat clearin shots at your sternum Burn em and send home our post cards to the sermon Dirty vermin with shiny crowns and their dirty gloves Show me thirty rounds, One for love, Bringing in slugs I speak life sentences, Trapped in the years Words escape like inmates from trapped between ears Practice crackin sutures, Pollution from mutual war My thoughts on a theatre ship like Lincoln on the ball floor Keep the Magnum P.I. on top of it prophet Detroit West burglars with murderer's logic Pin point chest and vertebrae, Burn through your topic Serve'n multitudes of fraudulent emcees be the conquest We send warning gas, Harass like mad snacks We toast, We crack glass, Smoke hash through Alaskan pipe line Recite grenades, Bronze sonic mind Runnin in front of the grim reaper, I'm ahead of my time [Hook 4: Canibus, (Killah Priest sample), {Keith Murray}] Can you handle the heights (Everybody can't emcee) Can you manage the life Start spittin some lyrical shit that I could listen to Can you handle the heights {Yo, Yo, Check how I handle this mic} (Everybody can't emcee) Start spittin some lyrical shit that I could listen to [Keith Murray] Ayo, Everybody and they Momma wanna rhyme So I hit em with more power then a molecule enzyme Rappers persist to rock a mic like this But aint mentally spiritually lyrically physically fit You are not accustomed to my blows to the chest I wear you down like post dramatic stress I got to much mental capacity For an uneducated street punk to fuck with me I drink like a fish, Got a memory like an elephant Submission specialist, Murder emcees excellence Peep the rug scheme and the way I mounty it My caliglialism is in the slang I pronunciate Metaphorically can't be challenge'n but not meant to complicate I eat emcees, Rappers I regurgitate You aint even gotta be considered talented to be considered exceptionable In this hip hop profession, Meritocracy is the standard status quo yo And every Joe lip professor Before you open your mouth make sure you can run that route Before you get knocked the fuck out [Outro: Keith Murray] Yeah, Can you handle the heights Yeah, Check how I handle this mic Uh, Yeah, Can you handle the life Uh, Yeah, Nigga, Get your game up If I catch you it's a problem... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Bronze Nazareth f/ Canibus, Raekwon Album: School for the Blindman Song: The Bronzeman 2 Typed by: Bronze Nazareth [Intro: sample (Raekwon)] They'll never stop listening to me (yo, whutup nigga) They can't tune me out (whutup nigga) They're drawn to me (yeah you gotta turn that shit up nigga) Drawn like moths to a flame (this shit is serious, Keep it always official man Add on comfortably and shit) I say the things they wish they could say (Make sure everything is real for real) These ineffective jackals, stay up all night long to hear me speak their minds! They can't tune me out, they can't tune me out! They'll always be there (this serious nigga, official shit!!) [Chorus: Bronze Nazareth] This one bloody too, I told 'em this one bloody too This bloody too, this one's bloody too Tell 'em this one bloody too, this one bloody too This one bloody too, Bronzeman 2 This one bloody too, Bronzeman 2 [Canibus] Your aspirations are exaggerated Your lack of patience is written all over your face that's why you can't make it Listen with your mind, explore with your spirit If you can't stop time, you gotta purchase more minutes Reliable power rap recycles steam like nuclear tower stacks I could rhyme for an hour on a track Intoxicated, making obnoxious statements About top rated emcees who somehow got jaded The revolution is not an event, it's a process Passed down from Griff to Canibus to the Bronzeman (Nazareth) Canibus, me and the tribal chief riding And after you do the knowledge you can sit right beside us It's not about money, it's about interdisciplinary studies That's why sometimes things get ugly Dressing all bummy, fingernails black like I've been hunting I brought food home for all my little munchkins Cough it all up like a pumpkin, subwoofer bumping Cars ride by with the booming systems What man? Your sense of humour sucks Dad, Hip Hop should give up, man Cos rapper can out-rap the Canibus man And the whole planet knows it, catalog expands from the land to the ocean Billy Ocean in the passenger seat smoking Heartbroken cause his hero hosted a show but nobody noticed I'm having difficulty describing how I wrote it Open mic but not one open mind in sight So I'ma fall back and pass Nazareth the mic [Bronze Nazareth] Yeah yo, I'm like the Unabomber, consuming a novel by the Dalai Llama, Artists pray I stay, underground like a departed miner, Skated Satan's fire, my marrow is ganja There goes the dope supplier, sound of the opiate audio fire Carved outta the hottest sonatas I'ma, fujiyama mind sauna, oblongata on the pine lager Want a yacht too, bird's eye view straight out the parlor Count the commas in my bank account, chasin' nirvana Tasting long burn white Owls, my tails like iguanas Pet Llamas should I let 'em out, and chalk trace an artist PARDON, I'm shouting MORE RELISH!!!, I'm straight off the Terrace Route a shell non terrapin style to the sheriff My bride's hair glow in the wind, eyes glarin' I brutalize air when, I turn 'em to urn wearing, burnin ferns off camera With golden goat strands'a, potent stanzas I reign(rain) hail(hale) snow avalanches I got big plans, semi with hemi rig plans For enough land to grow and expand my own sess plants My hands shine like diamond lakes and gold lamps High chance of hailstorms, black or bright sundance Still advance my pawn, til you layin by seaside My family throw bullets like archie, peyton, and eli I'm a zebra mixed with edema, hiroshima and street lights Dining at bee hives, I'm a knight in shining levi's Skin sound like knives chippin at thick glass Sniffin' tear gas, rollin mack truck rellos in class The teacher looked at me, said if I pass, I pass Splash tangerine spark drafts, on black casket maps Run laps around murder scenes and never leave tracks [Hook: Bronze Nazareth] Ayo murder with a flask Toast and kill 'em with the draft Nervous villain laugh Fittin in body cast for class Sittin on a throne of glass Spinnin microphones to ash My cyclones is brass When I spit 'em it's closed caaaaaaaas-ket Plates shift new face lift Bronzeman 2 can you taste it? [Raekwon] Thats swingin swords nigga It's back to that sword shit Special techniques, special effects Y'all know what time it is for real Word Up The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Common f/ Canibus Album: One Day It'll All Make Sense Song: Making a Name For Ourselves Typed by: OHHLA.com Canibus: Yeah, yeah Me and my man Com Sense Rallyin troops like Joseph Stalin Where you at yo? Common: I'm bout to make the name Com Sense a name you fear Y'all niggaz is scared, I'm your worst nightmare squared Canibus: And I'ma make the name Canibus a name you fear Y'all niggaz is scared, I'm your worst nightmare squared Canibus and Common: That's double for niggaz who ain't mathematically aware (Rakim from "My Melody"(To catch another sucka duck MC out there) Common: I can tell by how you write, you the type to run in a fight I hold mics while you hold spite Like a broken hearted bitch  Don't give no fuck who yo team or who you startin with Cameoed or charted with, I house niggaz like apartments with Mic mechanisms, I dissect a rhythm Move crowds with kinetic wisdom It's like a Malcolm X-orcisim, fuck the rhythm, I hit him I want him got not get him, auction his wack ass off, then bid him Canibus: I'm creatin the ultimate verses with perfect lines Puttin together them whether my rhyme one threat at a time So you niggaz need to stop testin me Cuz you know you can't "F" with me Steppin to me with insuperior weaponry Exposin yourself to the verbal radiations Sayin you can defeat me is nothin but speculation Lyrics unravel, faster than bullets travel through barrels Niggaz be diggin my styles like fossils and pterodactyls Who wanna battle? I'm bad to the bone marrow The Earth got one sun but I walk with three shadows With Allah, my supernatural bodyguard Niggaz couldn't touch me if they gave me a massage MCs will compete with lyrics and beats get crushed I'll hit you in your chest so hard, your shoulders will touch What! (scratching) Common, steppin to me is like going to the county being a neutron Common, I ain't scared of no nigga Common: I persue sound fairs, relaxed like Dru Down's hair Other nigga's rhymes are like gang signs, I throw down theirs On knots, I landed, players get played like Hamlet Supposedly nice, taken for granted like life I write twice and drop singles in record pools Niggaz I'm dunkin like when cops mingle Fuck hip hop jingles, rhymin big words and not sayin shit The click that you came in with accent your flavor wit Like moose, I go to the caves and get niggaz off all fours I'm the shit that's uncalled for, the shit that you fall for Far more advanced than a rapper who's career You could only take a glance, couldn't make the transition >From B-boy to C-note stance I stand in a circumference, the humbleness But in the Chi, bumbleless Was thinkin as a weakness were poetrys in motion Like a bitch, I'm the main feature Amongst hard working teachers and corrupt preachers I make my living off of singles like Latifah In between sheets like reefer with blunted senses You couldn't make a statement if you was from a sentence I'm cold with numb intentions (scratching)Fuck with Canibus(x4) Canibus: Yo, the Canibus is an animal with a mechanical mandible Comin to damage you, spittin understandable slang at you I be the all seeing lyrical, hammerhead sharp peripheral With 360 degree visual When the signal was given, MCs get biten with venom >From a poisonous algorithm liable to kill 'em My style will get in 'em, way up in 'em My face don't belong in The Source It belongs on the shroud of turan, for certain I grab mics and murder shit It's wickeder than Satan worshippers going to Catholic church services You heard of this The lyrical verbalist, trash herbalist The wrath of my cold-blooded verses is merciless Rap snap, get your ass cracked like bear traps Contaminate your air sacs like tear gas And I swear black, try to battle me, you won't last I'll turn your ass into the artist formerly known as, you gay ass fag I'll blow you to ashes with tactics Strip you naked, then make you hug a cactus, you bastard So phat to be a rap star, takin pictures at music seminars People know who you are Now I got mad shorties that wanna call me Because they saw me, up in The Source chillin on page 40 Put this in your CD-ROM www dot Canibus dot com You can find me on the internet talkin to chicks That was sweatin me off the Music Makes Me High remix I be talkin mad trash tryin to get 'em to laugh See, if I click and drag long enough, I'll get the ass Bring it bag to the lab on Mount Prospect Ave. Let your chicken suck me off and send her home in a cab You know how we do, liquid aluminum like the T2 Beast from the East part 2, comin to see you Common: It's time I made the name Com Sense a name y'all fear Y'all niggaz is scared, I'm your worst nightmare squared Canibus: Now that I made the name Canibus a name you fear You still scared, I'm your worst nightmare squared Common and Canibus: That's double for niggaz who ain't mathematically aware (To catch another sucka duck MC out there) Common: Since I made the name Com Sense a name y'all fear Y'all niggaz is scared, I'm your worst nightmare squared Canibus: And since I made the name Canibus a name you fear You stay scared, I'm still your worst nightmare squared Common and Canibus: That's double for niggaz who ain't mathematically aware  (To catch another sucka duck MC out there) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DJ Clue f/ Big Pun, Cam'Ron, Canibus, Noreaga Album: The Professional Song: Fantastic Four Typed by: WizdomNXS@aol.com [DJ Clue: with echo effect] Fantastic Four: Cam'ron, Pun, Nore, Canibus  [Cam'Ron] You never hear that we buckle; beef? We chuckle Scuffle over a game of pinochle  Anything up on my money, man, I gotta see double Unless you want trouble Oh, you realer now?  I'm the kind to cut a peace of soap, put it on the imbecile  Crack the Hen Rock style, give me the foul Girls grope then I smile That's when they fall cause they met my balls Right after I played ball No wash-up, no nothin'. Hear what I say y'all? O.K. y'all. Ask AJ y'all  I'll turn the baddest bitch gay y'all Like Stacy, damn, she was eatin' Tracy's ass At this other lady's pad To get it on I had to call up Desert Storm My cut-throats scar y'all, while you hope the Don fall But I'll come inside The Tunnel, nigga, wit Pope John Paul Yo, them niggas on the wall frontin', they ain't no harm y'all My crew'll break each shoulder I'm that nigga they talk about on Street Soldiers Cause my street soldiers are heat holders and weed rollers We keep 2 bones and 2 phones in each Rover We all relaxed and any beef we over-reactin Peace to Lorey Actins, but I get buck wild like Corey Jackson Playin' is called off, cause y'all about to get hauled off Y'all all soft from smokin Nicholi (/nicks), nigga, like Volkof Know what I mean yo? Notice the cream grow I fiend though, I'll come fuck up your whole town like El Nino  I'm the hottest nigga you've seen though Jumpin outta Lex Coupe  With Jimmy Jones right next to me in the Benz Truck too [Big Pun] Fuck all y'all non-believers, I roll wit God, the squad and T.S. Out wit the BS; we platinum, they even doubted Jesus Niggas is 85%, I'm 400 solid Brainbolic wit knowledge, cock-diesel scholars Holdin it down, walkin around with gold by the pound Frozen and drownin with diamond boulders all in the crown Talk of the town, soakin you down with the toast 'til you drown Ghost you and pound your corpse with a force that'll open the ground Save the jokes for the clowns, I'm on a serious tip You keep playin and I get furious quick And now I take you for a walk through the ghetto Either spark your metal or get outlined in chalk by the devil I rep the borough that mothered this rap shit I used to clap shit, now I just lay back and mack on some mack shit I used to have to pack a mack in the back of the Ac[ura] Now I relax and stack platinum plaques in my shack  It's like that but don't think I won't counter act  My niggas is strapped and quick to lay a bitch on his back I'm swift with the mack, quicker than Kung Fu With the reflexes of a cat and the speed of a mongoose [Noreaga] Talk about huh? That's what we talk about thug shit ( 4x's ) Now it's a symphony, without me on it, it ain't a symphony My crew shit on cats without Tiffany N-O-R-E, I just lace the heat I don't complain about the track, give me any beat	 I get hed in the wip on any street I fuck wit Clue, other cats is snakes I've been fuckin' with Clue since he made 60 minute tapes We copped mad bottles and crushed many grapes We from the hood and they from the hood The difference is we get plaques, they go double wood Took the game right over at the time they could Them niggas silly though, knowin' Nore lay pretty low But them niggas is [ho]mos like the Maxwell video I got 2 albums and 2 cars Now bitches on my dick cause of Chico DeBarge Thugged Out's 1st lady (let's go half on a lady) Ya motherfuckers ain't live, don't control the streets I sold 163 thou[sand] on my 1st week That means I got more fans than you Bigger plans than you We buy real coke, your grams is blue Ai yo, the President is like me, he smoke weed too Don't really like to fuck, he just get hed too Stick a broom in your butt, tell you, "go head boo"  Thugged Out motherfuckers like the rest of the crew Canibus, Cam'Ron and Punisher too And the beats are usually done by Duro and Clue [Canibus] Who in the hell wanna battle, the ill mathematical? My motherfuckin' brain is IBM compatible Techniques are foreign, far from being borin My style is hard like cancer without McCorman I run threw your crew like the flu when I bomb it My styles like AIDS cause don't nobody want it Niggas frontin' like they hard  But I'm a Street Fighter like Jean Claude And I'll split your shit, god Right down the middle Play you like a riddle I got a fetish for titties, I nibble on the nipple Then trespass on your property like Monopoly Subdue your crew and beat that ass properly Welcome to the Desert Storm annual extravaganza Clue rolls deeper than the cart-rides on Bonanza I feed off weed, natural energy sources Lyrics with more power than the horses they put in Porsches Can't be tested or F'ed wit, I'm too reckless I chop off heads just to take the necklace The type of Canibus (/cannabis) that's side-effectless The type of shit that get the Question-mark Man arrested Take evasive action Flip like reciprocal fractions Turn the heat up on MCs to watch their meat blacken You try get fly, you get electrified and fried  Fuck around and get your mouth slapped dry You could battle me and possibly survive But you could never see me and walk away without a black eye Word up hop, CLUEminat call the cops And if the cops ain't tryin' to see me, then the cops call SWAT Scar your whole squad with bullet scars No holds barred I'll even hassle the National Guard Ready or not like the Fugees Crews be steppin' to me But I wipe em' all out like booty I'm so unruly, the police don't say nothin' to me It don't matter whether they on or off duty I murder you brutally when I spit at you My actions are unforgivable Look at what CLUEminati did to you The maximum lyrical, nigga you minimal There's a big hole in the desert, I told the men in blue to dig for you  Motherfucker... CLUEminati ninety-eight [DJ Clue: with echo effect] DJ Clue... The Professional The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Domingo f/ Canibus  Album: The Most Underrated Song: All Clap Typed by: MCHeadcase@yahoo.com [Intro - sampled from "Full Metal Jacket"] Gunnery Sergeant Hartman: What's your excuse?? Private Cowboy: Sir! Excuse for what, sir?! Gunnery Sergeant Hartman: I'M asking the fuckin' questions here, Private! Do you understand?! Private Cowboy: Sir, yes sir!! Gunnery Sergeant Hartman: Well, thank you very much, can I be in CHARGE for a while? Private Cowboy: Sir, yes sir!! Gunnery Sergeant Hartman: Are you shook up? Are you nervous?! Private Cowboy: Sir, I am sir!! Gunnery Sergeant Hartman: Do I make you nervous?! [Canibus] The mortorwar holds you down Brown round before battle, get pussy when I get back to town Armadillo skin folds, lock jaw like a pit bull on full moon man switch to wolf (Full Proof!) Verse from Hell to Turnbridge Wells you never seen an MC do it this well Everyday we battle at St. Germaine's Chapel it's practical, I'll smash you and nobody laughs at you the Ripper rips you up, drag you behind the Basilica they find drugs lyrics and blood, I hit you up Lonely heart, vocal throwing dart Oligarch creates art from a upstate New York motor park and won't get off his high horse to come talk unless it's important and it could cause a spark but it's dark so he stays dormant you don't want it, you just act like it your style ain't flawless, you just rap like it I'm level 3A like Curtis Lemay the Blackhawk bird of prey with superb taste I re-inject my blood to give me a buzz then I re-inject the buzz to blow out your earplugs scrub your eardrums, suck the air out of your lungs you combust in a vacuum of solar flare from the sun I walk through a gestalt of thought  to the sound of a harp from afar playing the notes I was taught I was caught, sold, shackled, rebought Global mind forced to restart my rhymes skipped forward the HRH of time and space and rhymes through the bars my lines displace concentrate, mitigate concrete debate great how I create what you hired me to make extrapolate update rap at a rapid rate Fans hate it cause I can't practice everyday numismatic treasure chest stashed in the attic spondulix in exchange for the musical magic with 2 tablets placed on the cabinet I wonder who will grab it, If no one does I'll have it both lobes connected flow been perfected whatever method, select it, let's spit incredulous lyrics, the breath of life spreading through the spirit Hip-Hop never knew what hit it! stubby beard, chubby skin under the hair I spent my wonder years carrying nothing but guns and gear with a focused rap flow, tongue snap like a hybrid bow my quotes end up inside ya throat respect for Hip-Hop balance the biosphere but I been there before so why go there? I soar through the air, my clarity so clear that my Dhali Lama prayer give me cauliflower ears I been rhyming for years, climbing the Monastery stairs being involuntarily prepared Spit, feed the faith, quarry bait with a mixtape the release date will make you shitfaced I spit till your ears break, slam on the airbrakes spit smears your face and restricts you airspace Stereoscopic aerial objects I seen up close but I ain't got no comment beneath curvaceous gable and dark thatch You experience the art called Dark Rap Now you can all clap! (echoes) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Eightball f/ Canibus, DMX, McGruff Album: Pure Uncut Remix 12" Song: Pure Uncut Remix Typed by: IcedDown1@aol.com [Eightball] DMX, McGruff and Canibus You know where you heard it first My man Cardan, G Black, Ralph, Universal Records Uh... {*all echoes*} Pure Uncut, Eightball {*DMX barks in background*} DMX (WHAT?!) DMX, McGruff, McGruff, and Canibus, baby Yeah, its the Pure Uncut, raw, we keep it raw It's the Pure Uncut, raw we keep it raw - listen... [DMX] Niggas I fuck wit' is the illest, baby gorillas And shit we do today is gon' catch up with us and kill us Long as I feel this, motherfucker's head is shot Fucking lead is hot, and leave them dead to rot Ruff Ryders cut the shit up, like raw keys Like that from Crystal Lake and my last name is Voorhies It can happen niggas, dog keys, and still gun it down Only cause I know how you look up to a nigga, from the ground Running clown, you know better, than to breathe too hard For my kids I thank you God And if you don't know, ask a nigga, that they just put in the ground Slugs make way by the ounce, so I must've put in a pound At least! I gave it to another nigga for lookin Money, ?could never stop my slugs? from cookin Remember me, cause I'ma be there when they bury, you Leave your skeleton in the cemetery [Eightball] Dum, du-du, dum Who got the, who got the bum bu-bu bum? We wrap it up and smoke it, sixty green I'm a fiend for this rap thing Down South hustiln' and we all about the cream Stick em up, mad face, car chase through the city Fuck the police, I'm mad plus I'm going off that gritty Frank Nitti got a mob down to murder with me Cats want to stick me, believe it or not like Ripley I rip thee, back into a stack and flip it like a tech Pure uncut, fire it up, and watch the fiends come back Bubblin', real dogs stay around for troublin Eightball, pick up the ball, when them tricks start bumblin Rumblin (*vrooom*) mushroom, cloud pimpin' Victims who breathe in die when I be speakin, releasin You heard me, are you worthy To ride with the Suave House and get down and dirty? Chorus [Eightball] Its the Pure Uncut, raw, we keep it raw*2X* Baby Pure Uncut, raw, we keep it raw Its the Pure Uncut, raw, we keep it raw (What?) Nigga, Pure Uncut, raw, we keep it raw *repeat* [McGruff] Yo; where the fuck is the dough? its time to bubble and blow Hit these bitches from the back, have 'em clutchin' they toes Once smoked my lungs out, but now I fuck with my nose Perform shows, bad bitches crunchin my clothes Yo I'm 'Gruff, street thug beyond the speakers, beyond the rap Man I'm on a car and my gat, swarm attack, sip Don and Cognac Ain't just me, my whole freakin army strapped Aiyyo, fuck that! And fuck you! Who the fuck you? Touch you, you act like you want trouble Money don't know you, don't rub you I got' eat, that's like trying to tell me don't hustle I gotta blow a couple, niggas away just to show the muscle Yo, I squeeze till your vocal tussle Niggas please, I got keys, coke, and snow to bubble Hoes to cuff you, fuck you, suck the shit out your dick Sucker for love, think you can fuck with McGruff? Now listen mister Gruff put your soul in a twister [Canibus] Just got off the payphone, on a three-way line with Eightball and Tony Draper askin me for a favor Now let me take it from the top I touch your knot with the rubber glock Then I take your title, nigga, fuck your spot Peace to the players who crush a lot but they call me Canibus because I busta lot You can suck my cock and got the same transmitted disease your mother got Being a favorite with me right before she was forced to pop She came home at four o'clock, was shot, she was riding me on top I told the bitch to keep the door locked, I know your heating up hot Because I touched the sure spot, you got defeated and dropped I punch you in the jaw-ops You talk dirt, you get dirt thats how I stand on niggas networks You think that best works? You think you can't get hurt? The bitch in you, makes you run for cover when I spit at you A man-to-man zone Allen Iverson couldn't dribble through Rapid fire syllables, you gotta bribe me with a mill' or two To keep me from killing you with the lyrical All you chief executives ampin answer records and shit See, what goes around comes around, bitch The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Firm f/ Canibus Album: The Firm Song: Desperados [Nas Escobar] You ever dance with the devil under the pale moonlight? Desperados, travellin What the fuck's up son? We could do this word up, we could do this Chrous: The Firm Spend too many nights on the Henny gettin right Breakin big face Bennies, bettin against the friendly dice I can't call it, it's goin too good to spoil it Tell it like it is, the raw shit never recorded (repeat 2X) [Canibus] At a thousand degree Celsius I make MC's melt Fuck my record label I appear courtesy of myself Let me explain how I maintain thresholds to pain I walk across the Sun barefoot lookin for shade I rearrange your rib cage like a twelve gauge at close range and change the position of your brain My hard raps penetrate through your hardhats and all that nigga, get ya wig peeled back I scalp you like the indians on horseback Running Bull will hit you harder than runningback Stunning man with brave and cunning rap Swiftly running laps around 48 tracks Like uncut crack you fiends keep coming back Heads is flippin like acrobats on gym mats From wax to analog tapes to digital DAT's It's critical black, that Canibus is ill like that In fact perhaps you should quit rap, instead of always tryin to diss back, cause niggaz keep tellin you that your shit's wack I rip raps, hardcore raps rushin you to the floor mat Put you in the figure four, break your thorax Jump off the top turnbuckle and land on your back til I hear it snap or crackle, the ref says chill black You get clapped bringin the wrong raps to combat Like bringin a paint gun to a shoot out with real gats Y'all niggaz is wack, rappin over microphone feedback My intelligence begins where yours peaks at From Fox Boogie in the see-through brasierre, to Nasty Nas here My nigga Nature'll explain it further if it's not clear [Nas and Foxy Brown] Millionaire look at the sky make sure it's still there Ice grill stares and my jewelry is in every year Pierre Cardan back in a Dapper Dan time Now flex, angle wrecks, Foxy rock Van Klein [Nas Escobar] Initiated to the Firm shit, real thugs learn quick Sit back and feel the ultimate hit Initiated to the Firm shit, real thugs learn quick Sit back and feel the ultimate hit [AZ the Visualiza] Yo lock in, do the knowledge, follow the doctrine We clockin, on your airwaves, keepin it rockin Blaze up, make fire, light your Purple Haze up Betcha tired, bitch ass niggaz need to be caged up So raise up fuck the playin, I'm sick of layin I can picture sprayin off an SK, shells ricochetin Snatched up, in Supreme Court, eyes half shut Co-defendant caught a life sentence, seem him crack up React what, who will, bail two mill' Nigga cool still bet I'll be home before the news will Blast fuse and leave purple Frank Matthews Perhaps you confuse the concept black, cash rules Incog-ged, another had more deez involved Known freeze condo seize seven keys dissolved Daily routine, speakin up for niggaz who sling Hand to hand on them street corners claimin you king It's time to lock this, join with us, let your glock spit Guzzle the toxic, only fake niggaz drop snitch Get your guns out, it don't take much for me to dumb out Play one route, lay ya shit down and run South [Nature] Here's the cause of this shit, more statistics Deeper than the laws of physics, Malibu sand ,the gorgeous bitches Weed from 1-2-5, my whole crew live A true Desperado, one that never choose sides and show sympathy, just QB, an entity Stock exchange, top of the game, watch you mention me Image is nothin just obey your thirst I blaze the Purple Haze, sit in a daze, then display your birth For those concerned or just eager to learn I speak for The Firm, was told to keep the cheeba to burn Stashin my riches, past traditions, like Olympics pass the torch flip shit so y'all could picture my thoughts, I'm driftin It's type ill wakin up lookin like filth Twenty years younger same hunger same ice grill Genetically form grade A pedigree Born to carve rhymes, a swift tongue helped to set it free Theoretically peep how we bless this, young and restless Guns and westins, learnin to connect through lessons From cool feats to camps, niggaz shoot back It's a proven fact, nine-seven's mine, y'all niggaz move back Chorus The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Four Horsemen Album: The Horsemen Project Song: Cavalier Typed by: ThaWuKillahBee@aol.com [Intro: Killah Priest (Kurupt sing-song style) {Kurupt}] Horsemen, Killah Priest, Ras Kass, Kurupt, Canibus (Ain't no way I'm gonna let these bitch ass niggaz come and get me) Come on nigga, you want it? {Horsemen nigga, smashin' the through the fuckin' cut} (Ain't no way I'm gonna let these bitch ass niggaz come and get me) Don't be scared! {Horsemen nigga, and we just don't give a fuck} Come on, ya'll want it? (Ain't no way I'm gonna let these bitch ass niggaz come and get me) {Horsemen nigga, Horsemen} How 'bout you? (Ain't no way I'm gonna let these bitch ass niggaz come and get me) How 'bout you? [Kurupt] Spittin' shit, clipped and tipped in dip I got somethin' to hold and lift I'm a frontline marine, throwin' sixteen Clap niggaz like the palm, my hands and tambourines I step out the spot and merge like submarines Cause the first thing in my eye sight is seen And I'm set for the parade, the steppin' and stompin' Fire breathin' like dragons, unloadin' like Magnums Steppin' out the bushes, palmin' and pushin' Everybody back, just standin' and lookin' Startled, just standin' and lookin' Didn't know niggaz so thorough would be so shooken Cause I heard it all through the force That bitch niggaz like ya'll lookin' for us But check this nigga, I'm here nigga With the double desert E, shakin' bomb head nigga In my palm, scenic Vietnam here nigga [Chorus 2X: Kurupt] Ain't no way I'm gonna let these bitch ass niggaz come and get me.. get me. get me [Canibus (Kurupt)] Theres absolutely no way to get me The Ripper is more talented than Mr. Ripley And more risky than circus gypsies Born in the 50's, and was rippin' by the 60's And still remember the first time that I removed the man's kidneys With these, it's like a Nightmare on Elm Street dream Mini machetes sharper than wolverines Inject us to the next session, and suppress the screams Leave clues behind for the forensics team that inspects the scene A serial killing machine to the extreme A all eye seeing in-theory-ial being, surgically supreme MD, slash MC Slash you across the cheek, and leave a gash that bleeds profusely Truthfully the cut is too deep And the mothafuckin' rippers runnin' loose through the streets Slippery as WD40 oozin' from the feet Cause ain't no way I'm gonna let you bitch ass niggaz come and get me Half man, half H-O-R-S-E, was it the devil of God to bless me Come test me (Bitch niggaz, let these niggaz know cuz) [Chorus 4X] [Killah Priest (Kurupt)] (Horse.. Horsemen) I throw flames, burn down bridges, my code name The infernal, burn slow but burn internal Melt niggaz like plastic, face lookin' like jurassics My brain full of psychotics and madness You 'tarted sarcastic graphtics Stomp niggaz in the ashes, 'till they vaporate up in gasses Then I throw on futuristic optic glasses So I could see they asses, then I come out, flashes Hold your breath, this is gonna be a slow death My First strike, I will cut out your lights After my second strike, I will totally extinct life I come in sudden like a cobra's bite I curse so bad, I make vultures fight My insight goes back to the Vulcan rights Medieval, I leave niggaz in the cathedral Rest in peaceful, 'till the ground opens and the beast moves The gladiator, Dark Vader, with animal behavior You try to front, and the pieces slaver [Chorus 2X] [Ras Kass] See, stupid niggaz get dough and floss all they got Grimey niggaz crawl off the hood in celebrity shop Jack the nigga for his car, cash and watch But any immortal words than Tupac (What) Niggaz gon' hate you for whatever you do Masturbate dirty 380's and fuck you With God as my witness, I refuse to loose Try to come get me, I'm takin' ya'll with me, fuck that ! [Outro: Ras Kass (Canibus)] Uhh, no way, Ain't no way! (Ain't no way) Horsemen stop, Ain't no way Horsemen stop (You could come and get the Horsemen) Ain't no way Horsemen stop (Ain't no way) Ain't no way Horsemen stop (You could come and get the Horsemen) Ain't no way Horsemen stop (The Headless Horsemen, Death and War) Ain't no way Horsemen stop Ain't no way Horsemen stop (Yeah, yeah) Ain't no way (All for one and one for all, The Horsemen) Ain't no way, Ain't no way, worldwide (Gladiator, mayhem and chaos) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Four Horsemen Album: The Horsemen Project Song: The Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse Typed by: ThaWuKillahBee@aol.com [Kurupt] The stampede begins, nigga The year 2002 (Horsemen), alert, let everybody know When it came, it spread nigga Yeah, Horsemen, Horsemental, Horsemen instrumental Horsementality, Horsemen procedures Horsemen spread like a rash of legions Multiply like multiplication Equivalent to the equation or combination Rewind the phrases (nigga) Complex puzzles amazes, launch off missiles and lasers Gorillas, dunn, muscled the homies out of the cages Seperatin' ligaments like caves and gauges Don't compliment niggaz, I collapse niggaz I don't cooperate nigga, I don't concentrate niggaz I eliminate niggaz, Horsemental state niggaz Which gets me in a mental state to earthquake niggaz Touch niggaz, decompose niggaz The Headless Horseman, we growl, decompose niggaz [Chorus w/ ad-libs: Kurupt] We don't give a fuck We don't give a fuck We don't give a fuck We don't give a fuck [Kurupt] Stampede stoppin', droppin', spittin' toxic Horsemen stoppin', droppin' verbal monsters [Ras Kass] Niggaz sage and pass, look fast and keep mashin' Bitches wave your hands, shake ass, and keep dancin' The diary of a ogre, vulgar Fuck snake skin belts, hold my pants up with a a live cobra Grew up, now I'm older Life ain't shit, my fights, flossin' and Folger's Wake up and smell the coma, aroma Only reason you ain't suckin' my dick now is under exposure Tryin' to sneak my way to top and fuck Oprah Battlefields Earth with John John Travolta's send aliens to smoke ya Fuck fatty, I'm trifilin' and petty nigga I wear your rent in my left ear already Life in the Serenghetti, ya'll low on the food chain Chamaellean man change colors like a mood ring Assonine in half the time under cover Fuck you, your lesbian lover And your mother with the same rubber Ras is Pestilence, middle fingers in the sky Niggaz rep this shit, come on [Ras Kass] HRSMN, Horsmen, walkin' all you forty six and spit abortion [Canibus] Meanwhile, back at the barracks Horsemen rip jackers for plasters Put bodies in coffins and autograph us This is the headquarters for horses Dip the pork sausage in four different kind of Tabasco sauces Take a bite out of it, stick my hand up my own ass And pull a mic out of it, to see how hype the crowd will get Turn the monitors up, I wanna see how loud it could get A Horseman's about to spit Wack MC's, they shouldn't be allowed to live String 'em up, make an accordion out of they ribs Get the keys to the house, move the shit out they crib Trade faces wit' 'em, go home, fuck the shit out they wiz Find a daycare center, beat the shit out they kids Beat sulfuric acid out of your piss, bash your face in with a brick You jacker, you just got ripped Keep talkin' shit, see what I respond with Tiger bone tonic, vomit, turn your face into a eyes, nose, ears, and lip omlette Think about that concept, mothafucka [Canibus] We the Horsemen, mothafucka, don't forget it Wavin' the double edged sword, nigga we said it We the Horsemen [Kurupt] Yeah niggaz, poetical demon skills Sharp as meat cleavers, together forever Spittin' like baby berettas, mothafuckas [Killah Priest] Bitch niggaz don't stand near me Ya'll gonna feel my fury Yo, this is Horsemen theory Horsemen, four men, eight arms like the spider Spray fire, lead slingers Make webs around the heads of niggaz Cockroaches come crawlin' out of they eyes Beetles and worms eatin' up they insides My tarot cards don't lie, put a curse on you Like the Guru, black magic, voodoo It's purple smoke, your arms come out Grabbin' you, push, blast through, your forehead I'm the body in the glass tomb, they call dead After I open my eyes, then here come the rises of my horses Bodies burnin' in torment, torches those who want it Yo, ya'll wanna battle? In my image I cast a shadow That resembles a pharaoh, I'm Priest A Horsemen nigga, Horsemen apparrell [Outro: Kurupt] Psycho like no bitch-ass niggaz. Ambush, nigga Canibus.. Kurupt.. Killah Priest.. Ras.. Kass Inate.. bitch.. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Four Horsemen Album: The Horsemen Project Song: Fourth Windz Blow Typed by: ThaWuKillahBee@aol.com [Killah Priest] My lyrics takes off Expand like the wings of a hawk Pen form a beak, when I speak, I'mma thought Third eye, moves like a bird when it flies Self like the stealth, unheard through the sky Undetected by the naked eye, only few could catch it The second that the message arrive For some it might blow by Only for the dumb, deaf, and the blind Searchin' depths for the mind Connect with a line, illuminate communicate With the concepts of my rhyme, come on [Ras Kass] Every sixth day I commit suicide This nigga rappin' a clue, check the dots under my eye Horsemen, equestrian, conquest we in No vest come and test me then Hit 'em up like a upper cut I'm tryin' to hit mach-ten on my fuckin' twin, buckle up By any means dog, I'mma take these ends Cause if you don't got cheddar, you just a waste of skin All up in the juice, and can't taste the gin Commit the felony, but can't face the pen' Speak on it if you want if If you get it illegal then don't flaunt it Cause loud mouth hustlers get snitched on it or phone tapped by DA, your rights get read Moral of the story, a closed mouth don't get fed Get it, neva been a nigga as ill as me to riddle I'm the truth and the answer With two balls that always double dribble Spit like Alien 3, and splash you With acid that make me greater than thee Just to leave your gutter red Tony Soprano shit bout to start callin' you niggaz butter heads [All] We are not to be fucked wit [Chorus 2X: Killah Priest] If y'all really wanna flow, take advice from the four First step could be the best, take breath control Then let yourself go, once applied with sound Melodies make music surround [Canibus] Excuse me, yo, Horseymen? You're the Horseymen, Horsemen, oh yeah I seen them Look what I did with a mouth and a pen I bet ya'll critics never doubt me again Try to catch the thoughts that come out of my head Look south of my chest, and north of my legs If you good with metaphors, than you saw what I said If not, too late, you're already wet Of course we the best And I'm a quarter in the Horsemen quartet Put us all to the test Canibus is like God in the flesh If the Lord is distrempt, you got a problem to fix I mean what are the odds you could out spit 'Bus? Especially if he could bounce like this He's possessed when he's on the microphone He takes this more serious than just the poem A bad boy to the bone, true superstar Even before Sean John Jr. was born I ripped 100 bars before And I rip 200 if you mothafuckers wanna see more Death and War, Pestilence to keep the pesticides airborne Kurupt get your head on [Chorus 3X - with echoes/adlibs] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Four Horsemen Album: The Horsemen Project Song: Leather Steeds Typed by: ThaWuKillahBee@aol.com [sample] Lik-like-like-like we always do about this time [Chorus: Canibus] Ha! You know we got you open, don't front You know the name by now, you know what we want Come on, 7, 6, 5, 4, 3, 2, 1 Come on Ras Kass, come and get some Eyo get 'em up, nah, get 'em up higher Get 'em up in the sky like frequent fliers 7, 6, 5, 4, 3, 2, 1 Come on Ras Kass, come and get some [Ras Kass] We the movement, gladiator rap Move over, move out the way I'm a walkin' melee, bleed ammonia Can you smell what the glock is cookin'? Rip yo candy ass with a desert recipe book From Watster, Brooklyn, then your watch get tooken While four racist cops is lookin' You gon' know I'm Kaiser Soze when I stop walkin' crooked The glitch in The Matrix Bend spoons in my mind cause I concentrate on hatred Dedicated to the memory of my nigga Fred Jordan He used to tell me matadors need a lungoring My horn pourin' out you like juice Bitch nigga turn your platinum chain into a tight noose Cause most of ya'll rappers all Tupac and the Outlawz 75 percent of ya'll publishin', doubt ya'll thuggish men Face this capital punishment Decapitate your whole crew then juggle your jugulars [Chorus: Kurupt] Yeah, The Horsemen got you open don't front You know the name by now, you know what we want Nigga 7, 6, 5, 4, 3, 2, 1 Come on Canibus, come and get some Nigga get 'em up high, get 'em up high Get up in the sky like frequent flies 7, 6, 5, 4, 3, 2, 1 Nigga spit that shit, nigga get some [Canibus] Yo, It's like David against Goliath Ghostbusters verses Bowzer, Gary Coleman battlin' Fat Albert You could be tall as the twin towers And I still cut you down to size and drown you in a golden shower Ambush you in transit, like the Klansmen Throw you in the sandpit, and feed you salt sandwiches See, niggaz like you can't exist without Canibus Cause you're a poor excuse for a man, you bitch I bang you with hits, the animal with the mechanical mandible leave you tangled in semantics Boot campus, for new recruits that can't spit If you got a hundred bars, nigga do the damn thing Lost like Atlantis in Los Angeles I mix milligrams of potassium with Canibus, and go bananas Don't make me angry, you wouldn't like me when I'm angry You wouldn't want me to unleash The Horseman in me [Chorus: Canibus] You know we got you open, don't front You know the name by now, you know what we want Come on, 7, 6, 5, 4, 3, 2, 1 Come on Young Gotti, come and get some Eyo get 'em up high, get 'em up higher Get 'em up in the sky like frequent fliers 7, 6, 5, 4, 3, 2, 1 Come on Young Gotti, come and get some Eyo get 'em up high, get 'em up higher Get 'em up in the sky like frequent fliers 7, 6, 5, 4, 3, 2, 1 Come on Young Gotti, come and get some [Kurupt] The saber-tooth, sargeant of slaughters With three daughters, the titanium minotaur, precise poltergeist Drowns like leagues of water, words pure, observe Peturbed, sour like birds, billions of words Fly like harpoons, the coniseurs are back Millennium alligators, the dinosaurs is back The hauntin' started hauntin', the island just prayed The hilanger just started overwhelmin' my head The contrasted calculations and inhibitions Put a couple of provisions for the chemically imprisoned 7, 6, 5, 4, 3, 2, 1, Four Horsemen-mental patients loose on the run They try to look through my eyes and develop the map To the core in the center where the emperor's at Verbal contusions, shockin' is electrocution Posted with the Geto Boys in Dallas and Houston Man, we in palaces, postin' with battalions And armies, you can't alarm me Harm me, bomb me, nigga [sample] Lik-like-like-like we always do about this time [Chorus: Killah Priest] You know we got you open, don't front You know the name by now, you know what we want 7, 6, 5, 4, 3, 2, 1 It's Priest mothafucka, you better get your gun [Killah Priest] I'm death, the destruction to those that oppose Give you wings and halos, I'm the seven treis oh Once engaged, blowin' open holes in niggaz like doors That walk through 'em like hallway floors With cannibal, man of war there before Castles and towers, radiate my power, causin' showers That sword will devour, cowards My minds beyond the scallids of Howard I strike men like lightning, derived from Gods Run through bitches like kids in school yards I tear off the roof like I'm Zeus Fuckin', put your neck in a noose And squeeze 'till you cannot breathe Then hold your soul, and your body, 'till you cannot leave I'm the plague, code red I walk around with crows over my head Crows over my bed, crows over the dead I bring back the life just to sacrifice, 2002 Black Knights In the shadows with scalpals Eagles that slide your name inside the funeral chapels [Outro: Canibus and Killah Priest] 7, 6, 5, 4, 3, 2, 1, check it 7, 6, 5, 4, 3, 2, 1, Horsemen nigga [sample x2] Lik-like-like-like we always do about this time The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Four Horsemen Album: The Horsemen Project Song: Scrolls Typed by: GordonLiu4U@yahoo.com * * send corrections to the typist [Chorus: Kurupt & Canibus] Dont play them games, not for play, not today say what you say, not for play, not to day we horseman man, you fools insane, locked the game we spit flames, not for play, not today [Kurupt] Each day I dip sometimes I trip this gangsta shit (west gangsta shit) I just don't give a fuck I gallop role I'm in control I like gettin high in G mode with the homeys just lettin all the weed blow fired up, nigga what you thought it was buz cause nigga I don't give a fuck [Canibus] Niggaz like us don't give a fuck Canibus and Kurupt, choke a nigga up comin through in the four by four truck chromed from the flour up, with ????? white air force ones with the low cut I'm in the back of the jeep gettin ????? me and my dawg Kurupt spark that skunk I know I'm a G cos' my name start with one [Canibus] We Horseman man the next Wu-Tang you know the name, Killah Priest and Kurupt Ras Kass to you heard of us we go to the club, curse and cus start that buzz, thats wots up spike the punch, fight and fuzz rush that stage for the mic and bus straight up cause I love them guts dont call me unless you invite some sluts 36C cup with big butts I pay big books to get my dick sucked she can spit it up, then lick it back up thank you very much, there you go slut a Benjamin Franklin was more than enough write your number down ill be in touch [Kurupt] A Benjamin Franklin was more than enough bitch give me that cash before I fuck you up genuine banging in the deck same old G, D.P.G show you somethin gangstafied do or die, gangstafied run and ride, now ride don't run fuck that nigga, blast that nigga lay that nigga, I spray that nigga AK that nigga off weed and liquer I drop a switch, fuck a bitch smash and dip with hollow tips ????? me up, what the fuck Canibus and Kurupt choke a nigga up flippin through the cut, flash flood fluctuate ?????, pistol tooked, nigga [Kurupt: talking] none of you bustas, yeah, horsementality, yeah Canibus, yeah, Ras Kass bitch, yeah, Killah Priest fucker yeah, the Kurupt Young Gotti, yeah, horsemen, smash [Canibus: talking] we horseman man, not today we locked the game, not today The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Four Horsemen Album: The Horsemen Project Song: Shaky Love Typed by: ThaWuKillahBee@aol.com [Intro: unknown reggae artist] Don't give me no shaky, shaky love.. Don't give me no shaky.. [Chorus: unknown reggae artist] Don't give me no shaky, shaky love.. Don't give me no shaky, shaky love, girl I don't want it Don't give me no shaky, shaky love, I don't deserve it Don't give me no shaky, shaky love, girl I don't want it Don't give me no shaky, shaky love, I don't deserve it [unknown reggae artist] I gave you all my lovin', I gave you everything I gave you my affection, and even let you wear my ring Now you see the light (the light, the light) Girl you'll stand up right Now you see the light (the light, the light) Girl you'll stand up right [unknown reggae artist] I gave you all my lovin', I gave you everything [Kurupt] Yeah nigga, smash the streets, cock the heat Clear the streets, pop and sweep Pop the heat all over a motherfuckin' bitch Cause this shits all over a motherfuckin' bitch Ain't this a bitch (bitch), I gotta switch up And get the homegirl, key you to beat the bitch up Take a ride, ride 'em by, homicidal homicide Square life hepticide, runnnin' wide Bunnin' high, runnin' by, gunnin' I Let all like 35, never gave a fuck about what these niggaz talkin' bout Exercise like calisthenics, Columbine and California Exorcism in the rhythm, poltergeism, why forgive em? In the Act, front to back, switches hittin' front to back Switches switchin' in the 'Lac, what the fuck you lookin' at? [Killah Priest] My niggaz got teeth like canines, drinkin' St. Ide's Throwin' up gang signs at the same time They bang nines, on cop swap bitches yellin' "Stop!" Niggaz is fellas, we got glocks the size of blocks Bitches goin' in niggaz socks Fightin' bitches gonna get a nigga knocked Fightin' and fussin', arguin' and cussin' Bitch, I told you that was my cousin Some bitches cause wars, some bitches are here for a cause Virtuous women are envied by whores Soft paws, high claws, some bitches are fightin' southpaw Some bitches grab the 44 and place 'em on the side of niggaz jaws Some bitches are sea hags, with titties like tea bags Some bitches when you bone 'em, you need three bags, shit [Canibus] Don't give me none, I don't want no Don't give me none, I don't want no Don't give me none, I don't want no Don't give me none, I don't want no Don't give me no shaky love, this ain't a game to us Dangerous Jamaican thugs that came to bust Now it's time to see me rock the beat properly I'm constantly, showin' mothafuckas in a entirely different saname One minute I'm cool, and everything is fine with me The next minute, I'll be hangin' your ass over the balcony Screamin' loudy, what a pussy you turned out to be Police shoutin' out to me, negotiators counsellin' me I told 'em I calmed down of the, give me a pound of weed Bring his ass upstairs, and listen to my album We talked a little, sparked a little Laughed a little, I bragged a little Negotiator said he let me go if acted civil And he did too, thats why I'm givin' it up He didn't double cross me with that fake shaky love [Outro: unknown reggae artist] Cause I don't deserve it The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Funkmaster Flex f/ Canibus Album: The Mix Tape Volume III: 60 Minutes of Funk Song: Canibus Freestyle Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Mike Tyson] Get acquainted to the one and the only The future, hip-hop king Forever, the Canibus... (The Funkmaster Flex is coming!) [Canibus] Yo, yo For all you niggaz sayin that my shit is sick, just imagine the ninety percent of my brain that I ain't even used yet Take a deep breath, quick, suck in as much air as my lungs will permit -- then I start to kick that shit I been gettin busy before the planets started to turn Before the bees, the birds, and Adam and Eve occured Prior to all creation, in other words When the female egg will merge with the man's sperm I stand firm, my words burn through your exterior The eat away at your materia, I'm superior While you only pretend to be, I can double my density from three-sixty degrees to seven-twenty instantly Six, multiplied by five by four by three by two then one, go head and calculate the sum The time has cometh, I was summoned to punish Motherfuckers with mouths to run it ? with rubbish When I come through, niggaz stand stiller than statues Cause if I have to, I'll battle your whole rap crew Then I'll attack you with words that's absurd and rip your fuckin skin off just to get on your nerves *Flex scratches* The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jedi Mind Tricks f/ Canibus Album: Visions of Gandhi Song: Tibetan Black Magicians Typed by obscure420@hotmail.com [Canibus] Jedi Mind Tricks... Canibus Yo I grab Mics bust the raw Take flight adjust the Yaw Break your bicuspid with your own jaw Metaphors started menopause in your moms before you were born Technically you dont even exist, God A flick of the wrist, youll be gone Lost in limbo like pink shit camouflaged in a pig farm Im an enigma I rip bars Or burn your star with 5 points Plus the mic I ripped thus far I stomp on ya forehead Peel the top of your fucking face off like an orange And eat the carnage My God that sounds horrid, eating MCs Is like eating garbage they make me vomit Discombobulate prostates re-hydrate dry lakes Wipe Ammonium Nitrate across the side of ya face Anthropomorph, illogically speaking Im out of ya league Who can match the Bident with my top speed Scourge of the earth, verses are merged into dirt Heart line is flat lined through the therapy era Sentences go through re-synthesis I leave em looking bleaker than Memphis Without Rockefeller membership Dont be an optimist and try to rock with Bis You end up in an iced-out sarcophagus [Vinnie Paz] Every rapper better fear me Coz Vinnie Paz is a beast And yall steady screaming for war but want peace You trying ta walk through the fog where sun leaks Ya trying to walk two dogs with one leash You cant overstand the mathematics How rip bars, walk through walls perform magic Tibetan Black Magic, Im a warlord Ill stab you through your fucking temple with a floorboard Im a born lord, I was baptised To see the universal through a cats eyes Here come the black skies; Its all darkness I breathe life into Jesus Christs carcass! {*samples*} [Canibus] Once I duct tape ya to the front of a Mack trucks, face ya Drive through a brick wall, pull the park and brake up Ask you for you proof of registration, say what? I cant understand a word you saying, you fuck! Peel you off till you drop on the floor Drag you to the manifold, Make you put your mouth around the exhaust Squeeze your neck harder when you start to cough I bet you never thought this could happen just for pissing me off Im in for hardcore Hiphop, the surrogate father Protecting rap like the exoskeleton of a Lobster Ill moonwalk on water, harpoon jackers And drag em back to the harbour for the local photographers Now point four fingers and watch through binoculars Look what Harry Potter did to Andrew Galotti, Kid Whether enemies exchange negative energy But you cant forgive and forget with an elephant memory Coz You-Know-Who snatched the mic from You-Know-Who But lets keep that between me and you! Me and JMT, Rippers thatll rip your ass I got an empty mag- Get em Vinnie Paz!!! [Vinnie Paz] I get a bloodlust when I see a slug bust Hit your mug with a .38 snub and watch the blood rush Nothings above us, yall better back off Cos you a devil like the Canaanite in Sackcloth We busting Gats off Its a clean kill It doesnt seem real when your spleen spill So listen to what im spittin at yall La illaha, il Allah il Allah Come on yall your getting hit in the chest Coz Vinnie Pazienz and Canibus is the best Ripping the rest And all yall seek is ashes I love reading Koran in pitch blackness I love reading the psalms to bitch actors I love reading the palms of bitch rappers! {*samples*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Killah Priest f/ Canibus Album: The 3 Day Theory Song: Democracy Typed by: DaSun Akbar [Canibus] Can-I-Bus, wash off the rust This is prophecy, I ain't just talking tough Democracy Rules Everything Around Me, D.R.E.A.M. They put me in charge of the new Tiger Team Illmatic, still savage, still at it Mechanics build the rhymes, I build the mechanics Binary language, trinary programming To copy rap flows nowadays no challenge Smoke don't rise in the opposite direction Overhead projectors don't stop till perfection Gallop over the poles, after the election The master of impressions, like Zecharia Sitchin Permission to get crunked up, ask the instructor Big Brother, nigga lover, want lyrics this summer we live in tumultuous times, I must be outta my mind Recording rhymes like I'm soldering wires Behind giant porcelain tigers with needle nose pliers They told me I was hired, so I left with those buyers My shit got less talk, but it's a bit lighter Tell General Myers I'll fix both fighters Situation or awareness in all areas Knowledge is the disease we are all carriers Of Flownitis, flow the nicest with no guidance From the Hip-Hop - anti-virus Sun rises, 30 arc seconds the sun spot crisis Put fucking blisters on your iris Ten observations per satellite The higher masses orbit the rhyme, the faster I write [Killah Priest] First let's take away the planets, erase the stars Delete everything in the solar system and the concept of God Now it's just us standing in the darkness I invite you to a contest, its quiet complex You want light? Use your conscious You want sight? Create a content Your diction must create friction Sparking thoughts as they listen To enlighten someone confused Watch it burn down to where the thoughts stems from It's like a pen when it goes into a gun From within, explode, then it's done It lights like the glow of the sun Imploding the black dot Then explode or blow to a hole to a black spot This friction cause a resistance Which is the cause of all existence These laws are Scientifics, so pay attention The method I use, connected by tubes, digest it like food I complexed it for fools, they can't keep the message or jewels I left it for you, place the record on spools Now the speed is 33 seconds per move And rotation, that's the globe creation Light up the whole nation as motivation The sky had streaks of white fire The angry cloud noise, entices the writer Mystique alphabet, brightens his eyes up The syllables connect, his eyes become fire Like the Messiah, he begins to talk in a rhythm like tension Grabbing the mic from outta the dimension He begins spitting, split atoms The rhythm had 'em in a trance The rhythm enhance, his sentence advance Till he begins to look like a lamp His head grew incredible, impregnable Impossible, what letters could do It put me in a pedestal, Priest of Nazareth I came back like Lazareth Spread havoc with the magic gift The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Killah Priest f/ The Horsemen Album: Priesthood Song: Horsemen Talk Typed by: KnowledgeGod@btinternet.com, ThaMasta@Wu-Lyricz.Com {*horses galloping and neighing*} [Intro: Killah Priest] Yeah, motherfucker [Chorus 1: Killah Priest] This is Horsemen Talk, Horsemen walk Get the fuck out the way before The Horsemen stalk We headless motherfuckers and we lacerate Don't you know the shit could get real when your ass get smoked? {*gun shot*} [Chorus 2: Killah Priest] This is Horsemen Talk, Horsemen walk Get the fuck out the way before The Horsemen stalk We headless motherfuckers and we lacerate Don't you know the shit could get real when you wind up smoked? [Killah Priest] I spit volcanoes Twist heads, spit lead, then boast like the angels The scorpion tongue Come close I'ma sting you, I'm Morpheus' son Part two to The Matrix, I'm atheist Only God is my gauges and the clip is my church Show the beginnin and the end when I'm spittin my verse Voodoo curse brought back The Horsemen from the grave Four headless motherfuckers that'll clap at the gate Stomp his chest in and put the fuckin axe through his leg Chop his head off cuz the livin motherfuckers never seen the dead walk Til now, Horsemen spread his corpse across the ground Priest pick niggas off that talk, with a pound Come on.. Chorus 2 [Kurupt] Let me tell em, the headless Horsemen nigga... I'm back, give me a fired up Mac Seventeen different sachels of uncooked crack Dogs don't associate with cats Horses beat niggas with metallic wiffle ball bats If time could rewind I would have rewound before Knocked down, surround and drowned before Concentrated, ligaments separated Pronounced un-cuffed with the hoofs pound I'm Kurupt, Young Gotti, the Headless Horseman I'm the one that started off extortion Contortion began to spread to scorchin Featherweights came with the enforcements And forced the enforcements I'm forcin And open the doors, let all the force in I never really gave a fuck what it's costin Time ain't money cuz I take my money And I take my time when I take my money I'm always careful when I make my money I know about niggas gettin quaked by money But The Horsemen here though Comin through with the Hennessey and dough dough I'm lookin at the niggas peepin out the hoes I start cookin motherfuckers like kilos Chorus 1 (first two lines) {*horses neighing*} [Ras Kass] Cock my Beanie like Anna B C, g'wan Release the beast, G heat, creeps beneath me Like the over fiend ET with VD Feasibly he see beyond 3-D We the glitch in The Matrix Neo, these niggas got computer code runnin across they faces Temporarily trade places I define hip-hop and transcend it Take linear time and bend it The figures flyin, forever told niggas since the 13th amendment Plus whoever told you, you could contend with men with tremendous? For rhymin magnum mentality, for rhymin over instrumentals Flow like menstruals Men in car menaces, murder fresh-maker like Mentos Rock like cement, cum like semen Judgemental demon, man listen Y'all niggas is fembots We bend blocks with big shots And kill your little homey like Kid Rock's I kid you not, kick rocks or kick box And like a one legged man in an ass kickin contest You're gonna get your ass stampeded repeatedly And immediately Hannibal Lecter gonna feed it to me Please believe what you see Or see it to believe it Heard men are from Mars, that's why I floss on Venus Wipe out the species, extinct ya whole genus So fresh and so clean this The outcast of rap, Horsemen attack The only thing gonna pop is my collar and a gat Chorus 1 & 2 [Canibus] Yo, yo, yo Fuck beggin for ya life, I have you niggas beggin for death Use a dull blade and sever ya neck You're whack because I say so In my platoon niggas like you are good for peelin potatoes With your manicured hands and gay flows I murder your first born after it's only a day old +Rip the Jacker+ rips the track up Rippin rappers, 8 sack, rippin that ass up Niggas back up when I attack with my axe up Swingin faster than Tiger Woods at The Masters (FORE!) I decapitate you faggots Then gallop over ya body with a horse and carriage Kidnap ya widow, fuck her in a wooden cabinet Pass the pussy to Priest and let him stab it Ask Ras and Kurupt if they wanna get at it Laughin like madmen, swallowin X tablets Natural born spitters that mean business Millennium niggas, got the Sword of Ginean wit us And we all got a bone to pick Niggas talkin about frozen wrists and how much dough they get  Go to war with them like the Bosnians and Bolsheviks Put an umbrella up they asshole and open it While I'm still holdin it, openin and closin it I break they motherfuckin pelvic bones with it I will sabotage, everybody knows that shit A nigga spittin like me ain't supposed to break Now I got a formula that's guaranteed to work The Horsemen, remember you heard it from me first Four niggas that done been through it With more knowledge than the Druids and the will power to do it My cranium pumps duranium My first name's Jermaine so my heart probably pumps Germanium When I die, they should have my wake in a stadium You can witness my body beamed up by aliens Radiation poisonin that will probably make ya skin fall off Motherfucker this is Horsemen Talk {*echoes*} [Outro: Movie Sample] I remember the first war The way the sky burned The faces of angels destroyed I saw a third of Heaven's legion vanished And the creation of Hell I stood with my brothers and watched Lucifer fall But now my brothers are not brothers And we have come here where we are mortal To steal the dark soul not yet Lucifers To serve our cause I have always obeyed But I never thought the war would happen again The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Killah Priest f/ Canibus, Kurupt, Ras Kass (4 HRSMN) Album: The Offering Song: Inner G Typed by: DaSun Akbar (Talking) Headless Horsemen in the building Killah (Maccabeez officials) nigga Raz nigga Bis nigga its Priest nigga horse men nigga ("They spit like something else") Maccabee (as the books get close and we move on) It isn't human I'm get you nigga (or the other) this how we do it [Priest] I hide my face like the elephant man Follow you Reach out of long black sleeves with skeleton hands Touch rappers watch them rot their skin fall off Boil in the pavement on a cold boardwalk Then I laugh like the joker while pissing on them Then put on my hood wait on the next corner The next victim look in his face with tears in my eyes That crystallize and turn into stone Before they fall from my dome Like an avalanche the way I spit Sounds like an African chant The Priest run through MC's like I'm trampling ants Peep the form it's the Vatican stance The Pope victor the 1st the flow spit with the curse The sicker the verse the more bodies we stick in the dirt Wait around I'm ah pick you a hearse I like the long black ones Drive around while spinning on two wheels It's whatever you feel Blue steel on black day Silver clouds when the mac spray Turn rappers back into clay (aha) My minds a museum filled with microphone exhibits Of rhymes that I write that look like pictures [Ras Kass] Ayo my technique is berserk I predator y'all niggas pull your fucking skin off like a tee shirt Re taught no remorse donate aborted rappers for skin cell research I spit a few bars and niggas is f.u.b.a.r You wouldn't ride on me if you was driving two cars (Homey) the mind of Cesar Augustus rocking a Caesar Eating a Caesar salad in August Plus I'm illustrious I been with the Moors Born and raised in L.A. by Monster Cody Slowly chose the dark side for ice cold 40s Like Obi Wan Kenobi with an iced-out rollie And might fuck a white bitch don't get it fucked up Love black chicks but they don't like to suck nuts So tell me what the hell am I supposed to do It's like sippin' sizzurp in Houston I'm supposed to screw Talk Slimy like okra he will spit backwards Just to make Harpo out of Oprah Rass spits sicker than most groups put together 'Cause y'all put together I put fool to leather And walk over dead bodies like Rise of the Machines Don't be surprised nigga, it's Idi Amin Rappers get ate up like the number on Kobe's jersey Godammit I pop the clergy [Canibus] Canibus the only MC on earth That did geo-physical research About the new rebirth The sun turn the earth to rotisserie dirt Listen before you start dissing me first This will be worst twelve degree pole shift Displace the ocean They send space probes in They come back broken Armageddon omen Planet x inbound and rapidly approaching None of us are chosen Field manual 2 0 dash 4 6 Your life's getting away you better run for it Population reduction mass destruction the reset button Is coming and some of us love it The return of the bureau We will prepare you stay away from the media They will scare you Rappers respect beef tactics and technique I'm ah show you how the best compete let's peep My verse on the mic is surgical strike Of herbal delight with no personal life Live Saturday night sacrifice batter the mic Jab to the left jab to the right [Kurupt] I'm the scripture sculptor, volcanic Ya ignoramus I'm the future Volcanic vulture firebird I fire words catch this cannon All opponents poetry Leonus Spartan ya just can't sink me Shots hell's kitchen tales sinky Since I was born its all about Roman Since the Roman wars I been Caesar Master sieges master of diseases Throughout the Legions  Temperatures beyond degrees Terrifying like Saddam in legions Ingenious fuck ya I don't wanna hafta bust ya open But I think ya looking to closely And I don't wanna hafta bust ya eyes Fuck it! Fuck ya eyes! Fuck ya mama! Fuck the drama! Who needs it? Who like it? Who bleeds it? Who think it? Who smoke it? Who drink it? Motherfucker I'm a start shrinking Each and everyone of you niggas you just particles You walk in and get read like articles Shredding I'm a teach all y'all How to start poetry beheading I'm the headless horsemen nigga Read the prescription Try it once instantaneous addiction If you ever wanna see me H, O, R, S, E, M, E, N, nigga nigga nigga The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Killah Priest f/ Canibus Album: www.Canibus.com * Song: Priesthood (Horsemen Mix) Typed by: Masta10304@HotMail.Com * available only from the website [Movie Sample] *horses neighing* As the final days begin, God sends four terrible horsemen *horses neighing* to reek his vengeance on a sinfull word. The first three bring conquest to war and famine. [Intro: Killah Priest] Yea, yea, yea, yea. Yea, yea. Fuck that! (Set it off.) Yea, yea, ya shitted. Ya in some shit now, son. It's on now, mothafuckas can suck my dick. I'm back! Fuck that shit! Ready to eat niggaz up, beat they ass and e'rything, son. I'ma prove this shit, right here. Me and my nigga. What!? [Movie Sample] Violence and punishment of enemies. [Killah Priest] I give a fake rapper a heart attack, once I start to rap I'm a vocalist, nigga, I'm supposed to rip Last Poet's told me this, hit ya in ya head wit my explosive fist Then I finish ya off with my tremendous horse-kick *horses neighing* What now, nigga? Look at ya talk shit Just can't do it, cuz you ain't got no teeth in ya mouth And I know ya just tired of me, beatin ya out Ya trained all year, in a karate class And took one second, to put yo' ass in a body bag >From a shotty blast, I walk up in ya club and ya parties don't last I like to pop shit, don't get me started I slap y'all mothafuckas like y'all little kids in kindegarten Squeeze yo' head till yo' kidneys harden Now watch this, I'ma call my whole mothafuckin squadron [Movie Sample] The four horsemen of the apocalypse are among the bible's most terrifying figures. [Killah Priest] Cuz y'all niggaz is fucked up and Brooklyn niggaz is really ready to get ya I know how to hit ya, and cut ya open But don't worry, cuz I'ma stitch ya With a rusty screwdriver [Chorus x2: Killah Priest] Niggaz bop yo' heads to this, real shit Call up yo' cliques to this, it's realness You feel this in yo' streets and village Spare that new shit, Priest killed it [Canibus] Yo, yo, yo Yo I'm a Macabeast MC and I possess the ability To run at top speed without bendin my knees I destory shit... [Movie Sample] The fourth horsemen is the most frightening of them all. [Canibus] ...wrap my hands around ya neck region Then I start squeezin 'til ya stop breathin You weaklins is playin tug-of-war wit ya tongues I knock the teeth out ya gums and suck the breeze out ya lungs Hit ya wit a blow your physical frame could never sustain You'll probably never walk ever again Nigga, you think you rhyme sick? I leave you lyin stiff Pull you behind my horse til I break ya spine, bitch Stop cryin bitch, before I hit ya wit the Iron Fist You can't rhyme bitch, the one triple nine's mine bitch The pain'll make ya voice change octaves >From low-pitched to high-pitched, every hour we kill a hostage We judge MC's by they lyrical fitness And punish DJ's for puttin corny stickers on they mixes Smack the stripper bitches for askin for our autograph and pictures You'll be scared to leave the club wit us You stratch my back, I'll scratch your's bitch I'll eat ya salt-fish, if ya suck my sausage I got an atomic sub, armed wit a sub-atomic scud Ready to spill ya crimson-colored blood The four horsemen on the back of four quadropeds Puttin four hoof prints on ya foreheads, mothafuckas! *horses neighing* The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Killah Priest f/ Canibus Album: View From Masada Song: Bop Your Head Typed by: Masta10304@HotMail.Com [Intro: Killah Priest] Yea, yea, yea, yea Yea, yea - fuck that! I'm set it off - yea, yea, ya shitted Ya in some shit now, son It's on now, motherfuckers can suck my dick I'm back! Fuck that shit! Ready to eat niggaz up, beat they ass and e'rything, son I'ma prove this shit, right here Me and my nigga - what!? [Killah Priest] The emperor, chief sinister, street minister Guarenteed in two bars to finish ya React like a cat when he arches back Give a fake rapper a heart attack, once I start to rap I'm a vocalist, nigga, supposed to rip Last Poet's told me this, hit ya in ya head wit my explosive fist Then I finish ya off with my tremendous horse-kick What now, nigga? Look at ya, talk shit Can't do it, cuz you ain't got no teeth in ya mouth And I know ya just tired of me, beatin ya out Ya trained all year, in a karate class It took one second, to put yo' ass in a body bag From a shotty blast, I walk up in ya club and ya parties don't last I like to pop shit, don't get me started I slap y'all motherfuckers like y'all little kids in kindergarten Squeeze yo' head till yo' kidneys harden Now watch this, I'ma call my whole motherfuckin squadron And tell niggaz to just start robbin Cuz y'all niggaz is fucked up and Brooklyn niggaz is really ready to get ya I know how to hit ya, and cut ya open But don't worry, cuz I'ma stitch ya, with a rusty screwdriver [Chorus: Killah Priest] Niggaz bop yo' heads to this, real shit Call up yo' clicks to this, it's realness You feel this in yo' streets and village Spare that new shit, Priest killed it Y! Niggaz bop yo' heads to this, real shit Call up yo' clicks to this, it's realness You feel this in yo' streets and village Spare that new shit, 'bus killed it [Canibus] Yo, yo, yo Yo I'm a Macabeast MC and I possess the ability To run at top speed without bendin my knees I destory shit, pin-point asteroids in orbit Then, hurl niggaz thousands of miles an hour, towards it Fuckin heathen, wrap my hands around ya neck region Then I start squeezin 'til ya stop breathin You weaklins is playin tug-of-war wit ya tongues I knock the teeth out ya gums and suck the breeze out ya lungs Hit ya wit a blow your physical frame could never sustain You'll probably never walk ever again Nigga, you think you rhyme sick? I leave you lyin stiff Put you in a horsemen heimlich til I break ya spine, bitch Stop cryin bitch, before I hit ya wit the Iron, bitch You can't rhyme bitch, the one triple nine's mine bitch The pain'll make ya voice change octaves From low-pitched to high-pitched, every hour we kill a hostage We judge MC's by they lyrical fitness And punish DJ's for puttin corny stickers on they mixes Smack the stripper bitches for askin for our autograph and pictures You'll be scared to leave the club wit us You scratch my back, I'll scratch your's bitch I'll eat ya salt-fish, if ya suck my sausage I got an atomic sub, armed wit a sub-atomic scud Ready to spill ya crimson-colored blood The four horsemen on the back of four quadropeds Puttin four hoof prints on ya foreheads, motherfuckers! (There it is!) So bop ya heads to that, uh (There it is!) [Outro: Killah Priest] Fuckin pussy emcee's, gon' get a shot in the eye Y'all niggaz talk behind nigga's backs Y'all niggaz better bop ya mothafuckin heads before we blow it off Ya fuckin perfume missin idiots Y'all niggaz always runnin, go run and tell that Go on, runnin, run behind somebody's back Run and tell that and take these fuckin slugs wit ya We gon' get ya mothafuckin clown Yea... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: LL Cool J f/ Canibus, DMX, Method Man, Redman Album: Phenomenon Song: 4, 3, 2, 1 Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Redman] Hahh [Method] hah [Method] Yeah [Redman] yeahhh [LL Cool J]	Make it butter [Redman]	I'm gonna Bankhead bounce! [LL Cool J]	No doubt [Redman]	Aiyyo watch yo mouth! [Redman]	Aiyyo, one two three four five six seven 		Blaze the hot [LL Cool J]	trizack that sound like heaven 		Seven six five four three two one 		My mon Meth-Tical come and get some [Method Man] Playin my position, hot Nixon This one, for all the sick ones, confliction Posionous darts sickening, best believe finger itchin with two broke legs, now I'm trippin on MC's cliche, shot that ricochets start trouble bust bubbles, hip to wicked ways Gotta love me, G-O-D no one above me Look good but fuck ugly, tap your jaw from my Punch Buggy sunnin you Got you shittin in your last Huggie, runnin who? Fuckin punk, get a speed bump comin through A single shot make your knees knock, respect Wu [Redman] Aiyyo I put it on a nigga, shit it on a nigga Turnin Christian to a certified sinner The bomb I release, time pent up (explodes) While you got set up I was hittin your ex hoe Shit I kept low, petro' your metro Politic, keep the chickenheads gobblin Shit I'm drivin in, come with funk halogen Terrorize your city, from the spliff committee Kick ass till both Timberlands turn shitty Gritty, smack the driver's head in the chin see When I approach rappers be takin notes I drop like I shoulda invented the raincoat Absolut, I love to burn to the roots I keep comin til your pour sperm from your boots Vigilante hardcore to the penis Tell you fuck you my attitude is anemic [Canibus] I'm the illest nigga alive, watch me prove it I snatch your crown witcha head still attatched to it Canibus is the type who'll fight for mics Beatin niggaz to death and beatin dead niggaz to life When you look at me long enough, I start to read your thoughts if the signal was strong enough, and then I'll call your bluff like, "Yo, how many rhymes you got?" I think I'll go on for more Milleniums than Mazda's got on the car lot And there's nowhere to run ta, when I confront ya Nigga, I call your bluff like you had a phone number Who wanna see Canibus get wild, who wanna act fly and get shot down with a surface-to-air missile I take em on in all shapes sizes and forms and spit on anybody who ain't close enough to shit on Zero to sixty? I'm already doin a hundred when I'm blunted and I give it to any nigga that want it [DMX] Stay out the dark, cause if I catch you when the sun is down Run it clown, come up off that, or I'm gon' gun it down When in doubt, however skull goes, it's gon' be that See that, that shit'll finish you dawg, believe that Where we at, do your value your life, as much as your possesions? Don't be a stupid nigga, learn a lesson I'm gon' get you either way, and it's better to live Let me get what's between your sock, cause it's, better to give than receive, believe what I say when I tell you Don't make me put your somewhere where nobody'll smell you And when the lights is out, they don't come back on This ain't a flick you ain't gon' come back on, you ain't that strong You knew it was wrong, but you asked for it baby You'se a pink nigga, ski mask for it baby so I can hit you up on front teeth, you think I'm sweet? Want heat? One deep, leave him behind, front seat [Redman]	Aiyyo, one [Meth] two [Red] three [Meth] four 		[Red] five [Meth] six [Red] seven 		Blaze the hot trizack [Method]	Shine like heaven 		Seven [Red] six [Meth] five [Red] four 		[Meth] three [Red] two [Meth] one [Redman]	Come on Mr. Smith, come get some! [LL Cool J] When young sons fantasize of borrowing flows tell little shorty with the big mouth the bank is closed (yeah, word up) The symbol on my arm is off limits to challengers You hold the rusty swords I swing the Excalibur How dare you step up in my dimension Your little ass should be somewher cryin on detention Watch your mouth better yet hold your tongue I'ma do this shit for free this time this one's for fun Blow you to pieces, leave you covered in feces with one thesis ("LL Cool J is hard") Every little boy wanna pick up the mic and try to run with the big boys and live up to the real hype But that's like pickin up a ball, playin with Mike Swingin at Ken Griffey or challengin Roy to a fight Snappin, you ameteur MC's Don't you know I'm like the Dream Team tourin overseas For rappers in my circle I'm a deadly disease Ringmaster, bringin a tiger cub to his knees (uhh) In the history of rap they've never seen such prominence Your naive confidence gets crushed by my dominance (word up) Now let's get back to this mic on my arm If it ever left my side it'd transform into a time bomb You don't wanna borrow that, you wanna idolize And you don't wanna make me mad nigga you wanna socalize And I'm daring every MC in the game to play yourself out position, and mention my name I make a rhyme for every syllable in your name Go platinum for every time your grimy ass was on the train Watch your mouth don't ever step out of line LL Cool J nigga, greatest of all time The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: LL Cool J f/ Canibus, DMX, Master P, Method Man, Redman Album: Father 12" Song: 4, 3, 2, 1 (E-Dub Remix) Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash HUHHHHHH! [Erick Sermon] Def Jam, No Limits [Master P] No Limit [Erick Sermon] Def Squad [Redman] Wu-Tang, and beyond [Redman]	Aiyyo, one two three four five six seven 		Blaze the hot [LL Cool J]	trizack that sound like heaven 		Seven six five four three two one 		My mon Meth-Tical come and get some [Method Man] Playin my position, hot Nixon This one, for all the sick ones, confliction Posionous darts sickening, best believe finger itchin with two broke legs, now I'm trippin on MC's cliche, shot that ricochets start trouble bust bubbles, hip to wicked ways Gotta love me, G-O-D no one above me Look good but fuck ugly, tap your jaw from my Punch Buggy sunnin you Got you shittin in your last Huggie, runnin who? Fuckin punk, get a speed bump comin through A single shot make your knees knock, respect Wu [Redman] Aiyyo I put it on a nigga, shit it on a nigga Turnin Christian to a certified sinner The bomb I release, time pent up (explodes) While you got set up I was hittin your ex hoe Shit I kept low, petro' your metro Politic, keep the chickenheads gobblin Shit I'm drivin in, come with funk halogen Terrorize your city, from the spliff committee Kick ass till both Timberlands turn shitty Gritty, smack the driver's head in the chin see When I approach rappers be takin notes I drop like I shoulda invented the raincoat Absolut, I love to burn to the roots I keep comin til your pour sperm from your boots Vigilante hardcore to the penis Tell you fuck you my attitude is anemic [Canibus] I'm the illest nigga alive, watch me prove it I snatch your crown witcha head still attatched to it Canibus is the type who'll fight for mics Beatin niggaz to death and beatin dead niggaz to life When you look at me long enough, I start to read your thoughts if the signal was strong enough, and then I'll call your bluff like, "Yo, how many rhymes you got?" I think I'll go on for more Milleniums than Mazda's got on the car lot And there's nowhere to run ta, when I confront ya Nigga, I call your bluff like you had a phone number Who wanna see Canibus get wild, who wanna act fly and get shot down with a surface-to-air missile I take em on in all shapes sizes and forms and spit on anybody who ain't close enough to shit on Zero to sixty? I'm already doin a hundred when I'm blunted and I give it to any nigga that want it [DMX] Stay out the dark, cause if I catch you when the sun is down Run it clown, come up off that, or I'm gon' gun it down When in doubt, however skull goes, it's gon' be that See that, that shit'll finish you dawg, believe that Where we at, do your value your life, as much as your possesions? Don't be a stupid nigga, learn a lesson I'm gon' get you either way, and it's better to live Let me get what's between your sock, cause it's, better to give than receive, believe what I say when I tell you Don't make me put your somewhere where nobody'll smell you And when the lights is out, they don't come back on This ain't a flick you ain't gon' come back on, you ain't that strong You knew it was wrong, but you asked for it baby You'se a pink nigga, ski mask for it baby so I can hit you up on front teeth, you think I'm sweet? Want heat? One deep, leave him behind, front seat [Master P] Got my mic on, it's time to get rowdy Got homies from the N-O to the N-Y, Bout It Bout It I break bread with the ballers Professional killers, and shot callers I got game from the South to the West to the East to the middle now remember me A young nigga with the gold teeth bumpin Keep the crowd jumpin, gotta say something UNNNNNNNNNNNNGGGGHHH, now have a Coke and a smile The party don't stop but it get buckwild Pass the Hennessey and weed, just blaze one See a shorty, let's play one for the cookies you can't be a rookie I'm a No Limit Soldier, that's why they book me Master P rock bells, hell But I gotta give it up to my homey LL [Redman]	Aiyyo, one [Meth] two [Red] three [Meth] four 		[Red] five [Meth] six [Red] seven 		Blaze the hot trizack [Method]	Shine like heaven 		Seven [Red] six [Meth] five [Red] four 		[Meth] three [Red] two [Meth] one [Redman]	Come on Mr. Smith, come get some! [LL Cool J] When young sons fantasize of borrowing flows tell little shorty with the big mouth the bank is closed (yeah, word up) The symbol on my arm is off limits to challengers You hold the rusty swords I swing the Excalibur How dare you step up in my dimension Your little ass should be somewher cryin on detention Watch your mouth better yet hold your tongue I'ma do this shit for free this time this one's for fun Blow you to pieces, leave you covered in feces with one thesis ("LL Cool J is hard") Every little boy wanna pick up the mic and try to run with the big boys and live up to the real hype But that's like pickin up a ball, playin with Mike Swingin at Ken Griffey or challengin Roy to a fight Snappin, you ameteur MC's Don't you know I'm like the Dream Team tourin overseas For rappers in my circle I'm a deadly disease Ringmaster, bringin a tiger cub to his knees (uhh) In the history of rap they've never seen such prominence Your naive confidence gets crushed by my dominance (word up) Now let's get back to this mic on my arm If it ever left my side it'd transform into a time bomb You don't wanna borrow that, you wanna idolize And you don't wanna make me mad nigga you wanna socalize And I'm daring every MC in the game to play yourself out position, and mention my name I make a rhyme for every syllable in your name Go platinum for every time your grimy ass was on the train Watch your mouth don't ever step out of line LL Cool J nigga, greatest of all time The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lost Boyz f/ Canibus, A+, and Redman Album: Love, Peace and Nappiness Song: Beasts from the East  Typed by: Q68@aol.com [Mr. Cheeks] Yo, we come through like bulls, nigga take two puffs and pass, nigga, watch your back once you talk out your ass I back up 3-80 and my stash for protection, family is raged, the world is acting crazed I never thought I'd make it, it was hectic when I scrambled on point like a knife I'm takin' life as a gamble And living in the rotten apple, yo where every core is rotten all my niggas rest in peace ya see you gone but not forgotten now my main wifey, dead as shaded chicks, official Lost Boyz since the year of 86 And fuck these crooked niggas I could kill em with a passion, at times I feel like slashing in Jamaican Queens fashion You think you can fuck around, but kid you're just thinking It's over when I'm sober, imagine when I'm drinking Without blinking man, I'll tare your crew like pages I'll rip you from the backyard of ? ... [A+] A plus the lyrically superb one, spittin rhymes Off the top of the tongue to burn ya ear drums Rotten shit, make the opposite team call a time out, knockin niggas three times my size out The crowd loves me, so when I aint around they ask for me, I buckle up to kick rap like a crash dummy For the fast money, I get up in that ass money the fact you tryin' to test me kinda bugs me I leave crews fed up, like handicap niggas tryin' to get up Emcees get wet up with lyrical gun pillars, I blow up the spot when it's time to rock I speak through a mic my voice peak out at a hundred watts Who wanna cipha, I get dumb Word to my mother the father the holy ghost and Rev. Run When it's all said and done, I end the service To cop the type of verses that average emcees seem to worship [Redman] My style is Milk of Magnesia, clutch divide speeding bust the more the merrier, secure the area, my life familiar is ultimate superior we dont jack cars we jack for aircraft carriers I bounce like trampolines, when I be blowing the feces to pieces hymn em like sewing machines and Jesus When the shadows of the barrel pointing out my (?) Camarro I get punished like pharaoh for splittin' You're better off singing Christmas carols for Christmas, because I'm on point like bow and arrow equipment The president of chicken head conventions I give you a deluxe Ku Klux lynchin' I got a headache from the stress, success not wearing a vest 5-11 for being dirty and quarts of 9-30 Yo, Mr.Cheeks, I made this bitch call police she tried swallowing a nine piece forgot the warrantee on false teeth I return like Makaveli on 18 inch Pirelli's assault and battery like my palms was ever ready sharp as machete's matter of fact I slap (?) ... [Canibus] Canibus brings the sickest drama, fierce enough to pierce the thickest armor I smack bitches who try to suck dick through a condom Playing with the mic is something I wont do my only concern when I approach you, is to roast you I smoke you and whoever you standing close to and make every man in your crew deny that he knows you defeating, niggas like Segal Steven, putting Emcees in, positions to prevent 'em from breathing I'll make you question any and everything you've ever believed in by peeping your deepest secrets like psychic readers, What's the matter with ya'll, I splatter ya'll against the mutha fuckin wall with these raw lyrics I catapult None of ya'll got the balls big enough to battle, I go On & On like Erika Badu a hundred times nicer than the best there is twice as African as KRS is, who wanna test this Fuck yall you dont impress me and no one can test me An Emcee so ill, I got AIDS scared to catch me All that shit you poppin will stop, when I put you in a headlock, and apply pressure until I crush your mutha fuckin noggin I grab mics and push niggas to the left so fast their hearts end up on the right side of their chests My hypothesis, is that nobody can see this lyrical genius, I got it sown like a seamstress But if you want to battle, I'm down, If you got nine lives, I'll take eight of them off your hands right now Step up and get your neck cut from ear to ear If you survive, then you can cover your scar with a beard I'm the illest from Queens to the new Jerusalem briddicks anyone who aint feeling my shidick can suck my didick You need to quit it, if you aint spitten more than 50 bars per minute cause you aint in lyrical fitness kickin' boring raps with metaphors that's wack all of ya'll mutha fuckas need NordicTrack to get ya weight up, fuckin with Canibus you get ate up get beat down and sprayed up, just for bringing my name up been rockin longer than niggas twice my age back in the days before Bob Marley was rockin a fade before Honest Abe signed the paper that freed slaves before Neanderthals was drawing on walls in caves I existed, in the garden of Eden gettin lifted stickin dick to Eve before she was Adams mistress Before Christ created Christmas, I been in lyrical fitness The Canibus is spitten till' he's spitless 50 bars of total sickness, you wont forget this I'm puttin' every wack Emcee alive on my shit list verbally vicious, tele-connectically gifted took you a minute, to exhibit that I'm sick wit it Now you tell me who you think is damaging shit going once, going twice Sold to that nigga name Canibus Me and Mr.Cheeks, A-Plus, and Funk Doctor hopping out the Hue helicopter to suey chop ya The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lost Boyz f/ Canibus, Tha Dogg Pound Album: Music Makes Me High 12" Song: Music Makes Me High (REMIX) [Mr. Cheeks] One time We bless the track rush to the back it's the LB fam dogg pound we attack one time for the LP, LB My family come through This who we do Group Home, Universal bounce one Power moves to be made Rap game is paid Clown niggaz gettin paid it's gettin, jumpin some babes The mind state steady thinkin One dutch burnin I'm already thinkin Here to lay the real I know to kill I feel the envy But those that try to bind me right behind me wit my members ??? to see right here through the violence strap but keep this hennessey and my main man's rap caught up in the game black can't explain that but longevity that's what I aim at you wanna come through and test yo fuckin skill kid I go the shit that pray the rams plus the bills sent your clown niggaz back and touch a fuckin hill me and my fam givin competition chills for from the east to the west LP all of LB now who's the best break your wins down like a pronoun on the phone touch me and my click Tha Dogg Pound throw your hands up you wanna fuckin toss I'm that guy land of the lost listen up, special wit a ??? style come wit and you'll love bein' high one 4 pound and my brotha Freaky Tah Music Makes Me High [Canibus] Yo combination of Mr. Cheeks, Canibus & Kurupt Is enough to make the reels on casette tapes bust Cause none of you fools is capable My lyrical 'll knock you on the floor like a mechanical bull rhymes ricochet off the inner walls of my lungs to past the tongue faster then bullets come out of guns who wants to be the one to get struck first I bury they body on any planet except the earth I rip up, swell your lip up, it's a stick up Make put your hands up on your head like you was doin sit-ups Lost Boyz nad DPG causin trouble we Out of control like inter-voluntary hustle kid nobody else smokes more then my team 20 grams of weed and a gallon of visine yaknahme, I fly the friendly sky's when ever music makes me high Chorus: I'm so high, this music makes me high (x4) [Kurupt] Kurupt in your game, what's ya know, where ya at I'm comin through wit a mack, i'm out to get my paper back You can't harm me even if lip was froze get incinerated from verbal inferno born created get physical castrated i'm so glad i made in a world where i'm hated big time gama got the game orcastrated correct me mashin in Jags and Benzes imitatin cause youse an imitater punk jump wit kurupt and get slumped cause i dump with no question or no hesitation i'm bussin end discussion as my adrenaline's rushin or ??? your mr. cash for the capital was actual, ??? fact i use tactical skill get popped like girls tryin ta jump at the real Chorus [Daz Dillinger] Can i ride, can i rock my broads cause ??? rhymes and leathal last rhyme lines time after time i beat the hell out of a track most definitely i gets busy when we attack ????, dialogues and formats be on some ill type streets raps from way back as a child i got wilder styles i used to shine all day and a rocked the crowd i destroy and completely evaporize my opponents be on it like a hornet kickin dat in your stomach dogg gone it tell my why they wanna kill daz cause daz gets the killin and buillin cash rounds so get tell me i'll come around so get down lost boyz and dogg pound i bet ya get see me now tell whatcha gonna do a tough guy can be a dead guy when fuckin wit my crew so fasten your seat belt and see a hornets trip well me stay hardcore for whatever, whtever Chorus to fade The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lost Boyz f/ A+ & Canibus Album: Love Peace and Nappiness Song: My Crew My crew (4X) [Cheeks] Yo yo now now now now When I wake up before I gather up my pens I shine up my fronts I give a Dutch for all my mens throw on some Marvin Gaye I smoke my weed and clean my kitchen dishes Tec to the sky see how mom's is always bitchin' I'm done buffin' got my cheese my pen & paper it's time for me here to prepare my caper I written it down the line & now a ring is on my phone it's my nigga Spigg Nice he tellin' me he in the zone Yo I got the liquor the grain fool let's make a tape I'm caught up in my own zone can't really escape I ran it down the line as Easy Mo played the song He checked my five he said to me yo later on about an hour passes about my loosey deuce deuce & my tinted glasses I got the bike that I copped from my younger cousin cause that cat is up in class like a nickel & he wasn't I'm concentratin' on these moves that I'ma soon be makin' and once I break then I'ma show my peeps that I'm not fakin' See my man Pop or Die from the block niggas wearin' ? reverse as we handle barred it to the block See certain situations happen when you caught up in the 'hood in the game of rappin' You see scrappin' now leads to cappin' we used to have each other's back what the fuck happened? Stupid Yo fuck it Anyway Mary ?Easter? record store walked to the back now let me get a four Exit from the spot everybody know what's hot you get yours on & soon as you see 'em the thieves turn the block Jump on them right now when niggas chillin' if you ever sported it you know how I'm feelin' Cracked open my St. Ides took a squig as Mama Blackwell whispered You got it this time He represents my Crew You represent my Crew We represent my Crew Represent your Crew He represents my Crew You represent my Crew We represent my Crew Yo represent yours Crew [A+] Which one of y'all think you ill enough to bust A+ get crushed by the stampede of the elephant tusks We LB families niggas don't understand us lyrical scanner diagnosin' niggas with cancer you got a problem I got the answer Twin Glocks goin' bananas buckin' innocent bystanders son the total sum is a mathmatical function I used to get suspended for keepin' the class jumpin' Had the blackboard with the chalk in my hand Mr. Cheeks snatched the thieves off the Canibus plan watched the crowd get amped while they scream & chant it's ill hot they can't keep still like a fire drill We desire mils from 97 until firin' high caliber steel on this battlefield Son, Long Isle's my Crew Campstead is my Crew Parkside is my Crew Lost Boyz is my Crew Group Home is my Crew Everyone is my Crew Reebok's my Crew It's worldwide my Crew [Canibus]  Strictly out for the fortune & fame I entertain for my personal gain rock the gold chains big enough to cause neck pains Canibus is my name I be the last one to set it You could find my name in the Lost Boyz album credits if you open up & look at the cover you'll see Cop killin' Queens in this mothafucker and we all represent the Group Home click L-O-S-T B-O-Y-Z for the 96 and as the clock ticks record sales climb I remember when them niggas first got signed fuckin' with Uptown bustin' they ass e'ryday from "Lifestyles" to "Jeeps" to "Renee" Now they gettin' mad airplay all over New York top ten on ya Soundscan report Yo who woulda thought these four nappy headed niggas woulda got a article in Billboard For hard work produces results and I'ma keep rockin' 'til the day somebody stops my pulse so yo tally up it's the Lost Boyz Crew Mr. Cheeks, Taliek, Spigg Nice, & Pretty Lou My Crew Yeah, East Coast myyy Crew West Coast myyy Crew The whole World myyy Crew Group Home myyy Crew Lost Boyz myyyy Crew Lost Boyz myyyy Crew Lost Boyz myyyy Crew L-O-S-T B-O-Y-Z myyy Crew ahhhh (my crew) Yo for the 97 AFRICA, JAMAICA, ALASKA, AFRICA I smoke trees with my... Yo 'cause I beez with my... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Keith Murray f/ Canibus, Deja Vu Album: It's A Beautiful Thing Song: Some Shit Typed by: Nature2QBC@aol.com "Yo, this shit right here, is some shit, some serious shit" [Canibus] Yo, the fact that I'm down wit Def Squad's hard to determine Till you see me hoppin out the Coupe wit E Sermon Or hoppin out the Keith Murray Suburban Or hoppin out the Lex Land wit Redman, wildin and cursin My thought process is mysterious like the Lochness My furious mindset is complex Killin shit like a carniverous millitant prehistoric monster Comin to stomp all over you hip-hop conference Landed in an Unidentified Flying Object Turn you into an unidentified frying carcus The smell of raw flesh make you nauseous Acidest arsonist, burnin your bones to carbon and phosphorus My metaphors sting like after haircuts when The alcohol is applied to the raw skin So whoever wanna battle get blasted Get your teeth enamel shattered, shitted on like Pampers You had a bad bitch, I left the back twist I stuck my dick in everything from asshole to the nasal passage Dug her out all day, then changed my sperm DNA Now she got nobody to blame I been spittin raw, what the fuck you think I'm livin for Throw me in jail, I'll do a prison tour For wannabe hard niggaz, insecure niggaz Wit they heads to big for they neck to support niggaz Three in the Squad plus me equal four members An extra addition for any special force mission Man listen [Erick Sermon] Ain't these niggaz on some shit Keith Murray, Canibus ain't no stoppin it uhh [Keith Murray] Let me draw a brief description of what happened I was rappin, niggaz got the scrappin, guns got the clappin Three-fifty-seven degrees I was separated Have bullets deflected metal, bodies decapitated GUSH!! a nigga got struck as I look I caught the next guy runnin by wit the metal hook (BOO-AHH!!) Blew his back open, blood gushed on my face  A bitch fainted cuz she seen I enjoyed the taste The case is that I split your melon And feed it to the jigga-boos wit fried chicken wings I'm wildin for Long Island, I turned and took Charles Ferguson And open fire on any trains now You may never know who's in your shadow You punk ass niggaz just best stay shallow And hollow, if you wanna live to see tomorrow Cuz ain't no sun comin out tomorrow Yo, I might do something y'all niggaz might regret like Blast you in your face and disregard your vest I'm pissin and dissin off of recognition and niggaz to listen Just to let you pussies know how I'm livin Cuz I Return like the Jedi, wit my dead eye Leave niggaz to die, peace to niggaz up in Bed-Stuy Oh-ah, this that type of shit that make them niggaz wanna wet it Word up, got me ready to set it [Deja Vu] Seems I steps wit aggression To any bitch who think they nice in this profession What? what you think your wrecking? I break your stlye down to little fragments The pain is permanent, so spare yourself the embarassment Buck-fifty 'cross the face Followed by knife wounds to the chest for you attempt to retaliate I noticed all you bitches flows is based around clothes But Deja Vu got something for you stankin hoes Studio gangsta bitches I diminish ideas of bringin beef Before the thought even finishes I wanna see red, blood from a chicken head 'For I wild the FUCK OUT like the Grateful Dead HA This wild style must run in my genes Because my sister's in the county And my brother just came home from Green I strike like the black widow, through the underground radio ?Kitto? and still stack dirty ditto The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Pharoahe Monch f/ Canibus Album: Internal Affairs Song: Hell Typed by: Nature2QBC@aol.com *modem dialing and connecting* [Pharoahe Monch] F-f-f-f-f-f-f-f-f-follow for now For no formidable fights I've been formed to forget For Pharoahe fucks familiar foes first befo' fondlin female MC's fiercely Focus upon the facts that facts can be fabricated to form lies My phonetics alone forces feeble MC's into defense on the fly Feel me, for real-a Let's get the skrilla's out the hands of these gorillas Make the whole world feel us From the crack to the cap peelers to the niggaz in the back shootin craps wit the axe-wheelers Relax till it's, time for the immaculate miraculous Thirteen, OOOWWW, THE ILLEST!! To all my niggaz who been shitted on, let's get it on Think I'm gonna let it hang, and sit it on the desk of any redneck record exec I strike em wit the right hand send em a step And this is (Hell!) this is (Hell!) This is (Hell!)9x This is Hell, incest kids under pressure In the corner clutchin they genitals by the dresser A hundred CC's of the uncut cleanest In the vein, twenty-four hours of intravenous To the left, we have right wing extremists On a screen a man exposes his breasts wit no penis Martinez, probably Just as raw as Lady Saw Esocidae this is (Hell!) This is (Hell!)8x This is, this is, this is, this is This is, this is, this is, this is [Canibus] Yo yo I feel like I'm one of the livest One of hip hop's finest, elite rhymers And I plan to graduate wit honors But one day we'll all be a bunch of old-timers wit Alzheimer's  Lookin at our label's roster wonderin how the fuck they forgot us After we done recorded dozens of albums And made em hundreds of thousands of dollars, they still dropped us We givin niggaz what THE FUCK they want A holocaust, stompin niggaz wit a thousand man march I ain't livin in hell, hell's livin in me That's why I'm always screamin on you fuckin MC's The shit that I quote, float wit the buoyancy of a boat wit the potency of a scorpion sting to the throat Overdose that's extremely fatal Doctors in white labcoats scramble for an antidote to save you You can't breathe, your chest feels painful Your skin color's goin from dark brown to beige-blue Your whole room's full of angels All in your ear tryin to tell you which God you should pray to You pray to Je-sus, but He don't wanna save you Cuz you unfaithful, so He gives you to Azazel You're paralyzed on the operatin table Prayin for Canibus to slice you from head to navel You banned from TV, banned from CD's Banned from DVD's and downloadable MP3s! *static* The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Pras f/ Canibus, Free, Lenny Kravitz Album: Ghetto Supastar Song: Can't Stop The Shining (Rip Rock pt. 2) Typed by: Tysonchamp@aol.com (Lenny Kravitz on heavy metal guitar riffs) [Free - Verse One] Your minutemen don't stand a chance inside mi casa Even with viagra disband god no may I say nada I used to be naive and dress fresh when I was small Now I line these niggas up against the wall and grab they balls! I like to hear the tone of their voice when it's high pitch! It's the only way to seperate the mens from the bitch! The loyal from the snitch, I dig a ditch when they twitch! Bring 'em to their knees no higher than my hem stitch You trying to verbal me you bound to end up voice lift! You wanna change your plea but now your ass is choiceless I illuminate the atmosphere a million watts strong Before Free like BC your night was weeks long You can't stop my shine, my state of being's too sublime Too refined, too ?significant? to be defined I've got a round and automatic for you mortals out of line See I'm your worst nightmare, I'm striking in the daytime! What?! [Hook] You Can't Stop The Shining You wanna stop the shining? Can't Stop The Shining You Can't Stop The Shining [Pras - Verse Two] Hey yo, My subject matters travels in three different states Gas, liquid, solid-Decelerate your heart rate I duplicate the sound god makes when he farts in space Make you say (indecipherable) Them cats say I'm wicked The way I just kick it The man for the 150, too scientific For you to come and get it Won't you just quit it? Stop all the gimmick, bust it! Hey yo, peep it! Suck the blood out of you diagnose you an enemic Hundred miles runnin', hundred shots gunnin' Ha I just got your catch, yeah you can keep runnin' The impact of the rush will leave you decapitated None reinstated Your style's been deflated You won't quite make it, Dirty Cash just invaded -- yeah! I know you prayed for my downfall Curse all you cats whose down with Babylon You Babylon I'll battle you unto the break of dawn Or better yet 'til we can identify flying aliens! Well I'll be smooth sailing, all you chameleons Mortal beings, what?! Pure earthlings--Yeah! Traveling through the bowels of Brooklyn blood as a hallogen Standing on Flatbush hollering with my hooligans Unify my styles like the Russian and the (indecipherable) I'm platinum plus and you're silver still and... [Hook] [Canibus - Verse Three] Yo, My power to weight ratio makes it capable  for me to carry hundred thousand pound boast radios Fuckin' with the "Can-I", is like stepping on a  live land mine behind enemy lines Military paratroops with camouflage parachutes  in flight suits and boots landing on your roof Eliminate the target is the prime objective I create psychic walls harder than cement is Nobody enters, nobody exits I wreck shit with methods, electric like the Pentagon's fences MC's with the hype-nitis disease are like crack fiends with the hepatitis B vaccine Navy Seal team make a bitch scream Make 'em suck a dick dipped in vaginal cream 'Cause you mothafuckas ain't worth the earth that you walk on You ain't worth the paper plates prisoners eat pork on!  Mothafuckas!!! Rip Rock part two! Yeah-- So what the fuck you wanna do? [hook] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Rakim f/ Canibus Album: The Master Song: Real Shit Typed by: www.rakim.net, WizdomNXS@aol.com Yeah  It's the paragraph ambassador  The wild style fashioner  It's the god Rakim, the master  Feel this    (1st verse)  This is that lost ass track off-the-rack kind of a track  You forced to rap, remember that? It's that  You know where I'm at, there go the gat  Pass me a bat, the kill-or-be-killed kind of attack  Steamin' ___, speedin' navigatin' the map  Negotiating with a chick, she got her head on your lap, ya hand on your gat  Premeditated plan of attack, with two of your most deadliest mens in the back  Comb the block, stop in the zone that's hot  Get out like you own the spot, home or not  It's that no mood to play, move out the my way  Yo, I been whistlin' this tune from throughout the day  Hey, yo, this is that ol' y'all niggas don't wanna battle  Turn it up loud make the whole block rattle  Boom boom- this one is gettin' blazin' hot  Boom boom- make you bust another shot from the Glock    (Chorus)  From the streets below to everything above  To the heart that pumps Ra-kim Allah's blood  I swear I kick a hole in your speaker and pull the plug  You emcee's is playing tug-a-war with your tongues  From the streets beneath my feet to the sun  I'm number one and competition is still none  And I'm gonna keep kicking holes in your speakers and pullin' plugs  You emcee's is playing tug-a-war with your tongues    (2nd verse)  Here we come now  Turntable spin like a merry-go-round  Never slow down, depending on how good your stereo sounds  Set it, up in the hood where we go surround  Tearin' through towns, turn 'em into burial grounds  This is the track that made Theodore wanna scratch  The track that caused the first kid to spin on his back  And then we saw, kids spray-painting the wall  While some of y'all was waitin' for war breakin' the law  It's no antidote it's what you can't provoke  So just relax with your girls or your mans and smoke  And take a real hit, soon as it bang you feel quick  It's real thick, this is that ol' real shit  This is the description of designs for you to listen to  Reminiscin' the times and nothin' in particular  Keep you goin' just like a whole pot of coffee  Have you and your shorty doin' 80 in a 40    (Chorus)  From the streets below to everything above  To the heart that pumps Ra-kim Allah's blood  I swear I kick a hole in your speaker and pull the plug  You emcee's is playing tug-a-war with your tongues  From the streets beneath my feet to the sun  I'm number one and competition is still none  And I'm gonna keep kicking holes in your speakers and pullin' plugs    (3rd verse)  You know what this is  Yeah kid, give up your riches  Vicious, visions is not for motion pictures  Unstoppable, rollin' witcha sickest clique of niggas  Or witcha missus, gettin tropical kisses  Makin' faces, anticipatin' places her tongue hits  Suck her neck or just peck, better to funk it  The EP is in effect from dusk to sunset  She want a rim shot all over her drum set  Jump the bed rubbin' your head- it's rough sex  50 ways to keep a love wet  Down and up the steps with crazy positions left till she upset  "Damn, baby, you ain't come yet?"  Hell, no- doomstick big as a elbow  Gel soft, well blow, give him a minute, he'll grow  And all you gotta do is play the track again  I'm ready and revived, baby, back again    (Chorus)  From the streets below to everything above  To the heart that pumps Ra-kim Allah's blood  I swear I kick a hole in your speaker and pull the plug  You emcee's is playing tug-a-war with your tongues  From the streets beneath my feet to the sun  I'm number one and competition is still none  And I'm gonna keep kicking holes in your speakers and pullin' plugs  You emcee's is playing tug-a-war with your tongues  [Canibus] Yo!  Check it, Yo!    I'm faster than leopards running across the vast desert  in twenty-two yards per second to catch me to daily delicatessen  It takes me thirty minutes to eat'em, forty minutes to digest'em,  and fifty minutes for it to pass through my intestines  So ask yourself a question?(What question?)  Can the Canibus rhyme?  Is a fuckin porcupine half swine?  No time to make up your mind, you wanna run or die? Clip you while you're running by, trip you up from behind  My rhymes, confuse niggas  Like somebody try to gang-bang  Wearin' a blue shirt and red pants, throwin' up signs with there left hand  Standin' out on the corner of wetlands with a confederate flag for a headband  God dam eggplants, niggas getting' me vexed man  Cause I'm surrounded by garbage like Fred Sav  And I can't seem to get away from it  I dreamed that I stabbed leviathan through the stomach, and ate from it  In my past life I slayed hundreds, and in the life before that  I played trumpets, to warn you that I was comin'  There's one billion ways to die, and I already tried  nine-hundred million nine hundred and ninety nine  When I aim and fire my rhymes, like a hundred cannon balls flying  Striking you one at a time, in a parallel line  While the art of emceeing is steady dieing  Canibus and Rakim Allah is still in there prime!    (Chorus)  From the streets below to everything above  To the heart that pumps Ra-kim Allah's blood  I swear I kick a hole in your speaker and pull the plug  You emcee's is playing tug-a-war with your tongues  From the streets beneath my feet to the sun  I'm number one and competition is still none  And I'm gonna keep kicking holes in your speakers and pullin' plugs  You emcee's is playing tug-a-war with your tongues The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Slick Rick f/ Canibus Album: The Art of Storytelling Song: King Piece in the Chess Game Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Slick Rick] Check, check, check, check Check, check.. * Slick Rick starts humming a snake charmer song * Yeah.. They say.. that Rick Rick is.. You're all garbage, that type talk I'm on Dumb one becomin glad the great one walks among Whisperin, couple I scuffle eye You little feedback niggaz don't want any trouble Rick'll own clout, sewn bout Lick a throw now, how til death I kick a bone out Why pursue for folk object? My record will be barkin all through your broke project ?? Yes my dog art, best to park her, kark her ?? You don't want death to walk her Not sayin that -- ain't nuttin could do me But in the rap game, all secondary to me WHOA, whatever I settle if a nigga wanna eat he better never cry battle Hell yeah, ram the one sell fare elsewhere Put you and your family on welfare Chorus: Canibus (Ricky D!) Rip it up, your watery blood ain't thick enough, yo wack niggaz ain't slick enough Ready and willin to face you, death awaits you The king piece in the chess game, to checkmate you [Slick Rick] Ooooooooooh, twist shot bitch, ?? voter ignores ?? Watch toys duck, consider rap's ultimate voicebox Devour, and addressin dem coward How can one man posess so much power? Rhyme tearin through, bash all trifle the eyes and spare a few assholes lives This object -- brothers are glued to knob lick 'Scuse me, if I'm bein overly rude to public The favorite -- make you fall in love, make whoever with clever kid, make you do the best steps you ever did The trick is, managin to kick it It's no such thing as challenging the Slickest It's double-or-sure shot, crumble before spot (I know) Must be humble before God Ringing, cat must fear king-ing Party over here, type atmosphere spinning Chorus [Slick Rick] Ooooooooooh, I toy your cheddar top-netter You find me a human being, boy or girl bet-ter It's short son -- nurse and them soundkick bark on Stop talk, stop worshipin the ground Rick walk on Bitch play number one bougie Wish they could give motherfucker some pussy Seen the face of supreme in tasteness Never see another human being this greatness Successful, and the hype is effectful and sorry God if bein any type disrespectful and hip-hop, assume pop's acquited Now with tick-tock, you don't stop, hit it! Command Rick, shower the firmament Earnin it, tremendous power is permanent Unless frame interest dame Let's name who the king piece in the chess game Chorus 4X [Canibus] Yo, we can battle in front of the castle, I'll disgrace you I roast you, I burn you, I bake you I cremate you -- I motherfuckin hate you! The king piece in the chess game'll check mate you, nigga! Ricky D y'all.. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Sticky Fingaz f/ Canibus, Guess Who, Rah Digga, Redman,  	Superb, Scarred 4 Life Album: Black Trash: The Autobiography of Kirk Jones  Song: State vs. Kirk Jones  Typed by: obi1one@hotmail.com [Rah Digga] Yeah, State vs. Kirk Jones, Judge Battle now residing  Got a case of armed robbery that ended up in violence  Maximum sentence, life in jail's what you're facin  Prosecution set it with your opening statement [Canibus] Your honor, before we get started I'd like to give my condolences to the family of the dearly departed  Tyrone survived by his mother Barbara His two year old daughter T'wanna  And the baby's mamma Sandra  [He's a murderer! That animal killed my baby's father!] [Rah Digga] Order in the court! [Canibus] I'm sorry for the outburst your honor  I have an original copy of the police report  January the 4th the day that Kirk Jones got caught The forensic report states there was a gun in the car  And gunpowder residue on Mr. Jones' right arm  Baliff, could you please pass this report to Judge Battle  Mr. Fitzpatrick there's a few questions I'd like to ask you  You said you was outside the store in Manhattan  So could you please tell this court what you saw happened  [Superb] Yeah he killed Tyrone  I saw everything, the argument, how son drawed, hose and everything  The worst shit I saw in my life  I wanna testify I swear before God it was Kirk Jones, no lie  [Canibus] Did you see that man in court today? Do you think that you could point him out? [Superb] Yes that's him right there  [Canibus] Are you sure? [Superb] Yeah without a doubt  Same nigga that took my Pumas but I aint hold no grudge  Remembered his foul ass when I saw the blood  [Canibus] You stated you had a run in with Kirk Jones before  In your opinion is he the type that would rob a jewelry store? [Redman] Your honor, objection! His opinion should be stricken from the record! [Rah Digga] Objection sustained, prosecution next question  [Canibus] I'd like to call my next eyewitness Mr. Paul Dejour  Paul could tell us what happened inside the store? [Scarred 4 Life] Yeah, it was about 20 past, I saw the S class  Pull up in the reflection in the mirror in the store glass  And quicker that you could say, nigga kiss my ass  He hopped out of the passenger side wit a black ski mask  I saw somebody run up in the store and order us on the floor  Yo I swore I was a goner for sure  He tried to snatch Tyrone's bracelet  It just appraised to the twenty grand and Tyrone wouldn't let him take it  [Canibus] Is that the moment when he shot him? [Scarred 4 Life] Yeah man that's when he popped him  I was so scared I laid there, played possum  He started to blast this way, til the gat was empty  He took the gun handle and broke the glass display  He emptied all of the trays and ran out the store And I watched Tyrone bleed to death on the floor  I can't remember no more, that's all that...  [Canibus] Okay, okay calm down  I have no further questions your honor  [Rah Digga] Court is now in session, now gettin back to business  Pat Haley for defense please call your first witness  [Redman] Yeah aight your honor, I call up Henry Lace He's the witness that I'm cross examinin for the case  [Guess Who] Yeah I testify your honor, it was death by dishonor  It was a crime committed, I swear to you I know who did it  It happened so fast, I didn't see alot of it  But I know for a fact he stuck a gun to his esophagus  [Redman] Wait, wait, wait objection your honor, his statement's preposterous  There was no weapons found, no sign of no hostages  Remember Mr. Henry Lace you under oath [yeah I know] You lyin in the stand to get him fryin in the pan  Now where was you the night you claim he shot Tyrone  You and holmes had beef before Kirk got home  Was you mad because he came home bangin your chick [what you talkin 'bout?] Got your boys out the hood now they slangin and shit  I know you mad that's why you in court, turnin on him  Kirk cold blooded killer wit no burner on him  Come on you don't believe he murdered Tyrone  I believe you wasn't there you just heard it by phone  [Guess Who] Man you crazy man I was right there... [Redman- Yeah right... I read your rapsheet... calm down, calm down, chill, chill, Kirk, Kirk...  [Sticky Fingaz] No he wasn't! He's lyin! Fuck you you liar! Man fuck that he's lyin he wasn't even there man! [He killed Tyrone man! Fuck that!] No I didn't!  Man he's lyin man! He's lyin  [Rah Digga] Order in the court now I'm warning you defense  Tell your client take it down, matter fact 'proach the bench  Counsel in my chambers so that we can situate  Let the jury be excused so they can go deliberate... [Sticky Fingaz] Yo man, Mr. Haley what kind of defense is this man! What you doin man?! She gon' fuckin hang me man! No! Sh-she's got it in for me I'm tellin you man! You promised you'd get me off man! [Rah Digga] In the case of the State vs. Kirk Jones you heard it  Both sides testified and the jury reached a verdict  GUILTY all counts from theft to murder one  [Sticky Fingaz- Huh? Wha-wha-what?! GUILTY?!]  By the time you gettin out you gon' have a grandson  [Sticky Fingaz] Fuck you bitch I'll see you in hell bitch! Fuck that!! Fuck that!! Fuck, get off me! Fuck you Pat Haley!! [Rah Digga- What?! Get him out of my courtroom!!] Fuck the judge, fuck everybody!!  [Rah Digga- Baliff, baliff remove him from my courtroom...] Fuck this shit!! I hope you all burn in hell!!! You're gonna die bitch!! Fuck you!!! [Rah Digga] You will spend the rest of your life in jail for this! You will be held for contempt of court, and anything else I can find that.... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Sway & King Tech f/ Canibus Album: This or That Song: Canibus Freestyle Typed by: Nature2QBC@aol.com (Mr. Canibus won't you funk it up for a while) [Canibus] Yo, I'm a nuclear warhead Right now you're provokin my detonation Never test me without proper authorization My lack of patience has cause me to get mad And explode right in front of your face like a airbag Your rhyme is fake, your brain is child's play to manipulate I create lyrics too intricate to imitate Movin at a velocity That'll break your stop-watch if you're clockin me My concrete jungle is like Jumanji But iller than what you seen in the cinema A five foot eight nigga wit more horsepower than twelve cylinders My brain consists of twin pentium chips That's double the clock speeds of a 5-86 And nuttin about my physical matrix is basic I kick flavor beyond what your tongue is capable of tastin You'll be so surprised you won't believe your own eyes It's like explainin color to a man that was born blind One of a kind, I got divine chromosomes in me My sperm'll scramble the eggs in a women's ovaries Cuz I'm as original as it gets And I can't respect, niggas that copy like double-decks I get vexed, when crab punks bite my style Cuz I'm sellin a thousand records per day, per square mile Breakin the laws of phsyics, wit metaphors and lyrics Speakin to dead poets by conjuring up they spirits From Shakespeare to Edgar Allen Yo, the whole Dead Poets Society couldn't mess around wit the talent Much less understand it I make type-rope walkers in the circus  lose they balance when I kick the planet *"ooohs" and "aahhs"* [Sway] Yo yo, microphones are smokin right now World Famous Wake-Up Show  Jurassic 5, Canibus The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Sway and Tech f/ Canibus, Chino XL, Royce Da 5'9" Album: Back 2 Basics Song: I Wish You Would Typed by: Lemming0O@yahoo.com * * send corrections to the typist [Intro] Sway and King Tech Bringin it back to basics Mic skills You know what I'm sayin 2005 Keepin it live Can-I-Bus, Chino XL, and Royce Da 5'9" [Royce Da 5'9"] The cold shoulder holdin the frozen boulder of ice Chosen type to the poor polisher Just let go of my foes shit let go of they mics Just let go of they souls before the 4-4 At night you wanna send them you higher in the sky When god meant you to fly 'til Christ blows over The Farrakhan and the most soldiers the headliner The show close and the doors close the shows over The pope spoke and potently the marijuana The coast to coast coke leaf the dope beats So close to the pope he can show Moses No competin is no for the poor closer My whole M-O-Ps M-O mister simple M-O-B N-O-T ya N-O I been on Leno don' diss don' hit the thrown My head's growin The crown don't fit (don't fit, don't fit, don't fit) I wish you would (Not beef it'll never settle) I wish you would (You never know who's got the heavy metal) I wish you would (Violate minds put holes in your riddle) I wish you would (Get the knocked the fuck out) [Canibus] I carry niggaz like a brute with a screw face Carryin a suitcase with his picture in today's newspaper To pay the cops to make cargo drops I wish you would talk shit about me on the wrong block Get a high performance shot on the spot Soon as you park the drop Give a fuck if you a star or not Genital hip hop or that you just stand down nigga Don't let me hafta beat you up with your fans around nigga Fuck who you roll with ya mans a clown nigga A couple quick snapshots you outta the picture Put you on the A-list Ya faceless assassin looks like Ghostface before 36 Chambers Hang around gorillas ya frigates becomes apists Behave your modication I slap you when you say shit Pull ya pipe out we could go there too You get blasted with a most hair crew In your head and your jewels Plus ya back in ya chest to be cruel If I say don't run and you do I'm dumpin you fool The moonlight blessed me The vibes direct me You might be better than me but not directly Perfect rap muscles public enemy half a double Do the math I'm a classic rebel I wish you would try to dance with the devil I'll wet you but pet you Chop ya arms off hand you a shovel Never stare at you keep it professional Hit you with a hand full of metal You be face down when I bury you After that I wish somebody would try to remember you I kill you on the mic that's the simplest simple truth (truth, truth, truth) [Chino XL] Imagine a world without Chino XL bein illest No one raps landlord murderin all my tenants Hurdling over an image harmonicas by Bruce Willis Avoidin women like monica them types that try to kill us I don't write verses, I write controverses Harder than controllin Anthony Anderson's sexual urges You nervous at my foul ability to smile while Killin off ya family child by child Mutual respect it's wild cats like KRS in Miami Music's my apprentice Donald Trump couldn't fire me Any sticky drama beef physically imma strike back Vin Diesel was like Chino nigga how'd ya arms get like that I sit back simplify the style (monumental) Cuz niggaz keep missing the point like a broken pencil Street education I slip it in like white boys who think they down Threw the word nigga inside their conversation Back of cryogenic hibernation The lyrical Benicio Del Toro up for ya oscar consideration Not a adjulation they show my battle raps on cinemax To open ya eyes I drive a cadillac through ya cataracts Some raw like Puerto Rican birth control after sippin rum Got 99 problems but a verse ain't one Since 14 been in the street of my own Don't cry for me like Evita Peron Find my mind iller than Nina Simone Backpedalin like Sly Stallone on a 10 speed Smokin weed in a world where everybody's against me See I'm more than famous The public school system plans class trips to my projects to watch me twist the language I'm dangerous as swarms of locusts wanted with niggaz that's broke as Handcuffin soldiers that sold for some dotal emotions I notice ya cd for 99 cent what Blank cds a dollar fifty you make more from shut the fuck up (the fuck up, the fuck up) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Sway & King Tech f/ Canibus Album: Sway & King Tech Wake Up Show Freestyles Vol.7 Song: Freestyle Typed by: DGX5A@aol.com Lyrically I'm banannas My toungue moves like Hindu belly dancers performing tantra I blur your vision like slow-setter speeds on a camera And get up in that *ass* like colon-cancer Brain cells hand-picked organically enhanced with third millenium medical standards My DNA was tampered with By genetic engineers with scholarship grants that studied at Stanford Canibus too adavanced for this I turn spit to gas vapor than back to spit Your style is one-quarter bull, one-quarter horse *shit* One-quarter garbage and one-quarter awkward Make you nauseous till you vomit Like the backwards Pharcyde video going forwards As I drink the blood of a thousand mcs I can tell by the taste of the pulp if they was hand-squeezed This is Transylvania vampire-mania You should be afraid of my fangs in your neck drainin' ya I was made to buss, made to crush any mic I touch just disintegrates into dust I've been watchin rap city since it had the first mayor Secen years back when D.C. was swarming with secaters Before Big Lez before Joe Clare Before Steph Lover and before anybody in here See I been there done that But you see the problem was I had to double back cause the first album was wack A little short coming less than what the fans wanted Now I'm back bussin' My new album is disgusting Bumrushin the basement with rhymes blazin in the booth forget the pool table and the Playstation Im too busy tryin' to concentrate Grab you by the face and lay hands on you like Mase 'Cause when the saints come marchin' in He'll be flossin in the clothes he bought with the money from the offering Then it's Jim Baker all over again Till he's back in the studio recordin' again The Source gave me three and half mics I should take three and half lifes from the staff for hiring that asswipe Irv Gotti reprsented real well The rest of y'all act like you scared of the doubel L *(Jamaican Accent)* But it's alright, you can't stop Rastafari It's a part of my life ??? mics see *(End accent)* *Niggas* don't mine I rhyme all night We run out of time tell the label to cancel my flight 'Cause Ima stay right here and flow Tell hits from the street I'm about to jack a whole hour from his show Show you how I get down when I'm freestylin' Smack Tavey Smiley and tell him to stop smilin' Make the whole wake up show throw they hands up When they listenin' to Can-I-Bus It's 2000 B.C., July 18th The illest emcee puttin it down on........Cali! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Sway & King Tech f/ Canibus, Ras Kass Album: Sway & King Tech Wake Up Show Freestyles Vol.7 Song: Ras Kass & Canibus Freestyle Typed by: Goldenarms3636@hotmail.com * * send corrections to the typist [Ras Kass] Since the wake up show I've been handin rappers they ass in a silver platter Its empty ill & gray matter I do a selectively crew The type of brotha that will go to ya album release party Grab the mic & BOO you Like how's how F' how's how I make a fool's do-rag do not want to Nephew just a Brontosaurus with a sixth sense Walking around not even knowing that he don't exist The cardio by linguistic this shit be the hardest act to follow I don't even spit I unswallow I got so-called hip-hop purest that hip-hop tourist That I mandate that I replicate 1988 Fool its 2000 so get a life do u know what these Rugged ghetto streets look like Now to my b-boy & b'iches black be the Best brutalize beats like Beebe Briches I got turrets when I finish rappin the black community Gonna hate you for real like you got on BET And screamed F' Lauren Hill Like that Canibus [Canibus] Yeah War the hardcore raw metaphor Bout to blackout one time for ya I'm as dangerous as they come Dangerous with or without a gun I've been dangerous from day one Rhyme flows explode like pyro's Stick to your ribs like chicken & think gravy from Roscoe's You get your head flowin if you dumb in the dome Or struck with some stone till you fill numb in the bones You betta keep your big mouth closed Fore I stick a muzzle of chrome in that hole under your nose Send a signal to my index & tell it to fold in the direction of wrist bone To release your soul I told you to freeze If I was you I would have froze but you chose that other route And got blown full of holes a pistol to ya mug cripple ya tongue Rip through ya lungs then write your name on your tombstone Scribbled in blood C'mon give me a little love is there anybody out there that never felt One rhyme that Canibus bust You a liar liar ya pants on fire watch the G.O.A.T. But the ghostwriter get slaughtered by a tiger I saw him in the Pun video holdin up his lighter I smeared his career like doo-doo inside a diaper My style is sicker then infected women & men I'm so raw I can caught AIDS without stick in it in Flip & dip like scrimps n scampi Switch my language up like a black kid raised by a Spanish Nanny you think you got big chuoonas well I got bad news After tonight you'll have a testicular tumor Dirty Manhattan alley to Atlanta where niggas drive Cad's To Trick Daddy & Trina down in Miami To Louisianan with Cash Money & Manny with (?????) To Cali with a raspberry daiquiri I'll assault And battle you badly words fire rapidly Like heavily armed apaches piloted by a trigger Happy Iraqi with extremely bad acne I cause catastrophe to any nigga trying to battle me Word Yeah 2000 B.C. Ay yo I radiate like plutonium as far as the glow Got ya counters drum roll when I start to flow A patriarch with a heart of nopleum barn apart I stomp across continents to conquer my art I'm millennium lyricist area 51 physicist Rhymes hot to melt the wax off the turntables Before the DJ even starts spinnin it Raps can melt the wax right of the back of kid Icquris Sharper then the shit you shank niggas with Sharper then scissor sharper then rings on RZA's fist its ridiculous How so many of you suckas figured it Maybe we could get a name if Canibus diss Us I know how you suckas think You figure since you already a pussy you might as well Give me syphilis envious cause my rhymes is infinite And you lyrically limited to the little boxes you livin in Ras Kass show'em how you blast off The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Wyclef Jean f/ Canibus, R. Kelly, Khadejiah Bass Album: Gone Til November 12" Song: Gone Til November (The Makin' Runs Remix) * * send all corrections to janis@betatesters.com [Wyclef Jean] Tell me how you like it Right about now I know y'all diggin this, so just... turn up, your radio wherever you at We about to bring it This is Wyclef Jean up here ("Word to Wyclef" - Busta Rhymes) With Canibus workin the night shift ("Word to Wyclef") Yo, we want all the ladies to put your hands in the air ("Word to Wyclef") and sing this song with us ("Word to Wyclef") Yo, R. Kelly, ya ready? Come on [R. Kelly] Now everytime I make a run (uh-huh, uh-huh) Girl, you turn around and cry I ask myself oh, why ohhh why... (uh-huh, uh-huh)  See you've got to understand I can't work a nine to five So I'll be gone... til November [Wyclef + Khadejiah Bass] Tell me say Michelle, my belle Yo I'll be gone til November Standin on the block where the spot get hot, selling rocks Guaranteed to get set up, by crooked cop Michelle, my belle (you was wrong) I know it's wrong, I wrote this rap song Forgive me when I'm gone, me and Canibus we workin the night shift, shift, shift [Wyclef Jean] I got it made, hey last word from the hustler Hey, young 'Clef, take care of your mother Looked at him and replied, "Yo, daddy where you goin?" He said, "To Baltimore," he'll be back in the mornin Gave my mom a hug for her soul when she cry Every man want heaven, no man want die Vanished through the door, all I saw was his shadow Heard mom echo, "I don't wanna be a widow" That's when I realized, death was ahead Old man pulled off, in a black caravan With some dark skinned brothers who looked Sicilian singing Karma Karma Karma Karma Karma Cha-me-leon [Prazwell/Dirty Cash] Yeah, yeah, check it, can't stop the shinin You wanna stop the shinin? No doubt, ahh [Wyclef Jean] Everytime I make a run (uh-huh, uh-huh) Girl, you turn around and cry (uh-huh, uh-huh) I ask myself why, oh why (you need muscle for da hustle) See you must understand (uh-huh, uh-huh) I can't work a nine to five (uh-huh, uh-huh) So I'll be gone, til November (uh-huh, uh-huh) [Wyclef + Khadejiah Bass] Tell me say Michelle, my belle Yo, I'll be gone til November Standing on the block where the spot get hot selling rocks Guaranteed to get set up by a crooked cop Tell me say Michelle, my belle (you was wrong) I know it's wrong, I wrote this rap song Forgive me when I'm gone, me and Canibus (soooo wronnnng) we workin the night shift, shift, shift [Canibus] Me and 'Clef, we ready to get it on, the three and a half pound organ imbedded in our skulls is what makes us better than y'all I'm telling you God, ain't nobody reppin this hard since Genghis Khan We raise Hell til the heavens fall Me and my Fugee affiliates buildin, wit plans to make millions over a quiet game of billiards Black Sicilians, the descendants of West Indian pilgrims With the power to collapse buildings Riding across the ocean floor like Poseidon on a seahorse to reach our overseas tours By the middle of March, when the pregnancy starts in my lady's placenta, I'll be gone 'till November (come on) [R. Kelly + Wyclef] Now everytime I make a run Girl, you turn around and cry (uh-huh, uh-huh) I ask myself oh why, oh why (you need muscle for the hustle, uh-huh) See you've got to understand (uh-huh) I can't work a nine to five (uh-huh) So I'll be gone, til November [Wyclef + Khadejiah Bass] Tell me say Michelle, my belle Yo I'll be gone til November Standin on the block where the spot get hot, selling rocks Guaranteed to get set up by a crooked cop Michelle, my belle (you was wrong) I know it's wrong, I wrote this rap song Forgive me when I'm gone, me and Canibus we workin the night shift, shift, shift (Are you a) S-O, S-O (A meanine) so-so, so-so [Wyclef Jean] You gave the feds more info than Sammy "The Bull" Gravano Jeremiah wore the wire, snitch on Zachariah In return the feds offer the throne to Neb'kenezer [Canibus] Trust me, you don't wanna be the one we bring it to Our lyrical, can make your rap careers real miserable You ain't invincible all we gotta do is get pissed at you Point you out to some people that'll physically injure you [Wyclef Jean] It's like Lord, take this ass whippin some more Like Jay-Z, "pa-pa's," someone pass the guaze [R. Kelly + Wyclef] Now everytime I make a run (uh-huh) Girl, you turn around and cry I ask myself oh why, oh why (you need muscle for the hustle) See you've got to understand I can't work a 9 to 5 So I'll be gone, til November... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Wyclef Jean f/ Canibus, Manhunt Album: Gone 'Til November 12" Song: No Airplay Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Wyclef] Yo the Brooklyn Bridge is gonna collapse y'know? Yo this Wyclef Jean and the ReFugee All-Stars up in here Yo what's this I hear about the police in Brooklyn? Turn this jam up, yo, yo This the type of jam that be getting no airplay I want the whole world to hear this joint right here, yo This the type of jam that be getting no airplay You asked for it buddy, here it comes One two, watch out for the man in blue Three four, I keep it raw and hardcore Five six, you're beating us with nightsticks Seven eight, I'm forced to pack a thirty-eight Nine ten, you put me in a pen; if I could do it all again, I'd probably bust your chin *repeat 2X: first time "ah"; second time "once I leave the pen"* I'm from a land of black bats, alley rats and cats Scratch up my car, set me up for the carjack Under pressure, I gotta leave the gat Two straps, a total of sixteen caps Say something positive? No positivity More positivity, more positivity brutality Thugs get angry, the violence increase You want peace, make Wyclef chief of police Riding through the hood, it's the same ol story It's either you play ball or you drug dealy dealy Standin on the block when the spot get hot Guaranteed to get set up, by a crooked cop So I'm sittin back, rhymin on instrumentals Anything I touch, it turns monumental Me and Jerry Wonder, we keep it credible for the streets, at the same time, we gotta eat When we commercialize it's to enterprise We guarantee to sell a hundred mil before we die But Jerry is broke, that's the situation Nine-seven, it's like no more eviction No more war milk, no more government cheese Police keep on shootin at our bulletproof Bentley Yo this the type of jam that be getting no airplay The Brooklyn Bridge about to collapse, apocalypse This the type of jam that be getting no airplay The ghettoes are fed up, we got the arms in the air One two, watch out for the man in blue Three four, I keep it raw and hardcore Five six, you're beating us with nightsticks Seven eight, I'm forced to pack a thirty-eight Nine ten, you put me in a pen; if I could do it all again, I'd probably bust your chin [Manhunt] Yo bust this Forty caliber, seventeen through your character Waterworld's world, underwater, Sub Mariner Derringer, twenty-two one in the challenger Seven, four-eight, 23rd on the calender My word verses, burst raps you rap nervous It's worthless, you get smashed up, on the surface Projectile, my forty-four style, blood on silver The red ripper, fill up the resevoir nigga Armageddeon, you smack dead on, a world crisis The nicest, for sixteen bars, of preciseness [Wyclef] One two, watch out for the man in blue Three four, I keep it raw and hardcore Five six, you're sticking me with nightsticks Seven eight, I'm forced to call Canibus Nine ten, you put me in a pen; if I could do it all again, I'd probably bust your whole chin [Canibus] You got a gat nigga, use it, go 'head pull it Scientists got raw footage of me dodgin bullets I walk the streets with heat, three biscuits Outnumberin niggaz twin glocks with triplets When I spit shit I lace it, you get punched in face with puncutations of five-knuckle phrases I assure you the vocalist standin before you will destroy you with temperatures hot enough to flamebroil you My tongue moves much faster than yours do Every three thousand styles I change my voiceboxes oil Embarass you in front of your crew to annoy you If you know some chicks that suck a good dick, then I'll employ you To this hip-hop shit, Canibus stays loyal That's why every Killuminati I battle somebody for you I'm warnin you, me versus you, I hurt you My balance enables me to squaredance in a circle Your head'll spin so fast you'll catch whiplash I practice lyrical witchcraft on your bitch ass Make your hard drive crash to C colon backslash (C:/) Go back to the roots and reprogram your wack ass, nigga [Wyclef] One two, watch out for the man in blue Three four, I keep it raw and hardcore Five six, you're sticking us with nightsticks Seven eight, I'm forced to pack a thirty-eight Nine ten, you put me in a pen; if I could do it all again, I'd probably bust your whole chin Where Brooklyn at? Where Brooklyn at? (right here, right here) A-ight? New Jersey in the house... The people versus gestapo, what what Yo, there'll be no sequel to this revolution There will be no sequel to this revolution The people versus gestapo There'll be no sequel to this revolution, what what 