The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Common Sense Album: Can I Borrow a Dollar? Song: A Penny For My Thoughts Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash "Friends.. Romans countrymen.. lend me a dollar! Ahh-ha!" -> Damon Wayans 	"How much? -- A dollar." "One dollar.." -> Dan Akroyd 	"I got your money.. I got your poor, measly.." -> Eddie Murphy "One dollar.." -> Dan Akroyd 	"Can I borrow a dollar?" -> BizMarkie "Nigga you ain't shit.. you wasn't shit when you was here!  I seen you do that shit all that's the same shit  you was doin round the poolroom nigga  It ain't nuthin -- let me have a dollar" 	"Can I have a dolla? One dolla" "One dollar.." -> Dan Akroyd 	"How much? -- A dollar." "One dollar.." -> Dan Akroyd 	"One beer? Man you gotta give me a dollar for a beer" [Twilite Tone] Check this out One time, steps a man Common Sense and the Unamerican Caravan The true b-boys, dem dere and we in here Yeah, ya know, from the Southside of Chicago and we don't front Who me? I am Twilite Tone Babylon dread, Bumstead, and we come like DIS [Common] This the start of somethin big Methink I knows ya gonna dig it It's time to plant the seed Hip-Hop's the tree and I'ma fig it Figure it out, the mic, I'm rippin it like a ligament Gimme a light a Bud Light, and shit'll get lit just like a cigarette I'm a b-boy so don't test me, many rappers don't impress me You try steppin into my city I'll, Snipe em like Wesley So you best be on your way, I'm doper than Marion Berry, hey Wake up everyday and make-up rhymes but I'm not Mary Kay Some say I'm dope as fuck, some label my rhymes incest My flex is kinda mean yo, so hey kid, CATCH These nuggets, these nuggets, these nugget ugget uggets with some peas and a hole in the bucket (cool, cool) Dear Liza, Minelli, I jam like jelly and I got helly what, helly what, HELLY RHYMES I can remember times when for a 40 I had to beg for bucks Nobody really gave a, so I had to beg for fucks Now what do niggaz do when they got not food Skibbidy skap and busta bust a rap So I pick up the pen and then begin the thoughts to get to pumpin Hopin like all the people let me talk, let me say somethin Cause nothin for nothin leaves nothin, I got nuthin to lose I put, nuttin in my notes, I'm not your host when I got nuttin to use Dues gettin credited, now I debit my bank account Not on a blind date, could I see me taken out by some glutteus, glutteus, maximus, maximus I'm spas-ta-gis-a-mister-gis a mister-gis-ta-spas-ta-gis Spectacular, the papes I Count like Dracula You can't cut the rug, because you suck, MC Vacumn Up Rappers I skip on like Walter Payton Their ain't no way or half-step, and flex a rhyme like a bicep Some steps with concepts, but umm, WHO cares Not even the damn People Under the Stairs [Twilite Tone] Interruption, interruption True b-boys runnin shit Unamerican Caravan, beatin you down Den dere's de man who don't stop Yo Com, come back with some Sense, UHH [Common] Doo-doo-doo-doo-doo-doo, here I come, here I come (what?) A-doo-doo-doo-doo-doo-doo, here I come, here I come (yeah!) I'm comin around the mountain high as lower than a valley I'm the cat, from the alley, from the back, I'ma rally and tally up points, rollin joints, risin to the tops Somewhat of a playwright, cause like a stage I got props My crew's a strange brew, a drink a day'll keep the stink away We been through AA, but hey, what can I say? Say say say, what you want, but you'll pay the con-se-quences Cause Mister Common Sense is (yeah) not gonna take it, so leave you better believe it Even if your name ain't Ripley, cause Ripley don't know diddley Hit me one time, two times, for the U-AYYY-C Heyyyyyy, but anyway I hit a skid, and I peel out like MC Eiht, damn I kill it Earn my money the old fashioned way - I steal it Stop thief in the temple, I hit em with a blow Somebody done stole my beeper but I'ma steal the show I'm throwin a Heidi Hoe into a bro and tellin her go for what you know bruh, the people before me go under Yo we gotta gotta get we gotta get we gotta get Gotta get, gotta gotta gotta get get over Somewhere over the rainbow, I'm still the same old same old Ringin around the collar, borrowin a dollar, check my balls Dirty drawers, see the kitty suckin titties Video watchin lush from the city I'm the extra-terrestrial rappers go home cause they have to Them marks be callin Ork, come in Ork, Nanu Nanu The perfect stranger, comin in to a, fuck a new land Cause Jeffrey where Osborne, and see I'm only human Doin anything to make a buck, what the fuck I gotta do what I gotta go (*echoes*) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Common Sense Album: Can I Borrow a Dollar? Song: Charms Alarm Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash 	A-hem 	What we have here is a very, serious delicate situation 	Lots of people out here always ridin the dick, hmmph 	But check this out 	I like your style, I like your stride 	and I like your motivation 	But the Late Show, we ain't standin for that shit 	So my man right here he wrote a little song about it 	Why don't you sing it [Common] Ring the, alarm, here comes, the Com Call me Mr. Hollywood -- check it out! Ring the, alarm, here comes, the Com Call me Mr. Hollywood On the Goodship, Lollipop POP goes the lolli lolli, for I'm, the Jolly Good Fellow, he-LLO? Is anybody there? I'm not a step, so don't stare Because I Rock-well I always feel like I always feel like, Somebody's Watchin Me ooh, Somebody's Watchin Me It's gotta be that, that that that nigga that sweat my shit I say say say, "Black get off the 'zack, you block my urinal tract" I gotta go pee-pee, yo you don't know me You're just a New Kid on My Jock, tip-seekin and you're phony It's my little pony and you cannot get a ride So when you see me homey, just please just step aside Step aside, not talkin wlidside, I'm comin from the Southside where the ruffnecks reign; if you can't stand it, don't go outside Cause it's hot I got the stuff to call your bluff and pull your card and nowadays it's all these dick kids, that wanna be hard You're FRAUDULENT, I can tell a pussy by his scent So sorry, but the van got tipped And out is how I'm lookin, I'm lookin out for my people I'm fly like I'm fly like but me don't have no eagle Beat the beater with the juice, how far would you go to You're never gonna get it, woo-wooh-wooh-WOOH! * sings like En Vogue* You wasn't down from the +Jump+, so why you wanna Kris Kross? You no business buyin, insecure junkyard motherfucker Get lost, cause youse a sucker .. [Common] We really lucky we got em, you can spot em from a distance, now let's just say FOR INSTANCE you got a crank gettin ganked for his bank by some snake little wench -- is you is, or is you ain't the suck-errrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr You gotta gotta be, gotta be, to let the shit occur Gettin pimped, by a hoe, that ain't too proud to beg, for your dough She get your money mo money mo money money mo! I couldn't go out like that if it was my first day off of punishment Just call me Kaopectate; in relationships, I'm runnin shit So don't be comin to me with that, "We can go out, you pay" Cancel that bitch, it's the, Unamerican way This is the circumcision, and skins is gettin cut off Ridin on my shit, just to get they nut off NOT, no cops, just low-downs want a lick If you ain't down with the 'Van, Dyke, get off the Dick Cause I remember the time, the time, the time you tried to play me like I was booty but now you're just a groupie Sweatin me uhh, sweatin me uhh Tellin me when I get big don't be forgettin me uhh But forget you, forgot you, after, I rock you It's Blo Pop time bitch, you better set your clock to the Charms Alarm .. [Common] Why'd the sucker MC sucker MC cross the road? To get to the other side?! Why'd the sucker MC sucker MC cross the road? To get to the other side, now check it out I got the pep in my step, the slide in my glide So I won't trip, when I let my backbone slip Some shake it to the East, I'm shakin West, well I'ma shake your mid And I'ma get you suckaz, just give me one side, and one rib I barbeque the mouths HEY, I barbeque the mouths Cause mom always said - don't play wack in the house! So take that garbage to the backyard And I was like, "Everybody wanna wanna rap hard" Before you wasn't hardcore, so Sonic why ya flipped? How you gonna hop when you ain't hip? You found rap, on a two-way street - and lost it on a parkway, I ain't sayin no names, yo Rico Suave Fuckin goons fakin stab wounds, I need to shank the crank Elvis Presley Jr., tryin to be somethin that you ain't No daps, y'all are hoes, y'all go on stage and take off all your clothes; then you -- strike a pose You knows and I knows, that's how you sell your record Because your shit is BUTT, you gotta get NAKED But you're wack, you're wack, showin your body to me I said you're wack, you're wack, showin your body to me You got no Soul man, and you need to get a Pound Cause you, ain't, ah-really down.. .. with true hip-hop you SUCKERS The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Common Sense Album: Can I Borrow a Dollar? Song: Take It EZ Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Verse One: I'm {easy} easy, easy like Sunday morning I can kick a stupid nervous joint when I'm yawning Ahhh, Common's comin with that old oh excuse me Elizabeth, this is a big one, I mean a dewe-dewe Doogie, Howser, cause see I'm like Bowser Kickin it with the sha-na-na-na, the t-shirt, and the trousers, how's the, Family Ties? I'm left with the gift, open it up, SUPRISE! Big bat, filet-o-fish, quarter pounder french fries Icy Coke, milkshake, sundaies and apple pies And a cup? Nah, that's enough of that I'm like an indian giver, yo, give me that back Comin again hip-pop-pop-pop bring it back selector We be the thoroughbred, so use your head, play the Trifecta Common infector, smug MC, heads up! Ya better duck cause muck-a-luck, it's me [Now what's your name] Common Come in again... Common [How would you do it] Common [Now how was she] Common, check it out! Common is coming soon to a theater near you To the U-A-C crew, nuff respect due Do I do, where I do, when I do I do do do, yo I do it on the ease Verse Two: I be kickin it with the doubly-dope rhymer I'm trippin-and-dippin-and-slippin with the rhyme like Sli-mer [Who ya gonna call?] Ghostbuster I'm pee-wee we stole, and I'm just a Hustler, I tried to scheme for a sec But the record got wreck, tried to write a bad check So I checked myself, before self got buck wild, tried to live how I had to fluctuate To a snake, and metriculate, yo I had to elevate You can tell it's great, cause I'm state of 87, the South side of Chicago Five-oh-one come follow me yo, everywhere that I go And I know I ain't did nuthin [hell naw] The district think I be just a lil trick kid frontin U Ak got my back if there's any contact In the back is a track from Immenslope soul cat And it's phat, sorta like Oprah before she lost weight I put my rhymes in good hands, hey like All State And I'm all in a state of ease, utopia I'm the Spiderman, givin bug MC's arachnaphobia Holy-molia, it's totally awesome The survey say, I gets moe skins than Richard Dawson But I won't catch mono or no type of disease Cause when I flex, for sex, I do it on the ease Verse Three: A lop bop a woo bop, a lop bam boogie I'm a Dr. Pepper, wouldn't you like to be a Pepper  two-steppin through, yodel-le-hee-hoo! Oui oui mon cheri, a como tale vouz? [Contraire mon frere] OK, to the death Is it true that I'm dope? {Yeahhhh!} Yippedy yes y'all, here we go a loopedy loop de loo A hubbeda hula hoop, a hubbeda alley oop to Coop I gots the Magic, but I'm not a Laker I'm shakin-and-bakin-and-takin, cause I'm the back-board break her arm and feather, whippin the wonder when she activates Hold up! My jaws are in my crack, [aight] pass the tape Time to activate, and ejaculate This is the beauty of where I'm in a state I meant to say demonstrate I'm in a state, where I've had too much eight, ball In the corner pocket, count em, buck it A chicken, a finger-lickin with a finger-bone C'mon I'm on a roll, stippedy stutter-roll Owah-owah-owah-owah Ayatoll of Khomein, my domain is infinite Ya got trouble, well you need to get some dick and to the hip-hop shop, the future shock When we started kickin on the one two, and ya don't stop   But the buck stops here buckaroo Ya got your instructions, now you know what to do Take it easy The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Common Sense Album: Can I Borrow a Dollar? Song: Heidi Hoe Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Whatup BITCH? I'm Petey Wheatstraw And you don't stop, with the heidi heidi hoe Hi hoe, or bye hoe, if you're lookin for a sucker (What are you?) I'm just another motherfucker Pucker your lips, do flips like Mary Lou Just because I fucked you doesn't mean that I'ma marry you Bury you, I will do, after, I bill you Kill you, hoe, cause your shit smells like mildew Pe-ew, think you need some soap and a rag Or better yet Black, Flag, you scallywag Tag, I didn't mean to diss dis... hoe butt But you need to stay such, do not touch Much disrespect goes out to you And your parents, too, for havin you Haven't you been introduced to a douche I guess you said fuck footloose, and got pussyloose No juice, you shoulda dried up, like a prune-a Mister mechanic this place needs a tune up For the pink cadillac cause it's block is off And have more use, than a public park for recreation, givin up the body is a hobby I'm tellin Santa Claus you been naughty (sing it) Hoe hoe hoe, Merry Christmas Aiyyo JuJu, I just had to diss dis Heidi Heidi Hoe, huh, the Heidi Hoe All the niggaz know, yo the Heidi Hoe, c'mon The Heidi Hoe, hah the Heidi Hoe All the niggaz know, that you're a Heidi Hoe (Now bring it back brotha) Eni-meeny-meeny-meeny-meeny-meeny-miney-moe Careful to catch a tiger, after you catch a tiger you can catch a hoe, there's your hoe, kiss a hoe, fuck a hoe Diss a hoe, I'm Petey Wheatstraw from the Southside of Chicago Hablo ingles? I don't know espanol Joe I can go the line plus a hundred like Flo Jo Homo's a nono, so faggots, stay solo I roll my dick so it holds just like a Rolo Total recall, yeah I see y'all I see you, I see you're a freak too, so peek a boo I'm prickin you whether or not, took you out that's work see So get your skirt see, and bitch, dirty Curtsey, dosey-do out the do' slut This is what I come on, so slut you better grow up Slow up, you forgot your earrings here take em Salami beef and ham with the asalaam alaikum Like that hoe (that hoe) that hoe (that hoe) Dabba-da-dat, it's like that hoe Sittin on the dock of the bay, I say hoe Say hoe?! (Hoe!!) Do you know, do you know? Bo knows this hoe blows much much dick An undercover trick, a toe a tac a tic Naked at, frick-a-frat, plus her puddy wat C'mere k-k-k-k-k-k, yo c'mere you little puddy cat What, your booty black is so indespicable You squaw-pie, tack-haired, motherfuckin jiggaboo You can suck a dick or two or three or four or mo' here But first get curlin iron burns off your forehead My nigga Coe said, that you're an around the way girl You're fuckin everybody around the way, and been all around the world And you still can't find yo' fate But you had a couple of babies I mean a Bunch like Brady The lady is a tramp snake hoe yo and all of that Fuck her sixty-nine you get the eighty-six and don't call me back Your black ass bunion There's a party in your mouth BITCH, and everybody's comin [Chorus] - 2X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Common Sense Album: Can I Borrow a Dollar? Song: Breaker 1/9 Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash A weeby weeby wobble gobble gobble DO the turkey Lord have mercy, mercy mercy me You see I'm tryin to get the punani but you just wanna rock me, ah-eh-eh, ah-eh-eh You see I'm tryin to get the punani but you just wanna rock me, oooh, check it So get your ride on ride the thundercloud and broom broom broom Because I gotta gotta get some, el, bow, room So I can Bang-kok, better yet, knock Italy But raindrops keep fallin on my couch, try to sit with me Tamperin up my program, so I play another slow jam It's not an ancient Chinese secret, you should know man But you insist on stay and playin Genesis I gotta put an end to this, baldergash, EEE haul ass And don't come knockin my door, with the cockle-doodle-doo I'm talkin the his and his and hers, Three's Company too So step to the step to the rear And don't come back now, hear? 	Ahh to the break y'all (break y'all, yeah) 	Ahh to the break y'all (break y'all, made it!) 	To the break y'all (break y'all, NAHH!) 	To the break y'all (break y'all break, BREAK!) The CB's, the CB's, they'rrrrre here! I'm checkin my mirror from the rear - - locks are closer, than they appear The time is near for you to drop your beer and get your nuts again But ain't no haps (UH-UH) your dick isn't there You're thinkin that, "Oops, I made a mistake" You say, "Fuck Nell Carter, c'mon Jimmy, give me a break" You made a mistake on the first take tryin to break a leg for take two You shoulda ate your Wheaties and Petey mighta made a breakthrough You say to hope that things might bloom, so you assume position Wishin he would listen, so you start to kissin It's alive, and up goes, and up goes you're adrenaline You aimed, you fired, THERE YOU GO, limp figures So you take ? and then play the role of friend and talk Try to tell her it's her fault, when Jack your Been wouldn't Stalk Baby Bubba youse a goner, ahh, youse a goner It's fucker up, when _Your Dick Is Playin Tricks On Ya_ So you pop fizz, what a relief, beef stroke it up My man, got your thing, in your hand, say, "I I think I can!!" Damn this never happened before, yeah sure that's what they all say Uh-oh you better get Maaco kid, cause old girl is saucy What was sweet to eat, has now dried up and rotted It's a pile of pew, pick up your glove and say, "Yo I got it!" Hopin you won't drop you thought you had it made like ?Kay? What more could go wrong - you got the right one baby! Uh-huh, let you tell it, everybody and their momma knows that you came quick, quicker than a pizza, from Domino's 	To the break y'all (break y'all, YEAH) 	To the break y'all (break y'all, MAYBE) 	To the break y'all (break y'all, NAHHH) 	To the break y'all (break y'all, check it out) The 1/9, the 1/9, the CB's, the break The 1/9, the 1/9, the CB's, the break! The 1/9, the 1/9, the CB's, the break!! Break it up, break it up, break it up, BREAK DOWN! Walkin up and then down the strip Lookin for some hip so I can skip I spotted this honeydip, and her friend tried to sell me a script that they were in a rush to catch the bus, but that was the OLD Gus So I'm gettin a bus, as I thrill at the disgust Since old girl was with this, I told her friend to kiss this And listen physical fitness use your brain and mind your business Dippin from a distance, in an instance I got the digits and blew a kiss to her  (THAT OLD STANK HOEEEE) was mad I didn't speak to her I hooked up with the one that looked NICE Took her mind, like an ICE 'Til her friends gave her advice to think, twice Before with me she slept, my rep was kinda ill They told her to keep that booty still  I been through more hoes than the pill Still I overcame cause I got game like a athlete (UHH) In less than a half week, she was with it to do the nasty (BREAK) The drawers dropped, the top off, and the boots was gettin knocked I heard the door unlock, it was her pop he was a cop So I stopped dropped and rolled, so I wouldn't inhale a shell Broke like a fingernail, on my trail was the smell of tail Bailed back around the flat, to wash off the smell of cat Like a belt, everything was strapped 'til my homey asked, "WASSUP WIT DAT?" The dat was like dis G, I told him I got busy This was the spy who dissed me cause he told it like a sissy THAT WAS FOUL, I went to him lost in the mind now it's a dead end The little wreck on that they locked the door and I can't get in No more no more no more and now I know and now I know Don't mess around with CB's, good buddie, ten-fo' (Ha hahh, yeahh, ahh break it..) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Common Sense f/ Immenslope Album: Can I Borrow a Dollar? Song: Two Scoops of Raisins Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Immens] Yo man.. I'm hungry man [Common] Ay whatchu want man? You want some breakfast or somethin? [Immens] I want a lil lil somethin.. yeah yea milk and cereal or somethin 	 Somethin man! Just a little breakfast food, y'know? [Common] Mmm I don't know man (ay) let's see what I got in my cabinet [Immens] Hold on, let me see what I got in my cabinet 	 Somebody hit me with a little, baseline or groove, knahmsayin? 	 Yeah, breakfast food, UHH! [C] When you wish [I] When you wish [C] Upon a star [I] Upon a star [C] To follow what? [I] To follow what? [C] And where you are! [I] And where you are! [C] Party over here, party over there [I] Where? [Common] Look! I made ya look, ya dirty crook Then picked your pocket, watch me book.. .. like Guiness I'm a Menace, so call me hip-hop's Dennis So open wide, and say (AHHHHH) And I'ma slide my yolk, in your throat, and watch ya choke on the Uh the Ah the Uh the Daddy Long-Stroke [Immenslope] Stroke Long Daddy Money, if my name was Sunny I'd share a scoop, Runnin shit like Rebels You can call me Barney, cause I took your Fruity - Pebbles Dibble like an office on Top Cat, top that, I'm fat troop Drop the loop, then a scooper hoop ya like a hula To school a fool I present, a church to repent I get you Guess'n like jeans, you're just a hill of beans I'm all that jazz, and I kick, kick, kick, kick.. [Common] The razzamatazz oh please oh please just give me just one more blast I +Gett Off+ like Prince, but I don't have to show my ass Pass the rest, like a test, if you slip then you'll get ripped with your handicapped pass route, and Tales From the Crypt I whip on that ass like base ba-bay The Sense is good-GOOBELY-goo, ask Gravy [Immenslope] Or LaMont, or Rollo, down at the, Apollo Come follow me now (BO! Where's Sue?) I don't know Even En Vogue, be tellin me ya don't go When it's time for show (yea) everyone says ho (ho) ho (ho) couldn't be a slider cause I never slip, kick it like a Damme Van flip So don't come with your judo, cause you're just a Menudo emcee gettin chewed like vegetables [Common] Ahhhhh cabbage is a cabbage, a lettuce is a lettuce I'ma tear this whole joint into scraps I bust raps, perhaps caps, and trap the wack tracks Givin the max, for the minimum, not the minimum for the max Get more sex than Wilt the Stilt so you can call me the Stiltest You're takin shorts like Arnold, so what chu talkin bout, Willis? [I] Bout Willis? [C] Yeah Willis [I] Willis ain't talkin about nuthin! [C] It's Different Strokes [I] Let's get back to umm, breakfast foods [I] because it's, early in the mornin.. [Common] Well you can have your Wheaties [Immens] You can have your Flakes [Common] You can have your Kix [Immens] And you can have your Trix [Common] You can have your POUNDcakes [Immens] You can have your Loops [*both*] But you still gotta get your Two Scoops! [Immenslope] To keep the hot raw, I'm rollin, rollin Bowlin - spare me! Fuss ya hushed mouth mush Lush alcohol's excessive like a Jefferson Movin on up -- progressive One time for your brain, cell And when I get through, you say -- aww hell man! Styles that I free won't, stop til the end Paper I go on and go on with the pen Get a max of funk, attack or sunk *huff, huff* One blow, and emcees are gone with the wind Kickin the dumber rhyme, I'm not a print but I'm fresh, heatin up like the summertime, summer rhyme I'm a dime a dozen, but I keep you buzzin like a bee, a dozen attempts is in the toilet Cause I flush the dime and I'm not a Leader cause I Busta Rhyme, a rhyme If I kick with Rakim, you +Run For Cover+ brother But I kick it with Petey cause I'm just another mother (sucker) Blo Pop time (it's Blo Pop time)  It's Blo Pop time (it's Blo Pop time) In the mix, the dimension, J.B., and Chico It's seven, not six, my shirt extra-large but I wear, I wear I wear it well like DeBarge to the finish, makin ya eye pop, like you ain't spinach Then it's, time to let you know We count it up, one two three and fo' [I] UHH! Count it up [C] Nah we gon' count it down [I] Nah man, we're gonna count it up [C] Mmmm, let's get back to that umm, food tip though, the breakfast tip [I] Food tip? Well you just check [C] Cause you know what we need [I] What can I have? [Common] You can have your Life [Immens] You can have your Bran [Common] You can have your Puffs [Immens] You can have your Pebbles [Common] You can have your Krunch [Immens] And you can have your Loops [*both*] But you still gotta get your Two Scoops! [Common] Around and round and upside down and upside down we go WHOAHHHHH! I'ma sneak in the front row Not Jethro, I'm not a Jethro, on skid row I don't wear Monie's hat, but I was a Monkey +in the Middle+ Hey diddle diddle, you can Kibble a Bit I take a squat, and booty MC's be sayin OOOOHHH SHIT! Yo, I turn Bucktown into Fucktown You're just a field goal kid, and I'm a touchdown With the next point to the next joint, so tell Spike about it I'm all that, that your bitch be writin home about it Shout it out, praise the Lord, hallelujah! This could be love, but umm, don't let em fool ya Cause when I do ya, come down come down after me come Yeah sorry Sugar Plums but umm, I gotta run Run Jesse Run, keep hope alive I'm down with the b-boys, FUCK the Jackson 5 You jive-ass turkey, a-pit-apitta-a-aperk be You can get ill, but don't, HURT ME, HURT ME Or urk me, cause see I'll outsmart you like the Urkel B-boys at the school of hard knocks, in a circle Pass the sess blunt, yeah stud, you ain't know? I wanna go bang, I said, bang-o, bang-oh bang-oh or bojangle jingle jangle on the jaw Hip-hip, hooray, oh now you wanna be all lovable? Don't push or pull, or you'll see, I'ma wreck it out MC's be checkin in but they don't be checkin out I leave em out on the canvas So click your heels twice and take your ass back to KANSAS.. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Common Sense Album: Can I Borrow a Dollar? Song: Blows to the Temple Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Check it We can go, toe to toe, with the blows to the temple (NOT)  Not the Temple of Doom, so make room for the Unamerican Caravan (who you down with?) The B-Boys, Immenslope, Twilite Tone, Derrick and then some I don't get rid of some faces while marks be lookin hard, and they be beggin bases They have too many cases, and now they got courage Sorta like Goldilocks, tryin to take Pop's porridge But I got, the story straight Plus the name, I got rep, don't dare sleep Slept and got, crept An AC/DC spider went up the wall we mount Now came down the Common the Common Sense, and now the spider out (BOOM) A blackout, power failure I ain't the Burger King, but I got a whale of blows uppercuts jabs hits and hey niggaz Cause I'm weird they call me Lemonhead, but I'm a Jawbreaker and I break a Bean, but I'm not from Boston I'm stronger, and faster, than Steve Austin Common'll keep the camera movin -- I'm kinda fast! I'm from a town called FRESH OFF A NIGGAZ ASS And I'm about to go on like Stephanie Mills YOU MUST be poppin pills, tryin to step to me Cause to the left of me, WE got the U-A-C (whattup) And comin up to the right of me, WE got the U-A-C (come on) And in back of me, yo WE got the U-A-C And in front of me (BAW!) is a dead man G! We hit em hard! .. Kick it A duck tried to buck, but the vic got vicked so I picked him, he's another victim of a circumstance He did a dance like Ali (SAY WHAT?) But he floated like a waterfly and stung like a C Ya see, I ain't out here, tryin to be a bully Nor am I pretendin to be a two-shoes goodie (WORD IS BOND) that I got big balls homes And if a player try to press me, I gotta break the zone Here to stage a, OOH SHIT, up in the sky You better watch out, I'm tellin you why Common Sense is breaking, marks down, ah-follow-me-now Yo Common Sense is breaking, marks down Uhh, check it, check it, check it I huff and I puff and I blow (WHAT?) the motherfuckin house down, I guess you didn't know! Homeskillet, WHERE YA BEEN? Are you the boy in the plastic bubble? Ooh you in trouble! A tisket a tasket, you're gonna get your ass kicked You better know what's in my jacket, fuck the basket Oh, God damn CHILD, I mean it's drastic You end up on a stretched cause I stretch you like Plastikman Fuck with me ("you end up the in the cas-ket") You flow ass pussy nigga, sucker duck bastard (Yo Common calm down, you gots to calm down!) This Grape tried to step to me, with his arms down Lesson number one - when you're ready to throw never step up talkin - that's like tryin to pitch, but you're balkin And I'ma steal first, hide the base, but you base You can call me Pencil Petey cause the marks I ERASE In case of emergency, it's urgent see, that you see a doctor You tried to Gamble, but I'm the Proctor I knock that ass, bringin it down and then slash Tried to play me with a skit, but now you got a gash you character, for ya inherit a, neck brace Makin ya thousand deaths times worser than a Screwface But they call me Screwneck and I do wreck shit So next time he push up in the jam, BOY YOU BETTER EXIT 	Late Show in the house 	U-A-C in the house 	7-D in the house 	R-T-A in the house 	True B-Boys in the house 	Dem Dere Dyslexics in the house 	And we gonna fuckin blow the house down 	Check it, hit em with a Blood clot boy, you get bucked, tryin to fuck with the Mario, Super Super Brothers like Mario Here the Common, sucker clucks (what we do?) Mission upon the loves, gettin kisses, and hugs but then we runnin to a scrub that tried to bug He's out to get some what they call em stunts because we bunt (WHAT?) But I don't bug, I just slide her, and hit her Some be rumpy chump, with the chat chat chitter Yo we did her but I betcha know I'm better on it Now you got a 100 percent beef, it's just a beatdown (UH UH AHH!) Too late to try to be down Brother your best bet, is to cover your eyes, like Dee Brown (Cause it's a bum bum bum, bum-rush) And if I ask who popped shit, the Caravan gotta bus Sing it ("on that defense") But our bumrush is well done, not medium rare It's rare to see, an enemy within play True indeed a lot of shit, is over he say she say Me say, Warriors come out and play And I'ma tear shit up and leave it like the day, after And after we go around, and you hit the ground then you know I'm down with the Blows to the Temple * shout outs * The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Common Sense Album: Can I Borrow a Dollar? Song: Just in the Nick of Rhyme Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash The rhyme I pick up, trick up, and like hiccup (Hiccup!) This is a good place for a stickup So throw your hands in the air and say hell yeah I Can Beat Mike Tyson, plus I'm Fresh-er than the Prince of Bel Air And I Blossom, In Colour is how I'm Living see some pretend to be afraid of me but they're my Public Ene-ma Picture this, like a cinema; I'm winnin a contest I knew you was a loser when you bought your girl's prom dress I'm just, another one of the nigs, take a swig I can sing, brothers'll work it out without a gig The gold mud in my blood, I'm a stud smokin blunts Not a fuddy dud if rhymes were pecks, I'd be Woody Wood They're after pestly hoes and that's the hoes I sex and don't collects Rockin a Rolex, preferrin sex instead of Soloflex but I pump skill, to build what I can build and still feel good The baddest hoes be sayin, "Oooh you're real good" Fella a city dweller, it's poison salmonella Auntie's name is Stella, style as def/deaf as Helen Keller Nail a flammer with the Hammer for comin incorrect not with his grammar or bad mamma jama similar, to Bruce Banner So don't get me angry, or maybe you won't like me Kid just in the nick I kick more ass than Bruce Lee's Nike's did Just in the nick I kick on the geek stick, flick a Bic Dick a chick, Slick-er than Rick around the clock I tock to the tic tac toe, rip up my rhyme my mic's my lasso Shit, I got rhymes comin out my asshole I'm in a pole position sole position you're in no position to be dissin it's a, Rainbow Coalition I'm kissin ass, goodbye, rockaby, here's your lullaby like Georgie Puddin Pie but baby baby don't, cry Feed em I heat em and eat em if I don't need em then I leave em as leftovers, packin the weak MC's into ?septober? Til I was older, I couldn't hold a rhyme folder Now I dare ya to try and knock this mic off my shoulder If I'm sober I won't hold a skunk, but when I'm drunk I might let her bunk in my bed, heads be sayin I'm a hunk Like a duck I'm slammin ham MC's MC's I'm servin Makin the people jump like my man... Julius Erving!!! Those deserving props are gonna get theirs Grip, there's something on your lip, oh that's my dick hairs I'm the biggedy biggedy Bear ya scrub Cub with a demo tape Tryin to catch me catch your breath before you hyperventilate for air you're gaspin, your best bet is to take an aspirin I bash it, crash it now you know so stop askin Cause when you ask you make an ass of you and only you, see Just in the nick I kick the funky shit that's why they call me Bootsy The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Common Sense f/ Rayshel Album: Can I Borrow a Dollar? Song: Tricks Up My Sleeve Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Common] I'm a Jake, I don't bake a cake I'm not a cake daddy, you know the type be pullin up in a Caddy with a drop top, see when I hoe hop, I kick it to the bus stop (what?) and it's goodie goodie gumdrops I don't be droppin squat but to the heads they think it's topnotch I'm skippin over every other dip as if it's hop hop hop hop hop hop hop, hop, hopscotch, watch Aiy aiyyo man, ay man, look at ol' girl She got a BIG ass! (Yo man, sic her.) Aiy man, ay... hey sweetheart, how you doin? 	I'm doin fine. Oh word? What's your name? 	Rayshel. Why don't you come over to the house so I can put you in the BUCK BANG! Aight check it, you see I only bag ya for a second You never see me beggin, you see the slimmie naked in my headroom, mo' better yet my bedroom Tippedy tokin, and stutterin as if she's Max Headroom Redroom (Redrum?) No I ain't a murderer I'm Jake the Rake, yo sorry if I'm hurtin the vaginal area, fallopian tubes and your cervix I strongly recommend that for your gen' you get some Jergens I find it beneficial; not to force the issue I just blow my shit and wipe you see a head it's like tissue Use em and throw em away, see a hoe a day is essential If you want a piece of the rock, trick, go to Prudential cause I rock a buyer babe on the treetop And when the wind blows, my dick'll get hard, the cradle will rock I'm like the peacock on NBC, Nuttin But Cock I pump, prrrrrrrrrrrump pump it up yo, like a Reebok Hey, I don't sell junk, but I'm a Junkyard Dog And when I Duke it's a Hazzard, so call me Boss Hog Or Roscoe Pecol, ohhhhh! pain That's the sound of the Caravan... running the train 	yeahhhh yeahh, bitch 	That's the sound of the Caravan, running the train 	Owwowhwahaheha! Check it out, check it out yeah, in yo' eye! 	Yeahh! Hahhh! Yeahh! Twilite Tone got tricks up my sleeve Immenslope got tricks up my sleeve Yo DRK got tricks up my sleeve De La Soul got tricks up my sleeve JuJu got tricks up my sleeve The Nubian Nut got tricks up my sleeve Com Sense got tricks up my sleeve ("Wait... I got another trick up my sleeve") [Rayshel] I'm not a Jake or a Rake or a hoe, but I got the mo' better for head of the class And if you ask me I'm not tryin ta be drastic I'm not a bitch like Robin Givens I'm concerned about your plastic, ask it, I'll tell you what you wanna know And if I tell you no, don't be all up on it dope Frontin so your friends won't know that you got the 86 so you call me a bitch You get your kicks, but Kix and Trix are for kids I don't turn no tricks, I don't suck no Dix-ie cups I hops in the hubba Hubba Bubba I'm like Al B. stud, cause if I'm not your lover or your friend don't try to spend, waste your time tryin to get a taste of mine but you ain't tastin mine So find a new type puss, cause if I don't like you you ain't gettin service G, this ain't the drivethru Drive by, way far, and everything'll be groovy Then you pester me? Yo I'ma tell ya like the Nubians Move on black brotha move on You gotta move on black brotha move on The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Common Sense Album: Can I Borrow a Dollar? Song: Puppy Chow Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash This is a U-A rhyme, dedicate to the ca-nine Tch-a-ch-tchk, c'mere boy, I said it's play-time It's time to play with the mind of a slimmie I don't wanna be a freak, but it's the dog in me I don't pretend to be the open door roses type I open the door for myself, and I close it right in your face, now you wanna taste my food, what? You got your own food, get a attitude You get left, call the ref if you think it's foul I ain't tryin to hear that, so have a Coke and a smile Cause after awhile, I'ma wanna get BUCKwild And now months laters, I'ma say it ain't my child I'm sterile girl, we ain't never did nothin Cause only you and I know that the Common Sense is bluffin Little Miss Muffett, that's how the ball bounces Sorry you gotta bounce the ball eight pounds and two ounces That's how I'm livin, just like a rottweiler When I was a shorty, I was a lot wilder But then I got milder, and settled down with a harem and when I can't bear em, I share em You see it's like no, pass it off, pass pass the puss I ain't a nerd, but WE'VE GOT BUSH So cut the bush brat, and let's move it like a U-Haul Forget the grindin shit, I ain't tryin to get the blueball Brrrrrrrrap bump me child, I'm speakin upon the nitty gritty I'm a dog -- HERE KITTY KITTY .. Zippidy-doo-dah, a zippidy-zippidy-day Unzip your zipper baby, and come my way I'm Jack the Ripper, na-nah not Jack Tripper Cause Three is not Company when your other two friends are thicker So come one friend, come two friend, come all United we stand, divide your legs so I can fall in your bowl of cherries, Kerrie is so very thick thicker than the Dick Tom and Harry Tom and Jerry (WHAT?) A Woody Woodpecker You need body work, I work that body, I'm a bodywrecker Intersector, I'm the nectar plus the plum I manage to take advantage, cause some of these hoes are so dumb If you got some, just an eensy BIT of game then it's safe to say it's that bet you can get a dame I shoot, aim the same game, yo obedientally Tell em that I get the drawers come off immediately Here comes a nut slut, and we can do the Beat Street strut and be that I'm a mutt -- so what? No but if's or maybe baby, look who's talkin to It's true when I'm drunk I might bone anything that's walkin down the street, watchin ladies Nobody's watchin you, because you got a baby I ain't tryin to be a stepfather so I don't bother Word to mommy dearest, I look farther Down the road, to a road not taken I'm tired of all these same bitches, I need to take care a new flower, so Joe can take a shower and get wet, and then jet like ahhhh, seven-forty-seven I tell the girls my number 7-7-7-ninety-three-eleven Then I'm steppin, so when they call me, you'll hear "Is Common there?" Uh-uh, sorry you got the wrong number, if you wonder I'm the lumberjack Choppin down the cherry tree and never comin back It's like that and it'll be like that Because a dog is a woman's best friend black The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Common Sense Album: Can I Borrow a Dollar? Song: Soul By the Pound Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash "Gimme a pound, thank you man" --> Tim Dog (repeat 2X, then 4X faster) I'm as bad bad, as Leroy Brown Brown Yo I'm a pro pro, but not a noun noun If you got beef beef, then you'll get ground ground Cut up in soul soul, by the pound pound I'm going downtown like Julie Brown, I'm the round mound Not a rebound, but like a hound, I get down down Never wore a leash but I get loose Producin somethin fresher than fruits, got more soul than combat boots Diggin two scoops of raisins for the troops out of some blazers so amazin like Luther everyday Joe but not Bazooka I used to be a hooper but now I troop to shoot a free flow Me go with mi amigo, to see the Man named Chico The legal alienaeno, I roll the instrumentals Like Jack I be like Nimble never gentle to a bimbo Not your sex symbol so save that soft stuff for the Care Bears The way I freak funk OHHHH the Monkees sayin, "Hell yeah" Correction, "Hell yes"; old folks wanna cuss on how I walk talk and dress, they say my life's a mess But I'm straight, are you straight, if you straight, then I'm straight Rock me tonight, just for old time's sake Back to our regularly scheduled program, program I am so damn flam, I slam a slam, BAM, I slam like Conan the Barbarian, if you talk loud, I'll play librarian Cause see I want it quiet in here... I Mark a Markyiana a bunch of funky Uncle Thomases Play like Christopher Williams cause I gotta keep my promises to stick to my roots and not dilute cause G this ain't two colors I'm tired of seein these non rappin dancin motherfuckers "Gimme a pound, thank you man" --> Tim Dog (repeat 4X) For a record sale a nigga'll sell his soul to go gold and reach a large scale, sellin for the pale male and I can't tell, why for a hoe you grow a tail and stop drinkin ale, the booty probably smell Ain't no pussy worth a sale at least not for the kid to do a bid Shit you musta flipped you lid, you was wit you slipped you slid Got doodoo skids on my paper cause I got rhymes up the ass If I pass gas, ducks fast or gets trimmed like a mustache I must ask what's goin on with rap, white kids actin black It's like McDonald's sellin fatback Get back to your Mac, that stuff is wack with all these dancetracks I'm hearin rap from Antrhax, my time the Caravan cracks You're wack, that's the only thing that's black Scooter When we was on the streets, you was at home on your computer I'ma shoot a diss well like a fist to all these wack groups Rhymes are wack as hell! And they sample wack loops I'm wonderin how the hell they get a deal I still can't see that far I feel like Cypress Hill, I could just kill an A&R or whoever's in Charge, it surely ain't Charles but you ain't G-in hip-hop, cause it's ours "Gimme a pound, thank you man" --> Tim Dog (repeat 4X) It's sick you sick I'm sicker, I flick a flea flicker Think of thatI boa constrictor but the venom I inflicta is stricter, I stick I stick the stinkin to a stunk If soda was a forty dog, then I would be like drunk If if was a fifth I would lift the fifth and a spliff it's not a myth about our dick width, I'm swift and I shoot the presents In essence count your blessings I got a Wessun if you riff I'm a nigga with SOULLLLLLLLLL, my last name should be Smith-sonian I'm gassin girls heads, just like petroleum Get em ready to bone me and, then I play custodian and turn off the lights this is the likes of a ticketing wallowing high jumping radio rumping brother Got Seoul like Korea gimme an inch I'll take a liter A chick is a chick that's how I treat her never go pop I'm not a two liter A true leader, don't choose to follow, choose what I swallow whether water or a beer bottle, of course I play the lotto Wear em? No, share em? A hoe I like the girls the girls I share a life with a bro cause U-A-C is family, much tighter than foundations that holds up the walls, so you better proceed with caution "Gimme a pound, thank you man" "Gimme a pound" (4X) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Common Sense Album: Can I Borrow a Dollar? Song: Pitchin' Pennies Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash 	Hey C.S. man, umm 	Yeah since you don't wanna gimme a dollar for no beer umm 	why don't you gimme a lyrical shoutout on your album junior? 	C'mon man, gimme somethin man! 	Common! Ah-heh! Let's Make a Deal, pickle I'm pitchin penny dimes and nickles You couldn't sell a sticker, on the tape your DJ tickles I jiggle and juggle the rhymes like, I was to keep you suckers all waiting My tub I rub-a-dub it with my rubber duck I play with those quack MC's, someone's been sittin in my chair And I'ma wash that crank right outta my hair Shampoo but, I'm down with the Nubian Nut, Joe and go for self You're buggin buddy doin somebody nosin don't know yourself Peace to Sef and Jeff, Tae ?Deesy Dirty and Don Tanean? Haste makes waste, so with the case is how my day begins Hot in quarter vader shops the sports day market pelo I'm think of my pap, the doctor slapped me in the hostpial with a G-O Word is bond when I was born, and I took a breath I never rhyme with busted rhymes and even the blind knew I was def Respect to Chico ?Waller Al Kadee Roscoe Kalidjusome? Poo-da, Ba Ba, Luther, the Baby B-Boyz always into some Time for get me drunk, ?Stu and more my cousin adulay? Fuck the bitches who dissed us and the hoes who wouldn't give Rash' a play I'ma play, and which way, until I get my new props Peace to Ricki Love the rockin shot to all the beer spots The marks we used to stick up, the posse gets much thicker To those who I forgot yo I'ma blame it on the liquor That's my nigga list, to those who I missed my ass you can kiss I gotta piss The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Common Sense Album: Resurrection Song: Resurrection Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Verse One] I stagger in the gathering possessed by a patter-in That be scatterin Over the globe will my vocals be travellin Unravellin my abdomen it's Lon that's babblin Grammatics that are masculine I grab them in, verbally badgerin broads I wish that Madelline, was back on Video LP I went against all odds and got a even steven Proceed to read and not believin everything I'm readin But my brain was bleedin, needin feedin, and exercise I didn't seek the best of buys, it's a lie to textualize I analyze where I rest my eyes And chastise the best of guys with punchlines I'm Nestle when it's Crunch-time For your mind like one time If poetry was pussy I'd be sunshine cause I deliver like the Sun-Times Confined in once-mines on dumb rhymes I combine I'm hype like I'm unsigned, my diet I unswine Eatin beef sometimes I try to cut back on that shit This rap shit is truly outta control My style is too developed to be arrested It's the freestyle, so now it's out on parole They tried to hold my soul in a holding cell so I would sell I bonded with a break and had enough to make bail A misdemeanor fell on his knee for the jury I asked No for his ID and the judge thought there was two of me Motion for a recess to retest my fingerprints They relinquished since, cause I was guilty in a sense [Verse Two] I ride the rhythm like a Schwinn bike when in dim light I use insight to enlight devices hit the skin tight Words of wisdom wail from my windpipe Imaginations in flight I send light, like Ben's kite I've been bright Get open like on gym nights And in fights I send rights Don't hook with skins my friends like I spend nights up in dykes In spite I've been indicted as a freak of all trades I got it made I bathe in basslines, rinse in riffs, dry in drums Come from a tribe of bums Hooked on negro and mums Had to halt with the, malt liquor Cause off the malt liquor I fought niggaz Now my speech and thought's quicker Cruisin Southside streets with no heat and no sticker U Ak got my back and we don't get no thicker U Ak got my back and we don't get no thicker U Ak got my back and we don't now check it I'm a homeboy not a home nigga, ain't scared of no nigga  But it's my turn to go I gotta go And I'm gone with the storm The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Common Sense Album: Resurrection Song: I Used to Love H.E.R. Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Verse One: I met this girl, when I was ten years old And what I loved most she had so much soul She was old school, when I was just a shorty Never knew throughout my life she would be there for me ont he regular, not a church girl she was secular Not about the money, no studs was mic checkin her But I respected her, she hit me in the heart A few New York niggaz, had did her in the park But she was there for me, and I was there for her Pull out a chair for her, turn on the air for her and just cool out, cool out and listen to her Sittin on a bone, wishin that I could do her Eventually if it was meant to be, then it would be because we related, physically and mentally And she was fun then, I'd be geeked when she'd come around Slim was fresh yo, when she was underground Original, pure untampered and down sister Boy I tell ya, I miss her Verse Two: Now periodically I would see ol girl at the clubs, and at the house parties She didn't have a body but she started gettin thick quick DId a couple of videos and became afrocentric Out goes the weave, in goes the braids beads medallions She was on that tip about, stoppin the violence About my people she was teachin me By not preachin to me but speakin to me in a method that was leisurely, so easily I approached She dug my rap, that's how we got close But then she broke to the West coast, and that was cool Cause around the same time, I went away to school And I'm a man of expandin, so why should I stand in her way She probably get her money in L.A. And she did stud, she got big pub but what was foul She said that the pro-black, was goin out of style She said, afrocentricity, was of the past So she got into R&B hip-house bass and jazz Now black music is black music and it's all good I wasn't salty, she was with the boys in the hood Cause that was good for her, she was becomin well rounded I thought it was dope how she was on that freestyle shit Just havin fun, not worried about anyone And you could tell, by how her titties hung Verse Three: I might've failed to mention that this chick was creative But once the man got you well he altered her native Told her if she got an image and a gimmick that she could make money, and she did it like a dummy Now I see her in commercials, she's universal She used to only swing it with the inner-city circle Now she be in the burbs lickin rock and dressin hip And on some dumb shit, when she comes to the city Talkin about poppin glocks servin rocks and hittin switches Now she's a gangsta rollin with gangsta bitches Always smokin blunts and gettin drunk Tellin me sad stories, now she only fucks with the funk Stressin how hardcore and real she is She was really the realest, before she got into showbiz I did her, not just to say that I did it But I'm committed, but so many niggaz hit it That she's just not the same lettin all these groupies do her I see niggaz slammin her, and takin her to the sewer But I'ma take her back hopin that the shit stop Cause who I'm talkin bout y'all is hip-hop The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Common Sense Album: Resurrection Song: Watermelon Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash I express like an interstate Hyper when I venilate My rap pieces penetate and infiltrate your mental state Just to reitterate That I innovate Bonin' broads when they men-estruate I speand a great time with the rhyme More than I did any female I derailed your train of thought Because your brain was caught  On some other man's thinking Now your third eye is blinking My rhymes be kicking like a brother's breath be stinking I get funky for sure while you're *sniff* unsure If you got beef, chief, then let that shit unthaw This track was a broad I'd be bonin the shit out of it Bang, bang, bang then see what I can get out of her probably some scratch clothes and some J's I got six thousand ways to rhyme Choose one I stand out like a nigga on a hockey team I got goals, and I can like a pop machine I come clean Like a fiend in Chi I'm down with rehab My stutter styles crazy Cause that's right, we bad, we bad Pryor to Richard I was that crazy nigga Cause I kick ass And when i wreck other rappers be like whiplash! Verse Two: It's like I come I come to the party in a b-boy stance I rock on the mic and make the gils want to dance It's like I come I come to the party in a b-boy stance I rock on the mic and make the gils want to dance Me without a lyric, is like a nigga without a beeper I'm a blow this shit out, cuz I'm the joint like reefer If Barry White was in the mob I still would be deeper Cause i had lyrics back when i used to run with Keyvin MC's step to me, butt-ass naked like "What's up?" I said, "You know you done fucked up Now I'm sayin, "You know you done fucked up" Everybody that here be say I'm Jams like the NBA Cause I'm on fire If I was a Michelan I wouldn't tire It's funny how time flies Well I'm as fly as time I don't believe in role models But if I do, then I'm mine I make brothers say "True" They be you and be like fiction I want 'spect and dead presidents  Like Richard Nixon I'm a coach not a player  Not a gay mc, I'm straighter My style is similiar to AIDS You can f with it now But catch you later You can't touch this, cuz this is what I'm feelin bro I'm the man, you need me I'll be on the fifth flo' Just chillin Even if it's played out it's not the word to play so peace I'm out to Dirty Burgers I'ma give my change to Reese The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Common Sense Album: Resurrection Song: Book of Life I got so much trouble on my mind So I take time Out my day To pray and I say Now I lay me down to sleep Hopin' that I keep My soul Peep, I'm gettin' old  And it's a cold cold world And I ain't even got a bomber Livin' with my momma It's the same routine Keep my room clean I'm lookin' to do some new things but ain't shit to do I'm twenty-two - catch In the prime of my life I have no time for a wife I funnel through the tunnel Disgruntled, tryin' to find me some light In the rim of darkness Aiight you sing, I may not be the darkest Brotha But I was always told to act my age and not my color Knowin' that my color was that of the original So now I sing the new negro spiritual It goes get up stand up...etc. It's like how can you understand the pain When you never had to stand under the rain When it rains it pours, and it's about to come down hard Thank God I found you As I walk down the road of existence I get resistance From all angles I tangle For cash Hopin' it'll last 'Til the end of the week But all I eat is fast food And you know how junk food goes right through ya So I return to the arab And on the way back I stop and the liquor store Grab me a six pack Knowin' that once I'm done with that I'll be back To get some more Once I get started I don't wanna stop And I can't turn around Brew - I can't turn it down Ironically I turn it up My liver I burn it up (Fat line) It's my life I live it up The cup I gotta give it up One day I'm cruisin' down a one way street and I done passed fun day Three blocks ago It itself life is an obstacle As I maneuver through the manure I try to be responsible I want a job but I ain't lookin - how come I ain't tryin' to degrade myself bein' nobody's Calvin But I'm a couch bum what makes it bad I had incentive But I disintegrated To a state that's stagnated I procrastinated I can't recall a day without bein' intoxicated or blowed Ain't dealin' with a full deck and any day I could fold What makes it bad, I wasn't dealt that bad a hand And I had a plan But things didn't go through The way they were supposed to Thank God I found you It's like a jungle sometimes it makes me wonder How I keep from goin' under, I ponder And try to keep my concentration In this idiotic nation They say become I doctor, but I don't have the patients/patience Adjacent To that situation I want an occupation That I'm into 'Cause yet if I begin to Live to my potential I went to  School for fourteen years and my best teacher was experience I reminisce and wish I could go back in time to eighty-nine When there was just sunshine But now it's like I'm gettin' older to so much strain and stress I don't think I'll ever be happpy until I rest In peace Of mind And find Who I am But thank God I found you The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Common Sense f/ No I.D. Album: Resurrection Song: In My Own World (Check the Method) Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash ("Yeah yeah, now check the method" - Extra P from ATCQ's _Keep It Rollin_) 	* cut and scratched 4X by Mista Sinister Verse One: No I.D. No time to get all excited, just write it from the inside let the pen slide, and spread the ink on the papyrus, come understand this (what?) Paint the canvas, givin you my vision To mold you, compose you Get a picture of the scene, then get an exposure Words out my cipher, the life of my circle Train tracks aside of me, Cabrini to Idabi, don't lie to me You want me in your needle Squirt me in your vein, maintain on the couch I excite your brain till I'm out of your system Be digger not a nigger or a niggerole I figure you're the winner of the bread, precede your thoughts 'fore they come into your head (yo kid kinda nice!) From the word, I speak, unique, clear and concise Heads I'm boring, soaring to a new height of flight And then fight the night With a light to gain sight make your competition say AIGHT No I.D. from the city with a bridge on thirty-first Makin all butt crews disperse Chorus: repeat 4X [No I.D.] I'm in my own world ("Yeah yeah, now check the method") Verse Two: Common [No I.D.] ("Check the method") I'm in my own world I say pay attention boy, I say UHH looka here I want you to see me when you do you look and fear I dilate pupils it's cornea than a retina My Book of Life you felt it, because of the texture When I'm bubbly I call the ex ta, see if she still love me I'm advanced like a copy studs be on my sac to dub me CHEAP ASS NIGGAZ! Go and purchase it I ain't do all this work for shit my style's my child I gave birth to it Like an immaculate conception, clean I came Went through label pains, didn't give shorty a name I put, bros before hoes that's the way love and life goes It's a Jungle out there but I'm never Fever-in for them white hoes I love black thighs, you sisters better realize The real hair and real eyes get real guys So before you makeup your face, you better make up your mind I hope you wake up in time for the revolution, or you gon be like "I can't believe it! I got shot!" Bowe/bo so I lick one, not for Riddick But I got the Rid, for my dick And the crab MC's that be all over it Huh, what good is the Rid without the comb? I'm the street pick peace to Nick, Tim, Mark and Sekendall I remember me and Deion tried to get into Mendal I didn't have No I.D., they wouldn't let me in Now them same gumps be askin me to get them in I be like, "You don't know me... fool" And color it purple, cause he ain't in my circle Now I'm talkin square biz to you and I'm out I'm in my own world The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Common Sense Album: Resurrection Song: Another Wasted Nite With... Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash *Common's answering machine beeps* 	Say brotha 	If you ever let me leave out a club 	with a big fat ass, stove-like bitch 	like that without point out the facts, 	I'ma kick your motherfuckin ass. 	Man that nerve of the hoe not to give me no pussy. 	Come up in my house tryin to watch movies and shit. 	This ain't no motherfuckin cinema, BITCH! 	Who the fuck she thought I... 	Say brotha, I wasted a evening 	I shoulda went witcha, but ohh well 	You know I gets my pussy anyway, you know 	That's how playaz do 	But gahd-damnit Rashan 	That big ass bitch *cracks up* 	If you'da said to spread on that hoe 	Man I could kick my own ass 	Well, should go to work 	Just another wasted nite 	And ohhhh, ohhhh 	Heyyy, heyyy, what can you say The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Common Sense Album: Resurrection Song: Nuthin' to Do Typed by: peeqaboo@iwon.com [Intro] Check it on the one, yo Com is gonna come {*repeat 3X*} And check it out, ha [Verse 1] My raps do laps around tracks and adapt to any environment.. I'm the comma comma chamelion I use to pop a wheelie on my blue and gray stingray, it had mags That was when bitches had gucci tags And wasn't rockin' Starters, looking harder than niggas Hoes wore clothes, that exposed they figures 8-7 stepped in the jam, next the police come Fights there would be one, numbers I'd get at least one We'd come to the get-together with whoever You wouldn't know how deep we was, we all didn't sit together Eat up all your vittles, drink your brew and then step to the next cue, let's do it again y'all That was when mad was tall and phat was cold The days of Old Chicago and Fun Town As shorties we run 'round, play strike outs till sun down But the shit ain't as fun now, and the city's all run down We'd troop down to Jew Town, talk a cat down on some gear Have enough for a Polish and car fare I stare, at what use to be better and think about who use to cop our liquor (Who?) Our neighborhood father figure [Hook] I'm out with my crew, ain't nuthin' to do but ah, "Niggas be rollin" -> ODB Ain't nowhere to go, so I hook up with a hoe while I "Niggas be rollin" -> ODB Gotta make a stop take a leak and get some chops cause um "Niggas be rollin" -> ODB We gonna hit the streets for some brew and some eats cause um "Niggas be rollin" -> ODB [Verse 2] I got more rhymes than The Manor got folks Had style since I went to McDowell, wearin' boats And penny loafers though I had the nickel in mines We use to hoop in my yard but now I dribble the rhyme It's like rain drops couldn't make our game stop Skeeter would hit from the SAME spot 'til Marlon tore my shit down, get down, Put your body in motion only the strong survive But on the 6 or the 5 The live-est sets used to be, at the Racket Ball Club with music by, Andre Hatchet Or either a beat by Pharris at them country club parties We'd be hot as hell and House studs would yell "AH-IGHT, NOW MON-EY!" Always I would go there, hip hop clubs were so rare I like the music anyways and it was always hoes there Whitney Young and Kenwood was said to have the best chicks But mostly Hyde Park and "V" hoes is who I messed with The best shit was troopin' to the loop in your precisions Cut class to get ass, but still go to division (I remember that) Over Yamela's crib while his old girl was at work Bust a spoolie on the spread, but still have some on your shirt [Hook] [Verse 3] I tuned into BMX, and taped Farley on the tonemaster Took the 6 instead of the 28 to get home faster Then HPK was the only station that would fuck with rap You was on The Shore by yourself cats'd (would) say "Up your hat." What you could you'd make of it, if you was a gump they'd take ya shit Either fight or break for it, we'd go to the lake and get full My drink then was Boone's and Red Bull I remember swimming in Avalon, and peeing in the pool I thought I was cool, with my "Members Only" and a bowl fade Walk to Walgreens to get the Sportin' Waves pomade And soft brush, as we got older we would start ruckus and bang fags Go to Marshals and change tags, I snagged nuff niggas Go to Marshall's and change tags, I snagged 'nuff niggas In games of Off the Wall, and softball, Piggy one I would call When I first got my three way callin', I caught marks tryin' to lie Home of the original gangbangers, and ain't nobody shot [Hook] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Common Sense Album: Resurrection Song: Communism Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Intro: Yo Troy I'ma come on the rhythm with a little bit of Communism Yeah, hah So check it out, yeah Chick-a chick-a I'm Chick-a chick-a on Chick-a chick-a my my, own shit Like an entrepeneur, that stepped in maneur man I'm newer than a Jack I went up the hill with Jill And Jack Jill's big bootay We did the booty up, I told the Bitch she Betta Have My Money or step to the AMG You know Com Sense, oh yeah him be That nigga that be making all the bid-by-by-bye sounds But since then, Common calm down! I'm on some calm shit watch Com get complicated Simple motherfuckers say the way that Com communicated was too complex, I got a complex not to complain on my brain no complain and so will my community And I prefer compliments So I complement at an angle, of ninety degrees It's the ninties, and music got known for grease I got a sense of direction and a compass Come passed MC's with no compassion, though I heard the screams of But I ain't shy, so why shall I comfort Commiserate at the fort with Jeff I'm so ill But I chilled in my compartment with no company and no meals Now Com can get the panty, but I want my own company And Com is on a mission not to work for commission It's a common market and it's so much competition but to me, competition is none To my comp I'm a ton I get amped like Watts in a riot my compact disc is a commodity, so buy it Instead of competing with Pete Com compromised, Com made a promise Not to commercialize, but compound the soul without the elements, compelling sense into Communism The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Common Sense Album: Resurrection Song: Thisisme Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash "I love the way I am and can't nobody out here change me" --> KRS-One (repeat 2X, then 2X with 'Common' at the end of each line) Check it out Good Morning Viet-Com, I'm back HUH! It's me again Is it me you're looking for? (Yup) For the perfect beat, sweetly oblique I'm fresh, I come clean, but I can't whistle *attempt at whistling* Psss, I'm only buggin While No dug in the crates, I dug in my nose and picked a rhyme any rhyme I don't have any time to waste, I'm hip... don't even trip to an easy travel agent now we fly for free I can be fly for free, you want some fire tree then buy from me I got the flame like U-I-C but I be, U-A-C Some of the realest illest chillest cats you may see in your life if you get one Rappers are like jobs to me (why?) because they get done Here it comes I'm as Able as Cain to get raw That's why the DJ's mix me, I'm gonna bust dicks This is not da bomb so save all your threats I'm good to go and also I'm Rets Rhymes I wrecks affects the roughnecks down to the preps in the Polos, the studs with fros hoes with weaves, the bald-headed to the dreaded To folks with butters, high rollers in rollers Players with plats studs with stockin caps I be rockin raps til I collapse Niggaz play my tape about as much as they do craps I'm on point, I celo, I see high Hi C, I'm free at last I'ma free man, free as the world be and like an early bird, I'm special But you ain't that special, as that investor So to myself I say congratulations I'm glad you had the patience, you better have the patience Cause thisisme "I love the way I am and can't nobody out here change me" --> KRS-One 	Common! (repeat 3X) Whassup Scony Rony I'm that boney homey from Stoney (Common) you know me! Off the GP niggaz see me on the TV Talkin Take It EZ, and they was like "He ain't hardcore!" But hardcore is far more than bats and gats It stems back to the roots of being true It's gonna get me Me, you just get you You What I look like, talkin about some shit I ain't do? I ain't shoot nobody I ain't shank nobody I ain't kill nobody, it wasn't us it was THEM! The Warriors, I'm a warrior and still don't have to sho-gun It takes one to know one, and no one can tell me how to be, cause I'ma be me, aight? Cause I'm a man, now check it "I love the way I am and can't nobody out here change me" --> KRS-One 	Common! (repeat 3X) *singing* Sometimes, sometimes, I get a good feeling! When I'm chillin at the flat, lookin at the wall Wondering can I come off of it, I'm off a bit on the mic I be talkin shit But some say my talk don't make no Sense I'm tryin to make the Dollars, my momma told me to go to school and be a scholar, but school ain't for me So don't even go there, I'm comin out of nowhere, to go where probably in about seven years, I won't have no hair But not only am I the Hair Club President, I'm also a client I come off like a toupee, I still have to pay 2Pc Dark A Raider that never Lost the Ark/arc, on the shot but now when I shoot rock, I be all out of breath My boy Adefo wanted to be a chef But he went down South, and fell in love call me love cause love is gonna getcha I'ma getcha I'm like B.J. my Arm is Strong and I Stretch ya Styles from East to West, all across the country I'm like that big fat woman cause cats wanna bump me I probably would get bumped more if I was a gangster But I am a gangsta, call me the gangsta of love!!! I love my music, I love my momma I love myself, I love you, and you love me And thisis -- I'm out (KRS sample plays in background) Yo I wanna say peace to my moms, my grandmomma Lil Chandra, and John, yo rest in peace to my Aunt Stella My sides moms, Ron's moms, Dawn's moms, Corey's moms Who are you? These people be themselves y'all, peace em out 	Common! (4X) (KRS sample is cut and scratched to end) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Common Sense Album: Resurrection Song: Orange Pineapple Juice Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Hand me a little bit of umm, orange pineapple juice I'ma sip on it, check it out I got a rhyme, you got a rhyme But my rhyme is better than yours (repeat 2X) U-A-C, they get they P's and No I.D., be gettin his P's and The Late Show, they get they P's and ProfessaNots, they get they P's and Peep the maneuver, how bout the Heim-lich I rhyme sick and you can get the duck, coon I'm the shit, you're shit out of luck, tough I'm the act to follow, housing kids like Ronald Mac like Donald Goines, flows I change like coins Choyoyoyyoyoyyng, choyoyoyyyyng, choyoyoyoyyyyyng I draw a crowd like blood with the 'pint of' technique and everybody there be like, "YEAH!" Cause cain't near a nig dat'll say 'Whoomp, There It Is' I'm like a mom on section 8, over-bearing kids shit they be like, "Com-mon!" That's my muhfucka true Youse a hamburger, I'ma Fudrucker askin me to lettuce ketchup, knowin you can't cut the mustard So where's the beef, jerky? I'm as Worthy as James, not that good with names but I do remember your face from someplace this is one taste of Chicago, we got mo' many mo' many mo' many mo' flavors Don't just come to me, go ask thy neighbor-I'm-a-hood takin niggaz under on the tundra, cause "they're plain, they're plain" (Fantasy Island) I'm on a plateau that is fat so It's just a fan-tasy, for the fans to see how I land, I'm grand like a finale I'm goin back to Cali (why?) cause Cali got bitches check it Aiyyo Dart this is a sickness Dee-da-da-da-doo-doo, dee-da-da, ah-eh-da-da Dee-da-da-da-DOO-doo, dee-da-da, dee-da-da South Side, rock on and The West Side, we gotta rock on and Hey yo Chicago, we gotta rock on and The East coast, you gotta rock on and The West coast, you gotta rock on and ah down South, you gotta rock on and Check it... "Now you can go!" Mister Pussy Emcee, just get on gone Get on gone, you pussy MC! Steppin to me, with them dirty feets you'll get defeated like Kunta Kinte, I'm kin to the Lynn crew My great, great, grandpap done been through so much it's in my hemoglobin to be a ill nigga So I figure like a father... that I'ma Turn This Mutha Out But Common you ain't hittin in New York I don't know what you thought hops, but chief I got tall props Some cats think I'm six feet I'm so deep Some stunts be thinkin I'm six-fo', my shit be hittin like switches Bitches, ask, why my, britches, sag I ask the bitches, "Why your titties saggin?" Put your nipple to the bottle I bust rhymes like breastses I can get down, d-d-d-down like pessimist "Ring the Alarm", I got Charm like a neck-a-lace Tell the truth, tell the truth, y'all had to move your neck to this Didn't you, didn't you... and it, and it, and it  and it don't stop, bust it "Gotta crew ya better tell em" --> Keith Murray The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Common Sense f/ Ynot Album: Resurrection Song: Chatper 13 (Rich Man vs. Poor Man) Typed by: ianneed@imap3.asu.edu, OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash 	Let's talk about money 	Ynot get the money 	Common Sense want the money 	Let's talk about money [Common Sense] I... be... the one they call Petey I'm Poe, as Edgar Allen But I'm a poet when I'm freestylin [Ynot] Egad it is I, master Ynot Never The Less Fresh like air, well dressed, yes the LS's here I appear on piers with my peers The Imperial like margerin, I'm butter  Yes, fly like my Lear, I jet [Common Sense] Lookin' at my fake Gucci, it's about that time It's time for some perculator I circulate around the block black So give me a six-pack and a half of Harold's Chicken A good combination When I get bubbly, I do it in moderation One brew, one brew, I said one brew at a time [Ynot] Well I'm a two timer of women that are three times a lady May Sadie say Sade and may Ms. Goldberg say "Yo Whoopie, there it is." Call me E cause I equal MC squared In the Biz, Marks know I got the Kie, to get the girl's noses open like "The Vapors", more pub than the papers More papers than the press, oh yes I gets paid [Common Sense] Yes, check it I didn't grow grow up up po' po'  but once you get grown, and out on your own Bills upon bills upon bills is what you have Before you get your check then you already spend half See I make money, money doesn't make me I'm a reflection of my section and my section 8 [Ynot] Enough I own 8 sections of the world, where I'm sexin' 8 girls to have them comin' in (ohhh yes) 8 seconds I told Victoria her Secret you suck, like Sucrets I Ultrawhite my secretery, I went to Tibet to bet on my horse you bet your life Mine was better and now your deader than a (door knob) eeea wrong [Ynot]	So what's your name? [Comm]	I'm the Com, the bro Com Sense 	And when I don't got scratch, I do feel tense 	And if you givin your papers to a broad youse a dummy [Ynot]	Cause without no money 	"Ain't a damn thing funny" (scratched 3X) [Ynot] Rhymes I exchange like stock, I'm live like stock I rock like Prudential, making ha ha from O That's mucho dinero, like Robert Deniro, I rob-berts Deniro, a hero like the sandwich A Man-wich has mills like Stephanie Mills, dills like pickles,  I'm fancy man I tickles LIKE the French Not Johnny but like a Bench I Press-On like Lee I Stan like Lee, while you Stagger like Lee Most likely I'll gagger that bullish I pull ish like a magnet or dragnet, I don't drag I gets net income Yo bums I rush like adrenaline I'm royal when I flush, your highest hush'll get mushed  like a sleigh dog; I slay dogs who are under me I'm over man, call me Doberman, cause I'm a Pinscher of pennies that's pretty, leave your city green from all the money I spent (What you do?) I stay fresh like a mint from mint I meant my mint, know what I mean? I'm nice Real friendly like an Officer, Friendly and a gentleman Friendly like Neighbors, not Jim  but like Gomer I got Pyle's of loot Attention salute - I kill loot but won't dilute Even if I threw garbage on the ground I couldn't pollute Man, I'm too rich for that, biiitch! 	Ynot got the money [Comm]	So what's your name? [Ynot]	I'm Ynot I own a mansion and a yacht (uh-huh) 	I got essentials and credentials and honies at my feet 	(come on) 	And when I walk the street, I'm never lookin bummy [Comm]	Cause without the money 	"Ain't a damn thing funny" (scratched 5X) [Common] Ynot.. let me tell ya a story Okay it was a black man a white man and a Chinese man The black man of course he was po' (yeah) The white man... he was rich (uh-huh) And the Chinese man, he owned a sto' (aight c'mon) Okay the black man lived on Beat Street The white man lived on Wall Street  and at the Chinese man's store is where they all meet Not really on the good foot  cause the white man kept steppin on the black man's toes (damn!) And in his shoes there were holes But the white man didn't care; shit, he didn't have to wear it (uh uh) The scratch that he had, he got from his parents; with his tight ass, he woulda been poor white trash, but anyway everyday the black man would ask him to spare change but at him, the white man would stare strange So the black man got fed up cause wasn't nobody feedin him and feedin him And took red by his neck and started beatin him and beatin him The Chinese man got 'noid and broke out like a peon And now the black man own the store  and the name of it is Leon's (what's that?) Barbeque that is.. Rib tips, hotsauce, mild sauce, fries, and chicken [Comm]	So what's your name? [Ynot]	I'm Ynot I own a mansion and a yacht (uh-huh) 	I got essentials and credentials and honies at my feet 	(come on) 	And when I walk the street, I'm never lookin bummy [Comm]	Cause without the money 	"Ain't a damn thing funny" [Ynot]	Now what's your name? [Comm]	Well I'm the Com, the bro Com Sense 	And when I don't got scratch, I do feel tense 	And if you givin your papers to a broad youse a dummy [Ynot]	Cause without no money 	"Ain't a damn thing funny" (scratched to end) [Ynot] Two thousand and thirteen shot Common Sense and YNot UAk and Darian combined We rock while you rot.. no stress.. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Common Sense Album: Resurrection Song: Maintaining Typed by: timm2014@hotmail.com [Intro] Gotta watch out for them critters I get the party live, Common Sense will get the party live huh (x4) [Verse One] I was born in Chicago raised on +Planet Rock+ talking zsa zsa zsa zsa, Cats knock my tape like beats (uh), I'm fresh as fruits You pussy MC, it's you I rebuke, repent You burn up you got me bend, I'm current as an event Got on big hoes at Freaknik, frequently your telling me Remove your rockets, so, he ain't put no scratch in my pocket Yo herb, with my head I cock it, and rock it like that brother in Colors Cause I want y'all to live, my Crew is 2 Live, we sneakin' to the rear But I can't get us all in free (what?) it's just another case of that 2 dollar MC I rock the same clothes 3 days straight to you they wrinkled but to my they straight Now I'm straight are you straight? I'm straight as long as I got beer I thought about it jack, and now I'm out of here "Maintain the rock" I get the party live, ayo Chicago get the party live "Don't stop the rock" "Maintain the rock" I get the party live, '87 get the party live "Maintain the rock" "Maintain the rock" I get the party live, a Common Sense get the party live "Don't stop the rock" "Maintain the rock" We get the party live, U.A.C. will get the party live "Don't stop the rock" [Verse Two] I need me some new socks (uhh), I need me some new drawers I draws attention, like a letter to a Sargent There's A Few Good MC's the wack I'm giving code red Slim say I ain't nobody/no body but when they see me at the party they be like "Go head, go head" Cause I got's the cuts like Bobby, rappers are dickheads Choppin' they demo, I do 'em like Big Red My office hours are from 9 to 5, while you avoid the party I make it live The fellas nod and the chicks dance While I'm coolin' in my jumpers and my big pants I'm as dope as PCP, MC's see me and they start having flashbacks I don't flash scratch, I gotta watch my back Now a days blacks don't know how to act, besides Larry Fishburn Charles Dutton and Wesley Snipes, marks wanna test me because I test the mics But I check 'em like sound, and like goose I'm down Plus I done got better since +Soul By the Pound+, I maintain "Maintain the rock" I get the party live, ayo Chicago get the party live "Don't stop the rock" "Maintain the rock" I get the party live, '87 get the party live "Maintain the rock" "Maintain the rock" I get the party live, a Common Sense get the party live "Don't stop the rock" "Maintain the rock" We get the party live, U.A.C. will get the party live "Don't stop the rock" [Verse 3] I fall fresh upon the spirit, with the lyric that's overwhelming And house more hoes then Spellman, words I'm weldin' like James Johnston My brains sponsorin' speech on the mic, I'm like a Jackson Rappers I'm fondlin', they try to settle out of court But I, could never be bought What type of rebel eats pork? I'll take the cat and never get caught You wack together we fought Cause I can't see my melons boxing if we not boxin' with 'em I don't care who started it, I'ma be apart of it Regardless of the odds of how hard It's been many times we was outnumbered and we still got with them I got rhythm from some boogers and some foxes But a 5 becomes a 10 other brothers off some gin I got juice, and this niggas scared I'll F your head up, like the L.A. 4 When I flow like cash I got for broke like Melba Moore Why should a male with a B.A. get more then me? When Rashid got an MC degree, and a doctorate in rockin' shit I go to docs to get A fishwich with cheese, I don't mix with MCs Cause I just don't like them mother.... But I'm still maintaining "Maintain the rock" I get the party live, ayo Chicago get the party live "Don't stop the rock" "Maintain the rock" I get the party live, '87 get the party live "Maintain the rock" "Maintain the rock" I get the party live, a Common Sense get the party live "Don't stop the rock" "Maintain the rock" We get the party live, U.A.C. will get the party live "Don't stop the rock" The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Common Sense Album: Resurrection Song: Sum Shit I Wrote Typed by: scott_rodkey@hotmail.com Marks I erase like racism, I'm as large as a bigot Brew is my escapism, when I'm bubbly I just kick it What I need from you is understanding that I'm standing On my own two, down with my own crew Toe cancer, I'm bad to the bone too, I'm prone to snap off When I'm off that Cognac I can't hold back like a massouse I get loose like a screw turned from left right to tight When it's time for some action I get Red's "Tonight's Da Night" An eye for an eye, a life for what's right Dissected I'm on some hi-tech shit computers want to bite Your style is Pascal, mine is Basic and just instinct I'm with the fam and ran scams, me and Murray got up on big links And if knowledge is the key, goddammit I'm the locksmith Studied the missionary waitin on my life, the mic I rush like bostage I switch styles like a channel with controls that are remote Engage in a page, and with words I elope Walking down the aisles with styles I freak the vows That tie knots when I rocks like a Z-28 At any rate, brothers gain interest because I loaned them microphones They couldn't house the shit so they had to rent to own It's like that, coming from the go rapper I wanna bone Jada Pinkett and that hoe Patra So keep on, and you don't, now come on Ah keep on, and you don't When I'm alone in my room sometimes I stare at the wall And in the back of my mind I hear a wack-ass rhyme And I catch Alz-rhymers, then forget it, I get charged Like a nigga in position with the stolen card of credit Fuck flipping the script, the rap scene I'm trying to edit My mellows call me "Never", they be like "Never's going to get it" Never's too much, I'm much too, I do justice to poetics That's why cats be like "Fuck you, fuck you, fuck you!" Other studs come through to see what I am up to They be on the dick of crew that be giving us weed and buying us brew Like Kareem I got the hook up, brothers look out because they look up Rest in peace to Heaven, I'm washing tons of rappers like Booker Tee told me "You gotta get out of the crib, get into the world" How you going to come off with the style that's sterile? It's like that, keep on, ha ha It's like that, keep on My foundation is in black block of niggas that rock they hat cock I'm real like a fight with my rap, rappers I slapbox Back I got my rap cocked get your glock out the black face Got tall flavor with fat taste, the rap race is a rat race Just cause you got Adidas with the fat laces and the fro don't make you  hip-hop You sorry excuse for funk rap Why is there so many cranks trying to rhyme, yo funk that The real shit's starting to come back The Go is where I'm from and where I'm at, jack I started eating cat when I was 10 Before then I was getting big dog like Glen Robinson I don't see nothing wrong with a little bump and grind But comes a time when you gotta get off of that booty The facts of life I didn't learn from watching Tootie But living in the big city but I still like Tootie cause she got big titties My style is steep, I rip rhymes on the incline Splat guts bust fat nuts and lay up like a crypt line I'm slamming, jamming on the one I'm a bad man, you're just a good son, come on The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Common Album: One Day It'll All Make sense Song: Invocation Typed by: jostmatt@bgb.ch Envisioning the hereafter, listenin to Steve Wonder On a Quest for Love like the Proceed drummer I strike like lightning and don't need thunder Inhale imagination and breathe wonder That's your lady, I used to run up in her and G weed from her It's a cold world and niggaz need summer At times my going forward seems like retreat  As I rewrite rhyme after rhyme and throw away beats Growing into my britches, outgrowing the streets There's a thin line between war and peace, whores and jeeps Ignore MCs like beeps, scribblin freedom on pages My third eye is like pink eye, seemin contagious Redeemin the ancients with ageless rhyme jargon I feel Mexican, hip hop is my garden Don't give a fuck where you chartin, certain shit I can't honor It ain't that you sellin, it's your karma Rappers I monitor like a chaperone, you large and haven't grown Poetically perform fly-bys, another rapper gone The stage becomes a catacomb, I rap like a mummy Not for the money, I could have sampled Diana Ross a long time ago My mind of flow is like motor key 20 Youngblood said he had dimes, I prayed that he see twenty Hollerin at the brothers, either you gon be a thug or a man Flip drugs and get land, I can see my man Rashad As he described how the bucks hit him And said slugs was still stuck in him, when it rained, it fucked wit him This bucket interrupt wisdom and asked when my album was comin I said it's here It's here (*echoed*) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Common Album: One Day It'll All Make Sense Song: Real Nigga Quotes Typed by: OHHLA.com {unknown} One two, one two, one two Yo, I be the Big Illinois, here to build and destroy I come on your deck, on your set On your strip, through your burrough Rippin any muthafucka that steps towards me Yeah, I got power like floors be Yo, check it out y'all [Common] Real nigga quotes I tote, got some shit on the free but  This some shit that I wrote, legendary like The Goat Who got game? Giving a quarter rest while I make these quarter notes My album, niggaz was expectin, now my water broke Before it, I was sorta broke Get the paper for the funnies, sports and the horoscope On a curry goat, like flu stokes order coke You sharp with your rings and chain but you short a rope At the end of the road trip still, I'ma hold shit down like syndrome Rappers are like Fox Brown tryin to get home Rarely get your touchdown, I'm in the end zone You can't honor what I'm on, then bitch nigga, get gone >From the wind storm, I've been told the street folklore Body language spoke raw, don't talk to broads that are spoke for That provokes war, stand out like cold sores You claim that you hard but you wholecore George Bush and CIA, you movin old or I Wright like Richard for publishing while you sold yours [Chorus: Dug Infinite] Com got rhymes, Dug make beats Style complete, plus unique, the shit be sweet (on the real)You know the shit be real(x5) (down on the real to real) [Common] Chicka-chicka-M-chicka-C-chicka-M and my  People call me Com and collective with prospective I draw crowds, go off like car alarm sounds Bomb like 'Nam sounds, tell yo bitch to calm down Unless you want to get me skull askin me to take my hat off On ill raps, I spit as if I had a bad cough This Craig nigga stole a style and ain't take the tag off Playin yourself, you can't come with it, so you jack off More heart than an artery, jones in my bones To see thugs in harmony, it's gonna be some drama If you try to sit Com down, this ain't comedy Shit is real like a station property, crew is formin colonies Commonly, I hear these rats thinkin they mahogany On every rap hook, soundin like a dog to me In a reservoir, I flow and go On and on, like Erykah or etcetera Designated not to make hits but hit home Out of proportion, hit makers get blown (scratching)(on the real) [Chorus: Dug Infinite] [Common] R and B studs kill me with they hardcore ballads Love songs is violent, them niggaz whole style is silent I hate to Staple the singers together, but in my head It's been ringin forever...and a day if you grew up on Marvin Gaye Where all you singers booty this and freak me baby, it gets me MCs be insecure, like them little hoe niggaz Immature Wearin bobs, if I got a show in your town, I'm there with mob Bukein niggaz and pullin broads is the apparent job (scratching)(on the real) chorus(x2) (don't front)(echoed) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Common f/ Lauryn Hill Album: One Day It'll All Make Sense Song: Retrospect for Life Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Yo, we gotta start respectin life more y'all You look at your brother man you gotta see yourself Gotta see the God within him Brothers gettin changed real quick over nothin We losin too many of ours Gotta recreate y'all Yo, check it Knowin you the best part of life, do I have the right to take yours Cause I created you, irresponsibly Subconciously knowin the act I was a part of The start of somethin, I'm not ready to bring into the world Had myself believin I was sterile I look into mother's stomach, wonder if you are a boy or a girl Turnin this woman's womb into a tomb But she and I agree, a seed we don't need You would've been much more than a mouth to feed But someone, I woulda fed this information I read to someone, my life for you I woulda had to leave Instead I lead you to death I'm sorry for takin your first breath, first step, and first cry But I wasn't prepared mentally nor financially Havin a child shouldn't have to bring out the man in me Plus I wanted you to be raised within a family I don't wanna, go through the drama of havin a baby's momma Weekend visits and buyin J's ain't gon' make me a father For a while bearing a child is somethin I never wanted to do For me to live forever I can only do that through you Nerve I got to talk about them niggaz with a gun Must have really thought I was God to take the life of my son I could have sacrificed goin out To think my homies who did it I used to joke about, from now on I'ma use self control instead of birth control Cause $315 ain't worth your soul $315 ain't worth your soul $315 ain't worth it [Lauryn Hill (two layers of vocals, same words)] I, never dreamed you'd leave, in summer You said you would be here when it rained [Common] Yo Why didn't you stay Seeing you as a present and a gift in itself You had our child in you, I probably never feel what you felt But you dealt with it like the strong black woman you are Through our trials and tribulations, child's elimination An intergration of thoughts I feel about the situation Back and forth my feelings was pacin Happy deep down but not joyed enough to have it But even that's a lie in less than two weeks, we was back at it Is this unprotected love or safe to say it's lust Bustin, more than the sweat in somebody you trust Or is it that we don't trust each other enough And believe, havin this child'll make us have to stay together Girl I want you in my life cause you have made it better Thinkin we all in love cause we can spend a day together We talkin spendin the rest of our lives It's too many black women that can say they mothers but can't say that they wives I wouldn't chose any other to mother my understanding But I want our Parenthood to come from Planning It's so much in my life that's undone We gotta see eye to eye, about family, before we can become one If you had decided to have it the situation I wouldn't run from But I'm walkin, findin myself in my God So I can, discipline my son with my writin Not have a judge tellin me how and when to raise my seed Though his death was at our greed, with no one else to blame I had a book of Afrikan names, case our minds changed You say your period hasn't came, and lately I've been sleepy So quit smokin the weed and the beadies and let's have this boy [Lauryn Hill] I, never dreamed you'd leave in summer You said you would be here when it rained 	You said you would be here when it rained Ohh I, never dreamed you'd leave in summer Now the situation's made things change 	Things change Why, didn't you stay 	Why didn't you stay... I, never dreamed you'd leave, in summer 	In summer You said you would be here when, it rained 	When it rained, it rained Ohhhohh I, never dreamed, you'd leave in summer 	You said you wouldn't leave Now the situation's made things change 	Things change, why didn't you stay? Stay, stay stay stay stay stay stay Mmmmm, stayyy Uh-uh Ohh why didn't you stay.. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Common f/ De La Soul Album: One Day It'll All Make Sense Song: Gettin' Down at the Amphitheater Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash 	"Ga-ga-gangbusters!!" [Dove] Hey give it Boogie like the BX, sex regular booger bitches get the backseat, G-bumps'll make you buy tapes Ex-cape the fire tonight, switch like Jekyll and Hyde and shit, wreckin we live and shit This swamp water style'll keep em dirty and wet I bet mills on the rhyme skills, we walk away set Rich like topsoil, connect coin with currency Places that I couldn't pronounce, and then bounce Illegal ain't illegal if it's less than an ounce Keep it come in T. La Rock amounts, see +It's Yours+ Study scrolls that includes the clause Get your dirty paws out my bowl, your hustle's too old to deal with the shuffle, you exhaust me like a muffle Get zapped and zipped in the duffle Came to the set splashed, no Roley on the wrist To Hell with a guest list, we all up in this! A two dollar somethin got your eyes on him But yo she pinchin my ass so we go, limb for limb Lights studio dim, it's EXACT tonight So we can drop the Rap Delight, on one! 	Just dance, you know you gots the feelin 	Just dance, ah come on and get down 	and just dance, you know you gots the feelin 	Just dance, ah come on and get down 	and just dance, you know you gots the feelin 	Just dance, ah come on and get down 	and just dance, you know you gots the feelin 	Just dance, ah come on and get down 		"Just get on down.." [Common] Underground under pressure, my style is the child of a lesser, God, I Master like Farad Persona in between the El Rook'n, and El DeBarge Metaphorically massage, verbal hajj I take over breaks and chop loops Glorifyin, one-eighty hat cats can rock in my troops Wisdom like a tooth, mock new shits I knock loose Datin game Thursday's I spot juice, Plug like Pos'nus Before you get a style, let's get a style My style pans the crowd back and forth You were soft as the tracks you rappin off, I pop shit You tried to laugh it off, actin like you had to cough and didn't hear it, my spirit sustains in the same pattern emcee, familiar sample period; spottin where you sampled  your rhyme scheme from -- I ain't clearin it I drop science and experiment -- contractually came to terms of endearment with my label Want to pick out a day to smack wack niggaz, I contact niggaz like P.O.'s, you spit background lyrics, I rip Lee flows Wipin your nose like you need blows Claimin it's a allergy, I react allergic to cats or is it how they word it If you had weight it must have been some pussy you served with Thoughts fermented, I rode rhythms and words tinted Many lip profess, I'm verb centered 	Just dance, you know you gots the feelin 	Just dance, ah come on and get down 	and just dance, you know you gots the feelin 	Just dance, ah come on and get down 	and just dance, you know you gots the feelin 	Just dance, ah come on and get down 	and just dance, you know you gots the feelin 	Just dance, ah come on and get down 		"Just get on down.." [Pos] It's like rip y'all, add it on to lip Wonder Why's upon this, just to flex my strength I was the one who killed wackness so I had to do a bid of twelve years on the mic, before parole with Tommy 'Kid' Infinite landscaper, green paper maker Leap far from home with chrome rims and trims Man these people still takin rappin for a joke The pimp, I rock it one-double-oh percent Some of you MC's should be called CM's, Carbon Monoxide on the mic exposin your polluted bloodtype Y'all niggaz need a visit from the Brain Fairy Walk around dead, like your physical's buried Wrote the rhymes durin a earthquake, cause your style's shaky as SHIT! Just need to come clean and admit that yo' quick draw fails the test, and mine was flawless My DJ gave the scratch, yours was clawless Your crew couldn't even measure to mine That's why yo' bitches is busted, and mines is fine Performin with an upper design, so back on off the plank We bringin this Big and Bad like Hank 	Just dance, you know you gots the feelin 	Just dance, ah come on and get down 	and just dance, you know you gots the feelin 	Just dance, ah come on and get down 	and just dance, you know you gots the feelin 	Just dance, ah come on and get down 	and just dance, you know you gots the feelin 	Just dance, ah come on and get down 		"Just get on down.." 	and just dance, you know you gots the feelin 	Just dance, ah come on and get down 	and just dance, you know you gots the feelin 	Just dance, ah come on and get down 	and just dance, you know you gots the feelin 	Just dance, ah come on and get down 	and just dance, you know you gots the feelin 	Just dance, ah come on and get down!!! 		"Just get on down.." * cut and scratch of "Just get on down.." to the song's end * The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Common Album: One Day It'll All Make Sense Song: Food for Funk Common: What, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo Yo, yo yo yo, yo, yo, yo, yo Check it, yo You say a one for the trouble, two for the time Come on y'all, let's rock that, uh (I can feel the funk)(x4) Check it I come to grips with mics I come to grips that a lot of mic users is dikes I come to grips with the likes of Fred Hampton Cold, so I'm lampin, with no need for spotlight When I got light like an intersection, you talk But you came to my town with protection Election year, had the block hot I scream "fuck the world" for having a baby girl sorta cock block I write rhymes like I come from the windy city With my crew, I click like simply, stand midi with reality Casually, I walk through these war games Some claim say but then they take on whore names If that's the way your sex drives, stay in your lane If you're a man, I can't tell like if the door rang now Chorus: Now, to the ladies in the house when you come in the place It ain't a bunch of niggaz all up in your face The music is thumpin and you're feelin the bass What you wanna do girl(wanna shout) To the brothas when you come in a jam, it ain't a bunch of niggaz It ain't high tech and ain't got free liquor You jackin his name and stick to make you jones get thicker What you wanna do man?(let go) Yo, check it Some niggaz be on the mic, sounding like dikes Allow me to get on and bust like Spike(uh) Lee, I'm in the majors with no rotation Through stations of bullshit, I see through like a pager In the age of Aquarius, various things Is gonna carry us in intellect and what have you Street astrologists interpret point stars and half moons Then end up on garages or walls in bathrooms Every black moon, a rap tune move me The rap sun, I rain more than Rudy, that unruly shit is played It don't stop It's time to get it, get it made I got my mind made up like Foxy Brown's face I know how the underground tastes I want a crib from the ground up, rooms spin at a round pace Get down based on true story, through Corey, came close to the teachers Colder as the Iceman, posted before it start wrinklin Linkin with cats, who don't react to change in the years Fulfill prophesies in rooms full of emptiness, now Chorus: I can feel the funk(x8) Yo, check it, check it I came through the corridor, with the aura Raw Chicago mora, scope the horror Read between the lines and know the border Some pop wines for juice, I wait in the water Waitin for you Big Willie niggaz to have a show at The Crib We gon get with your glamour, long as we know where it is Tell you ain't a player by your sweater doused with wack feather The Crib got the gangsta playa shit patent like black leather I rap better than you, you, or maybe him But I am like a tree and every lyric is a timb Spilled brews and greasy foods got my car smelly Some be so high, they believe they fly like R. Kelly But then they fall off, dusted niggaz is gettin sawed off They fall soft, my mental lift is for me to haul off I kick ass Chorus: (scratching) I can feel the funk(x16)(makes me wanna shout, wanna shout)(x4) (scratching)Wanna shout Artist: Common f/ Cee-Lo  Album: One Day It'll All Make Sense  Song: G.O.D. (Gaining One's Definition) Typed by: OHHLA.com [Common] After bein' 25, you know, just trying to survive in the world  Bout to have a little boy or baby girl. Who knows?  Anyway, just when you start gettin that little age and experience to you You start thinkin about stuff...tryin to make the right moves  So bust it out, this is what I was thinkin, check it  Yo, the education of the Lon-chicka-Lonnie Lynn  Began, began with time  Bein my bloodline is one with the divine  In time brotha, you will discover the light  Some say that God is Black and the Devil's White  Well, the Devil is wrong and God is what's right  I fight, with myself in the ring of doubt and fear  The rain ain't gone, but I can still see clear  As a child, given religion with no answer to why  Just told believe in Jesus cuz for me he did die  Curiosity killed the catechism Understanding and wisdom became the rhythm that I played to  And became a slave to master self  A rich man is one with knowledge, happiness and his health  My mind had dealt with the books of Zen, Tao the lessons  Koran and the Bible, to me they all vital  And got truth within 'em, gotta read them boys  You just can't skim 'em, different branches of belief  But one root that stem 'em, but people of the venom try to trim 'em  And use religion as an emblem  When it should be a natural way of life  Who am I or they to say to whom you pray ain't right  That's who got you doin right and got you this far  Whether you say "in Jesus name" or "Al hum du'Allah" Long as you know it's a bein' that's supreme to you  You let that show towards others in the things you do  Cuz when the trumpets blowin, 24 elders surround the throne  Only 144,000 gon get home  Only 144,000 gon get home  Only 144,000 gon get it baby  Chorus: Cee-Lo I've lived and I've learned  I have taken and I've earned  I have laughed, I've cried  I have failed and I have tried  Sunshine, pouring rain  found joy through all my pain  I just wanna be happy with being me  [Cee-Lo] Let me voice my concern  So many of my fellow brothers have given themselves a title  That their actions didn't earn  Our ignorance is in the same breath as our innocence  Subconciously, seeking to find an impressionable mind to convince  I've finally come to the realization why Black people in the worse place  Cuz it's hard to correct yourself when you don't know  Who you are in the first place  So I try to find the clue in you  But evidently, White folks know more Black history than we do  Why're we bein' lied to? I ain't know our history was purposely hidden Damn, somethin' in me wanna know who I am  So I began my search, my journey started in church  It gave my heartache relief when I started to understand belief  Hustlin was like a gift spent my share of time in the streets  Taught me survival from this evil I'm just gonna have to deal with  And I felt like a fool when I tried to learn it in school  It almost seemed like a rehearsal when the only  Science and math are universal  Takin elder advice, read the Bible, the Koran  Searched scrolls from the Hebrew Israelites  Hold on, this ain't right, Jesus wasn't White  Some leads were granted with insight  and it's all in the plan, but it took me some time to overstand He still created with the imperfection of man  So, with followin' I disagree  By no means have I forgotten or forgiven what's been done to me but  I do know the Devil ain't no White man, the Devil's a spiritual mind  That's color blind, there's evil White folk and evil niggas You gon surely find there's no positivity without negativity But one side you gonna have to choose  Any chance to speak I refuse to misuse So how can you call yourself God when you let a worldly possession  become an obsession and the way you write your rhymes and  Can't follow your lesson  If a seed's sown, you make sure it's known, you make sure it's grown  If you God, then save your own, don't mentally enslave your own  If you God, then save your own, don't mentally enslave your own  If you God, then save your own, don't mentally enslave your own  Well, I've lived and I've learned  I've taken and I've earned  I have laughed, I have cried  I failed and I have tried  Sunshine, pourin rain  I found joy through my pain  Just wanna be happy...bein me  Bein me The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Common f/ Mylik Yusef Album: One Day It'll Make Sense  Song: My City This the city of Chicago The state of confusion The style I'm using is free Or at least it would be if my mind was Peep I'm behind cause  I didn't handle my function while in high school Although I was cool The hood I live in ain't that proper Cause a cop a stop ya And have you at a hundred and eleventh before you can say not guilty I'm not filthy Nor am I rich Ain't that a bitch Like life is  Not your wife is See that your better halve Do your math And peep that two halves make a whole And all I have to hold  Is my self pride So these streets I strive Like a Black Panther Asking can the  situation get much worst All I do is try to appeal to the masses As the phrase keep it real passes The teeth of too many phoney individuals Snakes, that smooth like criminals They create chemicals That the Earth hate Doing their damndest to decrease my birth rate I'd settle for lesser knowing I'm worth wait Or at least my weight in precious gems So I'm steadily steadly steadly Trying to lose my religion, like R E M Created in His own image so are we him? And through all this crises Shid(Shit) I wonder where Christ is Well he damn sure not in K town or the wild hundreds Where they broadcast G.D. till the world blow-up And Stone run it Hunted by police for display in state vile cages Come out to make minimum wages And with a desiese that are contagious It is fucking outrages The amounts of Black and Brown they lock up But the Most High encourages me to put the glock up And Stock up on do for self knowledge A brother couldn't afford to go to collage So I had to learn form the school of hard knock On the hard blocks of the Chi Even I, think about moving out to River Oaks As my liver soaks In mad Hennesy Cause I got a bad tendency To do a lot of drinking Now I do a lot of thinking Blinking, was your third eye When you heard I was one of the chosen one Industry doors keep closing (sing) Watch the closing doors Niggas want a record deal But can they deal with a record? Cause once they get rich They tend to switch Like a sissy Please miss me With all that bullshit you popping This knowledge I'm gonna keep dropping Even if you had one of them red octagon Motherfuckers say Mylik how you make your living? I say by breathing oxygen The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Common Album: One Day It'll All Make Sense Song: Hungry Typed by: OHHLA.com [Common] Yo, niggaz don't want none of this Niggaz know they can't fuck with this Turn this shit up just a little more I walk the night in rhymin armor, bomb a nigga like a winter coat Have him on Death Row searchin for an Interscope Yet I sparkle like Irene Cara Symbolize dope, like sirens do terror Mariel just had a baby someone else decapitated Flashbacks of past raps make me so glad I made it Players is gettin traded I drop a gem off, them who's style is jaded My juice is grated Shit is so bangin niggaz say it's gang related On philosopher's rink of thought, I've skated with precision Crews is gettin split like decisions Com will let it ride in collision Vision like Coleco or tele, I battle stars in stellar... Regions, my thought scheme was my like my offspring Now, it's teethin My reason of rhyme applies to season and time Season of mind, body and regions divine In mom's cookouts, I'm leavin the swine Verbal vegeterian, squashed beef with Ice Cube Came in this rap life nude Now I'm fully clothed with flows You tricks can't hide behind expensive cars and clothes Old niggaz I expose like Luke does hoes in videos With classic material, imperial and rugged like Got mag, but my slugs a mic You fake like a smile, like a hug, I'm tight Skip ladies, this is rip a muthafucka night Oracle arouse, niggaz don't even run for cover right Downtown interracial lovers hold hands I breathe heavy like an old man, with a cold can of Old Style Hold a Stone Isle profile Mix between Malcolm X and Sef when I go wild Hold mics like a second nut until the second comin Hummin comin towards you with power like forwards do Hip hop, you my bitch and like a Ford, I'm Explorin you  So, wack niggaz be cool, with them, I stay cordial Flowin room temperature, cats is presumed miniature Like golf. Soft like Tiger Woods And real nigga angles I've stood with ways that's geometric Don't need to rob banks with dike broads to Set it I levitate to the occasion, lounge like a lyricist Rhyme wise, you a rest haven You sat by the door spooked like I was Wes Craven You need to do more deletin and less savin A praise in hell, raisin heaven Like the bill on my pager leavens What you should have known from day one You will on day seven "Hungry hip hop junkie in the city" (*scratched 3X*) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Common f/ Erykah Badu Album: One Day It'll All Make Sense Song: All Night Long Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Common (with Badu singing in background)] Yeah.. wanna feel the vi-ah-hi-hibe Wanna feel the vibe, wanna feel the vi-ibe! Uhhh.. wanna, what? Yeah Wanna, what? Uhh, yeah (come on) Every-bod', c'mon, uhh Yo, yo.. (all night long) [Common] Durin divine hours, I use mind power to refine flour/flower girls, and make em feel like black pearls Get they minds off acryllic nails and the rap world It's a lot you can find in the lost black girl Made signs built in lodges, we be in garages Discussin who we boned and who God is Pro-black like Craig Hodges with my dashikis in the cleaners I kick it for the Chevy ridin head to backstreet leaners [Erykah Badu (with Common)] Allllll.. (uhh) niiiiiight.. (yea yea, what?) [HAH] Allllll.. [HUH, UHH] niiiiiight.. (whatcha say now Bee, what?) Allllll.. (yeah, yeah yeah) niiiiiight.. [AOW! Aoww-owwww] (to freak it with the) Allllll.. (now let me get a piece of this)  (let me get a piece Bee) niiiiiight.. [Common] Check it, check it I was born underwater with three dollars and a cocktail Tryin to make the Garden of Eden, out of Auckdale and Rockwell Lock'd in this Grid like a Tupac tale While her-on rock smells make the cops tail My third eye is my rail, on this L of thought With afrocentric stamps I'm mailin thoughts to my Gods held in court I dwell where rebellion's taught, and emotions seldom walk I try to Walk Like an Egyptian, but Hieroglyphics fail to talk I guess the hustlin is the unspoken Gospel Love that I'm an apostle, feel the holy spirit of Chicago E Bottom, here's the bottle I think I, need a cup of a tea, because I'm novel (come on bay-bayyy) Bust it [Erykah Badu] Iahhhhh jus' wanna rock you Alllllll night looooong Allllllll (come on bay-bayyy) All night long.. all night long.. All night long.. on and on and on and onnnn (come on bay-bayyy) Iahhhhh jus' wanna rock you (all night long) Alllllll night looooong (all night long) Allllllll (on and on and on and onnnn) [HAH, UH-HUH] Iahhhhh (all night long) jus' wanna rock you (all night long) Alllllll night looooong (all night long) 	{what? yo-yo, yo-yo yo-yo check it, check it} On and on and on and onnnn [Common] A portrait of the Artist, formerly known as Sense The brain-wash, with my vocal tones I rinses Opportunity and the beat knocks Women, give me rhythm like beatbox, but it's the year of completion, I want a Queen to complete Rash' who's flavored from stacks, to Reeboks Send blessings to the family of Ice Mike Shit like that, don't help me write right, but I got site/sight like a destruction worker, when it's time to build Get off like Sam Jack' and it's +Time to Kill+ In perseverence I'ma find a meal, and provoke My Gramps used to trick off big papers at the Riverboat It go.. [Erykah Badu (with Common)] Allllll.. niiiiiight.. all night Allllll.. niiiiiight.. you got it goin all night Allllll.. niiiiiight.. y'know, y'know it all night Allllll.. niiiiiight.. oahahhhoahhohhhhhh (yea, yeah) [Erykah Badu] Iahhhhh jus' wanna rock you (one more time) Alllllll night looooong, oahhhhohhh (ebb in feelings) Iahhhhh jus' wanna rock you (I ain't sleeping) Alllllll night looooong (all night long) On and on and on and onnnn [Common] Check it I walk downtown to tempos and never lose the beat Some people got ignorance confused with bein street on the, street of desire my body and soul meet Arguin over thick broads and meals with no meat Had the cold feet for a second Mega-niggaz in my box throwin suggestions Had me checkin myself and double checkin, I popped the +Resurrection+ In the mirror I only heard my reflection Let me hold mics, while you hold dicks and CD collections And at MusicLand and Coop's, we can make connections I meditate with confidence, to not chomp on cents Outspoken like 30's but yet I guard my lips Writin niggaz with stripes, I hold posture with Poppin shit to fat broads, wearin os-trich Givin em voicemail, tracks are like County To them I voice-jail/gel, if you believe in Heaven why is the choice Hell? Why is this choice Hell? Why is this choice Hell? [Erykah Badu] Iahhhhh jus' wanna rock you Alllllll night looooong, oahhhhohhh (keep goin) Iahhhhh jus' wanna rock you (keep goin, keep goin, keep on) (and don't you give up) Alllllll night looooong (ah keep on, ah keep on) Ooahhhoahhhhh (ah keep on, ah keep.. ah don't you give up) Iahhhhh (all night long) jus' wanna rock you (all night long) Alllllll night looooong (if you want it you can have it lay upon my rest) On and on and on and onnnnnnnnnn (keep it goin baby) (if you want it you can have it lay upon my rest) Iahhhhh jus' wanna rock you (all night long) Alllllll night looooong (if you want it you can have it lay upon my rest) (all night long) On and on and on and onnnnnnnn Alllllll (if you want it you can have it lay upon my rest) niiiiiiiight Alllllll (and if you want it you can have it lay upon my rest) niiiiiiight Alllllll niiiiiiiiight Alllllll niiiiiiiiight Alllllll niiiiiiiiight Alllllll (don't stop now) niiiiiiiiight (no no no, no, uh-uh) Alllllll (you bet' not stop) niiiiiiiiight Alllllll niiiiiiiiight Yeahhhhhh.. Common Sense, and Baduuuu The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Common Album: One Day It'll All Make Sense Song: Stolen Moments Pt. I Common: Down da-down-da-down-down-down, what(x3) Down-da-down, check it, check it There was a Hardy boy mystery I was tryin to solve Can't understand who the fuck was involved Back from a show I had came, hopped off the plane In my mind home was pictured and rest was the frame My God came and grabbed in something less than a Caddy Go buy them gas and food was less than a cabby As we approach my tilt, paranoia in my bones had built By the lock on the door, a hole was drilled I opened it to the kitchen floor my heart nailed In my shit, somebody had broke in like a mitt My mind started swingin and who I thought the glove fit As usual, niggaz is suspects Who did I tell I was going out of town Not too many people, I guess the word got around The people upstairs should have been disturbed by the sound Must have came during the day when at work, they was found At the mount I stand folded than tie Askin who done it Fuck Hitchcock, I got the fifth cocked About to go wild hunted Whoever did it had the nerve to chill and get blunted And left a roach in the ash tray, I had cleaned out the last day Before I left, this thief decided to play chef With the beef in the fridge to cook chicken breast I'm kickin what shit was left all around the house Thinkin whoever came in on me is out chorus It's a frantic situation It's a frantic situation, yes it is (What can I do?) It's a frantic situation It's a frantic situation, hear me now (What can I do?) It's a frantic situation It's a frantic situation, yes it is (What can I do?) It's a frantic situation It's a frantic situation, hear me y'all (What can I do?) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Common f/ Black Thought Album: One Day It'll All Make Sense Song: Stolen Moments Pt. II Black Thought: It's a frantic situation(x7) Common: Extra salty cuz whoever beat me, got me for this 31-inch And this Alpha Bailey jacket I had just bought me Out of snappin, my God tried to talk me But what could get me half way calm was this Donny Hathaway song The tape that it was on I had wanted while I was gone But forgot to pack it, in fact it was in that jacket This demo, it's time to track it and lay it down Either it's somebody I know or somebody I stay around Day before I broke out, niggaz was over my crib gettin smoked out No tellin who had the place scoped out Donnie brought over some niggaz I didn't know I'm askin, who are you, they said I'm with the Mo If it was them, soon I will collide with them And they better not be rockin no new Iversons Then it could have been this hype that usually shovel my snow If I'm out of town or not, by my car, he would know Now, it might have been this stripper I met at Pinkhouse party Thick, but my furniture wasn't worth her body What if it was this nigga I let sleep in my crib To have the set of keys but that I wasn't tryin to believe But I could have put it past him or those other bastards It would be assed backwards for me to ask if they did it Cuz whoever did ain't gon admit it The blunted dirty dishes is my only exhibit Wondering if I should give it a rest and through the wind It might surface Cuz tellin Allah, Joe is worthless(uh) chorus(x2): Black Thought Hey sucka nigga, whoever you are(x3) Wherever you are, whoever you are Check it out The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Common f/ Dug Infinite Album: One Day It'll All Make Sense Song: 1, 2 Many Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash One wa-wa One, One Two, One Two One wa-wa One, One Two, One Two One tigga One, One Two, One Two (Dug Infinite) Dug Inf on production, my man Com for the discussion Check it (Common) One day, I was tryin to be myself The same day this thug say, "You gotta come hard" Nigga, times is hard, I'm tryin hard to make it It ain't hard to tell, it's hard for me to fake it Plus, it's hard to be me, it's hard to stop drinkin I guess it's hard for you hard niggaz to start thinkin Pussy MC's stinkin so I can't get hard Some, become MC's cause it's hard to get a job Hard for you to trust people, you don't trust in God Even harder to be the Gods we created to be This Western way of life ain't native to me Put one nigga in your Pulp Fiction that related to me I hate it that we, the only race that call our women hoes Niggaz, be too hard to say "ho" at the shows I rose... like a florist to bring the flavor like a Taurus Might not have the murderous verse, but I stay hard to the chorus Took this girl to work, she say I ain't have a real job Like that dick you had last night, baby, I work real hard Simple motherfuckers tellin me hard is criminal Niggaz you thought was hard, you pourin out your liquor for Years ago, I thought I was hard, in high school fightin Now, I'm the hardest man working in show business Handle your business or shut the fuck up (Dug Infinite)	It's just one two many niggaz got cars and no land (Common)	One two many niggaz with cash and no plan (Dug Infinite)	One two many niggaz that's tryin to MC (Common)	That's one two many niggaz comin up to me (both)		That's one two many niggaz 		Just one two many niggaz (2X) (both)		That's one two many niggaz 		Just one two many niggaz (Chuck D)	"One, two" Forever, I ain't gon' be rappin Shit'll happen to me, I gotta let niggaz know This mark asked me do I know his cousin Jimbo Nigga, I don't even know myself You want me to get you in Jack, I'm trying to get through the do' myself Opportunity knocked, but he ain't call 'fore he came Yeah, I got a name, but only twenty dollars to it Next album you gon' blow, up my ass, you done blew it before Being in my video, what's that gonna do for your life? Get you some pussy? You should be gettin rump off GP Quit that you look like you say I seen you on TV I be readin niggaz but readin be makin me sleepy (Hey!) So strong am I, A Hundred Styles and Runnin Niggaz stuck on one and them-a ran by Claimin they fly but they stand-by I come truer than a dream, and youse a damn lie With that anti-rap, complainin about this and about that Sounding bitch like, that ain't gonna make a nigga get right I'm number one (Dug Infinite)	One two many niggaz tryin to tell me bout they theory (Common)	One two many niggaz that ain't tryin to hear me (Dug Infinite)	One two many niggaz doin shows that don't happen (Common)	One two many niggaz life depend on rappin (both)		That's one two many niggaz 		Just one two many niggaz (2X) (both)		That's one two many niggaz 		Just one two many niggaz (Chuck D)	"One, two" (Dug Infinite)	One two many niggaz can't find they niche (Common)	One two many niggaz wanna be my bitch *echoed* Nigga, one two many niggaz (repeat to fade) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Common f/ Q-Tip Album: One day It'll All Make Sense Song: Stolen Moments Pt. III Q-Tip: Hey , hey, hey, hey, Hey, who dat? Hey, who dat? Hey, who dat? Check it, what Hey sucka nigga, whoever you are(x2) Hey sucka nigga, hey sucka nigga Whoever you are, whoever you are Common: Fuck waitin under my skin, the situation is scrapin Somewhat like the girl X-ratin It's hard to be patient with no VCR or PlayStation Knowing your Rockports, somebody may be lacin Make me wanna leave the city when I can't take a vacation Without somebody breakin in my demonstration For some South side information, I search the Nigga-net It certain things about this I ain't figure yet Dirt, the guy who stayed with me and had a set of keys Because his job had been stopped smokin weed Thursdays is off days, he usually watch his seed For him to have done it, a babysitter and a car he would need The stripper broad, my TV and couch, she couldn't carry it Unless some nigga helped and that's who she'll get buried with She was vegeterian and she wouldn't have cooked chicken I confronted her with it, to her story, she was stickin The plot thickens, as we drove in search of this hype Who I ain't know by name, but I knew by bike Chances of him breakin in, chillin and eatin  Are about as slim as he is Though I knew where he lived In his house with three kids, one I was cool with As we roll, I told the guy, turn on the music Just as I thought I closed in on one suspect The nigga who did it popped the tape in the deck (Excerpt from a movie) Just tell me why. Don't lie to me man, just tell me why It's the money, alright? Just tell me why It's the fuckin money, alright? (fighting) Reynoldo, shoot that piece of shit Q-Tip: Know what I'm sayin. Word up It ain't sweet when you do that shit(x7) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Common f/ Canibus Album: One Day It'll All Make Sense Song: Making a Name For Ourselves Typed by: OHHLA.com Canibus: Yeah, yeah Me and my man Com Sense Rallyin troops like Joseph Stalin Where you at yo? Common: I'm bout to make the name Com Sense a name you fear Y'all niggaz is scared, I'm your worst nightmare squared Canibus: And I'ma make the name Canibus a name you fear Y'all niggaz is scared, I'm your worst nightmare squared Canibus and Common: That's double for niggaz who ain't mathematically aware (Rakim from "My Melody"(To catch another sucka duck MC out there) Common: I can tell by how you write, you the type to run in a fight I hold mics while you hold spite Like a broken hearted bitch  Don't give no fuck who yo team or who you startin with Cameoed or charted with, I house niggaz like apartments with Mic mechanisms, I dissect a rhythm Move crowds with kinetic wisdom It's like a Malcolm X-orcisim, fuck the rhythm, I hit him I want him got not get him, auction his wack ass off, then bid him Canibus: I'm creatin the ultimate verses with perfect lines Puttin together them whether my rhyme one threat at a time So you niggaz need to stop testin me Cuz you know you can't "F" with me Steppin to me with insuperior weaponry Exposin yourself to the verbal radiations Sayin you can defeat me is nothin but speculation Lyrics unravel, faster than bullets travel through barrels Niggaz be diggin my styles like fossils and pterodactyls Who wanna battle? I'm bad to the bone marrow The Earth got one sun but I walk with three shadows With Allah, my supernatural bodyguard Niggaz couldn't touch me if they gave me a massage MCs will compete with lyrics and beats get crushed I'll hit you in your chest so hard, your shoulders will touch What! (scratching) Common, steppin to me is like going to the county being a neutron Common, I ain't scared of no nigga Common: I persue sound fairs, relaxed like Dru Down's hair Other nigga's rhymes are like gang signs, I throw down theirs On knots, I landed, players get played like Hamlet Supposedly nice, taken for granted like life I write twice and drop singles in record pools Niggaz I'm dunkin like when cops mingle Fuck hip hop jingles, rhymin big words and not sayin shit The click that you came in with accent your flavor wit Like moose, I go to the caves and get niggaz off all fours I'm the shit that's uncalled for, the shit that you fall for Far more advanced than a rapper who's career You could only take a glance, couldn't make the transition >From B-boy to C-note stance I stand in a circumference, the humbleness But in the Chi, bumbleless Was thinkin as a weakness were poetrys in motion Like a bitch, I'm the main feature Amongst hard working teachers and corrupt preachers I make my living off of singles like Latifah In between sheets like reefer with blunted senses You couldn't make a statement if you was from a sentence I'm cold with numb intentions (scratching)Fuck with Canibus(x4) Canibus: Yo, the Canibus is an animal with a mechanical mandible Comin to damage you, spittin understandable slang at you I be the all seeing lyrical, hammerhead sharp peripheral With 360 degree visual When the signal was given, MCs get biten with venom >From a poisonous algorithm liable to kill 'em My style will get in 'em, way up in 'em My face don't belong in The Source It belongs on the shroud of turan, for certain I grab mics and murder shit It's wickeder than Satan worshippers going to Catholic church services You heard of this The lyrical verbalist, trash herbalist The wrath of my cold-blooded verses is merciless Rap snap, get your ass cracked like bear traps Contaminate your air sacs like tear gas And I swear black, try to battle me, you won't last I'll turn your ass into the artist formerly known as, you gay ass fag I'll blow you to ashes with tactics Strip you naked, then make you hug a cactus, you bastard So phat to be a rap star, takin pictures at music seminars People know who you are Now I got mad shorties that wanna call me Because they saw me, up in The Source chillin on page 40 Put this in your CD-ROM www dot Canibus dot com You can find me on the internet talkin to chicks That was sweatin me off the Music Makes Me High remix I be talkin mad trash tryin to get 'em to laugh See, if I click and drag long enough, I'll get the ass Bring it bag to the lab on Mount Prospect Ave. Let your chicken suck me off and send her home in a cab You know how we do, liquid aluminum like the T2 Beast from the East part 2, comin to see you Common: It's time I made the name Com Sense a name y'all fear Y'all niggaz is scared, I'm your worst nightmare squared Canibus: Now that I made the name Canibus a name you fear You still scared, I'm your worst nightmare squared Common and Canibus: That's double for niggaz who ain't mathematically aware (To catch another sucka duck MC out there) Common: Since I made the name Com Sense a name y'all fear Y'all niggaz is scared, I'm your worst nightmare squared Canibus: And since I made the name Canibus a name you fear You stay scared, I'm still your worst nightmare squared Common and Canibus: That's double for niggaz who ain't mathematically aware  (To catch another sucka duck MC out there) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Common f/ Chantay Savage Album: One Day It'll All Make Sense Song: Reminding Me (of Sef) Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Common] Yeah, yeah, what, yeah Reminding me of Sef, what? Fat fat thick booty, what? You say jack that big booty, yo He say OOH OH I heard the boy he said OOH OH The party people he said OOH OH Uhh uh uh uhh yo yo yo Check it, check it Driftin on a memory, brought forth from a fifth of Hennesey, as in times of eighty-nine they envision me Warm days and the cold beer chemistry Eventually broken up by responsibilities and such Sometimes this era mentally I reconstruct High school I came out it Cats with clout at graduation got they name shouted Go to Great America, me and my lady rock the same outfit My niggaz be fuckin girls that she hang out with Round then Guy came out with, 'Piece of My Love' Arguin over if he said, "Dumb bitch" Everyday the same old with rainbow, watchin the sun twist Cool as a Mig Dry, that in the trunk shit Afterparties in Wendy's parkin lot, unfamiliar faces got marked a lot Showin off for hoes in bricks and rows had us charged to box That demo sorta stopped once A.C. got popped Chorus: Chantay Savage It's remind-ing... mmm whooahhh yeahhh It's remind-ing... heyyeahhahh, uh-huh [Common] Check it Before these minds got ahold to some drugs and start thinkin they thugs We'd be at the Bismarck, and the Racquetball club Plugged with Gucci promotion so we got in free Against the wall me and my guys formed a colony, Ron'll be beatin Saved my day, dancin on speakers Flames snatched I was born this way 87th Street and Hyde Park was warrin Over gossip, Kenwood bras was pourin Suited in three-quarter Jordans, pro-models and started coach out the back of Beauty Shop Sevalas Buy the dope, put my name in they verse, EPMD I would quote, stolen leathers I'd sell, like a child of broke behind the beat, I took my first shot of Henny It hit me in the chest like when them marks shot Benji Shame on the girl that left her Fendi around crew I'da go through it or, take it, we was bound to Travellin like Vice Lords, down to the taste Not wantin to bring my lady around crew cause they would snake House parties was the lick, behind bars we'd come up at em' I did the Hooper dance with my thumbs up Chorus [Common] There go the break To get the break go, it go OOH OH Yeah, it go OOH OH You heard the people they go oh oh oh-oh oh-oh oh-oh Yo, check it, check it Nowadays niggaz is fake, like that party at McCormick Place I don't draw with em, cause they was born to trace At times I contemplate movin to a warmer place Then the Lake and skyline, give me a warm embrace remindin me of the pointed parties Moe used to mace Six deep in the Hyundai bumpin Twilight Tone tapes Come home late callin broads hang up on they mother If it wasn't nowhere to scrap at then we would fight each other Get a room at the Dunes havin bakeouts We'd eat, at Giadonno's and break out Then everybody thought that they could spend High rollers had the MCM blazer blend Girbauds and Guess jeans we was takin in Cranes and freight trains we was breakin in Tim a be basin Mike down at I.I.T. Rememberin numbers depended on how high I'd be It's a Deja-Brew, when I see bottles of Gill My man Sef passed I feel hollow but still Chorus The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Common f/ Vinia Mojica Album: Like Water For Chocolate Song: Time Travelin' (A Tribute to Fela) Typed by: Nature2QBC@aol.com [Vinia Mojica] *Singing in Spanish* [Common] What what, we do this time Rock rock.... Yes, let this music travel through you Talk about feelings, yeah yo Yo wassup world? Yo what's happening? It's the C-double-O and I'm back again Take this back and then, tell a friend Spaces and places you been, time travelin *echoes* Time travelin *echoes* Yo, I was a piano player in my last lifetime Now I write rhymes, sip white wine and let my light shine Out the dark space, with the world on my mind like Scarface though my sex drive like a car chase More than a uhh, it's the piece of mind I chase Stakes are high, like my uncle is We both got problems, he never confronted his Under the bridge I wrote, some shit to stay afloat And paint a picture, raw like the first coat Send my old man a note to keep his phone on My little cuz'll know cheap tricks are homegrown Travel to a place sweeter than home, listenin to Nina Simone Repeat this psalm, to the sky I'm keepin my palms Facin the east, actions macin the beast Embracin the streets, my god caught a case cuz he beat His lady down, it's two-thou That ain't the way we lay it down Souls get, found and lost at the roads they cross Many paid dues, but few knew the costs I ran through the Moss like Randy Touchindown wit God, close friends, and family Recognize the voice in the wilderness Com Sense, '92 and I'm still in this Time travelin, took my time in hand My rhyme learn and plan Jealousy, money and pride can burn a man Some walk but never learn to stand Still, afraid to expand what they feel I'm dealin wit, wakes, marriages ATM's, Ericsson's Loud niggas that whisper carelessness If we livin in Revelation Why should the people of the sun have to run? Come to Esau in a year, he'll have freedom He ask why I hadn't been to see him Really, I ain't have a good reason He said, "Rah, give back what you receivin" In a race against time, I was caught In the same game as you, but long live the sport It's time travelin It's the C-double-O and I'm back again Take this back and then, tell a friend Spaces and places you been Time travelin *fades out* time travelin.... Time travelin *echoes* Time travelin *echoes* Yeah, yo wassup world, yo what's happening? It's the C-double-O and I'm back again Take this back and then, tell a friend Spaces and places you been Time travelin *echoes* The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Common f/ JayDee Album: Like Water For Chocolate Song: Heat Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Common] Yeah, one two.. Yeah, where my nigga Jay Dee? Where ya at? (Yeah!) (Oooh, you say you got guns, then bring that shit) what? (You say you got ones, then bring that shit  cause you need a lot more ones and guns for this) what? (to get my man see we bout to spit some) HOT SHIT Yeah, one two.. Bout to spit that, HOT SHIT Huh.. whoo! Yeah.. Turn it down nigga, HOT SHIT Yeah.. (oooh) Messenger in the Metropolis; +Apocalypse+ here and +Now+  Niggaz know the ledge, so they don't come near the style I appear in clouds on some heaven to earth shit Fake niggaz drown the deeper the verse gets Deep as a skinny girl's cunt - I surface with the purpose to let y'all niggaz know the demo Voice is a instrument that's monumental You couldn't fuck with the style if you was a nympho Raised in the temple of Chi, taught to look into the eye I identify with dobbs and weaves, and niggaz makin moves that bob and weave, and niggaz with jobs on the side sell weed I feed off the hunger that a bum or abandoned child gets freaky, like Marv Albert, in outfits, by Chaka Givens I lecture how I got God but don't got religion Got a clip for these niggaz on the net, sellin my shit Let's just say you Ramone and I'm Spit In a habitat of Cadillacs and battle raps and people that travel at the speed of need Never agree with the ways of the world Cats say anything - like they say to they girl How you bringin it when you sit indian style? Niggaz know me as Com it's time hear me go wild with HOT SHIT, yeah.. HOT SHIT, yeah, one two.. Came to bring it boy (You say you got guns, then bring that shit  You say you got ones, then bring that shit  cause you need a lot more ones and guns for this) what? (to get my man see we bout to spit some) HOT SHIT What? No doubt.. HOT SHIT! [Common] Old men see visions young men dream dreams I rock the planet - recognize - I'm the C.R.E.A.M. Com Rules Everything and everything is How yo' man pullin yo' weight - he ain't carryin his Scary the biz is like "The Blair Witch Project" Experiment in rooms on some bare bitch project State senators, life twirls, most sell out - like a dread with a white girl You want me to cypher with you and the Gods? I just did a show - I'm pursuin these broads Everyone I ain't tryin to fuck Wanna feel female presence and conversation a touch You'll get split like a date that's dutch scuffed and scraped up Taped up for tryin to say what - ever you was about to say You rap like a nigga that's about to spray Get a mouth shot, for openin your mouth to say feel my heat in the night - it leaves you without the day What I write is a passage for niggaz to travel through Before defeatin me - Joe, you better battle you I tap into my own zone like it's my home phone Turn the cell off and let my dome roam Shame I gotta do white labels to keep my life stable I write fatal bringin niggaz to life A wise man came in the thick of the night He said BRING THAT SHIT when you pick up the mic I said, "What shit?" He said HOT SHIT, hot shit, hot shit (You say you got guns, then bring that shit) uhhh (You say you got ones, then bring that shit  cause you need a lot more ones and guns for this) uhh (me and my man, see we known to spit this) HOT SHIT Hot shit, yeah, yeah, uhh What we spit Jay? (Throw it down nigga) HOT SHIT, uh, yeah, uh, c'mon, yeah (keep it goin) HOT SHIT.. HOT SHIT.. HOT SHIT.. yeah, boy (keep it goin) HOT SHIT.. out HOT.. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Common Album: Like Water For Chocolate Song: Coldblooded Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Common] Cold-blooded, cold-blooded, hard-core Rough and rugged, rugged and raw For you and your-your, for you and your You got the C to the, huh - cold-blooded Ain't it - huh, c'mon - hard-core We take it hiiiiiiiiiiiiigh-er Yo, yo My little daughter, started, nursery school Brother Com, gotta make our move through the stylist(?) and violence with vibrance The sign of times with rhyme shit is timeless The mind is a terrible thing to spill Rap life's like a dream that seems for real A nigga wake up, superstar, with no acres after, travellin the world to see paper's just paper Streets take ya, back and forth like a shaker I'm a slave to the rhythm's breakin off I get the job done - but some days I wanna take off D be like, "We ain't got no time for that!" ?uestlove said, "We ain't got no time for that!" My old bird like, "We ain't got no time for that!" So I rhyme when my back hurts Play the numbers from my grandmother like Kraftwerk I rock the patchwork fast I'm in to win but then begin to sin we're in to win with Hen's and Heineken's Beast for each and greet the meek with speech to seek and peak cause Pete, shit gets deep I fuh-fuh-freak, styles that come out at night, when most cats pull the gun out Go on and on and, to the break of when the sound run out, run out, r-run out C uhh, yeah Cold-blooded (c'mon) cold-blooded, hard-core (hit em with the) Rough and rugged (c'mon) rugged and raw (hey) for you and yours, for you and yours You got the C, uhh - cold-blooded (yeah) cold-blooded (c'mon) hard-core (ain't it funky) Rough and rugged, rugged and raw for you and yours, for you and yours (Yo, yo I-I think I wanna taste these horns I want you to taste these horns, c'mon now) C, the cold-blooded (uh) cold-blooded (yeah) hard-core (ain't it) Rough and rugged (uh) rugged and raw (yeah baby that's what I'm talkin about  c'mon, give em, give us a little more) for you and yours, for you and yours C to the, cold-blooded (na, na-nasty) cold-blooded, hard-core (c'mon) Rough and rugged, rugged and raw (Yo, aight let let me get a little taste of this here) for you and yours, for you and yours.. [Common] The simps, please uhh uhh uhh uhh These studs mention me, uhh uhh uhh uhh As a, intense MC, sent to be the reign on the industry I came With penitentiary talk, Coke and a Hennesey walk My imagery talks, metaphors and similes stalk Time for war, my artillery caulks the hardest nigga I'm killin 'em soft Dealin with golf, gettin blowed on the course I be dissin magazines, but then buy The Source Can't explain why the force, is with me Known to bring a rapper down - like Bobby did Whitney Sophisticated sissies strut like this is Beat Street in backpacks Braggin how they don't eat meat and abstract I backsmack em with they skateboard, flee the crime scene with a rhyme scheme to escape frauds Make broads become queens, run things like a rasta sprinter The way you want the game I rub off like Henner I remain like a tattoo with natural raps Copy like a fax that's y'all actual facts Battle raps is where it began, I'ma end it wherever I land I done thought of, a master plan, it goes C to the, cold-blooded (yeah, c'mon) cold-blooded, (ya know) hard-core (ain't it) Rough and rugged, (c'mon) rugged and raw for you and yours, for you and yours You got the C to the, cold-blooded cold-blooded, hard-core Rough and rugged, rugged and raw for you and yours, for you and yours You got the C to the, cold-blooded (yeah, hey) cold-blooded (na-nasty, yo yo) hard-core Rough and rugged, rugged and raw (ain't it, ain't it) for you and yours, for you and yours You got the C to the, cold-blooded cold-blooded, (c'mon) hard-core Rough and rugged, rugged and raw for you and yours, for you and yours.. [Common ad-libs, then some vocal samples til end] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Common Album: Like Water For Chocolate Song: Dooinit Typed by: scott_rodkey@hotmail.com 	Ah keep on, chcka chcka chcka (Repeat 6x) Mo'fucker move back, I pursue rap at the pace of a New Jack Miscellaneous numbers and shoes stack grooves Rap I deliver for the hungry and underprivileged Something different from these hollow and grunting niggas This is business strictly, step to my business is risky 'Specially when you as bitch as Missy Back to back LP's that sound the same, I surround the game With a four-pounded brainstorm To make niggas dance in the rain, scared to take a chance in the game Used to breakdance, it's a shame What money do to a nigga brain If he lose his soul what did a nigga gain? 	"Doin' it, doin' it, I am doin' it" 		"C O double M O to the N" (cut and scratched 4x) My train of thought is that of a hustler, or a nigga with his shirt off Trying to get his work off to customers I rap with a chip on my shoulder, squeezing Coronas See shirts that say "We gotta get over" That juggy shit is over, the war is on I on;y want to be a soldier, I'm holding on, to a culture Focused like Gordon Parks when it's sorta dark For niggas that's flooded with ice, my thought's the ark Performing warming arts with some shit for the heart Don't fuck with radio, ignoring the charts I could give a FUCK what you made in a year, nigga, you wack A soft nigga on a hard track, in this new rap Generation I "X" cats like a Muslim He fell off cause I pushed him Let his Bently and his weak crew be his cushion I catch him on the streets, in front of the bodyguards and rush him 	"Doin' it, doin' it, I am doin' it" 		"C O double M O to the N" (cut and scratched 4x) You wasn't saying you was a thug before Pac came Ten years ago you had a high top trying to be like Kane Then Snoop released and it became a G thang Claim sets, your city ain't got gangs Niggas hate you, they ain't paying you no attention In a circle of faggots, your name is mentioned With six degrees, I separate MC's, from a business man that's good >From a nigga that was raised or just lived in the hood >From what a nigga says to what's understood Keep my shit tight like them boys in "The Wood" Dick is always hard like the "Boyz in the Hood" Peace to Dug Inf, No I, Sean Lett, the whole Chi At the crib some cats give me the cold eye I'm a bitch slap the next one Let him know the world is my section for taking You got to reduce aggression 	"Doin' it, doin' it, I am doin' it" 		"C O double M O to the N" (cut and scratched 4x) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Common Album: Like Water For Chocolate Song: The Light Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Yeah.. Doo-doo-doo, mmm-mmm-mmm-mmm-mmm.. Doo-doo-d-doo, diggy-doo YO.. I never knew a luh, luh-luh, a love like this Gotta be somethin for me to write this Queen, I ain't seen you in a minute Wrote this letter, and finally decide to send it Signed sealed delivered for us to grow together Love has no limit, let's spend it slow forever I know your heart is weathered by what studs did to you I ain't gon' assault em cause I probably did it too Because of you, feelings I handle with care Some niggaz recognize the light but they can't handle the glare You know I ain't the type to walk around with matchin shirts If relationship is effort I will match your work I wanna be the one to make you happiest, it hurts you the most They say the end is near, it's important that we close.. .. to the most, high Regardless of what happen on him let's rely 	There are times.. when you'll need someone.. 	I will be by your side.. 	There is a light, that shines, 	special for you, and me.. Yo, yo, check it It's important, we communicate and tune the fate of this union, to the right pitch I never call you my bitch or even my boo There's so much in a name and so much more in you Few understand the union of woman and man And sex and a tingle is where they assume that it land But that's fly by night for you and the sky I write For in these cold Chi night's moon, you my light If heaven had a height, you would be that tall Ghetto to coffee shop, through you I see that all Let's stick to understandin and we won't fall For better or worse times, I hope to me you call So I pray everyday more than anything friends will stay as we begin to lay this foundation for a family - love ain't simple Why can't it be anything worth having you work at annually Granted we known each other for some time It don't take a whole day to recognize sunshine 	There are times.. when you'll need someone.. 	I will be by your side, oh darling 	There is a light, that shines, 	special for you, and me.. Yeah.. yo, yo, check it It's kinda fresh you listen to more than hip-hop and I can catch you in the mix from beauty to thrift shop Plus you ship hop when it's time to, thinkin you fresh Suggestin beats I should rhyme to At times when I'm lost I try to find you You know to give me space when it's time to My heart's dictionary defines you, it's love and happiness Truthfully it's hard tryin to practice abstinence The time we committed love it was real good Had to be for me to arrive and it still feel good I know the sex ain't gon' keep you, but as my equal it's how I must treat you As my reflection in light I'ma lead you And whatever's right, I'ma feed you Digga-da, digga-da, digga-da, digga-digga-da-da Yo I tell you the rest when I see you, peace 	There are times.. when you'll need someone.. 	I will be by your side.. 	There is a light, that shines, 	special for you, and me.. 	(I'll) take my chances.. before they pass.. 	.. pass me by, oh darling.. 	You need to look at the other side.. 	You'll agree.. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Common f/ Bilal, Jill Scott Album: Like Water For Chocolate Song: Funky For You Typed by: SOOPAMICHAEL@webtv.net Chorus: Bilal, Jill Scott Alright.....Okay [4X'] Alright......We'll make it funky for you now [Common] I'm a child of the ahh - The 87 ahh From the streets - Get on a beat and go ahh I could break it down like whatever ya ahh On some K-R-S be here forever type unh You-you-you-you know you shouldn't rhyme like unh Let them pussy niggas get in your mind like unh Baby boy you could do it take your time do it.... If you get the chance To be a man in a b-boy stance and advanced from the go I'll trace outer space with a unh The baby-sitter of styles - I've traveled miles with bitches and....I've traveled miles with..... I've traveled miles with bitches and brew the ritual of the real unh Your platinum but real unh's don't feel you You sampled real unh's and then filtered I'm built to last - at last I'm free The Roots and SV be the family tree SV and the Roots be the family tree The Roots and SV and the tree is unh Come on Chorus; As long as it's funky....alright..okay [yeah] As long as it's funky...alright  As long as it's funky...alright...okay As long as it's funky...funky for you now I style for the ohhh - wild for the ohhh Baby girl let's go half on a child for the ohhh Lick shot's pop lock and blaow for the oohh Like Ra-I'll move a crowd for the ohhh You talkin' loud but ain't sayin' ohhh Trickin' paper on a unh... Captain Save-a-ohhh I've never been.. the type of nigga.. to take.. a broad to the courts As a shorty I was always into sports Now I talk to drums and walk in slums and thoughts that's ohhh Instinct to hustle-divided by the struggle Plus a couple of scuffle's and up to high shuffle Even when it sound muffled.. I bust through.. narrow gates.. with king-sized thoughts that's sparrow shaped Before I came up I had to elevate  Let a nigga move where he wanna move up to You don't like how I'm livin... well fuck ohhh I stuck to what I was on... a star is born on a cusp Many angel's fell to the dust  Leavin' me to trust... only a ohhh Leavin' me to trust y'all only a ohhh Leavin' me to trust in a - ahh ohhh ohhh ohhh ohhh Yo Chorus: repeat 4X As long as it's funky [yeah] alright..okay Let your.. imagination.. dance to the.. Dance to the.. dance to the hey Like nobody's watchin in a b-boy stance to the hey I'm funky like Africans in France to the hey Yo hey.. kick in the bass you.. Chasin paper like a bitch in a race  Spit on or death, I still ain't picked up the ace  The hundred.. styles I run with thick in the race So let's ohhh.. yeah unh hunh Chorus The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Common f/ Mos Def Album: Like Water For Chocolate Song: The Questions Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Uhh.. [Common] It's the questions (what..) it's the questions boy It's the questions (What?) it's the questions c'mon The questions (WHAT?) it's the questions boy It's the questions (hah) it's the questions yeah Talkin bout the questions, it's the questions y'all It's the questions (what?) it's the questions, dig it The questions (why?) it's the questions boy It's the questions (huh?) that's what it's all about Yo, yo.. What is an emcee if the wall ain't got no back? (I don't know, yo, he must be kinda wack) What is paper to a nigga if the nigga don't stack? (Yo, why the hell you askin me that?) Why do these girls, look so good in the summer? (I don't know, I'm just sayin this shit) If you got ta-dat-ta-dat-tap for your lady wouldja wanna? (Hmmm.. yeah, right) Cause you answer the phone "peace" do that mean that you not a freak? (Hell no! That's right) Cause you recognize me-e-e-e-e, yo, I got to speak? (Why can't you speak? What you big a star now?) Why you got-ta, act like, nigga, all the time (Even on SUNDAY's you should..) Is a nigga yo' complexion, is it all in your mind? (It's all your mind..) What's it called y'all? It's the questions (WHAT?) it's the questions boy It's the questions (What?) it's the questions, yeah! The questions (uhh) it's the questions y'all It's the questions (WHAT?) it's the questions c'mon The questions, it's the questions boy It's the questions (ahh, uh ahh) it's the questions, yeah The questions (yes) it's the questions boy It's the questions - that's what it's all about Yo, if I'm a intellectual-al, I can't be sexual? (I don't know, you wanna be sexual??) If I want to uhh tah uhh does that mean I lack respect for you? (I don't know you tell me..) Youse a grown man, why fuck that young girl, are you lustin? (I might look twenty but I'm 15 - slow down girl) If you got paper like that, then why you still hustlin? (Why you still hustlin? C'mon!) Now you know yo' stomach too big, to be wearin a shirt like that (Look at your stomach - ewww it's sloppy) So why, you want, to go and do that? [Mos Def] Why ya why ya why ya why ya why ya wanna why ya wanna Why ya wanna go and do that love huh? Yo why your girl gi-giddy when my name come up? {*female giggling*} How come the industry build careers that don't last? (Uh-huh, that's right, ask him) How come niggaz don't know but they front and don't ask? (Mmmmhmmm) Man I don't know, I don't know [Common] It's the questions (WHAT?) it's the questions girl It's the questions (What?) it's the questions c'mon The questions (WHAT?) it's the questions Com It's the questions (hah) it's the questions yeah Yo we talkin bout the questions, it's the questions girl It's the questions (the who, the where, the when, the why) It's the questions, c'mon!! The questions.. the questions y'all (yo we shoutin it out) It's the questions - that's what it's all about [Mos Def] Yo, why they say never say never, when they know that ain't right? (What???) Cause to never say never you done said never twice (They scrubs, that's why - yeah that's twice) Why do I need I.D. to get I.D.? (I don't know, beats me.. beats me) If I had I.D. I wouldn't need I.D. (Hahahahah, that's right - that's true) Why do these fine ghetto women got so much ass? (Why'd you talkin about our ass though? C'mon now) Why did Dr. J shave his beard and mustache? (Like this.. and like this) How you got high expectations but got no patience? (C'mon, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know) How come this joint named "The Questions" is so John Blazin'? (Uh-huh, uh-huh, uh-huh) Man I don't know, I don't know [Common + Mos Def] It's the questions (what..) it's the questions boy It's the questions, it's just my questions black Some questions - it's the questions y'all It's the questions (what?) it's the questions, yo Talkin bout the questions, it's the questions girl It's the questions (what?) it's the questions, c'mon The questions (which?) and we're shoutin it out It's the questions (huh?) that's what it's all about, yo {*continues to fade with ad libs..*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Common Album: Like Water For Chocolate Song: The 6th Sense Typed by: scott_rodkey@hotmail.com 	The revolution will not be televised 	The revolution is here 	Yeah, it's Common Sense, with DJ Premier 	We gonna help y'all see clear 	It's real hip-hop music, from the soul, y'all 	Yeah, check it, yo The perseverence of a rebel I drop heavier levels It's unseen or heard, a king with words Can't knock the hustle, but I've seen street dreams deferred Dark spots in my mind where the scene occured Some say I'm too deep, I'm in too deep to sleep Through me, Muhammed will forever speak Greet brothers with handshakes in ghetto landscapes Where a man is determined by how much a man make Cop Cognacs and spit old raps with young cats with cigarettes in their ear, niggerish they appear Under the Fubu is a guru, that's untapped Want to be in the rap race but ain't ran one lap Ran so far from the streets that you can't come back You tripping with nowhere to unpack, forgot that Chorus: (Scratched by DJ Premier with variations): 	"This is rap for real, something you feel"   		"And you know, yes you know" 	"Rap for the black people" 		"Heeeeyyyy, heeeeeyyyy" In front of two-inch glass and Arabs I order fries Inspiration when I write, I see my daughter's eyes I'm the truth, across the table from corporate lies Immortilized by the realness I bring to it If revolution had a movie I'd be theme music My music, you either fight, fuck, or dream to it My life is one big rhyme, I try to scheme through it Through my shell, never knew what the divine would bring to it I'd be lying if I said I didn't want millions More than money saved, I wanna save children Dealing with alcoholism and afrocentricity A complex man drawn off of simplicity Reality is frisking me This industry will make you lose intensity The Common Sense in me remembers the basement I'm Morpheus in this hip-hop Matrix, exposing fake shit Chorus Somedays I take the L to gel with the real world Got on at 87th, stopped by this little girl She recited raps, I forgot where they was from In 'em, she was saying how she made brothers cum I start thinking, how many souls hip-hop has affected How many dead folks this art resurrected How many nations this culture connected Who am I to judge one's perspective? Though some of that shit y'all pop true it, I ain't relating If I don't like it, I don't like it, that don't mean that I'm hating I just want to innovate and stimulate minds Travel the world and penetrate the times Escape through rhythms in search of peace and wisdom Raps are smoke signals letting the streets know I'm with 'em For now I appreciate this moment in time Ball players and actors be knowing my rhymes, it's like Chorus til fade The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Common f/ Bilal, MC Lyte Album: Like Water For Chocolate Song: A Film Called (Pimp) Typed by: amack@hotmail.com [Common talking] Yea,Yea,Yea You know, they call me a pimp, and you know what that mean I'm a Person that's Making Profit. See I pimp internationally  I'm nationally recognized, locally accepted I pimp with the truth, that's the only method [Common] Seen her on Madison where Vice Lords be Travelin And Chevy windows be rattlin  and badder than any other broads that I've seen in these parts  Her body language spoke like a smart remark, eyebrows arched Thick lips, blond wig, nice tits, ass the size that I dig  Asked her the name, one way to approach her See she had game, she needed me to coach her Expose her to some paper, freedom and culture The way a righteous pimp is supposed to [MC Lyte] As he came closer in his eyes I seen fortune I ain't having it like abortion Walking with this stick holding his tip Looked like a Black Panther that was trying to pimp It was cold as shit, I'm waitin on my ride Act like I didn't see him I tried [Common] Motion denied (pause) I felt the vibe like Roy Ayers She was used to seeing pimps in furs and gators Told her I'm an innovator, a gentlemen of leisure  That's in tuned with nature, hold Common's hand I'm a take you to a pimps promise land Where no man can break ya, break ya, break ya Chorus: Bilal (singing) Pimps, ho's, hustlers, plans, dealers,  customers, and bodies stuck in it, Oh my god Pimps, ho's, hustlers, plans, dealers,  customers, and bodies stuck in it, Oh my god [Common]  {hey girl, come on over here, check it out) Make your next move your best move, choose me [MC Lyte] How I look working for a nigga in a cuffe'  If I was on a track you couldn't produce me With them shits on your wrist looking goofy [Common] (yea ok) I pimp without a pause, for the cause, I'm a rebel You been on the streets I'm trying to take you to another level You used to the same game, cats saying the same thang Nigga you gone ho underground or ho mainstream [MC Lyte] Nigga you must not know of me I'm the mack here Ought to have you ho for me (Common: get real now) Pimp yo punk ass  Have you write me poetry I'm from a land called cash You too slow for me [Common] You know why? I'm thinking bigger than Bagets Birds in slick cars Or have you on the corner trickin in strip bars If you become mine the world would be ours Respect the game, and universal laws [MC Lyte] What, I oughta pimp slap your ass and make you fall against the wall (Common: try it)  Why you in the game if you ain't even trying to ball I know pimpin ain't easy but damn you barely surviving We can't ride together cause you ain't driving  (Common: oh it's like that) Chorus [Common] (this, this, this really how I look at it check it) You and I together is like Ashford and Simpson Picture us elbow to elbow at the hustler's convention [MC Lyte] Think I'm gone risk my ass then give you the cash (Common: yep) That shit is the past  I got my own stable (Common: where at) I oughta pierce your navel and put you on the track Matter of fact I been looking for a ho that's abstract [Common] Girl you getting beside yourself I'm trying to guide you Help you see inside yourself I pimp with vision, I'm a help you see the light Have you covering your body and have you eating right [MC Lyte] (is that right) I'm pimp ho's, pimp pens, (Common: Say what) Pimp rhythms, pimp flows,  Pimp men (Common: and pimp what) Pimp systems Got stores called big pimpin (Common: Where) Down South In Texas I ran the best ho house [Common] (So) I pimp from Brazil to um, Tokyo Have Japanese broads sayin 'choushi wa dou' (MC Lyte: Yea right) Bring'em back to the states to turn dates from Europe Made the dirtiest of hoes seem purer  [MC Lyte] (HA ha ha ha ha ha ha ha) (Common: Why you laughin) I'm laughin cause you funny I'm make bitch niggaz like you have my money I get six hundred off yo' skinny ass weekly You'll get all them righteous hoes in that dashiki [Common] Yo, what ever happened to loyalty  Don't you want to become royalty On the streets selling ass and oils for me But you on this ho-asis and really I can't reach you Fuckyou then I'm about to be a preacher [Common talking and Bilal Singing Background] Well there you have it ya'll  The story of pimps and hoes ya'll know how it goes It's been the oldest profession The whole thing is like a lesson Ain't no second guessin Pimps ya'll, hustlers All that good shit Yea, yea 2000 and forever It'll be here Uh, uh aiight cool The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Common f/ Jay Dee (J Dilla) Album: Like Water For Chocolate Song: Nag Champa (Afrodisiac for the World) Typed by: Nature2QBC@aol.com [Common] Yeah baby boy In the place (for you and yours) to be Da uh da uh, we got the uh ya'll We bout to rock ya'll, we got the uh baby... Yo yo yo check it Excite-ting, enlight-ning, invite-ting I'm writin shit that I feel Raps are Black Steel In the Hour of commotion, the motion of Com Is like that of a ocean, devotion cuz I'm The Earth, Wind, and Fire of hip hop By Rakim and Short I been inspired My shit knocks environ---ments of cats wit seventeen's tint, time is money The mind is funny, how it's spent on gettin it It's sittin wit descendants of Abraham Who say the jam is "Money, Cash, Hoes" I went from bashful to asshole to international Lover-self, word to the mother on my last record cover it's felt Now deal wit it [Chorus: Jay Dee] I wanna get into it Let's do this I wanna see you move it So move it So let's just get into it Let's do this Can you feel the music? The music oh ah, can you feel the music, the music [Common] Yo check it yo In this never-ending battle to please Niggas, magazine writers, MC's Who request hot shit, I freeze And tell em where I was rose, we always said cold Hold your Horses and ya Carriages, this never-went-gold nigga Rocks shows care-less You not gon' respect self, at least respect the heritage Affect the lives, the spread of wealth and the merit is I realize what I portray day to day, I gotta carry this And beats, rhymes and life is where the marriage is Had Dreams of Fuckin R&B broads, it came true Journalist I wreck, shared the same view Picked up a fallen angel on the path that I MC Familiar voice, come to find out the angel was me Some say "You changin, Rashid" Times are, we still close I rhyme far, away away away From what you accustomed to hearin everyday, uh-ah You know the dope-choppin, gun-poppin, homies dyin I'm amongst it, save the war stories for Private Ryan, INI [Common] Yo check it yo Women cry, children laugh, men dance I refuse to lose self and try to win fans over Weight on my shoulder fluctuates like Oprah's My refrigerator poetry's magnetic like ultra You couldn't hang if you was a poster Posin like a bitch for exposure It's rumors of gay MC's, just don't come around me wit it You still rockin hickies, don't let me find out he did it Got My Eyes on the Tiger, Eyes on the Prize Eyes on the thighs of Mary J. Blige, imagin on how good the cat must be Stop eatin meat, lost weight, but I still rap husky My verse depth is that of a baby's first step Or the old lady who died and the nurse wept I flow like cursive writing, invitin you and yours to my openess Shows allow me to cop Range/range like a vocalist But man does not live on bread alone What good is a Range/range when it's time to head home? [Chorus] - 2X [Common] *during chorus on the second time* We be that, we be that Afrodisiac, disiac We be that, we be that Afrodisiac, disiac We be that, we be that Afrodisiac, disiac We be that, we be that Afrodisiac, disiac We be that, we be that Afrodisiac, disiac We be that, we be that Afrodisiac, disiac yeah The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Common f/ Slum Village Album: Like Water for Chocolate Song: Thelonious Typed by: obi1one@hotmail.com Ha, yeah, yeah Uhh, yeah, yeah, play at your own risk Act like you know bitch I'm on some grown shit Ha, yeah, yeah, play at your own risk Act like you know bitch I'm on some grown shit It's the Thelonious, super microphonist You know us, this rap shit we 'bout to own it You know it, these Mini-Me's tryin to clone us I got a bonus for the bitch that run up on us I got a bonus for your bitch that run up on us It's the Thelonious, super microphonist Uhh, no time to sleep cuz if you sleep you don't eat Gotta hold heat, just to make ends meet Niggas livin on the street while other niggas feast Aight wit you it aint aight wit me Right, gotta make money all my life Gotta stay fuckin bitches many types Yeah you know what I'm talkin 'bout Yup, stay turnin these bitches out Dick em down also dick em out Throw somethin down whenever my dick's out They know me so they restructure and reroute They know me from Washington to down south All the way to London to my nigga Common house Right, it's like a game we never play out, out, out, out... Nigga no doubt, nigga get live or get knocked the fuck out Word up, just be about what you about dogg Knowhatimsayin, just play at your own risk Act like you know bitch I'm on some grown shit It's the Thelonious, super microphonist You know us, this rap shit we 'bout to own it You know it, cuz you can feel it in your throat Say it I'm 'bout to let my mind float (Com, say it) Get your third eye poked Fuck game, I assemble dope... Ness, a nigga that's fresh as the 'fess Studied this rap shit, no need to mic test You can feel it in your chest Your B I, feel it in her breasts Plus you, rhyme like a nigga wit his nipples pierced We lick off lyrics in the streets and real niggas hear us Dreamin when I wrote this, box me if I go too wild Still doin this shit like dude in wild style Invitin wack niggas to dinner I "Trick Daddy" emcees and I don't know, "Nann Nigga" Who can take it where I take it You better goin to God like Mase did Leavin crowds complacent I move em above clouds whether on some surf and turf shit Or thug style you can feel it in your body Yeah y'all you can feel it in your body Like if a 12 gauge shottie shell hit your body You don't want no one to find your ass a hobby Carbon copy, niggas tryin to clone us You know us, Thelonious, super microphone You know this, rap shit we 'bout to own it dun, for real Ay, it's like a ritual You been invited let the mortal body stimulate the place With the grace, nevertheless, I stress Let the music put a smile on your face As for the ritual, when it comes to spiritual excellence You know I always leave you with the taste I know you like it hard to the core That's what you ask for, you achin for the best Hurtin like a sore in that ass, like a ritual Conversation with the most high makes me wanna cry I wonder why, you wanna get to paradise But that itty bitty part of you don't wanna die So pay attention to my word, cuz it's the truth Meditation ease the mind, and brings the youth It's like a verse you could never read out of a book Droppin the line in your mind like a fish hook Word is birth, yo I do it till the break of day Pay attention to your art, never go astray Word is bond Yo we do it and we don't quit Sucka nigga you don't want it, it's Thelonious Ownin this rap shit, super microphonist, and we known to spit I spit fire like Esther on Sanford and Son did I'm raw dude, more juice than Sunkiss You want this, so MJ kept sayin the rhyme flawless Shit fly like MJ in his prime, "Off The Wall" wit mines I'm grabbin my balls when I rhyme, nine nines bustin plus Ball all the time, now stay on your mind like great sex You aint on my mind I'm thinkin 'bout paychecks Niggas large like an Adex Avirex jacket Yo the gods they bust like latex sex packets Emcees they don't rhyme and ball, they lyin' to y'all They dyin' to ball, the rhyme we do all the time We do all the fine bitches they fall in lines Me and my mans is somethin like the Source Sports We gettin money a long time and y'all short My niggas bounce and full rise and y'alls fall You funny doo, cuz really you think you can do me When you roll a 500 that's really a 320 Should of let somebody else hook it Numbers look crooked like King Kong shook it I'm from where niggas bang gats when they celebrate That's how they play, don't let it be a holiday Thelonious niggas, if you testin us we get you laid back Show you the definition of a pay back The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Common Album: Like Water For Chocolate Song: Payback Is a Grandmother Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Common] Yo.. I don't know what was on y'all niggaz burbs to go up to the boat - and start robbin old folks Now see you done messed with the wrong old lady You done went wild; yo, check it.. There was a Hardy Boy mystery I tried to solve again Dude that broke in my crib - it wasn't involvin him Four in the mornin, my phone ringin I'm thinkin, "Who da fuck is this," on the other line screamin Told em, "Geek down," but they was breathin hard It was my grandmother tellin me that she had been robbed I told her hold (hold) tight (tight), I'd be right over Freezin but this situation made the night colder Knew this was the night (that what?) that she played poker with some friends in a club at the boat gettin bub' Said she seen these thugs on the boat for a while (uhh) Not gamblin but every now and then they'd smile Then BLAOW! They up mags and told everybody, "Put your shit in the bag" Made people strip naked, quicker than a Luke record (what?) Had the place took in a minute and some seconds Asked her how many of it was em? (How many of it was em?) Said she couldn't remember She was spooked and buzzin, couldn't describe em cause it happened too fast (what?) said they looked like me with they pants hangin off they ass Got her some water - and begin to think How these niggaz take her wig, her bracelet and her mink? Somebody round the crib know the deal (uhh) Whoever did it better have Blue Shield for real cause yo, it's the big payback.. 	{*cuts n scratches*, Com ad-libs} [Common] Later that day I went to the 'shop, to see what was up Them niggaz probably knew somethin plus I needed a cut Walked in they was playin Jigga (jihh-gga..) Discussin how Da Brat titties done got bigger These niggaz next to me, was talkin bout the heist Whoever did it even got Jordan for his ice Said that it was done so precise the cops ain't know nut-nin Had to use all my might not to ask no questions Put down the magazine, went to the pop machine Noticin these cats, had the Bling Bling They wouldn't be talkin if they did it; it could be they team A week ago neither one of these niggaz had a ring This hype came in, sellin CD's; said the BD's was braggin bout robbery they had done By now, I'm thinkin bout my gun if I see gramps bracelet I'ma play racist (and what?) and make niggaz run It's the big payback.. 	{*cuts n scratches*, Com ad-libs} [Common] My imagination roamed as I got in the chair Thinkin - when shit went down, I wish I was there Fuckin with fam' - who you are, I don't care Have your guys pourin liquor witch'ya name in they swear These chicks claim they was there, knew the niggaz who done it Said it was Smoke and them from the Wild 100's Eight million stories got me runnin in place, it's gettin tricky (like who?) like dude, that do drum'n'bass There was a air in the place, that made me suspicious Normally, they'd be talkin like bitches My barber cut me with a quickness (what?) Asked him where he got the new bracelet; he said it was his sister's - I knew then What made it official, he gave me my change The money clip had gramp's initials (c'mon) As I, whooped his ass up, six niggaz masked up Pulled up in a Cadillac truck {*gunfire*} [police scanner] .. three-alarm fire ?? and a possible homicide The building is entitled "The Ultimate Barbershop" There are six unidentified bodies in the building They are all presumed dead I repeat they are all presumed dead However there are no suspects I repeat the subjects are at large we might need some backup.. Inform O'Malley that we need backup, over.. The skit definitely needs more siren added to it plus a new writer for the script, thank you.. Someone get Prince Paul on the phone please.. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Common f/ D'Angelo Album: Like Water for Chocolate Song: Geto Heaven Part Two Typed by: obi1one@hotmail.com God bless... [D'Angelo] hmmmmm..., doo doooo, doo doooo, yeah..., yeah..., oooh Know I love my baby, My baby loves me Layin in some heaven, need a little company Let's go into a heaven, time to get some Geto Heaven Geto... [Verse 1] Searchin for a love, throughout the ghetto Young girls is thick, righteousness is narrow I got my third, I want the sparrow Want my peoples straight and rock sweet apparrel The mother of my child, we not together Baby it's your back, I got forever As the weather, talks to us Him rockin the Holy Spirit walks through us The blunted eyes of the youth search for a guide A thug is a lost man in disguise The rise and fall, of a nation, even when the buildings tumble I still stand tall, I walk through the valley, wit a life preserver Feelin at times, that I might just murder Yo but that aint what I was sent for I want folks to say his life it meant more Than ?any ca, any ba ca? any broad He found Geto Heaven in himself and God [D'Angelo] Geto Heaven... Standin in some Geto Heaven Geto Heaven... Standin in some Geto Heaven Geto... [Verse 2] Love, your happiness don't begin wit a man Strong woman, why should you depend on a man I understand you want a man that's resourceful If he pay your bills, he feel like he bought you Talkin to a friend, about what love is Her man didn't love her, cuz he didn't love his Hugged her from afar, said what I felt You never find a man, till you find yourself Time helps mistakes, you can learn from Cuz one man fucked up men you shouldn't turn from You want a certain type of guy, gotta reach a certain point too At the destination, a king will annoint you Goin through the storm, many bodies stay warm That relationship died, for you to be born, you worth more Than anything you could cop in a store For you to grow he had to go so what you stoppin him for Not even I could ignore bein alone it's hard Find heaven in yourself and God [D'Angelo] I know I love my baby My baby loves me I'm layin in some heaven, need a little company, yeah It's twenty four seven, time to get some Geto Heaven Time to get some Geto Heaven Geto Heaven, Geto Heaven It's time to get some Geto Heaven Time to get some Geto Heaven, ohhhhhh... [Verse 3] This music is so much bigger than me As far as happy, yo it's like a trigger to me Dealin with crab rappers, and groupie broads Record execs, at times it do be hard But to choose words, and be heard across waters Doin something you like to support daughters Keepin your guys who collectin court orders Conveyin messages that the ancestors brought us Thought of things to say to become the end thing for the day Somehow, that didn't seem the way for me to make it Music is a gift that is sacred I hope you didn't use it hopin you could grow to it Whether servin or a surgeon, you gon go through it Can't imagine goin through it, without soul music It's like Donnie Hath' helped me see Lonnie's path On my behalf, let's take whole steps to Imhotep And show depth, as we make people nod Find heaven in this music and God Find heaven in this music and God Find heaven in this music and God [D'Angelo] Geto Heaven Geto Heaven Geto Heaven, yeah, yeah Geto Heaven, my baby Geto Heaven, my baby Geto Heaven, my baby Geto Heaven, my baby Geto Heaven, my baby... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Common f/ Cee-Lo Album: Like Water for Chocolate Song: A Song for Assata Typed by: afra@unforgettable.com (Common) In the Spirit of God. In the Spirit of the Ancestors. In the Spirit of the Black Panthers. In the Spirit of Assata Shakur. We make this movement towards freedom for all those who have been oppressed, and all those in the struggle. Yeah. yo, check it- There were lights and sirens, gunshots firin Cover your eyes as I describe a scene so violent Seemed like a bad dream, she laid in a blood puddle Blood bubbled in her chest, cold air brushed against open flesh No room to rest, pain consumed each breath Shot twice wit her hands up Police questioned but shot before she answered One Panther lost his life, the other ran for his Scandalous the police were as they kicked and beat her Comprehension she was beyond, tryna hold on to life. She thought she'd live with no arm that's what it felt like, got to the hospital, eyes held tight They moved her room to room-she could tell by the light Handcuffed tight to the bed, through her skin it bit Put guns to her head, every word she got hit "Who shot the trooper?" they asked her Put mace in her eyes, threatened to blast her Her mind raced till things got still Opened her eyes, realized she's next to her best friend who got killed She got chills, they told her: that's where she would be next Hurt mixed wit anger-survival was a reflex They lied and denied visits from her lawyer But she was buildin as they tried to destroy her If it wasn't for this german nurse they woulda served her worse I read this sister's story, knew that it deserved a verse I wonder what would happen if that woulda been me? All this shit so we could be free, so dig it, y'all. (Cee-lo vocals) I'm thinkin' of Assata, yes. Listen to my Love, Assata, yes. Your Power and Pride is beautiful. May God bless your Soul. (Common) It seemed like the middle of the night when the law awakened her Walkie-talkies cracklin, I see 'em when they takin her Though she kinda knew, What made the ride peaceful was the trees and the sky was blue Arrived to Middlesex Prison about six inna morning Uneasy as they pushed her to the second floor in a cell, one cot, no window, facing hell. Put in the basement of a prison wit all males And the smell of misery, seatless toilets and centipedes She'd exercise, (paint?,) and begin to read Two years inna hole. Her soul grew weak Away from people so long she forgot how to speak She discovered frredom is a unspoken sound And a wall is a wall and can be broken down Found peace in the Panthers she went on trial with One of the brothers she had a child with The foulness they would feed her, hopin she's lose her seed Held tight, knowing the fight would live through this seed In need of a doctor, from her stomach she's bleed Out of this situation a girl was conceived Separated from her, left to mother the Revolution And lactated to attack hate Cause federal and state was built for a Black fate Her emptiness was filled with beatings and court dates They fabricated cases, hoping one would stick And said she robbed places that didn't exist In the midst of threats on her life and being caged with Aryan whites Through dark halls of hate she carried the light I wonder what would happen if that woulda been me? All of this shit so we could be free. Yeah, I often wonder what would happen if that woulda been me? All of this shit so we could be free, so dig it, people- (Cee-Lo) I'm thinkin' of Assata, yeah. Listen to my Love, Assata, yeah. Your Power and Pride, so Beautiful... May God bless your Soul. Oooh. (Common) Yo From North Carolina her grandmother would bring news that she had had a dream Her dreams always meant what they needed them to mean What made them real was the action in between She dreamt that Assata was free in they old house in Queens The fact that they always came true was the thing Assata had been convicted of a murder she couldna done Medical evidence shown she couldna shot the gun It's time for her to see the sun from the other side Time for her daughter to be by her mother's side Time for this Beautiful Woman to become soft again Time for her to breathe, and not be told how or when She untangled the chains and escaped the pain How she broke out of prison I could never explain And even to this day they try to get to her but she's free with political asylum in Cuba. (Cee-Lo vocals) I'm thinkin' of Assata, yeah. Listen to my Love, Assata, yeah. We're molded from the same mud, Assata. We share the same Blood, Assata, yeah. Your Power and Pride, so Beautiful... May God bless your Soul. Your Power and Pride, so Beautiful... May God bless your Soul. Oooh. (Assata) Freedom! You askin me about freedom. Askin me about freedom? I'll be honest with you. I know a whole more about what freedom isn't than about what it is, cause I've never been free. I can only share my vision with you of the future, about what freedom is. Uhh, the way I see it, freedom is-- is the right to grow, is the right to blossom. Freedom is -is the right to be yourself, to be who you are, to be who you wanna be, to do what you wanna do. (fade out) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Common Album: Like Water For Chocolate Song: Pop's Rap III Typed by: ogomf11@hotmail.com [Pops] Hey, hey old bean And you to baby sweetness Yeah, this is Pops, and I'm back in the studio And I didn't have to break in this time I'm back as a special guest by special request And I want to thank my son for loaning me this microphone once again They may have to wrassle to get it back You know, as a result of my son Common touring the world Pops has acquired a wonderful extended family From around the globe he has returned with positive messages to my earlobes From all my children From Mexico, Brazil, Italy, Japan And of course in the motherland Even in the orient, they know what I meant Nanaan, tanaan, tinaan, hanchinaan So I didn't come in here to give any shouts out I came to give praise and honor and to identify my children Who've been saying and doing the right things You know they sat on those nines of 1999  and kept them from turning upside down And teaching the babies to love, to be able to give love And to enter the new century with their own prophecy The century of amends You see I deal with the premise that all children are ours And that we all travel the same path It's just that we don't get there at the same time (See you next lifetime) See you next lifetime And to my children running around here  talking about how nice is they ice  that they've already paid for twice What karat is they gold that was yours before you were done in the hole Or that crew from 1629, buy some land Think agriculture; beat that neighborhood  which you claim you love so dear Are you mankind or what kind of a man? See, Pops is straight out of the garden from when the world was starting brand new, Hip Hop, Hip Hop, the language of the underground railroad In it's purest form Yeah true hip hop is just like the Underground Railroad If the message is not for you It can sit on your nose and your brain remain froze So when you see me traveling on a spiritual high I'm flying high with Cee-Lo Or maybe watching my long's heart dancing to a De La flow Everybody knows there's no fruit on the tree with The Roots And Black Star said we are what we are The Knowledge Of Self Determination And my little homie KG Up there in Minnesota milking 10000 lakes Keep the heat on em', we got to be kind to the growing mind So if your heart is real You will hear Big Will and Ms. Lauryn Hill If your love is true, you will hear Badu-ism And you can't go right until you go left  and get some ingredients from the music chef Jazzy Jeff Children, I've traveled this globe north to south, east to west And whenever my soul appears lost I turn to the musical stylings of a Tribe Called Quest Okay, we ready to get out of here We ready to take it home now Just so everybody knows When Pops get ready to say something good I mean when it's time for me to lay it on the wood And it ain't no time for no shecky shecky That's when I turn to a Black Girl Named Betty Y'all looking for the only truth and it doesn't even exist I just come to give love and peace and honor to all my children The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Common Album: Electric Circus Song: Soul Power Typed by: mrseptemba@yahoo.com [Intro] Yeah, for the world! Keep going so you can(yo you can rock on) We keep going so you can (yo you can rock on) We keep going so you can (yo you can rock on) We keep going [Verse 1] Nigga breath can tell by how you rap you don't believe Ain't hungry no mo' so off me you feed I hustle at a speed between greed and need On the streets where intuition and weed are breed Shoot the gift and viff, at the myths uplift My rhyme the clip its like the boom bip to tip(q) In gangways where cats that rhyme the same way Spending nites over Egypt to learn a brave day Paint a picture of the ghetto like JJ You the Ray J Of this rap world I travel the globe with a black girl name Becky Grand like Auto Theft 3 Style so developed the law cant arrest me You walk with blood on your shirt Like Jesse Jackson trying to test the reaction of the people See thru trying to out act Don Cheadle I speak to original Hebrew s you know how we do And bleed thru the needle with truth That needs no preview to proof its in the people And how they react still in the business of smacking Rappers is wack you had a dope track I guess opposites attract my mind state is black Black like bernie mack no cowards soul power in the words we rap [Verse 2] Picks with fist, thick grease, dark nipples My guy buy ice I search for the dark crystal Racing for paper these broads is starter pistols I spit thru gang wars and strange doors Out the sky flames pour the beats claims war I see niggaz with flags who they waving them for? I'm the nigga that you put the chain on the door for The nigga that you started changing the laws for Orator of hard-core and more My raps the portal for the blue collar Than made a hit and came up on a few dollars I'd rather listen to silence then you holla Borrowed your persona from the late that made dear mama My realness is my armor that I wear up in this boy For truth your a decoy Common Sense is like the future of the Bee-boy I fall down and get up like Don McClerken Hit puss and listen to it whistle while I'm trerkin Break it down like herb The nympho of info I'm fucking what you heard You ain't ready for war your stuck in the reserves I mastered my high so I'm bucking at the birds I been wanted to fly so now I do it with the words For those in the fast-lane I show you how to merge Get your own you see its like home grown herb black economics The people we serve with Soul Power The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Common Album: Electric Circus Song: Aquarius Typed by: Multipimp212@yahoo.com [Common] Yeah! Yeah! [Common] Nigga deep in the rhythm, experience speak Some keepin' the wisdom, the life hustlers seek I seeking it with em, i'm dope the streets need me to hit em With some of that (revolutionary rap) Revolutionary blunted rap My peoples want hits, I hit it from the back Under the cherry moon, I hold notes and carry tunes My guise pack heat enough to bury June, on my feet Im getting married soon, walking in the clouds like Mary Bethune Fumes of a real nigga seep into your room Or through fifthteens of the your jeep that you boom Son so many cats, they call me high noon Offerings to Osun hoping war is over soon Guard your grill like George Foreman Time to build, as far as building im the doorman, opening doors My blood I expose on the floors, tell them the game aint only the score Hold on to your life as I carry these styles To have you tapping your head like Darius Miles You aint supposed to rhyme, better off with a clothing line In this business of pimps, many hoes get signed Opposed to shine so me holding the blinds Mixing golden seal and wine, holding a nine In the age of aquaruis... (Singing) The water that arrives (ba-ba ba ba) To purify the world (du-ba ba ba) Flying through the night (du ba-ba ba ba) So watch out here he comes ( du-du ba ba ba) Aquarius! (echoes) [Common] Between churches and liquor stores, my mic leaks With raps, all over your head like Tweet Playing with yourself, thinking the game is just wealth Hot for a minute, watch your name just melt Same spot where it's joyous, where the pain is felt As you build and destroy yo remain yourself They say im slept on, now im bucking in dreams And rhyme with the mind of a hustler scheme Or the struggle of feinds, I flow over water thats as troubled as teens For the love of the team, trying to double the dream Be greatful like the chruch psalm my grandmother sings Im rubbing my rings across the domes of clones Punchlines like Roy Jones with poems While you and your dogs foam at the mouth Thinking rap is the only way out The black human genius will never play out I take you way out, where you never been before Been it since birth, sent to replish the Eatrh That truck that you roll is like a miniature hearse I deaded your shit before you finished a verse From niggas to gods from bitches to earths From Nat to Truck Turner that lives in my verse Realness is an act that you cannot rehearse Holla back, but listen first We in the age of aquarius... [Chorus] x2 Aquarius! x2 The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Common f/ Sonny (P.O.D.) Album: The Electric Circus Song: Electric Wire Hustler Flower Typed by: varcityplayer50@hotmail.com [Common] Yo! [Chorus] (x8) Electric! Wire! Hustle! Flower! [Common] Blood and magic dripping from me True thugs and addicts I grip an entry Enter this game with tricks and envy I forget game to remain an emcee Rooms in this mind that's still empty, only fufilled through prophecy You stoppin me, you see I'm tryin to catch this plane You must be slow nigga, catch your brain It's fresh, but it is some stress and pain Got hos?, Ho nigga respect the game I talked to cab drivers about the fast lane And Islam, masters and shakras? and beyond Think about the hustle and somehow I see by But what led it to the concrete, BS be strong You was at your hardest when you didn't even try Live like a bitch, to bitch you gonna die [Chorus] (x4) Electric! Wire! Hustle! Flower! [Common] Mercury and retrograde, I'm trying to get niggas in the ghetto paid While they watch pornos and Escalades, away from floats and the dope in sex parades Somebody screamin in my mind, I'm tryin to find if it's me Or voices on the master, they desgin to be free Same revolt, can't be found on TV, or radio, its livin in me Hey lady, that smoke is bothering me If I put it in your eye, ashes you would cry All this rap talk is blowing my high I just came to chill and build with my guy I try to walk but I stumble off the humble path This story of a pimp stick that became a staff You got it, you gotta know where to aim the Mag Art and oppinions are made to clash [Chorus] (x4) Electric! Wire! Hustle! Flower! [Common] Out of body hard to explain, like the pyramids and gods I remain I know pain, like Kurt Cobain, or ain't I playin hurt the whole game Dig it to the Earth's brain for worst gain Focused like young blood on his first chain I used to write shit to please niggas Now I write shit to freeze niggas Whether iced out, or American Pie sliced out I sit in the room with the lights out Whether diced out, or with their hair spliced out I sit alone in the room with the lights out screamin [Chorus] (x8) Electric! Wire! Hustle! Flower! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Common f/ Dart Chillz, Omar Album: The Electric Circus Song: The Hustle Typed by: mc_certified@hotmail.com * * send corrections to the typist [Common] My eyes watch God from a place Where times is hard, hard times we embrace Everybody want a yard, cuz a yard means space Being broke is odd and leaves an odd taste In the mouth of the metropolitan The hustle is hollarin' Beautiful minds grind, grind for the dollarin' Whether dice scholarin' or white collarin' We all taught hustle to prophet like Solomon The young play corners, Sean Jean modelin' They get it from they momma, black music is fatherin' Blue and whites flash lights like parliment In court non-whites, wishin' they had Cocharan Tell your guy and them, yo the blocks hot again Aunties walking to liquor stores in moccasains My guy got a gig, on the side he barberin' Married a foreign chick so she could get a green card up in the hustle [Common] Just put it in your back and hustle    The paper's stacked so hustle [Omar] Gon'! - Gon' get it and get me that   Gon'! - Gon' get it and get me that [Common] Just move, and shake, and grind and hustle    It's on your mind so hustle [Omar] Gon'! - Gon' get it and get me that   Gon'! - Gon' get it and get me that [Dart Chillz] First to the third, I'm close to the curb Toast to the bird, now I'm posted to serve Heard is a verb when you pour dirt on the floor Bill collecters and the roaches working your nerves It's a ghetto truck for a ghetto boy To get in them ghetto streets and get him a ghetto toys So he can come so just work murder rate is increasin' I don't give a fuck long as my coke is decent And my rims blind the whole damn precinct Everytime you see a head in my lap you know she sinked I know I'm dead in this trap, that's not how we think Fifty shells all around on the ground, can't catch a weak blink Five went through me, two stayed in me to do my duty Only thing that subdued me Two weeks, same corner, new freaks New geese, all white AND 1's new sneaks [DJ Joe Sinista scratches bridge] "Can't knock the hustle!"  "The Hustle!" "I'm in" "Im in" "I'm in too deep" "deep to sleep!" "Can't knock the hustle!" "The hustle!" "Caught up in the hustle!"  "I'm gettin' high" "Can't knock the hustle!"  "The Hustle!" "I'm in" "Im in" "I'm in too deep" "deep to sleep!" "Can't knock the hustle!" "The hustle!" "Gotta hustle up!" "I got to have it, have it...have it" (echos out) [Common] Some rhyme, some throw shows, some sow clothes Some hobo at the junction inbetween cars Some enter in functions inbetween stars Some teach, some preach saying they seen God Some put they money up, against me odds Flippin' real estate yo, stocks and bonds Dreams of rollin El Derado's bumpin' El DeBarge Whatever the dreams, stay on ya deem the world is ours, its the hustle [Chorus] - repeat 2X [DJ Joe Sinista] "Gotta hustle up!" "Stay hustlin'!" "Gotta hustle up!" "Stay hustlin'!" "Gotta hustle up!" "Stay hustlin'!" "Gotta hus-" "hustle up!" "Stay hustlin' hustlin' hustlin'!" (echoes out) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Common f/ Mary J. Blige Album: The Electric Circus Song: Come Close to Me * Typed by: akademik_geniuz@yahoo.com * second single; send corrections to the typist [Intro] [Common:] It's just a fly love song, what [Mary J:] Mmmmm [Common:] It's just a fly love song, what [Verse: Common] Are we living in a dream world? Are your eyes still green girl? I know your sick and tired of arguing But you can't keep it bottled in Jealousy, we got to swallow it Your heart and mind baby follow it Smile, happiness you could model it And when you feel opposite I just want you to know Your whole being is beautiful Im going to do the best I can do Cause i'm the best when i'm with you [Chorus: Mary J. Blige] Come close to me baby Let your love hold you I know this world is crazy What's it without you  [Verse: Common] Put down your bags love I know in the past love Has been sort of hard in you But I see the God in you I just want to nurture it Though this love may hurt a bit We dealing wit this water love You even give my daughter love I want to build a tribe wit you Protect and provide for you Truth is I can't hide from you The pimp in me  May have to die with you [Bridge] I know what you're thinking, you're on my mind You're right, you're right, you're right You promise so fast you just might take flight Hope your not tired, tonight, tonight [Verse: Common] You help me to discovery me I just want you to put trust in me I kind of laugh when you cuss at me The aftermath is you touching me It's destiny to we connected girl You and i we can affect the world I'm tired of the fast lane I want you to have my last name [Bridge] (2x) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Common f/ Laetitia Sadier Album: Electric Circus Song: New Wave Typed by: mejiac19@aol.com Yeah! The war zone. Who you fighting for? [Verse 1: Common] It's funk to rhythm and punk to rock loud like shot that come from a glock Pick up your mind, run from the spot Revolution jumping in the parking lot Shit is so hot that the sun watch Children by the window with the gun cocked they could get robbed and stop the luck (?) Monkeys dance around for MTV spots I lock into a.... rock into a rhythm of street and ancient wisdom Experiment in stereo loud so crank the system For the humble on the path I paint a vision How far will a nigga go just for attention And to be remembered, you forgot the mission Listen! [Chorus: Laetitia Sadier] All traces of life in our gats we carry that's used to dress humanity (Common: it's a New Wave, Come on!) [Sung in French] All traces of life in our gats we carry that's used to dress humanity (Common: it's a New Wave, Dig it!) [Sung in French] This life is precious it's goddamn? marvelous before it ever ends (Common: it's a New Wave, Come on!) This life is precious it's goddamn? marvelous before it ever ends (Common: Come on! Come on!) [Verse 2: Common] I lay terror in this era like Che Guevera for the people to make or wait it's better in a room called real I stay forever Everyday I lose something I gain forever Meditate on how I can change the weather My brainstorm for some it's like (?) umbrella where bullets and lies both spray together My mind scream like Al Green "Let's Stay Together" How could a nigga be so scared of change That's what you hustle for, for the currency exchange Ya'll rich, we could beef curry in the game out your mouth, ain't nobody hurrying my name You seen what happened when the Com go BANG Wouldn't have a shot, even at a gun range Seen hype become fame against the grain become main-stream It all seems mundane in the scope of thangs [Verse 3: Common] From a land of shit talk, boy stars and pitch forks didn't really see white until I went North Getting bent on backyards, wishing in the air for a black god Where people fix cars and clap hard and look to the stars for rap jobs I walk through the black fog with reflectors on my boots smelling war near, I'm connected with the troops that master anger and ain't afraid to shoot through poured liquor fallen angels they salute (Whew! Whew!) Feel the wind blow A new wave- people with their hair trimmed low It's two ways living in this world of techno This age can't really save the ghetto I pause for the rebels who rock heavy metals and tell them that they're pharoh so let go Come on! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Common Album: Electric Circus Song: Star 69 (PS with Love) Typed by: rick2234@aol.com * * send corrections to the typist Let's do it now, it's me and you Close my eyes Erotica, I'm seein' you Listen to me wishin' I could be with you To share my love and ecstasy with you Are you alone? Is your shorty sleep? Hold on. That's okay, ignore the beep For you, my love is immortal deep You are my queen but I can't ignore the freak Let's let our bodies talk and our auras speak Hold on, gotta get the toiletries As our waters reach distances unheard of I'm in the room nestled sweet and I observe love Only for you, I ask God to show me the truth What he showed me was you Wherever I go, my soul leads to you Days gone, nights lonely for you Erotica - Wet dreams are on my mind Erotica - Can I come in your mind? Erotica - Oh yes, our love must shine Erotica - Wish on star 69 Erotica - Wish on star 69 Erotica-ca-ca - Wish on star 69 Erotica-ca-ca Wish on star 69, erotica... So much I wish you were here with me now My bad, I just hit redial I want you to come and never leave now Is your mind and your right hand free now? Our love-reach deep down inside of it As the candle burns where desire's lit Makin' love knows no distance or environment When we (ahh), feel the most high in it I feel you touchin' me and I begin to rise from it Your love is stuck in me Our minds are so alive and thick Picture my hands on your waist As I stare in your face Your mouth half open Your love I can taste Embracin' you Life: I let go Gotta switch phones 'cause this one is ghetto Another level of love we create when we take it to And when it's made, Erotica, it's made for you Erotica - Wet dreams are on my mind Erotica - Can I come in your mind? Erotica - Oh yes, our love must shine Erotica - Wish on star 69 Erotica - Wish on star 69 Erotica-ca-ca - Wish on star 69 Erotica-ca-ca Slave to your loneliness "Slave to your loneliness..." Inside of loneliness "Inside this (alt we bear)" With love of loneliness "With thoughts of loneliness" Enslaved by loneliness I want you to come Inside your mind And find a place Nasty and kind This is where our desires grind And where they peak Is most divine A place and time I hope we reach together You are my queen And freak forever I feel you in-side my stomach My body shakes... Erotica - Wet dreams are on my mind Erotica - Can I come in your mind? Erotica - Oh yes, our love must shine Erotica - Wish on star 69 Erotica - Wish on star 69 Erotica-ca-ca - Wish on star 69 Erotica-ca-ca (*repeats and fades out*) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Common Album: Electric Circus Song: I Got a Right Ta Typed by: rsdnt3000@yahoo.com [Common] Yeah! Hah! Yeah, we got, come on Y'all cats know the abstract nigga with the attitude Pass the booze, and let's build on it I'm rolling in a Cadillac with the grill fronted I ain't even smoke no mo' but I feel blunted Yo I'm tokin on the freedom Stepping to the A.M., cats be tokin in the P.M. Tell the players I'm the G.M. Told my team let me get my plays straight, I'ma feed them They need me like I need them See the streets is bleedin Had to meet with my mind and ? to be defined and Stay on my climb I'm grind - ing, 'til I get blue balls Everyday, same shit new star Don't make me act like where I come from because he grew tall There's a place that to run from it if you neu - tral Hustlers and vogues, customers and smokes I kiss the sky feeling high off the stuff that I wrote [Chorus] (x2) I want to ride in my car, smoke my weed Keep my head high, let the chrome spin I got the right to feel hood I got the right to feel high I got the right to feel hood I got the right to feel high [Common] I'm the only cat in hip hop that can go into a thrift shop Connect, get up to the ghetto and get props If you gonna get that kick-a-box Make sure that ? not If you gonna get that glock don't be scared to big shot Hip Hop is changin, y'all want me to stay the same? Sorta like Barkley on how I see the game I recognize game like a scout Ayo, I'm bound to wreck your lady as I turn your lady out I ain't about that Messing with no other man's women Because of jealousy then a man go under Understand a man and his mental Listening to Joan Mitchell With the fan and the window Can it be so simple then? I rock Rockports, you rock Timberlands I want a Rover, but I'm thinking long range I ain't switch over, I just made my own lane [Common] Like a pimp to a hoe I connect to the track I feel it in my neck and my back A thug came to me, said it changed his life Said the love of his life, he used to bang to the light I'm trying to do better I ain't claiming Mister Right I'm a grown man, I'm too old to fist-fight I stay on point like trick dice Tweeking like the sound man who need to switch mike Sounding bitch like I know the block is hot, but we just can't get ice When our children's children sit nice? I sing the song to make the fiend's strong King Kong ain't got shit on me I train days to rip emcees, I'm peaking But I still gotta get that cheese You on some monkey ball damn chimpanzees Mobbin through the Chi-Town to feel the breeze yo The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Common f/ Cee-Lo Album: Electric Circus Song: Between Me, You & Liberation Typed by: eternalreflection7901@msn.com [First Verse] She rested her head upon my chest Sensed liberation in between breaths Wonder if sex is what she found it in Peace, found it laying down with men Wasn't there to judge her, many ways I loved her It was more than bodies we shared with each other We layed under the cover of friends A place where many lovers began I began, to feel her body shake in my hand Body language, it's so hard trying to understand Usually after sex, it's a good feel Took by silence, emotion stood still I could feel, her tears spill, from her grille Hurt from before that began to build She told me hold me, a story she assembled it Tellin' it, trying not to remember it It was a story of innocence taken Thought she could redeem, through love makin' When she was eight she was raped by her father And tried to escape through multiple sex partners Felt pitiful, she had only learned, To love through the physical, inside it burned My heart turned, I thought of what this man did She forgave him, she grew to understand it Her soul was tired and never really rested Only with men through aggression Said it was a blessing and it happened for a reason By speaking it, she found freedom Between me and you (echo) [Chorus - Cee-Lo] Sometimes I wish a, careless whisper Serenade her, without speaking a word Because of you I'm stronger, I'm afraid no longer I feel so alive in me, you have liberated me [Second Verse] She laid, I watched her breathe Happy to be here, not afraid to leave I couldn't concieve her not being here Death in her face her not having fear Less than a year she was diagnosed with it Memories of that year, so close and vivid Happiness, would only visit, once in a while To watch an adult, becoming a child Somehow, I knew she'd make it The life of one so given early would God take it? Hurt she placed in, hope and prayer Hurt she placed in chemo and lost hair I stare with my eyes closed Wonder when the body leave does the mind go Watchin' Jordan became less important Seeing this disease eat away my aunt's organs According to doctors theres no cure We went through doubt, and cases of insure Wish I knew then how to heal with herbs Knew a part of her I could heal with words But the (?) was (?) What seemed like the end was the beginning for her Like that, she didn't want us to remember her No more medication did she want us to give to her It spread from her liver to her lungs to her last breath Only to be freed through death Between me and you (echo) [Third Verse] He spoke with his eyes, tear-filled A lump in his throat, his fear built My whole life it was in steel This ain't the way that men feel A feeling, he said he wish he could kill A feeling, not even time could heal This is how real life's supposed to be? For it to happen to someone close to me? So far we'd come, for him to tell me As he did, insecurity held me I felt like he failed me To the spirit, yelled help me I'd known him for like what seemed forever About going pro we dreamed together Never knew it would turn out like this For so long he tried to fight this Now there was no way for him to ignore it His parents found out and hated him for it How could I judge him? Had to accept him if I truly loved him No longer he said had he hated himself Through sexuality he liberated himself Between me and you (echo) Liberation... Peace The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Common f/ Jill Scott Album: Electric Circus Song: I Am Music Typed by: clutch05@hotmail.com [Chorus: Jill Scott] Can you speak your words of bedtime I was just saying to myself the other day Most of believing the magician But you're bewitching Because of this I must say I (I) I (oh I) I Appreciate what you give to me Yeah (I) I (oh I) I Appreciate what you give to me [Verse 1: Common] People say I got soul look at all the records I hold The lives I've affected, connect and control With me in your basement, your mama got blown I provide the vibe to keep the strippers on poles Through me the black experience is glorious told From a school that's old bold, so I rock gold And platinum, so cats I hold notes and cash for them On streets I rap for them, in ghettos I blast for them Mash with them, at the party and all Peep the universal language that's embodying all Put the Billie Holiday, Bob Marley in y'all Y'all feel most high when I be in y'all System, with the rhythm I up jump the boogie Shame I rely on record labels to push me Since the bush, I been y'all way to escape Through eight-tracks wax CDs and tapes I am music [Verse 2] You can feel me all over alive, I help culture survive, I opened the eyes of many Styles y'all wrote in the skies, with your lows and highs, open your mind to hear me In the streets I beat cops and obsolete On every station it's hot you can't stop my heat I taught J and Dre how to rock the beat On what's going on today yo, I gots to speak I take the stand, yo you could feel me bam Whether in Larry Graham or Steely Dan Live I be killing it man For how long I survived yo I'm realer than man Got a soft side but I'm still a man For me women cry and children dance, I'm trying to eat I could'a got a mil and ran But like Sly for the fam still I stand I am music [Verse 3] I been here since the beginning Beginning of time yo beginning of time Deep in the mind of the ancient ones Everybody love me like they do the sun I shine at times yo at times I'm dark You can't categorize me, my mind's a art Inside my heart, it ain't about climbing charts I'm the one you roll with when your ride is smart The change that came, the change that comes I change with chords and I kick it with drums Get blow with horns and did it on the one Riffed for guitars, for the Lord I sung Spun around the world at parties and weddings Wherever I go I create the setting You know me from lessons or your pops collections Whether whole or half stepping I'm a blessing Yo I am music [Chorus 2X] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Common Album: Electric Circus Song: Heaven Somewhere Typed by: ML4Tisme@gmail.com * * send corrections to the typist [Common] Phone rang Screen said caller ID blocked But for some reason I decide to answer it On the other and was a french accent He told me we needed to rap quick Cause he had did some bad shit And will be gone for years Was spending this last two days with his momma and his kid Whenn he spoke I want tryna hear Cause I knew he was a real good person And this didn't seem like he was in the spirit He couldn't belive as mutch as I couldn't What he had done He said now it's time for him to turn himself in For no longer could he run from life, from God I started thinking: Why is doing right so hard ? I thought back to him when we was in London Descusting the new testament And how Allah is related to it And how we can make the best of it My voice became desperate So I asked him why you gotta go ? He said: "You know, turn to Matthew 24" He said: "Noone knows the hour, nor do they know the day But the kingdom is near Don't let anything lead you astray Cause long as God is with me Everything will be OK" So right about then we decided to pray [Bridge] *singing* [Pops] Heaven, heaven is beeing Pops Heaven is spending a day with the grand children Listening to their voices and laugh to them play And then at the end of the day we hug, we kiss, and slowly they walk away And then suddenly they turn and rush back to me and hug me arround the knees Yeah...thats heaven to me The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Common Album: Be Song: Be Typed by: pops@projecthiphop.org I want to be as free as the spirits of those who left I'm talking Malcom, Coltrane, my man Yusef Through death through conception New breath and resurrection For moms, new steps in her direction In the right way Told inside is where the fight lay And everything a nigga do may not be what he might say Chicago nights stay, stay on the mind But I write many lives and lay on these lines Wave the signs of the times Many say the grind's on the mind Shorties blunted-eyed and everyone wanna rhyme Bush pushing lies, killers immortalized We got arms but won't reach for the skies Waiting for the Lord to rise I look into my daughter's eyes And realize that I'ma learn through her The Messiah, might even return through her If I'ma do it, I gotta change the world through her Furs and a Benz, gramps wantin 'em Demons and old friends, pops they hauntin' him The chosen one from the land of the frozen sun When drunk nights get remembered more than sober ones Walk like warriors, we were never told to run Explored the world to return to where my soul begun Never looking back or too far in front of me The present is a gift and I just wanna BE The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Common f/ Kanye West, The Last Poets Album: Be Song: The Corner Typed by: petercockroach@yahoo.com [Verse 1: Common] Memories on corners with the fours & the moors (pronounced foes and moes) Walk to the store for the rose talking straightforward to Got uncles that smoke it some put blow up they nose To cope with they lows the wind is cold & it blows In they socks & they souls holding they rolls Corners leave souls opened & closed hoping for more With nowhere to go rolling in droves They shoot the wrong way cause they ain't knowing they goal The streets ain't safe cause they ain't knowing he code By the fours I was told either focus or fold Got cousins with flows hope they open some doors So we can cop clothes & roll in a Rolls Now I roll in a "Olds" with windows that don't roll Down the roads where cars get broke in & stole These are the stories told by Stony & Cottage Grove The world is cold the block is hot as a stove On the corners [Hook: Kanye West] I wish I could give ya this feeling I wish I could give ya this feeling On the corners, robbing, killing, dying Just to make a living (huh) [Spoken: The Last Poets] We underrated, we educated The corner was our time when times stood still And gators and snakes gangs and yellow and pink And colored blue profiles glorifying that [Verse 2: Common] Streetlights & deepnights cats trying to eat right Riding no seat bikes with work to feed hypes So they can keep sweet Nikes they head & they feet right Desires of streetlife cars & weed types It's hard to breath nights days are thief like The beast roam the streets the police is Greeklike Game at it's peak we speak & believe hype Bang in the streets hats cocked left or deep right Its steep life coming up where sheeplike Rappers & hoopers we strive to be like G's with 3 stripes seeds that need light Cheese & weaves tight needs & thieves strike The corner where struggle & greed fight We write songs about wrong cause it's hard to see right Look to the sky hoping it will bleed light Reality's and I heard that she bites The corner [Hook] [Spoken: The Last Poets] The corner was our magic, our music, our politics Fires raised as tribal dancers and war cries that broke out on different corners Power to the people, black power, black is beautiful [Verse 3: Common] Black church services, murderers, Arabs serving burger its Cats with gold permanents move they bags as herbalist The dirt isn't just fertile its people working & earning this The curb-getters go where the cash flow & the current is It's so hot that burn to live the furnace is Where the money move & the determined live We talk play lotto & buy german beers It's so black packed with action that's affirmative The corners [Hook] [Spoken: The Last Poets] The corner was our Rock of Gibraltar, our Stonehenge Our Taj Mahal, our monument, Our testimonial to freedom, to peace and to love Down on the corner... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Common f/ Kanye West, John Mayer Album: Be Song: Go! Typed by: apnoynamedroy@yahoo.com (Go) go, go, go, go, go and on the count of three (Go) go, go, go, go, go and on the count of three (Go) go, go, go, go, go, go Uh, on the count of three everybody run back to your fantasy, now (Go) go, go, go, go, go and on the count of three (Go) go, go, go, go, go and on the count of three (Go) go, go, go, go, go, go And on the count of three everybody run back to your fantasy, now (Common) (Go) She was a bad (uh), the type at the club niggaz would grab her (Go) Fantasized when I had her, in the bathroom sweatin' with her ass up (Go) The body of a dancer, we had chemistry cuz she was a Cancer Thought forever it would last for, but forever move faster, so I had to (Go) Still I gotta pause when I think about her in dem draws (Go) And a ooh baby she liked it raw and like rain when she came it poured (Go) And like a car that I can't afford I would want it then want some more The positions our frames explored let me know she was secure, back for more I wanna (Go) go, go, go, go, go and on the count of three (Go) go, go, go, go, go and on the count of three (Go) go, go, go, go, go, go Uh, on the count of three everybody run back to your fantasy, now (Go) go, go, go, go, go and on the count of three (Go) go, go, go, go, go and on the count of three (Go) go, go, go, go, go, go And on the count of three everybody run back to your fantasy, now (Common) (Go) Freaky like the daughter of a pastor, said I was bait for her to master (Go) Little red corvette now she was faster, wet dreams Le'maire cream the bathroom (Go) We made love and then laughter, and anyway I wanted I could have her Said there were some girls that did attract her, a new chapter she was after so I said let's (Go) To a place that you wanna be, uh get what you want from her and me uh (Go) Free love I wanna see uh, hot sex in the third degree uh (Go) You gettin' served while servin' me uh, dirty words encourage me to Rock steady and sturdily on, you turnin' me no turnin' back the further we (Go) go, go, go, go, go and on the count of three (Go) go, go, go, go, go and on the count of three (Go) go, go, go, go, go, go Uh, on the count of three everybody run back to your fantasy, now (Go) go, go, go, go, go and on the count of three (Go) go, go, go, go, go and on the count of three (Go) go, go, go, go, go, go And on the count of three everybody run back to your fantasy, now The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Common f/ Bilal, John Legend Album: Be Song: Faithful Typed by: jamaro05@yahoo.com (sample) Faithful to the end (Common) We got to be (sample) Faithful to the end (Common) I want to be (sample) Faithful to the end (Common) Yes, its for the people, God moves, yeah [Verse 1] I was rollin' around, in my mind it occurred What if God was a her? Would I treat her the same? Would I still be runnin' game on her? In what type of ways would I want her? Would I want her for her mind or her heavenly body? Couldn't be out gettin' bogus with someone so godly If I was wit' her would I still be wantin' my ex? The lies, the greed, the weed, the sex Wouldn't be ashamed to give her part of my check Wearin' her cross, I mean the heart on my neck Her I would reflect on the streets of the Chi' Ride wit' her, 'cause I know for me she'd die Through good and bad call on her like I'm chirpin' her Couldn't be jealous 'cause other brothers worship her Walk this earth for her, glory, I'm grateful To be in her presence I try to stay faithful (sample) Faithful to the end (sample) Faithful to the end (sample) Faithful to the end (sample) I'd like to be her very best friend [Verse 2] He worked with her, she was his lady's best friend Even if they don't try some ladies test men And this was a test that was bigger than him Some believe its the nature that is given to men He had a good gig, a wife, a kid, a decent home One reason or another couldn't find peace at home She asked, "Why do men always have to stray?" He said, "I'm bad, not as bad as Eric Benet" "I used to take 'em out to eat but they wasn't really eatin' Mighta got a little head but I wasn't really cheatin'" It's hard when your lady don't believe what you say And what you did in the past you gotta live with today She asked if they could spend the night together He thought, and said, "I'm tryin' to get my life together" Went home to his lady, these were his confessions "Baby you a blessin' and my best friend" (Bilal with his voice overlapping) Faithful to the end (Bilal) Faithful to the end (John Legend singing) (John Legend & Bilal) I'm gonna be, I'm gonna be, I'm gonna be so faithful (John Legend & Bilal) I'm gonna be, I'm gonna be so faithful (Repeat 3x) (Bilal) So (Bilal) So (Bilal) So (John Legend) So (John Legend) So (John Legend) So (John Legend & Bilal) So faithful (Bilal) So (Bilal) So (Bilal) So (John Legend) So (John Legend) So (John Legend & Bilal) That's what I'm gonna do (John Legend) Faithful to the end (John Legend) That's what I'm gonna do (John Legend) Faithful to the end (John Legend) That's what I'm gonna do (John Legend) Faithful to the end (John Legend) Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Common Album: Be Song: Testify Typed by: sergez6@hotmail.com [Common] She walk into the court her knees buckle Saying for a man to survive he needn't hustle Seen and been through struggle her whole life Made a transition from being his ho to his wife Stifling, the night upend the ATF bust in Her daddy was a hustla so she love them Looked at the jury how can they judge him, she screamed [sample] Before you lock my love away, before you lock my love away Before you lock my love away, before you lock my love away Please let me testify [Common] Fear in her chest her face in tears, had her mans back he was facing years In her name though the place was his They trying to take everything except the kids But years she been through stumbling fights While he trying to hustle that white Up all night wondering if hes alive Seeing him tried she bubbled inside and screamed [sample] Before you lock my love away, before you lock my love away Before you lock my love away, before you lock my love away Please let me testify [Common] The judge called for order the court reporter makin her words shorter His lawyer sat next to him, she could see how the trial was affecting him It hurt for her eyes to connect with him, using her lies for protecting him They arrested him for murder, and gun possession As they read back her confession she screamed [sample] Before you lock my love away, before you lock my love away Before you lock my love away, before you lock my love away Please let me testify [Common] The court awaited as the foreman got the verdict from the bailiff Emotional outbursts tears and smeared makeup He stated, he was guilty on all charges She's shaking like she took it the hardest A spin artist, she brought her face up laughing That's when the prosecutor realized what happened All that speaking her mind testifying and crying When this bitch did the crime- the queenpin... [sample] Before you lock my love away, before you lock my love away Before you lock my love away, before you lock my love away Please let me testify You accuse me of a, you accuse me of a, you accuse Please let me testify, please let me testify You accuse me of a, you accuse me of a, you accuse Please let me testify, please let me testify The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Common Album: Be Song: Love is... Typed by: jamaro05@yahoo.com Yeah, yeah How beautiful love can be On the streets love is hard to see It's a place I got to be Loving you is loving me How beautiful love can be On the streets love is hard to see Gotta reach that frequency Loving you is loving me [Verse 1] Yeah, you know what love is Even found it on the ground where the thugs live My man had to dig deep to find his Couldn't sleep 'cause on the real he had five kids Live nig's, real niggaz express and taste it At crap games, black dames and big faces Cases in court, fam' showin' love and support You and your baby's mom thought that love was a sport As men we were taught to hold it in That's why we don't know how 'til we're older men If love is a place I'ma go again At least now, now I know to go within At time it can take ya for a spin Heartbreak hotel then you're home again I've seen love make a nigga soul pretend Like a story that he don't want to end Yo [Verse 2] It's all love where we come from In the hood love we was told to run from That same hood where the guns sung We holla love, hopin' it would come one Crack got so many lives undone From lack of love many hide some run I knew this girl with a son who dreamt of actin' in plays Demonstration with her man had her trapped in a maze Tryin' to find herself again, much of that she'd have gave Love can free us, to it some of us react as a slave Funny, we love 'em more when they're relaxed in a grave Wonder if a thug is raw, is he actin' afraid? Everybody loves sun, why do I attract shade? Heard of the love of money, but compassion it pays Talk about it with my youth so she'd understand What it is to be loved by a man Uh [Verse 3] Some say that I'm a dreamer 'cause I talk about it often Seen the hardest nigga soften wit' his homie in a coffin We walk and stand in, fall in it With the right companion we all in it Mary sang a song about it, having broad limits In the game of life, it's the scrimage Reminiscing on letters I wrote in my small days A letter to the people, love always Yeah The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Common f/ Kanye West Album: Be Song: Chi-City Typed by: jamaro05@yahoo.com [Chorus: repeat 4x] And ya say Chi-City (Kanye West) We don't stop, naw, we don't quit [Verse 1] I rap with the passion of Christ, nigga cross me Took it out of space and niggaz thought they lost me I'm back like a chiroprac' with b-boy survival rap It ain't ninety-fo' yo we can't go back The game need a makeover My man retired, I'ma takeover Tell these halftime niggaz break's over I'm raw, hustlas get your baking soda Too many rape the culture Leave rappers with careers and they faith over It's a war goin' on, you can't fake bein' a soldier In the basement, listening to tapes of Ultra- Magnetic, to the fact the messiah is black I'll turn the TV down, we can take it higher than that I wonder if these whack niggaz realize they whack And they the reason that my people say they tired of rap Inspired by black Muslims and Christians Pushin' cutlasses, dope, and other traditions In the conditions of the city, the city The city, the city, the city, the city Come on [Chorus] (4x) [Verse 2] A black figure...in the middle of chaos and gunfire So many raps about rims, surprised niggaz ain't become tires On the street you turn cold and then go screech I tell 'em "fuck 'em" like I do to police The beast is runnin' rampant I'm in between sheets tryin' to have sex that's tantric For the ghetto, tryin' to make a get-up stand-up anthem You spit hot garbage son of Sanford What you rappin' for to get fame or get rich? I slap a nigga like you, and tell him "Rick James bitch!" With your Hollywood stories, on porches We polly hood stories about who became rich And whatever light they hit, we wanna hit the same switch You didn't know where to aim it, you still remain bitch I'm forever puttin' words together Some'll sever mothers from daughters and fathers from sons The name Com' has never been involved wit' run Unless its DMC, or runnin' these broads to bein' free I'm harder than the times, you hardly scary Hopin' God's inside you, God is Halle Barry They ask me where hip-hop is goin', it's Chicagoan Poetry's in motion like a picture now showin' It's the city, the city y'all, the city Uh, the city y'all, come on [Chorus] (7x) [while Kanye West sings] And ya say Chi-City (scratched together) Common Sense, from the city of wind The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Common f/ Kanye West Album: Be Song: The Food * Typed by: akademik_geniuz_@hotmail.com * Live version from the Dave Chappelle Show [Dave Chappelle] Tonight's musical guest Two of Chicago's Finest emcees! Give it up for Common and Kanye West! "It's Common Sense!" [Intro - Common] Yeah! "Common Sense!" - {*scratched*} It's Common Sense! With Kanye West! On the Dave Chappelle Show! Everybody gotta eat right? It's the food baby! [Chorus - Kanye West] I walked in the crib, got two kids And my baby mama late (uh oh! uh oh! uh oh!) So I had to did, what I had to did Cause I had to get (duh-ough! duh-ough! duh-ough!) I'm up all night, getting my money right Until the blue and white (po po! po po! po po!) Now the money coming slow, but a least a - know Slow motion better than (no-oh! no-oh! no-oh!) [Verse - Common] You love to hear the story, again and again About these young brothers, from the City of Wind Like juice and gin, in the city we blend Amongst the hustle, titties and skin, fifties and rims Y'all know the Sprewells and trucks that's detailed Heartless females that wanna ride in em Felt the southside venom in raw hides and denim Pimp minds collide wit em, a system that tries victims We living in, my man in the fast lane pivoting On the block white is selling like Eminem On the block it "Jump Off" like Kim and them On the block it's hot, you can feel it, in your skin and then Shorties get the game but no instructions to assembling Eyes bright, it seems like the fight is dimming them Call my man cuzo, like I'm kin to him He trying to stay straight, the streets is bending him [Verse - Common] It's all good in the hood, like raps and gems Throwbacks and Timbs, blacks and rims Whether on ball courts, attires of all sorts We never fall short, wit us it's Our Force like And 1's Some waves, some air guns, the days of the fair one is over for Cats is colder than four below, wit self I go toe to toe Wondering if it's for the art or for the doe Though I know to grow a - gotta learn to let go Though I know the doe I got to bring back to the ghetto Arrows on Terot cards pointing to the grind Po' livin in more prisons, pointing to my mind, shine the light up Clench my fists tight, holding the right up Freedom fight in dark gear for the years to get brighter Situations, and jobs get tighter My man trying to get his weight and height up, c'mon! [Bridge - Kanye West] I - I know I could make it right If I could just swallow my pride But I can't run away or put my - away You can't front on me I - no I can't let it ride No no not tonight See I can't run away or put my - away You can't front on me [*applause*] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Common Album: Be Song: Real People Typed by: apnoynamedroy@yahoo.com [Intro] Yeah, yeah, you know how me and 'Ye do [Verse 1] Real People walk in the streets, the streets is talkin' Often it's beef this city never does People walk and talk in they sleep Cold sweats and wet dreams On how to get green our faith is all in a jeep Black souls raw and they deep Hypes tryna talk with no teeth Shorties sayin' ball or retreat A lesson we all speak at one point or another Whatchu expect from one who smoke a joint with his mother Anointed hustlers in a fatherless region Through the pain wish they know that God was just teachin' We want decent homes So dreams we say out loud like speakerphones just to keep em on It's like a colored song that keep keepin' on I guess knowin' I'm weak is when I'm really bein' strong Somehow through the dust I could see the dawn Like the Bishop Magic Juan, that's why I write freedom songs For the real people [Verse 2] I wonder is the spirits of Bob Marley and Haile Selassie Watch me as the cops be tryna and pop and lock me They cocky, plus they mentality is Nazi The way they treat blacks I wanna snap like paparazzi We're the children of a better God searchin' for better jobs We could cop ghetto cars tryin' not to catch a charge They say the dope game is sour Now they doin' homework that's when they follow you for hours Come to your crib and devour all that you work for Must be more than paper these niggaz hurt for Through the purple haze I circle days I rhyme that work for pays Tryna reverse the slave's mind and insert the brave mentality Heard that it's drama at home Can a dude break free and still get honored at home I was told by a chief it's the games nature When you're glowin' some will love and some will hate ya It's real people [Verse 3] Black men walking wit white girls on they arms I be mad at em as if I know they moms Told to go beyond the surface, a person's a person When we lessen our women our condition seems to worsen The weary cursin' the sky Talkin' to themselves givin' the version of why help and hurt in they eye I live across from it, some of it I do be in I be showin' niggaz lives Like UPN It's real people Yeah. For you and yours Good music Forever Yeah Rock on We keep on Uh.. Yeah Yeah, yeah The real... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Common f/ John Legend, Kanye West Album: Be Song: They Say Typed by: c.battery@gmail.com [Chorus: John Legend] They say "What's happenin'?" We say the facts and if, they lie... We comin' back for them They might say... but they don't know! (They say, They say...) They don't knowwwww [Verse 1: Common] They say a nigga lost his mind But in the scheme of things I never lost a rhyme The thin line between love and hatred I'm the black pill in the Matrix, the saturated life They say life is what you make it So I wait quick on a spaceship so I can take it As high as the stakes get when paper get low I be tellin Derick, "Tell Kara get us a show" Little Com, I make righteous bitches get low The richest man aint necessarily the nigga wit dough They say "You ripped" "Wow..." Yea, that's what they say My niggaz couldn't tell it was me, like Jamie in Ray Paintin a day, wit focused crime, broads, and good wine They say "Dope is sour so it's homework and hood crimes" I stood mine, for forever and a day so goodbye They never could say - tell 'em, J [Verse 2: Kanye West] Ahh... The sweet taste of victory Go head and breath it in like antihistamine I know they sayin "Damn, Yay snapped wit this beat!" Fuck you expect? I've got a history Groupie love now, gotta be them wheels! Haters back down, gotta be that steel! I know they cant wait till ya outta ya deal! Look how they did D'Angelo ask em how do it feel! My best friends worry bout me Cause they know when you famous/fame-ass And you had made cash the media aims at us and you be up so high if you ever fall off, it feel like a plane crash But God don't ever give me nothin I cant handle So please don't ever give me records I cant sample So I could vacate where it aint no channels but it's quite ok for a gangsta to wear sandals They say because of the fame and stardom I'm somewhere in between the church and insane asylum I guess it's messin with my health then And this verse so crazy when I finish I'm just gon check myself in - again (Chorus) Kanye West: "Uh!" [hey!] [Verse 3: Common] They say "Dude think he righteous" I write just to free minds, from Stoney to Rikers Amongst the lifeless, in a world crazy as Mike is On my paper, whether its weed or Isis They say "life is a game," so I play hard Writin for my life cause I'm scared of a day job They say "Sef kept the hood together" I tell the young, "We can't play the hood forever" Play my cards right, they say I went to left They showed me strange love, like I was Mr. F Played chess in this game of, pawns and knights Now I claim "King" like Don, or Frank White They say my life is comparable to Christ's The way I sacrificed, and resurrected, twice They say "The crochet pants and the sweater was wack" Seen "The Corner", now they say "That nigga's back," uh... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Common f/ 'POPS' Album: Be Song: It's Your World (Part 1 & 2) Typed by: Vmkhikian@hotmail.com [Verse 1] Night Blows, Stoves don't work, Hoes at work A warrior, so I wear 'em on my shirt Wish I was free as Che was,I spend a day buzzed Trippin on heights, wishin for nights in different flavors The age of Kane and Big Daddy,shown by the caddies Uncles named Larry, that never really grabbed me My mother gave birth but she really never had me Left to the hood to play daddy Raised by niggaz named Butch through the bay bay With waists so they weigh they status on the streets License plates that say they, motto This is Chicago in the hay day Similiar to Good Times, I guess that I was Jay Jay A skinny nigga, young girls with penny figures So many niggaz, stacked upon each other It's the black upon each other that we love so much Wonder how many of us, these drugs gonna touch Used to gangbang, ain't really thug that much Rather have some thick broads then the dutch to clutch Went to school in Baton Rouge for a couple of years My college career got downed with a couple of beers Came back home, now I gotta pay back loans Same nigga, same block, same shit they own Only thing different, quicker, they click that chrome In my defense, yo I had to hit that zone Man to man, I'm good workin with my hands My generation never understood workin for the man And, of bein broke I ain't a fan Now I stand in the same spot, as my old man My life I planned not to be on this corner I still wanna see California But this is my world [Chorus Repeated Overlapping] "It's your world" [Common] Yeah [Verse 2] Life and death law around us Four pounds and pounds a verb from out of towners It's hard to stay grounded We stay high, thats why old folks down us Lost, nobody found us, the force that sorrounds us Ain't with us, they get us on the ground and hit us We paint pictures of the chains under their names and scriptures Removed from earth, only to return through birth Knew this girl sellin her body, wish she knew what it was worth. Between God and trash, lookin in every car that pass With a walk that suggests head, to milk niggaz she was breastfed She know dairy so she say cheese to get bread In the area where it's more weaves and less dreads Kinda scary, amongst theives and base-heads Said it was her toes, but I could tell her soul hurt She was colder (?), growin up she got to know hurt very well in a world where self hate is overt Her stepfather thought he was Ike, so her mother he striked she got to like like minded niggaz, who liked crimes and figures Doin white lines and liquor, see hard times had kicked her In the ass, it used to be thicker Life is fast, some choose to be quicker I remember in high school she had a passion to sing Now she see herself in a casket in dreams These are the children of crack and rap, blacks done lack Self-esteem, yo we forgot the dream On our jeffersons y'all but we forgot the theme In the Chi, we even rootin for a garbage team This queen never seen herself on this Corner She still wanna see California But this is her world [Chorus repeated several times] [Kids stating their dreams] ['POPS'] Be, be here, be there, be that, be this Be greatful for life, be greatful to life Be gleeful everyday, for bein the best swimmer among 500,000 Be-nign, be you, be mom's mean pie, be little black sambo With bad hair Be aware of Willie Lynch's, Be, be boundless energy Be a four star ghetto general, be no one except I Be a strong academic student, be an A student in sociology Be food for thought to the growin mind, be the author of your own horoscope Be invited, be long-living, be forgiving, be not forgetful Be a proud run, only to return to fight another day Be peaceful if possible, but justice in ways (?) Be high when you low, be on time but knowin to go Be cautious of the road to college, takin a detour through vietnam or the middle east Be absent of wars at any past or present fought amongst themselves Be visual of foreclosure over your shoulder while beggin A nation built on free labor for reperation, Be a cartopogropher Be a map maker, be able to find afro-american man search thoroughly it may be close to black man Be ammended 5/5ths, be ammended 5/5ths human Be the owner of more land than is set aside for wild life Be cupid, to world government Be found among the truth, lost tribe Be at full strength when walking through the valley Be not foolish as tender 18 of the mountain tops Be a brilliant soul, sparklin in the galaxy while walkin on earth Be loved by God as much as God loved Ghandi and Martin Luther King Be that last one of 144,000, be the resident of that twelfth house Be... eternal! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Common f/ Kanye West Album: Finding Forever Song: Start the Show Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com [Chorus: Kanye West] Now let's start the show show Step out of the cold cold We come from the 'Go, 'Go To the top of the globe globe The pimps and the hoes hoes The Folks and the Stones Stones Whoever you ride fo', we back for some mo' Get back to the show show, you know [Common] Uhh, uhh Ladies and gentlemen the C-O-double-M-O-N Synonym for fresh, truth is the emb-lem Hardcore since I was next door to Clem and them Cold as the winter when fake niggaz was shiverin Shakin in they Timberlands, you was played as Bennigans Hot for a minute, now you just a "remember him" I been a +Master+ since P was No Limit-in Stick a sayin, no gimmick and no mimickin Q infinitin down old blocks are bendin in Yellin +Fuck Tha Police+ like Ren and them Pelican brief these niggaz on who I be Before the paper and the fame niggaz knew Rashid Noble like Dru Ali - many have come but few have been chose to be a true MC You sing along wit it, inside you knowin it's wack Young who? I don't need a openin act {*echoes*} [Common] Let, let, le-le-le-le-le-let's go It's a festival in hip-hop; we do it non-stop Pop your bottles, Chicago niggaz do it in staccato Choppin notes for my homies, fuck a motto And Farragamo shoes givin dudes the model Think fast, drive slow, survival is the throttle Your live show is hollow, shoulda kept it local Rappin over vocals, soundin soft as JoJo With twelve monkeys on stage it's hard to see who's a gorilla You was better as a drug dealer Feel the passion of this B-boy ration-al Half of it is what you say, and half is style Guess it's time for you to stop cashin now It's over folks, tell your guys to put the glasses down Masters now, verses touch the youth like a Catholic priest Performances keep me stackin the sheets {*echoes*} "And you say Chi-City, let's go Chicago!" {*applause*} "Yo, y'all can make more noise than that!" "Get live y'all, get live y'all, ah-get live y'all Ah-get live y'all, ay y'all can get louder than that Louder, LOUDER!" The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Common f/ Dwele Album: Finding Forever Song: The People Typed by: big_babyface06@yahoo.com * * first single; send corrections to the typist Louder, louder, louder, louder, louder, louder louder, louder, Yeah (Repeat) Yeah, it's for the People [Verse 1] This is street ra-dio, for unsung heroes Ridin in they regal, tryin to stay legal My daughter found Nemo, I found the new primo Yeah you know how we do, we do it for the people And the struggles of the brothas and the folks With lovers under dope, experiment to discover hopes Scuffle for notes, the rougher I wrote, times were harder Went from rocky starter to a voice of a martyr Why white folks focus on dogs and yoga While people on the low end tryin to ball and get over Lyrics are like liquor for the fallen soldiers From the bounce to the ounce, its all our culture Everyday we hustlin, tryna get them custom rims Law we ain't trustin them, thick broads we lust in them Sick and tired of bunchin it, I look on the bus at them When I see them struggling, I think how I'm touchin them The People The day, has come Now we, are one Just take, your time And then, you'll find [Verse 2] This is street ra-dio, for unsung heroes Ridin in they regal, tryin to stay legal My daughter found Nemo, I found the new primo Yeah you know how we do, we do it for the people The people said that I was sharp on TV At the Grammy's, though they tried to India.Arie me Got back stage, and I bumped into Stevie He said no matter what, the people gone see me Can't leave rap alone the streets need me Hunger in they eyes, is what seems to feed me Inside peace mixed with beast seem to breed me Nobody believe, until I believe me Now I'm on the rise doin business with my guys Visions realize, music affected lives A gift from the skies, to be recognize I'm keeping my eyes on the people, that's the prize [Verse 3] This is street ra-dio, for unsung heroes Ridin in they regal, tryin to stay legal My daughter found Nemo, I found the new primo Yeah you know how we do, we do it for the people From Englewood to a single hood in Botswana I see the I in We my nigga, yours is my drama Standin in front of the judge with no honor Barack stick, knight the people like Obama The karma of the streets is needs and takes Sometimes we find peace in beats and breaks Put the bang in the back so the seats can shake Rebel Cadillac music for the people sake The People The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Common f/ Lily Allen Album: Finding Forever Song: Drivin' Me Wild Typed by: cidninja@gmail.com [Chorus: Lily Allen] It's this thing now, that's drivin' me wild I gotta see what's up before it gets me down It's this thing now, that's drivin' me wild I gotta see what's up before it gets me down It's this thing now, that's drivin' me wild I gotta see what's up before it gets me down Love is not a mystery, it's everything [Common] She was the type to watch Oprah and the Today Show Be on the treadmill, uh, like "Okay, go" Had a body, A body that you can't pay fo' That mean she had some Ds on her but they wasn't fake though Had a drive for a drive for Rodeo She spent pesos on those Lebeaus Spin class at the gym, strip tease on a pole She was so obsessed with her body and clothes To every party she goes, tryin hard to be chose They say it's hard for a pimp but extra hard for these (hoes) Readin Us and People Mag, tryna get the scoop Chasin a actor for a Bentley Coupe She been through the ball player from the Clippers, then came the pumps All thinkin she number one where she was just a jumpoff Doin all she can for a man and a baby Drivin herself crazy like the astronaut lady [Common] He had paper since we was in we was in high school Pop was a doc, mom taught at my school Lock with the rocks, in his ears he kept jewels One of the Diddy types, da D-D-Dame Dash dudes Pushed a Maserati Sport, readin the Robb Report Wanted to be Mike but he was never live at sports Since golf is in he was on the drivin course To live the rap life is what he was strivin for Spendin cash at the bar to get credit Drinkin Chaundon just because Big said it They say Ye is but dude was big headed Rocked the fur in the summer so somebody'd pet it He had a fetish for shoes that's athletic Pathetic on his MySpace page half nekkid It's a shame what they do for fame and to be respected Joe, you coulda got it if you never woulda stressed it [Common] They was one of them couples, people said they were the it Unbreakable, like Bobby and Whit Or Ryan and Reese, or Kimora and Russ Relationships can be dead but look live to us I guess we all been through it where we try too much Losin yourself and you're lyin and stuff Wishin for the diamond cuffs, in search of a ring Where love is not a mystery it's everything [Outro: Lily Allen] Gets me down Gets me down  Gets me down Gets me down Gets me down Gets me Love is not a mystery, it's everything The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Common Album: Finding Forever Song: I Want You Typed by: johnnyblaze_2k@hotmail.com Once the love was strong Now it's long, long gone Cause the pain, pain now as a storm I would make, growing old Cause I want you, cause I want you I want you, I want you I've been thinking bout, I've been thinking bout I've been thinking bout you lately Thoughts take me to when we were close Addicted to your love, feel I need another dose I know it's a feeling that should be long gone Things seem to come up when I hear our song Golden brown girl, it seemed so long Since I heard your voice, where did the king go wrong? Emotions that, that they linger on I guess cause I never knew a love so strong So many hot girls I need your warm The taste of your mouth girl I need your warm Good food and love I need your warm This here was made before we were born A dreamer so I'm a keep dreaming on It's kind of like 'The Breakup' with Jen and Vince Vaughn Once the love was strong Now it's long, long gone Cause the pain, pain now as a storm I would make, growing old Cause I want you, cause I want you I want you, I want you Cause I want you, cause I want you I want you, I want you They say you don't know, know, know what you got Till what u got is gone Yeah I write such and such, yo a lot but the feelings not as strong We were like 2 birds that were able to fly I try to pick the right words to say to the sky Some days I would try but wasn't able to cry I never been good at saying goodbye I take a deep breath when the times is hard When I reminisce over you, my God I spent many years trying to be the heartthrob I guess it's only right that I got my heart robbed The scent of a room that reminds me of you A hint of perfume it reminds me of you Take a look at the moon it reminds me of you Hope the stars and the gods align me and you We do what we do and we do what we live I love this way cause I got it as a kid With so much to give from it, I never hid The love that I wrote on the mirror it got smeared My friends say it was a change for the better But I say, girl you changed my forever Relationships they can be as strange as the weather Rain or sun we can sing this together Cause I want you, cause I want you I want you, I want you Cause I want you, cause I want you I want you, I want you The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Common f/ Kanye West Album: Finding Forever Song: Southside Typed by: johnnyblaze_2k@hotmail.com La, la, la, la, la  and e'rybody say La, la, la, la, la  I know you, I know you... I know you're thinking, thinking that it must be Armor All flow cause it never get rusty I aint gotta say it, man dawg trust me Bust somebody head, G.L.C. where was we? Still rock the prada 'fore that, rock the Starter Niggas out in Georgetown, and Magic way harder Thinking back to the projects, and they way they tore 'em all up Like when I do a project, and come back and tear the mall up We coming from the.. South (side), South (side) South (side), South (side) South (side), South (side) South (side), Side of the Chi The broads, the cars, the half moon, the stars I'm like Jeff Fort the way I get behind bars Burn cd's with no regard for the stars Come to the grip with conflict, diamonds and they ours Back in '94 they call me Chi-town's Nas Now them niggas know I'm one of Chi-town's gods We even yo, youre still talking no cobs A conscious nigga with Mac like Steven Jobs Your fly is open, McFly The crowd is open I think I know why I'm back from the future seen it with my own eyes And yep, I'm still the future of the Chi Back in college I had to get my back up off the futon I knew that I couldn't cop a coup with no coupons Look at that neutron on his green like two dimes  People asking him, Do you have any grey poupon? You in the building but the buildings falling You wouldn't be ballin if your name is Spaulding My mind get flooded I think about New Orleans Back in school, ya'll niggas you should call in August Summer sun it goes down but I'm still revolving Southside 'bout to walk it out, I still get crawling If rap was Harlem, I be James Baldwin With money in the bank like G. Rap, we're calling With niggas masked up like Phantom of the Opera Dreaming of the day they push a phantom to the operas Can't wait till they say, Yeah, he ran up at the Oscars. Poppa, I heard his life is like a movie Like when Em' played him and Mekhi played a rasta Mexican gonna love it like it was for La Raza But this is for the mobsters, Holla We some true chi-town legends, accept no imposters Uh, the un-American idol, tower like the Eiffel Lean wit it, rock wit it, back like the disciples Know when to use a bible, and when to use a rifle You rap like you should be on the back of a motorcycle Caught a case of robbery, and 'Beat It' like Michael Your career is a typo, mine was written like a haiku I write to 'Do the Right Thing' like Spike do Do crime fixed is crucial and trauma is psycho La, la, la, la, la, la, la-la La, la, la, la, la, la La, la, la, la, la, la, la La, la, la, la, la, la, la We're coming from the...Hey! *scratches*.. spice it up (la, la , la..) Ya might have to spice it up Spice it up, spice it up,  Take your life and... Yo, we're coming from the...Hey! We're coming from the...Hey! ...and this concludes our Chicago show Please stay tuned The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Common f/ Kanye West Album: Finding Forever Song: The Game Typed by: johnnyblaze_2k@hotmail.com [Chorus - Samples] "It's only right that I address this..." "Gotta be in it to win it..." "I never come lame type killin in the game..." "Now... get busy..." "It's only right that I address this..." "Gotta be in it to win it...." "I never come lame type killin in the game..." "Hot music..." [Verse One] Raised by game where niggas ain't phased by fame Come to the crib, get banged, they take your chain. Stay in your lane, Brokeback ain't the way of the game My brainstorm is like I stay in the rain My favorite was Kane, now I'm dope with weight in the game You was hot but can't stay in the flame Ghetto pain and windows crack, the fist is like a symbol for black Can tell the real by how the real interact In the middle of whack my soul sticks to a track Kickback records get kicked to the back I want big cribs and my man Ronnie to get his Child in a good school and know what her gift is It's global warming, the world is shifting Watching Sweet Sixteen, Bitchin-ass rich kids You don't know it like you gotta go the distance Whether yoga or doja, we all get lifted in the Game [Verse Two] I never kissed the ass of the masses, I'm the black molasses Thick and I lasted past these rat bastards They try to box me in like Cassius Clay Hey I'm like Muhammad when he fasted Opposing the fascist, make cuts and got gashes Scratches over third eyelashes Punchlines are like jab hits to rappers Whose careers now ashes it's too many slashes In his name, came in the game these gun-clappers From weak lines to clothing lines to an actress I seen em dashing smash hits I yell run nigga run while I cook up classics The weak hearted, become Babylon puppets Making it hard for real hustlas Touch the sky now and then, with a lady friend Give thanks to the most that's how the day begins in the game. [Verse Three] I just wanna be like Akeelah, an achiever from the streets of the Chi where some get high for leisure Selling weed out of cleaners From rocks to barber shops and beemers Chicks with blond weaves and strong legs like Serena The demeanor of the Ghetto, to never stay settled Aldermen and corrupt men play Pharaoh GOOD bring business to the hood like heralds Find your own, walking by themself in the street The young die of cancer, I stop eating meat Greet the gods on 87th street like peace Even though it's war to G, got em facing the east The game ain't tasting as sweet Cats flow is still, and they complacent with beats My radio station is deep, so eff em Progression, counting paper and blessings in the game The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Common f/ Bilal Album: Finding Forever Song: U, Black Maybe Typed by: richiwats@hotmail.com [Hook] Can't come around They gon' wanna bring you down No one knows just what's inside Doing dope and doing time Why they messing with your mind Black maybe... [Common] I heard a white man's yes Is a black maybe I was delivered in this world As a crack baby Hard for me to pay attention And I act crazy Gotta get over from the tip I watch the fat lady sing a song On how we guerillas in warfare And I'm the kingest kong They say we dreamin wrong Them same strips that them older cats lingered on Now the walgreens is gone Hope is killed fiends are born We leanin on a wall that ain't that ain't stable Its hard to turn on the hood that made you To leave We afraid to the same streets that raised you Can aid you. What other black births came suit the rage up in harlem and the southside Brothers is starving with there mouth wide open Floating across state got the workout plans so they can move weight The fate of the black man, woman, and child maybe [Hook] - 2X [Common] He had game since he used to hoop at chattum Neither the ghetto nor defenders could trap him The stones had his back and they'd pat him He was living a life they couldn't fathom Colleges getting at him with all type of scholarships Even if he went they knew he'd leave college quick For the pros the one from the hood that was chose The black rose that grew in the jungle But humble stud still had rumble in his blood Women all around giving him trouble love You know the love when you up they down Cause you wrap a ball they round Your win is their crown Dudes in the circle he known for years Shared beers and cheers but chose different careers when paper and fame came they ain't know how to react Them same studs shot him in the back Now that's black...maybe [Hook] - 2X [Common - talking] When we talk about black maybe We talk about situations Of people of color and because you are that color You endure obstacles and opposition And not all the time from...from other nationalities Sometimes it come from your own kind Or maybe even your own mind You get judged..you get laughed at..you get looked at wrong You get sighted for not being strong The struggle of just being you The struggle of just being us..black maybe black maybe... [Hook] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Common f/ D'Angelo Album: Finding Forever Song: So Far to Go Typed by: dcs10251980@yahoo.com  [Intro - D'Angelo] Ohhh, ohhhh... I wanna get closerrrrrr to you, baby... Ohhhh, ohhhh, ohhhh... Ohhhh, ohhhh, ohhhh... [Chorus - D'Angelo] You have come so far You've got so far to go (Yeah) Say it again! You have come so far You've got so far to go (Yeah) OHHHHHHHHHHH! [Verse 1 - Common] Ugh, ugh! Sweetheart, you know that you most Important, at least on the West Coast (Huh!) I'm just trippin', it's somethin' about your throat You think different and understand how I float Got cribs on both Coasts But, I'm a Chicago-getter You +Get Down+, but you ain't a +Golddigger+ You got the soul with the figure to match Your girlfriend said, "Yo, that dude is a catch!" Creative with the gifts, plus he hit it from the back! (Ugh!) And places we ain't supposed to We make the music - baby, you on the vocals International lover, I never stay local Go to places that you never been Beautiful outside, even better when it's in You have arrived, girl - you can come again! C'mon! [Chorus - D'Angelo] You have come so far You've got so far to go Say it again! You have come so far You've got so far to go OHHHHHHHHHHH! [Verse 2 - Common] You sexy, I know brothers try to spit to you But, I'm the only one that can get to you Lifting you, my drive is shifting you I opened you free, it's like a gift to you I truly am thickly and thankful And as long I'm in your town, I'mma stay +Faithful+ (Heh!) You know I can't escape you No matter how far, you're still my star You was there when the marks tried to steal my car Snappin' with me, that's just how real you are Sophisticated woman, you understand a man You don't call all the time just to see where I am Put a "G" in your hand, make sure you're livin' alright Makin' love is me and I'mma give it all night Turn over in the morning, make it warmer and better Long as we can be, we can come together C'mon! [Chorus - D'Angelo] You have come so far You've got so far to go I don't believe you heard me, baby! You have come so far You've got so far to go [Bridge - D'Angelo] Go on, go on then! Go on - go on, girl! Go on, go on - go on, baby! Go on, baby! Go on, girl! Ahhhhhhhhhh! [Chorus - D'Angelo] You have come so far You've got so far to go You know what I mean, baby! You have come so far You've got so far to go You have come so far You've got so far to go You have come so far You've got so far to go The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Common Album: Finding Forever Song: Break My Heart Typed by: richiewats@hotmail.com Oo..we you break my heart but I'll be there beside you (she said "don't break my heart") Oo..we you break my heart but I'll be there beside you (she said "don't break my heart") Oo..we you break my heart but I'll be there beside you With lots of love to give you (love to give..you, you) love to give you love to give [Verse One] It was a dream day Met her on spring break look like the type that be like "no habla engle" she said you look like you rap where's your bling'e and yours clothes is tight but you dont seem gay I said naw thats dude from NSYNC'e She wasnt married kept her ring on her pinky She said "you know I dont be datin' rappers" I said I got my SAG card, baby I'm an actor Oo..we you break my heart but I'll be there beside you (she said "don't break my heart") Oo..we you break my heart but I'll be there beside you (she said "don't break my heart") Oo..we you break my heart but I'll be there beside you With lots of love to give you (give, give it, uh) (love to give..you, you) (give, give it, yeah) love to give you (give, give it, uh) love to give (give, give it, yeah) [Verse 2] Seen her again at All Star weekend she didnt have tickets and she ain't into hoopers she was there to kick it with her roommate who was a video vixen spend so much on outfits she's about to get evicted said "I'm married to this rap shit looking for a mistress" you can be by my side like flavor and deelicious long as you ain't scared of the kitchen and the dishes she said "you one of them fishes, I know your mind switches", and. Oo..we you break my heart but I'll be there beside you (she said "don't break my heart") Oo..we you break my heart but I'll be there beside you (she said "don't break my heart") Oo..we you break my heart but I'll be there beside you With lots of love to give you (give, give it, uh) (love to give..you, you) (give, give it, yeah) love to give you (give, give it, uh) love to give (give, give it, yeah) [Verse 3] Time revolve we fell in love as crazy as Nas and them broads were textin cuz I stop calling them I met the parents watch the game with her father and questions of marriage and I start dodging them what happen to me happens to lots of men get deep in love and then your needing some oxygen as far as wives I was thinking like Solomon she said "there you go, breakin my heart again!" Oo..we you break my heart but I'll be there beside you (she said "don't break my heart") Oo..we you break my heart but I'll be there beside you (she said "don't break my heart") Oo..we you break my heart but I'll be there beside you With lots of love to give you (give, give it, uh) (love to give..you, you) (give, give it, yeah) love to give you (give, give it, uh) love to give (give, give it, yeah) [interlude] Oo..we you break my heart but I'll be there beside you (she said "don't break my heart") Oo..we you break my heart but I'll be there beside you (she said "don't break my heart") Oo..we you break my heart but I'll be there beside you With lots of love to give you (give, give it, uh) (love to give..you, you) (give, give it, yeah) love to give you (give, give it, uh) love to give (give, give it, yeah) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Common Album: Finding Forever Song: Misunderstood Typed by: junooni_@hotmail.com Baby, you understand me now If sometimes you see that I'm mad No one can always be an angel When everything goes wrong you see some bad Well I'm just a soul whose intentions are good Oh Lord, please don't let me be misunderstood [Common] Yeah, uh (Misunderstood) We do this, for the people that walk that path Tryna get to their dream, yeah, uh (oh) He stood on the corner with the rest of them Though he knew that this corner wasn't the best of him Hard streets and a life that crested him Dirt police domestic beefs that's festerin He knew the President wadn't addressin him Though dead presidents was undressin him Two kids from hot sex no protection and People don't see how AIDS is affectin 'em It get hard to get the get the God question in Can't find a job so you robbin and hustlin He killed marks and sold dope for cousin 'em Can't believe they would be the ones bucking him He on the ground he could feel God touching him He heard the sound of his moms sayin trust in him At heaven's gate, saying please Lord let me in Or send me back to tell my people to be better men Misunderstood 'Cause we are - Misunderstood Misunderstood, Don't let me be misunderstood I'm just human, oh [Common] Uh, yeah She dancin she dance she dance for them Her body move but her mind was manic'n Thinkin I don't know where they hands have been Relationships with men have been so damagin She thought back to when she was at Howard and Dreams of doing scenes with Terrence Howard and Broadway plays and dancin with Alv and them The ones that make it always ain't the talented Some dreams get lost never to be found again At first strippin seemed so empowerin Most every girl wanna do it now and then But bein meat every day is devourin Cats puttin paper where she put powder and Life would break her, now she powderin She was high when she fell down and then Crowd surrounding and, heart was poundin and She fell into a deep sleep the siren sounded and Seen bright lights in the midst of clouds and then Talked to God, feeling like his child again Said Lord let me live so I can make you proud again The life we lead, will always lead us And we pray that he, will never leave us It's the price we pay, I guess that's the reason Why my grandma sang, we all need Jesus [2x] Misunderstood, don't let me be, misunderstood Misunderstood, don't let me be, misunderstood I'm just human The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Common Album: Finding Forever Song: Forever Begins Typed by: richiewats@hotmail.com [Common] Victory won in a world of Henessey and guns too young for the marches but I remember these drums to start reality wars and battles we fought for ours caught in ghetto tragedy I talk to my aunt named Mattie Lee and recognize the importance of family hand me the joint good music and room to breathe those that doubt Com' will soon believe can't judge the weave my lady had one I'm more like a fool for soul and passion the price of gas rises street life is pumpin' fast lives is I'm watch crash and realize that we all survivors no religion or race whatever describe us My guys do dirt do dirt but never really talk about it Forever begins just because I thought about it [Chorus: repeat 4X] Living Once Again We Living Then you go [Common] Ashes and snowfalls I wonder when the roll call for heaven gon' come forever gon come It's a cold world and I can never go numb look fear in the eyes say I never gon run sooner or later I know the cheddar gon' come for now I write the world letters to better the young On tree by jury together we hung Now we let our chains hang and gang bang to maintain ghanastan goin' through the same thing It trickles down at each other we aim pain I shoot for stars, peace and exclusive cars Through the while I learned to earn hard Watch gangstas turn God in the mist of war no matter how much I elevate, I kiss the floor It was in the ?? when she said Dilla was gone That's when I knew we'd live forever through song [Chorus] - 2X [Common's Father] Origin Is forever well, well well here we are back in the studio again look at that hey I don' need no cue cards they got the engineers holdin up the cue cards What that say Oh they say, just talk, don't sing son, i bet you feel like you and I've been here forever 30 years old red eyes beholding red eyes I see my world's tears Yeah, origin is forever every peak will have 2 valleys hopeful eyes in the comfort of true protection and admiration of the chime that's forever forever is to strive a place of endearment forever is what I leave my I-self contribution Damn, what I'm gon' leave? Ok... I leave my one and only grain of spiritual sand to universal scales of humanity, all humanity forever is finding a solution to a solution tsunamis, hurricanes, following the trails of the African slave ships war, war, and more war Floods, Columbine, Global Warming, Earthquakes Another somebody done me wrong, son Virginia Tech, there's not a hole but to Heck we're still, did you place your one grain of spiritual sand forever? confusion need a solution Blend and stir, stir and blend the part of humanity; sift the ingredients of acknowledgment, apology, amendment, atonement we gonna work with the four A's here forever part Common good is forever... God's memory is forever... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Common f/ Pharrell Album: Universal Mind Control Song: Universal Mind Control (UMC) Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Pharrell] Aiyyo, all they wanna do is dance That's all they wanna do [Common] Uh, uh Get-get-get it Get-get it (what?) Get-get it (what?) This, is, that automatic I stay fresh like I'm wrapped in plastic P goes spastic, C galactic Southside boy, we Cadillac it Charismatic, Asiatic I hustle for mathematics Cameras, action, changed the status Actor tappin yo' favorite actress Gucci, rockin, coochies, poppin Movie, watchin, booties, droppin Body, movin, showin, provin Stylin, and bein fly (c'mon) I touch the masses like a Catholic Expensive rap shit, my future's backlit Interact with the cat who macks and stacks My vernac' attracts y'all react; so let's go uhh [Chorus: Pharrell] This is that new shit, keep 'em standing in line That universal, mind control now move yo' behind Uh, you know you like it; it's calling yo' name Nigga, this is that new shit, and it don't feel the same It's got that dang da-da-dang d-dang-a-dang dang Dang diggy dang d-dang-a-dang dang Bop diggy bop, d-dang d-dang diggy diggy Bop diggy bop, d-dang d-dang dang [Common] Some pop, some lock, some move robotic Like cash money I stay in pocket U.M.C. r-r-r-rock, don't stop it Chicks exotic, mix Hypnotic Superhero role boy, I'm bionic You a fad on some lumma-lumma supersonic Girl you bout it, you can strip like comic And trance to melodic Technotronic Beats, knockin, seats, droppin Seeds, poppin, streets, rockin Freakin, shakin, money, makin Stylin, and bein fly I'm the one the ladies-ladies chose to strip and pose to, take off their clothes to Toast to the one that go coast to coast to Mr. Global the focal, let's go, uhh [Common] Uh, huh-uh Uh, huh-uh Get-get it Get-get it Get-get it I am a ren-egade I never been, afraid Fresh and I'm get-tin paid The future future of this age! From the Chi so I talk this way Twist the hay and the Grand Marnier Rock the fly shit like every day To the top and I'm on my way - let's go uhh The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Common f/ Kanye West Album: Universal Mind Control Song: Punch Drunk Love (The Eye) Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com [Chorus: Kanye West]  'ey baby, am I crazy? Or was you givin me the eye?  You said maybe? (Yea) Well, you crazy Because I know I'm too fly  Already know I'm too fly Already know I'm too fly (You hype!) Already know I'm too fly [Common - Verse 1ne] Right now I'm off the wine, wine, we can take our time, time So much I want to punch spill the bump when we grind My uh is in ya body, my uh is in ya mind Check my dictionary, that ass is so divine It slippery when it's wet girl, I can read the signs I knock and I knock, uhh, can I come inside? I knock and I knock, girl, can I come inside? I feel like it's home when I'm in between ya thighs It's the joy and the pain and the bites and the brain What make it feel so good, that type of stuff you can't explain I do, what I do, to do, to make it rain You got the invite tonight and I'm so glad ya came 'Cause you the type of danger we gain in yo Mic check like the way I begin my show Girl I come from chica' so in I 'go Turn around, it's about to be a TKO [Common - Verse 2wo] Some call me Com (Com), some call me the Red (Red) You can call me daddy, I'ma put ya to bed An appetite for seduction and it gotta be fed This sexual eruption gotcha hittin ya head on the board and, knock, you screamin, "Oh Lord" We exchange like students 'cause I study abroad/a broad And listen to ya body and, low key party and I keep pushin and pushin, you pump the vol-i-ume up We the type to make lovin we up We take a ride down south 'cause you need to re-up Girl you call me Big Bank like I was savin it up I'm the doctor, I can hold it 'til my patients/patience is up Ah, ah, ah-ah - I make, I make I make it hot baby Ah, ah-ah - I know, I know, I know ya spot baby When we do it like we don't want it to end It's three PM we gon' do it again [Interlude: Pharrell - repeat 2X] C'mon girl, let's gooooo to distant lands unknoooown We can fly on aiiiir if love is every wherrrre for you and me [Chorus + Interlude 'til fade] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Common f/ Cee-Lo Album: Universal Mind Control Song: Make My Day Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com [Chorus: Cee-Lo] Ah, the sun is shining brighter 'cause you really make my day Yeah, you really make my day Ahh-ohh-ohh... Yeah, I think I like her 'cause she really makes my day Yeah, she really makes my day Ahh-haah-ohh...Ohh-ohh-ohh [Common - Verse 1ne] Seen her on the beach, she was wrapped in a towel Her body's so endowed, seen her ass cracked a smile Enjoyin the Nile, take it, the breeze in  on some cat and mouse and she was, just cheesein  The sun eased in our conversation "California Dreamin'" now "Californication" Said she had some drinks in the cooler and I had an invitation If I wanted I could brew up, this is just an indication of how cool she was  A couple chicks came up with the groupie love They ain't want no pictures, only to be hugged I'm thinkin DAMN, damn, that's really cool because Sometimes I wanna chill Sometimes the best things in life are not in ya plans You came to the sand and got, more than a tan Baby girl, I'm a man and we can do this my way Take a ride on the highway and pretend like it's Friday and it is [Common - Verse 2wo] She was at a barbecue Pretty painted nails, she took off her shoes She was 'show and tell' like it was grammar school Sippin on some L, I'm thinkin, "Man, she cool!" Sun smilin on her hair Hey, they playin spades and we can be a pair She had a spread on her, I can see it from her chair I love it when it's sunny/Sonny, girl you could be my Cher It's, Independence Day and free is in the air We danced and danced away yo Showed her how to step, it's like a tango From her body angle, I can tell she like me She got me a flav, girl you're sweet as Icee Spicy talk, the sauce drip from my lips Take tricks and let's dip, we can do somethin hip Take a trip around the world in a day, play Fiona A. Let your worries blow away like it's all okay, and it is! [Chorus 2X] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Common Album: Universal Mind Control Song: Sex 4 Suga Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com [Chorus 2X] Girl, ya been touched by the forces of nature I'm just tryna motivate ya  Electricity is definitely there I got shocked when I touched your hair Sex 4 suga, suga 4 sex Sex 4 suga, suga 4 sex Sex 4 suga, suga 4 sex Sex 4 suga, suga 4 sex [Common - Verse 1ne] Girl...ooh, you look uh! You're the type of thick that I cain't give up What's your name? I cain't hear ya Will it be alright if I called you Suga? You could call me +Smokey+, I'll be the +Bear+ Your smell is sexy, it's all in the air Whatcha got girl? It's so unfair I like the way you move so keep it right there or you can do what you wanna do I'm just glad I'm in front of you But I don't mind bein behind 'cause I'ma touch you where the sun don't shine! Got my hand on the money while you on the grind In tune with you, 'cause you so fine And when you wine it's genu-wine Get on my vine and we can climb [Chorus 2X] [Common - Verse 2wo] Heard you used to dance at Magic Ci-tay The other girls couldn'ta been half as pret-tay You look so sexy when you grab them - OOOOOOOH!!!...oh, yes! Suga good Lord, you've been blessed If this is a sin, I must confess The way you dress, is like birdless I guess you don't mind bein undressed I like the way it's goin down Hips are movin all around Round and round, upside down I once was lost but now I'm found! Sweetheart, can you give me another round? Sweatin like you losin pounds Touch the ground, makin sounds Suga ooh Suga, you wear the crown [Chorus 2X] [Common - Verse 3hree] All that dancin, Suga..  Make me want ta do ya.. The way you move and shake it Ah ah, on the dance flooooo' Wanna touch and feel ya...  We can get fa-mil-ar... The way you move and shake it Make me wantchu some moooo'.... Ooh, you makin my nature rise We can do more than fantasize Let's do the do, me and you We can whoa-ooh, WHOA-OOH, WHOA!! and whoopty whoo Your physique brings out my freak I like the way yo' bod-ty speaks I want some of you everyday of the week Suga Suga, you ain't nuttin sweet, uh! [Chorus 2X] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Common f/ Pharrell Album: Universal Mind Control Song: Announcement Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com [Intro: Common] I'm finna take it the tip-top, baby I'm finna take it to the tip-top, baby I'm finna take it to the tip-top, baby [Chours: Common] Everybo-dy, I'd like to announce Throw ya hands up when we in the house Yeah, this is hip-hop, baby I'm finna take it to the tip-top, baby And tell ya girl that the tickets is out And we gon' do this 'til they kickin us out (what) Cause, this is hip-hop, baby I'm finna take it to the tip-top, baby [Common] Live from the Southside-est one, hide ya gun Representin Chi-Town to the fullest, raps are bullets  See them rappers? They be duckin When Com be buckin in the kitchen, fuckin On the sink, got my momma a mink ThinkCommon is the link, thought the game was extinct Laaaaa-dy~! Them jeans is as +Slim+ as +Shady+ Brought 'em back from the 80's, now let's make some babies Freestyle paid off, so Lincoln paid me Now we can push more links than slavery Alex Haley of this rap shit, my +Roots+ is deep You heard +The Bitch in Yoo+, yeah I know +What's Beef+ Let it cook and I pop like grease You thirsty niggaz can't shot my feast - UH! ...+I Still Love H.E.R.+, she be needin a dick When it come to hip-hop, it's just +Me & My Bitch+, uh [Pharrell {rhyming in the style of The Notorious B.I.G.}] Baaay-bay, you're like, "What the, fuck?" There is no other Valet crashed my Rose, so I quickly bought another Sorry, Mr. Willi-am, moved out the building New spot, to the top, fifty feet was the ceil-i-ing (Slow down son, you're killin 'em) Well-funded, it was not Cane step, shitty bills, reminisce and give me chills When Puff was with Biggie, Versace on every niggy The backpacker copped the Porsche and drove through a city Now all the little bit-ties, from ugly to pret-ty I was the magician, mesmerized and made 'em missin My dick is like a Blow Pop, baby! And it gets stiffer than some Botox, baby! But show out baby, and show me ye ain't gon' act right And I'll be peddlin backwards, like a track bike She ain't know the Casio cost a hundred It's been two years since I've done it, now all the rappers want it Whaaaat! [Common] As I sit back, relax, with Chicago on my back Unzip, the backpack, pull out a fifth of 'gnac I'll probably go to jail for - naw, that ain't me! I style crazy and +Net+ like Jay-Z The black Kojak, I +Get Money+ and want mo' stacks The rap photographer, the way the flow stop Broads say, "Are you a philosopher?" Yeah yeah, I philosophy on top of ya Uh! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Common Album: Universal Mind Control Song: Gladiator Typed by: clutch05@hotmail.com Gladiator Nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing Nothing you can do (4X) [Intro] They say he's a radical, he don't fit the game A heart full of glory and a fist of pain A couple of battle scars but shit's the same Are you not entertained So all the onlookers and the bystanders Wait til intermission, run buy your camera Record the moment, cause it'll be platinum And you could say you seen Common rock the stadium [Verse 1] I was told by a wise old to come from the heart Though I might've did The Light, I don't run from the dark The dark knight to spark mics, and start fights The warrior archetype like Kimbo Slice It's strength in the beard, am I loved or feared A beast amongst boys like Paul I'm revered Vroof, vroof vroof vroof vroof Vroof vroof well Like Jacob Jewel, I keep clientele You frail on the mic like you might break a nail I might smoke a joint but I won't take the L I knew a fat girl who broke the scale Still touched down cause I was off Artell Had dreams of breaking Mike Vick out of jail Took the underground rail to the end that failed I rebel, NYSL Here to leave a trail like Nelson Mandela [Common] My words is the sword, my skill is the shield My life is the style I stay dressed to kill A legend like Will Smith with the steel I could save the world when shit get for real Skinny George Foreman, all in your grill My rhyme style is blind, it's all in the feel Touch it and watch the blood fall with the steel The weak raps you wrote you could call that your will My drive VROOM is how I stay the livest Your guys got you gassed, my flow is a hybrid Crashed I survived it, gashes over eyelids You easy to take out cause you hot garbage I'm amped like wattage, the truth nigga honest Any moment opponents drop out like college Kneel and pay homage to the rap Ziggy Stardust Stadium hands in the air fists balled up [Common] Feet in the dirt, blood on the shirt Scars over bars, symbols of the work Tight clothes the armor, center of the drama Defeat your whole army like this is Sparta So don't violate or you'll get violated Some of you model bitches is so overrated Don't mean to underrate it but damn it I made it In the water I waded on the corner I painted Draw blood like we related MCs get de-decapitated Syncopated is the style that I fight with, write with Mr. Excitement, change your face up like a white chick Then light shit up like a dread with the herbs Get sex in the city and head in the burbs These are the words of a radical The crowd applaud, I'm bowed, I'm proud To be the gladiator The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Common f/ Martina Topley-Bird Album: Universal Mind Control Song: Everywhere Typed by: gary_aka_gt@yahoo.com [Chorus: Martina Topley-Bird] How did you know I've been waiting for this time to come? And though it tastes like forever it may not stay long Everywhere is summer. [4x] [Verse 1: Martina Topley-Bird] A shaman since before my birth And I came down to rock the Earth My misson condition: I give you, you listen I'm syncing in time in parallel In binary, no 3rd return I'm planning intention With all the redemption [Verse 2: Common] No pop, no pop, no pop, no pop We gon'do this thang till the sky just drop Lock in to ya mind away we rock, In a rocket is the 87 astronaut Top of the soul, dove and I got in a hole At the moment they were sayin "It was outta control" Strap in to your mind Why eyes see some recline You'll see in time your season to shine When the stadium is dark MCs are defined Get ready, on your mark, put your feet on the line The race is on to space beyond You gon'get there by doin what you want Sometimes the most famous feel all alone So we drift to a place that we call our home I was known as being spaced and outta my dome Now I know, it's all I've know The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Common f/ Maya Angelou, James Fauntleroy II Album: The Dreamer/The Believer Song: The Dreamer Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com [Intro: Common] For the world, world, world, world, world, world... Uh.. My name is Common, No I.D, ha! [Common] Uh, Ferrari testers, Armani dressers Exquisite thick bitches, the body blessers Rest assured, we gettin festive in Miami now Told my nigga 'Ye I'm 'bout to win the Grammys now Gettin Johnny +Cash+, old white folks know me now Standin close to the mic like I'm Kobe now We celebrate with shots-a, they hate because we got love It's the pop life, a lot of faces pop up Known to tear the club and the block up Goin through the airport with more lye/lie than an opera Knew crooks who move books like Harry Potter Get cleaners, to get it cleaner A +Legend+ like John, Lennon, I'm a dreamer Tried to fuck the world she only let me finger Mind trips to Medina, to visit the redeemer A hero, I'll jap-out like Hiroshima Off sangria with two broads at La Esquina Still opening roads for Omoye and Amina I'm a dreamer Dreaaaaaamer (It's for the world, world, world, world, world) Dreaaaaaamer (Dream on) I seeeeeeee her (Yeah) Ohhh [Common] We take, uh, we make, uh...  paper and build skyscrapers Walkin on water, buildin my faith up Niggaz with no heart, I'm the pace maker Get the beat from No I, feel the pulse of the Chi Survival of the fit with hope in they eye Takin notes from the sky to fly above understanding They notes from the Most hHgh, so I gotta land them Career ain't random, make anthems  Streets chant them, rock +Rolls+ like a +Phantom+ Mad hoes like they throwin tantrums I tell 'em I need space like Richard Branson +Dancing, With Wolves+ and +Stars+, gettin full at bars and then pass out like a pamphlet Never takin grants for granted It's Common, I'm high above standard Fly nigga, keep my feet planted To rock the planet, I don't stop for panic Maybe I'm a hopeless hip-hop romantic I'm a dreamer [Common] He introduced me, I stepped to the podium Said, "Peace, gave thanks to the holy one" Put my water up, thought about my daughter for a second The youth, the living +Resurrection+ Reflections of the sun glaring through the window Now the audi-ence staring at my mental Feelin like the world, the world is at my fingers 'Bout to speak to an auditorium full of dreamers Kinda took me back to when I first had a dream To be like the king that sang Billie Jean Now it's gold records and I'm on silver screens At the mountaintop, you still gotta dream To the dreamers [Interlude: Common] It's for the world, world, world, world Keep on, chka, da-AH, da-uh For the world, world, world, world Keep on, chka, dukka, da-uh Aiyyo, aiyyo, y'all that dance to this, chka... Keep on~! [Bridge: James Fauntleroy II] If I dream you're here and you dream I'm there We'll be nowhere near You should just come here If I wake you up Only difference is You can live the dream Just believe in it Oooooooh-ooooh-ooooh... [Maya Angelou] Once you find your shoulders dropping  and your speech gets slow and hazy You better change your way of being  before you found your brain got lazy You can build a better future when you join the winning team If you desire a bright tomorrow, you must build a brighter dream Dare to let your dreams reach beyond you Know that history holds more than it seems We are here alive today  Because our ancestors dared -- to dream From Africa they lay in the bilge of slave ships and stood half-naked on auction blocks From eastern Europe, they crowded in vessels overloaded with immigrants and were misnamed on Ellis Island From South America and Mexico, from Asia, they labored in sweat shops From all over the world, they came to America Many shivering in rags and still they dared to dream Let us dream for today and for tomorrow Let us dare to dream  (Oooooooh-ooooh-ooooh...) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Common f/ Nas Album: The Dreamer, The Believer Song: Ghetto Dreams Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Intro] Dreams Ghetto ghetto dreams Ghetto niggaz dreams Ghetto ghetto dreams Ghetto niggaz dreams Ghetto dreams Ghetto niggaz dreams From the hood {*scratches*} Dreams [Common] From the hood, y'all Yo, I want a bitch that look good and cook good Cinderella fancy, but she still look hood Butt naked in the kitchen flippin pancakes Plus she's trickin out the dough that her man makes We got our own handshake, her titties ain't fake Fuckin in the car cause we just can't wait to get home, early in the morn' gettin stoned Pretty with her eyes low, bunny by her Bible The type of bitch that Big said he would die fo' is the type that I'd ride and stay alive fo' Tats on her back, lookin all tribal She knows shoes, like she knows survival Well-put together, she weather the storm Seen her brother die so forever she's strong Hear Beyonc's song and she gotta perform Whether fuckin or fightin, we gettin it on Ghetto dreams Ghetto ghetto dreams Ghetto niggaz dreams Ghetto ghetto dreams Ghetto niggaz dreams Ghetto dreams Ghetto ghetto niggaz dreams From the hood {*scratches*} Dreams [Common] I don't even say shit, she can feel it I talks the realest, toenails acryllic Ass is a weapon and it's hard to conceal it Baby in one arm, the other is a skillet Fried chicken, macaroni, raised on the black and stony Ghetto Prince, she's my Apolloni' Like trigger had the back of Tony, Montana Reminded me of me of my, of my momma Uhh, knowin the drama like she know when to joke Steal a nigga's squares, not wantin me to smoke I poke my head out of Benzes My street sense is streets and I know who my friends is Endless love for the money, power and clothes My ghetto housewife watch reality shows She might get to snappin if the cabinets ain't closed When the camera starts snappin, she ready to pose, ahh [Nas] I notice all my flaws when it come to writin rhymes Subject matter be changin too quickly at times So I kick it strictly 'bout dimes and stick to the story Call me a pro in the pussy category Had explicit experiences I shouldn't mention For me, gettin women turned from sport to addiction  Powerful women playin the roles of submission Lawyers on leashes, congresswomen inflictin pain onto my game, wanted and I'm sadistic They liked it, they dyked it, devices, twisted 'Til I get a nice chick to get me on some nice shit Crib, raisin kids, Labrador behind a white fence But I'm still single, lookin for Cleopatra African queen, yo look at me I'm a bachelor Y'all niggaz in trouble, keep your girls behind closed doors Cross the fingers, be happy I haven't chose yours She love glamour, bought her Vera Wang sandals, Valentino bags is my etiquette, my manner's half hood, half class Photographers, cameras Caught us out there, the spotlight hope she can handle She can join me, red carpet at my next non-profit Event havin sponsored by some alcohol product Jumpin out a Bentley with some fresh Red Bottoms You live the dream with me when you were just in the projects {*"Yeah" scratched to the end*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Common f/ Makeba Riddick Album: The Dreamer/The Believer Song: Blue Sky Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com [Intro: sample of "Mr. Blue Sky" by Eletric Light Orchestra] {"Mr. Blue Sky, Mr. Blue S.." The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Common Album: The Dreamer/The Believer Song: Sweet Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com ("You look so sweet, so.." "You look so sweet..") [Intro: Common] Yeah... Y'know they be askin 'bout Common, where he at? What that man doingnow? I'm doin what I do -- hip-hop That's what I do Yeah [Common] How can I say this? Fuck it, I'm the greatest! I am the A-list for all these great debaters A lot of y'all nah-now, forgot now who I am The '87 nigga used to rah-rah in the jam Ah YEAH~! We put them things in the air When I drop a single, it's really like a pair of Air Jordans, important to the culture If you ain't true to it, cllate la boca! Get my drink on like a coaster Post up on the wall that Mike used to live off Hip-Hop Master Cleanse and I'ma get my shit off Rollin in a Maserati Gran with the lid off I bit all like a monster, live nigga this is my encore Encore, encore, I rhyme for the Commoners My name synonymous with prominence I'm to Hip-Hop what Obama is to politics Common is... Yeah!  Man, y'all niggaz man, you soft mother... Yeah my man, motherfucker! Man, come around my crib, you know where I'm from Some hoe-ass niggaz Singin all around here man, "La-la-lah," all that You ain't no motherfuckin Frank Sinatra (Uh..) Lil' bitch! Yeah, this the raw right here This the raw right here, nigga! Sweet motherfucker! Sweet-ass bitch motherfucker! Wa-da-da, da, wa-dada-dada-dang! The C-O double-M O-N, I'm not playin! Da-da man at work, I make my own lane I'm the franchise so I rock my own chain Know I said give 'em that 80s' Cocaine Somethin raw, somethin pure so I stayed in that vein The hero that he know, that he cold like when it's  below in the Geo, wipe ya feet off in the Regal I'm king, observe the throne AND the dream I have it, +Supreme+ like +Mathematics+ Yeah, a breath of fresh air for you asthmatic rap addicts Pro-black magic, this is semi-automatic Rap, it won't jam in traffic The game need direction, I'm here to map it, uh~! Uh, some people say that they be missin creativity But when it come to hip-hop, it begins and ends with me -- SWEET [Outro: Common] Y'know... y'know man, you should know where I come from You should know who I am, nigga! MAN, you know! You should never wanna go against me You know man, you too soft for that, man! I-I be seein you man, I see it in yo' eyes, man! You ain't the type of nigga that could go against me! You get in my presence you gon' feel like a lil' hoe! You ain't a man yet, you tryna be somebody else! MAN, BE YOURSELF, MAN!  You come around my crib, you get yo' shit took, HUH~! Wherever you go, you probably be overseas in Europe and get yo' shit took Youse a hoe! You know you sweet! Ain't nothin you can do man, people see that man Broads be seein you sweet! Done wit you muh... it's over for you It's over for you! It's OVER! Sweet motherfucker.. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Common f/ James Fauntleroy II Album: The Dreamer/The Believer Song: Gold Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com [Chorus 1: James Fauntleroy II] So we made it to this same end of the road and we picked up lots of chicks and pots of gold How I made it out with myyyyy, so-o-o-oul, o-o-o-oh O-o-ooh-ohh, o-o-ohhhh-ohhhh [Common] Ashtrays and cigarettes, last days, indigenous people These are adventures of young black millionaires I am the voice of the meek and underprivileged The smell of success, I want y'all to get a whiff of this On the move like black slaves through the wilderness I write it, and still get invited to White Christmases When I was born, three wise men came to visit us One a hustler, one a king, one a prisoner They cracked the bottle, then started giving gifts "You from Chicago, we want you to deliver this Show the walking dead who the true and living is Separate the fake from who the REAL reals is" Hot Tub Time Machine, back to the Sybaris Hats from liquor stores to avoid syphilis Frivolous spendin, drunk nights with storybook endings I guess it's my addiction to women, ah! I was in France, in to see Hennessy blendin Writin my own scripts like I'm Tennessee Williams Now it's new beginnings like a born-again Christian On the mic, victorious, story is redemption [Chorus 2: James Fauntleroy II] I'm sitting at the top, I'm not alone I'm standing here with myyyyy, so-o-o-oul O-o-ohhhh-oh-ohhh-oh-ohhh  [Common] Feed our souls with two fish and five loaves Teach a man to cook it for survival My dad said it rained on my arrival Now a storm of the brain make these guys drive slow Like I was 5-0, but my +Creed's+ Apollo On the rock and roll with the coldest live show For those before I came, I made the song cry for 'em Lyrical gymnast, you set the bar low This is the Kilimandjaro, like Twitter you can follow It may be hard to read like hiero-glyphics Written on the walls of Cairo, check my youth revival Truth inside flow, I stand/+Stan+ like Em did with Dido Crash parties, any live, yo, is libel  to get banged like thangs that rival tribals slang From the pride we'll reign, KILL the game and watched it die slow Ali MC, I fight for more than the title, your idol {*echoes*} [Chorus 1] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Common  Album: The Dreamer/The Believer Song: Lovin' I Lost Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com [Intro] Lovin' I lost.. It happens to the best.. So I looooved and I lost And I might as well confess... ("Lovin' I lost")  I remember, I remember, I remember the days  ("It happens to the best..So I looooved and I lost") I remember... I remember the..  (And I might as well confess...)  [Common] I remember she sit there with her thickness Never played a game but I heard about them sisters A wise mister said, "+Love is Gonna Get'cha+" But that ain't what I read in the scriptures -- God be with us It was hard for me to take down the benches I was trippin, I even called her sister How can someone you could talk to each and every day that you were 'bout to marry, be on they merry way? I'm singin through the pain like, I was Mary J. 'cause we break-up to make-up like Mary Kay Rumors leavin tumors on my heart now We fell in love huh, just to fall apart now I get your calls and I try to disregard now What was easy for us now is hard now, huh?!  Who do it better? We used to move together Now we not together, is this our new forever? [Common] Aww, HELL NAW~! I'm waitin on your call Told you be I'll be back, had to break down some walls Issues that I had, some say it comes  from not seein my dad, keep movin on Hard for me to stay away and stay in touch Girl, my heart is broke and I need a crutch Thought I was okay but nights that I stayed up Ass got me layed up, girl I never gave up... on you and us  I tried to take it day by day, and WHEW it's tough I know you're young and you gotta live your life, huh? I thought it was the right time for me to wife ya I must confess, I miss the days of you layin on my chest So confusing losin love, I'm sayin God bless Who do it better? We used to move together Now we not together, is this our new forever? [Chorus 2X] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Common f/ Hannah Sidibe Album: The Dreamer/The Believer Song: Raw (How You Like It) Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com [Intro] Ahhhhh! For you! (La, la, la, la-lah  La, la, la, la-lah  La, la, la, la-lah, how you like it?  La, la, la, la-lah) Thank you, thank you, uh... [Common] Bow! BOW! I came through the door  with the raw Martin Margiela superstar status Everything stellar, with some bad bitches  and some ex-drugs sellers, niggaz already jealous We in this joint like Bob Marley and The Wailers She already wanna pick, bitch don't be so overzealous Go to the bar to get around like a propeller The barmaid's name is Stella I'm so ap-Paul-ed like McCartney that you would card me Am I really mad? Hardly, I'm here to party! Wantin y'all to give me body like Lati-fah Niggaz in the corner smokin that ree-fa Seen a girl she had bottom like a speak-a Wanna put some hands on her like a preach-a Hmmmm-uh~! Well let me take my time She ordered Bacardi, gettin twisted in the lime-light Seen that ass cause I got hind-sight She was lit shinin bright in a fit that was tight 'Bout to get that invite to a +Night Over Egypt+ She said "You rap?" Yea, mummy I'm Tutankhamun/Common kickin and spendin this rap money [Chorus: Hannah Sidibe] Feels so good, I wanna touch somebody So let's go, go wanna feel you  close, keep touchin Feels so good, I wanna touch somebody So let's go, go...  Feel you close, keep touchin La, la, la, la-lah, how you like it? La, la, la, la-lah, how you like it? La, la, la, la-lah, how you like it? La, la, la, la-lah  [Common] She was all couture, in a Tom Ford Security guard let me in 'cause I'm +Lord+ of +Finesse+, the under, the rings, the dress - code is to always stay fresh Aware of a chest 'cause, I stay abreast She was extra cold, I'm here to decongest This nigga next to us was slopped and made a mess Knockin over bar stools, I hoped that he carpooled I'm locked into my mood, long as dude don't disturb my groove I won't have to take it back to high school RE-WIND~! No need to take me back in time Keep my mind on the grind and the great feline 'cause what's in front of me is this behind Up north she's thick, down south she's fine Tuned in to what I'm doin I'm so unassuming when I'm pursuing The ladies! The ladies! A +Soldier of Love+ like Sa-de Showin love to this lady when this nigga tried to play me Saw me talkin to +Slim+ and started actin +Shady+ Dude got foul like crack in the 80s' Uh, uh, uh, uh! You don't wanna test this, yo You never know who got a Tec up in the disco (You Hollywood) Nah nigga, I'm Chicago So I cracked his head with a motherfuckin bottle Oooooooh-ooh-ooh-ooooooh-ooh-ooooh The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Common f/ James Fauntleroy II Album: The Dreamer/The Believer Song: Cloth Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com [Intro] Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, ohh-ohh {4X} [Common] We were from different cities on the same block Grew up in different circles in the same spot Like raindrops we fall in love giving our all Showin her ring off like a player at the ball I recall, the walls that I had up Attracted to women for things that didn't matter "Ka-clow! BOOM! POP!" Sound of my heart when it drop The night that I met her, it might be forever I hear people sayin that they like us together I ain't afraid to gamble when life is gettin better  with you, I admit I had issues like Ebony or Essence, your pedigree, your presence is more than clothes can say for you When I shop I gotta spend more than a day for you I pray for you and us, that we imbue through lust and accrue the trust, let's shake off the dust from the cloth [Chorus: James Fauntleroy II] Oh you're worried about when people stop and stare That's just a tear, on those beautiful clothes you wear Cut from the same, cloth you just want to wear But that's just a tear, 'cause girl I can get you fresh La la la lah... La la la lah... La la la-la-la-la-la, la-la-la-la-lah La la la lah... La la la lah... La la la-la-la-la-la, la-la-la-la-lah [Common] This is tailor-made love, fit like a snug Anything we can bear so let's have some +cubs+ You were there when my cuz passed away Not only does love, but life hatches day I appreciate the hugs and the days, I breed with you Strong seeds I can see with you, the Good Word I read with you Lookin at things that we've been through Things that seem simple, I know when to go hard and when to be gentle Sentimental laughs and expressions Let's stay in the present, no time for second guessin You said it's this cloth that makes you feel naked The truth we address it, that's so unexpected Yeah that's the thread that helps us move ahead Your hunger for affection will always be fed Thank God we never sped and let love take its course Because what's inside of us, no need to outsource, the cloth [Common] Hey lover, we can cover each other through the coldest nights, tight never smother (We'll be cool) It's two things, that seems to hold us together God is our tailor and forever     (Seeing through) It's two things, that seems to hold us together God is our tailor and forever It's two things, that seems to hold us together (Beautiful) God is our tailor and forever It's the cloth The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Common f/ James Fauntleroy II, Hannah Sidibe Album: The Dreamer/The Believer Song: Celebrate Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com [Chorus: James Fauntleroy II] Everybody home, ain't nobody gone And I got all my niggaz around It feel good, don't it? Gettin hood on it And I got all my niggaz around I got a couple minutes in town A couple hundred bitches around So baby go on and get us a round 'cause I got all my niggaz around - Celebrate [Common] We partyin, yeah Godbody and exotic broads lobbyin, Spanish, Somalian Fly, we livin 'til we die We livin in the night, toast lookin in the eye  On our paper 'til we get it like Dubai Chi niggaz stand up  Plastic cups, girls with the drastic butts  that ask for bucks, it don't stop here Bottles of Veuve pop here And we gon' +Get Around+ like 2Pac's here Celebrate like it's New Year Some bomb broads coming, type nuclear Yeah, it's so ridiculo', lit the medicinal  Passed it, give-and-go, backwards liquor store Celebrate ("We celebrate, celebrate me home") [Common] In my Paul Smith like a alcoholic My guys I used to hoop with is now who I ball with This raw bitch came in, lookin flawless Tonight she'll be givin conscious, HEAD-lights! Beamin from the Beemer that her momma bought her I got to act right, for her like I'm an author Look where drama brought us, look where karma brought us Married to the game, like Usher we was +Caught Up+ Now we got some R&B broads we can call up You niggaz come around keep the wall up Smoke blowin out thinking of tomorrow and the simple things Hustlers from the 'Go, how far we done came Celebrate, hah~! ("We celebrate, celebrate me home") [Common] Ah, another night, we love the night For the life, gettin bugged tonight Wait 'til I get my money right Told you it's gon' be on like the Benzes that we lean on Put my team on, get our heat on Ah, I knew her when she strip, her name was Chardonnay My niggaz move work even on a holiday! We come from porches and alleyways I'm the big ticket, don't need no one to validate We celebrate [Bridge: Hannah Sidibe] We ain't gotta wait It's a toast to you and me Bills ain't so bad, celebrate that Party in the yard 'til the lights come on and out Ain't nobody crying We've come so far, been climbing Now the clouds they passed us by C'mon and raise your glass up hiiiiiigh The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Common f/ James Fauntleroy II, Omoye Album: The Dreamer/The Believer Song: Windows Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com [Chorus: James Fauntleroy II] If your eyes are the window, to your soul Open eyes bring you cold If your dreams keep you warm in night Baby just keep 'em closed If your eyes are the window I can sneak in at night In your eyes I can see your soul Staring back into mine [Common] She was a beautiful rose  from the concrete and heat she grows In the dark room, her life was exposed Her picture of men, we walk on all fours.. (ah!) Heart opened and heart closed Every now and then she sparkles, ah~! You can tell she was hurt by the words that she chose I'm thinkin like Lauryn, +A Rose is Still a Rose+ Even when the door close, there goes a new one I told her it's some good men, she asked me if I knew one Her daddy left a hole cause she never really knew him Okay sometimes from commitment, we do 'em Rockin Lou Vuitton, said she focused on the Christian I'm speakin to her inner, tryin to enhance her vision By not to be married with kids she was wishin Shhhhh... to your soul, just listen [Common] (Omoye) She said, "Daddy take me ice skatin" Lookin at the rearview, life's waitin, for her... Gotta be there to support her Can't really wait for a, court order She got the type of aura that's fun and vibrant A lot of love inside, got to help guide it Daddy will protect it, God will provide it We all'll be there so your soul ain't divided Man, how quick she grows Lookin like her momma but she got my toes I suppose it's the age that she really really need me A lot of girls without, they become needy ("C'mon dad, I'm too old for the back seat  Can you come and get me, are you coming to my track meet?") As she begins the race of life and love I told her "I can't run it for ya, God knows I'ma coach ya" The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Common f/ John Legend Album: The Dreamer/The Believer Song: The Believer Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com [Chorus: John Legend] I believe in the light that shines and will never die Oh I believe the fire burns, we stay alive Theeeey will talk about us Like they talked about the kings before us Theeeey will talk about us [Common] (Legend) These are the words of a believer achiever, leader of the globe Feed the souls of those in need, I bleed  the blood of the struggle, walkin over troubled puddles Hustles in my chest, no hustle no progress Extremities of life and its process Birth of a son, death of another With love I caress both mothers and told 'em, "Who's in control is the one that's above us" I walk where money talks and love stutters Body language of a nation goin through changes The young become dangerous, pain gets spent into anger (I know, I know, I know) Anger gets sent through the chamber It's tough when your own look like strangers We are the sons of gangsters and stone rangers If he could, how would Ernie Barnes paint us? Look at the picture, hard not to blame us (Theeeey will talk about us) But time forgives in the Chi where the young die often Do they end up in a coffin because we haven't taught them? Is it what we talkin we really ain't walkin? Dues hustlers pay, how much did it cost 'em? (Theeeey will talk about us) Find myself on the same corner that we lost 'em Real talkin, in they ear like a Walkman Thoughts spin around the corner, to the world When I see them, I see my baby girl - Believe [Common] (Legend) The Lord lives among us, the younger's hunger  become a means to get it, by any ways nece-ssary  Under pressure, children feelin lesser  with the steel up on the dresser, killin will aggressors (Theeeey will talk about us) Destiny's Children, +Survivors+, +Soldiers+ In front of buildings they eyes look older Hard to see blessings in the violent culture Face against weapons, sirens, holsters That ain't the way that Langston Hughes wrote us Soul controllers on the shoulders of Moses and Noah We go from being Precious to Oprah (I know, I know, I know) Cultivated to overcome ever since we came overseas Today and the way that you can see we determined Solar keeps burnin, shawty's know to keep learning Lesson's in our life, but life stripes that we earning Took gramp's advice that Christ is returning (Theeeey will talk about us) Like a thief in the night, I write the beacons of light For those of us in dark alleys and parched valleys Street hits spark rallies of the conscience conquerors  of a contest, that seems beyond us (Theeeey will talk about us) Even through the unseen, I know that God watches From one King's dream, he was able to Barack us... The prophets... Nothing can stop us, uh~! [Outro: John Legend] I know, I know, I know how dreams won't turn to dust Theeeey will talk about us I know, I know, I know how dreams won't turn to dust Theeeey will talk about us I know, I know, I know how dreams won't turn to dust Theeeey will talk about us {*fades*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: (Common f/) Lonnie "Pops" Lynn Album: The Dreamer/The Believer Song: Pops Belief Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com [Lonnie "Pops" Lynn] Yeaaaaah yeah, bring it on Uh-huh, with the yah-yah, yeah Yeah, just sittin around kickin it a lil' bit Y'know I thought we would record somethin tonight And I do want to dedicate it, to two very outstanding people I live the spirit of... gentlemen Crispus Attucks and Mr. Marcus Garvey Thank you so much... The Believer If I were a believer, I believe I would believe in the beginning Everybody's beginning Mine, that my very first ancestors were front row and present When God stepped to the mic I believe from the creation of the Garden of Eden The separation of the tribes, our long marches across the desert Being Yakub's kids, for instincts born in caves of ice All - each and every one, the souls of one God Granted earthly existence to allow each to earn The blessing of transcending, time-traveling throughout the universe With the blessings and well-wishes of my fathers, prophets of my own No search, no fear, no mysteries We inherit... the power... to turn nightmares into dreams For those of us who come from less than enviable circumstances Dreams, good dreams, sweet dreams, dreams come true Truthful dreams, truthful dreams... become life Life becomes belief, belief becomes live! Live the life you believe The American dream, the black American dream, the universal dream For the sake of the unwritten laws of humanity  I believe in God, I believe in my ancestors, I believe in my offsprings I believe in Dr. Sebi, I believe we must stop Willie Lynch'n each other I believe in the truth, truth See you next lifetime~! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Common  Album: The Dreamer/The Believer Song: The Believer (Remix) * Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com * - Target CD bonus track [Common] These are the words of a believer achiever, leader of the globe Feed the souls of those in need, I bleed  the blood of the struggle, walkin over troubled puddles Hustles in my chest, no hustle no progress Extremities of life and its process Birth of a son, death of another With love I caress both mothers and told 'em, "Who's in control is the one that's above us" I walk where money talks and love stutters Body language of a nation goin through changes The young become dangerous, pain gets spent into anger Anger gets sent through the chamber It's tough when your own look like strangers We are the sons of gangsters and stone rangers If he could, how would Ernie Barnes paint us? Look at the picture, hard not to blame us But time forgives in the Chi where the young die often Do they end up in a coffin because we haven't taught them? Is it what we talkin we really ain't walkin? Dues hustlers pay, how much did it cost 'em? Find myself on the same corner that we lost 'em Real talkin, in they ear like a Walkman Thoughts spin around the corner, to the world When I see them, I see my baby girl - Believe Haha! Yeah... Yeah, time the uh-ah-ah-ah  Ah-ah-ah-ah, ah-ah-ah-uh-ah Ah-ah-ah-ah-ah, ah-ah-ah-ah Ah-ah-ah, uh, uh, uh...  Yo.. Yeah! The Lord lives among us, the younger's hunger  become a means to get it, by any ways nece-ssary  Under pressure, children feelin lesser  with the steel up on the dresser, killin will aggressors Destiny's Children, +Survivors+, +Soldiers+ In front of buildings they eyes look older Hard to see blessings in the violent culture Face against weapons, sirens, holsters That ain't the way that Langston Hughes wrote us Soul controllers on the shoulders of Moses and Noah We go from being Precious to Oprah  Cultivated to overcome ever since we came overseas Today and the way that you can see we determined Solar keeps burnin, shawty's know to keep learning Lesson's in our life, but life stripes that we earning Took gramp's advice that Christ is returning  Like a thief in the night, I write the beacons of light For those of us in dark alleys and parched valleys Street hits spark rallies of the conscience conquerors  of a contest, that seems beyond us  Even through the unseen, I know that God watches From one King's dream, he was able to Barack us... The prophets... Nothing can stop us, uh~! The prophets... Nothing can stop us.. Yo, yeah {Common "uh-ah"'s and ad-libs until fade} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Common  Album: The Dreamer, The Believer Song: Ghetto Dreams (Remix) * Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com, kirenamloh@msn.com * - Target CD bonus track [Intro] Dreams Ghetto ghetto dreams Ghetto niggaz dreams Ghetto ghetto dreams Ghetto niggaz dreams Ghetto dreams Ghetto niggaz dreams From the hood {*scratches*} Dreams [Common] From the hood, y'all Yo, I want a bitch that look good and cook good Cinderella fancy, but she still look hood Butt naked in the kitchen flippin pancakes Plus she's trickin out the dough that her man makes We got our own handshake, her titties ain't fake Fuckin in the car cause we just can't wait to get home, early in the morn' gettin stoned Pretty with her eyes low, bunny by her Bible The type of bitch that Big said he would die fo' is the type that I'd ride and stay alive fo' Tats on her back, lookin all tribal She knows shoes, like she knows survival Well-put together, she weather the storm Seen her brother die so forever she's strong Hear Beyonc's song and she gotta perform Whether fuckin or fightin, we gettin it on Ghetto dreams Ghetto ghetto dreams Ghetto niggaz dreams Ghetto ghetto dreams Ghetto niggaz dreams Ghetto dreams Ghetto ghetto niggaz dreams From the hood {*scratches*} Dreams [Common] I don't even say shit, she can feel it I talks the realest, toenails acryllic Ass is a weapon and it's hard to conceal it Baby in one arm, the other is a skillet Fried chicken, macaroni, raised on the black and stony Ghetto Prince, she's my Apolloni' Like trigger had the back of Tony, Montana Reminded me of me of my, of my momma Uhh, knowin the drama like she know when to joke Steal a nigga's squares, not wantin me to smoke I poke my head out of Benzes My street sense is streets and I know who my friends is Endless love for the money, power and clothes My ghetto housewife watch reality shows She might get to snappin if the cabinets ain't closed When the camera starts snappin, she ready to pose, ahh [Common] At the movies, she ain't scared to pull my dick out Big dreams and move things to a big house that's roomy, love to see her comin out of bloomies Face opposite of gloomy, ah what it does to me Sunday morning at church, she covered like a Sunni Come back home, singin shine your light like umi Truly truly she grown, don't check a nigga phone Even when I roam, I still know where home - is They type you want raisin ya kids About takin out the garbage, she stay in ya ear She know sacrifice, and flashing lights Street and the fashion life, her you could ask advice about ANYTHING~! She might get a ring Got a lot of sibilings, money she can get it clean Remindin me of a broad that I took to Evergreen Money plus a good chick - that's a hood dream {*"Yeah" scratched to the end*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Common w/ Sean Lett Album: America Is Dying Slowly: A Red Hot Organization compilation Song: I've Been Thinking Intro: Common Yeah, one two, bless Yeah yeah, check it I got my mellow Sean Lett He gonna get down for y'all Chicago style Eighty-seven, you know the bidness, check it Chorus: Common, Sean Lett After eight years of my life, of smoking and drinking The world keeps spinning, so lately I've been thinking After eight years of my life, of smoking and drinking The world keeps spinning, so lately I've been thinking Verse One: Common Nearest to the go gothic, a cash flow prophet Methods of gettin scratch and talkin slick I've adopted Palms in the lock with stunts whose hearts be game Hoes in the stable, none do I claim Niggaz with nothin to shoot for, at they only aim Gramps in the choir singin it's gonna rain in the midst of precipitation, I make the power manipulations, so my offspring'll be straight for generations Got connections in the nation To incarceration, to general population More lyrics than Jason, look me in the face when you speak to me You got a tattoo? Bitch youse a freak to me Seeking the, good sess material Asking when's my next video Bitch get a job and get your ass in somebody's university Enroll your youngun in a nursery And cleam him up, comb his hair, cover yourself You want a man to love you you ain't loving yourself I'm discovering wealth watches wisdom in ways To make it in the last days, now bring it on Chorus Verse Two: Sean Lett I feel blessed I survived two decades in this world Then Ninety slid in naked now I got a baby girl Ain't this a bitch, myself still a child I want to hang on eighty-seven corners act wild on Stoney Isle Better school her, so presence is your seed in society Parks of envy jealous niggaz crack fiends yes indeed I won't misleed and you can best believe I'm just a blink away shorty anytime that you need See I know right now, you're just too young to understand Asking questions, why pops and moms don't be holding hands Don't you worry about it yet, in due time we'll explain Why having you, created just an everlasting shame Bringing joy witcha smiles, tripping when you first walked Knowing somebody's child is gettin outlined in chalk Just relieved it ain't you, I got much love for you boo Cause it ain't nuthin that these skanless niggaz in these streets won't do Stop me if I'm lying, see my race is steady dying Short methods to making cream, bullets sprays and shatters dreams See basically, Chi-town's game-related and designed Niggaz store up theirs and down opposite signs Chorus Outro: Sean Lett, Common It's like that y'all (yeah yeah) Common Sense and dirty mizer on the set y'all Sean Lett We gonna get down like that My man Eddie C on the board We coming through y'all for eighty-seventh street Seventy-first and everybody in South show We coming through for niggaz on the West side Down in the ickies, all up and down state We gonna keep it straight like that We straight out for gold You call it Chi-town it's still our town Holding it down like this with that eighty-seven sound We talking about rocking niggaz state to state nationwide On the real it's like that Straight up South side is where we loaf Shit be real around these parts, I'm serious YouknowhatI'msayin? Hear me You know what? We out though Artist: Common, Jamie Foxx, Guru Album: Any Given Sunday soundtrack Song: Any Given Sunday Typed by: ElGreco48@aol.com [Guru] Though the times are getting wicked I'm older I got a chip on my shoulder True players always maintaing, I'm different I told ya Don't want to be just a commodity I'm smarter G This is my life, and my soul not just a job to me It's the truest part of me Fans now mobbing me Fake friends acting like I just won the lottery Back then I guess it was hard to see The real paradox What an artist see It's like that saying Be careful what you pray for you might get it  Of course it's all about winning and money but how far will we let it Taken 'em, the holy game can make 'em, then instantaneously break 'em Rain one day sunshine the next Haters try and stop my flow sometimes I'm vexed What's next accounted by the press Mad stress on my chest  Of course I know that I'm blessed but here's the test On "Any Given Sunday" I got to play my best Chorus: Sacrifice don't give up the fight,  everything will be all right on any given Sunday Guru: The harder they come the hard, yeah the harder they must fall Depends on you if you win or lose,  you know you got to pay some dues so that you can live on Monday Guru: Strive to achieve and die for what you believe [Jamie Foxx] On the battlefields left abandoned One man standing To me the ball was handed Taken shots and left stranded, No defensive they tackle me Every blow brings back a memory Learning lessons from my injury It's killing me  Cause at first they wasn't feeling me Never given a chance to show my true ability Too many pressures trying to play me out Put me positions that's sure to lay me out No doubt Chorus: Sacrifice don't give up the fight,  everything will be all right on any given Sunday Guru: The harder they come the hard, yeah the harder they must fall Depends on you if you win or lose,  you know you got to pay some dues so that you can live on Monday Guru: Strive to achieve and die in for what you believe [Common] Playing on a field of hard times These struggles are like the yardlines that I gain from Nowhere is where I came from From day one, I knew the game and how to play run But never knew the price of fame would weigh tons Now I learn from self when pain comes And walk when they say run Fame can be as painful as Death of patron Young black, gifted But I'm rapped in myself Broke many tackles but I'm trapped in myself See what happens with wealth At times you can lose yourself During the sunniest of days many superstars fell From cotton to football fields You know how they play brothers As long as we play well they love us I know that on Any Given Sunday This can be taken from me But it all comes down to is money I know that on Any Given Sunday  This can be taken from me  But it all comes down to is money y'all Chorus: (2x) Sacrifice don't give up the fight,  everything will be all right on Any Given Sunday Guru: The harder they come the hard, yeah the harder they must fall Depends on you if you win or lose,  you got to pay some dues so that you can live on Monday Guru: Strive to achieve and die for what you believe The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Common f/ Erykah Badu Album: Bamboozled soundtrack Song: The Light (Remix) Typed by: mothegreat@bet.com (Chorus) [Erykah Badu] There are times.. when you'll need someone.. I will be by your side.. There is a light, that shines, Special for you, and me.. I never knew a luh, luh-luh, a love like this Gotta be somethin for me to write this Queen, I ain't seen you in a minute Wrote this letter, and finally decide to send it Signed sealed delivered for us to grow together Love has no limit, let's spend it slow forever I know your heart is weathered by what studs did to you I ain't gon' assault em cause I probably did it too Because of you, feelings I handle with care Some niggaz recognize the light but they can't handle the glare You know I ain't the type to walk around with matchin shirts If relationship is effort I will match your work I wanna be the one to make you happiest, it hurts you the most They say the end is near, it's important that we close.. .. to the most, high Regardless of what happen on him let's rely (Chorus) Yo, yo, check it It's important, we communicate and tune the fate of this union, to the right pitch I never call you my bitch or even my boo There's so much in a name and so much more in you Few understand the union of woman and man And sex and a tingle is where they assume that it land But that's fly by night for you and the sky I write For in these cold Chi night's moon, you my light If heaven had a height, you would be that tall Ghetto to coffee shop, through you I see that all Let's stick to understandin and we won't fall For better or worse times, I hope to me you call So I pray everyday more than anything friends will stay as we begin to lay this foundation for a family - love ain't simple Why can't it be anything worth having you work at annually Granted we known each other for some time It don't take a whole day to recognize sunshine (Chorus) Yeah.. yo, yo, check it It's kinda fresh you listen to more than hip-hop and I can catch you in the mix from beauty to thrift shop Plus you ship hop when it's time to, thinkin you fresh Suggestin beats I should rhyme to At times when I'm lost I try to find you You know to give me space when it's time to My heart's dictionary defines you, it's love and happiness Truthfully it's hard tryin to practice abstinence The time we committed love it was real good Had to be for me to arrive and it still feel good I know the sex ain't gon' keep you, but as my equal it's how I must treat you As my reflection in light I'ma lead you And whatever's right, I'ma feed you Digga-da, digga-da, digga-da, digga-digga-da-da Yo I tell you the rest when I see you, peace (Chorus) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Common f/ Mark the 45 King Album: Car Horn 12" Song: Car Horn Typed by: scott_rodkey@hotmail.com 	I'm the C-O to the double M O to the N 	You heard, motherfucker? Well boy I hit ya again 	Official bald nigga from the City of Winds 	Stay doing it, doing it, I am doing it  (Repeat 2x) What the fuck is going down? Nigga you sound Like a real bitch right now, the pound I gave you I knew I shouldn't have gave you Before you was a hoe now you think the money made you A slave to the rhythm, indentured servant to wisdom Clinton is the pres but I voted for Shelly Chisom In a poetical prison, I'm visiting self For hours, coward niggas get shanked for kicking Pussy raps, radio is like CO's they try to push me back I rip cats out of they suits, give them they hoodies back I from the hood we stack back fist "Ooh ohh ahh" is the sound of blackness These new school cats is classless, influenced by rap shit Front money, but hustle backwards I break bread with broads that got they masters And hypes the blaster, lawyers that work faster than young ghetto bastards Became childlike with the way I style right And act, because children naturally react Respond, to the Com as a poet I'm a last like a Don Cause I'm like that yo, a phenom without shit on my arm You can't coherse a verse I'm a rhyme when I want to get up and rhyme Some say I space like John Glenn because of the places I've been I breaks about spin, been through cases of Heinekin Return to orbit off some shit that's anti-Corbin in the Wild Style On to gain rappers is getting tortured for tossing salads You imbalanced, you rap about violence too much I go on blind dates with my estates and gold dust And at my shows a lot shows up, they think it's a hold up So many hands go up, but with the band I cold up Money folder, you want a fresh style let me show you 	I'm the C-O to the double M O to the N 	You heard, motherfucker? Well boy I hit ya again 	Official bald nigga from the City of Winds 	Stay doing it, doing it, I am doing it  (Repeat 2x) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Common f/ Pharrell Williams, Q-Tip, Erykah Badu Album: Come Close Remix 12" Song: Come Close Remix Typed By: ThinkFree22@aol.com * * send corrections to the typist Fly Love, uh uh say what - repeat 6X [Verse 1: Common] I don't stress it baby, they say you got me dressin' crazy Eatin' veggies, wearin' shirts extra medium And if we break up, I'm a eat meat again? I feel complete with you Shit I held upside in the streets for you In the streets people ask about me and you I tell them "We go through what most people do" Lets, let go of fear love We can grow as long as my beard does You push me in the way you supposed to We ain't runnin' when we come close to you Chorus: Erykah Badu [Pharrell Williams](Common) Come Close to me (Come Close baby, Come Close ma) [Baby] (Let me hold you love, come closer love) Know this world gets (It gets crazy baby, it gets girl)[But] What's it without you, you, you, you? [Verse 2: Pharrell Williams] Eh, I know you used to watch me Rock Gouche and Versace But now I'm back to my skater roots I still got friends in them gator booooots But what's up with them hater dudes Ma, hating is OK with you? Why? Cuz they drive in them fancy cars Look, well I can ride you on my handle bars On my BMX baby I'm created with Tourette's baby My testicle's full of ecstasy When I think about you make them plead [Bridge: Erykah Badu] I know what you're thinking, you're on my mind You're right, you're right, you're right You promise so fast you just might take flight Hope your not tired, tonight, tonight [Verse 3: Q-Tip] I don't stress it girl They say that you and I are from different worlds You're from underneath the underground And I understood my Hip-Hop run to this position I don't stress it sweetie You write in cursive, I write in graffiti Opposites, not really we just customize For my turfs, hey I'm instructin' you to listen I'm sayin' it a rats ass I couldn't give Even though you're far away and my heart you live So bring your little sweet face closer to me And look into my eyes tell me what you see [Chorus] - repeat 2X [All Together] Fly love, uh uh say what - repeat 25X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Common f/ Kanye West Album: The Corner 12" Song: The Corner (Remix) Typed by: timm2014@hotmail.com [Verse One] [Kanye West] Let's take it back to basics When shit gets worse we Converse How we need a New Balance before the lines get crossed like Asics Just look at what we got If we don't shoot the Reebox This is a beat that no flow can detox Though the respect is due Like my Louie bag I don't wanna have to check you I'm shy as buck fifties and Pelle Pelle leathers So say My beats make The Bulls play better I say Black on black is the hate that hate made Sarah Lee with the doe, I'm talkin' bout the cake made McDonald's with the flow, served over a billion You seen the video, words over the buildin' Uh, I wish I could give you this feelin' I wish I could give you this feelin' And when the +Workout Plan+ ain't work out man Me and Common is back on +The Corners+ again On the corner The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Common f/ Kanye West Album: The Food 12" Song: The Food Typed by: akademik_geniuz_@hotmail.com [Intro - Common] Yeah! It's been a long time coming You know what they say Kanye Slow motion better than no motion [Chorus - Kanye West] I walked in the crib, got two kids And my baby mama late (uh oh! uh oh! uh oh!) So I had to did, what I had to did Cause I had to get (duh-ough! duh-ough! duh-ough!) I'm up all night, getting my money right Until the blue and white (po po! po po! po po!) Now the money coming slow, but a least a nigga know Slow motion better than (no-oh! no-oh! no-oh!) [Verse - Common] You love to hear the story, again and again About these young brothers, from the City of Wind Like juice and gin, in the city we blend Amongst the hustle, titties and skin, fifties and rims Y'all know the Sprewells and trucks that's detailed Heartless females that wanna ride in em Felt the southside venom in raw hides and denim Pimp minds collide wit em, a system that tries victims We living in, my man in the fast lane pivoting On the block white is selling like Eminem On the block it "Jump Off" like Kim and them On the block it's hot, you can feel it, in your skin and then Shorties get the game but no instructions to assembling Eyes bright, it seems like the fight is dimming them Call my man cuzo, like I'm kin to him He trying to stay straight, the streets is bending him [Verse - Common] It's all good in the hood, like raps and gems Throwbacks and Timbs, blacks and rims Whether on ball courts, attires of all sorts We never fall short, wit us it's our Force like And 1's Some waves, some air guns, the days of the fair one is over for Cats is colder than four below, wit self I go toe to toe Wondering if it's for the art or for the doe Though I know to grow a nigga gotta learn to let go Though I know the doe I got to bring back to the ghetto Arrows on Terot cards pointing to the grind Po' livin in more prisons, pointing to my mind, shine the light up Clench my fists tight, holding the right up Freedom fight in dark gear for the years to get brighter Situations, and jobs get tighter My man trying to get his weight and height up, c'mon! [Bridge - Kanye West] I - I know I could make it right If I could just swallow my pride But I can't run away or put my gun away You can't front on me I - no I can't let it ride No no not tonight See I can't run away or put my gun away You can't front on me [Verse - Common] I break bread wit thieves and pastors, OG's and masters Emcees and actors that seize and capture Moments like the camcorder You ain't killin it, yo that's man-slaughter Though paper can't change a man's aura It can feed a man's daughter I stand for the blue collar, on the side making a few dollars Like Sam Jack they maneuver through drama like [Bridge - repeat 2x] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Common f/ will.i.am Album: Freedom Writers Soundtrack Song: A Dream Typed by: dynamite9383@yahoo.com [Chorus: will.i.am] + (Sample from Martin Luther King's "I Have A Dream" speech) (I have a dream) I got a dream (That one day) We're gonna work it out (That one day) We're gonna work it out (That one day) We're gonna work it out (Repeat 2x) (I have a dream) I got a dream (That one day) That one day (That one day) I'ma look deep within myself, I gotta find a better way (I have a dream) [Bridge: will.i.am] My dream is to be free My dream is to be... My dream is to be... My dream is to be free [Common] The search of brighter days, I might be amazed of the madness Strugglers my address, where pain and crack lives Gunshots coming from sounds of blackness Given this game with no time to practice Born on the black list, told I'm below average A life with no carriage That's no money if you're from where I'm from Funny, I just want some of your son Dark clouds seem to follow me Alcohol that my pops swallowed bothered me, no apologies I walk with a boulder on my shoulder It's a cold war, I'm a colder soldier Hold the same fight that made Martin Luther the King I ain't using it for the right thing In between leaning the fiends, hustling schemes I put together pieces of a dream, I still have one [Bridge] [Common] The world see me looking in the mirror Images of me getting much clearer Dear self, I wrote a letter just to better my soul If I don't express, then forever I hold Inside, I'm from the side where we out of control Rap music in the hood play the fatherly role My stories like yours, yo it gotta be told Try to make it from a gangsta to a Dalia robe Where it scrolls and and stow slaves, and Jewish people in cold cage Hate has no color or age Flip the page, now my race became freedom Write dreams in the dark, they far but I can see 'em I believe in heaven more than hell, lessons more than jail In the ghetto, let love prevail with a story to tell My eyes see the glory, and well The world waiting for me to yell "I Have A Dream" [Bridge] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Common and Q-Tip Album: Get on the Bus soundtrack Song: The Remedy Typed by: OHHLA.com Yo, we all got different things we got to deal with. We always are trying to put the blame on something else rather than sometimes looking at ourselves, recognizing a lot of the stuff that happens...but if we look within ourselves, we could prevent a lot of this nonsense. It's about relating back to the essence, where it all stems from. I'm-a do my thing over this drum, like a native tongue. Verse one Q-Tip: Do what you will, if you feel that your steeze is real complicated with the skills over reel to reel brown skin is what i feel, my mind and body's appeal is to the no-frill mills, who hear the beats to chill constantly, I'm hearing Black Americans just sneering Looking for a leader who can fill us up with either Hitting us up with great emotional chat about the fact that the black is constantly held back Like 50 tracks back in a relay race and the white team's ahead so let's keep up the pace And I be needing something To feed my logical taste At the end of the race is there a paradise place? Yo, we can't get involved in what the next man is doing Material gain we put too much in persuing "Yo duke, I need this dough so we can step to this party" But we can all mardi grati Minus that shit in our body "What that got to do with that" 'Cause kid that's the essence, your physical presence embodies every lesson You can't run the Rolls Royce if the engine is busted. Can't even life the knife to cut the mustard. What we need to do first  Now listen to this verse Let's concentrate on our spiritual plate. Recognize your existence in this vast blue space From a tiny cloud of blood To the human beings with taste, sight, touch, smell and sound Let's deem it profound! And prioritize this cause it was Allah's wish "Allah? I'm God" "No I ddon't believe that. That's a mystery" "If God is so good why does shit be happening to me?" There's divinity within because we come from the divine A froce that's not seen But you feel it every time When the wind blows, and the world turns,  and the rain drops, and the baby cries and the bird flies, and the ground quake, and the stars gleam So many things are eident of its existence What we need to do is link it with persistence Once we recognize that, we can move ahead Native Tongue, Common Sense yo he's Hip-Hop bred... Common: From the spiritual world my former life has developed First person I lost close to me was Stella Some of my mellows Lost their mothers and their brothers For them I feel empathy But I ain't pouring out no liquor for no niggas I pour my heart out when I see Dot out on the deck Knowing two weeks ago he slapped-box with death I hear of niggas dying in the wind-in the news But when it's somebody you know it hits you and emotions get bruised I ain't been in your shoes,  I won't judge you for knocking Because the spirit of the ghetto says "You Gotta!" They snatch you again from rock flippin' Give back into the neighborhood, you better start kickin' Stickin' stores On the strip I'm tired of Arabs giving me my change back  Devil bomb my yesterday My tomorrow he never gave back I lay back, looking at the ceiling  Wonndering what can I do So my homie won't have to be dealing  Not cause you serving and I'm rapping I'm better Just different pieces to the puzzle of black life That we have to put together, better ourselves cause families we gotta raise No matter how long the money  Shorter become the days Men become like women and no difference in the season If you got popped five times You breathing for a reason Let's put the five tenure plan into progression Before we count our paper Count our blessings Artist: Common, Kool G. Rap, Mos Def, Pharoahe Monch, 	Pos, Rah Digga, Shabaam Sahdeeq, Sporty Thievz, T. Kweli Album: Hip Hop For Respect Song: One Four Love Pt. 1 Typed by: guru_afa@hotmail.com [Talib Kweli] Yo you sent out the signal right? And this is what happened The voice of Hip Hop got heard Never comprimised this is how we put it down c'mon [Kool G Rap] Throughout my thuglife I've seen the ??? Like ??? fight over the role of dice Flashing whole lights when killas on a hiest So contight, get poltergiest over the bowl of Christ Who pulled the slice from cats aiming gats who showed the hiest Told you right she be the one that come and hold your mic Then aim it at the whole vice squad just like ??? Rollin like every prototype was dolomight One man recall his ice inside his gun hand he holds for life [Rah Digga] This for the ones with holes in they graves Waitin for they piece when the law misbehave I say we off ??? watch 'em walk the beat Like you can't cross streets make them all retreat (now) Judges and the jury be a little to appointed Making us defendants when we supossed to be the plantiffs Laugh now cause soon the thrill stops Heads get it on and start to kill cops [Sporty Theivz] I'm sober but the pull me over What i do yo? (what we do yo?) Poe-poe go i'm drivin to slow (cool yo) I torin' them explorin them (damn) For them that's why i'm ignoring them (uh-oh) Bring like king skip Before they bring this to some Rodeny King shit Forget them fools Now make no sudden moves They reachin for they tools (let's move) You buggin dude Kirk you ran the stop, word them pigs frontin Yo tell like you tell 'em cousin we ain't did nothin All they see is three blacks in a jeep with seats back Lookin for ??? packs how the blood dog can eat that They thirstin for a reason to blast you can't beat that Gats and a badge to match you can beat that so bounce 'em [Mos Def] My people unite and let's all get down We gotta have what? love peace and understandin One god, One love, One light One aim, One voice, One fight My people unite, hop up and do it right We gotta have what? love peace and understandin One god, One love, One light One aim, One voice, One fight My people unite, hop up and do it right Do it right ya'll, keep it tight ya'll, do it right ya'll, just do it [Shabaam Sahdeeq] Blood on they hands, blood on my mans Destroying the fam More souljers die, another mother cries Anthony Buyers, ??? ???, Diallo Let it keep happenin and theirs more to follow It's even deeper then that penal shot in the back Forever we fight and cus but the world still adjust So many bullets just to stop one man Is that the plan, To leave us all dead in the street [Common] I'm an opponent of violence To many of my guys have to condome it in silence Law takes lives and can only do violence And with night sticks i write quick Hopin that [Talib Kweli and Common] I might hit somebody in the heart [Talib Kweli] Like an arrow with her eyes on a sparrow Yo i feel my peoples pain all in my bone marrow [Common] I'm tellin Pharoahe to let my folks go Ma's been singin to law like they background vocals [Talib Kweli] Local, state, federal cops have been payed properly To protect the property How can i just stand by and watch a man die for nothin and not react The way we spit on this track is how we bustin back [Common] Yo i pimp slap 5-0 Get behind them and make the marks drive slow [Talib Kweli] Yo, you wanna know how to improve on the quality life? Try respectin it step into my zone and maifest a check in it [Pharoahe Monch] Cops they transport me from Long island to Medina  with they fucked up demeanor Dreamin of stickin it to me like Abner Louima Pharoahe slash El-Hajj Malik Shabazz  with plans of retaliations of they coward ass God please allow me to preach for 'em A voiceless man through a spirit i speek for him Step to city hall if a dove flew for Diallo with a vision of cops inside the Public Enemy logo [Posdnous] All that scheming and plotting The young absorb like cotton does Ecspeacially in my city where the boys steady rockin in You would thought 5-0 would cut it all short But they play the biggest part in the art of living arms In our land cops guns clap more then hands As if we don't deserve what they hear to preserve We just tryin to do it right in these worlds that we rappin in While they trying to fill us all up with more lead then zepilin [Everyone Lead by Mos Def] My people unite and let's all get down We gotta have what? love peace and understandin One god, One love, One light One aim, One voice, One fight My people unite, hop up and do it right We gotta have what? love peace and understandin One god, One love, One light One aim, One voice, One fight My people unite, hop up and do it right My people unite and let's all get down We gotta have what? love peace and understandin One god, One love, One light One aim, One voice, One fight My people unite, hop up and do it right We gotta have what? love peace and understandin One god, One love, One light One aim, One voice, One fight My people unite, hop up and do it right My people unite and let's all get down We gotta have what? love peace and understandin One god, One love, One light One aim, One voice, One fight My people unite, hop up and do it right We gotta have what? love peace and understandin One god, One love, One light One aim, One voice, One fight Artist: Common, Dice Raw, Flo Brown, Jazzyfatnastees, Mos Def, The Roots Album: The Hurricane soundtrack Song: Hurricane Typed by: popsie@home.com Same story, same target, different time Cyclical reaction from the prisoners of the bilnd Trying to fight time, it's a battle of the mind Waiting for redemption, surviving in a bind Same story, same target, different time Cyclical reaction from the prisoners of the blind Trying to fight time, it's a battle of the mind Waiting for redemption, surviving in a bind [Black Thought] Yo, talk about paying the ultimate price Hurricane been incarcerated all of his life Started out at like twelve  Trapped in a belly of hell Grew into a man inside of a cell Yo, anger just swell up At a early age that develop Hot head and now it ain't shit y'all could tell him They said he's on a road to become a felon But instead he swung blows that'll spilt your melon He did his thing and was the king of the ring, undisputed Started making noise but they tried to mute it They put him through it For him to make the system look stupid, [yo] They rather look you in the face and shoot it And leave your spot looted [or what] Or leave your whole life blank futured and caught When you scream at it and do it With sweat leaking from the outline of your soluid Don't understand the point that you at Or how the hell you came to it? Flashback to images of that night, out in Patterson They pulled him over heading home from a gathering And when they told him the charge it kind of baffled him Murder in the first for the champ, we on that again? Chorus Hurricane Accuse a Hurricane Ain't change a damned shame It's life for Hurricane, Hurricane [Black Thought] *overtop of sung chorus* Forever, imagine your locked down forever      Could y'all stand the weather? Could you hold it together? You tell me that you know the pain Yo, imagine if your life was like a hurricane, a hurricane Forever, imagine your locked down forever Could ya'll stand the weather? You built for that weather? Yo, know what'm saying? Know what'm saying? [Common] You gotta fight for what you believe in Nobody knows the troubles seen This flick left me wondering 'What can become of kings and young kids?' Summer dream deferred, incident occured, freedom blurred A freedom that would only be retrieved again in words, later on The cops, y'all know what they be on A nigga's life is like a field that they play upon, away and gone from Natural lifer, a soul he had to fight, Learn it himself, sleep days, stay up half the night Amongst dead man walking, he got afterlife exercising, Developing his knack to write Never leaving his cell, in this world he trapped himself What he loved on the outside world, detached himself You know the cards Blacks get dealt by the system He drew a picture of freedom with many dimensions This picture proved to be bigger than Black and White A young soul named Lesra brought him back to life It's amazing to a man what a book could do And how certain books seem to look for you This is the story of a champion's fall and rise The story left me wiping my eyes Peace Ru Chorus Hurricane Accuse a Hurricane Ain't change a damned shame It's life for Hurricane, Hurricane [Black Thought] *overtop of sung chorus* Yo, yo, forever, imagine your locked down forever      Could y'all stand the weather? Could you hold it together? You tell me that you know the pain Yo, imagine if your life was like a hurricane, a hurricane Forever and ever yo, locked down forever Could you stand the weather? Yo, yo i can't even explain the pain Just imagine if your life was like a hurricane [Mos Def] Yes, I am the inescapable, the irresistable, The unnegotiable, the unchallenged [who dat?] I am time I scroll in measurements, control the elements, I hold the evidence, I tell the story [say what?] I am time I know no prejudice, I bare no sentiments For wealth or settlement, I move forward [who you?] I am time You can't recover me, conceal or smuggle me, Retreat or run from me, crawl up or under me, You can't do much for me besides serve Me well and have good dividends returned to you Or attempt to kill me off and have me murder you Many have wasted me but now they are facing me, Treated me unfaithfully and now endure me painfully Plaintively, I wait to see what history will shape to be, Who's hearts will never die inside the sake of me Angel's scribe the page for me, Keep a full account of all the names for me And make a special mark for Hurricane who (?) patiently Chorus Hurricane Accuse a Hurricane Ain't change a damned shame It's life for Hurricane, Hurricane [Black Thought] *overtop of sung chorus* Yo, yo, a Hurricane forever, Imagine your locked down forever      Could you stand the weather? Could you hold it together? I can't even explain the pain Imagine if your life was like a hurricane, a hurricane Forever, imagine your locked down forever and ever, ever Could you hold it together? Yo, can't explain the pain with words, know'm saying? Just imagine if your life was like a hurricane [Verse 4] The clouds clashed and the heaven's gave birth to star God placed it in a man on the day he was born Convicted minutes after, a true natural disaster Framed for manslaughter, the Hurricane Carter rising From out the south water, like torrential rains In the ring no opponent escaped unscathed You can't believe the world we live in's injust All I see is more proof, there's no place for us They had my man Carter locked in a cage, like an animal Drive him to the point where the mind work mechanical Or works by remote control  It was done to all of us, they tapped directly into our soul Either it's sing-sing, or it's bars around your mind There's no where to run, no where to hide In a six-by-six a guilty man cries For repentance and lost is what innocence is Same story, same target, different time Cyclical reaction from the prisoners of the bilnd Trying to fight time, it's a battle of the mind Waiting for redemption, surviving in a bind Same story, same target, different time Cyclical reaction from the prisoners of the blind Trying to fight time, it's a battle of the mind Waiting for redemption, surviving in a bind Chorus Hurricane Accuse a Hurricane Ain't change a damned shame It's life for Hurricane, Hurricane [Black Thought] *overtop of sung chorus* Your locked down forever      Could you stand the weather? Could you hold it together? I can't even explain the pain, know'm saying? Your life was like a hurricane, a hurricane Forever, imagine behind bars forever Could you stand the weather? You built for that? Is you cut for that? Don't be telling me that you know the pain Your life was like a hurricane, yo Same story, same target, different time Cyclical reaction from the prisoners of the bilnd Trying to fight time, it's a battle of the mind Waiting for redemption, surviving in a bind Same story, same target, different time Cyclical reaction from the prisoners of the blind Trying to fight time, it's a battle of the mind Waiting for redemption, surviving in a bind The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Common Album: One-Nine-Nine-Nine 12'' Song:	Like They Used to Say Typed by: Nature2QBC@aol.com "Like they used to say" *repeated in background* [Common] We dealin wit some very critical and crucial times Some of the most critical and crucial times I've ever seen I wrote Stoney Island on my guy  He was tryin me about the S-I-E experience Tried to tell him about the C-S-E experience, you know? Yo I'm the rap profession, I go the session Study MC's like a god do lessons Mic testin in the rain, I brainstorm You feelin me out nigga? We got the same form I drop heavy in spots you scared to put your weight There's only so much ice you can skate on Shit cats right for you, you say wrong No time to debate on, who's your pop and who's not Or who shot Big and Tupac Or who this stud fuckin or how much this crew got That's hoe shit That ain't me or the type of niggas I roll wit I Cold Get Dumb, like a brother in prison Who hasn't had a chance to hold his son Sacrificin like Abe did his oldest son Tryin to hold my come, I think of raps Seen the BDP cover and I start thinkin back to * "Silly Hoes" sample* say what? "Like they used to say" "Kool G Rap and Polo, back again" [Kool G Rap] Yeah "Like they used to say" * "Ain't No Half-Steppin" sample* yeah "Like they used to say" (Dig it, like they used to say) *Biz Markie sample* "Like they used to say" [Common] I walk through triple darkness wit a childproof lighter All your homeboys'll bite us, so what's up wit that? Your producer pumped the track Told him, "Naw, I can't fuck wit that" Nice way of sayin "Big, bring a rougher track" My ball in my ear said "Enough of that humble rap" Now every single you drop I'ma double that Jigga-jigga Joe cut the record down to My sound surround you like racism, you feel it all around you I go into a soundproof booth and change flows Track the strange hoes wit headwraps and Bangols Hip-hop is gettin strangled by this Puff Combs syndrome Niggas Been Around The World actin like they never been home I ain't hatin cuz I can only love niggas It's just outta the game, I wanna sub niggas I be dub figure rusty to adjust the in-dustry And speak up, like when my homey's musty Here we go yeah * "Roxanne Roxanne" sample* yeah, dig it "Like they used to say" "You don't want it" [T-La Rock] "Like they used to say" "F-R-E-S-H" [Fresh 3 MC's] "Like they used to say" "My Adidas, walk through concrete doors and broke" [Run-DMC] "Like they used to say" [Common] Yo *repeating "zen zen zen zen" for about 20 sec.* "Like they used to say" 3x Yo yo check it Appreciate the art that came through Puerto Ricans and Blacks Speakin the facts, the sound is much deeper than wax Dug Inf, Luke Lumberjack I'm keepin the axe Layin on passed out nights wakin up reekin wit raps Geek like the Fat Boys ?produce the feeb? in fat In shows I get more hoes/holes than a seam in the matt Raps develop like film (so what?) so call me Instant Common This business of pimps and hoes, I stick out like Bishop Juan Talk to my nigga Ron about openin shops Holdin up cops, I'm from the 'Go, it don't stop Contract ain't show enough options, it's time to pop guns It's gon' be some Shook, Lost and popped Ones Askin How Come like Wyclef, they'll be Gone before November (yeah) Name'll be in sentences wit the word "remember" Wrote a letter to '88, let's get back, love me tender The letter came back three days later, return to sender Damn!  "Like they used to say" "Hot damn hoe here we go again" [MC Lyte] "Like they used to say" "I want it like that, I got it like that, I have it like that" [Kool Keith] "Like they used to say" "You gots to chill" [PMD] "Like they used to say" "Boyz in the hood are always hard" [Eazy E] "Like they used to say" "One for all and all" [Brand Nubian] "Like they used to say" "Zoom zoom zoom, zoom zoom zoom zoo zoom" [MC E-Z] "Like they used to say" "I get money, money I got" [Milk-D] "Like they used to say" "Plug one, plug two" [De La Soul] "Like they used to say" "For all the pioneers, I'm goin way back" [Just-Ice] "Like they used to say" "I think that's about as far back as we can go" [Just-Ice] "Like they used to say" 3x "Yo what happened to the beats" [Eric B.] "Like they used to say" PEACE!!! "Like they used to say" "Like they used to say" The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Common (Sense) Album: Relativity Urban Assault Song: The Bitch In Yoo (Yeah, for your nation...  for your nation...) Verse One: A bitch nigga wit an attitude named Cube Step to Com wit a feud Now what the fuck I look like dissing a whole coast You ain't made shit dope since AmeriKKKa's Most Wanted to cease from the Midwest to the East On the dick of the East for your 1st release Your lease is up at the crib, house niggaz get evicted And videos wit white boys talking you get Wicked Natural Born Killa, nigga you natural born God Look, read listen, got the nerve to say you rob Hyprocrite, I'm filling out your Death Certificate Slanging bean pies and St Ide's in the same sentence Shoulda repented, on the 16th of October Get some beats besides George Clinton to rock over Rap career is over, better off acting What trouble I see, you're managing WC and Wack 10 You backed in to a four corner hustla Lying on your dick, said you was fuckin her Use Higher Learning, don't take my words out of text Went from gangsta to Islam to the dick of Das EFX It'll take the Nation of Millions to Hold Me Back From giving you mouth shots or hit wit the pipe Ralph got When sucker ain't around, it's your Friday, it was good I wasn't salty, she was wit the Boyz N the Hood Chorus: I see the bitch in you when you don't speak your mind The bitch in you, looking me in my eyes lyin I see the bitch in you, simply hard, you find The bitch in you but yo it's coming out Verse Two: Up on this rap shit, Cube, I'm calling out I break in and smack niggaz that's in the Slaughterhouse This ain't no East coast, West coast, none of the above I'm from Chi, I went to Cali, niggaz gave me love There's a thin line between the fake and the real Grafted ass nigga, I see through your Glass Shield Had skills once upon a time on this project, yo I'm a have ta wreck a Ho'shea I heard a ho say you her favorite rapper (So what) so I had to slap her, ugn And violate you, a Muslim drinking brew Your nigga ain't no Mack 10, he's a 22 I seen you, you ain't say shit to ATL Cube, I like that diamond charm, I might cuff it, then sell It out, like you sold Kam and Threat A year ago, you wasn't talking shit about the West Guess you knew you're shit was done plus the one got you cable Hoo Bangin, you ain't banging shit but the table And the Circle Madd, ain't got no choice but to fight Ain't none of y'all muthafukas got a chance on the mic Anytime you come out, yo, I'm a talk about you Until you let that bitch in you, walk up out you Any last words before I hit the switch From the immortal words of one, a bitch is a bitch Chorus The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Common Sense Album: Resurrection 12" Song: Resurrection '95 Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro] Yeah I'ma get this one off for Eighty-Seven Street South side of Chicago, Chicago everywhere check it It's like c'mon y'all, get live get down Common Sense is in your town I said c'mon y'all, get live get down Common sense is in your town [Verse One] I stagger in the gathering possessed by a patter-in That be scatterin Over the globe will my vocals be travellin Unravellin my abdomen it's slime that's babblin Grammatics that are masculine I grab them in, verbally badgerin broads I wish that Madelline, was back on Video LP Raps I make up like blacks do excuses I feel like Noah, hookin my mellows up on deuces If a broad ain't got a mind or job or crib she useless Acoustic basslines embrace rhymes while I chase mines They say signs of the end is near I wonder can I walk a righteous path holdin a beer Got more verses than a Kramer, go off like a pager Skills uglier than Craig Mack in your ear I'm the flavor My old bird said some of my songs sound like noise Don't watch the Bulls as much, they got too many white boys A million black men walkin, towards one direction For sure, the cream of the planets... resurrection [Verse Two] A prophet, raised among black disciples and Vice Lords Who don't give a fuck about mic cords and nice swords get up, together black wrists get cuffed I'm wishin for a change, my man want his change in a cup Yessir, I'm in the Mix-a-Lot Bitches put em on the glass while I'm puttin stickers on they ass I rule everything around me like cash On the rocks of reality, dreams get smashed In jams I M*A*S*H like Alan Alda Niggaz nod, they say hey as if I was Little Walter Eighty-Seven strip walker taught the code of the area by staying, within the barrier Exposed to stony stimuli, with that I identify Brothers went through my rotate solidify the realness Skull-caps, Murf Puffy jacket, Lug boots on Steppin to me is like goin to the county being a Neutron [Verse Three] I ride the rhythm like a Schwinn bike When in dim light I use insight to enlight then write some shit that's skin tight Words of wisdom wail from my windpipe Imagination's in flight I send light, like Ben's kite I've been bright Get open like on gym nights And in fights I send rights Don't hook with skins my friends like I spend nights up in dykes I've been indicted as a freak of all trades I got it made I bathe in basslines, rinse in riffs, dry in drums Come from a tribe of bums Hooked on negro and mums Had to halt with the, malt liquor Cause off the malt liquor I fought niggaz Now my speech and thoughts quicker Cruisin Southside streets with no heat and no sticker U Ak got my back and we don't get no thicker Eighty-Seven got my back and we don't get no thicker Chicago got my back and we don't now check it I'm a ho but not a ho nigga Ain't scared of no nigga  But it's my turn to go I gotta go And I'm gone with the storm The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Common f/ Marsha Ambrosius, Bilal Album: The Smirnoff Signature Mix Series Song: The Light '08 (It's Love) Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com [Common - Intro] Shout outs to J Dilla Just Blaze... It's love...Common... [Common - Verse 1ne] I never knew a love, love, a love like this It's sorta like the love that's played in tennis Limitless, when intimate friends express it I talked to the Most, and I know he blessed it The cadence of destiny, patience, and ecstacy we can be fresh on the, cover of Ebony But this is somethin special we ain't tryna exploit wit a couple a actresses, now I'm in the tabloids Like bad boys, real love moves in silence About out bih'ness, family bih'ness stay private Don't sweat the small stuff girl, cause we both giants I looked into your eye's and I see divine vibrance The way that Prince, Minnie Rip' and Joni Mitch' described it A beautiful package, what's even better is inside it Alive with the feelings that I'm feelin' with you Forever became real, but even realer with you - it's love [Chorus: Marsha Ambrosius] It's love, it's love everytime I think about your smile Anytime I need you by my side, you were there for me 'cause you are THE LIGHT, that shiiiiines and I want the world to see, that you are THE LIGHT that shines, you are my life Loooove... [Common - Verse 2wo] It's important we communicate and watch this relationship illuminate the world Black pearl in you is a lover and friend Picture how your name will sound with the last name Lynn Put a prayer in the air, that it never'll end and if so, when we come back, it'll be better again I will be by your side through the smile & laughs, The child we have, even when the clouds is bad I know your heart had been broken by a love that pass and when you're not lookin, that's when love can grab Sometimes you gotta ask, "Are we movin too fast?" Ain't no limit to a love, that's given from above Mean fish, collard greens, corn bread, you be rockin it Similar values, though in many ways we opposite Attracted to your 'uh', and the way that you be poppin it Brighten my life reminded me to stay positive - it's love [Common - Verse 3hree] It's kinda fresh you listen to more than hip-hop Pop, rock, and Green Day, respectin what the King say For me to give a ring, hey, only a queen may Invites to loved ones, imagine a dream day Walkin down the aisles sayin vows, us eternal. Til thus do us, for now we stay fertile Chicka-uh, chicka-uh, chicka-chicka-ta uh Let's keep creatin baby, what we makin' is love [Bridge: Bilal] Love is like a melody Looked into her eyes and see A night that shines as bright as day All my troubles drift away, The liiiiight, the liiiight, the liiiight (Looked into her eyes and see) The liiiiiight, the liiiiight, the liii-hiii-hi-hiiiiight {Marsha Ambrosius harmonizes as "Once again, it's the light!" is scratched} [Just Blaze] You have somebody...don't be embarrassed, don't be afraid Put 'em close, let 'em know.. You might not get another chance, trust! (There is a liiiight, that shiiiines...ooooooh whoooooo-whoooa...) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Common f/ Bilal Album: Smokin' Aces Original Soundtrack Song: Play Your Cards Right Typed by: danielgshin@gmail.com Yeah... ohhh... (3x) [Bilal - Chorus] Ohhh... Everything's gone be alright If you play your cards right Everything's gone be alright... [Common - Verse 1] It's do or die, your looking through the eye of a revolver I revolve around the world, a problem solver Alter your ego, and the way your walkin' Talk to people, still I stay regal Read through the bullshit Sometime to make peace, you need a full clip Roll dice with niggas who got bricks at a good price Talk shit, give good advice, rollin' through the 'hood right It's the good life, like T.I. said Gettin' it, how could I not be fed Get bread, get dough, get fed, get mo' In the old school Lincoln, thinking I sit low Let problems burn slow away I yearn for the day that it won't go gray Remember we were kings, back in the day Still can be, depending on the cards you play [Bilal - Chorus 1 (repeat 2x)] If you play (if you play), your cards right (cards right) Everything... gone be alright (well... alright (3x)) [Common - Verse 2] I ain't playin' with a full deck The government won't let me get a full check I'm taxin' marks, I got more heart than clubs The black spade, givin' 'em darker love Make 'em strip, like poker poker mag in his face You tried to smoke my ace, you know the stakes It's high like the ace is Get your squad face down like cards, before they get a facelift You get robbed, better yet jacked for diamonds Leave you victimless, like Jack in "Shining" Blocked your bluff, now your respect is stolen Took your chips, led my guys in Texas Hold 'Em Rolled the strips of Vegas, with money boss players Stacey Adams of different flavors, we major Gangstas and hustles, living moviestar life Dealt a bad hand, but I played my cards right [Bilal - Chorus 1 (repeat 2x)] If you play (if you play), your cards right (cards right) Everything... gone be alright (well... alright (3x)) [Bilal - Chorus 2 (repeat 2x)] Ohh... If you play (if you play), your cards right (cards right) Everything's... gone be alright (well... alright (3x)) [Bilal - Accapella] Yeah... Ohhh... Everything's gone be alright, if you play your cards right Everything's gone be alright... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Common Sense f/ Ynot Album: Soul By the Pound 12" Song: Can-I-Bust? Typed by: scott_rodkey@hotmail.com "If you put a bunch of rappers with their notebooks against Ynot and Common Sense, they will be lynched" The Late Show! (And you don't stop!) Common Sense! (And you don't stop!) U-Ack!   (And you don't stop!) Them there! (And you don't stop!) [Common] I'm not tall, but can I bust? Like the double dutch, going down the street I rap to myself when there ain't no one to rap to And to me, yo, my shit be sounding sweet It's like doo wop, doo wop, oop I chew with my group, eating chicken and we're couped in a hoop Deee! Somebody's breath is smelling boo- Teee! Tone, is that you? (I don't think so) I'm one time, two times, three times a lady Bay-beh, bay-beh, bay-bee Ha! I be making happy, ladi de, ladi da When I was a boy I said "Oh" but now I'm a man saying "Ah" Cha cha cha, who knows where the mouth goes Yeah nigga, I'm fly, so keep your fucking mouth closed Ralph goes "Rasheed" and I be saying "Boo!" Bitches welcome back Common with the "Oooh oooh ooh" And this is how I wreck it, doo doo doo doo doo doo doo This is how I wreck it, do doo doo do doo Now one two check it, I'm as Def as a Leppard It could be, it should be, it is? Holy cow! I'm grand slamming slamming like the ?common Billy section? Not the Godfather, but I lounge like a stepper Breatha, breaks it, 8, we wait (Ch ch chaa) I got scratch like a DJ I used to want to be like, I used to want to be like Mike, but the man in the mirror don't know if he's black or white And that makes me mad (Backwards scratching) Who's bad? [Ynot] Now can I bust in this era, I'm a plus like addition And listen, I'm dishing out ish like a chef The love is the Late Show, showing you the ladies You late on the show? Oh we the greatest show? You right To might right, raise, to my left, boom bap In the back, Blazay Blah, so get the fuck out my face Oh what a disgrace, you can't disgrace Boys I'll erase you boys to mincemeat Human means T, O's, N's, why's this is just a tease before my album No bum acts out, I'm out to parlay you Fritos Corn chips off the block, so bust it down, just bust the sound Exciting as a big zap I frighten those biting when Lord jabber tighten when tighten taken to loose Ynot's no loser but I lost your real mind I find you, finder's keeper's so you mind too Your mind can't match mine when I do mine Call mine, my mouth is a fucking gold mine Bought y'all like monster malls, I get ate like the balls I got to rhyme, too, I climb you like a stepson No weapon, but I got a rep, son, for taking fakes to the towel Snakes in my file Foul ish, I'll sit down all stand-up comic rappers Who diss now but don't understand fashion Fasten your seatbelts til heat melts to ice T.O.N.Y.'s backwards, nevertheless I attack nerds, fuck what you heard, hambone Hey, gone when I finish, women and niggas say "Damn, Tone" That's busted 	Bust it out, chant chant 	Common Sense you know is running things 	Late Show you know is running things 	You ain't seeing us though we running things 	Yeah, you know they running things [Ynot] Usually I'm the second voice, this time I'm the first choice In the rhyme, I'm no prancer, so what? Momma mock me, here's your time to jock, G, no jacking Don't pack no axe like a savage I ran the track stars back to their crate, create craters In they ass, I'm holding one for fun One tht plays golf, can't raise play tennis Women plays croquet, and Blazay plays the cut Still make the women say "Hey" Yodle lay hey hee hoo, in my way dead Yo I lay she hoo, in my bed Ask Common, I did your momma, nah I took it easy Gave it hard hell, on a scale from 1 to 10 I'm rich, I own a Jet, Ebony, and Essence And Essence say I'm strong cause with the pen I've been a Bad Boy A sad boy, I call your girl 13 cause she's good Should I say more? I see more, I see more >From sea shore to sea shore, I sell my yacht and play Yatzee Ynot's the posse, dressing tight, yo I'm friendly Who's the master, the weak-minded say I rock too strong The short-winded say I rhyme to long So niggas told me, "Please let me go to the peasants" No, let me stop, chow, baby [Common] Baby, baby, baby, POP! Kids call me coffee because I *jugga jugga jugga* drop! And you don't stop, don't put on the red light While I rock player, I coach more (niggas) than John Thompson I'm in your town, George, I got it made like Florance I'm getting bigger than the lips on Martin Lawrence Kiss *Mmuah, mmuah* It's like, it's like this A Sermon like Erick, did a B.A.P. just like Tists Well, I'm not Jehovah, but can I get a witness? I shoot the gift rapping, then wish you a Merry Christmas With he quickness is how I rip this, can you dig it? Well if not, then dig this, this is the way the way that I flow The pimp of hip-hop, I make you say "Ho!" I know you hear me knocking, like I said, like I said And this is the story about a man named Jed Got some lead for those hefiers, and those heifers yo I rip it out My weapon, double decker, come from 1, I'm from 87 And I do work undercover like a cop Stop in the name of Com before I break your arm Plus I'm down with the U-Ack ??? and Bushman Peace to the Beatnuts, peace to the Pharcyde Yeah, you know what time it is Yeah, that's how it is (The silliness continues til the end) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Common Sense Album: Soul By the Pound 12", Resurrection 12" Song: Soul By the Pound (Remix) Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Chorus: repeat 2X] "Boom it and you boom it and you boom it in your jeep" - Q-Tip "Type of shit that hit when you pump it in your trunk" - Puba "Boom it and you boom it and you boom it in your jeep" - Q-Tip "Ba-bump, ba-bump, make your speakers pop!" - Reggie Noble [Common] I'm as bad, bad as Leroy Brown, Brown I'm a pro p-pro, but not a noun n-noun If you got beef, beef, you get ground, ground Cut up in soul, soul, by the pound for pound I'm going downtown like Julie Brown, I'm the round mound not of rebound, but like a hound, I get down Never wore a leash but I'm a show ya How loose is my goose, got more soul than combat boots ("I got soul, you got it!") That's why I came They keep callin me, man, they keep callin me, they call my name Ese I can't - give it away, give it away now! or say when, say what?! Or say how Shh okay between you and me man what's all this white rap? +I Got the Power+ and I just, I just might +Snap+ Bum ba-bum, bum bum!! Think fast... cause I'm the Ramadan Ahoy-he-hoy-he, I'm Fat Boy Shibidabibidabee, boom boom, I'll be the bad boy Having a party, but I'm not a democrat Spoiled as a child, but now I'm milk like similak Don't have Cinemax, because my cable's pirated Bug out wit the rhyme, try to swat and I'll get fly wit it For pest control, I suggest some soul As far as dick I got it but I have no breath control So gimme a T.O. baby like umm, Chris Webber I got myself together Now I'm straight, are you straight, if you straight, then I'm straight Rock me tonight, just for old time's sake [Common] Roll to the rock, rock to the roll Can't no A&R tell me that I ain't got soul C'mon, can I get a clap? Can't you see I'm trapped, and I'm so confused Dues is gettin paid but what about the bills I wanna make some dough yet I wanna show my skills Do you even know where I'm goin? I ain't scared of you motherfucker, though I am of the Omen I jam like a Colt but make note, I'm not Koresh cause I control minds with rhymes So FBI don't test, I got a no. 2 pencil and I'm a scribble all over your faaaace! You see I don't pack no gat I didn't see CB4 'cause I heard that shit was wack Like +Chris+ I +Rock+, I'm strapped like my jock Peace to No ID and my nigga Why Not! Check it [Common] Whoopee, look at me, I'm hipper than a hippie Chicks flyer than the boots, so all the MC's say you make me sick Well go see the doctor, in your car, rock my tune Wit the Boom shak lak lak boom I'll fire on a cracker, bayow, watch where the sparks went Fatter than Dre, a Lover like Ed, super as Clark Kent So gimme the +Lane Lois+ as I change clothes without a booth And ride like this, like woof The roof is on fire, it's not an LA riot I got more ho, ho ho's than the jolly green giant Large as the Professor and I'm never faking funk cock Fat as heavy metal yet I'm harder than punk rock So take me to a land I know not too far away I got skills like +Tim+ and I'm coming in a +Hardaway+ So keep the crossover, Common is a b-boy While you be dragging last, I be kicking like Bruce Leroy Sho' nuff! Yo I got the stuff that tops the stove And I am about to explo-o-o-ode Who was that masked kid, that's what'cha ask kid Petey Wheatstraw, Cutthroat, Lonnie or Rashid But oh no, this was Common with his soul glow Coming from Chicag- but yo I gotta go-o The go, check, check the go (ha-ha) The go, check check the go (yeah) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Common Album: Soul in the Hole soundtrack Song: High Expectations Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Yo, yo, check it Unattached and calm, sundaes and pills I palm with intentions to make it to the league Intrigued by two-letter cars, SE's and GS'ses On the court niggaz I leave like messages Plagued by this ball-player exorcist It's sort of foul how the world be reffin us Kenny is our Moses in this five-on-five Exodus For the game of life, full courts ain't preppin us Schools want me, but the ghost of Manigault haunts me Plus they wanna crib me, way out in the country I'm city like street lights and some games that be fights Never worked on my left so it's hard to be right Either rich poor or Mike is who I wanna be like Story of many black males that I refuse to rewrite Yo, brothers opinions is Bias-ed, like Len that I'll end up like Ben, Wilson, still some pretend to be friends Beneath the grin I see the ?gin spoke up and assure a? More so than my soul, my jump shot is purer People play juror, I witness the fall of legends Once was the joint now they restin got a God given present My gallant talent is like a magic trick turned by a chick with a bad habit Opportunity to move I grab it Me and my moms have static, now I wreak Hennesey and havoc Man to man talks with Kenny, send me to a zone Been on my own for so long, my vocal tone's grown Competition gets blown like speakers when I cross her like Jesus out of bleachers, broads and beepers Yeah I boogey it's all good, but it could be better Want to stay eighteen forever But now I stay on point like Rod in this Strickland If Brooklyn courts was the canvas, then I would be the big man From thoughts that pennies bring, I assemble teams like the Kenny Kings Think fast over breaks, dialect I'm dribbling Remembering, night posters of Moses and the Supreme Court Realizing, that rap and life are team sports I follow deep thoughts Moves never perceived thought lyrical Johnny Cochran cause of the way I free thought The system make a nigga think to make it that he need sports or either to the tip he gotta resort my seed'll be taught to start his own In the, George Carter zone Don't wanna be a dope MC living in his momma's home Or speaking to my fans in a starving artist tone Unknown zones I roam with mind architechter Spark the lecture, emphasizing to let God direct ya The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Common f/ Sadat X, Talib Kweli Album: Soundbombing 2 Song:	1-9-9-9 Typed by: Nature2QBC@aol.com "Still gettin mine, in the" "ONE" "NINE" "NINE" "NINE"  *sample cut and played in background* [Talib Kweli] Yo, just relax, take it easy slow down I had this, I had this friend of mine Who just, you know, he was movin too fast, yaknawimsayin? I told him to slow down, he said the sun don't chill I said, I said still, I said still, you gotta Just appreciate life, sit back, don't let it fly right past you No matter what go on I'm still gettin mine No matter the year, no matter the place, no matter the time [Common] Check it, it's like I'm fightin for freedom, writin for freedom These record company niggas I don't like when I see em My ancestors, when I'm writin I see em, and talk wit em Hopin in the promise land I can walk wit em Shitted on, so many rappers it's like I'm in the stall wit em Molest concepts, start rhythm, paid dues, bought wisdom As legends fall my godmother answer heaven's call Preachers' daughters get fucked in the reverand's hall MC's reckless ?I ball? why y'all wanna go and do that? Must've thought I was solo, the name just ain't the U-Ac No mo', still together Like in the ghetto photo wit one nigga in the chair Holdin liquor in despair, gang signs in the air I shine in spaces where time is just a glare Hold the mic like a memory Niggas say I'm nice wit metaphors but these are similes Street ministry, my poetry's a penitentiary, track is visitation Sentences is life, I'm like chief up in this demonstration Still... "Still gettin mine, in the" "ONE" "NINE" "NINE" "NINE"  *sample cut and played in background 4X* [Sadat X]*in background during sample* Check it out, everyday ha yeah This how we gon' do it for y'all Common Sense, Sadat X puttin something in your ear Something for you to grab For the whole world, yaknowimsayin, but it ain't free It's a fee, check it out You squirm wit this coughin, whippin cough Six days of madness and you might throw me off On this great ball of stress that they call the earth I'ma show y'all in rhyme just how much shit I been through And all the place I went to, always played the low It's like a competition, this mission here I'm tellin you Slip up and rhyme-ass niggas here is fellin you Crash courses, slow down you can't learn that quick Cuz I'm the dead eye, wit the red eye, from Chi to L-I I thought y'all knew, every year I grew, I'm still growin And in a year or two I hope my girl'll be showin A male seed, praise God I name him Moses I lead people I want him to, that's why I chose this Now is the glass half-full or half-empty Common, why they tempt me? The king of the simply, bore in mic I always stay on top cuz I give niggas what they like I know y'all hate that why I feel I owe y'all everyday If y'all hear it a thousand times, it's gon' be the same way The 'Dat-Father, go farther, why bother Now I'm a peaceful man, I don't want no stress You know I'm still... "Still gettin mine, in the" "ONE" "NINE" "NINE" "NINE"  *sample cut and played in background 3X* [Common] Yo yo, some get Range Rovers, some religion change-over Angel on my main shoulder tellin me remain sober Token nigga, game's over ain't no payola in freestyle In battles, I'm warring/Warren like a G-Child Searchin for the child in me, this style in me This release is like the piece that's now in me They tried to 'sassinate me god, like Martin on the bal-cony Lyrically I put a hit on em, cuz I'm the style-Nitty Catch a flick at the Liquid Kitty Tryin to get a chick to kick it wit me till the tilt Told her my Chamber's like Wilt Built wit her for a sec, let her know I had respect Less than a hour she was givin me neck, yo I'm still gettin mine... "Still gettin mine, in the" "ONE" "NINE" "NINE" "NINE"  *sample cut and played in background 4X* Artist: Zap Mama f/ Common, Talib Kweli Album: Zap Mama Song: Yelling Away Typed by: ihda2@hotmail.com [Talib] Ok, its the emcee extraordinaire Talib Kweli Chillin on Soundbombing 3, with my peoples From the East, Cypha Soundz, from West, Mr. Choc This is how we do it, I got y'all back, y'all got mine Let's do this- no more music motherfuckers [laughing] [Zap Mama- Chorus] Yelling, yelling, yelling away Going, going, going away And fly, away [Talib] Yo, fly in it Blue skies the limit, the skies infinite It reflect in the eyes of those who try to send spies in it Capture the sun if they could, but they go blind by it Look in the sky and I see Africa's eyes in it The land is dry like the cry in'finite The tear we shed grow to fruit til the eye replenish The industry wanna try to give my rhyme a sentence Behind bars with my rhymes diminished, they tryna end us But all them clowns do is give my mind a senate To watch my people's enemy die in my presence Fly away on the highest adventure out on the line And enter the gate of Zion, need to decide who sent em' I went through the jungle (yeah) Stalking like a black panther, rap's answer to that cancer Choking the life out the hood They won't let a man emancipate his people This refreshing like the spray of the bay in Puerto Rico [Chorus] x2 [Zap Mama] All the things, you desire Earth...wind...water, fire These elements hammer nice together See, you can find it there Find it there [Chorus] x2 [Common] Yo, I came into this world as the naked truth A little baby girl, trying to make it through Through this earth, wind, fire and water That I'm someone's daughter Cadence of divine order Sorta sent to let the people know their times spent It's precious and we can't keep our minds bent On just the pleasures of sex, drugs, wine, bread In essence, we one with the environment Though I've been here, less than a year Being so close to god, I guess I haven't learned the fear When I heard nature telling me, time to come home Told my mind this is the path for you to walk, not to run on Understand the night, to reach a higher day Follow yourself so you can fly away (fly away) Fly away dawg, fly away dawg, fly away dawg, fly away dawg [Zap Mama] You are feeling, the stress But in life, you're truly blessed Go...for...nothing less Spread your wings and fly away Fly away [Chorus] x4 [Zap Mama] Go...for...nothing less (x3) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Common f/ Hi-Tek Album: Tekzilla 12" * Song: Tekzilla Typed by: almost_chinese@hotmail.com * may originally have been meant to appear on "Hi-Teknology" [Common] On the streets on the side I look a man in his face eye to eye And wonder why I don't wanna die I hope you don't wanna die So why bring it my way? "Common Sense in a ghetto in Chicago" [Common] Yo Tekzilla You know I ain't the type to play killa But this day still arrives in my mind like a flight on down Thursday night had plans to be out Till the night served daylight But it ain't happen Rappin' to myself cause there wasn't noone to rap to This feeling came to me like somebody lookin' at you There was these cats who me and my crew boxed against Gotta - spotted the glock now the nigga's got some confidence Cause I'm Common Sense and I rap consciousness He was prop to dis mad cause my guy used to knock his bitch I could sense he was tryin' to bring it But I wasn't ready to receive it In fact I made him leave it Before he could achieve it As we rolled through the streets of cottage grove And reach the stoplight Behind me, he flashed lights bright, sorta cop-like I'm thinkin' Tupac-like cause he got out the car I was taught only to fight in defense or the in will of Allah And ain't no talking when it's time to spar So before he popped some shit I did ??I act my shit is solo?? Back his lady trying to hold him like big pun I stowed 'em and told 'em I ain't'a shoot I just punch a lot Between blows this nig' tried to up his glock His brother watched spooked like a daddy on teenage love He got 'buked til my tape I got sing like a dove Got his dome into her My fist brought back the one hand Tried to pop it musta been a nine cause the gun jammed Unplanned I disarm this trick nigga Pistol-whipped his ass, his lady's I was palmin' it Hollered '87 reign dominant Needed a fight that night Me and my woman had a argument "I guess I should tell you a little something about myself" "I bang with the big boys, those who obey" [Common] Hey now why you gotta hold yo' thang? Scared to shoot, scared to shoot Shoot for the revolut- yo Peace y'all Common Sense and Hi Tek Traveling the world it's just a day in the life Of real niggas The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Common, Slick Rick Album: Whiteboyz Soundtrack Song: Don't Come My Way Typed by: KingST3@yahoo.com [Common] Yeah yeah You know, Slick, why do he wanna come crib Acting like he know how the brothers live? We have to let 'em know We have to let 'em know Heeeeere we go Behold a pair of white horses on the Death Wish course Been watching MTV, reading articles in The Source Lost on the other side of the river Where death approaches the livest nigga  I wonder why this wigga  Would even come around my tilt With grandmothers cry, uncles get high, and cats get pealed My guys will deal with him, he got no rhythm So let the steel hit him, we speaking jail diction Hoe work and day oppression Turn up the bass and let the system thump So my neighbors won't hear the sparks as the lead gets pumped Its a pre-(?) agreement in the cement jungle Kill each other over money and white boys for fun [Female Singer] Don't come my way Hawks feel the day Things don't change, oh no Don't you come my way Come my way See the day, oh no [Slick Rick] Little family so a junky living act as Started smoking crack to fill the void within my black ass 1999, rolling as some broke cat These white kids asking questions  about where to buy some coke at Kinda shock a dude, Ruler turn a sucker to Show 'em where these cats at, maybe earn a rock or two Retarded, not knowing the kid hardest trife Kill 'em, asswipes, I'll have a new start in my life Till the drug lord knock upon their (?) Disprespected, "Washed up rapper, what the fuck you want?" The often asked, I could see others laugh I got my man he wanna a buy a half a ki off your ass Scolding 'em, sleeping and sold on 'em Gimme the cash,  let me flash it through this peephole on 'em (Check it out) He got hyped quick, pursued in the tight crib Emptied on their asses, including the white kids [Female Singer] Don't come my way Hawks feel the day Things don't change, oh no Don't you come my way Come my way See the day, oh no [Common] Yo, How'd dude go cop a brick when he ain't got the loot Ricky D, get the heat and 'Treat 'Em Like a Prostitute" This wigga gots no heart from his Iowa start [Slick Rick] And a Section 8 cat, he don't want any part I put two in there, ruin their, pursuing their souvenir Nigga, what the fuck is that white behind DOING here? Won't you say you wanted to slug 'em "If your not here for the cable or the (?) ya BUGGIN" [Common] Lights flooded the scene, there was blood and si-reens (sirens) The cops shot the brother, I still hear him scream Black mans reality, white mans bad dream Familiar scene from the Ickeys to the Brady Green Its pissy hallways, broke elevators always (ya know) Ain't no place for our children to play I try to go out in the summer and be feeling the day These broke and stupid niggas, yo they still in the way [Slick Rick] One of the mightiest slang, and plus the night is young I got long term money draining ideas from Since they far, I'll find your brown sweetheart Just being white your like golden goose around these parts Hey retard, better hurry in, my name is Father Marion I'll hold that American Express card your carrying Put your nose up, don't, shut up, provoking and woke up First where do you live, how much money your folks got? [Female Singer] Don't come my way Hawks feel the day Things don't change, oh no Don't you come my way Come my way See the day, oh no Don't come my way Hawks feel the day Things don't change, oh no Don't you come my way Come my way See the day, oh no [Common] We let the rhythm go Common Sense will 'em hit where I hit 'em Common Sense will spin 'em check it out I guess I did 'em where they should to be done Ain't nothing new about the wonder rap son Closed styles like captions yo its time for some action Man, I get bread, niggas get me sled When I come up off their head, it was said For that, yo, it's like this Common Sense'll strike this, mic this Just like some punchlines How niggas follow me like one time Everybody love me like the sunshine Combine, ain't that you never knew of Niggas say one but I've got two loves Check it out, now how I do love... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Common f/ Jill Scott Album: Wild Wild West soundtrack Song: 8 Minutes to Sunrise Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Common] Yeah, yo, yo, yo-yo, yo, yo Yo, a touch of jazz y'all, yeah, yeah ?? y'all, yo they got us on the run, like [Jill Scott] 8 minutes to sunrise Oh baby now, what are we gonna do? (I don't know..) Pressure is mountin Oh baby now, how we gonna get through? (I, don't, know) Can't go left (uh-uh) can't go right (uh-uh) Don't know, how we made it through the night (c'mon c'mon c'mon) 7 minutes to sunrise Oh baby now, what are we gonna do? (Do it, do it..) [Common] It was once said by Black Thought that +Things Fall Apart+ Knew I shouldn't have been messin with dude's girl from start But I pimp from the heart, the art of it made it interestin Plus me and sister blend before we got intimate Friend or no friend, my man caught wind This chick is payin me, it'll either cost me or cost him Told her she shoulda lost him (when?) a while ago Cause dude'll drink a pile of Mo' and defile her yo I ain't here to start on this [nigga] for me to wreck his broad you could tell what I thought of this [nigga] Nickname was Smoke, don't know if that was cause of cigarettes (or what?) or guns he tote, he called shots on the deck so I wasn't tryin to call his bluff, by his persona you could see, he think he tough! If that wasn't enough, old girl had his son This is Wild like the West I'm like Jesse on the run, uhh [Jill Scott] 6 minutes to sunrise Oh baby now, what are we gonna do? (I don't know..) Pressure is mountin Oh baby now, how we gon' get through? (I, don't, know) Can't go left and (uh-uh) can't go right and (uh-uh) Don't know, how we made it through the night (yo, we got..) 5 minutes to sunrise Oh baby now, what are we gonna do? (Do it, do it..) [Common] I understand that time is runnin out, I'm thinkin of town-skippin Got a Chevy but the alternator be trippin I'm hittin rum straight, thinkin of a route to truncate The streets is watchin, out is one way I put myself in his Nike's His position is, "Aight man, somebody bonin my lady" Probably snap like Rod-man My plan was to meet at this bar called the Tiki (when?) 'round four, when she was comin she would beep me I sat deep in the corner, drinkin zombies, becomin one by now Wonderin if my style would support her and her child Out the corner of my eye saw this stud I recognized (who?) One of Smoke's guys, to stay out of sight I tried Told Jill Scott to meet we coulda picked a better spot On some "Nobody's Supposed to Be Here" [shit] like Deborah Cox Looked at my watch, [shit] I don't even got a watch Felt for my glock, damnit I don't even got a glock, yo [Jill Scott] 4 minutes to sunrise Oh baby now, what are we gonna do? (I don't know..) Pressure is mountin Oh baby now, how we gon' get through? (I, don't, know) Can't go left and (uh-uh) can't go right and (uh-uh) Don't know, how we made it through the night (c'mon c'mon) 3 minutes to sunrise Oh baby now, what are we gonna do? (Do it, do it..) [Common] Pressure puh-pressure what? The pressure's cookin It ain't good lookin, like a black promoter I'm talkin bookin Not that I'm spooked of dude, I could whup him But he was on the horn informin the rest of them hoodlums (aight) Usually I wouldn't fight over a woman, old girl had a sun-shine was messed up, on Smoke's payroll was one-time My pager went off, it read one line: "Come get me from Halsted," I'm thinkin this is monkey bar [shit] Went to the phone quick, called her (what happened?) Her line was busy Situation number nine, got my mind dizzy Wondered if this plan was designed to get me I've been drinkin too strong to be thinkin too long Like 40 goin North I'm doin 50, headed for the spot Askin God to be with me, and lately she has been actin shifty -- (but what?) But then it hit me (hit me) it hit me (hit me) It hit me (hit me) it hit me [Jill Scott] 2 minutes to sunrise Oh baby now, what are we gonna do? (I don't know..) Pressure is mountin Oh baby now, how we gonna get through? (Yo -- I said I, don't, know) Can't go left and (uh-uh) can't go right and (nope) Don't know, how we made it through the night (yo, we got) 1 minute to sunrise Oh baby now, what are we gonna do? (one-one, one.. ha?) 1 minute.. (we got, we got) one, one 1 minute.. (ahh shit, we got) one, one 1 minute.. (what we got girl?) one, one 1 minute.. (baby, Com Sense on the run) now, now 1 minute.. (Com Sense on the run) one.. 1 minute.. (just got on the run, just got on the run) (Com Sense on the run, Com Sense on the run) (just got on the run, just got on the run) (they got us on the run like.. they got us on the run) (they got us on the.. yo, they got us on the run) (uhh, yo, they got us on the run) (they got us on the.. yo, they got us on the run) (and we out..) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Alicia Keys f/ Common, Mos Def, Damian "Jr. Gong" Marley Album: Unplugged Song: Love it or Leave it Alone/Welcome to Jamrock Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com [Alicia Keys] C'mon! [music begins] [Mos Def] Yes yes yes... Uh, a yes yes y'all (freak freak y'all) A-freak freak y'all! Freak freak y'all - fifteen! (Ohh!) A yes yes y'all [Put them hands in the air, y'all!] [Yo, now put them hands in the air y'all] Waddup, Brook-LYYYYYYYYYYYYYN!! [Common] And just clap your hands y'all A freak freak y'all - and ya don't stop A to the beat y'all - and ya don't stop A freak freak y'all - and ya don't stop A to the beat (y'alllllllllll!!!) [Common] Yo, mad love for the culture Since the days of Adidas and hip-hop posters Now I host with Mos and just to boast to brag a bit about it, 'cause I cain't live without it Seen her on the streets when I was like ten Especially's of a lagged and young black man Do backspins in backyards cause we rap harder People that lack {?}, now we black stars Gift from God - they said we must be crazy Now they sayin Common, Nasir, and Jay-Z Leaders of tomorrow, follow the steps of Africans rap in the ghettos makin it spressed up Yo we bring the light, we do it tonight Alicia Keys and Mos Def bring it right We come down and bam, and rock who I am Com Sense, yo; I'm wit the fam, yo [Chorus 2X - sung in tune of Brand Nubian's "Love it or Leave It Alone"] You gotta love it, or leave it alone You gotta love it, or leave it alone You gotta love it, or leave it alone You gotta love it, or leave it alone [Mos Def] (Mos Def) Yo, peep it out while I tell you like this A fresh to the soil, be sure you don't miss It's the, true for ya, true feature I could go on for days about it screamin "Alicia!" Walkin down the block with brother Com Sense Comrade Com Sense, so what the heck so I - show this fresh girl that you always sure Before and then my heart should be adored and cain't front, another ignore It's Aquarius love and highly secure Daje Mahal, and really gettin in and fantasize of my life for a one or two winners And my man Com Sense just stopped and said "Yo stop frontin' and use your head!" A-said "Yo stop frontin' and use your head!" A-said "Yo stop frontin' and use your FUCKIN head.." (OHHHHH!!) [Chorus 2X with ad-libs] [Alicia Keys - interlude] Right about now, I wanna thank everybody for comin out and rockin with me tonight I wanna give a big-up, to my man Mos Def My man Common Sense, my man Krucial My man Ills, the whole M.B.K. fam The whole Krucial Keys fam, and MTV And everybody out th-ere say "yeah!!" {*crowd cheers*] Yeah! Said everybody out th-ere say "yeah!!" (YEEEEEAHHH) C'mon, and alright I need y'all to give it up, for Pablo on percussion for Paul John on drums, Onree Gill on M.D. Anaysha, Sara, Jermaine, AND, Denise on backgrounds Steve on the bass, oh Artie on the gee-tar (yaaaay), Jeff's on the horns (oh) AYE-YAY-YAY, and the string quartets Ray Chew and, the Crunks Oh, oh (one-two), you know [Chorus 2X with ad-libs and variations] Uh, WE WOOOOOOOOON!! [music changes to Damian "Jr. Gong" Marley's "Welcome to Jamrock"] [Alicia Keys - Intro] Oh, oh, oh.. I wanna bring Damian Marley to the spot.. Up in the streets, they call it murrrrrr-derrrr! [Damian "Jr. Gong" Marley] Welcome to Jamrock, camp where the thugs dem camp at Two POUND ah weed inna van back It inna your hand bag, your knapsack, it inna your backpack The smell ah give your girlfriend con - Some bwoy nuh notice, dem only come around like tourist on the beach with a few club sodas Bedtime stories, pose like dem name Chuck Norris Don't know the real hardcore Cause Sandals ah nuh Backtoo, the thugs dem will do when dem got to And WON'T think twice to shot you Don't make dem spot you, unless you carry guns a lot too A bare tuff tings come at you When, New York man stop laugh and lock-off traffic Then dem wheel AND pop off and dem start clap it With the pin file dung an it ah beat drop it Police come inna Jeep and dem can't stop it Some say them ah playboy ah Playboy Rabbit ?Socialize? or get dropped like a bad 'abit So nuh bodah pose tuff if you don't have it Rastafari stands alone! [Chorus - with ad-libs] Welcome to Jamrock! Welcome to Jamrock! [Alicia] Up in the streets, they call it murrrrrr-derrrr! [Damian "Jr. Gong" Marley] Jamaica, Jamaicaaaa, yeah Jamaica, Jamaicaaaa, yeah Jamaica, Jamaicaaaa, yeah Jamaica, Jamaica! (Chi-Town) [Common] Chi-Town, Chi-Town, and we gets down Chi-Town, Chi-Town, and we gets down Chi-Town, Chi-Town, and we gets down It's Chi-Town, gettin all down c'mon [Alicia Keys (Mos Def)] New York, New YOOOO-OO-ORK (New York, NEW YOOOORK) New York, New YOOOO-OO-ORK (New York, NEW YOOOORK) New York, New YOOOO-OO-ORK (New York, NEW Yooork) New York, New YOOOO-OO-ORK (Brook-lyn!) [Damian "Jr. Gong" Marley with variations] Say wel-come to Jamrock... A-wel-come to Jamrock... Wel-come to Jamrock... [Alicia Keys] Up in the streets, they call it MURRRRR-DERRRRRRRRRRAH!! [crowd cheers loudly] [Keys - outro] YeeeeeeeeAAAAAAAAAhhhhhh!!! (BOK BOK BOK BOK!) Damian Marley, ladies and gentlemen Common Sense, Mos Def WE LOVE YOU, and we thank you, for rockin wit us! Much LOOOOVE to the people, eh-haha ha... Hahaha...BROOKLYYYYYYYN... [crowd cheers wildly as song fades] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Armand Van Helden f/ Common Album: Killing Puritans Song: Full Moon Typed by: brainchld9@aol.com Intro: Freak freak y'all And you don't, don't stop Keep on y'all And you don't, don't stop (repeat 4 times) Follow me like one time Everybody love me like they do the sunshine Niggas just got off work Time to unwind Strobelight smokin thick (??? ???) Got my mind made up All night i'ma stay up and fuck a lot But nah, I ain't a playa Girl I'll house you You in my hut  Thinkin of a rhyme trying to hold my nut Armand on the cut Com Sense MC Baby put that ass in the air where I can see Feel free feel good You ain't in the club trying to find a real love I spill dubs on Heiny's and tequila shots Where studs and chicks pee in the same spot It's hot as hell Freakshow on the dance floor Is that you I smell? I'ma give that ass room Better yet, let's fuck in the bathroom If we have room it's a full moon. Chorus: It's a full moon out tonight Party people here just feel alright The place is packed and the mood is right Now have a good time y'all A good time y'all I know y'all niggas ain't come here to fight Ain't nothin but love so don't be uptight Black Latin Asian and White (repeat) There's some hoes in this house It's thick like them hoes from the south Toothpick froze in my mouth Y'all chicks don't know what I'm about I did "Retropsect For Life" They think I got a wife But I got style to mine So I dog 'em like Phife or Snoop. Already boned 3 out the group with my crew I rock steady like the park I hear foot steps in the dark From them househeads Dancin in the circle in the house like curfew To work you to the bone Old school cuts get me in a zone In the line I get restless I'm straight I'm on the guestlist The red light specialist Love is the message From B-Boy to raver expressions I get open like the bar at the rap sessions Diggin in the crate with Armand The phenomenon Com think faster than a Muslim doing Ramadan I'm a wand  in otherwords I'm wildin' It's a full moon and peoples is howlin Chorus (repeat 2 times) Chicago rock the house and New York rock the house and DC rock the house and London rock the house and Australia rock the house and Europe You gotta rock the house and Party People rock the house and Japan rock the house and New York rock the house and Chicago rock the house and Atlanta rock the house and Detroit rock the house and Cali rock the house and Texas rock the house and Alabama rock the house and Black man rock the house and Go on The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Erykah Badu f/ Common Album: Love of My Life 12" Song: Love of My Life Typed by: charrstarr@yahoo.com, janis@betatesters.com Bring it over here and let's go back Way back Ooh... Way back, yeah I met him when I was a Little girl, he gave me He gave me poetry And he was my first But in my heart I knew I Wasn't the only one 'Cause when the tables turned He had to break up Whenever I got lonely Or needed some advice He gave me his shoulder His words were very nice But that is all behind me 'Cause now there is no other My love is his and his is mine A friend became the Love of my life You are my friend Love of my life I can depend Love of my life Without you, baby It feels like a simple true love Hope this shit ain't clear A freak-freak, y'all, and ya don't stop To the beat y'all and ya don't stop A freak-freak Or could it be that it was All just so simple then A teenage lover who said He's just a friend He moved around and we kept In touch through his friend Mike The world was young and he knew We couldn't rush but Whenever I got lonely Or needed some advice He gave me his shoulder His words were very nice But that is all behind me 'Cause now there is no other My love is his and his is mine A friend became the Love of my life You are my friend Love of my life A dude I can depend, yeah, yeah Love of my life Feels like a simple true love, yeah Hope this shit ain't clear [Common] Y'all know how I met her We broke up and got back together To get her back I had to sweat her Thought she roll with bad boys forever in many ways Them boys may be better, to I had to let her (Never) She needed cheddar and I understood that Lookin' for cheese, that don't make her a hood rat (Rat) In fact she's a queen to me, her light beams on me I love it when she sings to me It's like that now Love of my life Ooh, you know you rock my world and Love of my life You be boy and I'll be girl and Love of my life We don't stop until the break of dawn, ooh... Love of my life Ooh, you know you rock my world and Love of my life You be boy and I'll be girl and Love of my life Yeah... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Beatnuts f/ Common, Cuban Link Album: A Musical Massacre Song: Slam Pit Typed by: Nature2QBC@aol.com Marlon: "Yo it's, yo B" ("Chill chill Marlon, chill") Marlon: "Nah, yo, it's...I don't know this nigga B" ("Chill Marlon") Marlon: "Why yo yo, put that down B, I don't know you son! I DON'T KNOW YOU SON! HOLD UP HOLD UP!" *gunshots and screams* "I Links with the Cuban" "I'm hard to kill, for real nigga, guard your grill" [Cuban Link] [Cuban Link] Yo flipmode is how this nigga roll Finger on the trigger low Quick to lick a shot for that bigger pot of gold Lock and load, my heavy metal rock and rolls If you gotta go, you gotta go That's part of the show My heart is cold like Antarctica, nailin niggas like carpenters Stalkin the hardest squadrons Spark them from New York to Arkansas Watchin the projects how I got my logic Economics is pickin pockets then we split the profit The only shit I pop is when my glock spit Watch for the cops since we spark the chocolate Cuz the blocks are hotter than the fuckin tropics In topless bars, college girls with no bras My whole squad got blowjobs smokin Godfather cigars Live large like Scarface Parlay in a far place No car chasin, she's watchin all the stars in space Safe in sound in my playground with my trey-pound Got eighty rounds just in case clowns wanna play around I lay it down for them non-believers Them non-achievein niggas that wanna be leaders but can never beat us Ya'll better greet us if you ever see us TS, Beatnuts, knuckle up but grab your mothafuckin heaters, word up "Slammin MC's on cement" [Nas] "The Beats and Nuts" "Got you froze like gunpoint" [Psycho Les] "It's the hard little pistol packin" [JuJu] [JuJu] It's the control freak, leave you wit a hole in your cheek Worst attitude in rap, Ju stay on the streets I gotta eat, the only thing I'm playin is keeps You beats cost a lot of money but they sound real cheap You sound weak, anemic like you get no sleep Fuckin with me, you outta your mind, get outta your jeep! Know I'm gonna beat you till the police come And tell niggas who the fuck I got that Rollie from (The Beats) [Psycho Les] Jump in the Pit Beatnuts fuckin up shit Ju hold my gun and the clip As I smoke one and spit Ammo over the piano For a man's show, you don't understand bro! You do, don't make me laugh at your ass Cuz you don't even know the HALF of the HALF! When I crash on the scene You know it's me and a bunch of crazy cats outta Queens So hide your shine, hold your bitch and stop smiling Beatnuts will never stop wildin Pit Fighting and rockwilding! "Common Sense gonna tell ya!" [Common] Picture a king Wit heater, holy book, and big rings Real niggas doin big things Interpreting dreams off of Jim Beam Ain't shit Sweet but Sixteens My gods got the block sewn to the inseem I'm on the other side tryin to get green So I fast at grass and ass at least a day War with self I battle the Middle Eastern way Bring heat like the months that's east of May Casted in the role and saw a new school nigga that knows the old  G memory I hold the scroll, my flow is a Road Less Travelled, you rock but been through less gravel My mystique suggest battle, and what have you Rip a nigga from New York to west coast, Chicago Don't give a fuck where he from He'll get beat like a drum Till this rap goes numb, seekin the hot producer for circu-lation I strangled his string music and suffocate his drum Wanted to be a star until I seen I was the sun Got my weight up like Pun Improvise to get ass, emphasize to get past Fuck a mic check, I bring my flow in cash "Slammin MC's on cement" The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: (Big Sean f/) Common Album: Detroit (Mixtape) Song: Story By Common Typed by: AZ Lyrics Yea, what up! It's Common right here! Y'all know where I come from, and uh, shoot I used to come to the D I used to go to Detroit, like, every two weeks to record with J Dilla I be standing at the Atheneum, and then, you know, he'd come scoop me up; he had a Range We'd either eat, we'd eat at a Coney Island, close to his crib He stayed 'round McNich' We'd go down in his basement and stuff, and Jay Dee would dig through the records and then he would make a beat And then once he make a beat, I'd be like, "Yo that beat cold," and then I'd just sit there And Frank, Frank would be around And then you know, and we'd just be kicking it; I'd be getting some Heinekens and stuff and then uh, they'd go to Chocolate City, to strip club And I wasn't all into the strip clubs at the time, so I'm like yo I'd just be like, I'd sit there and be like, "I'm about to write this rap." Then one time I was like, "I'm going to the strip club with y'all." I went to the club, and man they had some good chicken wings man some good, thick girls, and it was right Anyway, I love the D, man; We used to kick it off in the D That was like all day That's what we do The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Big Sean f/ Common Album: Hall of Fame: Memoirs of a Detroit Player Song: Switch Up Typed by: AZ Lyrics [Intro: Big Sean] Kill it, kill it, kill it, kill it I look up, I say I think it's time to kill it [Verse 1: Big Sean] Bitch I'm sexy as fuck, you ain't even gotta tell me I ride around to Pac, I fuck my girl to R. Kelly I tell her make me a sandwich, no PB & Jelly She look back like "Goddamn, what you think this? A deli?" I'm screaming "Hell yeah trick, Hell yeah ho" That shit make her love me more, and she know I love her too She know I been to hell and through, I need what Reverends do Power of the revenue got me a 2 to 10 and a 10 to 2 I gotta shine boy I be a star, on fire that's a meteor So I'm either or on TV with a Rita Ora set your DVR Stacking money face to face what that mean CPR Everyday the day date, gangbang major pain D Town I ride around me and my dog like Charlie Brown Just trying to get that white money you know, countin' cake and KK's On a day to day base, then vacay for eight days You know muthafuck taking a vacation Put palm trees up in my house and have a stay-cation Getting paid while I'm chilling that's a paid-cation Full glass of champagne, Oh no, you can't taste it I seen cars (switch up) Seen Hoes (switch up) Seen Money all switch up When the days get dimmer Who gone leave you there and who gon leave with ya This is for the ones that's always riding with ya ain't switched I ain't switched up naw naw I ain't switched up Same me naw naw I ain't Switched up Same team naw naw I ain't switched up I think it's time to kill it [Bridge] Kill it, kill it, kill it, kill it [x3] I said I think its time to kill it [Verse 2: Common] Bought a Cadillac, now I'm Cadillac Com She ride alright, when I'm riding right, Put Cadillac on that lawn Might even let her meet Ye, might even let her meet Sean Might even let her meet Push, she never meet my Mom Chi Town is my town, I ride around like I'm lying down Southside my eyes down, I'm the shit y'all fly around (Oww) I'm in my mode today, sayin what the fuck I'm 'posed to say Moving making money, got them trashbags back Smoke Chibahs with leaders, Pussy sweet and I'll eat her Got strippers and Divas, Plus some Cougars and Cheetahs Oh you with GOOD, put me on like Benita I said ease up, ease up, ease up Ain't anybody fucking with my clique And all these bad bitches man, they want the [Verse 3: Big Sean] All I care is my crew, my family and women Except these women that's hoing, and these hoes that be stealing Trying to get them a cut, that's how you end up with stitches I tell a bitch quit playing, and play ya position Either move or be devoured, fuck a coward I be fresher than these motherfuckers head to toe If I rocked Eddie Bauer, but I don't Aura Gold, everything I do I do it overboard Michael Phelps splash, Smile for the polaroid, self-employed Now you shelf employed, D-Boy Never sold, but I still got more lines than corduroy And I'm with the same crew til I'm an old man Cause there no such thing as new old friends [Bridge: Big Sean] [Outro: Big Sean] Rollin' with the same team I ain't switched shit Rollin' with the same team I ain't switched shit I'm with the same OGs The same old team, and you know my team Ain't switched The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Bilal f/ Common, Mos Def Album: 1st Born Second Song: Reminisce Typed by: shok_411@yahoo.com [Mos Def] Yo Just when I think that I've forgot you I hear that thug that we used to rock to Just When I think I'm gettin' on without you Somebody Passed and asked me about you Was in the back of the cab the other day Swear to God I saw you walking passed the other way My heart rushed, my face flushed Tell the driver hit the breaks slow the pace up Wait up, It wasn't you Realised it's a mirage I was running to Damn, can the affects of Love and time Cause the mind to trick the eye? I wonder how you gettin' by And all the stars still in your eyes But you still just get the five You break the bank to spend the time I reminisce of shifting time, to when you was mine [Bilal] Years ago, in a mist of hallways and sliding doors Missing links of family very obscure Vision of you shine But only for a short time My mistake I didn't pick up on it till years down the line Here now as I (reminisce) reminisce, will I ever see your face again? (In-fect-ion) Baby as I lay back (reminisce) will I ever see your face again. (In-fect-ion) As I reminisce (fect-ion) as I reminisce (In-fect-ion) [Bilal] (Common) Hold still (uh) The devine has placed us In a small world (yes) And thankfully so (Thank God) Our paths cross once more And to whose surprise but mine Was 14th and 6th was the placed where we combine once more There at the front door of the cornor store you stood. (reminisce) I reminisce Infection (In-fect-ion) as I lay back (reminisce) will I ever see our face again (In-fect-ion) As I reminisce (In-fect-ion) As I reminisce (In-fect-ion) A happy story always ends As it starts But with few exceptions involved We became an item (Me For You) Me for you and (You For Me) You for me (Through Good Times and Bad Times) Good times (Sickness And Health) Sickness and health (Broke ass and richness) Broke ass, and richness, baby we made it work [Common] Yes Sir Yo I reminisce over this chick Colder than a soda Princess a soldier Raised in Islamic culture Sexy as the girl on the Jamaica poster Men are over seas where there really don't be no sistas Brought her on stage as Bilal sang "Soul Sista" In body parts the blood was thicker Sweet only tryna make sure it ain't the liquor She was with a nigga come to find out She and Sista backstage, conversation kissed her Made me forget to remember that I pimp the dime Put the pimpin' aside I see Kenya in her eye Our connection lies in a life before For us to meet again was devine law So I can't describe how deep I dug her Now only in memory can I hug her I reminisce y'all Oh my God The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Black Star f/ Common Album: Mos Def and Talib Kweli are Black Star Song: Respiration Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash, mbfamily@erols.com "What'd you do last night?" 	"We did umm, two whole cars 	 It was me, Dez, and Main Three right? 	 And on the first car in small letters it said 	 'All you see is..' and then you know 	 big, big, you know some block silver letters 	 that said '..crime in the city' right?" "It just took up the whole car?" 	"Yeah yeah, it was a whole car and shit..." [spanish speaking woman] Escuchela.. la ciudad respirando (translation of spanish: Listen to it.. the city breathing) * woman repeats 3X * [spanish speaking woman] Escuchela.. [Mos Def] The new moon rode high in the crown of the metropolis Shinin, like who on top of this? People was tusslin, arguin and bustlin Gangstaz of Gotham hardcore hustlin I'm wrestlin with words and ideas My ears is picky, seekin what will transmit the scribes can apply to transcript, yo This ain't no time where the usual is suitable Tonight alive, let's describe the inscrutable The indisputable, we New York the narcotic Strength in metal and fiber optics where mercenaries is paid to trade hot stock tips for profits, thirsty criminals take pockets Hard knuckles on the second hands of workin class watches Skyscrapers is collosus, the cost of living is preposterous, stay alive, you play or die, no options No Batman and Robin, can't tell between the cops and the robbers, they both partners, they all heartless With no conscience, back streets stay darkened Where unbeliever hearts stay hardened My eagle talons STAY sharpened, like city lights stay throbbin You either make a way or stay sobbin, the Shiny Apple is bruised but sweet and if you choose to eat You could lose your teeth, many crews retreat Nightly news repeat, who got shot down and locked down Spotlight to savages, NASDAQ averages My narrative, rose to explain this existance Amidst the harbor lights which remain in the distance So much on my mind that I can't recline Blastin holes in the night til she bled sunshine Breathe in, inhale vapors from bright stars that shine Breathe out, weed smoke retrace the skyline Heard the bass ride out like an ancient mating call I can't take it y'all, I can feel the city breathin Chest heavin, against the flesh of the evening Sigh before we die like the last train leaving [Talib Kweli] Breathin in deep city breaths, sittin on shitty steps we stoop to new lows, hell froze the night the city slept The beast crept through concrete jungles communicatin with one another And ghetto birds where waters fall from the hydrants to the gutters The beast walk the beats, but the beats we be makin You on the wrong side of the track, lookin visibly shaken Taken them plungers, plungin to death that's painted by the numbers with Krylon applied pressure, cats is playin God but havin children by a lesser baby mother but fuck it we played against each other like puppets, swearin you got pull when the only pull you got is the wool over your eyes Gettin knowledge in jail like a blessing in disguise Look in the skies for God, what you see besides the smog is broken dreams flying away on the wings of the obscene Thoughts that people put in the air Places where you could get murdered over a glare But everything is fair It's a paradox we call reality So keepin it real will make you casualty of abnormal normality Killers Born Naturally like, Mickey and Mallory Not knowing the ways'll get you capped like an NBA salary Some cats be emceeing to illustrate what we be seeing Hard to be a spiritual being when shit is shakin what you believe in For trees to grow in Brooklyn, seeds need to be planted I'm asking if y'all feel me AND THE CROWD LEFT ME STRANDED My blood pressure boiled and rose, cause New York niggaz actin spoiled at shows, to the winners the spoils go I take the L, transfer to the 2, head to the gates New York life type trife the Roman Empire state [Mos Def and crew] So much on my mind I just can't recline Blastin holes in the night til she bled sunshine Breathe in, inhale vapors from bright stars that shine Breathe out, weed smoke retrace the skyline Yo don't the bass ride out like an ancient mating call I can't take it y'all, I can feel the city breathin Chest heavin, against the flesh of the evening Sigh before we die like the last train leaving [spanish speaking woman] Escuchela.. respirando ?? [Common] Yo...on The Amen, Corner I stood lookin at my former hood Felt the spirit in the wind, knew my friend was gone for good Threw dirt on the casket, the hurt, I couldn't mask it Mixin down emotions, struggle I hadn't mastered I coreograph seven steps to heaven And hell, waiting to exhale and make the bread leavened Veteran of a cold war It's Chica-I-go for What I know or, what's known So some days I take the bus home, just to touch home From the crib I spend months gone Sat by the window with a clutched dome listenin to shorties cuss long Young girls with weak minds, but they butt strong Tried to call, or at least beep the Lord, but didn't have a touch-tone It's a dog-eat-dog world, you gotta mush on Some of this land I must own Outta the city, they want us gone Tearin down the 'jects creatin plush homes My circumstance is between Cabrini and Love Jones Surrounded by hate, yet I love home Ask my God how he thought travellin the world sound Found it hard to imagine he hadn't been past downtown It's deep, I heard the city breathe in its sleep Of reality I touch, but for me it's hard to keep Deep, I heard my man breathe in his sleep Of reality I touch, but for me it's hard to keep [Mos Def and crew] So much on my mind I just can't recline Blastin holes in the night til she bled sunshine Breathe in, inhale vapors from bright stars that shine Breathe out, weed smoke retrace the skyline Yo how the bass ride out like an ancient mating call I can't take it y'all, I can feel the city breathing Chest heavin, against the flesh of the evening Kiss the Ide's goodbye, I'm on the last train leaving The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mary J. Blige f/ Common Album: No More Drama (Special Edition) Song: Dance For Me Typed by: timmytown69@bigpond.com * * send corrections to the typist 	[Common] I come up in the dance with a slip of {?} Butter peanuts, {?} or envy A family affair, everything is carefree I ain't get up off the wall until I heard Mary If you dope and real hot And you feelin the vibe Won't you get on the floor And just dance for me If you feelin the groove It ain't nothing for you To just get on the floor And just dance for me And I know you been stressed This whole week got you messed up Get on the floor And just dance for me Just be here ain't no joke So stay here till we're closed Stay up on the floor Just dance for me Haven't always been rough But I'm tryna make it easy For everybody to dance for me So come one come all come everybody Me and you all of us bout to really party And you know that we're gonna put it down At the tip more drinks we be feelin the sound If you dope and real hot And you feelin the vibe Won't you get on the floor And just dance for me (come dance with me) If you feelin the groove It ain't nothing for you To just get on the floor And just dance for me Get off the wall Cos I know that you can feel me So stop the frontin' And dance for me So come one come all come everybody Me and you all of us bout to really party And you know that we're gonna put it down At the floor more drinks and we're fallin down If you flowin real hot And you feelin the vibe Won't you get on the floor And just dance for me And I know you been stressed This whole week got you messed up Stay up on the floor And just dance for me Leave all your struggles and your cares behind Don't you worry bout a thing not tonight Don't drink too much Because we have all night Don't you rush because it's all night long If you dope and real hot And you feelin the vibe Won't you get on the floor And just dance for me (dance for me) If you feelin the groove It ain't nothing for you To just get on the floor And just dance for me (ohh dance for me) And I know you been stressed This whole week got you messed up Get on the floor And just dance for me Just be here ain't no joke (dance for me) So stay here till we're closed Stay up on the floor Just dance for me (ohh) 	[Common] While ladies shake they thangs Brothers change swang Dancing is a ritual we used to maintain Whether steppin the crip walkin Over music shit talkin Hard times can soften In spots we hit often I feel the love A basement or a strip club Good times good wine Gotta skip the trick dubs It's up to you I ain't gon' tell you where your hands to be Like the ghost of Marvin Come on and dance for me If you flowin real hot And you feelin the vibe Won't you get on the floor And just dance for me If you feelin the groove It ain't nothing for you To just get on the floor And just dance for me And I know you been stressed (dance for me) This whole week got you messed up (dance for me) Get on the floor (dance for me) And just dance for me (dance for me) Just be here ain't no joke (dance for me) So stay here till we're closed And stay up on the floor And just dance for me If you dope and real hot (come on, come on) And you feelin the vibe (come on, come on) Won't you get on the floor (come on, come on) And just dance for me (come on, come on) If you feelin the groove (come on, come on) It ain't nothing for you To just get on the floor And just dance for me And I know you been stressed This whole week got you messed up The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Brand Nubian f/ Common Album: Foundation Song: Maybe One Day Typed by: mbfamily@erols.com, OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Grand Puba] Yeah, yeah yeah yeah One time as we do it like this, yeah Grand Puba, Common Sense [Common] Yeah, yeah, yeah It's all love y'all (3X) what you say? Intro/Chorus: all, Common [all]	Maybe one day we can work it out 	Strive to understand what life's about 	All it seems to be is sadness and pain 	Blood like rain clogs urban drains [Com]	When we gonna realize and make the change 	And take the blame, erase the shame 	Cause new millenium is knockin at your door 	The New World Order's what they got in store [Grand Puba] Now I can't stress this enough, life sure is rough You gotta go through a whole lotta shit Just for you to	get a little bit Born into existence where your existence is non-existant but your persistance overcomes their resistance Your daily mechanism is your defense, whether it be past or present tense, don't be dense I'm droppin this with Common Sense (true indeed) As we linger on into the darkness Poisoned by society where high-anxiety is just one variety Hatin each other is another, brotha I mean I'm really true to the shit, my spit ain't just spit My duty is to save my people from all of this shit And if I can get somethin for doin that then I'm gon' get And I won't quit My ways and action manifest in my way of thinkin I just can't stand around and do nothin while my people sinkin I told you that I stay true And I gotta do, what I can do, when I can do, so Chorus [Common] Grand Pu...I'ma do....what I gotta do....what I can do It's one for all like Brand Nu-bian, feedin the multitudes Of five loads, dead men walkin with lost souls Some say the games are strange, our ways have been tribal Since the days of Kemet, now displayed on Bennett Revolution's like a pussy, I'm tryin to stay up in it And our music is a message, though some is afraid to send it I don't know much about the New World Order; I know I Got a new daughter, direction and protection I must provide for her The moral of the story I'm building... Like ODB say, "We for the children" Nike make a killin off us, we kill each other, it kills me to see that You take a life for gold, nigga did you really need that? We try to escape the mixtapes, rims and weed sack And to the new age, they say the women's gonna lead that, so Chorus [Pub]	Oh say it ain't so [Com]	It ain't so [Pub]	My peoples at a all time low [Com]	Double oh Pu' [Pub]	Nowadays we doin anything for dough [Com]	For the dough doe [Pub]	Don't you know that knowledge is the note [Com]	What? [Pub]	Know the ledge, don't hit the edge 	The negativity pulls us down like gravity [Com]	Yup [Pub]	Devilish ways and actions poisons us like a cavity [Com]	Yessir [Pub]	As we send this one throughout our whole proximity [all]	Grand Pu' and Common strive to come together [Common] In this era of prepaid calling cards I roll with squads called the Gods Ignorance is at large, struggles in our backyard I slapbox with life and see we wasn't that hard Long as you got God, even got Gramps off lah It's stray lies and bullets directed, to lead the village of lies disconnected like ghetto phones Fuck a search through a magazine for Better Homes It ain't gonna happen Til the devil's gone with the breeze  and niggas get off they knees so... Chorus The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Busta Rhymes f/ Mary J. Blige, Common, Jamie Foxx, John Legend Album: Back On My B.S. Song: Decision Typed by: Dopeskill@gmail.com [Jamie Foxx] I made a decision Despite all the things that we go through I'm going to take more time with you And be a friend indeed I made a decision That everything's gon' be alright Going to stay strong and keep it tight I'll be there indeed [Busta Rhymes] Yes, let me talk to you See when it feels like the sun ain't shining bright enough It's like the devil's trying to work to give an idol up And though I'm blessed, I still got to handle the things I go through It's good to have a friend, with another perspective to show you Someone you know that knows you and gives you motivation Someone that you can go to and vent your frustrations We always talk about our peeps, how we be everywhere When you need them the most are they really ever there? See, every thing be all good when we be having fun The difference is really needing a friend than having one It's good when your peoples are there to help your problems And help you smile about it while finding a way to solve them Look at here, let me keep it at 100 and let me tell you How you hold me down is something I genuinely value I got a clearer view And being that you're always here for me I'll be here for you [Mary J. Blige] I made a decision Despite all the things that we go through I'm going to take my time with you And be a friend indeed I made a decision That everything's gon' be alright Going to stay strong and keep it tight I'll be there indeed [Busta Rhymes] Well, how you been baby? But I'm sayin' Even though we probably link up every now and then With minimal convo, look it's real good to see you friend Something I realize is that I don't even have to mention Is whether or not you got me, that's something that I never question Sometimes I feel that the people that I love don't appreciate me And some hate to see the shit I've been going through lately See you was here, when it started to haywire You're still here, walking with me going through the fire And I really love you for it, I know you all relate too On everything that I believe and I appreciate you And just for that, it don't matter you can put that on my name The way you rep me, let me be there just for you the same Sometimes the pressure and the pain, it be wearing me out But I thank you for just being there and for hearing me out I got a clearer view I thank God that you've been there for me, I'm here for you [John Legend] I made a decision Despite all the things that we go through I'm gon' to take my time with you And be a friend indeed I made a decision Everything's gon' be alright Going to stay strong and keep it tight I'll be there indeed I made a decision [Common] I look in your eye and I see the pain in it Life's a game, maybe the game did it I know I changed, they say the fame did it Life has changed, maybe the game did it Two friends, now in two different places And the mister catching planes, and you catching cases Friendship, we never based it on position No matter the game, we both shared the same vision Decisions to split us in the place that life seemed to hit us I would come to town and never get up, with you Around then, things weren't so simple I had my own issues that I was trying to get through Outside chatter, messing with our mental On the chase of funds, trust, you can't forget to It's the real friends, that you've got to tend to No matter how far, just know that I'm with you [John Legend & Jamie Foxx] I made a decision Despite all the things that we go through I'm going to take my time with you And be a friend indeed I made a decision That everything will be alright Going to stay strong and keep it tight I'll be there indeed I made a decision... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Colbie Caillat f/ Common  Album: All of You  Song: Favorite Song  Typed by: e-squared817@comcast.net I wanna be your favorite song  You can turn it up, play me all night long  I wanna be your favorite song  La la la la la  (Common)  We on our way back, we wanna play back  We want some new plus o never change that  We got a new tip, good music  We see the pen and the paper, we gon use it  It takes a late night, to get them bright lights  We keep writing them songs, still in that good life  I do it for you, I do it for me  We break it down, Colbie, tell them the story  (Colbie Caillat)  Listen can you hear me  Am I coming in on your frequency  I got a story  Subject that apply, you and me  And when you're sleeping, and when you awaken  And when you're feeling good  I'll be the thing you want to sing back  Stuck in your head like I knew you would I wanna be your favorite song  You can turn it up, play me all night long  I wanna be your favorite song  La la la la la  I wanna be your melody  Flowing through your head, when you think of me  I wanna be your favorite song  La la la la la  You'll be singing like  Ooh ooh ooh ooh (Turn it up)  (Colbie Caillat)  Baby can you feel me  I'm the kick drum that gets your heart to beat  I gotta help me feel me  You can count me in every song I sing  And when you're sleeping, and when you awaken  And when you're feeling good (Feel good)  I'll be the one that you want to comeback  Stuck in your head like I knew I would  (Common)  We on our way back, we wanna play back  We want some new plus o never change that  We on our way back, we wanna play back  Play back play back play back play back  I wanna be your favorite song  You can turn it up, play me all night long  I wanna be your favorite song  La la la la la  I wanna be your melody  Flowing through your head, when you think of me  I wanna be your favorite song  La la la la la  You'll be singing like  Ooh ooh ooh ooh (Turn It Up)  (Common)  You're the songs you sing  Play my favorite things  You stay in my dreams  Something is lookin supreme  Love is the key, and it's made your life see  Common and Colbie, I'm dusting off the homie  Like the OLB we call it ODs  And in your melodies, I'm hearing things you never told me  We stay in tune with each other, and our room will discover new ways to do  Covers, no matter how they dub us  We should stay true to the trust, and the winner of the best duois us  I wanna be your favorite song  You can turn it up, play me all night long  I wanna be your favorite song  La la la la la  I wanna be your melody  Flowing through your head, when you think of me  I wanna be your favorite song  La la la la la  You'll be singing like  Ooh ooh ooh ooh (Turn It Up) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Consequence f/ Big Sean, Common, John Legend, Kanye West, Kid Cudi Album: Whatever You Want 12" Song: Whatever You Want (Remix) Typed by: timm2014@hotmail.com [Kanye West] [x4] G.O.O.D. Music has arrived [Kid Cudi] [x3] I said its time to put your hands in the air And wave them around like you just don't care  Yeah Okay, Mr. Moon Man, has arrived And to them lame niggas keep the middle finger high I'm kinda like my mind, would you mind if we fly Not rhymin' in metaphor, talkin 'bout G4 But Whatever you want, want, want, want, want, want, want Whatever you want, want, want, want, want, want, want [Common] Whatever you want, you could quit your day job You could be my Kate, I could be your A-Rod Christian Louboutin, ma telling you could model Not you, a Real Housewife of Chicago Whatever you want, want, want, want, want, want, want Whatever you want, want, want, want, want, want, want [Big Sean] Yeah, B-I, G, look To all the Halle Berrys and the younger Tony Braxtons, It's time to cut, glad you made the casting Look at my jewelry, damn that shit's flashin' Not only do I love it, I love it with a passion Whatever you want, want, want, want, want, want, want Whatever you want, want, want, want, want, want, want [Kanye West] Ayo I pull up in the, errr umm, Benz And the girls say, "Ahh", like they imitatin' Prince Okay, when I circle the block, hop in Me, you and your friends That's a win win win Do whatever you  Whatever you want, want, want, want, want, want, want Whatever you want, want, want, want, want, want, want [Consequence] Ladies this is in your best interest like a feminist If going out with him don't come with benefits Then why would you even wanna reminisce? When you could apply in time for a membership And get whatever you want, want, want, want, want [Kanye West] Now its time to put your hands in the air And wave them around like you just don't care [Consequence] And once your done with that keep your hands up high And if you with your girl let me see you get live [John Legend] Hey girl, we 'gon live it up tonight Hey girl, welcome to the grammy life Hey girl, you know how this goes Doesn't get old, centerfold Is all I know Whatever you want [Consequence] You would think I would recycle by the way I found my last chick Cause all she want is paper or plastic And won't be happy until she find herself a draft pick Or a D-boy with money in the mattress So raise up your glasses And lets toast to the good life Whatever you want, want, want, want, want, want, want Whatever you want, want, want, want, want, want, want [Big Sean] So go ahead, you can drink whatever that you like to Champagne, Remy, or a little bit of Sky Blu Yeah we up in VI, I'm right beside you Scream like you like to You're lucky that I like you So get what you want to Whatever you want, want, want, want, want, want, want Whatever you want, want, want, want, want, want, want [Common] Whatever you want, you know that I want you Be my turntable, lemme spin somethin' on you It's the good life, that I wanna loan you You know what its like for you to come home to Whatever you want, want, want, want, want, want, want Whatever you want, want, want, want, want, want, want [Kanye West] Now as soon as I change up Everybody else tryna step they game up Won't they, don't they, will they, nah Still niggas feel Ye So do whatever y'all want, whats the deal  Whatever you want, want, want, want, want, want, want Whatever you want, want, want, want, want, want, want [Kid Cudi] I see them hoes over there they ain't you And all the superficials want to trade your shoes I see and never mind everything they might say Baby girl sex good as well as the BJs And a nigga can't front [John Legend] Hey girl, we gon live it up tonight Hey girl, welcome to the Grammy life Hey girl, you know hows this goes Doesn't get old, centerfold Is all I know Whatever you want la la la la Whatever you want La la la la la la La la la la The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: De La Soul w/ Common Album: Stakes is High Song: The Bizness Typed by: OHHLA.com Intro: Common (Craig Mack sample from "Get Down") And and bass up the track a little bit Cuz I I'm here I wanna hear that boom bish boom, knowhatI'msayin? Yeah yeah you know the bizness Common Sense, soul with the De La Get all them play-ahs We the rhyme sayers Huh, and that's the bizness, hah Gonna do it like this Gettin it that Like the Chicago streets Verse One: Dove I speak divine of God theories, no need to be high Always exhale the facts cause I don't inhale lye/lie Play the greater man's game, to bounce off my losses So I can earn the acres (uhh) the houses (yeah) the horses (huh) Of course it's much greater than your Benx or your Lex The engine to my comprehension is just too complex Much too complex, EFX/effects be live like Das Making moves down South, to avoid the chaos And never, flaunt the coin cuz dime-getters be gazin They call me Luther Van, they say my style is so Amazin I'm fazin those who're supposed to have the last laughter Cuz even when I'm gone I'm reappearin in the after I haveta, send respects to real money makers Do not connect us with those champaign sippin money fakers Taste the quarter pound with spice from Chi-town Now what that prove, you're so full you can't even move Chorus: Cause I'm the D-to-the-O, the-V-to-the-E And can't another brother cook these delicacies Well I'm the P-L-U, the G-to-the-One Walk around the planet earth making money having fun And I'm the C-to-the-O, double-M-O-N I sit and think with a drink about how I'm gonna win I'm the C-to-the-O, double-M-O-N I sit and think with a drink... Verse Two: Common Do you wanna be a MC? Or do you wanna serve Do you wanna be dope? Or do you wanna deal it Fabricated acryllic, I feel it, I'm the style molester I do a show get Extra P's like the Large Professor In fact I get more hoes than Tessa, peep game like a refa-ree in soul control of my desti-ny, in the best of, three out of five Whip ANYBODY ass at NBA Live, rappers take a dive like Greg Lougainis with his bitch-ass Rather be in Bebe's alley, than at the click with gators Not a hater of the players, I'm more like a coach, or an owner I Used To Love H.E.R., but now I bone her (ahuh-hah!) At one point in rhyme I thought I lost my erection But then I got it back with the Resurrection, blessings upon rhymes old man who called him traitor Big Com Stradamus niggaz styles I predict Chorus: I'm the C-to-the-O, double-M-O-N I sit and think with a drink about how I'm gonna win And I'm the D-to-the-O, the-V-to-the-E And can't no other brother cook these delicacies Well I'm the P-L-U, the-G-to-the-One Walk around the planet earth making money having fun Walk around the planet earth making money having fun Walk around the planet earth making money having fun Verse Three: Pos I'm the most from the coast of the Eastern flav' Droppin more knowledge than litter, on the New York pave' It's me, wonder why, in the place to be Certified, as superior, MC While others explore to make it hardcore I make it hard for, wack MC's to even step inside the door Cause these kids is rhyming, sometiming And when we get to racing on the mic, they line up to see the lyrical killing, with stained egos on the ceiling My rhymes escalates like black death rates Over music plates, being played as the rule Kids thinking stepping to the Soul, you're labelled fools who claims to drop jewels but for now you do the catching I don't worry on what crew you run, or what section of earth you reside, you're not even a man So I don't seem it mandatory taking your pride But I will, cause my man said Soul for the life You cried "Keepin it real", yet you should try keepin it right That's understanding microphone mathematics Which leaves the currency in temporary world status And when one shows he posed threat to this one This one will make that one into none Simple equation, zero, you shouldn't play hero If you can't stand Strong like the Island I'm from Chorus: Now I'm the P-L-U, the-G-to-the-One Walk around the planet earth making money having fun Yeah, and I'm the-C-to-the-O, double-M-O-N I sit and think with a drink about how I'm gonna win And I'm the D-to-the-O, the-V-to-the-E And can't another brother cook these delicacies See can't another brother cook these delicacies See can't another brother cook these delicacies Outro: Common Ahh that's how, that's how I'm supposed to do my thing huh Like triple it, alright That's how we do it, all the way from Strong Island to Chicago The type of freestyler flow Yeah, it's fluent, and we don't need to flow no more Hah Intro: *this comes before "Wonce Again Long Island" on the LP* To my man Mos Def yo he nonstop To my man Enola, yo he's nonstop And to my kin de Calhoun, yo he's nonstop Yo that girl MP, yo she's nonstop And to that crew Camp Lo, yo they nonstop And to that nigga Pop Life, yo he's nonstop And to my cousin Fudd Love, you know he nonstop My brother Lucky and Pert, yo they nonstop And to my man Joe Buck, you know he nonstop And my man Extra P, yo he's nonstop And my man Mike Divine, you know he nonstop That kid called Baby Paul, yo he's nonstop And to the Jazzyfatnastees, yo you're nonstop And my peoples Beatminerz, man they nonstop And to my man Mr. Bug, you know you're nonstop And yo, Litro, yo, he's nonstop And to, my dean The Green, yo you're nonstop And to my man Prince Paul yo he's nonstop And to that man Kid Capri yo you nonstop And A Tribe Called Quest, man they nonstop And don't forget the Jungle Beez yo they nonstop Extra Verse: *sampled from "Down Syndrome"* Let me tell you a little something about Soul (tell em son) I be a piece of the East coast, so give a toast to Plug Wonder why back in the day who soaked his words in jigga So when I ran a phrase in June you didn't catch it til December I'm a member of them kids from the inner city Giving you kitties audible treats, you be aching for making more money than a pagan holiday Not from the PJ's, yet I still got something to say The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: De La Soul f/ Common Album: The Grind Date Song: Days of Our Lives Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Common] Uh, yeah, uh, yeah, uh [Chorus: De La] + (Common) [Dave] Yo how the days of your life go Com? (I'm just tryin to be)  [Pos] That's it? (Stayin focused so my mind is free) [Dave] Watch the problems of the world go by like balloons [Dave] If tomorrow come now (it might be too soon)  [Pos] Too soon? [Common] I want the boom in the back of the truck Ain't nuttin the matter with a good dude havin a buck With that on my mind, I'm on the grind, it pays We break it down in these three ways, yo These days, I travel the Maze like Frank Beverly To the East, lookin for pieces of a better me Responsibility of my man's felony fell on me Celebrity status, make 'em think I got celery Hell and I do sometimes, still the sunshine ain't even all day (Yeah) The life of a baller, ain't even all play I stack 'em, so the chips fall where they must I ain't far from a Benz, or dude on the bus Even when I don't have enough, still in God I trust Said baby you're a star Said I'm on the car, seen the jiggiest of stars become dust, and one love become lust for the papers Had you gassed now that - gas became vapors Tricked your cash on ice; shoulda had acres Now your, empire fell like the Lakers So you're talkin to your maker It's the nature of the business, they givin niggaz inches Takin miles and mules, it's the wildest rules I'm tryin to walk in the black scent of proudest shoes Makin music that the crowds can use [Chorus: Pos, Com] + (Dave) [Dave] Yo how the days of your life go Dave? (With sunshine and shade)  [Com] That's it? (Tinted window grades and Kool-Aid) [DeLa] Watch the problems of the world go by like balloons [DeLa] If tomorrow come now (that might be too soon)  [Pos] Too soon? [Dave] I want twenty-four plus on these Put the pinto engine and the bus on these I get that first class seat to escape the days We break it down in these three ways Check the life I got that antidote, canteloupe scent, bent back in the sunroom froze, put your flick on pause (and pop a cork) There's no occasion nigga it's just because I'm celebratin for a hell of a day Get these barbie filets on hot charcoal tracks, so black Darko Pecoltrane plays them back We them freedom fight kids who gon' ball and raise fists If y'all down for the struggle, c'mon y'all, resist Everyday script, I exercise cheek Sixteen on the bar, I exercise speak (ha) It's been a long time, Long Isle's on the map While y'all stand on the corner, stoned like Chris {?} Kiss back, watchin time - wrist back Every second count but just finish this lap You gamble on your life like casino slots and cash out and still walk with a knot [Chorus: Com, Dave] + (Pos)  [Com] Yo how the days of your life goes Merce? (Man I'm just holdin my head) [Dave] That's it? (Shit, I'm also tryin to hold this bread) [DeLa] Watch the problems of the world go by like balloons [DeLa] If tomorrow come now (that might be too soon) [Dave] Too soon? [Posdonus] I furnished the rooms, and mortgage on these See them quittin ass rappers caused a shortage on these The soul boys of big illa-noyz get the praise We break it down in these three ways My moms died from secondhand smoke; so I wish yo' ass would die from them secondhand rhymes you wrote Or shall I call them second rhymes - written seconds 'fore you enter the booth Words thrown together with very little truth And a select few can do it (true) you ain't part of them scriptures And got the nerve to feel you want me out the picture But I was never in it, I'm the frame around the flick Or dishin in the mouth of your dame around my dick Ladies and gentlemen, introducin Workmatic One of L.I.'s finest, and this is "MY LIFE" Which is filled with bad minutes and good hours and, good months and bad years and with my peers we struggle to juggle the shit Family life and the music game don't easily fit My lady wants me home, sayin rap tour three rap whores and scores of scandal, even more than we can handle Sometimes, the rhymes I say Is the fly the currency to save the day Can't turn it away, cause we out to find presennce way beyond our measure, so baby don't pout [Common] Don't pout, De La Soul now turn it out Don't pout, Common Sense'll turn it out Don't pout.. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DJ Honda f/ Common Album: DJ Honda Song: Interlude Typed by: nelly@itis.com Intro: On the southside. Ha gon get down with that get down let me spit rounds this is how that shit sounds check it out ch'all. Ha. It's the, metaphysicals some say the score the revolution therefore I have come, a calm before the storm Words are born formed drawn in the brain Sorn scorn by the pourin' rain But I can stand it seldom do I feel stranded Granded I stand with the style that is free  I'm the Mandela ask Nelson brothers love me I lay it lovely I'm ugly bogus on the mic I strike like a teacher rappers are line Stand in line with they signs tryin' to picket They pick it the way I kick it Cause with it I'm not wicked cause that's malignant I use my figments which is vivid And give it to ya baby like love without no limit I have no limits no gimmicks no image don't mimick I'm finished no minutes to be timid Which shit stick should I spit with? I'm the nitwit that shit sick I stick with and kick with The crew I clique with that's who I sit witha and trip with And sip with the buds are lifted and gold digified And hit without equipment I've often been depicted On the solid when it likwit  Yo this is shit is for my man Honda The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Faith Evans f/ Common, Ghostface Killah Album: Again 12" Song: Again (Remix) Typed by: Davida.b. [Intro: Common (Ghostface Killah)] Yeah it's Common Sense (Yeah it's your boy from Staten Island, just came to put my two lil cents in) Yeah, it's good music ya'll, with Faith Evans, Comon Productions (word) Again, the remix, let's do it [Common] I was told everything that happened, happened for a reason And one man's forever might be God's season Been in love so deep it was hard for me to breathe and Knew somebody like me, but it was hard for me to see him How he talked freedom, but didn't know if I was walkin it You can find love but quickly get lost in it I fostered it, knowing I'd love it for a while Learing to be a man, but love it like a child Somehow my light ya'll became my rain Heartache and pain started to say my name The game of fame and love stopped playing with me People asked me "Did you see her pregnant on tv?" When that rain came I tried to maintain as it drenched me Now I ain't the same man, father or MC I see where God sent me loud and clear If not for the smiles and tears I wouldn't be here again [Chorus: Faith Evans] If I had to do it all again I wouldn't take away the rain Cus I know it made me who I am If I had to do it all again I've learned so much from my mistakes That's how I know he's watching me [Faith Evans] In ATL I caught a case And the media tried to say I had a habit, I couldn't manage And I was throwin my life away (oh yeah) But everything ain't what it seems Just because it's on tv Cus they speculate and exaggerate for a better story [Ghostface Killah] Ayo I came up in the grimey environment Drugs and court cases, raised in violence Everywhere I turned I had the right to remain silent In the mix I got high, smoking rulers and did dust on the side But I was still fly, written rhymes, neigborhood beefs Caused me to see, had to humble myself to a degree But I still caught three bullet holes and I gave it back That moment, can it be, I know God recorded that That's how clear it gets, through my experience (word) Take what I did and give it back, ya'l be serious Goin through hell and them painful trials That's what made me the dapper that I am right now Only one man can judge me, he in back of the clouds And I hope he forgive me what I did to them towns I had the newspapers shootin me down with scrutiny You can't change how I live my life, I came to make it beutifly [Chorus w/ Common ad-libs] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Fort Minor f/ Common, Styles of Beyond Album: The Rising Tied Song: Back Home Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com [Common] Uhh, yeah, yo We 'bout to take y'all to the tip, to the crib Let's do it Mike (yeah) [Chorus: Mike Shinoda] Back home (back home) everybody's searchin for somethin But all they can find's a whole lot of nothin Back home (back home) ain't nobody hopin and prayin Cause they feel like nothin can save 'em And they try to hold out but they can't fight the fact that life goes black when those lights go out But I guess you gotta just watch out for your own Cause ain't a damn thing free back home (back home) [Common] Back home, they holla "disciple" and "blackstone" Same block they freebase, yo we trapped on Where our grandmothers marched, the guns clap on There's liquor stores, beauty supplies and rap songs I travel the world just to come back to it The crib got a lot of soul like black music I'm attached to it, in many ways this city raised me And gave me the drama, honor and bravery The streets seem hollow, when I go to Chicago It's cheap wine and sorrow, times is hard to swallow In search of God's tomorrow, I borrow words from the Bible, and use them for survival Gangs rival, signs painted on walls like hiero-glyphics I tell them that this is all tribal Used to do dirt, shorty's goin through the same cycle And trials like Michael, tryin not to stay idle  back home [Ryu] Back home, it's not Compton but close, the same problems exist And the pain throbbin and folks are so common It don't, really bother us much, we just swallow it Uh, crack the bottle and smoke Hope tomorrow somethin magical happens that'll put me back in the biz But the chances of it actually happening's kinda slim Back home, we get the good life at a glimpse in the form of a rap star, drug dealers and pimps I'm back, home [Tak] Back, home - I try my best to keep it together It's cold, like the Windy City streets of December I pace back and forth, lookin for the courage to shine But can't tap the source, need somethin to nourish my mind I know we all lose quite a bit in life, only to gain some Life or the dark winding roads we came from But I move with the night so I'm used to the shade And never lose sight, bringin truth back to the game [Mike Shinoda] Back, home - we've got a lot of shit on our minds We're always behind on somethin cause there's not enough time And we're non-stop, bottom line, doin what we gotta do to get some food in the fridge and stay out of the hospital Back home there's people callin us hopeless People tryin to tell us all we need is some focus But, focus, focus is overrated Cause you see every blemish and mistake and can't change it Back home is Alvarado, K-Town and J-Town Or Little Tokyo for those that don't know Where figures shiver, livin right in the litter Where kids write bigger, right inside the L.A. river On the concrete, a symbol of our everyday way It's that color and concentration over heavy and gray And by the time the ink dries on this page I'll be half a day away from the place where I stay (yeah) [Outro: Common] We takin it back home y'all Yeah, it's Common Sense (yeah) My guy Mike (what up Com'?) S.O.B. (uh-huh) yeah This time we rotate, it's good music (ha ha ha) Hip-Hop (it don't stop) yeah, uhh It's home for me baby, yeah The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Funkmaster Flex f/ Common Album: The Mix Tape Volume III: 60 Minutes of Funk Song: Common Freestyle Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Yeah yeah It's Funk Flex y'all With Com Sense bwoy Understand it's a rapture Volume three the final chapter Ain't nuttin but that b-boy thing goin on from Chicago to New York to all over ?, y'all, yo, check it Rap warlord, stay on point like a scoreboard Ended up with a foot in your mouth, wishin for more doors I walk through the corridor of fame, with nuthin but game, this shit's a game, rhyme mission: to educate and entertain, after Rasheed don't shit remain but afterwash My first joint was aight, second and third, tight like ?Shanda Lox? or Puff and The Lox the name Com's a paradox Deliverty of my first one I coach like ?Landit Cox? Don't like a cat that handle rocks that ran in spots Ask D why my video ain't on The Box yet Styles similar to the hustle, cause You Can't Knock it An unidentified object, to the third optic In battles I leave niggaz on top of each other like the projects Not knowin the science behind it, by it they were blinded My book of life in five rings are binded, what? Yeah, yo, yo, yo, it's Com Sense y'all Uh, uh, with Funk Flex y'all Yeah, yeah, it's volume three bwoy Yeah, yeah, and for the b-boy Yeah, yeah, yo, yo We gonna get down, we gonna get down.. Artist: The Game f/ Common Album: LAX Song: Angel Typed by: quik_2_kurupt@hotmail.com [Common] I spent my day so, first I pray yo  Then I lay low, looking for the halo Or more yayo, my little angel Reminded me to stay playful Faithful walks I take in the woods Thinking whats good, things that I can't change I should Things I can't, need to be understood Th-this is the bliss, I used to drift from the hood For a second at least, I'm resurrecting the peace Pipes that Indians used to like, we called it Chief, right? Stepping on the leafs right, to reach heights Th-th-th-that I never seen, it's so so evergreen Some use it for medicine, or to write better things I was in Amsterdam, man, bike pedaling To the nature spot, to taste the flavors they got My eyes drop, I like it a lot Yeah, an angel I wanna turn up the sound and spread my wings because I'm riding with my (Angel) Going through the city of the Chi make me feel like I'm in the city of (Angels) Oooh I wanna fly, fly away with my (Angel) She takes me high, she will always be my (Angel) [The Game] Th-th-the way that I rhyme, blow nigga's mind Like the first time you heard Mary J and you were standing in line To purchase tickets to see her blow like Chicago wind And I'm ridin with Common looking for Chicago Zen And like Chicago winds, I was once a Street Disciple Rockin every Jordan shoe, Nike put out by Michael That made me feel like I could fly, sometimes I wanted to die Prolly cause the angel dust was fuckin with my third eye So I start hip-hop and I understand why Common used to love her She got me open so I even had to fuck her But I used the rubber, cause she was married to Rakim So I bought me a gold chain, pretendin' that I was him So I can get close to the girl I loved the most But she left Cali and went on tour with Ne-Yo and Ghost Big gave her one more chance, and she took Big down I should've knew it, Shock G and Pac told me "She get around", an angel (Chorus) I wanna turn up the sound and spread my wings because I'm riding with my (Angel) Going through the city of the Chi make me feel like I'm in the city of (Angels) Oooh I wanna fly, fly away with my (Angel) She takes me high, she will always be my (Angel) [The Game] Fly away, fly away My love for her is not about jewelry and cars I love her cause she love me, just for who I are Who I is, who I am, resembles the rims on the Lam' I shine like Shyne when Barrington Levy was sayin, "Didilly whoooa!" I got love for the streets, peace to New York and every hood in the East Before I was duckin' cops, gunshots, I used to be an L.A. Dodger, now I'm a (Angel) From the city of lost souls, Impalas and polished gold Between the car, and the rims, we got a lot of chrome Your hood not alone, they knockin, we not at home And when they bust in, we not Caesar, but got it wrong Cause they try to wire phones, I'm talking Verizon phones The ones they put wires on, they got us on tap But I put wires on, my Bentley in fact I spit it through the wires on a Kanye track I wanna turn up the sound and spread my wings because I'm riding with my (Angel) Going through the city of the Chi make me feel like I'm in the city of (Angels) Oooh I wanna fly, fly away with my (Angel) She takes me high, she will always be my (Angel) [Common] Yeah, it's The Game and Common Spread your wings, follow your dreams Things will be so serene, L.A. and the Chi is a team Yeah, angel supreme  Yeah, keep on Yeah, it's for the world boy, we do it forever, yeah The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Game f/ Common, Kanye West Album: Jesus Piece Song: Jesus Piece Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Game] Tell 'em pray for me It was God that brought Dre to me Even brought the nigga Kanye for me Bless - but them niggaz shot Big Made a nigga feel ashamed of the city where he live Make a nigga hate the logo on the Dodger cap Thinkin back to that Beamer, wish my nigga 'Pac was strapped But I'm dreamin Las Vegas Boulevard, Afeni's son bullet scars Everybody king of diamonds 'til the feds pull they cards Not the deck though Hip-Hop was better off when it was just Dre, Scarface and Esco Memoirs of the gold chain It's a cold game nigga, Johnny Coltrane Black Versaces with the gold frame Nigga said he sold 'caine, that's a bold claim 14 had a brain that could throw flames So strange have to blow they mind, Cobain [Chorus: Game] + (Kanye West) Momma forgive me cause I'm tryna make a livin, hahh Them niggaz hatin cause that Rolls Phantom killin, hahh Niggaz shinin like they hangin from the ceiling, hahh Me and 'Ye killin (Somethin like my Jesus piece, hahh) Lord willin, I see a billion, 'til then I let my nuts hang (Somethin like my Jesus piece, hahh) Throw them suicide doors up and let that Holy Ghost swang (Somethin like my Jesus piece, hahh) [Game] That's that +Crack Music+ nigga Never spit a verse cause I was makin trap music nigga I'm not an army, I'm a movement The flow is water, Andre tried to Ice Cube him Ice cubin, roof translucent Chick on my side tryna get my Trues loose When I'm talkin 'bout God, she 'posed to bow her head Now she all on the blog, steady postin 'bout her head Got me thinkin like a father - is the world safe? Got me clingin to my daughter like shark fins in water Rocks in my ears somethin Titanic This my life and it's exactly how I planned it, damn it God says everything happens for a reason I've seen four seasons at the Four Seasons Take that chinchilla off, poor kids is freezin Cookin up in the same pot they ain't got to pee in [Common] Pieces on gold leashes Cruisers, around greases make them cohesive Uhh, I'm the sun shinin with God features Draw closer to a true Blood bleeder, soul of a Southern preacher Went from dinner with bottom feeders to world leaders We throw the peace up, knowin that the world need us Eagerness to live life and see the bright lights to sacrifices we made it's sorta, Christ-like At the afterparty thinkin what the afterlife's like He paid for my sins, is it really priced right? Fuck it, I see the light, +Raw+ Stacy delight Can't deny my Jesus piece that's so, Peter-like Chicks crow for dough, get low for mo' A combo piece, she end up at the condo Another Jane Doe or a golden angel Pendant on an angle, watch the chain glow The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Game f/ Common, Dr. Dre, Nate Dogg Album: You Know What it Is Vol. 3 Song: Where I'm From Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Common] Yeah yeah whattup doe this Common right here Look, my nigga Game, you know how we rotate Chicago, to Compton Gangbangin the revolution boy, aight? Yo it's love, my nigga Game, peace (DJ Ski, is bringin it to the streets!) [Dr. Dre] Streets is talkin, sayin Dre done changed And he ain't been to the hood, well how the fuck I find Game? I studied this rap shit, still a "Hundred Miles and Runnin'" Still makin Aftermath classics You might catch me out in traffic Oh-five Aston, bitches askin "Where I'm From" Y'all forgot who helped 50 Cent pop I ain't spent my own money since Eminem dropped In eighty-fo' I had the streets locked I am to gangsta rap what Biz Markie is to beatbox Niggaz think cause I stopped on that "Detox" I traded in my All Stars for some Freeboks Speakers still bumpin, the beats still comin Compton's version of Phil Drummond Same Dre, "Different Strokes," same six-fo', different spokes Same "Chronic" just different smoke [Chorus: Nate Dogg] + {*scratches*} If you don't know {*"Aftermath, nigga with a attitude"*} {*"Game time niggaz, Westside!"*} Where I'm from {*"Nigga with a attitude, Straight Outta Compton we rock khakis and Chucks*"} If you don't know {*"Almost lost my life when Dre dropped The Chronic"*} {*"Legend in the making*"} Where I'm from {*"Aftermath you bastards, watch your colors in this City of Angels"*} [The Game] Y'all niggaz got it fucked up, what you thought cause I'm from Compton I couldn't do numbers like Usher? Platinum certified, nigga that's a mill' plus Play both sides of the fence cause the Crips feel cuz See me ridin with Nate, nigga it's still Bloods You can C-Walk to this homey it's still love Nigga I've been bangin since Mary J. did "Real Love" (If you don't know) I painted the Rover black The West coast is back, I can smoke to that Moms got the CL-6, that's a fact I bought the house, I'm just waitin on the platinum plaques Niggaz lookin for a cat to jack Homey I'm willin to do two life sentences back to back So please don't push me You niggaz is WNBA - all pussy The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Guru f/ Bob James, Common Album: Jazzmatazz, Vol. 4: The Hip Hop Jazz Messenger - Back to the Future Song: State of Clarity Typed by: illWill8893@yahoo.com * The word nigga is censored in the song* [Common] My mind blows decisions, at times indecisive I think about the paradox that life is Keep my head to the sky and understand who Christ is Turn off the news cuz everyday is a crisis Lifeless *niggas* on the couch weeded out Its like LaDanians certain types of *niggas* out my life I weeded out I believe in the route of soul before paper No gold before labor, truth told with no glaziers Days are getting darker quick I was told it was written, Ima author it Wanna go the same place that the martyrs went The Black figures on the wall in my apartment Like LaDanian yall I be charging it Touching down with the people from my town Its the Chi that be giving me my ground Dug in the crates of my soul and I found, clarity Chorus: Guru + (Common) Be yourself, (yeah and be so clear) Hey yo, just be yourself, (and be so clear) So just be yourself, (yall be so clear) C'mon, just be yourself, (and be so clear) (repeat x 2) [Guru] Toiled in the trenches, faced judges on benches Betrayed by some that I failed not to mention Standing here now in the best condition Up, outta the dirt so I suggest you listen See money cant make you or me Protect my mind with nines cuz it shines more than jewelry Used to do things that werent too productive Now I breathe life into mics for your comfort I see past the groupies and goldiggers to find women How I'm living? Doing me and not savagely driven Taught the game of fortune and fame So I'm not playing no more I hold the torch with flames I've lost and gained at the same time Mc's biting and swagger jacking still commit the same crimes Once you see past the surface That trash is worthless, with me you get a lasting purpose The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Hi-Tek f/ Busta Rhymes, Common, J Dilla, Nas & Marsha Ambrosius (Floetry) Album: Hi-Teknology 2: The Chip Song: Music For Life Typed by: DaSun_Akbar@HotMail.Com **NEXT MESSAGE** [Message #1: J Dilla] Yo, I don't know where to start Uh, check it out, music is - my total existence, dawg, straight up Everything with my life revolves around music It's like... you can't get a relationship with.. I'm still with.. my first love which is music You'know'what'I'm'sayin'?, fo'real The reason I'm here is.. is J Dilla, just like that, peace **END OF MESSAGE** **PRE-SAVED, NEXT MESSAGE** [Verse One: Nas] Yea, yea It started with rhythms I heard listenin' to the wall The bouncin' of basketballs on playgrounds and all The empty bottles that's hollow, wind blowin' inside 'em The flow and the rhymin' got my alignment to a Science Mixin' with my moms in the kitchen, them spoons rattlin' Pots and pans, faucet water pourin', tunes managin' To come from all the fussin' and ramblin' What I noticed was -- pure music, untampered with By things show biz does; older thugs showed us stuff Like how to hold a plug, juice from the street light It almost could have blowed us up Crates of records, great sessions had the whole hood jammin' Large speakers, fresh made, smell the wood sandin' Father did his blues smooth, legendary jazz man Saw his wife secondary to his true passion Started with my crew rappin', new jacks in '82 Never looked back, now look what it changed me to.. music [Chorus #1: Marsha Ambrosius of Floetry] We gotta believe the future We gotta believe the past We gotta believe in more Didn't know that we had it We gotta believe each other We gotta open up our minds 'Cause music is for life.. for life **NEXT MESSAGE** [Verse Two: Hi-Tek] Uh, what's the difference between me and you? It's that I'm real kind show, this rap shit, I'd really do it My whole life man is really music Through my bass line, I'm livin' through it Another expression of life, I couldn't live without it I like my music pure, not watered down DAMN!, it felt good to fulfill the dreams of gettin' out the hood Kept me busy, gave me a chance to stop sellin' drugs Spinnin' time in the basement kept me from actin' up Zonin' out, wishin' Dre. could check it out I'm here now, I can't believe it, Proof in the puddin' Everything happened for a reason Through this music I'm able to feed the family When I'm stressed out, it's my insanity It's a life style, all in the streets and in Hollywood Music in my DNA, it's my livelihood.. music [Chorus #2: Marsha Ambrosius of Floetry] We gotta believe the children We gotta believe in hope We gotta believe in more Didn't know that we'd know See we gotta believe each other We gotta open up our minds 'Cause music is for life.. for life **NEXT MESSAGE** [Verse Three: Common] Keep the music alive The good and the strong survive I closed my eyes and imagined I was 'Jackson Five' Randy and Michael goin' through life cycle Music alive leader, let life go So vital to a youngster, comin' up amongst street hustlers The big be the toucher's, since such a special place Givin' the ghetto a taste of what freedom is like I reached a point in my life where I was needin' the mic No second guessin', self-expression in lessons learned Aggression, became sessions where sessions burned Put my soul into it, 'naw my feet is firm And the game, where name is hard to earn And hot cat's career gets scared and burn Through the years, mine took a Godly turn This is the story of my life here trapped in a verse No matter the money or the movies, music is first, yea.. [Chorus #1: Marsha Ambrosius of Floetry] [Chorus #2: Marsha Ambrosius of Floetry] **NEXT MESSAGE** [Message #2: Busta Rhymes] Ayo, Hi-Tek whattup?, you know who this is It's your boy Busta Bus down, Flip Mode Squad, aiight Now, you know, this is serious thing behind the music that we're doing It's like.. music, for me man, it mean, it means everything, feel me You know when we going through, our personal stripes in life You'know'what'I'm'sayin', we get up in that studio close that door, lock ourselves in, that little four-wall space man Get in the vocal booth and become whoever you wanna be Express whatever you wanna feel, you'know'what'I'mean? When you going through your most frustrating time in life You'know'what'I'm'sayin', you can realize that.. When you can't find nobody else to speak to You can speak through the music Help other people feel your pain, your struggle, your passion You'know, what you live and die for, your values in life You'know'what'I'mean?, music man Is the voice of every being in the Universe What God had provided for us to communicate, when all else fails It's what allows us to be able to connect With touching our hearts & the soul of the streets **FIRST SKIPPED MESSAGE** [Message #3: J Dilla] Yo, I'ma Rosemont legend nigga, I'ma felony nigga Keep rollin' the motha'fuckers in my nigga Like the bait, they..they.. hopin' on it When the bait go in nigga, they can't playa hate on it I'm comin' back niggaz, stronger than ever Watch this nigga, bony bones, clever if ever Playa hater, can't motha'fucker, fuck with this My baby momma even talk about my shit, haha I'm hotter than hot, hotter, what?, tell 'em boo (Hang up the damn phone), yea, I'm on, alright Bony bones in the house, nigga **END OF MESSAGE** The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Hi-Tek f/ Common, Vinia Mojica * Album: Hi-Teknology Song: The Sun God Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash * she vocalize during interludes with no discernable words Common... Common... [Common] Yeah, yeah Hi-Tek [Verse One] Free the rhyme or risk a dig into a deep sound abyss Unit in the stash the beats and never found the shit Experience like Hendrix, keep my sound enriched Cats ask about my stitch, to me they soundin bitch In my sounds the glitch of hatred, for cats who ain't make it I'ma give it, as far as you can take it Tried to take the safe way, told you there's a gateway to skinny Many can find it but few can climb it I'm open-minded like a pothead Doin what I gotta do to keep the spot fed In the climate, of locked dreads, corn-rows, torn souls Worn hoes, who been molested by they uncle I bundle, amongst you cold mother-uckers The world is bitter, like baby mothers Look how far El Dorados and wine bottles drug us Least God and the sun love us, it's the Sun God [Verse Two] Everywhere is broken glass Nephews smokin squares, nieces smokin grass Try not to say shoot around my daughter she already know to blast Catchin the future, don't know who threw the past It's the, year of the snake and the hidden dragon Niggaz is fake like bitches braggin Listen to the ocean and the stars, keep my vision in motion In motion like cars I'm down to Earth, at times I feel closer to Mars The world is yours, I'm hopin it's ours Some say the Gods is crazy, I see God in our babies Child of the sun, I allowed it to raise me (.. from a distance) niggaz tried to appraise me I'm hard to read like graffiti so it don't phase me My days be spent, behind dream's tent Through the sun the divine being is sent It's the Sun God [Verse Three] Letters from prison sayin we need a better religion I'm a rebel that listens from a eighty-seven position I can't crystalize the mission lies within Born to die even in death we begin It's heavy 'jo learnin what we already know and carry low swing on a chariot slow Brothers stick though remindin me of revolution If the drama comes I'ma have to uhh pop his gun It's the Sun God, yeah The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jadakiss f/ Common, Nas, Styles P, Anthony Hamilton Album: Why Remix 12" Song: Why (Remix) Typed by: Ydog88@yahoo.com [Intro - Anthony Hamilton] All that I'm given It's this pain that I'm living (The Remix, The Remix) They got me in the system Why they gotta do me like that [Styles P] Why is garbage music selling a lot Why is the music industry state of mind real far from Hip Hop Why vote republican if you black Why build more jails, less schools cause we under attack Why I keep the fo' pound in the air The revolution will not be televised if around here Why keep my right fist in the sky I let them know that "We Gonna Make It," don't plan our demise Why you gotta teach your kids on your own Cuz when you get in the zone, they bringing you in, you both getting cloned Why we still gotta pray to Allah It's Hip Hop, this the New World Order and they playin us hard Why rappers getting protection Why the country ain't flipped when they jerked the votes the last election Why die for all my beliefs I gotta look at my kids I rather smile then cry when he's sleep That's why [Chorus - Anthony Hamilton] Why Why they got me strugglin, why All the brothas caught behind bars Drained up in the system going crazy I'm battling my pistol going why [Common] Why do they say I changed for a girl Why you worried bout my clothes if my flow gonna change the world Why you wait till you 30 then try to be hard Why I gotta have religion if I believe in God Why is Bush acting like he trying to get Osama Why don't we impeach him and elect Obama Why ain't Rick James remembered for classic hits Why do we remember Rick for smackin a bitch Why did Ricky Williams retire, they mad at Miami Why did Justin sell Janet out and go to the Grammy's Why you kill on every song, why you frown at discriminance So many thrones, why we argue who is the King Why it's over for gangsta, why it's over for bling Why they hype Britney up, they know she can't sing Why a whip and a chain the black american dream Why I know it in my heart it remains unseen Why [Chorus} [Nas] Registered voter not blood of a panther Why is the question what is the answer Got a suggestion, here's an example Won't we build our own airline, states, and highways Fly to Africa, do some trades with Zimbabwe Why did Malcolm's mission die with the man Why we ain't pick it up where he left it and carry out his plan Why the merger try to exclude L.A. Reid He brought you Usher, Outkast top-selling CD's Why do half America got AIDS Why do schools care about your son's braids more than they care for his grades Why they hate our white t-shirts and hats turned backwards And why is Jesus Christ never played by black actors And why there ain't a MC that can touch me nor budge me And why is Nas the best thing in rap since Chuck D And why this record ain't sell 5 mill yet Jada's as real as it get Put my money where my mouth is And do something bout this [Jadakiss] Yo by thugs I'm surrounded Tell me why is it the money motivates me but the love keeps me grounded Why my cases ain't get thrown out Why team USA keep getting blown out Why the Democratic part ain't getting with me Why they still hanging black bodies in Mississippi Yea, why did governor McGrevey get caught with a lizard Why they take away Shyne's phone calls and visits Why I been hot for 7 years Why the new M5 come with 7 gears Please tell me why y'all keep making that trash Why they reinstating the draft, why is it so much hating you have And why sell records and keep working Why we go on stage with the bread with the feet working It's real, why when I loved on die you miss them Why it took for me to make "Why" for y'all to listen The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist:	Jamie Foxx f/ Common Album:	Unpredictable Song:	U Still Got It Typed by: jamx3k@yahoo.com [Girl] Do I look fat to you? [Jamie] Baby, you know I love you [Girl] That's not what I asked you [Common] Uh, uh, uh! (Whoo!) [Jamie Foxx] Girl I know you're goin' crazy (crazy!) Let me help you understand That you got to have my baby That we about to be a fam Don't you know when we got married We'd be true through thick and thin Well I know you lookin' thick now But I'm wit you to the end [Chorus: Jamie Foxx] You still got it (You still got it, girl) (Everyday, everynight you know you rock my world) Don't you know that you still got it (Your emotions flowin') (Cause you know that your body's growin') Don't you know that You still got it (Yeah, them jeans is snug (I ain't mad at that, baby you're my only love) Don't you know that you still got it (Oh baby, loves crazy Cuz you havin', my baby)And it's so much more to love [Jamie Foxx] See you walkin' through the mall now See them outfits that you like But you scared to try 'em on now Cuz, it just want fit you right And you steady watchin' Oprah Tryin' to redefine your life But as long as you're my lady I don't care about your size Your hair (your hair, I know) I noticed your feet are swelling No need to cry, I dig the thighs That's why I'm tellin' you! [Common] I look at my lady, and then my day begin to shine I told her, "Baby, bein' beautiful is only a state of mind" And you are so, had to let your mind and your heart know it The more you grow, the more I see God glow I know it's probably strange, seein' your body change Can't fit your clothes, nose ain't the same My loves still remains, it won't vary with me Looked and smiled and said "Damn, she carryin me" A life that we created, we can cherish forever You're growin', but it's sexy, the sex is even better But through thick and thin, pickles and peanut butter It's a divine mother, queen and supreme lover, you still got it! [Jamie Foxx] I, know, that, you, still, got it (Baby I know you still got it!) Don't you know that you still got it (No matter what happens, baby, oh baby!) [Ab-libbing through the remained of the song] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: J Dilla f/ Common Album: The Shining Song: E=Mc2 Typed by: roel_sinson@yahoo.ca * * send corrections to the typist [J Dilla] Yeah Let's go Turn it up Introducin' World famous beat junkie Jayyyy Dilla Yeah I got my man with me [Common] Get up get up, and rock, and rock The humm the humm and knock and knock You out the atmosphere This rap here something that I felt in the moment Of truth, opponents in the booth Inspired, is what I write, fire like 'roof' They say that I'm as hot as the block is I say that I'm as cold as the dark is Moms sit in the cut Tryin' to get my niggaz in the den he walked by Hold his stoony up Hole in his +Chest+ like Cody +Nutt+ Smoking his cess, he blow it up As if schemed out the window lobby Similar sex, revolution and techs on the death When niggaz shoot for extra loot and respect Live and direct effect from the C-O Double get your paper 	 We stay up out of trouble nigga [J Dilla] Get up stand up throw you fuckin hands up If you got the feelin' jump up touch the ceilin Get, get, get up get up Get get get, get, get up, get up yeah Get up stand up throw you fuckin hands up If you got the feelin' jump up touch the ceilin Get, get, get up get up Get get up, get, get up, get up, get up yeah Get up stand up throw you fuckin hands up If you got the feelin' jump up touch the ceilin Get, get, get up get up I get get, get up, get up yeah [Common] Get up niggaz, get live ladies Since the early 80's I rock the planet daily Radio Rasheed this is how I do when I write things The party for your right to fight scenes Baby girl you as young as the nice seams on tight jeans Should have been Kahlua or ice cream My pipe dream's long as the fight scenes in The Matrix Scorpio rising, sex fiend by nature Try to control that shit so my soul don't get Dirty for some girly, unworthy of the flowers I admit that I got strange powers Brain showers Like the Eiffel, leaning thru life cycle Hold the bible and a rifle That they do me might go Get me in the spotlight, turn the lights low Make you wanna holler like tooti I abuse the disciple Beats, streets meets speaks mind, times and life yo get up [J Dilla] There it is Uh It's like that Yup, yeah know how we do it The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: J Dilla f/ Common, D'Angelo Album: The Shining Song: So Far to Go Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com [Intro - D'Angelo] Ohhh, ohhhh... I wanna get closerrrrrr to you baby... Ohhhh, ohhhh, ohhhh... Ohhhh, ohhhh, ohhhh... [Chorus: D'Angelo] You have come so far You've got so far to go... (Yeah) You have come so far You've got so far to go...(Yeah) OHHHHHHHHHHH-mm.. [Common] Let go, and let me live inside you What your mouth don't say, baby your thighs do.. I want us to arrive to - gether, I love it when the weather is wet and sticky, some depict me as being conscious, yeah I use my head It was you that fed, my appetite for seduction Bitin and cussin, makin love and uh! [*exhales*] Touchin where no one has ever touched before The heat, got you open like an oven door Because of your innocence even more you'll remember this, hardcore gentleness.. Before you wasn't into this On the ride, your freak became limitless... Holdin on to the night and me tight as we write on the walls...a story called 'Go' [Chorus w/ variations and echoes] Ooooooooooh baby! (yeah, yeah) [piano break that continues beautifully over Common's next verse] [Common] I love it when we do it, you do it like you believe it Able to give and receive it with openness Emotions just spill I'm givin you something that you can feel, it's hard to stay still.. Rubbin your desires up against mine I feel you shakin, I'm thinkin that next time My fingers on the hook of your neck.. Deep in your eyes is a look of respect Soft wet brown sugar, mixed with cinnamon.. said you learnin to trust men again If this is love, made our self is made for you to feel empowered at the same time helpless You dealt with a lot and your screams and moans Somethin 'bout you go off that I see I'm home For we don't have to think no more - it's synchronicity and raw and this is what I came here for, uh [Chorus 2X] [D'Angelo repeats] Go on.. [Chorus 4X] [J Dilla plays piano throughout instrumental break as faint conversation is heard as song fades] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Jonas Brothers f/ Common Album: Lines, Vines and Trying Times Song: Don't Charge Me For the Crime Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com {*sirens and cop calls heard in background*} [Common - Intro] This is life in this World... Some things go right, some things go wrong This is how the World can be... People just wanna be free, yeah.. [Common - rap verse] The verdict came in and they said I was guilty I looked at the judge, "Hey, America built me" Tried to get rich, but they label me filthy Only God can judge, touch me, feel me? [Joe Jonas - verse 1ne] (Common) My friend calls me at 9 o' clock Says, "Get the car, it's time to rock" Never heard him speak this way. (Let's go, man) I grabbed the keys and hit the road It's all a flash but who would know  how this story would unfold? Don't charge me for the crime [Chorus: Joe Jonas] (Common) (Wrong place, wrong time) Don't charge me for the crime (Wrong place, wrong time) Don't charge me for the crime [Joe Jonas - Verse 2wo] (Common) My friend gets in the car with bags  filled to the top with loads of cash (See this paper right here?) Puts his pistol on the dash... (Yeah, it's time to get money now) He says, "I'm sorry for the crime that I've involved you in this time You're the only friend I've got so don't charge me for the crime" [Joe Jonas - Verse 3hree] (Common) I start to freak and scream so loud  just like the females in the crowd That's when he gets in the head... (C'mon man, c'mon man! We gotta do this!) "You could live just like a king with everything you'd ever need All the dreams of every man (Yeah...) Don't charge me for the crime" [Common - rap verse] Siren soundin, my heart was poundin I looked at my man as the cops surround him A teen on the scene with, no objective The American dream can be so deceptive [Joe Jonas - Verse 4our] (Common) Now I see the flashin lights There goes my future and my life Now I've gotta do what's right... (Aw man...they got us, man they got us) I stop the car and throw the keys  Out of the window, sets me free  I throw the pistol in the back (Ah, ah, ah) Throw him out of the car, I said, "You know me well I'm not goin to jail, I'M NOT PAYING YOUR BAIL!"  But even when I say DON'T CHARGE ME FOR THE CRIME~! [Chorus becomes intensified] Don't charge me for the, crime The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Just Ro f/ Common Album: Make It Happen Song: Confusion Typed by: marsg69@hotmail.com [Just Ro] I used to practice my skills, on slanted backs of fields Slingin' Sugar Hills, tryna get my bills Raised on monk ills, wit cool ass folks Who wore jeans to they thighs, wit f-o-t-i's I epitomize game, y'all niggas know my name Rollin wit the Nation, the business and the frame Y'all can keep the fame, its all about the ends The shorties in my hood, my family and friends That Benz in my yard, that credit on my card After twenty-five years, had this nigga livin hard Like God I'll rise, to open up your eyes Sista close them thighs for flirtin with them guys Show your real prize, true playas takin heed As we drownin in this sack of water weed For real [Common] Give us this day, Richard got our Daley bread molded My old girl said "Rashid, you should have voted" The truth of the moment, on the poll it wasn't nothin But components to a system that's coroded Secrets get coded then promoted to the inner-city bosom Jobs are scarce, most sur-die by hustlin I get into discussions with the Christians and the Muslims Of percussion in this real nigga ensemble, Chicago City of steppers and niggas with wild hair Besides the Hall there's the foul air Wonder if I'll raise my child there Regardless its the foundation, a hustla's salvation Organized gangs are now Nations Chorus:(Just Ro, Common) It's the Hustler Scholar, Street Soldier Supreme Bound by common ground, here to put it down Comin from the Go, Ill State for sho Out for respect and the doe, bust that. It's the Hustler Scholar, Street Soldier Supreme Bound by common ground, here to put it down Ill State for sho, comin from the Go Out for respect and the doe, yeah yeah [Just Ro] They say the early bird is the one that get the worm' So I rise before the sun, not to be out-done Steppin to the world thinkin "Ro, get the doe" Wit the grill a little bent, so you coward niggas know Hit the nine-tre, hook wit E and get blowed It ain't even 9 o'clock and we got the block sewed Takin what we owed, never front on what we know I gotta give some love to Big Money and B.O. Avoid the nonsense, and resurrect your mind Everything gon be fine, now its my turn to shine I elevate the blind, rewind his-tory Knockin off you marks when we for the fame and glory Average bars bore me, come before me wit credentials Ain't impressed wit yo body and yo dentials [Common] Stimulated by a tree of drama, I advance on a branch Of respect and honor, A patient of the Ill State Senate of trauma, never been one to side wit harma- for Armaggedon, I'm gettin armed plus armor The karma of a martyr, On the rise Like the temp in this South Side sauna The preface to the Book of Life states to pake humid To it I react by stayin strapped wit the Mack of Courage Parallel to a carousel of murders I prefer to make a life than take a life Stopped at the street caught wise and made a right Sorta How I play my broads is how I play the mic First I cuff it, then finger fuck it, check it Spit somethin rugged, other niggas be reluctant To touch it after me, passively they strike Never matchin me, rapidly though classically I franticly, verbal tapestry tappin the keg of your conscience Navigating niggas like Farrakan with a compass Chorus Just Ro, (Common) Now y'all know (let 'em know) Its like that (how we come through) Common Sense and Just Ro (South Side, West Side, everywhere) Its like that (y'all know we universal, yeah) (Prepare the universe, for the original Black Man) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Kid Capri f/ Allure, AZ, Case, Common Album: Soundtrack to the Streets Song: Life Goes On Typed by: LilWayn226@aol.com (Rich Nice - talking) Ladies and gentlemen, my name is Rich Nice And on behalf of Trackmasters Entertainment I would like to welcome you to the Kid Capri  Soundtrack to the Streets album We have so many entertainers  I would like to welcome to the stage right now Allure, Case, Common Sense and The Firm's very own AZ (Case background) Come on, come on, come on, come on) (AZ) A nigga seen it, triple beam shit, brown and green mix Fiend this, made for machines that kick Blow ya speakers out, only the real I speak about Made to freak you out, fuck with ya mom but teach you routes Nigga spots rollin, shoot-out, gun shots blowin Older niggas got shorties on the block holdin Lost, my youngest cousin sittin up north Takin a short from another nigga hittin 'em off Two to four, guess it's no tellin what some'll do to score Four pounds give off sounds through the door We waited, but now it's time to designate it You hate it, had the drop but hesitated (Hook - Allure & Case) Life goes on, life like two's and five Who decides what's wrong or right Just got paid feelin good tonight Life goes on In my world, life like two's and five Who decides what's wrong or right Just got paid feelin good tonight Life goes on and on (Common) Yo A-Zilla, you know I ain't the type to play killa But this day still arrives in my mind like a light A damn Thursday night, and plans to be out 'Til the night served daylight, but it ain't happen Rappin to myself 'cause it wasn't no one to rap to This villian came to me like 'somebody lookin at you' 'Cause I'm Common Sense and I rap consciousness He was prompt to diss, mad 'cause my guy used to knock his bitch I could sense he was tryna' bring it, but I wasn't ready to recieve it Fact I make him leave it Before he popped some shit I did the opposite and stole 'em Back his lady tried to hold him, like Big Pun I scold 'em and told 'em I ain't a shooter I just punch a lot Between blows this big tried to up his glock His brother watched swoop like big daddy on teenage love He got ??? to my tape by C nigga Dub Got his dome in a hug, muffed his broad back with one hand Tried to pop, it must've been a ??? 'cause the gun jammed Unplanned I disarmed this trick, nigga Pistol-whipped his ass, his ladies, I was palmin it Hollered '87 reign dominate' Needed a fight that night, me and my woman had an argument (Hook - Allure & Case) (Case) People come and people go, there's one thing that you must know Life goes on yeah No matter what you're going through, I'm just trying to tell you Life goes on and on Everybody's got their own thing, some just don't know how to handle it I need to tell ya, you need to know 'Cause I know, life goes on, life goes on (Hook - Allure & Case) Feelin good, feelin good In my world, in my world Feelin good Where you gonna go Feelin good The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Kid Cudi f/ Kanye West, Common Album: The Man on the Moon: The End of the Day Song: Make Her Say Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com [Chorus: Lady Gaga's acoustic version of "Poker Face" sample] (Kid Cudi) (I make her say...) Oh, oh-oh-oh, oh, oh-oh-oh oh (When I..) Pa-pa-pa-poker face, pa-pa-poker face/poke 'er face (I make her say...) Oh, oh-oh-oh, oh, oh-oh-oh oh AH-AH-AH-OH-OH.. (Whaddup..) Pa-pa-pa-poker face, pa-pa-poker face/poke 'er face [Kid Cudi - Verse 1ne] Me first...heh! Uh, uh-uh, she wanna have whatever she liiiike (liiiiiike) She can if she bring her friiiiiend (friiiiiend) and we can have one hell of a niiiiight, through the day Ay, I mean starin like a creeper 'cause you got a peep 'er I mean you pro'lly might be sayin you ain't jockin either But man, ol' girl got a fat ol' ass Yeah, the type to make you tell a bitch +Just Dance+ And FUCK them other niggaz 'cause you down for her bitches FUCK them other niggaz 'cause she down for the stickin And FUCK them other niggaz, hope she down for some lickin And FUCK them other bitches 'cause she down for the trickin Loooove, I'm hopin she a rider When it's said and done, hope she spit it up and swallow noooooow I ain't gotta trip about the niggaz who like her 'cause me and mami know who could really make her goooooo... [Chorus w/ different ad-libs] [Kanye West - Verse 2wo] (What she talkin 'bout, 'Ye?) She said she want whatever she liiiiike She said she gon' bring her friiiiend and we gon' have a hell of a niiiiight, through the day, I made her say Hold up (yea?), born in '88 (Word?!) How old is that? (Man!) ...Old enough I got seniority wit the sororities So, that explain why I love college Gettin brain in the library 'cause I love knowledge When you use your medulla, oblon-gata And give me scoliosis/skull-iosis until I comatoses And do it while I sleep, yeah a little osmosis And that's my +commandment+ you ain't gotta ask Moses More champagne, more toasts-es More damn planes, more coasts-es And fuck a bus, the Benz is +Parked+ like Rosa Osa... [Chorus w/ different ad-libs] [Common - Verse 3hree] She said she want whatever she liiiike (liiiike) But you gotta bring your friiiiend (friiiiend) and we can have one hell of a niiiiight, through the day She +Blamed It+ on the al-ah-ah-al-ah-alcohol She had her hair did, it was bound to fall Down, down for a damn, Cudi already said it A poker face book, I'd already read it But man, her head was +G.O.O.D.-er+ than the +Music_ Electro body known to blow fuses A stripper from the South, lookin for a pay day Said, "Bitch, you should do it +For the Love+ like Ray J." "But they say, you be on that conscious tip" Get your hair right and get up on this conscious dick I embody everything from the Gali to the party It's the way I was raised on the Southside Safari, so [Chorus w/ different ad-libs] {Lady Gaga's "Poker Face" sample} (Repeat 4X) Can't read my, can't read my No, he can't read-a my Poker faaaaaaace She's got me like nobody The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Kid Cudi f/ Common Album: Man on the Moon: The End of Day Song: Simple As... Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro] A-B-C {*4X*} 1-2-3 (A-B-C, A-B-C) {*2X*} 1-2-3 ("robotics") 1-2-3 ("::") {*2X*} 1-2-3 ("robotics") 1-2-3... [Verse One] Simple as that for your simple ass Ask about that pretty simple math I'm dreamin on G.O.O.D. for a sicker plan Sicker than any other nigga could be thinkin man I can't be a loser coulda figured that I can't be a lame I'm cooler than that I feel I love the fame, then I hate it back Thinking, now what I should be twitterin? Why'd big bro take all the hot bitches? Dear God me too, I like the hot bitches I'll be the underdog all along 'til I'm gone I will live through this song, I'll be strong through the haters As simple as that {*2X*} As simple as that for your simple ass As simple as that {*2X*} As simple as that for your simple ass As simple as that {*2X*} As simple as that for your simple ass As simple as that {*2X*} As simple as (1-2-3) [Verse Two] Uhh! Simple as that for your simple ass Timple way I wish you woulda called it how it shoulda been They try to tell me they don't get it, they don't know the deal Now I'll be damned I came this far to let a fool live I gotta terminate the hate, spread the positive But how to be not whack and cheesy to the little kids So I curse like a sailor and I smoke weed I am exactly who what all the rappers' kids be And who they love, hands to the universe Probably into the drug addicts if they spit a Cudi verse Mad little mama sits her down, verse all out her purse Long as the booty lookin juicy and he's stylin on 'em [Common] As our hero seems to be dreamin in peace A dark chapter unfolds throwing Scott into the most eerie and unstable part of his imagination So intense he cannot tell his dreams from reality This, is the rise of the night terrors... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: KRS-One f/ Common Album: D.I.G.I.T.A.L. Song: A Freestyle Song Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash "As we procede, to give you what you need..." [KRS-One] Turn up your radios right now, classic! Hip-Hop culture in full and total effect MCing, DJing, breaking, graf Management, philopsophy, you not stoppin me KRS-One, comin down from heaven From Hot 97, Lisa Evans You know what time it is, it's time to sever KRS-One will never, fail, time to exhibit Yo whattup kid, we get with it We come down, you can't forget it (uhh) My man - Common Sense, yo you intense You gonna come down in just a little bit But KRS-One will have to get with, the lyrical skills that we flip Bronx in the house, OHHHH (uhh) I'm givin what I got to give It's my prerogative to kick the positive I'm givin what I got to give - now listen up~! As I, procede, to cut my... voice like this it goes, Scott Scott, Scott LaRock Scott, Scott-Scott, Scott LaRock, Scott Scott LaRock And Trouble T-Roy, Biggie, Mastadon, Cowboy (UHH) Scott Scott, Scott LaRock, Scott-Scott, Scott, Scott LaRock It goes Scott LaRock, and Trouble T-Roy Biggie, Mastadon, Cowboy Whiz Kid, Punk and Buffy, Eazy-E Sugar Shaft, Prince Messiah, Mercury Pinkhouse, Tupac, Tu-Tu, Tupac Tu..Tu-Tupac, Tu-Tu, Tupac, Scott LaRock And Trouble T-Roy, Biggie, Bi-Bi-Biggie, Biggie, Biggie Mastadon, Cowboy, Whiz Kid, Punk and Buffy, Eazy-E Sugar Shaft, Prince Messiah, Donald D KRS-One in the house, you know how we be Comin through straight from the mighty BDP Yo Common Sense (what) you wanna get on? (YEAH~!) And represent kickin a freestyle song [Common] A freestyle song The microphone I palm, like it was a Sunday But today is a Monday, Sunday my day of rest Yo "I'm Still #1" but I gotta say peace to KRS (HAA!!) I can say I'm fresh when I come in Style start to runnin, a hundred styles and runnin Rappers I start to gunnin This is what I do when me and KRS get together I ask Lisa, I will be here FOR-EVER (EVER, AHH!!) Puttin stuff together This is how I weather with the brainstorm Let my name form a lot of things, yo the man of the hour Peace to, Power 106, they put me in the mix like Hammer but I jam a, little bit (hah, what!) Yo this is what I'm doin when I'm feelin like I'm Latrell Sprewell when I start to stealin on cultures Pullin posters, they just roaches, thinkin they the joint I'm on point like Rod Strickland, I be the big man Comin to New York with a new talk from Chicago Follow, I roll like a model, hold the bottle Com Sense I never swallow my spit, I just spit on rappers On they grave, they better save that bull This is my zone, whack MC's they better call Tyrone I got me and KRS, you know the time I show the rhyme, check it out We show divine, how it goes down [KRS-One] Straight to your mental it's the style of the Temple Worldwide representin the microphone and the pencil Like Brooklyn Brooklyn be always funky fresh Dope hooks and dope rhymes, that's always KRS Their words can't hit me, their dogs can't sic me Their knives can't stick me... {*fades out*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ludacris co-starring Spike Lee and Common Album: Theater of the Mind Song: Do the Right Thing Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com [Spike Lee] Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah Hip hop nation, this is Spiz-ike Lee Been sleepin for too long, wake up.. Wake up - WAKE UUUUUUUUUUP! {*rooster crows*} [Ludacris] WAKE UUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUP! {*rooster crows*} I see the sunshine GAZING through the window pane (yeah)  Blazin like indo flame; it's to WAKE UP!! Come to yo' sense manye Snow is all around you, but you don't play in the winter games! Cartridges surround you, but you ain't playin Nintendo games! Load 'em up and fill 'em up, to the top before you cock and aim Tryna get from the bottom to the TOP, like the stock exchange Shower shit and shave and hit the corner for a block exchange Amazing what my people'll +DO+, for some pocket change But maybe this ain't the life that you chose (chose) This is the life where you stay strapped  and pack a knife or end up with a blooded nose Street survivor or survivor of the streets! (streets!) And only the strong survive, there's no survival for the weak! (weak!) Catch a sneak peak of DEATH if you ain't on ya Ps and Qs They carry banana clips and niggaz'll peel you for ya shoes It's the +Blues+, but not on +Hill Street+ Hmm, you could call it, "kill or be killed" street "Lost a pint of blood, let it SPILL" street STOP AND WAKE UUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUP!!!!! {*rooster crows*} WAKE UUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUP!!!!! {*rooster crows*} They say my folks'll do WHATEVER for the fortune and the fame And it'll take a FORTUNE to get rid of all the pain, but I'm sayin  Use your brain homie, do the right thang! (Lemme talk to 'em) Use your brain homie, do the right thang! (Lemme talk to 'em) You say the only family that you got is in a gang And the only way to make it is by sellin cocaine, but I'm sayin Use your brain homie, do the right thang! (Lemme talk to 'em) Use your brain homie, do the right thang! (Lemme talk to 'em) [Common] I've been in this 'ere since we were drinkin beers Years we've spent together, used to break up, get together, split a fight Every night, gettin cheddar, movin white Our thang, so we had to +Do it Right+ like Spike Holdin 40s, gettin green on acres, these broads were our mules That's when we used to serve in front of Com'wealth School Fuel for cars and jewels, chains and tools It was +Organized+ crime but we remained +Konfused+ Mom in the pews, singin, "Lord, protect 'em" You might not a-gree with our views, but you had to respect 'em Diamonds in the rough, but were we reflectin a system that's aburpt, the streets, or no ?pressure? One morning in the mirror, I seen my reflection A young man with good spirits, but needed direction I guess my man's death, was my +Ressurection+ 'cause now I hear him sayin from heaven, "Wake up! (WAKE UUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUaaaahhhhh-) Wake up! Wake up! Wake up! Wake up!    (aaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhh-up!) Wake UP! WAKE UP! WAKE UP! WAKE UP!" [Chorus w/ Common rapping the 3rd+4th and 7th+8th line] [Ludacris] I, woke up this morning and got a call My pot'nah said he had news about a girl named Baby Doll She got fo' baby daddies - fo' kids by fo' different men And she just found out she's pregnant, I said, "No, not again!" Man, when she gonna learn she don't wanna spend her life in court? Lookin for back payments and fightin for that child supports Chasin checks, chasin her ounce of respect, chasin paper Chasin entertainers or rappers and ballplayers Not carin about a condom, I say, "Help her Lord, PLEASE" 'fore she stuck wit mo' babies or ends up fightin some di-SEASE You know that you a momma and mommas, we cain't lose ya (no!) Treat yourself better, you carry seeds to the future (whoo!) And the future looks dim if we don't get ourselves together We gotta sacrifice, some do WHATEVER for the cheddar So make the right decisions 'til you ready to give birth And know that you the most precious gift we have on this earth Babies, stop and WAKE UUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUP!!! {*rooster crows*} WAKE UUUUUUUUUUUUUUP!!!! {*rooster crows*} [Chorus 2] They say my folks'll do WHATEVER for the fortune and the fame And it'll take a FORTUNE to get rid of all the pain, but I'm sayin  Use your brain baby, do the right thang! (Lemme talk to 'em) Use your brain baby, do the right thang! (Lemme talk to 'em) You say you want a family but it's hard without a mayne And the only way to make it is to get him fo' his change, but I'm sayin Use your brain baby, do the right thang! (Lemme talk to 'em) Use your brain baby, do the right thang! (Lemme talk to 'em) [Spike Lee - Outro] Wake up, wake up.. It's a new day! C'mon brothers, wake up C'mon sisters, wake up ATL, wake up, wake up, baby Chi-Town, wake up wake up Brooklyn's in the house! Wake up, Brooklyn! Ludacris! Common Sense and ME, SPIKE LEE! {*echoes*} [Ludacris] Always do the right thing.. I got it, I'm gone *echoes* The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mya f/ Common Album: Moodring Song: Real Compared To What? (Bonus Track) Typed by: kfu12@hotmail.com (Intro/Bridge) [Mya] Try to make it real compared to what Real, real, yeah, lets make it really real Real real, yeah, lets make it really real, yeah [Common] If it's real to you is it real to me How can one judge what I feel in me? Makin moves y'all but it's still in me We all move in search of stability Sweet dreams, mama it's reality Times I stand out like a balcony In a material world full of fallacies The truest place I found in me That's wussup! (Chorus) [Mya] Try to make it real compared to what Compared to this y'all Ain't nuttin real y'all Try to make it real compared to what *harmonizing* [Mya] Sock it to me now [Common] The real can't be brought or sold, taught or told The boy tried to keep it but he lost his soul On the road to the riches he lost control About the eye of a needle I was often told If you stand for nothing then you'll fall for gold Then your actions all is told [Mya] And the games you better have all control But babe it's all a go You better recognize what's real Or you might jus lose your soul [Common] Thru life's actions, cars, fitteds, cameras snappin Pop life, is it a demand for passion Are we really real or are we actin Right thru the face, smiles and maskin Rationalize the real recognize Real, it's all in the eyes Some times I feel it's all a disguise The truth is revealed then I realize That's wussup! (Bridge) [Mya & Common] [M]	Try to make it real compared to what [C]	Keep doin it, I'm feelin it [C] 	Keep doin it, I'm feelin it [M]	You know the... [M]	Preacher's doin evil tryin to teach us right from wrong [C]	False prophets diggin in our pockets [C]	Situation tight don't fall for the hype [M]	And everywhere you turn [M]	They're criticizing what's goin on [C]	In this time and place, tryin to find a place [C]	I can get free and just be me [M]	IAlways judgin by the cover [M]	There's got to be a reason [C]	Open ya mind, seek and define [C]	The realness in all mankind [M]	And ever since the wind blowed upon their voices [M]	What have we done? [C]	We losin, abusing life [C]	Tryin hard to be real when real is right [M]	Everybody (c'mon) got to make it real 	Everybody you got to know the deal (know the deal) 	Everybody got to make it real 	Everybody you got to know the deal [Common] They say money make a man strange Is it money or he don't understand change Money to be real, we campaign If it's you, then just do ya thang, thang Maintain who we are as the game change Everybody wanna star in the same game I ain't travel this far to do the same thang It's a trip how the real now is mainstream That's wussup! (Chorus) (Bridge) [Mya] Try to make it real compared to what Gotta make it real so you know it's real Try to make it real (let's do it)...sock it to me know! [Common (Mya)] To my people keep rockin on To my people keep rockin on (rockin on) To my people keep rockin on To my people keep rockin on To my people keep rockin on To my people keep rockin on (my people keep rockin on) To my people keep rockin on To my people keep rockin on (keep rockin on) Rockin on keep rockin on (reeal....) Rockin on keep rockin on The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: N.E.R.D. f/ Common, De La Soul, Mos Def, Q-Tip Album: She Wants to Move 12" Song: She Wants to Move (Native Tounges Remix) Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com [Q-Tip - Intro] (Pharrell) To the, uh to the ah, um um ah To the, uh to the ah, um um ah (Bass) To the, uh to the ah, um um ah To the, uh to the ah, um um ah [Common] Do-do-da-dom-ga-dom (AHH!) HEY! She move, she move, I like the way she turn around but somehow still face me A sweet girl, a-ah, ah, was tasty for the cash, she +Dash+ like Stacy Said she wanna move from there on some Lil' Jon shit, all she knew was "Yeah!" ...Told her act like you know Pimpin the game, had to act like a hoe Inside she was black as a 'fro Sheen of a queen on a booty shake scene Seen with a chick, a dude to make green Change colors, change cities, change dreams You can be in the game but you need to change teams We both all papers so we in the same genes It'll pop, you ain't gotta go mainstream So get with this rebel things and let's move [Chorus: Pharrell] Hey mista, look at your girl...I housed her... And she gon' fuck now, don't you know that? I housed her... (Don't you know that?) I housed her... (Don't you know that?!) I housed her... (nigga) And she gon' fuck now [Mos Def] AHHHH-OWWW!! And that's how I fell You ain't checkin your dame, then I will She got a secret that her body cain't hold She got close to the bass and let it go-ah High tide, everlasting {?} flow-a Set that down on freak radio-ah Push it up 'til her antenna show-ah Horny out nipple stereo, AH! What it is, where ya at? Here we go-AH! Double-dare, ante up, tally-ho -ah! Lights down, lights up {?} bulb - ah! Super duper fly, supernatural - ah! Hips in a twist, thighs on her work - ah! Starin past her room, actin like you know - ah Like it wants-a, here we go ma [*Mos Def panting*] (DAMN!) [Posdnuos] (Dave) AIYYO!! - You must feel well-rested from all the sleepin in on the fact That yo' lady's in-vested.. into the mind games boarded at - myself  But wealth's not the reason It's my poor if you any (hardly) Oddly enough for wantin to get in between her like dots between them letters N.E. - (R.D.!) Huh, she just wanna be free Submerge herself completely within (Sweat) on the floor from Alpha to End Lend me yo' ears, my countrymen Cause this city boy has no fears Rep NY everyday, all year But I rep in the name of my love for how you're movin The chance of you backin it UP, to make me.. [Dave] (Posdnuos) Hey yo, beat it, boardwalk! She ain't property Parked her place in my Monopoly "Sixteen Candles", she blew me in my birthday suit I wouldn'ta thawed her with that bracelet star Ace Saw, she a little athletic But he's goaltendin (swat for shots) Playin the mind gamesn (wantin to watchin meeeeeeee...) She that Ultra Mag and OTAG Spray can sexy (Psss! Psss!) The colors got gang niggaz callin the truth (PSSSS!) Make a madman go chase the life  and vacate his faith and go browse the proof But your shops got gates in front, the basic hunt Your ligaments thicker than possum meat You possibly, define a one-night stand But I won't know, because of your man [*dog barks*] [Q-Tip] Escort your honeydip to the Native Tounges show She's a Abstract freak, and you didn't even know The lights go down, her body hits the ground Clearly she's affected by the Q-Tip method Her Jungle Brothers shirt is the symbol of her heart How much you wanna bet more than her bra is wet How far you gonna go to block the lady flow She just wanna move, unless you bust her groove I didn't even mention that the tail is Titanitc I didn't wink back when she winked, so don't panic Pretty guinevere with her hands in the air One more drink, ma should fuckin stay there Don't be the jelly bean whose color turns green Be the proud man, let go of her hand *woof* Let her get more to the four on the floor To the, "Um, chicka, ah da um, um, da ah!" [Chorus 2X - w/ Q-Tip "Um-chicka-ah-ing"] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Shaquille O'Neal f/ Black Thought, Common, Joi Album: Presents His Superfriends Vol. 1 Song: In the Sun Typed by: bootleg210@msn.com [Common] I spit feelings that soar over brick buildings And get children and families to live better Live whether rain or shine Picture Com' free, is my frame of mind My day combines from comedic to the gate of mines Tastin my favorite wine, tryna stay divine Realness around my neck, is my way to shine I ain't made for time or age My mind's a page that few can read Made for you to breathe through the seeds I plant Tear down Babylon, rebel missions The hustler traditions carry on since Avalon parked dames I battle long to spark days Being the son that I am, got gramps offered ham for lint She gave me the scriptures, told me to understand it It's bug from my own planet I can see the sun Waitin for the savior while I wait for me to come I'm comin in the... [Chorus: Joi] - 2X Rain, rain, go away I need ya sometime but not today I wanna live, play, run, in the suuuuun! [Black Thought] The language is mine, I take advantage of that I'm like the ghetto thug B-Boys, Brittanica black I gotta style that man-handle the track Thought, Common, and Shaq, ya couldn't hold the animal back Me, I been all emcee since like '73 In South Philly with the 'fridgerator empty I know the feeling of the whole world against me I know the feeling of the game tryna pimp me, for real It never break me, or make me move the thing off safety while I maintain control Rather process the info than swallow it whole You never bothered breakin the mold, you out in the cold Trustin in a fake nigga cuz he act and joke Stead of dealin with the ac-tual Yo, too many hard times, detour signs, and tears And the police stay livin in constant fear Another gunfight, where? In the sunlight [Chorus: Joi] - 2X [Shaquille] It was all a dream, I used to read Word Up magazine Now I reign supreme, sunshine hit the bling Life; seen some of the strangest things Fake niggaz and women, they tryna hit me for my cream I touch a soul with this vision I love to go back and re-live it cuz it seems so vivid Before the money, and the fame, and the stardom Before you schemed on Diesel, like what it cost em Original, never ask where the style's from And what about the haterz, that doubted the album You didn't think B.I.G. could do it again I'm top fifty with a ring, see I do it to win... (Heheh) Now my name back on the streets Name back in the jeeps Can't tame my platinum speech Ain't nuttin like being young and content I'm comfortable with life, never worry where them chips is spent Stop askin me about Kob'! Y'all heard me say Twiz before, you seen the way I clutch the globe Yo y'all niggaz ain't forget; the world is mine I'm from the New Jeru's Brick City - and that's my sunshine [Chorus: Joi] - 2X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ozomatli f/ Common Album: Embrace the Chaos Song: Embrace the Chaos Typed by: Nature2QBC@aol.com *sample of peace rally being broken up* [Common] Embrace the chaos C'mon and embrace the chaos We like to, embrace the chaos, yeah *singing*  Yeah Am I a patriot of the chaos? Everyday I watch young studs play blocks In front of buildings, dealing what they gotta Currency and game exchange (What else?) Souls bought and talked with the Father of Time Ask if I'm embracing it I either wasting it  My mind feel like I'm chasing it Everyday it gets harder to author a plan Consult with the gods cuz I know they smarter than man It's hypnotic how the chaotic harbor the land Through raw metals, slick women, cars and sedans Guess we all part of the dance in one way or another The way a man beat his woman, feeling that he love her They way five children get killed by their mother Parts of the universe still to discover The real uncover fake Whether love or hate For revolution, chaos we embrace *singing* [Common] It's like I wrote for freedom My god sticks in "You gon' have to tote for freedom" I awoke in the p.m. To let my folks know it's gonna  Be a brighter, there's light that shines on the corner In the dawn of the chaos, I try not to be A pawn or a player So nights I stay up Write words, for me it's like a prayer Knowing it'll be, I put it in the air And stare at the emotions of those in the commotion Hoping its the chaos that we grow from Opened a cold one, build with warriors that hold gun For the same prize, our souls run From they window, they see no sun I say "Revolution, when he gon' come?" Yes he came, in way that may seem strange Only through chaos will we ever see strange *trumpet solo* *singing* The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Pete Rock f/ Big Punisher, Common, Noreaga Album: Soul Survivor Song: Verbal Murder 2 Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Big Pun] Yo, Terror Squad, Pete Rock collabo' From git-go, yo yo Aiyyo it's such a shame  all these dick riders tryin to corrupt the game But what it bring, nuttin but pain and one in your fuckin brain Ain't nuttin changed since the album I'm still whylin I'm still violent I've been waitin for this moment like Phil Collins, for all my life I've been trifer than trifer Hyper than hype, when fightin to fight It's like, tonight is the night And I ain't even tryin to let a nigga slide I've been dyin to get a gat I dared to try now prepare to die I rush your crib like Jehovah's Witness, blow up any soldiers, infants, hold up, did you notice my heroic entrance? I'm so relentless in this field of rap, everything is real in fact Fully backed by bullies who be peelin caps I sack the rapper like li-nebacker, play my rhyme backwards you can hear the Devil speak his mind with fine graphics Things get drastic, Express for my plastic I pack clips, between my nuts and my fat dick Chorus: Pete Rock Grab ahold cause you never heard a verbal murder like this Cash comes before soul, so watch your shit Every cat wanna be enormous Plottin on the next one Murder one	(repeat 2X) [Noreaga] Aiyyo my whole circle, make you feel it like The Color Purple My niggaz comin through and still hurt you Wipe y'all Kleenex cats who stay full of germs We hit Fifth Ave, while y'all still hit Stern's Don't really care bout y'all, really hear bout y'all Yo on our side we do our thing, play the cut let the phone ring, Pete Rock connect team From M-V to L-C, my thugs straight thuggin it Snatchin niggaz out of the booth, unpluggin it Strange Fruit, my niggaz live to shoot Yo it's a strange thing, a nigga never had a suit Yo so bust what happen, remember the unknown's a clap-man Cat stackin, move out the hood that's in Manhattan Got big headed, misleaded, then dreaded Yo the beef deaded, his whole squad afraid to set it Yo I heard son, son is rockin iceberg Dunn Got up out the hood, wouldn't believe that, this cat would Head mad swollen, flamboyant this man golden Yo the Senator, crime sinister, John Dillinger Better respect my words or I'm the minister What?? "Verbally I catch bodies" "Let's seperate the men from the boys" -> Guru "Verbal attack" -> Cappadon "Big Pun" -> Punisher, "Noreaga" -> Nore, "Pete Rock" "Common s-s-s-sSense" -> Com [Common] Yo, we just begun the story, Com Pun and Nore Look to the sun for glory as time runs before me I'm after the day of judgment I'm still before the jury, explainin why I was in a gun orgy He was FUCKIN wit me, I ain't no duckin emcee With the knowledge there's a little thug blood in me This stud bumped into me, beef it was fin' to be My Appetite for Destruction is finnicky He was an industry type, influenced by magazines and snipes Rocked Adidas but he had no stripes I could tell in high school that he had no fights Hold dick better than he hold mics, he spiked his punchlines with current events, called for backup like one time when he heard it was Sense that deliver words with intents to kill Whether the hip-hop type, country rapper, or big wheel I peeled some raps back, that peeled his cap back Fucker thought I was Abstract, now his life is backtracked In the center of the party his crew identified the body Left him signin the wait-list sayin, "I can't take this fake shit" (echoes) Yo.. Yo! Big Pun, Noreaga, Com Sense for the nine eight Get it straight The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Pharoahe Monch f/ Common, Talib Kweli Album: Internal Affairs Song: The Truth Typed by: Nature2QBC@aol.com [Pharoahe Monch] Yo Truth had me up against the ropes  and semi-concious without no boxing skills Fear of it makes hair on my neck grow like minoxodil Watchin the clock is ill when, faced wit the truth Parallels observing, amateur video tapes of Twenty-one top notch NYPD cops get ill Fill they minds not to kill still son, never revealed True feelings, we speakin on the truth right now in itself is healing See The Creator, created existence and balance At right angles, unless it was conceived and stated So whoever shall stray away from right lives wrong The deliverance of the word false opposite of truth off course Sure as my slave name sending Troy Donald Jamerson paves the path, enabling truth To stay stable and cling to EARTH! Sorta similar to the way static electricity sting see Truth brings light, light refracts off the mirror Visions of yourself and error could never clearer The truth is that you ugly, not on the outside But in the inside on the outside you frontin you lovely The discovery of these things and all are well-hidden But when you in denial of self it is forbidden, that's the truth [Female singer] In due time we will find [Common] *speaking behind vocals* See it everywhere, gotta recognize it Let the truth be told from young souls that become old >From days spent in the jungle, where must one go To find it, time is real, we can't rewind it Out of everybody I met, who told the truth? Time did We find kids speakin cuz it's naturally in us But the false prophets by tellin us we born sinners Venders of hate, got me battlin my own mind state At a divine rate, I ain't in this just to rhyme great See the truth in the thighs of a stripper, the eyes of my nigga If it's only one, then why should it differ So constantly I seek it Wonderin why I gotta drink a six pack to speak it Took a picture of the truth and tried to develop it Had proof, it was only recognized by the intelligent Took the negative and positive, cuz niggas got to live Said I got to get more than I'm given Cuz truth'll never be heard in religion After searchin the world, on the inside what was hidden It was the truth [Female singer] Truth, truth, truth, truth, truth, truth In due time, we will find [Talib Kweli] Check it, on my neck I still got marks from the nooses The truth it produces, fear that got niggas on the run like Carl Lewis The truth is my crew is the smoothest bits of saliva juices like the roots is More organic than acoustics Heavenly ? set you free and kill you in the same breath That shit you gotta get off your chest before your death, unless The way you speak is lighter than a pamphlet Cuz the truth give the words away to the planet goddammit I ran wit what God planted in my heart and I understand it To be the bring the light to the dark, breathe some life in this art This must be the truth (why?) cuz we keep marchin on (true) The truth lay the foundation of what we rockin on (true) You can't see it if you blind but we will always prevail (true) Life is like the open sea, the truth is the wind in our sail And in the end, our names is on the lips of dying men If ever crushed in the earth, we always rise again When the words of lying men sound lush like the sound of a violin The truth is there, it's just the heart you gotta find it in [Female singer] You will find (7x) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Roots f/ Common Album: Things Fall Apart Song: Act Too.. The Love of My Life Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash What? Hip-Hop y'all, to the top y'all Hip-Hop check it out It's like that, and it sounds so nice Hip-Hop, you the love of my life We bout to take it to the to the to the To the to the to the to the To the to the to the to the To the to the to the to the check it out Yo, what? And it sounds so nice Hip-Hop, you the love of my life I'm bout to take it to the top, what? Hip-Hop (hip-hop love) To the top (to the top) hip-hop, check it out It's like, word up, and it sounds so nice Hip-Hop, you the love of my life (of my life) [Black Thought] The anticipation arose as time froze I stared off the stage with my eyes closed and dove into the deep cosmos The impact pushed back, the first five rows But before the raw live shows I remember I'se a little snot-nosed Rockin Gazelle, goggles and Izod clothes Learnin the ropes of ghetto survival Peepin out the situation I had to slide through Had to watch my back my front plus my sides too When it came to gettin mine I ain't tryin, to argue Sometimes I wouldn'ta made it if it wasn't for you Hip-Hop, you the love of my life and that's true When I was handlin the shit I had to do It was all for you, from the door for you Speak through you, gettin paper on tour for you From the start, Thought was down by law for you Used to hit up every corner store wall for you We ripped shit, and kept it hardcore for you I remember late nights, steady rockin the mic Hip-Hop, you the love of my life So tell the people like that y'all (that y'all) And it sounds so nice Hip-Hop, you the love of my life We bout to take it to the top.. [Common] Yo, yo I was speakin, to my guy 'Riq and How she was desperately seekin to Organize in a Konfusion Usin, no protection, told H.E.R. on _Resurrection_ Caught in the Hype Williams, and lost H.E.R. direction Gettin eight/ate in sections where I wouldn't eat H.E.R. An under the counter love, so _Silent_-ly I _Treat_ H.E.R. Her Daddy'll beat H.E.R., eyes all Puff-ed In the mix on tape, niggaz had her in the buff When we touch, it was more than just a fuck The Police, in her I found peace (like who?) Like Malcolm in the East Seen H.E.R. on the streets of New York, trickin off Tried to make a hit with H.E.R. but my dick went soft Movin weight, losin weight, not picky - with who she choose to date To confuse the hate, with her struggle I relate Close to thirty, most of the niggaz she know is dirty Havin more babies than Lauryn, she started showin early As of late I realized, that this is H.E.R. fate Or destiny that brings the best of me It's like God is testin me In _Retrospect_ I see she brought _Life_ and death to me Peace to us collectively, live and direct when we perform It's just coffee shop chicks and white dudes Over H.E.R. I got into it with that nigga Ice Cube Now the fight moved to in life, makin the right moves Besides God and family, you my life's jewel Like that y'all Hip-Hop.. *echoes* [whispered] Take it to the top, what? Hip-Hop (hip-hip) To the top, hip-hop (hip-hop) check it out [Black Thought - louder] It's like, word up, and it sounds nice Hip-Hop, you the love of my life, what? Bout to take you to the to the to the To the to the to the to the To the to the to the to the To the to the to the to the, yo Fifth Dynamite, and it sounds so nice Hip-Hop, you the love of my life I'm bout to take you to the top love Hip-Hop, word up, to the top (to the top) Hip-Hop, check it out It's like that, what? And it sounds alright Hey, cause you the love of my life I'm bout to take you to the to the to the To the to the to the to the To the to the to the to the To the to the to the to the, check it out What? Yeah, and it sounds so nice Hip-Hop, you the love of my life Bout to take you to the top love Hip-Hop (hip-hop) to the top (to the top) hip-hop (hip-hop) Fifth Dynamite, and it sounds alright Hey, cause you the love of my life I'm bout to take you to the to the to the To the to the to the to the To the to the to the to the To the to the to the to the, check it out, yo Ye-yeh-yo, yo, and it sounds so nice Hip-Hop, you the love of my life We bout to take you to the top love, hip-hop (hip-hop) To the top (to the top) hip-hop (hip-hop) Check it out, it's like, yeah, and it's sounds alright Hip-Hop, you the love of my life We bout, take it to the to the to the *vocals fade* The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Roots f/ Common Album: Illadelph Halflife Song: U.N.I.Verse at War Intro: Common Yeah, U.N.I.Verse at war U.N.I.Verse (when you and I verse) at war motherfucker We gonna do this Chi-town style (verse at war) Illadelph, you know how we get down You know the business (Illtown illanoid) Bringin it straight to your chest (comin thru with the iller category) Yessah, hah, yeah (preacher man with the Com) Break it down one two (we about to drop a bomb, check it) Chorus: 2X When you and I verse at war (U.N.I.Verse at War) And your verse at core, for what you thought before Steppin up into a zone you should never explore The next level or, level of the whole conceptor Verse One: Check it, rappers Get on the mic talk about cars and clothes Sounding like hoes Ain't been exposed to the foes of most disciples I'm from the state that is Ill, the rap son of man Rotated down to Phil, to say what I feel Get it off my burnt chest, my word becomes flesh War, going on between the West and the East of the land, niggaz don't own a piece Grease is the word, Murray slides some pimp oil to me My lady friend sneaks my beer in the movie Throw your hands in the air, if you the true and living Beware, the new world order, the devil's new religion Sent my homey to the number two division Sellin bootleg movies, got my VCR on a evasive maneuver Be that as I chooses, drinkin tropical it's just sittin at a table with sophisticated bitches Nah that ain't nothin I would call my mother Nor do I call every nigga my brother Gotta have Black Thought, it's sorta B like Malik So don't Question a Brother, to the Roots I get deep Verse Two: Yo, enter the last era Your scholarship into the world of politics and mascara, we operate within this artificial op-era I bring hip-hop terror like the Fuhrer The Ace Ventura into the horror Laboratory laborer, venture beyond the border I'll struc-ture a style destroy your whole aura Plus you're a-drenalin'll rise before your eyes and mortalize, my image hit the skies Deceive the devil in disguise My music I parenthesize Represent the wise, do this be how we enterprise Kid no compromise (yeah, yeah) I'm thinkin fast like drama Dyin I wear your mind away like Alzheimer I pull a mic up out my bomber big up to Bahama The A-O this year we leavin em in trauma Then after me, I plan to leave behind, the legacy or history of the family, the fifth dynasty For humanity, to bear witness to this Del-val-syllable stylist You know the time kid Chorus 2X Verse Three: Yo, the general flows, kids compose on tablet Expose how they was average and they thoughts not rapid Here comes the hot package, through your block like traffic The rock was typed graphic now watch the mic blast it Shootin at the stars with emphatic rap static See the mirror shatter from thoughts, I'm bustin back at it The Lieuten-ant, the ele-phant, sippin automatic Mic, rippin asiatic, architects out to have it The turn of the century, the planet's like a penitentiary exaggerated, niggaz is livin highly medicated I Used to Love but now she violated Hip-hop holocaust and camps, old champs are concentrated They outdated and incarcerated Loved and appreciated hated and very debated For every career created was eliminated And that's the way the balance of yin and yang related Verse Four: Common As the block is de-vine Niggaz swing on in a safari Wild niggaz, like I'm high on latari Some let the block block they mind if they could see what I see Get out the city for a sec be at the places I be Hey, I'ma be back on the deck, opening Business in places for you to cash your check My, neck of the woods ain't all good ain't all bad You can live in the burbs, and still get had The sad part about it niggaz had houses on the lake They tryin to move us out, the land we ain't appreciate For peace we skate, crackers we roll or player hate Call each other cuz cause of how we relate I see way too many Cadillacs with dope man plates Through the wind and blow-ups, is how niggaz communicate Harmonizing through beeper and reefer The city got my peoples in a sleeper, talk is getting cheaper Chorus 4X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Roots & John Legend f/ Common, Melanie Fiona Album: Wake Up! Song: Wake Up Everybody Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash {*33 seconds of instrumental to open*} [John Legend] Wake up everybody, no more sleeping in bed No more backward thinking, time for thinking ahead The world has changed so very much, from what it used to be There is so much hatred, war and poverty Ohhhhh yeahhh yes [Melanie Fiona] Wake up all the teachers, time to teach a new way Maybe then they'll listen, to what you have to say Cause they're the ones who's comin up and the world is in their hands When you teach the children, teach them, the very best you cannn Ohhhhh yeah [Chorus: Legend & Fiona together] The world won't get no better If we just let it be The world won't get no better We gotta change it yeah, just you and me [John Legend] Wake up all the doctors, make the old people well They're the ones who suffer, and who catch all the hell They don't have so very long, before their judgment day So won't you make them happy, before they pass away? Ohhh yeahhh [Melanie Fiona] Wake up all the builders, time to build a new land I know we can do it, if we all lend a hand The only thing we have to do, is put it in our minds Surely things will work out, cause they do every time Yeahhhh-heahhhhh [Common] It's the God hour, the morning I wake up Just for the breath of life, I thank my maker My mom say I come from hustlers and shakers My mind building on skyscrapers and acres He said take us back to where we belong I try to write the song as sweet as the psalms though I'm the type to bear arms and wear my heart on my sleeve Even when I fail in God I believe Read the days and, weave through the maze And the seeds are so amazing, feed them and raise them Seasons are aging, earthquakes, wars and rumors I want us to get by but we more than consumers We more than shooters, more than looters Created in his image so God live through us And even in this generation living through computers Only love love love can reboot us [John Legend + Melanie Fiona] Ohhhh wake up everybody no more sleeping in bed Ohhhh wake up everybody yeahhhh Gotta get up, gotta get up Said I need a little help, everybody, no more sleeping in bed I need a little help, everybody, c'mon c'mon c'mon c'mon I need a little help y'all! Can't do it alone Oh I need a little help y'all! Gotta get up, gotta get up Ohhhhhhhhhhhhh Wake up everybody, wake up everybody Wake up everybodyyyy, yeah The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Saukrates f/ Common Sense Album: Underground Tapes Vinyl EP (Limited Edition) Song: Play Dis (99 Sox Remix) Typed by: graumit@hotmail.com CHORUS [Saukrates] Little piece of sumpin'  "Play" The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Skillz f/ Common, Talib Kweli Album: The Million Dollar Backpack Song: So Far So Good Typed by: newos_crib_is@hotmail.com [Skillz] Uh huh, yeah, uh, uh Whoo! It's beautiful music baby Huh, your boy Skillz, right My man Com from the Chi Kweli from the BK side Hip Hop to the day that we die So far so good with no endin in sight Lookin back on all the places I done been with this mic Let my teachers tell it, I was supposed to be a failure Let me tell it, I was supposed to be on stage in Australia Went from sittin on the curb with no gear to flaunt To havin gifts with the words, I make 'em do what I want And I'ma stay in the front, it's easy to the kid Y'all always in the back like Jeezy adlibs If you fail to prepare, you preparin to fail And it's hard to see a heaven when you livin in hell If you lookin at it different, you'll see a way out How you gon' see money? You can't see your way off your couch If opportunity comes, I'ma see what its bout You can see it in my swag, I done figured it out If you see doubt, I'm thinkin that y'all better re-route Cause I'ma walk these dogs till Mike Vick get out [Hook: Skillz] I'm thinkin I could take over the game, maybe I could They sayin I should change and maybe I should Baby girl I'd be with you if I could But I'm taking over the world and it's so far so good Uh, so far, uh, so good Uh, so far, uh, so good Uh, so far, uh, so good Uh, so far so good! [Common] We've come so far, there's so far to go Vision of a mission, it seem impossible Precision of a Chicago street apostle flow Allowin me to go to places only God would know Travel the land, witnessin the battles of man Goin up stream with paddle in hand Young dreams to master a plan So I could make enough to hit my uncle Steve if he asks for a grand It's been a journey, as far as universal laws I'm the attorney, had to learn me Just to burn me up, holler to the world to turn me up As the game change y'all, I let my words re-up It was written on the walls that success is a process No matter how hard I fall I know it is some progress Notches of the ladder I climb, holdin a bottle of wine So many paths to take, I'm followin mine [Hook] [Talib Kweli] Yeah, Talib Kweli stay in the zone, I'm leavin 'em in a phase By now, I'm kinda used to leavin 'em so amazed With my man Com-rad and Skillz, they know the ways Call up Virginia Slim baby, I've come a long way from Hoppin the train with Rubix and Phot, now I'm Hoppin the plane, I'm seasoned like o'bay Purer than cocaine that's whiter than Colgate My product harder than narcotics, I handled the whole way Damn it I'm so straight, why you worry how my pocket looks? Y'all niggas sound like y'all got pocket books, stop and look As long as I rock it, Brooklyn is represented right This is where the sun meet the high rise, it ain't no end in sight I'm gonna end it right here, I'ma end the nightmares That you have cause you sleepin and you actin type Scared, I wake up like years, say my prayer like I should And I've come so far cause I'm so good [Hook] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Joss Stone f/ Common Album: Introducing...Joss Stone Song: Tell Me What We're Gonna Do Now Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com {w/ help from liner notes} [Common - Intro] {Joss Stone harmonizes in background} Yes...uh.. We have arrived... Joss Stone... Uh, Common... It's for the world, world, world, world.... Uh.. [Joss Stone - Verse 1ne] (Common) You don't have to make your mind up I just wanna take my time, with you (Yeah...) If that's alright - it's alright, alright (It's cool) Ooh, forgive me if I get too shy, but (word) maybe you're the reason why, love, (uh..) I'm feelin butterflies... (I feel it too, uh) Somethin about the look in your eyes Uh-huh oooh, ooh it just makes me feel so right Ohh-ho-ho-ohhh... When my mind's void, you're my joy You're the dreaaaam, when I sleep And hey I'm for ya, yeah I adore ya You're everythiiiing that I need And love how you love meeee If I'm made for you, you're made for me It's too good to be So tell me what you're gonna do now Uh, uh, uh Yeaaaah, tell me what we're gonna do now Uh, uh, yeah, yeah, yeah [Verse 2wo] (Common) Funny how my world keeps spinning Sometimes you can be so silly  You know just how to make me laugh (Eheheheh, yeah) Ooh...your skin is so lovely It moves me when you touch me I know that you got my back (True indeed yes I do) It feels so safe when you hold me, mmm It's already like you know me [Bridge] Whoa-hoa-ohhhh, right now See baby I love, how you make me smile Don't leave, please staaaay a while Uh, let's make this happen I DON'T CARE HOW, ohh [Common - Rap verse] Right now, let's stay in the present Can't worry about tomorrow 'cause today is a blessin The world in a state of aggression I find calm in you, I see my mom in you It's like the feelin in ya stomach when you want it so bad If we keep keeping it fresh it ain't gonna go bad I've been through the valley of love Rode through shores of Cali just to find piece of mind Lookin to the sky, askin for at least a sign Beautiful you came at such a decent time When we combine it's like good food and wine Flavorful yet refined, you remind me of the divine  So easy, love can be lost and then found like Stevie I just love having you around You wearin the gown, I'm wearin the crown Pound for pound, we the freshest couple in town [Joss Stone] Tell me what we're gonna do Tell me what we're gonna do noooooow-owww... Mmmmmmm-oooooh... Uh-huh, tell me what we're gonna do now Umm, uh-huh Uh, uh, uh, uh, yeaaaaah Uh-huh, uh, uh, uh, yeaaaaah Tell me what we're gonna do The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Sway & King Tech f/ Common Album: Wake Up Show Freestyles Vol. 4 Song: Common Typed by: compbuttons@hotmail.com [Common] Yeah, I act like heroin, I prepare lines For those who never knew about the flow up on this Common Sense, evolution right up on the mix The revolution will not be televised This is what I do, I tell the guys I never tell no lies, I'm the truth Sittin' across the table from corporate lies I said that in the sixth sense Yo I go on and on like a run-on sentence Common Sense is searchin' for repentance From a lot of wach brothers It's like this, I used to love her I remember the brother who had his mother on the record cover The last album, one day it made sense Common Sense is comin' like ths for the present What can I do when I see these pretty ladies If I see one good enough Im stab like Jay-Z Ah man I gotta chill with that That ain't what went down, Common Sense sense sounds around Come on now gotta chill You can't tell that I'm down with K-Mell Or flip it, you know how we gel Common leader, check it out Common Sense will feed ya A little bit of rhymes, people know the times I'm rhymin' great, my album's comin' on the 28th of March Y'all, it's like that baby what [Talking] Yeah, he's still in there, he's still in there I wanna hear something written OK, OK, OK check it [Common] Women cry, children laugh, men dance I refuse to lose self tryin' to win fans over Weight on my should fluctuates like Oprah My refridgerator poetry magnetic like Ultra You couldn't hang if you was a poster [Talking] Yeah, yeah, yeah Alright, what's next on the mic [Common] Yo bust it, Denzi, Benz jeep, ten freaks behind em' M P's and rhymin' M 3's and dimin' Empty ya nine if you attempting to rob them stars While they getin' money from Mr. Long Island Give me that paper dog, I gotta have it Might lift a pocket so money is automatic We the fourth of carats And you still lookin' sort of savage It's a whole lot of money out there you aught to grab it Alright, rippin' on the mic All night put my nigga Sway on the mic The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Sway & Tech f/ Chino XL, Common, Royce Da 5'9 Album: Back 2 Basics Song: Enough Beef Typed by: Lemming0O@yahoo.com * * send corrections to the typist [Intro] Yeah Sway and Tech nigga My name is 5'9 Y'all been in the game for a minute Shout out to GangStarr What up Prim' (back to basics) A lot of shit has happened, since I started rappin A lot of shit has happened, since I started rappin A lot of shit has happened, since I started rappin There's been enough beef, and enough gat clappin [Royce da 5'9] Yeah I'da became a target From the bottom became the hardest artist in the game The first time they started to market my name I started to change Smart but hardly could think logically The insane part of me layin inside of me says pardon me so I part with the same side of me I hang out with the same guys Either they not noticin the game changin me or they ain't watchin me Bitches sayin, "hi" to me Niggaz who ain't hot as me Picturin me slain niggaz gettin plain tired o' me Lookin down at 'em when he got the same drive as me We the same niggaz aim just as high as me Everything is the same with us but the thing is that I came in here with a different anxiety Hopefully the day I retire is approachin me lookin back like those were the days I was fly (But y'all gon' learn) from the mistakes to wait and to be patient wrong turns did take up a lot of time But I finally found my way around now I'm wiser I thank God that I made it out alive [Common] One man rises another falls To discover all is one and one is all I come to call like Jericho with the trumpets It's wild and the honeys gramps and the Kwa hummin The Lord soon comin From glow some grow Many stay stunted songs with the shorties knowin I learn from the keep the dumb shit from my circumference I run with niggaz that wanted and done it the hunted and blunted L said it gotta come from the stomach To me the stomach is the voice of the Lord The revolutionary people's choice the award Seein souls move forward Ghosts move toward new homes and new floors for us to rise to In the attic tapin up my Bible thinkin I cannot apply to survival The un-American Idol seein by the size of those times I put it in my rhymes A lot of shit has happened [Chino XL] Yo, welcome lambs to the slaughter It's the most important moment in my life since the birth of my daughters Regardless, all is well in the universe put man track, and Chino who cannot spit a wack verse My first CDs basically made me Marky Mark with the whole planet of the apes chasin me Here to save you all now rap ain't worth savin but I can't get the pavement with gay shit like Craig David Vocal arrangements even basic I'm still the hottest nigga to spit inside of my cousin Tigga basement I've no replacement for what's seeming like ages I ain't no hypochondriac complainin I stay sick Standin ovations for acapellas shitiations I get better with agens everybody's observation Starvation to brawl the last samurai Take an eye for an eye till the world goes blind I'm bovine Raging bull words are my weapons hoping not over ya head like cangos in '87 I move from Jers' to Cali' fillin the love Move moms to Miami promised I would Beef 'n drama i've been you wouldn't last through What's funny motherfucker I wanna laugh too But now I'm ready to get rich old dog new tricks Told L could dig to China with chopsticks When I switch to the big leagues this year with no fear Cuz who'd even believe that I'd be here The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Talib Kweli f/ Common, Anthony Hamilton Album: The Beautiful Struggle Song: Ghetto Show Typed by: maaki87@hotmail.com {with help from liner notes} (Intro: Talib Kweli) Ghetto to ghetto, backyard to yard We tear it up y'all, bless the mic with the gods (come on) Precious metals round our necks and arms (yea) We tear it up y'all, bless the mic with the gods Ghetto to ghetto, backyard to yard We tear it up y'all, bless the mic with the gods (come on) Precious metals round our necks and arms (yea) We tear it up y'all, bless the mic with the gods (Hook: Anthony Hamilton) Whatever in your heart is where you want to be My hood is the ghetto Even when you look Its never what you see My hood is the ghetto I've been down before up is just a reach Cause my hood is the ghetto Catch a second wind Then begin again My hood is the ghetto (Verse 1: Common) Black magic in the hood, its tragic but understood Crack addicts, crack windows, crack wood Even whats bad becomes good, status becomes stood Upon the pedestal welcome to the ghetto show Federal buildings, pissy hallways filled with children pushing children Fiends lips peeling, shit seems real and What's real is the estate of mind that we're in The situation feels great My man peels weight, so he can fill plates You might get love but you still feel hate Through and chain plates, we communicate Chicago to brooklyn nigga real ones do relate (Verse 2: Talib Kweli) If lyrics sold then truth be told I'll probably be just as rich and famous as jay-z Truthfully I wanna rhyme like common sense Next best thing I do a record with common sense Cause its the music, its blues, its jazz, its acoustics Soul, rock and roll the hip hop we be producing yea It's the gear, it's the flare, it's the stare Nowadays they'll shot you where they used to shoot the fair Remember the lost soldiers, pour a beer, shoot the air We got our own elected officials, no matter who the mayor I know you know what I'm talking about From New York to the South, take off your shoes when you walk in the house (Hook) (Verse 3: Talib Kweli) Yo I grew up where they're playing skele in the parking lot And sell paintings of Aaliyah, BIG and Pac up in the barbershop Buildings too big so you don't really see the stars a lot But rapping, drinking, and going to prison you see them bars a lot I feel the spirit in the dark and hear it in my heart And always keep my ears to the block till I dearly depart Hip hop is really the art We have to express the part of ourselves that make us want to martyr ourselves It ain't harder to tell when somebody stick you up and put the hammer to you They want them dead presidents like Stickman and Mutulu With a gun to your jaw, these kids don't run anymore Kicks is a hundred or more (Verse 4: Common) A man in front of the store, begging for money and mercy I told him say a prayer under his breath, he cursed me Niggaz is thirsty, I heard it's a drought Up early, serving from their grandmother's house Sometime the ghetto feels desolate, yo the eyes of the hood yo is desperate Effected by the deficit, times and lessons get hard Either get by or get god, but but you try to get by It's like the block keep blocking You try to make moves, its like the car just keep stopping We shorties in the court, need cochran yea I tell them why the weed seeds popping, in the game you need options No time for feet watching, me and kwe keep rocking for the ghetto Hook times 2 The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Talib Kweli f/ Common, Consequence, Kanye West Album: The Beautiful Mix CD Song: Wack Niggas Typed by: thelo@cox.net [Somebody Talking] Yeah Yo...let me, let me, let me, let me tell you why - why This nigga...why we dedicated this song to this kind of nigga Cuz number one, duke is drivin' in the motherfuckin' projects With a - with a Sebring, and with - with a rag off Y'na'mean? Y-you not ballin' like that play-boy Straight up, then the bitch you got playin' shotgun Like, I used to serve that bitch, c'mon Really really good, I mean and you gotta shirt and tie You wack as nigga.. [Common] Wack niggas...I don't even like to be around 'em Give 'em dap or pound 'em See 'em out they houndin' dawg Singin' they got tracks for me to get down on Singin' they hot when that shit don't even sound warm Nigga I'm nasty, my style is sound porn The graphic exposin' wack asses I emcee as free as 'Ol Dirty Bastard You think you Catholic tryin' to appeal to the masses The Cassius Clay of rap today Rock a beard like Castaway You couldn't be dope for even half a day We keep it hot like its after May Smoke a nigga then I pass to K [Kanye West] The pastor say we goin' to mass today We have to pray, these niggas is wack 'n' eh I have to say, since Pac passed away Most these niggas don't even deserve a track from me First of all let's get rid of them Louis Vuitton boots And get yo tall ass out that C Class coupe Y'see the whiskAY had them girls feelin' friskAY You was wit mAY (me) she said "Who's the sissAY?" And even if they did wanna get bizzAY Freaky like MissAY and roll the weed up You would roll three blunts and fuck up three blunts Motherfucka you a fuck up of free lunch, dawg Just keep it right thurr like ChingAY Yo girl don't like me how long has shee been gAY Spanish girls tell ya "No hable ingle" And everbody wanna run to me for they singlAY (single) It's funny how these wack niggas need my help Wasn't around when I couldn't feed myself Dawg, if I was you I wouldn't feel myself Dawg, if I was you I'd kill myself [HOOK - Kanye West (Singing Voice)] (Wack nigga) Wake up in the morning dawg, and you a (Wack nigga) I'd kill myself if I was that (Wack nigga) Everything you wear and rock, is just (Wack nigga) Even if you flossin' rocks you still (Wack nigga) You can't do it dawg you's a (Wack nigga) Bitin' ass, bitch ass, trick ass (Wack nigga) Even your daughter says "My daddy's a - " (Wack nigga - You wack nigga!) [Consequence] You know you wack when ya dawgs tell you That's how you know ya flow is weak Cuz you only got them there to 'Say Yes' like Floetry The clique that I oversee ain't impressed by ya poetry You're the place you're supposed to be You ain't ain't comin' close to me It ain't that you underrated It's more thatn you're under dated And mediocre at best is all the hoes you've ever dated For all your guest appearances You couldn't get the clearances For them it's just a check they don't respect you as a lyricist Look at what ya lyrics is, Murder, Death, Kill But you never shot nothin', never have, never will Better add on to ya skills before you join this round robin Of super emcees that'll add to ya problems [Talib Kweli] In the beginnin', God created man in his own image I'm 'bout to tell you how the story gon' finish Kweli handle his business niggas don't forget it Cuz a wiseman can shoose to get ignorant with it Na'mean - you all can get it I'm conisdered the nicest The way I spit it give these niggas all identity crisis All day talkin' that shit like you hold a gat, right? The trip you on must be short cuz you pack light - act right You got it twisted tellin' niggas that you pack heat You ain't gunning now you runnin' like an athlete You ballas need to quit rhymin' like Allen Ive Start speakin' New ?Wopian? and followin' Malachi Oh, anything would rhyme, you need to sell drugs for real Instead of on the radio, you'd be dead or in jail All these thug niggas wanna rap And all these rap niggas wanna thug And all ya'll fuckin' the game up It's time to change up, my lyrics rip ya frame up Askin' if I'm nice like fuckin' with a chick Who don't give head - that's a no-brainer Niggas back bangers you don't even know the names of I'ma bout to meet my quota you about to meet ya Saviour You wack nigga, you about to get shot Fuck with Talib Kweli, that's how you get got Not that I'm wylin' or even promote violence It's just you're fuckin' up my high, can a nigga smoke in silence?! [HOOK] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: T.I. f/ Common, Pharrell Album: King Song: Goodlife Typed by: tericoharper@yahoo.com (T.I.) I keep telling myself Man I'm living the good life (Pharrell) I'm living the good life {*2X*} I'm on top of the world I'm on top of the world {*2X*} [T.I.] I was born into poverty raised I the sewerage Streets always would be a part of me, it made me the truest And even when my days were the bluest I never ran from adversity, instead I ran to it Fear ain't in the heart of me I learned just do it You get courage in your fears right after you go through it Now I come through in a Coupe on 22's That ain't bad for a nigga who ain't even finish school Don't get me wrong I never been a fool I just put off graduating for a pair of tennis shoes I used to use the beat to paint my pain But nowadays man I can't complain I got several automobiles and they all on thangs Several with solid tags and they all in one chain Used to see me in the mall I'm the same And gettin brains from a couple of broads on the plane [Common] I come from Chi-Town lost and found in the struggle Where dudes say stay safe and stay out of trouble Speak is muffed the law and B gon try to cuff you Those with duffles move weight and have muscles I came through the dirt with a verse for the people Open up for Daddy Kane and Easy up at the Regal The radio rarely put their needle on my record They ain't see how the hood and heaven were connected Sounds projected, ain't show how effective Lessons learned, sessions turned to life reflected And everything I found real in life know I kept it They say life's a teacher, you're gonna get tested When a nigga changed they keep saying that nigga strange Couldn't see how my mind won't be the lame Ahead of my time I caught up with the game Making good music making paper making change [T.I.] I put on gasoline drawers I stood in the fire With enough heat to set the hood on fire Man you niggaz think Suge was off the wire You should've seen the squad before I had Messiah We assumed the title as the number one supplier Felt like I was selling blow since I was in diapers And wish a nigga would come try us We was cool with the killers, best friends with the lifers Quick to up and scrap with niggaz who want to deny For what we considered then as a lucrative empire But like that pimping time flash by you Now I wonder what the judge think as he reading my priors Prison ain't full and the reefer ain't bias Anybody tell ya different's a damn liar Gave the jail hell and shot birds at the hearse Lived through worse and reversed the curse The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tony Touch f/ Common Album: Power Cypha 3: The Grand Finale Song: Common Freestyle Typed by: Nature2QBC@aol.om *send corrections directly to typist* [Common] Yeah, this is the truth Common Sense, wit Tony Touch It's the type of music we be From Chicago to New York I ain't move, I'm just movin crowds baby Yo yo check it Supreme life, I seen light at the end of the path Beginning wit math, stumbled, found a gym in a half Cognac, pimps, Hennessey's resemble my dad Went to, the School of Hard Knocks, it's hard to remember the staff >From the land of shit-talk Point stars and pitch forks, this ain't a game, only a bitch barks The streets is stayin hard, peoples tryin to out-think God Tradin crack for link cards Heavy, so I sleep hard and breathe eye accounts In this paper marathon, meditatin to tapes of Farrakhan And Seravon, sharin songs wit broads, I know they need it It's like I'm Eldrige Cleaver wit my mind set on cleavage Reachin for the heavens since the bliss fell from the elevated, I speak Wit Technics like a 1200 Black males wanted, the sign of the times Read: one for project prisons wanted dead I sped to the light, my realness bled through the mic Like Marvin, I'm willing to save the children givin lead to the night It was written but untold Some hold the scroll in the hearts, the truth is told in the arts Like old school to park, my thoughts connect No longer is it impeach the president or break to mic check I circumcised the clouds, wit thoughts that raise your third eyebrow Cuz the sun is my child, bloaw Yeah it's Com Sense, Tony Touch Peace to my god NO ID, yeah Y-Not, Dug Infinite, Sean Lett We just bringin it to y'all Chicago style to New York And we travellin all over the world, peace The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Kanye West f/ Common Album: Kon the Louis Vuitton Don Song: Better Than Yours Typed by: youngryan99@hotmail.com * * send corrections to the typist (Hook) My raps is better than yours My plaques is better than yours My tracks is better than yours You can have one but I have to charge We can start with the hits on my arm I already got the bomb Now all I need is my first LP to go gold Then I will have the Kwam uh-uh uh-uh uh-uh I'm Kon the Louis Vuitton Don Bought my Mom a purse now she Louis Vuitton Mom Still might throw on a little low arm they want me to stop go on gon They don't want me to shop and me spending that hard Oh my God is that a black car I turned around and replied why yes But I prefer the term African American Express (Hook) La La La La La Off MTV La La La La La When you gonna go out with Me Brains Power and Muscle like Dame Puffy and Russell Your boy back on his hustle don't know you don't discuss you Every rapper want to know when they can get to work Every stylist want to know where they can get the shirts Everybody ripping my style like the shit that hurts But they don't give me my credit that's the shit that hurts There's something I might say There's something I might play A beat I might made might make they life change And save they whole deal They wrist is on chill They house is on hill You could be Lauren Hill See y'all write songs to keep the lights on I'ma go in Def Jam and turn the brights on Man I'm just sayin When I wanted to rap y'all thought I was just playin Now you just prayin (Hook) [Common] You was a vic in high school now you a thug Better step in the name of love Before you giving pain a hug Needing dope is like pain to drugs Or aiming slugs til the game unplugged Like a scoreboard with vice and warlords Hot merchandise prices they want more for it You was pink as ice single need to think it twice Over the bitch and you came out like freaks in the night Freed your mind at a cheaper price on the street trying to seek advice I'm on point like I speak to dice Took the underground at a steeper heights May real niggaz see the light got fat girls eating right Ha ha we in this bitch It's Common and Kanye y'all niggaz know what time it is Chi-Town motherfuckers DJ Ferris Heavy Hitters What Up? Mike Love What Up? DJ Enuff Foreal(Pharrell) That's my favorite producer by the way that's why I had to rap on this Cuz His tracks is Better Than Yours My tracks is Better Than Yours Just Blaze tracks is Better Than Yours You can have one but we all gonna charrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrgeaaawwwww Plain Pat What Up? Big John What Up? John Mnop(Monopoly) What Up? Don. C What Up? J.B. What Up? GLC What Up? Bang What Up? Yeah Really Doe What Up? Arrowstar What Up? Yeah! Oh did I mention the new head of my management Benny Madina Yo G, Hop we taxin these niggaz right now Plain Pat What Up? That's all The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Kanye West f/ Common, Talib Kweli Album: College Dropout Song: Get Em High Typed by: westcoastrydah71@hotmail.com [Kanye West] I'm tryin to catch the beat, uh I'm tryin to catch the beat I'm tryin to catch the beat, uh uh, uh I'm tryin to catch the beat [Chorus: Kanye West] N-now, th-th-through ya motherfuckin hands GET EM HIGH All the girls pass the weed to ya motherfuckin man GET EM HIGH Now I ain't never tell you to put down ya hands KEEP EM HIGH And if ya losin yo high than smoke again KEEP EM HIGH [Verse 1: Kanye West] N-n-n-now, my flow Is in the pocket like Wallace, I got the bounce like hydrolics I can't call it, I got the swerve like alchoooool-ics My freshman year I was goin through hella problems Still I, built up the nerve to drop my ass up outta collllllll-ege My teacher said I'se a loser, I told her why don't you kill me I give a fuck if you fail me, I'm gonna folllllllllll-ow My heart, and if you follow the charts, to the plaques or the stacks You ain't gotta guess who's back, you see I'm so shy that you thought it was bashfull but this Bastards flow will bash a skull And I will, cut your girl like Pastor Tro And I don't, usualy smoke but pass the dro And I won't, give you that money that you askin fo' Why you think, me and Dame cool, we ass holes That's why we here your music in fast fo' Cuz we don't wanna here that weak shit no mo' [Chorus: Kanye West] N-now, th-th-through ya motherfuckin hands GET EM HIGH All the girls pass the weed to ya motherfuckin man GET EM HIGH Now I ain't never tell you to put down ya hands KEEP EM HIGH And if ya losin yo high than smoke again KEEP EM HIGH [Verse 2: Kanye West] + (girl) N-n-n-n-n-now who the hell is this E-mailin me at 11:26, tellin me that she 36-26, plus double-d You know how girls on black planet be when they get bubblee At NYU but she headed from Kansas Right now she just lampin, chillin on campus Sent me a picture with a feelin on Candice Who said her favorite rapper was the late great Francis W-H-I-T, it's gettin late mami, your screen saver say tweet So you got to call me, and bring a friend for my friend His name Kweli (You mean Talib, lyric sticks to your rib) I mean (That's my favorite CD that I play at my crib) I mean (You don't really know him, why is you lyin) Yo Kwe, she don't believe me, please pickup the line She gon' think that I'm lyin, just spit a couple of lines Then maybe I'll be able to give her dick all the time, and get her high [Verse 3: Talib Kweli] Yeah I can't believe this nigga use my name for pickin up dimes but never mind (Get Em High!) I need some tracks you tryin to pull tracks out And my rhymes as fittin to blow you tryin to blow backs out Well ok (Get Em High) You twisted my arm, I'll asist with the charm, aiyyo Ain't you meet that chick at that conference with yo moms And she's the bomb (Get Em High) Boy she got the bouji behavior Always got somethin to say like a okayplaya hater (Keep Em High) Anyway, I don't usualy fuck a interneter Chicks with birth control stuck to they arm like Nicorette You really fuckin that much, you tryin to get off cigarettes If she think it's fly, she ain't met a real nigga yet I appoligize if I come off a little inconsiderate I got the bubble cushion a sister could get a hit of it [Verse 4: Common] Get em high like noon, or the moon or room filled with smoke A high filled with dope Y'all assumed I was doomed, out of tune, but I still feel the notes The real nigga quotes Real rappers is hard to find, like a remote, control rap is not a Used soup it still got life, that's why I abuse you who are not thugs Rock clubs, it's like Tiger, Woods in the hood, to have my own reality show Called Soul Survivor, I stole all liver, niggaz in you You'se a bitch I got ones that are thicker than you How could I ever let your words affect me, they say Hip-Hop is dead I'm here to resurrect me, mugs is too sexy to even make songs like these That's why the raw don't know your name, like Alicia Keys To many featured emcees, and pro-ducers is populer Twelve thousand spins, nobody got to coppin her Album, how come, you the hot garbager The years clear your image and snooped up Label got you souped up, tellin you you sick Man you a dick with a loose nut Video hard to watch like Medusa Even your club record need a booster Chimped up, with a pimp cup, illiterate nigga Read the infa, red across your head I'm bread king like Simba Bolder then Denver, I ain't a Madd Rapper just a emcee with a temper You dancin' for money like Honey, I did this my way So when the industry crash, I survive like Kanye Spittin through wires and fires, emcees retirin Got yo hands up, get them motherfuckers higher then [Chorus: Kanye West] N-now, th-th-through ya motherfuckin hands GET EM HIGH All the girls pass the weed to ya motherfuckin man GET EM HIGH Now I ain't never tell you to put down ya hands KEEP EM HIGH And if ya losin yo high than smoke again KEEP EM HIGH The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Kanye West f/ Big Sean, Common, Kid Cudi, Pusha T, Charlie Wilson Album: G.O.O.D. Friday 12" Song: G.O.O.D. Friday Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com, Gemini_20502K@Yahoo.com [Kanye West - Intro] Party people in the place to be You are now in the midst of a real emcee Throw your hands in the air if you real as me OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOHHWWHHOOOOOOOOO~!!!! [Charlie Wilson] (Kid Cudi) Uh, uh La, la, laaaah La la la-la-lah La la la-la-lah They say, ahhhhh (Are you...) La, la, laaaah (...ready to go?) La la la-la-lah (I know the city gettin ready for me) La la la-la-lah (I know the city gettin ready for me) [Kanye West]  Such an easy mornin, we on a ride And I'm feelin smooth as the way the Benz drive Turn the radio down, if they playin that bullshit They don't want black people think at trial [Common] He think he live, he think he cold He think I'm high, I'm in thinker mode Eyes low, I let the skies hold the thoughts The streets are like the high road that I go across, uh [Kanye West] (Kid Cudi) I mean, my whole team 'bout to smash the streets The Phillip Lim remind them that it's fashion week And the weather wasn't barely hot Did I mention that the sweater was a Jeremy Scott? Did I mention G.O.O.D. Music, yeah forever we hot (Are you...) Motherfucker, are you ready or not? (...ready to go?) [Kid Cudi] I know the city gettin ready for me I know the city gettin ready for me Are you... ...ready to go? I know the city gettin ready for me I know the city gettin ready Are you... ...ready to go? I know the city gettin ready for me I know the city gettin ready [Kanye West] This goes out to the hardcore hip-hop (Can't stop! Yooooooou can't STOP!) This goes out to the hardcore hip-hop (Can't stop! Yooooooou can't STOP!) [Pusha T] As 'Ye flips the piano The mood swings like the change of a channel He's heatin up like they wrapped him in flanel Sellin kilo's through your iPod nano Cocaine vandal, I induct scandal Money drive me crazy look at Marbury's handle Vaseline face reminiscin of my tires Ice cream paint job somethin like Breyers Euro tank top, Dior inspired Sell it to you hard no assembly required EYUGH! I'm 2012 in 2010 Which makes this a time machine not just any biz Floss with the members of the gang with twenty eight While, haters wish death pon me that's many men YEAH! If he slangin on your paper route Stop talkin mothersucker move your paper out!!! [Charlie Wilson] (Kid Cudi) {Big Sean} Ahhhhh (Are you...) La, la, laaaah (...ready to go?) La la la-la-lah (I know the city gettin ready for me) La la la-la-lah (I know the city gettin ready for me) Lemme hear you say, ahhhhh (Are you...) La, la, laaaah (...ready to go?) {Smokin on dat...} La la la-la-lah (I know the city gettin ready for me) {Chokin on dat...} La la la-la-lah (I know the city gettin ready for me) [Big Sean] Now tell me do it feel goooooood? Well, all RIGHT Don't worry, we gon' be here all NIGHT Now you know a nigga rep that Westsiiiiide (Westside!) Westsiiiiide, West-SIDE! So t-t-tell me who the freshest of 'em ALL? They claimin that they fresh, they ain't fresher than my BALLS~! A nigga suited fresh like I'm headed to the ball Emcee huntin season, puttin heads up on the wall I sneak peeked ahead while we headed to the loft Man, I always thought with the head inside my drawls I guess that's why in school, my grades went from As' to Bs' to Cs' All over double Ds' I be absent all week This is for my niggas, all the ones I ride for Man, that's the fam, we let 'em in through the side door ...Hold on, that's the girl you gave a wedding ring? Man, me and my niggas nutted on her everything Haha! [Charlie Wilson] And lemme hear you say, ahhhhhh La, la, laaaah La la la-la-lah La la la-la-lah Lemme hear you say say, ahhhhh La, la, laaaah La la la-la-lah La la la-la-lah [Kanye West] Ay, we promised Now put your hands up to the sky Until the day in that we die Uh, and we'll be here all evening G.O.O.D. Fridays, I hope you have a nice weekend [Kid Cudi - Outro] Are you... ...ready to go? I know the city gettin ready for me I know the city gettin ready Are you... ...ready to go? I know the city gettin ready for me I know the city gettin ready Are you... ...ready to go? I know the city gettin ready for me I know the city gettin ready Are you... ...ready to go? I know the city gettin ready for me I know the city gettin ready The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Kanye West f/ Common, Ma$e Album: Jesus Walks DVD Bonus Disc Song: Jesus Walks (DVD Remix) Typed by: timm2014@hotmail.com Come on! God show me the way now the devil can't break me down Jesus walk with me [Verse One: Kanye] Between the girls and the jewelry The devil trying to lure me A view of me (Jesus walks with me) My pastor shaking his head He ain't sure of me But surely (Jesus walks with me) Then he asks, "Do you say your prayers at least two a week?" I ain't talking to God I know what I've been doing G Do you know how I be embarrassed? My friends sound like Ben Stiller's on Meet the Parents And I ain't good with that Give us our day" The slaves was trying to give us our free I'm trying to give us "us pay" Now you know how them strippers was We was all ghetto-fabulous all at the rooms at the Sybaris From this Jacuzzi water can you cleanse us? Can you please unfog my Cartier lenses? God sends signs sometimes only in glimpses For me I almost died, falling asleep in them Benzes There's something about this beat that get me tranquilized And when I play it at my shows I feel sanctified And He gives me direction when I can't decide He is alive! How can you tell me he ain't when I, said... (Jesus Walks) God show me the way now the devil can't break me down (Jesus Walks) The only thing I pray is that my feet don't fail me now (Jesus Walks) And Now I think there's something I can say now that will right my wrongs (Jesus Walks) I finally talked to God and I ain't afraid cause his love is so strong [Verse Two: Common] Open your eyes The smoke in the skys The beast is tokin' the lies Everywhere we move, motion's denied Emotions deride from potions of pride Of African, cultures and tribes Who livin' when we supposed to have died We laugh when we supposed to have cried Of pain we holdin' inside Cause all we really know is survive Use that to remember we kings That's why we so addicted to diamonds and rings And Cutlass Supremes Seen Diana Ross and remembered that my sister's is queens The Lord is comin' But now he visit in dreams With every Mission it seems Impossible Spit the gospel to remind me what God can do When it's not logical To those in hospitals and prisons Low income livin' For them I say a prayer, keep givin' Learnin' to receive My heart is burnin' to achieve Even when it's hard to breath I still believe that... [Verse Three: Ma$e] Before you take me name, take my fame Why you had to take my shame, take my flaws, take my blame Feel my dirt, conceal my hurt, See my bruise, and this you walk in my shoes You weren't there when I was in deep thought When I had two choice, kill him or either leave New York But I'm a truth tella and that's why I say what I'm sayin' And the only thing the radio playin' is cause you be payin' It ain't about who really hot no more Beats would knock no more So who cares who flop no more I realize that most labels pay you for lies And all that blood do is gain disguise That you're favorite artist shhhh I know you hear that huh you wanna fear that what Your worst dream is that you was gonna hear that Kan the rap slash John the Baptist Prepare the way for what I came to say today They deceived us, had us thinking Jesus really didn't need us When he loved up all you He loved them boys in hallway up in Broadway Even those who meet him for dope every four days To the strippers in broad day up in Norway To the Detroit player Gators in Moreys With me its not just bars and music I walk with God I have the scars to prove it Father I thank you, for forgiving me, for everything I ever done, for Jesus walking with me, for dying for me raising for me, and all my sins have been forgiven I'm a changed man, I'm healed I'm delivered I'm rich and It's all because of him" Now Walk with me, Walk with me,Wha Wha Walk with me Walk with me Artist: Kanye West f/ 2 Chainz, Common, CyHi Da Prynce, D'banj, Kid Cudi, Pusha T, Raekwon Album: G.O.O.D. Music: Cruel Summer Song: The Morning Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Stutterin Givin'em rest and makin love again In my best I be the run again And I have the man dem stutterin I'm getting this nigga in the morning He gon think he been chiefin just too long when He see me in the evenin Want to catch all these feelin Well let me be the first to get mine [Raekwon] Aiyyo, aiyyo, barbeque and blow in the back of the crib Sittin'and countin', smoking a spliff, this shit's a gift All my niggas watches is rough Grabbing our crotches yelling "What up?" The jeans cost $500? Fuck Stop it, keep baking, see, the smell it's a statement One freeze of this shit, you won't feel your legs kid I'm a gangsta corporate hustla, my voice is illustrious Hounded by vicious dons, nigga we armed, trust me bruh They yellin Chef, kill the plate with the cooks I say 'Ye with 2 Chainz on, we Common, let's Push Burn another bush, then burn another we brothers Love us or not, the Mark Zuckerbergs of the block Hug a knot, staying rich, we was built for the guap Park the green six deuce on the deuce just props Rock a kilt, mean Glock I'm all machinery, ock Cling to me, now see how the scenery rock yo? [Common] I was born by a late chicken shack and a church That mean the flow got wings and it come from the dirt Golly, I know she wanna test the 'Rari Eye on a dollar like Illuminati Life is foggy, tryin to see through the mist of it Could have been livin it, you was Mrs. Mischievous This is just a letter to better your development Situation delicate [Pusha T] Some claim God body, blame Illuminati All cause his pockets now knotty as his hair  Yeah all Sonny no Cher, only solitaires You clusterfucks could cluster up On tippy-toe and still not muster up so its Ashes to ashes, dust to dust In God we trust, the game is all us Til' the sky calls or its flames on us Push [2 Chainz] 2 Chainz I'm chillin in my camo, flippin through the channel On my G.O.O.D. Music shit, my logo's a Lambo (damn) Four doors of ammo Ammunition I'm pitchin to make your body switch another position [CyHi Da Prynce] I hope the people is listening I could never sell my soul, I gave it back to God at my christening Its tickelin when I hear what haters be whisperin What makes you think an Illuminati would ever let some niggas in? Fake friends and siblings, like to wish you well but ain't never flip the nickel in Haters wanna pull they pistol when they see me in this race car But you can't spell war without an A-R 15 I was pushing carts at K-Mart By 21 they said I'd be inside a graveyard Can't wait to get that black American Express So I can show them white folks how to really pull the race card [Break: D'banj + (Kanye West, Kid Cudi) Yeah, you feelin on top now, getting that money nigga? (You sold your soul) Yeah, you feelin on top now, getting that money nigga? (You sold your soul) Yeah, you feelin on top now, getting that money nigga? (Naw man, mad people was frontin Aw man, made something from nothing) [Kanye West] I treat the label like money from my shows G.O.O.D. would've been God except I added more o's If I knew she was cheatin I'd still've bought her more clothes Cause I was too busy with my Baltimore- you know Some people call that the art of war you know I guess it depends what you fallin for The clothes, cars, money, girls and the clothes Aw money, you sold your soul Nah man, mad people was frontin God damn, we made something from nothin The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: (Kanye West f/) Common Album: Late Registration Song: My Way Home Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash * samples are from "Home is Where the Hatred Is" by Gil Scott-Heron [Common] Yeah {* "I'm on my way home" - sample repeats throughout} They say home is where the hate is, my dome is where fate is I stroll where souls get lose like Vegas Seen through the eyes of rebel glasses Pray to God that my arms reach the masses The young smoke grass in grassless jungles Rubber band together in cashless bundles We wear strugglin chains, divided only hustle remains Makin sense of it we hustle for change Revolution ain't a game it's another name, for life fightin Someone to stay in they corner like Mike Tyson Heights fightin for hits to heighten they hell Don't he know he could only get as high as he fell Show money becomes bail, relationships become jail Children are unhailed I wish love was for sale, "Behold the Pale - Horse" got me trapped like R. Kel', I bail and it {* "Might not be such a bad idea if I never... never went home again"} {* "I'm on my way home"} {"I left three days ago, but no one seems to know I'm gone"} {* "Home is where the hatred is; home is filled with pain and it"} {* "Might not be such a bad idea if I never... never went home again"} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Kanye West f/ Common, Q-Rip, Rhymefest, Talib Kweli Album: Late Registration (UK Import) Song: We Can Make it Better Typed by: jamx3k@yahoo.com * * send corrections to the typist [Kanye West] ("Make It Up") We can make it better ("Make It Up") We can make it better ("Make It Up") We can make it better ("Make It Up") We can make it Somebody told me that Delta's brownskinned, AKAs' lightskinned And they supposed to be bougious, so they got white friends First day of school, I'mma take you sight seein' Show you what we do on weekends for a sight, man She said, "I know what you about to say, like your hypeman" She let a nigga hit it, and now she only date white men And if a nigga even wave at her, it's frightnin'; but [Chorus: Kanye West] ("Make It Up") We can make it better (Better we can) ("Make It Up") We can make it better (Better we can make it on up, we can) ("Make It Up") We can make it better (Better we can) ("Make It Up") We can make it [Talib Kweli] The night fallin' over Brooklyn, where they murder for change The converter remains faithful to the drugdealer priestess He in search of the word of fame, you heard of the name Kweli the truth, like I'm comin' out the mouth of (?) One for it, one for out the grave Niggaz want they reperations, How you calculate the amount to be paid You try to imagine America without the slaves (the slaves) [Q-Tip] Her tenament yo, is rat infested Her heart is like a gold (?) cause she wouldn't protest it Cause, her bestfriend's man got popped He was sixteen years old, the cop thought his phone was a glock In the hood is a everday happenin' A friend of the priest say she chose out the captain She yelled out "Why you do this to black men?" [Common] I think of eighty seven ways, to make better days Whether climb or rhyme, I heard of rebel pays On the scene, tryin' to get green like everglades Music, rhymin' good like escalates In the ghetto infested by shade and drama And niggaz wit' thangs ain't afraid of karma I'm thinkin' big like Little Wayne in the (?) [Rhymefest] C'mon; Tell people the truth, but never give 'em ya true thoughts Terrorism on blacks, they poison our Newports Partiot Act in effect, make it hard to breathe now Johnny Cochran dead, who gonna get us free now? Clinton ain't in office, who gon' give us shit free now? Who gon' make it better for the thugs and Ps now? Who gon' make it good for old folks that's senile? Oh, it's good music, yeah dog I see now The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Kanye West f/ Common, Malik Yusef Album: Kon the Louis Vuitton Don Song: Wouldn't You Like to Ride Typed by: ava_azn@yahoo.com [Intro (Kanye West)] You like to ride... (uh) (So "why don't) you and your friends (get with) me and my friends" "(My friends) my friends, my friends, my friends" Would you like to ride? (I don't know what happened, it's just like, heh) "So why don't you and your friends get with me and my friends" "My friends, my friends, my friends, my friends" [Kanye West] I had that little ass Nissan at your crib showin' up Liquor store out of Arbor Mist, we Irish Rosed it up Then we rolled to the movies, you rocked your fake Chloes You had Gap and Gucci, that's still two G's But that's that last year purse like it's still too cheap Ooh you so boozy boo you could of fooled me Cuz five years ago you was so Fugees Now you don't want nothin' unless it cost a few G's You like the light-skinned Ania, the dark-skinned Aaliyah The black Jennifer Lopez, a ghetto senorita You remind me of my Jeep but not no Kia We can talk on your cell, but not Nokia It be goin' in and out, that's why I barely hear ya It be goin' in and out like a robbery ah I'm tryin' to +take this money+ like +Robin Geeda+ Then I'ma +take you to the house+ like +Trick and Trina+ [Hook] Would you like to ride shotgun in the Escalade "So why don't you and your friends get with me and my friends" "My friends, my friends, my friends, my friends" Like a cloud in our sky, grab your things let's fly away "So why don't you and your friends get with me and my friends" "My friends, my friends, my friends, my friends" [Malik Yusef] Malik Yusef, bet your baby momma know the name The most critically acclaimed wordsmith in the game I give you words spit with flames Stay to myself and let nerves mix with lames Connoisseur of Kama Sutra, do somethin' absurd with your dame I used to love this girl who loved shoppin' and smokin' herb But my job was to hustle 'dro Now an artist of the spoken word, I just hustle flow Never a preety boy, always a +beautiful mind+ like Russell Crowe Now you in places no cabs'll take you, only the bus'll go I would love for you and your friends to get with me and my friends But the problemo is your attitude be on the stank side And I no longer like you Fuck it, now you can't ride but ooh, wouldn't you like to [Hook] Would you like to ride shotgun in the Escalade "So why don't you and your friends get with me and my friends" "My friends, my friends, my friends, my friends" Like a cloud in our sky, grab your things let's fly away "So why don't you and your friends get with me and my friends" "My friends, my friends, my friends, my friends" [Common] Deep as the ocean is the motion of life Thought you would have been the sister I chose for my wife Not knowin' you was trife Stiflin' a nigga's growth All you wanna do is shop at River Oaks Watch soaps on the couch, take shit and smoke I'm workin' hard like a fiend tryin' to get some dope Thought my +real nigga quotes+ would make you truer You ain't gon' let me school ya, at least let me tutor The sex is good, but you ain't a shooter There's a war goin' on inside, you ain't a trooper I look through the mirror and see my reflection It ain't in your direction so I passed her like a reverend Returned to my Bishop Juan ways goin' wild like West and Kanye Wherever I lay my ??? is my home, goddamnit I'm grown Broke broad I'ma leave your ass alone You still wanna ride though [Hook] Would you like to ride shotgun in the Escalade "So why don't you and your friends get with me and my friends" "My friends, my friends, my friends, my friends" Like a cloud in our sky, grab your things let's fly away "So why don't you and your friends get with me and my friends" "My friends, my friends, my friends, my friends" Would you like to ride shotgun in the Escalade "So why don't you and your friends get with me and my friends" "My friends, my friends, my friends, my friends" Like a cloud in our sky, grab your things let's fly away "So why don't you and your friends get with me and my friends" "My friends, my friends, my friends, my friends" Artist: Zap Mama f/ Common, Talib Kweli Album: Zap Mama Song: Yelling Away Typed by: ihda2@hotmail.com [Talib] Ok, its the emcee extraordinaire Talib Kweli Chillin on Soundbombing 3, with my peoples From the East, Cypha Soundz, from West, Mr. Choc This is how we do it, I got y'all back, y'all got mine Let's do this- no more music motherfuckers [laughing] [Zap Mama- Chorus] Yelling, yelling, yelling away Going, going, going away And fly, away [Talib] Yo, fly in it Blue skies the limit, the skies infinite It reflect in the eyes of those who try to send spies in it Capture the sun if they could, but they go blind by it Look in the sky and I see Africa's eyes in it The land is dry like the cry in'finite The tear we shed grow to fruit til the eye replenish The industry wanna try to give my rhyme a sentence Behind bars with my rhymes diminished, they tryna end us But all them clowns do is give my mind a senate To watch my people's enemy die in my presence Fly away on the highest adventure out on the line And enter the gate of Zion, need to decide who sent em' I went through the jungle (yeah) Stalking like a black panther, rap's answer to that cancer Choking the life out the hood They won't let a man emancipate his people This refreshing like the spray of the bay in Puerto Rico [Chorus] x2 [Zap Mama] All the things, you desire Earth...wind...water, fire These elements hammer nice together See, you can find it there Find it there [Chorus] x2 [Common] Yo, I came into this world as the naked truth A little baby girl, trying to make it through Through this earth, wind, fire and water That I'm someone's daughter Cadence of divine order Sorta sent to let the people know their times spent It's precious and we can't keep our minds bent On just the pleasures of sex, drugs, wine, bread In essence, we one with the environment Though I've been here, less than a year Being so close to god, I guess I haven't learned the fear When I heard nature telling me, time to come home Told my mind this is the path for you to walk, not to run on Understand the night, to reach a higher day Follow yourself so you can fly away (fly away) Fly away dawg, fly away dawg, fly away dawg, fly away dawg [Zap Mama] You are feeling, the stress But in life, you're truly blessed Go...for...nothing less Spread your wings and fly away Fly away [Chorus] x4 [Zap Mama] Go...for...nothing less (x3) 