The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Cypress Hill Album: Cypress Hill Song: Pigs    This pig harassed the whole neighborhood,    Well this pig worked at the station.    This pig he killed my Homeboy,    So the fuckin' pig went on a vacation.    This pig he is the chief,    Got a brother pig, Captain O'Malley.    He's got a son that'a a pig too,    He's collectin' pay-offs from a dark alley.    This pig is known as a Narco,    If he's a pig or not, we know that he could be.    This pig he's a fuckin' fag,    So all his homepigs they call him a pussy.     Well this pig he's really cool,    So in this class we know he rides all alone.    Well this pig's standin' eatin' donuts,    While some motherfuckers out robbin' your home.    This pig he's a big punk,    And I know that he can't stand the sight of me.    'Cos pigs don't like it when ya act smart,    And when ya tell 'em that your a group from society.    This pig works for the mafia,    Makin' some money off crack.    But this little pig got caught,    So when he gets to the Pen it's all about the pay-back.    'Cos once he gets to the Pen,    They won't provide the little pig with a bullet-proof vest.    To protect him from some mad nigga,    Who he shot in the chest and placed under arrest.    An' it's all about breakin' off sausage,    Do ya feel sorry for the poor little swine ?    Niggas wanna do him in the ass,    Just ta pay his ass back, so they're standin' in line.    That fuckin' pig.    Look what he got himself into.    Now they're gonna make some pigs feet outta the little punk.    Anybody like pork-chops ?    How 'bout a ham sandwich ?    How 'bout a ham sandwich ? The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Cypress Hill Album: s/t Song: How I Could Just Kill a Man Intro: It's another one of them ol' funky Cypress Hill things YouknowhatI'msayin? And it goes like thisss... Verse One: Be Real  Hey don't miss out on what your passin  You're missin the hoota of the funky Buddha  Eluder or the fucked up styles to get wicked  So come on as cypress starts to kick it  Cuz we're like the outlaw stridin  Suckers are hidein  Jump behind the bush when they see me driving  by  Hangin out my window  And my magnum takin out some puto's  Acting kinda loco  I'm just another local  Kid from from the street getting paid for my  vocals (Be-Real) Here is something you can't understand (Sen Dog) How I could just kill a man Chorus: repeat 4X (Be-Real) Here is something you can't understand [what does it all mean] (Sen Dog) How I could just kill a man Verse Two: Sen Dog, Be-Real (Sen Dog)  I been doin' all the dumb shit,  yo, because I bet it's comin' from it  I'm not gonna waste no time,  fuckin' around like I got ya hummin  Hummin'... comin' at cha...  And you know I had to gat ya. (Be-Real)  Time for some action, just a fraction of friction  I got the clearance to run the interference  into your sattelite, shinin a battle light,  swing out the gat, and I know that will gat ya right.  Here's an example, just a little sample.  How I could just kill a man!  One-time tried to come in my home,  take my chrome, I said "Yo, it's on.  Take cover son, or you're ass-out.  How you like my chrome?", then I watched the rookie pass out.  Didn't have to blast him, but I did anyway...  Hahaha... that young punk had to pay.  So I just killed a man!  Chorus Verse Three: Be Real  It's gonna be a long time before I finish  one of the many missions that I have to establish  To light my spliff, ignite ya with these sights  and if you ain't down: bullshit!  Say some punk try to get you for your auto,  Would you call the one-time, play the role model?  No, I think you play like a thug  Next hear the shot of a magnum slug  Hummin', comin' at cha  yeah ya know I'm gonna gat ya  How you know where I'm at when you haven't been where I've been,  understand where I'm coming from.  When you're up on the hill, in your big home  I'm out here, risking my dome.  Just for a bucket, or a fast ducat  just to stay alive, aiyyo I gotta say "fuck it". (Be-Real) Here is something you can't understand (Sen Dog) How I could just kill a man Chorus: Outro: All I wanted was a Pepsi The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Cypress Hill Album: s/t Song: Hand on the Pump Verse One Well I'm an alley cat, some say a dirty rat On my side you see my gat, see I'm all of that Sendin off buck shots for I'm gonna wetcha Running hard, but I'm still coming to getcha Thinking like a peace smoke, comin on a homicide You talkin shit, try to take me for a ride I'm not a bad guy, but I'm the funky feel one Finger on the trigger with my hands upon the steel Lettin out a bullet, this is going boo-yaa You're stuck in my so hood, so what ya gonna do now? Being the hunted one is no fun Here I come son, yo I think you better run Better run more, and move a little faster Second of thought and I'm coming to blast ya With my Chorus Sawed off shotgun, hand on the pump Left hand on a forty, [puffin onna blunt] Pumped my shotgun, [niggaz didn't jump] Lala la la lala la laaaaa... Verse Two Comin at you like a stiff blow, fuckin up your program Ain't takin shit from you him or no man Master mind maniac and a menace soooo How they want to pass sentence All because a nigga tried to play me on the trigger He missed, so now the nigga's pissed Rude and crude like a pitbull, get to the point Your fuckin car to get pulled, now I'm headed up the river with a boat and no paddle And I'm handin out beatdowns I'm headed up the river with a boat and no paddle And I'm handin out beatdowns [get your face down!] Put me in chains, try to beat my brains I can get out, but the grudge remains When I see ya punk ass, I'm gonna getcha Fucking do ya, shotgun go boo-yaa! Chorus Verse Three Kickin that funky Cypress Hill shit Take a lot of mental for the blunted to chill with, Cuz I'm the chill one, known to get ill one They stepped to the Hill "What's up?", I had to kill one Now I'm headed up the river with a boat and no paddle And they got me on lock down Headed up the river with a boat and no paddle And they got me on lock down Hit me like a nigga who done lost his mind Cause I ain't goin out like a spineless jellyfish Some say life is a bitch Ask that punk who dug his own ditch Out for the Hill fuckin up at a party Tried to get funny, put a hole in his body Lala la la lala la laaa Look at all of those funeral cars Cause I'ma Chorus The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Cypress Hill Album: Cypress Hill Song: Hole in the Head Typed by: OHHLA.com [Sen Dog] Ganxta Ridd, whassup yo? [Gxt Rid] It's a Tribe thang [Verse One: B-Real] Madman gonna get cha, quick with the cuente See a gang, no there ain't no jugete Rollin like a pyscho with the windows rolled down Who you lookin at, you tryin to fade me clown? Plato, si mon, you want static When you reach for your gat to load your automatic (Boo-yaa!!) Spittin out buckshots Homey say blood claat, so you can call a pig Cause no one could handle, I wind up, and loco Insane in the brain, you get the bullet and [Chorus: B-Real, Sen Dog] A hole in your head A hole in your fuckin head/A fuckin hole in your head   In your head! A hole in the/your head, a hole in the/your head You get a hole in the head (a hole in the head) in your motherfuckin head   Huh!/In your head A hole in the head, a hole in the head [Verse Two: B-Real] Eight barrel pumpin, system thumpin See a fine heina, c'mon baby jump in I stop to cop, here let me tell you somethin Me and you, bruca, we should be humpin Honey likes the mack, homey's got her in the bag But there's vato's rollin out, and they're stickin up the flag He jumps out with the sag, hey where ya from homes? It's on... he sees him reachin for his chrome Buckshot to the dome, jumps in the Brome Honey's in the back but she just wants to go home But he trips to the store homeboy needs a forty White boy at the counter's thinkin oh lordy lordy! Pushin on the button, panickin for nuttin Pigs on the way, aiyyo I smells bacon Dips out the store, one-time hits the corner And he hits the fuckin alley like his homes was Pop Warner Still had the forty, comin at the alley Seen the chief's son, pig Officer O'Malley, oink In the black and white thinkin he's gonna check him right Wrong, hah, it's gonna be on That pig better suck a la chrome (P.D. 187) A to the motherfuckin K! (You know whassup Sen) Get your ass down! And by the way A Scooby Doo y'all, a Scooby Doo y'all   Scooby Doo! A Scooby Doo y'all, a doobie doobie doo y'all   Doobie doo! A Scooby Doo y'all, Scooby Doo y'all!   Scooby Doo! A Scooby Doo y'all, a Scooby doobie Doo y'all [Verse Three: B-Real] Six rollin up and now he's really baffled Brother's thinkin "Damn I never got this gaffled" (to' up) Beat down (down) on the way to the station Gaffled up from a false accusation Oink to the pen, you know homes the one that's where the attitudes apply and where the punks'll be dined Made a comb to a shank, I'm gonna stick ya Wet ya, you know homes the picture (Yeah you never been to jail boy!)   Broomstick up your ass And by the way, you get [Chorus] - repeat 2X [Sen Dog] Yeah South Central and the Westside teamed up    This is hell boy [Gxt Rid] It's a Tribe thang... straight up! It's a Tribe thang [Sen Dog] What side is that Ridd? [B-Real] Can they kick it?    Can they kick it?    Yeah, can they kick it?    I'm Sirnose and they cannot kick it The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Cypress Hill Album: Cypress Hill Song: Ultraviolet Dreams     Ultraviolet dreams Take a hit of that stuff     Ultraviolet dreams   That's some good shit man! Stuff should light now   Oh that shit's good man!     Ultraviolet dreams   It's like the biggest joint man (Oh no!)   That's the hook up!     Ultraviolet dreams   Hook up, this is! (Pass that shit homey)   Pass it around (That stuff right there)     Ultraviolet dreams   Orderly, hey I'm holdin it   Let me see that     Ultraviolet dreams   That's some good shit man! God damn! Feed me   That's some good shit *inhales, exhales* The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Cypress Hill Album: Cypress Hill Song: Light Another Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [B-Real] Yo light one, ignite one, draw me like the buddha You say I'm the joint, but you can call me hooda Computer, wizard, the butcher of scissors Cut me up and spark and roll me up, like a blizzard Dwellin your cells up, lungs start to swell up Your pipe's gettin crowded, yo just forget about it Me, is potent, so bring an opponent You could suck on it, shit I know you wanted to Feel the effects of the high I know you feel the effects of the high Wanna feel the effects of the high, brother? [Sen] B-Real, light another [B-Real] I'm smoked out, not on a menthol cigarette How could you figure, or even, consider that I'm, a weak seed, no, I'm the humble weed ?, hash spliff this tweed actin type of stylin, how do you spell it Take a hit from outta New York into Phillie Hit some Visine, so the smoke can let out Now do you really think you can take the red out and Feel the effects of the high I know you feel the effects of the high Wanna feel the effects of the high, brother? [Sen] B-Real, light another [B-Real] Spliff, aiyya, ?, vaya Why ya, want ta, turn off the fire You can't get higher, when you turn me off and .. aiyyo, pussy stop coughin You're wastin the lingo, soon all the sack's gone He'll take this bounty rhyme for you to stack on Anyway you have it, you love me like Mary Jane or a 40 to the head, like my brother Kenny Wayne You need to inhale, musical paraphen' Yes musical, Muggs fixed the trend Ahhh, just like a head Brain cells get lit, but I'm the joint you can't grip Through, your finger, I'll start to sting ya So just hear my words linger and Feel the effects of the high I know you feel the effects of the high Wanna feel the effects of the high, brother? Yo Muggs, light another! .. [B-Real] Put me in the bamboo, with just a tape deck ? like brother, rewinds the cassette Was it, because it's funky that ya loves it? (Yeah man) Here's another lyric, go puff it Don't choke off, the hype or croak off When you blow the smoke off, hold until I get off or turn off the fat joint, wanna hit that joint Here is the flat point, I rob it at gun point I'm, the High Times, you get through my rhymes Suck on the pipeline, sit back and recline You gotta suck on, the fattie so come on and Feel the effects of the high I know you feel the effects of the high Wanna feel the effects of the high, brother? I'll just, light another [Cypress Hill] Feel the effects of the high I know you feel the effects of the high Wanna feel the effects of the high, brother? Yo, light another You wanna feel the effects of the high? You wanna feel the effects of the high? Wanna feel the effects of the high, brother? Aiyyo, light another You wanna feel the effects of the high? Can you feel the effects of the high? Can you feel it? I feel the effects of the high -- yo can you feel it? Yo light that motherfucker up man I know you feel it The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Cypress Hill Album: Cypress Hill Song: The Phuncky Feel One   Are you ready?     Ladies and gentlemen   Bout ready to get down? (repeat 2x)     Ladies and gentlemen Verse One: B-Real Well I'm the Real one, yes the Phuncky Feel One Cypress Hill has come, any quest/just ask them Cause we are answerin, any brothers that've been On the dick swingin, and straight gatherin Enter da info, cause yo what you're in fo' Is a crazy day, strapped in a pimp mode Trapped like a prophet, but I still profit Even when you're off it, bank's in my pocket Cause of my music, what you call me chumpy? In my trade, the Tribe is known to get funky Hif is here to hack you sown, Son is here to buck you down Joke's on you, if you're the biggest duck in town You got to relax, we got to kick back Brothers just sit back, enjoy me like a six pack As I let the rhyme flow, into the hook Yo where you gettin took, but that's another story black Chorus: B-Real Cause I'm the Real one, yes the Phuncky Feel One I'm the Real one, yes the Phuncky Feel One I'm the Real one, yes the Phuncky Feel One You know I'm the Real one, yes the Phuncky Feel One Verse Two: Sen Dog, B-Real Night in a stiff block, hangin up the pimp's jock Used to call me Pimp Poppa, cause I likes to hip-hop Cause I'm down with Cypress, illin well I might Begin to take your girl, your girl she's the flyest Flyer than the other broad, workin off the pitched rod Isn't that odd, instead of sayin my dick's hard It's not about knockin you, do you feel like clockin loot? Forget it act stupid little sucker I'll be clockin you With the right or left hand, duck they was still stand Troopers on the side step, bucks him down to death man With the greater lyric, if you can spare it Just an ass kickin, is what you inherit So don't try to snake off, you know I can't be shook off Why the suckers took off? Well that's another story black Chorus Verse Three: B-Real, Sen Dog Standin on the corner, close to the real estate   Clones they really pull stickin brothers try to imitate Meaning when they simulate, but they can't stimulate   Like a faded joint, stiff from the breath I take Make me act loco, they switchin up my vocal   Out to catch you so-called, MC's with a roll call Then you gotta close your eyes, you can't stand the sunlight   There is just one light, the Tribe's buckin heads tonigght Buck buck buck ya head! Sorry that red is dead   Deader than a doornail, someone cold made his bed Didn't just break out, the sucker got cracked out   Hit the pipe and blacked out, with the shit from back down So much more integrity, greatest deal I hook up Was a funky looker   But that's another story black Chorus: (together) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Cypress Hill Album: Cypress Hill Song: Break It Up Break it up Cypress Hill, break it up Cypress, break it up Cypress Hill   Cypress Hill! (repeat 13X to fade) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Cypress Hill Album: Cypress Hill Song: Real Estate Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [B-Real] You'll waste time to hurt her, sorta like murder A duck with the public's favorite rhyme order I ain't no waiter or hater of a spectator (kill em B-Real) Seekin to find the toys, with no flavor See I'm talkin about those whose vocals ain't comin off A skill to kill at will, but awfully dumb of course some go nut, the power of the last one slower, flower, blower Those who ain't pros I wet my stupid radio cause he needs a G when you listen to the vocal I'm not a loco but I'm lookin just til punk go OHH Now you can't see I'm real great? Check out the story to the glory of the real estate [Sen Dog] All these motherfuckers that wanna run up on the Hill Step off! You know why? This shit is all about BOO-YAA cause I said step off! [B-Real] This is the crime you find you're not an exponent Doggone it, another gonna mierda on it Now you're wishin, fishin you could do this But on the strength, yo, I think you knew this was just like a dream, when you supreme, the king of a minor ? All for 47, swung ? eleven Got hit with a pitch like a bitch and went to heaven Weak ducks, duckin and buckin Sayin FUKKIT, ain't worth damn pay the ducats From my public, my favorite subject, I loves it So go 'head, talk your punk shit Suckers, you're nuttin, ? like a jock ? Crack smoker, can we adjust we choker Ohh, now you can't see I'm real great? Check out the story to the glory of the real estate [Sen Dog] Heh heh heh, another soft pussy motherfucker Another fly verse Straight from the deficit Another scripture of B-Real Yeah.. get funky, Real This is the Lower Eastside of things YouknowhatI'msayin? Cypress Hill [B-Real] You ain't flamboyant, a toy boy on it Ain't paid a plot, for un-em-b-boyment I won't cause yo I got a lot of what I gotcha Plus I taught ya, the beat on the top of everything you know, still you can't do no damage or duel though aiyyo, cause our crew now the Real is the ?, sport and you can see this G-ness dialogue, of the real skiers I ain't nuttin like a joke, get stoned, get smoked and choke off, the hypes I cook off The dialectic, funk-elistic Chew slower or become another statistic Ohh, now you can't see I'm real great? Check out the story to the glory of the real estate [Sen Dog] Yo I told you to keep down brother The motherfuckers just don't learn nothin G Wake up Hill They gotta keep goin back to the old school So they keep goin out Cause they're just not Real Ha yeah that's right fool [B-Real] Yes the master pass, kick your ass and feel combustion, for the dope blast Cause you're steppin on my property, get off it G Get caught up, then you get shot up See, violators will be prosecuted by the reputed, undisputed, Cypress zooted Not so, no there's no sellout You ain't got enough ducats to shell out Well I'm in front, and yo I feel great Check out the story to the glory of the real estate [Sen Dog] Yeah, roaches come in but they don't come out G Don't come on the Hill That's right Get off the Real Estate Get off the Real Estate Get off the Real Estate Get off the Real Estate The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Cypress Hill Album: Cypress Hill Song: Stoned is the Way of the Walk (Chorus) Stoned is the way of the Walk, Stoned is the way of the Walk, Verse 1 ( B-real) Well, it's the Alley Cat puffin' on a hootie rat, Some think I'm a criminal, But, yo I ain't all of that, Hit'cha with the baseball bat, An' ya wanna ill though, Wanna mess around , You get fucked on the hill bro, Kick it like a steel toe, real slow, Hits from the bong , Make me feel like Cheech,  And I'm kickin' it wit' Chong, Just like Cheech & Chong frontin' with "Ice Cream", Cypress Hill is here to give you a nice dream, Speak it like a rolla', and you know it's rolled tightly, I'm like the funky beat, so, why ya tryin' ta fight me, Pigs often site me, that's not polite G, And any hour of the day ya know I might be, Harassed by a pig real fast, They wanna Rodney King me, Always tryin'a crown my ass, Ain't got no class(Sen Dog: No Class) I hit they' ass like the buddah thats stinkey, They wanna' scruff but, they' just so rinky-dinky, I'm the freaka, the one who freaks the funk, Sen gotts the Philly, an' he's gonna light the blunt, Sippin' curfew makes me go koo-koo, somthin' like loco then turn in to this loocoo, Binggin the beta,yea, now the funk is risen, Got the beta bass and the nasal highzen, As I kick atrip, it comin' straight from my siness, Crazy nasal vocals, cannot make the hotties loco, I rimemba sista Maggie, breast were kinda saggy, Used to sell me buddah outta fucked up little, Honeyd up a twenty even when I had no money, She said "Pay me back with some latin dick Sonnie" Well I neva' went out, and I don' thnk I'm gonna, Just for some buddah, she wanted me ta bone her, Deminin', Ya think ya meanin',  I got somethin' for the hoes ta be skeamin' on, I'm the Buddah-Real take a trip ta hoota'ville, I'll throw ya out the door, of my big blue Siville, Then light another joint,  This ain't no exploition (poin't), Cause we are the ones stonein' in the ways of the mastas, Stoned is the walk, Stoned is the walk, Stoned is the walk, Stoned is the walk,  (Sen- Dog) Hit they, hit they ass,  (B-Real) make the buddah get stinkey Wooooo, Woooo (Alas, Cap'in there's a ship in sight,  Huhu, Blast 'em!) Stonend is the walk, The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Cypress Hill Album: Cypress Hill Song: Psycobetabuckdown Typed by: dj.flfash@pobox.com [B-Real] I increase my throttle, uplift my shuttle Tribe in a huddle, pilot on auto - bro I'm not a role model, more like a psycho A Bates type of +Psycho+, cut you like Michael +Halloween+ character, or computer wizard Hit you with the blizzard, cut your circuit with my scissors Shorts'll get crossed while you're in the crossfire You get blasted, you dumb-ass bastard See you need the day-ta *, better I say dah-ta *		* (data) You're lookin at the Tribe, and you're a hater Comin from inside, means I come better or should I say rather, together I'm gonna set ya head in the casket, your body in a basket A tisket, a tasket -- I told ya I'm gonna blast ya When I'm on the psycobeta, state of mind over magnum, you know I'm gonna tag them You're gonna get flunked when I buck ya down You know you're gonna get flunked when I buck ya down You know you're gonna get flunked when I buck ya down What you're runnin from, is the psycobetabuckdown! [B]	Psycho, alpha, disco, beta [S]	Psycobetaduckdown baby! [B]	Psycho, alpha, disco, beta [S]	It's a psycobetaduckdown! Huh! [B]	Psycho, alpha, disco, beta [S]	It's a psycobetaduckdown! [B]	Psycho, alpha, disco, beta [S]	Somebody's gettin bucked down [B-Real] See I'm from South Central, bustin out my metal rapid-fire petal, funk is makin me get mental Yo, it make no sense, so here son ? Sen start the massacre, as I get nasal The phase'll be like a murderer's maze yo You won't find B-Real, inside any kind of cage yo Sen is the gangsta, me I'm just a pimp Broads swingin off my dick like a chimp, simpin So what's the story - you come lookin for me? Better just scatter, or you're gettin leaded I'm the one who said it, boy it doesn't matter You're gonna get splattered, with my funky ill juice Cause I'm +The Phuncky Feel One+, makin you get real loose My intellect, dialect, dialogue, intellect, catalogue from what you want me to select different forms of beta, psycho for alpha The way I stay in control of myself I'm not one of many penny ante on the gauges in the stone ages, make minimum wages Show me where the stage is, I come to get the brain on HEY MAN, get the fuck off the 'caine bruh! You're gonna get flunked when I buck ya down You know you're gonna get flunked when I buck ya down You know you're gonna get flunked when I buck ya down What you're runnin from, is the psycobetabuckdown! [B]	Psycho, alpha, disco, beta [S]	It's a psycobetaduckdown baby! [B]	Psycho, alpha, disco, beta [S]	Psyco-beta-rrific, in profile [B]	Psycho, alpha, disco, beta [S]	It's a psycobetaduckdown! [B]	Psycho, alpha, disco, beta [S]	Somebody's gettin bucked down [B-Real] Psycho, alpha, disco, beta Yo where's the hooda? Hahaha, funky, yeah I don't like that crazy shit man.. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Cypress Hill Album: Cypress Hill Song: Latin Lingo Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash, jorgedacev@hotmail.com ("Bad, let's start the fuckin show, ah?") [Sen Dog] Freak to the funk that no-one else is bringing Sen Dog with the funky bilenge Yeah that's the nombre, heard the homey Peace to Mellow and Frost, and the deporte Sen Dog is not kid from Veterano I'm down, another fried hispano One of the many of the latin de este año And I got plenty for the Jennies tryin to hound dog But wait, they're clownin on me cause of my language I have to tell em straight up, it's called spanglish Now who's on the fiend, gala gringo Tryin to get paid, from the funky bilingual [Chorus: B-Real and Sen Dog] Latin lingo baby (funky bilingual) funky bilingual Yeah, funky bilingual! Latin lingo baby (funky bilingual) funky bilingual It's the latin lingo! [Sen Dog] Cuando entro, when I come in, suckers fronted Me mira, another bilingual from bein a vengo, como ejemplo, check the tempo Ahh, it's that chingonla instrumental Ya oiste, como somos Yo no jodo, acá estoy solo And you can hear it, in las congas Tribal ceremony as the Hill gets stronger Don't be such a leper what chupa la cabeza Hey homes, pass the cerveza Before I have to go and push up on your reza Hmm, she's fine, son que fresca Here homes have a hit of this yesca Deep yo enseno [en-senyo] the lingua la prento Now you know, that I am in the centro Where you live, si tu puedes Nowadays you ain't shit without your puentes Something like it's gangbang, vatos get it BANG BANG Could of hung out with them now you callin me a insane Salte de mi cara sal de mi camino Make way, for the the funky bilingual [Chorus: B-Real and Sen Dog] Latin lingo baby (funky bilingual) funky bilingual Funky bilinguals hoe! Latin lingo baby (funky bilingual) funky bilingual It's the latin lingo, baby! Latin lingo baby (funky bilingual) funky bilingual Funky bilingual... Some of that old Latin funk, knowhatI'msayin? [Sen Dog] (What's up homey? Don't you know me?) Si mon (Ain't you the brother of the mas pingo?) Straight up And I'm down with La Raza Kid Frost got my back, BOO-YAA! in la casa Cause everyday things get a little crazier As I step to the microphone area First I claim my city, puro los angeles [an-heles] Yeah (you know homes) that's where the calles is Vato wouldn't know me, along with the heinas Catchin all them slippin, for they such a one-timer So when you see me at the party or the baile Before I got here I was gaffled in the calle Troop like a vacho who said I was borracho Had an attitude, tried to play me macho Just relax, calmado mijo Sen Dog with the funky bilingual [Chorus: B-Real and Sen Dog] Latin lingo baby, funky bilingual Funky bilingual Latin lingo baby, funky bilingual Funky bilingual Latin lingo baby, funky bilingual Funky bilingual... funky baby! Yeah, I'd like to send peace, to my homeboy B-Real Mellow Man Ace, Kid Frost, Ralph M the Mexican And we're out The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Cypress Hill Album: Cypress Hill Song: The Funky Cypress Hill Shit Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [B-Real] I came to introduce a new type of juice Stuff I invents to make you feel real loose No you don't drink it, just let it sink it Then start feelin it (The Funky Cypress Hill Shit!) People ask, "Why do you sound so funny?" They must be talkin bout my funky nasal vocal money I take control, no need to blow my nose Just click on the chumpy and feel the funky flows for you and your bros, him and his hoes You don't like it? Here's my dick -- bite it There's nuttin you can do about the real one It'sa ill sum with the ill juice, I'm +The Phuncky Feel One+ Sen'll +Psycobeta+, blast ya if he hasta Tell em Sen (I'm the Psycobeta master!) Strikin ya (hittin ya) buckin ya (fuckin ya) Like my buddha plant boy, I'm gonna keep PLUCKIN ya Pickin ya, then I'm gonna roll you up and light ya Despite your booty in sight to take my joint To get to my point, I'm talkin about a ill trip The Funky Cypress Hill Shit [Sen Dog] The Funky Cypress Hill Shit! (4X) [B-Real] Let me tell you what happens when you squeeze, you're juiceless You can't get loose, so now you're useless Can't feel the funk so I guess I'll pump the wrist How bout this mug kiss my blunt? Right into ya, now you're feelin, the chemicals vibin Are you realizin, that, it's gettin better? Surprisin you, whether or not, your shit's together from the high-pitched levels (comin from my rebels) Cypress Hill imported it, boiled it in steam But yo everything ain't what it seems Cause the Cypress Hill material luxurious superior Glory or memorial, historical physical ingredients, gettin that immediate blend Yo Sen take aim, and let the juice now extend (Yeah I'm still comin atcha, but you don't need to duck down Cause this is somethin different than a Psychobetabuckdown!) [Sen Dog] The Funky Cypress Hill Shit! (4X) .. [Sen] Kick that shit B-Real! [B-Real] Intellect filthy umm lingo Dissed you, I control elements, suck on slow (to get you all jazzed) from here to Tallahassee This ain't Florida, so put away the O.J. Never in your life will you wet this This crazy business, now you're thinkin (?) (?) it's good like some cheeba The formula will run ya I'll start takin up a list so you can get blitzed and you feel your head's twisted Now insisted, you feel it to the brim Yo I ain't him, I could never be them This ain't poison, so let's go out on a limb For the boys and girls who haven't had it yet if you get too much, and roll it too straight yo it's a fatal blow, somethin like a ? Yeah it'll sting ya, (?) See ya, I'm on it, somethin for the blunted Just what you wanted, so you can feel the high Smokin the buddha thai Lungs expandin and now you're feelin it Yeah, the funky cypress hill shit! [Sen Dog] The Funky Cypress Hill Shit! (4X) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Cypress Hill Album: Cypress Hill Song: Tres Equis Conozco una muchacha y ella es fina Tremendos cocos y tambien ella es linda A veces me la cojo en la cocina Esta muchacha me chupa la pinga Yo le dije dame tu bollo Me dice negro loco tu no eres mi novio A mi me importa un carajo A mi cuarto meterte un palo Por tu culo o por tu chocha Y ya tu sabes que no me importa Y ella me dice suavesito Yo pienso que tu eres bien rico Cuando me toca por mi frente Ya tu me tienes bien caliente Y cuando me tocas por detras Ya tu sabes sin parar Acabe de singar y me levante Fui al bano y me ban~e Sali del cuarto y me esperaba Con los ojos negros y bonita cara Pongo mi camisa y mi pantalon Se ria y me dice, "Negro sendenton" Estaba fina Esta muchacha estaba tan pinga Hay! cuando se lo meti Cuando se lo meti, grito, "papppi" Estaba del carajo brother No olvidate olvidate Nunca habia singao yo como singue esa vez Estaba fina The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Cypress Hill Album: Cypress Hill Song: Born to Get Busy [Cypress] Born to get busy, born to get busy baby -- 2X [Sen Dog] I'm the the stiff and I do get nice-r Up the pussy when we in the same party, what We can do this bro, we can't be maxin The figures is useless, unless we're taxin This is a perfection and my tribe's the cash dump Known as a musician, imitator act up Nobody's kid brother, that means I'm up for this task And I set out from the beginning, to kick on the scratch Using modern technique, I place a beat in a rap I went to learn acquire knowledge of a scholar went to college, all Comes very handy when it comes to pushin shovin and stuff Then ask who is he though, I'm not the sissy I'm stiff to neutral brother, and I'm born to get busy [B-Real] Let us start to freak you and we'll make you feel alright When you come to Cypress HIll make sure that you're down with the tribe Cause we're born to get busy, born to get busy baby Born to get busy, born to get busy baby -- 3X B-b-b-b-busy! (Yeaaaahhhaaaahaha, yeah!) [Sen Dog] As I stroll the ever ways of the buddha masters As I smoke my joint I feel one with the earth But a brother like me keeps on walkin to get to the next sign then blaze the next joint... *short pause, then outro comes on over "Stoned" instrumental* The, physical effects of marijuana The first sensations may be felt instantly after having smoked grass or an hour after having eaten Usually, they creep slowly into this stoned condition Inch by inch, sliding upward, but to beatnik The effects may come upon you, suddenly, and startle you full force (The, physical effects of marijuana) (There are four basic types of marijuana) Pyschologically, sometimes the early psychological stages coincide with the early physical stages experienced while stoned The famous "mind expansion" comes after the famous physical sensation Grass, heightens and distorts For example, profound revelations You may THINK you have profound revelations, only to discover... *music and fade obscure final words* The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Cypress Hill  Album: Black Sunday Song: I Wanna Get High Typed by: OHHLA.com I want to get high - so high! I want to get high - so high! I want to get high - so high! I want to get high - so high! Well that's the funk elastic, the blunt I twist it The slamafied, bonafied funk on your discus Oh, what you messed with, you got to bear witness Catch a ho and another ho Merry Christmas Yes I smoke shit, straight off the roach clip I roach it roll the blunt at once to approach it Forward motion make you sway like the ocean The herb is more than just a powerful potion What's the commotion, yo I'm not joking around People learning about, what they're smoking My oven is on high, when I roast the quail Tell Bill Clinton to go and inhale Exhale, now you felt the funk of the power now feel the effects... I want to get high - so high! I want to get high - so high! I want to get high - so high! I want to get high - so high! Yo hits from the bong Yo hits from the bong Yo hits from the bong Yo hits from the from the bong from the bong Yo hits from the bong Yo hits from the from the bong from the bong Yo hits from the from the bong from the bong The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Cypress Hill Album: Black Sunday Song: I Ain't Goin' Out Like That Typed by: Biggiesmallz36@aol.com Let's kick it ese [B-Real] COMIN' OUT DA SLUMS!!! It's da hoodlums I'm pullin' my gat out on all you bums So bring it on when you wanna come fight this Outlaw, kickin like Billy Ray Cypress Hill Chill, I'll bust that grill Grab my gat, and load up the steel And if you wanna get drastic I'll pull out my plastic glock, automatic Synthetic material, burial plots in order Headed down to the Mexican border Smokin' that smellie, Northern Cali Gonna put a slug in Captain O'Malley Ho, hum - hear the gat come, boooooommmmmm! Let me see what you'll do It's a sin to kill a man But I'll be damned if I don't take a stand We ain't goin' out like that We ain't goin' out like that "We ain't goin' out!" We ain't goin' out like that We ain't goin' out like that "We ain't goin' out!" We ain't goin' out like that We ain't goin' out like that "We ain't goin' out!" We ain't goin' out like that "We ain't goin' out like that!" [Sen Dog] I'm high strung, click I'm sprung Cause I don't live on the hum-drum Where I'm from, the gats'll be smokin' I'll be damned if you think I'm jokin' Know - that I'll come with the static Erratic, .45 automatic Screamin' at ya, the red lights beamin' at ya No need to run after The punk-ass hook, in the oven I'll cook Dig the grave for the one who got played Now he's under, don't make Stevie Wonder why Cause he'll testify [B-Real]  I got you thinkin' "What the fuck is this?"  Lettin' you know I take care of business Can.. I.. get a witness? To verify when I depict this style That makes you ecstatic Tragic, when I get a poof of the magic buddha When I roll with my crew I betcha one time can't find my hootah In my vehicle with the belt unbuckled Pig rollin' up but he ain't that subtle Pulled to da curb, so we exchange a few words But he got me stirred up, enough to grab the handcuffs I'll huff-n-puff and blow ya head off! [Sen Dog] Yeahhh! Takin your disses and dissin y'all right back Dissin the Cypress Hill crew, like we ain't shit You little taco stand rapper, eat a bowl of dick up Then you got my man (?), you can eat a bowl of dick up Anybody got beef around the way, yo EAT A BOWL OF DICK UP!! GEEEYEAH!! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Cypress Hill Album: Black Sunday Song: Insane in the Brain Typed by: baisner@pacbell.net Who you tryin to get crazy with ese?  Don't you know I'm loco? [B-Real] To da one on da flamboyant tip I'll just toss that ham in the fryin pan like spam, get done when I come and slam Damn, I feel like the Son of Sam Don't make me wreck shit, hectic Next get the chair got me goin like General Electric Annnd, the lights are blinkin I'm thinkin It's all over when I go out drinkin Ohh, makin my mind slow That's why I don't fuck with the big four-oh Bro, I got ta' maintain Cause a nigga like me is goin insane Insane in da membrane.. insane in da brain! Insane in da membrane.. insane in da brain! Insane in da membrane.. crazy insane, got no brain! Insane in da membrane.. insane in da brain! [Sen Dog] Do my shit undercover now it's time for the blubba blabber, to watch that belly get fatter Fat boy on a diet, don't try it I'll jack yo' ass like a looter in a riot My shit's fat, like a sumo, slammin dat ass Leavin yo' face in the grass Cause you know, I don't take a duro, lightly Punks just jealous cause they can't outwrite me or kick that style, wicked, wild Happy face nigga never seen me smile Rip dat main=frame, I'll explain A nigga like me is goin insane {*DJ Muggs cuts and scratches*} [B-Real] Like Louie Armstrong, played the trumpet I'll hit that bong and break ya off somethin soon I got ta get my props Cops, come and try to snatch my crops These pigs wanna blow my house down  Head underground, to the next town They get mad when they come to raid my pad  and I'm out in the nine-deuce Cad Yes I'm the pirate, pilot of this ship if I get with the ultraviolet dream Hide from the red light beam Now do you believe in the unseen? Look, but don't make you eyes strain A nigga like me is goin insane {*DJ Muggs cuts and scratches*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Cypress Hill Album: Black Sunday Song: When the Shit Goes Down Livin on phat pockets on flat wit tha gat rollin around nine deuce cadillac still got my homies to watch my back and they'll smoke ya ass if ya wanna come chat thats why some pigs an tha kids come sweatin they follow a hollow point shell's hard ta swallow why wallow when ya come ta roll on i put tha clip an dust bring ya ass on,kickin dust on ya head as tha gatt busts my grip surronded im about ta get rushed i brushed wit death how many shells stuffed in my closet??? when tha shit goes down ya better be ready (when tha shit goes down) when tha shit goes down ya better be ready (when tha shit goes down) when tha shit goes down ya better be ready (when tha shit goes down) when tha shit goes down ya better be ready (ya better be ready) i told tha boyz get tha sawed off glock and tha rest of tha gats as i strapped on tha bullet-proof vest BOOM i think i got one to tha chest hot damn I didn't want to kill a man shit i still stand tall with tha hill clan ya'll better stand back niggaz bout ta fall I'm comin out blastin like yosemite sam get tha cheese an tha bread for tha ham when tha shit goes down ya better be ready (when tha shit goes down) when tha shit goes down ya better be ready (when tha shit goes down) when tha shit goes down ya better be ready (when tha shit goes down) when tha shit goes down ya better be ready (ya better be ready) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Cypress Hill Album: Black Sunday Song: Lick A Shot "Oh yeah it is!" "Colour is not important." Lick a shot! "Oh!" Comin' at ya "Fire!" Zippedy do da, zippedy hey Cried oh my, wanna get that punk with my AK And get on the way On a mission, puffin' on a fat ass jay Prude! You can't hang Flash back on the skills when I used to bang On the corner I'll warn ya Gonna roll on ya Fool Hit ya with a golden rule Don't turn your back on the street When I hit that corner, feel the concrete If ya push that by like nothin' Watch me turn to a psycho all of a sudden Blastin' at these fools with a passion Look at the Glock when it's time for some action Let the gatt hummm Lick a shot! So I let the gatt hummm Let the gatt hummm Lick a shot! So I let the gatt hummm Sunday morning Wake up it's stormin' Raindrops fallin' on my head it's pourin' Cats an' dogs Pigs in a wagon Lookin' for the Afro - one that's saggin' Scooby-Doo An' fucked down too Ploy me Don't let your punk ass try me Gonna take more Then you better call your backup team And wait for the crew I'm the one flippin' Keepin' the clip On my hip an' Just watch your back if you're slippin' Oooo Where did that .22 Come from When the bullet past through my lung I've lost my breath I'm winded I've been hit, by a slug that wasn't intended I hear thunder I wonder If a nigga like me's goin' under Take a number! Let the gatt hummm Lick a shot! So I let the gatt hummm Let the gatt hummm Lick a shot! So I let the gatt hummm Had a bad dream Woke up in a casket Now I can't even get back at the bastard Bull-shit! This pine box Ain't strong enough to contain the Afro Marx Critical bell rings Snapped out the dream What the fuck's up with the funny red beam Pointin' at me I got no strap G What now: gotta duck, they're gonna gatt me Bam, I feel numb Where did the shotgun blast come from Let the gatt hummm Lick a shot! So I let the gatt hummm Let the gatt hummm Lick a shot! So I let the gatt hummm The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Cypress Hill Album: Black Sunday Song: Cock the Hammer On a chicken-hunt, huntin' for a chicken Get paranoid when you hear my Glock clickin' Speakin' to the punk that's tweakin' With the bitch-ass styles I hit you like Deacon Jones house, cough without the bones I rolled ya up and smoked you like cones Split the seed and grow you like clones Don't start-me-up, cause I'm not the Rolling Stones But I get stoned with a little help from my friends With the (gubla), then I passed it round back to me again I can make you famous like Amos Same as the last punk, when I stuck the gatt up his anus Hear me growl: Grrra! Howl! I got the night vision just like the wise old owl I'm comin' ta fetch ya Yeah home direct ya Bury them bones Under my home and Cock the hammer! Cock the hammer, it's time for action! Cock the hammer! Cock the hammer, it's time for action! Take my weapon, step into a whole new realm And step back, as I take up the helm On the pirate ship I'm steerin' Droppin' the geran Just realize what you're hearin' The cannon sounded That's my companion: surrounded As my crew comes bounding As the captain Afro-america Whole lotta gattin' With the loc'ed out latin Busted! You're a red beard with a musket Better talk quick 'cause ya might get dusted Your gatt looks rusted, disgusted Oh look away, look away boy as I rush it Yes I know that you can't withstand it Watch that ass cause punk I'll brand it With a steel-toe, how you feel now When my boot stuck in that ass like a dildo Cry on a pillow, weeper that's willow The Hill got the skill for the static like brillo Hmmm, what you talkin' `bout punk Gimme room as I light up the boom Cock the hammer, wave the white banner Ever heard a Glock go `click' like a camera? Cock the hammer! Cock the hammer, it's time for action! Cock the hammer! Cock the hammer, it's time for action! Cock the hammer! Cock the hammer, it's time for action! Cock the hammer! Cock the hammer, it's time for action! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Cypress Hill Album: Black Sunday Song: 3 Lil Putos "Live and direct" One little two little three little putos Tried to jack me they got the boot-o Taking no shit when push comes to shove 'Cause the niggas showed me no love Step back punk 'cause I'm a Latino What I bring you is the hardcore lingo Funky, but ya don't understand Now I gotta stand with the Glock in my hand No scope And there's no hope 'Cause I'm dishin' Out my .45 slug and it ain't missin' Here it comes hissin' Here it comes hummin' at ya Now the slug is comin' at ya One little two little three hoodlums Gotta hit the ground 'cause here the slug comes What do you know, click clack goes the gun Make 'em run boy, make 'em run boy, make 'em run Cuando entro, loonie es el fuerte  Speakin' to the gente 'Cause I'm insane in the mente Movin' em back, click-click goes the gun Make 'em run boy, make 'em run boy, make 'em run It's no fun When I got to break you off some Of the psycobeta beatdown, boy you get done Serio Here we go Off for the muchacho Come if you really want some of the chingazo Me caso you don't hear this little lazo Cypress Hill, breaking you off a pedazo Humming at ya Don't make me come gatt ya Punk 'cause I still will be comin' at ya One little two little three hoodlums Gotta hit the ground 'cause here the slug comes What do you know, click clack goes the gun Make 'em run boy, make 'em run boy, make 'em run When I come in, kickin' with a vengeance Swift of the engines Coming like the three little indians Stompin' around on the ground on the plains 'Cause a nigga like me is goin' insane In the brain So I gotta maintain My direction What I mighta gained Without my protection Not a damn thing So when I come just bring That new style, break ya off like a chicken wing Buckooock!! So you can just suck my cock Like a fat blunt, stoned is the way of the walk When I'm peepin' Checkin' out the punk-ass creepin' I let the dogs loose then I let the dogs sick 'em Graaah! Nigga don't make me catch ya Punk 'cause I still will be comin' at ya One little two little three hoodlums Gotta hit the ground 'cause here the slug comes What do you know, click clack goes the gun Make 'em run boy, make 'em run boy, make 'em run The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Cypress Hill Album: Black Sunday Song: Hits From the Bong Typed by: InsaneD420@aol.com Hits From The Bong Hits From The Bong Hits From The Bong Hits From The Bong Pick it, pack it, fire it up, come aloooong and take hits from the boooong Put the blunt down just for a second Don't get me wrong it's not a new method Inhale, Exhale - just got a ounce in the mail I like a blunt or a big fat coal But my double barrel bong is gettin me stoned I'm skill it, There's water inside don't spill it It smells like shit on the carpet Still it, goes down smooth when I get a clean hit Of the skunky funky smelly green shit Sing my song, puff all night long As I take Hits from the bong... Hits From The Bong y'all Can I get a hit?  Hits From The Bong Can I get a hit?  Hits From The Bong Can I get a hit?  Hits From The Bong Let's smoke that bowl, hit the bong And then take that finger off of that hole Plug it, unplug it, don't straaaain I love you Mary Jane She never complains, when I hit Mary With that flame, I light up the cherry She's so good to me, when I pack a fresh bowl I clean the screen Don't get me stirred up the smoke, through the bub-bling water Is Makin' it pure so I got ta', take my hit and hold it Just like Chong, I hit the bowl and I reload it Get my four-footer and bring it on... As I take Hits from the bong Hits From The Bong Can I get a hit?  Hits From The Bong Can I get a hit?  Hits From The Bong Can I get a hit?  Hits From The Bong Can I get a hit?  Hits From The Bong Can I get a hit?  Straighten your dick out... Can I get a hit? ... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Cypress Hill Album: Black Sunday Song: What Go Around Come Around Come on come on (time for some action) yeah yeah (time for some action) Come on come on (time for some action) yeah yeah (time for some action) Come on come on Drunk ass fool just a punk ass gonna cause trouble yeah let me burst that bubble in a hurry I ani't happy so worry what's a judge and a punk ass jury homeboy Should I'm done to go home but ya got caught up inside the cyclone If I go home I'll get slopped and stoned When I disconnnect that fuckin neck bone WATA! Then ya get the kick to jaw kid And I rip out ya eyelids So you can see The head nigger at it killa Commin when I break on the static What go around come around, kid (go around) What go around come around (go around) What go around come around, kid (go around) What go around come around (go around) What go around come around, kid (go around) What go around come around (go around) What go around come around, kid (go around) What go around come around Shit I get real shit yo shit can ya feel it Carbon copy come steal it The gatt I conceal it Under my jacket Oh where oh where Do ya think I pack it Under my belt when the cards get dealt to all the players And though the punk ass fakers just come And ya get the high pitched humm Make ya understand where I'm from The eastside brown kid looks around Put's down tump it must fall down It's on when ya wanna take my pound punk what go around come around What go around come around, kid (go around) What go around come around (go around) What go around come around, kid (go around) What go around come around (go around) What go around come around, kid (go around) What go around come around (go around) What go around come around, kid (go around) What go around come around (time, time for some action) check me and I'll check you back (time, time for some action) check me and I'll check you back When they come with the staic cling it's not thing Make ya sing the blues like B.B. King I got the roughneck scales To give awhile Like a voodoo child Nuthin but style Take it But you can see the black glock clickin Point my gatt at the punk ass victims Step up Or you can step back though the doors You can bring it on if ya wanna come get yours But ya betta look ova ya shoulda Cuz a loss of blood gets the body much colder What go around come around, kid (go around) What go around come around (go around) What go around come around, kid (go around) What go around come around (go around) What go around come around, kid (go around) What go around come around (go around) What go around come around, kid (go around) What go around come around (time, time for some action) check me and I'll check you back (time, time for some action) check me and I'll check you back (time, time for some action) check me and I'll check you back check me and I'll check you back Artist: Cypress Hill Album: Black Sunday Song: A to the K * Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash * first appeared on the "White Men Can't Rap" soundtrack [B-Real] A to the motherfuckin K homeboy A to the motherfuckin K (to the what?) A to the motherfuckin K homeboy A to the motherfuckin K One, life had begun for the ruffneck kid who was gonna put niggaz in check EIGHTEEN, G, for the green OBSCENE, and it's for the time being I'm pickin nine, hell I'm out to get mine and pick two homies, three com-bine Next thing you know, jump in the six-fo' Get out, cock the hammer, then kick down the do' A to the motherfuckin K homeboy A to the motherfuckin K (A to the K!) A to the motherfuckin K homeboy A to the motherfuckin K (motherfuckin K?!) A to the motherfuckin K homeboy A to the motherfuckin K (A to the K!) A to the motherfuckin K homeboy A TO THE MOTHERFUCKIN K [Sen Dog] Couple niggaz from the Eastside, headed EastBOUND Lookin for a pound, to haul around town Here comes a clown, I gotta hold my ground Hear the slug comin, when it come you fall down BUCKDOWN, dead sound, that's what you found That's what you get when you fuck the BROWN DOG, Sen is comin, to the mound La Vida from Cypress, rips your compound Shit gets deep, eight niggaz on the ground What do you know? What - go ah-round come around! Six for the pig, and his punk hound Hail to the king pig, or you get CROWNED Or better yet, I'll roll you up like a fat J [B-Real] A to the motherfuckin K homeboy A to the motherfuckin K (A to the K!) A to the motherfuckin K homeboy A to the motherfuckin K (motherfuckin K?!) A to the motherfuckin K homeboy A to the motherfuckin K (A to the K!) A to the motherfuckin K homeboy A TO THE MOTHERFUCKIN K It's gonna be on.. it's gonna be on.. (It's gonna be on.. GOIN ON!) It's gonna be on.. it's gonna be on.. (It's gonna be on.. GOIN ON!) It's gonna be on.. it's gonna be on.. (It's gonna be on.. GOIN ON!) [B-Real] Gimme that WEED fool and all your loot too I got a nigga in the back and the blunt for your crew Loaded and cocked for any hardrock If you're takin my weed, I'm takin over your spot Keep your face down as I take your pound Don't let me see nobody get up, just hug the ground (STAY STILL) And don't make a sound as I get out the door, headed Eastbound But, why did the fool try to act brave? (act brave) Clip from the nine equals six to the grave A to the motherfuckin K homeboy A to the motherfuckin K (A to the K!) A to the motherfuckin K homeboy A to the motherfuckin K (motherfuckin K?!) A to the motherfuckin K homeboy A to the motherfuckin K (A to the K!) A to the motherfuckin K homeboy A TO THE MOTHERFUCKIN K The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Cypress Hill Album: Black Sunday Song: Hand on the Glock cypress hill cypress hill cypress hill Crusing through the neighborhood Some say I'm no good Claimin I'm a criminal But lets make it understood Just one man man with a whole lot of homeboys (whole lot) Ya get the click of the glock When I pull of the chrome toy Check me and I'll check you back (check you back) Then jump back to my big Buddah like I'm not a bad guy But don't take advantage I'm throwin out the garbage just show me where the can is All I was doin was searchin for the boon Then some punk tried to hit me with a broom Lucky I ducked quick Or else I'd be assed up Last thing I wanted was have to pull the gatt out here comes a nigga And he's got a .38 Well my roundhouse said hey yo I'm shootin up straight Cuz I put away the shotgun borrow me a glock Took a liitle trip to the funky weed spot tried to jack me but home got shot la-la-la-lalala-la! Understand where I'm commin from Self defense turns to the offense (right, were down, were down) Understand where I'm commin from Self defense turns to the offense (right, were down, were down) Couple niggas from the east side fuckin up ya program No one witnissed But they heard the gun blast It left the problem unsolved now I'm gonna sum up people gettin hurt in the process of the come up Gotta with the fools That'll wait for you to run up Rollin in the hood That's already shot up Pocket full of gatts And see if we can spot the Homey that's slick In the process of the dip When we find this out Gonna unload the clip! And take a little trip down to Rio My neighboorhood's hot and so I gots to go chill Cuz I put away the shotgun borrow me a glock Took a liitle trip to the funky weed spot tried to jack me but home got shot la-la-la-lalala-la! Understand where I'm commin from Self defense turns to the offense (right, were down, were down) Understand where I'm commin from Self defense turns to the offense (right, were down, were down) Kickin' that funky Cypress Hill shit Think I'll load a clip Lets see if you can deal with Cuz the bulletproof vest ain't shit When the infrared's pointin at your head kid And that's just to bad yo Now I'm headed up a river in a boat with no paddle Shoulda put the glock down (glock down) Now they got me in lock down livin' like a nigga whose done lost his mind Cuz self defense turns to the offense But nobody even really knows that (knows that) All they see is me and the gatt Up in the court room Lookin at the jury Starin down the punk ass district attourney la-la-la-la-lala-la! Verdict's in You're not guilty as charged When I put away my shotgun borrow me a glock Took a liitle trip to the funky weed spot tried to jack me but home got shot la-la-la-lalala-la! Understand where I'm commin from Self defense turns to the offense (right, were down, were down) Understand where I'm commin from Self defense turns to the offense (right, were down, were down) (cypress hill...) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Cypress Hill Album: Black Sunday Song: Break Em' Off Some This one goes out to all you punk motherfuckers out there Yeah, eat a bowl of dick'up fools! Do ya wanna get crazy? Commin atcha in 93'! Through the car swings The fireing pins go click when I duck behind the trash bin Ran out of ammo no doubt my gatt is dry like a fuckin drought got to make my way home hit the gate and get my chrome god damn this song they got me cornered lemme just warn ya I'll pull this trigga make your family mourn'ya Boo-hoo! where ya gonna run to when I pull out the scooby do run let me break ya off some hit the floor cuz it aint no fun but here they come they must wanna get done No frontin' punk I'll break ya off somethin! 1 2 3 that coppa goes down! (break'em off some) what the fuck I'm rollin in a mack truck that's stolin guess what I'm holdin ammmo to bust my load still I'm easin on down The yellow brick road Whatta ya know? A pig in a plain brown wrapper He wanna bring me down I'll hit that corna Lemme just warn ya I'll bring ya ass down make ya family mourn ya 21 gun saloot trying to take my loot don't make me shoot I'll hit my blunt and pass you a load And punk let me break ya of something (break em' off some) I got to roll with the self control In the green tank when the shit unfolds hold up I got it sewn up me and my niggas Are about to blow up Got the pigs on my tail What they get is the hollow point shell Caught in the sail Servin my sentence Got my apprentice In the hood But the nigga is senseless Out on parol Now the nigga has turned to my fold Now the punk gotta go That punk got shady Woudn't repay me Let the punk know that ya still can't fade me Maybe the fucker would stop But nuthin would stop me from havin to break'em off something On to the next spot kid (break'em off some) We ain't havin it yall Ya know what I'm talkin bout I'm about to break your ass of some'n! Commin from a whamm-o (break'em off some...) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Cypress Hill Album: III - Temples of Boom Song: Spark Another Owl Once again the powers of the herb open up the mind, Seek deep inside, tell me what you find, Come on... [B-Real]: Who be the ones steppin' in the room, Everybody welcome to the temple of boom, Back, let me see ya fat indo sack, And get weeded, somebody, everybody need it, Mari-Juana, Mari-Juana, do ya wanna, Give me love when I put the flame on ya, Homie I'm the one with the shotgun,in the closet,  Next to the fat bags full of chronic, Puto, don't ya be steppin', with ya hands open, Askin' me "can I get a hit of what t'cha smokein'", I aint got no kind of love for a brother, Who comes to the party, with no bud, I be smokein' this, indo-blazin', funk buddah, Everybody, wanted it, now they talk about the hooter, Up until the summer of '91, Wasn't no mutha fuckas talkin' 'bout smokein' blunts, From the west coast to the east coast, Everybody be braggin',  But , I'm the one who be puffin' most, First it started with the nickel, then the dime, Then the Twenty, spendin' up all my money, Now, I roll with the nelco(?), With the pound in the pad smokein' up the indo, Just take a deep breath (Ahh),  Hit it then pass it to the left, You can keep the mutha fuckin' stress, Smoke it up, just puff it up, (O yea), Light it up, then put your spliff up in the air, Do you wanna spark another owl? Do you wanna spark another owl? Everybody spark another owl. Everybody spark another owl. I wanna spark another owl. I wanna spark another owl. Do you wanna spark another owl? Do you wanna spark another owl? (Sen Dog)Yea, stroll the ways of the buddah mastas, brings me to the  temple of boom, I see people everywhere startin' to understand the  point, when I'm talking about the joint, talkin' 'bout that marijuana,  talkin' 'bout the sense, talkin' 'bout the kind mota boca loa-loa  maui,maui, lugers of work- ready, mexican greenba, cheeba, cheeba y'all, yeska, humble pound weed, the crypt, the choclate tide, the afgani, the  meefrakan, the indo, the skonka, the bad breath sense (cough).  Hello everyone, I'm Kurt Loaded, we're here t hemp TV, with  Cypress Hill in Amsterdam we're listening to there new album, I'm  stoned, I'm outta here, Goodbye folks. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Cypress Hill Album: III - Temples of Boom Song: Throw Your Set in the Air Typed by: nemesi_@libero.it [B-Real] Every nigga out there wanna be down with the crew Some ain't got enough heart let me ask you this Would ya be down like a soldier Loyal, and do everything I told ya I can mold ya into a warrior Down for your neighborhood Workin up to a G with the flava Criminal behavior, on the mind When I got ya back ya know I got ya back each and every time Throw ya set in the air (c'mon) Wave it around like ya just don't care Throw ya set in the air (throw it up homes!) Wave it around like ya just don't care [B-Real] It's time to exit that busta nigga Get ya hands out ya pockets and your finga on the trigga Let one fly, we don't die, we multiply Throw yo set up in the sky I ask you ?? cause you can't fuck wit this Nigga when I got the Glock ya betta duck quick Cause I ain't havin it If ya got ya gat ya betta start grabbin it I can handle it Soy numero uno, mero mero You know I run wit Muggs and the perro Firin up that heater  When I'm throwin up a set I got my nina millemeter Los scandalous, killafornia, where I'm from Dum ditty dum ditty ditty dum dum I'm buckin on ya ass now ya know where I'm from Dum ditty dum ditty ditty dum dum  Throw ya set in the air (c'mon) Wave it around like ya just don't care Throw ya set in the air (throw it up!) Wave it around like ya just don't care Throw ya set in the air (throw your hood up!) Wave it around like ya just don't care (got c'mon on!) Throw ya set in the air (give it up!) Wave it around like ya just don't care Nigga throw your set in the air, nigga you know I'm sayin' If you're scared nigga take your muthafuckin' punk ass to church Cause this one from a nigga on the east side Every muthafuckin' day is a job nigga Gotta handle your business, niggas you get don't You muthafuckin' cap on get peel back And it ain't no bullshit If you wanna test a nigga, bring it on nigga, you know I'm sayin'? Fuck your muthafuckin' set up in the air [B-Real] Let me take ya to the dark side of the moon Tell mama that ya won't be comin home anytime soon Cause I got ya under my thumb Nigga what set ya claimin Betta be the same set I'm claimin Take a look around count this amount of soldiers When I'm chillin on the east side of town And it won't stop till I'm done Dum ditty dum ditty ditty dum dum Throw ya set in the air (c'mon) Wave it around like ya just don't care Throw ya set in the air (throw it up!) Wave it around like ya just don't care Throw ya set in the air (throw your hood up!) Wave it around like ya just don't care Throw ya set in the air (give it up!) Wave it around like ya just don't care [Sen Dog] Yeah, that's right Straight givin' up the 'hood long day fool! Cypress Hill muthafucka watcha wanna do? Hell no Givin' my shit to be in your face fool! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Cypress Hill Album: III - Temples of Boom Song: Stoned Raiders [B-Real]: 1 for trouble, 8 for the road, 7 to get ready when I'm lettin' off all my load, Funk, Buddha monk, in the trunk, I got'cha, thumpin' so hard, Up and down the blvd., I'm a natrual-born cap-peela', strapped illa, I'm the west coast settin' it on, no one's reala', Get'cha fix of the uncut funk, A small dose of the skunk weed, like it's suppose to be, Move it up, just move it on out, What'cha talkin'bout son,  I got the first shot, and it's all over now, One nation under a groove, Smoke a pound for the strict of it, Everytime I make a move, Smooth and togetha,  Raw like leatha, Ain't goin' out like a punk, neva, Check it out, 1,2, Cypress groove Check it out, 1,2, Cypress groove [B-Real]: It's the numba one money maker, Money takea, few steps back I'm on a plane to Jamaica,(Am I)  Puffin' a fat wada, talk shit, For the fool I'm thinkin' about, I got the ruff shit, Hard rock bone breaka,  Stoned Raider, in the Temple of Boom, Assurt to assume, Never be lettin' shit slide, no way, Bitch niggas can hide,  But, I'll find they ass some day, Check it out, 1,2, Cypress groove Wherever you are, put'cha muthafuckin' spliff in the air, Some dogs, like you gotta pair, When I kick to the metro, Lone clip, be lookin' around, Cause this shit ain't over with yet, People can't understand my situation, Now they cought up in the Soul Assasination, Fool, just take cover, it's all over,  When I break ya off a chunk of this muthafucka, Check it out, 1,2, Cypress groove Check it out, 1,2, Cypress groove Check it out, 1,2, Cypress groove The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Cypress Hill Album: III - Temple of Boom Song: Illusions Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [B-Real] Some people tell me that I need help Some people can fuck off and go to hell God damn, why they criticize me Now shit is on the rise so my family despise me Fuck 'em! And feed 'em, cause I don't need 'em I won't join 'em if I can beat 'em They don't understand my logic To my gat to my money and I'm hooked on chronic I never wanted to hurt a nigga Unless ya come flexin that trigga, I dig ya That grave on the east side of towwwwn Lay ya six feet undergrounnnnd From man, to the dust to the ashes All I remember tell me where the cash is Clicl-clack, barrel at my dome Give all your loot or you ain't goin home But I ain't goin out with a bang Wa da da dang, wa dada daa dang I'm havin illusions, all this confusion's drivin me mad inside I'm havin illusions, all this confusion's fuckin me up in my mind I'm havin illusions, all this confusion's drivin me mad inside I'm havin illusions, all this confusion's fuckin me up in my mind [B-Real] Motherfuckers be drivin me up the walls Hopin that I fall but they can lick my balls Straight jacket, strap it  In a padded room when some punk niggaz can't hack it Distracted from all reality Now I'm let out on a minor technicality (ahhh) They all fucked up now  Cause they let a nigga back on the streets somehow I'm lookin for someone like me Livin in my own world to my own degree On the loose in the city lookin at the ho wit the big titties Lookin at me and I feel shitty A little tensed up gettin hot Cause she looks like my girl who just smoked at the crack spot I'm tryin to find ways to cope But I ain't fuckin round with the gauge or a rope [B-Real] I'm havin illusions.. I'm havin illusions.. I'm havin illusions.. I'm havin illusions.. I'm havin illusions.. I'm havin illusions.. I'm havin illusions.. I'm havin illusions.. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Cypress Hill f/ RZA, U-God Album: III - Temples of Boom Song: Killa Hill Niggas Typed by: OHHLA.com [Capitan Pingaloca] "Esto no me gusta. Aqui la gente, la gente no sirve pa' mierda.  Aqui yo soy, yo soy Capitan Pingaloca. Y to' mundo aqui,   me sirve a mi o va pa'l carajo. Oye... revolucion compadre!" [B-Real] In the midst of the madness no question, who's the baddest MC's in the game runnin for the status Take a few seconds to review the crews Sittin on top is the Hill lookin over you Killa Hill Niggas, cream in my dream Cookin up a scheme for all them big bank figures The world is yours, but it can be mine and his Bust you out the frame, I don't give a fuck who it is Number one mission, opposition Get thrown sent home in dead position In the casket, best wishes At the bottom of the lake, sleepin with the fishes Full out search for the body of the MC's who be comin to disrupt the party No wins, no ends, no way that I'm ever gonna let ya come back again! [RZA] Check my dramatics, brains get splattered, dreams shattered Sabas get blasted for words he packaged Peep the sequence; crab adolescents, on his defense Power-U niggaz talkin fast like Puerto Ricans What you seekin, son I catch cream like Dominicans Last Mohican, lyrics I'm speakin, wild as Indians Tomahawk - Shaolin slang, the violent talk Upstate New York, where chumps get extorted for Newports What you thought? [B-Real] Ease back, ease back or I squeeze up on the trigger - that I'm ever gonna let ya come back again .. that that that I'm ever gonna let ya come back again Ease back, ease back or I squeeze up on the trigger - that I'm ever gonna let ya come back again Ease back, ease back Ease back, ease back or I squeeze up on the trigger - that I'm ever gonna let ya come back again [Capitan Pingaloca] "Y ya esta dicho. Todos los que no les guste mi 'rebote' van a morir  Yo le voy a meter una bala a la cabeza a cualquier maricon,   que no me persiga a mi a la 'singadapuerta'. Oye, hijo puta!   Quiero quemarte la cara!" [U-God] Words drop in chant, the cheeky-eyed slant I'm takin these cannabis plants yo for grant' Exotic, narcotic, tunes slam soon From a dune in the desert Mega-Babylon pleasure Comin out the domepiece, smell my aroma Warrior nomad, put you in a coma Comma, llama, smash-crashin your armor Drama, I'm a, stealth aircraft bomber Here is where I dwell at the gates o' hell It ain't where you're from it's where you're in the mentals And if not yo, credentials are essential I see reality, few things surroundin me Three like a spread, precise strikes the lyric Not frontin or braggin, hundred percent red dragon Pine fragranced lyrics, the rhymes you can't imagine The globe-trotter, call me Meadowlark Lemon Five part criminal, two part felon [B-Real] - that I'm ever gonna let ya come back again .. that that that I'm ever gonna let ya come back again Ease back or I squeeze up on the trigger - that that I'm ever gonna let ya come back again Ease back, ease back or I squeeze up on the trigger - that I'm ever gonna let ya come back again Ease back.. ease back.. Ease back, ease back or I squeeze up on the trigger - that I'm ever gonna let ya come back again Ease back or I squeeze up on the trigger.. [Capitan Pingaloca] "Esta dicho! Aqui, la revelacion! No se la ve por television.   Todos los maricones del norte, que los voy a matar yo.   Va a ser aqui en nuestro pais. Y todos los 'singamasones',   que estan singando un mundo. Tambien, van a ver la muerte  de ellos mismos, lo en las manos de ellos. Un dia, va a ser sangre,   mucha sangre. La peste de los cuerpos muertos, vas a oir,   que se va a hueler. Hasta los Estados Unidos, estos cabrones,   que con la democracia, que nos 'tan singando en el culo.   Todos son unos mismos cabrones..." The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Cypress Hill Album: III - Temples of Boom Song: Boom Biddy Bye Bye Boom biddy bye bye Boom biddy bye bye Step back as I'm kicking up dust For a while  As I put mothafuckas to rest And pull their files Out from the cabinet With the picture  Get the 45 and settle it With this punk nigger Slow your roll As I take control Take your toke from the Indo'  Then hit and hold Now let it out How you feel when the herb  Got you by the balls  And you're coughing up a lung anyhow You can't shake That nigger that's gonna brake Fool On any one member of your bitch crew As I pull the trigger On my nine Say goodnight nigger Boom biddy bye bye Boom biddy bye bye Put your ass on the floor an' don't ask why Boom biddy bye bye I put my Glock to your dome and you started to cry Boom biddy bye bye Any last prayers before you die Boom biddy bye bye Rock-a-bye nigga boom biddy bye bye You ain't never caught a rabbit So you ain't no friend of mine It's a habit Barkin' up your tree with my nine Keep your bitch on a leash or at home A nick knack Paddywack Give the dog a bone The raw dog Fuck a law dog Still handin' out beat-downs wit' my sawed-off 'Cause a every now and then I got to knuckle up  Buckle up Chin checking It's on I reckon It's the wild wild west Get your 40 and your blunt and your Glock and your bulletproof vest Let me guess Everybody wanna test Everybody burning up, gonna get burned like Ses Laudy daudy We're fucking everybody Boom biddy bye Sing the lullaby In the party Boom biddy bye bye Put your ass on the floor an' don't ask why Boom biddy bye bye I put my Glock to your dome and you started to cry Boom biddy bye bye Any last prayers before you die Boom biddy bye bye Rock-a-bye nigga boom biddy bye bye Yes yes ya'll To the beat ya'll Watch a punk slipin' see the pouta fall I'm buck-loody Looking for the nigga who wanna cut me 'Cause the nigger gets so funky Fool I'm the one  From The big bad Cypress Hill clique, a Number one son of the funk freaka Yes yes ya'll I'll be the one with the mad Buddha blast ya'll Comin' from the west ya'll But I figure You'd cry like a bitch  Don't twitch 'Cause I just might pull the trigga Now lay down Stay down Don't move a muscle if you see your homeboy's brains on the ground Don't fuck don't say nothin'  You fuck around and I might get ragamuffin Boom biddy bye bye Line up on the floor now you' all gonna die Boom biddy bye bye Put your ass on the floor an' don't ask why Boom biddy bye bye I put the Glock to your dome and you started to cry Boom biddy bye bye Any last prayers before you die Boom biddy bye bye Rock-a-bye nigga boom biddy bye bye Boom biddy bye bye Put your ass on the floor an' don't ask why Boom biddy bye bye I put the Glock to your dome and you started to cry Boom biddy bye bye Any last prayers before you die Boom biddy bye bye Rock-a-bye nigga boom biddy bye bye Boom biddy bye bye It's time to die Boom biddy bye bye Time to say good-bye Boom biddy bye bye Now it's time to die Boom biddy bye bye Now it's time to die The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Cypress Hill Album: III - Temples of Boom Song: No Rest For the Wicked ...yo Muggs, make it rough. So many fools swingin' from my sack, Let's talk about the one who had my back! Down in the west coast, so lemme kick it To the motherfucker who calls himself wicked! No rest, no peace! No sleep, Doughboy rolling down the hill 'cause it's so steep! Jackson... lemme figure out the name, Jack 'cause you be stealing other niggaz game! But I'm the wrong nigga you wanna fuck with On my dick so hard, now ya wanna suck it! Go on the head, gobble up the nuts, Get your lips ready & tear this motherfucker up! Talk about Ezy, correct yourself. Cube, better step back & check yourself! Hmmm... let's talk about this First solo album on the east coast dick! The east coast niggaz all showed ya love, Especially the one known as King Sun! He tried to warn us niggaz aboutcha But nobody would listen, even started dissin' Two albums later, you callin' my crew, All because ya wannabe Cypress Cube! Shoulda known you couldn't hang in the alley, Good boy went to school out in the valley. Fuck it, lemme make this understood, Speakin' on mama's little Boy N Da Hood! No Vaseline, Just a rope & a chair & gasoline! Lench Mob is a friend of mine, But you talk about them niggaz from behind. You know what the Hossack(sp) is, O'Shea? A motherfucking pig that don't fly straight! Where ya gonna run to? Where ya gonna hide? Taadow! Look at who's running outside! Natural Born Bullshitta! Lemme hitcha With a dose of reality when I get witcha! Your homie...???????????????????? Put a pipe on the cover, even though you don't smoke Buddha! Let me take you down under on a plane Where everybody was going insane! Took a look at the Real one, AFRO COMB! Next morning you didn't have yours on. How many ways will you bite my shit? Wouldja wet me or start throwing up a set? Caution, when you enter the zone, Never used to bang 'til you heard the microphone! I got Cube melting in a Tray, Pulling up his card & fucking up his good day! Unoriginal rap veteran... The nigga who say he don't steal from his friends! Don't trust that nigga named O'Shea, FUCK'IM, and send him on his way. Happy singalongs! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Cypress Hill Album: III - Temples of Boom Song: Make a Move Ezekial 25:17 "The path of the righteous man is beset on all sides by the inequities of the selfish and the tyranny of evil men. Blessed is he, who in the name of charity and good will, shepherds the weak through the valley of darkness, for he is truly his brother's keeper and the finder of lost children. And I will strike down upon thee with great vengeance and furious anger, those who attempt to poison and destroy my brothers. AND YOU WILL KNOW MY NAME IS THE LORD, WHEN I LAY MY VENGEANCE UPON THEE!" [Shots fired] Smokin' MC's like a bowl of Buddha Burnin' in my bong NOW You don't want to step to the rhythm of the funk degrees You'll be a prisoner in the temple of thieves Move it out, just move it on out, no doubt We the number one crew Kickin' more gas niggas out the house Puttin' up an argument, just don't bother `Cause I'll whoop that ass just like I'm your father Take heed to the master's call yes y'all (Bring your cell-phone cause I fade them all) Bullets fly But they don't give a fuck about who dies When you're in the middle of the fuckin' No question, confrontation Nowhere to run from the assassination Let the rain come down Whoops there goes another body on the ground Watch out for G hound It's the undisputed Cypress family Kickin' up dust can you handle us fragilly Growin' inside your mind like a tumour Spreading in your head like a rumor Venomous! I'm from the underground, I take care of business What the fuck is this? Move `em out! Move `em on out! Move `em out! Move `em out! Move `em on out! Move `em out! Move `em out! Move `em on out! Move `em out! Move `em out! Move `em on out! Move `em out! Suckas come in all shapes sizes and colors  Let me get the rope And hang `em `till their fuckin' necks broke Wind passage cut off, now you can't breathe Let me give you what you need A fat dose of the good weed Like a puppet on a string I'm the one controlling your ass With the rough shit here to bring My army grows like the buddha I sold ya Every seed planted is another fuckin' soldier Like the `coup d'etate' Now ya are in the middle of the ambush Stuck in your car They can't find ya At the bottom of the lake Let me remind ya You better be lookin' behind ya It's too late, ain't no one standin' here Hallucination, bees hummin' in your ear Paranoia, dwelling to your dome piece Increase, the level of the terror that move ceased Move `em out! Move `em on out! Move `em out! Move `em out! Move `em on out! Move `em out! Move `em out! Move `em on out! Move `em out! Move `em out! Move `em on out! Move `em out! Make a move, make a move, every posse make a move Make a move, make a move, every posse make a move Make a move, make a move, every posse make a move Make a move, make a move, every posse make a move Come on Open up the doors for the high funk buddha With the light point the dick can die Rolling with the six shooter Thirty-eight Still shootin' real straight Lookin' for the buster that I must eliminate No surprise As the inches demise Let the four flow As I look him right in the eyes And rip these niggas in half With the (fabergraph) They can't find a path I like the aftermath Still I reign the sect we remain The big bad Cypress Hill, fuckin' niggas up again When I aim I'm scopin' for your brain Brother stay low, cross-hairs break you up the frame Move `em out! Move `em on out! Move `em out! Move `em out! Move `em on out! Move `em out! Move `em out! Move `em on out! Move `em out! Move `em out! Move `em on out! Move `em out! Move `em out! Move `em on out! Move `em out! Move `em out! Move `em on out! Move `em out! Move `em out! Move `em on out! Move `em out! Move `em out! Move `em on out! Move `em out! "Ahh, now that the mind is open so one can clearly see what they clearly don't want you to see. But it's obvious, isn't it my brother? Get the smoke from in the front of your eyes, got to realize, anybody don't like The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Cypress Hill Album: Cypress Hill III (Temples of Boom) Song: Killafornia Typed by: Stiler@aol.com [B-Real] Living in the city of the Scandalous Shisty motherfuckers, can't even trust my own brothers So who can I choose to trust, me, that's who Niggas want a piece of the pie, fuck off and die! Jealous, envious fools want to rush this Loco, trooping ass nigga with the cash, shit Motherfuckers just get your own, and leave mine alone Forty-five places to get done Send out your invitation To the party of your elimination I got peeps that play for keeps, (Hardball) Now I'm laying your ass down to sleep But every hustler wants to be bawling But I got the balls for the shot calling I pull strings, the Don King, only in America Then I hustle, and flex my muscle [Hustlers] --Yeah, man, I've been out here   running game for eight years --I know I'm getting tired of standing  on this corner --Nigga, I want a fat pad, and fly ass pool  Finest motherfucking bitches, jewels   and all that shit, if I got to take it  from a nigga --Shit, let him run for me then --I can work for myself, don't have to   work for nobody, I'll be my own hustler [B-real] Where can I roam to get my hustle on Killafornia, stacking the chips, got the full clips Loaded and cocked, I'm used to running with the Glock Nina Millimeter, lighting up the fucking block Now, who you gonna trust?, who can you trust? I don't know, but if you coming on my corner I think I'm gonna bust You can't handle us, devious, dangerous Criminal mentality, insanity I move weight, from state to state All the niggas moving weights, can you relate? [Hustlers] --Damn, what's up, I see you   pushing that big time weight --I told you, I wasn't bullshitting --You coming up, aight!  --When I seen you three or four  months ago I told you --Got respect for a man now --Handle your shit! [B-Real] Where can I choose to get my hustle on? In the alleyway, lighting up all night long Fuck working at McD's, I'm rolling with the O.Z's  In the QP's, puffing on trees Who can I trust?, who can you trust? Not that shady motherfucker in the city Los Scandalous [Hustlers] --Well, well, little man came up a little bit --It feels good having money in the pocket --Fuck that nine to five bullshit, right? --Yeah, kick that shit to the curb --But you got to look out for the scandalous motherfuckers  Cuz niggas is tricky than a motherfucker --Yeah, but motherfuckers got to look out for us too  You know what I'm saying  I'm just as shisty as a nigga --Shit, set me up and niggas are gonna die --You get set up back, cuz we ain't having that bullshit --I got your back, you got mine, that goes without saying --Twenty-seven and mo' baby, twenty-seven and mo' --Let's get the fuck out of here" The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Cypress Hill Album: III - Temples of Boom Song: Funk Freakers Verse One: B-Real Let me introduce my self I'm the one who rules the set So don't you forget Bad for ya health but ya still be tryin' ta push buttons But you ain't nothin', no frontin I bring the level up a little louder In the clubs, an' the jeeps an' the after hours Fools on the street wanna feel the funk Lookin for the 'skunk' that's what'cha want Ya betta, sit back and let the track flow Like smoke in ya lungs from puffin' on the indo Rythems upside'cha brain, can ya hang, can maintain Can ya feel the funk flowin' in ya veins Get'cha fix and ya bag of tricks In tha mix I got the stix and stones a few bricks I'm gonna hit 'em high He's gonna hit 'em low Open up ya mind so that'chu can feel the flow On, an' on till there all gone Fools be runnin' but they won't last long Chorus: I'm the freaka (8X) Verse Two: B-Real People always wanna get what you got, no matta what Can't take care of themselves in the big hunt In the quest for the crown An' the jewels, and the cheese Motherfucker please Enemies wanna plot against me with envy in they hearts But, I rip their sorry ass apart In a minute, I can take ya to the limit Temprature risen, nasal highzen Verse Three: Sen Dog Comin' back in with the lows, for the fows Fuckin' up egos, an' anybody, oppose The numba one skunk freaka, the Cypress Hill cliqua Blowin' a hole in tha speaker You don't wanna dis the Perro, the Real One, or the Werro Slangin' rythems through the ghetto Ya best keep ya ass in cheak Come on little mutha fuckas betta show respect An whats next, the big brown takin' ya down How ya feel (how ya feel punk) When your sorry ass can't hang with the Hill Chorus: 1/2 Outro: B-Real Can ya feel the effects of the chocolate tide Nobody even knows how I kick the flow Slow down, cause ya commin' up too fast Ya might get smacked down cause ya got no class [Fades out] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Cypress Hill Album: III - Temples of Boom Song: Locotes Typed by: OHHLA.com "Ese look at these two motherfuckers right here homes" "So what you thinkin homes?" "?? it turns around homes (watch out!)" "Right, I got your back homes, cool" "C'mon Ese let's go" "Let's do this" [B-Real & Sen Dog] You don't want to turn your back on me When you least expect it, I come with a wicked method I'm creepin on ya Think bout your homeboys bleeding on ya It's the the locote coming out the bote I got a new jale jacking in the noche Give me your feria In your pocket or they'll carry ya Off and bury ya in the Eastside area 4 and 3 and 2 and 1 The thievery don't stop 'til I get done Sometimes I don't even need my GAT But shit's getting deep and I gotta Blast back to thievery 1 robbery 1 robbery Cuz jacking is my hobby Give me that money, jewelry and your keys To the five-o outside on deez Later, out with the 85 mustang One-time got me on the radar Trucha! And you don't stop 'til I'm done Now the puercos got me on the run [B-Real & Sen Dog] You don't want to turn your back on me When you least expect it, I got your keys in my possession with my Smith & Wesson Taking out all my agression Check it out - you're looking at the jefe of that cliqua with the big bad trece I teach you a lesson, no question Get your ass out now you're passing out When you look at the cuete 4 and 3 and 2 and 1 The robery don't stop 'til I get done Some niggas do this shit for fun Now the puercos got me on the run From barrio to barrio Looking for anybody, Oh Cesario Hanging out with Mario Looking for a place to hide on the Westside Spank got my back over there right And it don't stop 'til I'm done Now the one-time got me on the run [B-Real & Sen Dog] One-time's not down with us Now they're lookin for my ride, but I'm on the bus Don't turn your back on a vato like me Cause I'm one broke motherfucka in need Desperate! What's going on in the mente Taking from the rich and not from my gente Look at that gabacho sipping borracho from the cerveza He's sipping, no me vale, madre Gabacho pray to your padre This is for the time you would give me the jale 4 and 3 and 2 and 1 This ol motherfucker, got him a gun Bla-on!I took one to the kneecap Things happened so fast now I dropped my strap Now I'm about to meet my maker I thought I had it all, figured it out for the paper No longer will I be runnin Last thing I heard was the fuckin GAT hummin The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Cypress Hill Album: Cypress Hill III (Temples of Boom) Song:  Red Light Visions Typed by: Stiler@aol.com [Sen Dog] "(Inhales) Break that shit off nigga"  [B-Real] Look at all the M.C.'s trying to get down But all you get is a peeled back, dome cap I'm not the one to be having that shit All these punk niggas better bow down and submit Niggas don't know how to "keep it real" Only if you niggas know the real deal Fuck all the bullshit, Cypress Hill Comes raining on your brain Bringing the blood stains Smeared on the sidewalk, one mark dome of the prejudice skull, hanging in my home "Straight to you dome sucker  So what you wanna do fool" [B-Real] The Big Game hunter, fucking shit up Get your ass back down, the Hill's on the cut Who'll get in the circle, let's see if you're raw Hardcore, last vato might hit the fucking floor Glocks and ?, in them one clip For any buster who wanna flip Back ese ?, shining in your eye Soul of an Assassin, until I die (Por vida ese!) Red light visions in your dome piece Nightmares running through your head, won't cease Look at you now, broke down and done No competition can ever get none "Straight flip-flop, nigga, flip-flop  on your punk ass until you drop   (Cypress Hill, coming at your grill)  You're nothing but a motherfucking time clock  Cypress motherfucking Hill  (Fuck how you feel)  It ain't but another piece to the puzzle fool!" The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Cypress Hill Album: III - Temples of Boom Song: Strictly Hip-Hop [B-Real]: I neva rapped on an R&B record, and I neva will, I got these phoney muthafuckas, talk about lets keep it real, But, they don't know how to take they own advisement, Going out, do it solo on an advertisement, comecializing Fuckin' sell out, nigga, this is hip-hop, not fasion, Get the hell out, I'm taking out these so called gangsta niggas, Takin' pictures, modeling clothes for small figures, And I neva took another fuckin' MC's shit, And made it my first single, fuck a hit, Fuckin' hypocrite, you can get the dip, when I lick a shot off, I'm gonna, and all of it, It's a damn shame when you got all these fools in the record indistry, Sellin' out for the fame, I just sit back and watch thes fools with their gimmiks, Go down in flames , in the big game, [B-Real: Zippidey-dooda, I smoke weed and I got brain damage, But, I don't give a fuck cause I still manage, To represent to the fullest, No pop singles, and no actin' foolish, To the studio gangsta with the articals, In them magizines with the bitch editors, Keep it real in the game, Niggas got no shame, Now all the executives want all the fame, Based on the videos, just a gang of silly hoes, For the fuck-em indistry that's take'n all ya dough, I neva stole it, stole it all, Just hard work, and sweat, for them platinum records on the wall, Fools want me to fall, I won't cause my roots are to thick and strong, like the chocolate tastic, I hear niggas say no, but, I know they front, Cause afta they shows they want me to smoke a blunt, I don't respect a hypocrite, muthafuckas I despise, Cause me I tell the truth, even when I tell a lie, All you bruthas in the game run a check, Cause you get checked fucked off, with no respect, Muthafuckas The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Cypress Hill Album: III - Temples of Boom Song: Let it Rain Fuck all y'all I'm comin' of the wall I got a nigga from The Source Swingin' from my balls Ughh! Ya want me to set it Well my MAC-11 takes unleaded Let it rain And jackin' out fire What you're seein' when I'm takin' shit another level higher Now it's on Ain't gettin' domed Buckin' all these niggas 'till they all gone Now we can roll to the east side of town And I'm lookin' for a fat boy and a lotta (state of clown) You better move your ass to this MAC-11 Pointed at your ass for the 1-8-7 "Yeah motherfucker, gonna break your back with this shit. Hey motherfuckas: move back! Yo, B-Real.." I'm the head-hunter You goin' under Make a trophy Call it the two-headed buster On my mantle Back in the temple Givin' up the family Up and down Central Butt bloody Anybody Lookin' for a wide body One body Somebody Some be testin' Keepin' 'em guessin' Smile on my face Got the Smith & Wesson Some be testin' Keepin' 'em guessin' Smile on my face Got the Smith & Wesson Some be testin' Keepin' 'em guessin' Smile on my face Got the Smith & Wesson Some be testin' Keepin' 'em guessin' Smile on my face Got the Smith & Wesson I ain't fallin' off like Humpty-Dumpty Nigga you still wanna bump me Still got the hand on pump And now I'm thumpin' on 'em Thumpin on 'em See Somebody, anybody scream When I got the gatt with the big red beam Now what if I moved it up right between your eyes Now your chances are never When you're lookin' at the slug at the of the barrel Where ya gonna run when ya can't move further Seven eighty one redruM with the Murder Tie him up Throw him in the trunk Let the funk Blow his earsdrums out 'Till he's bleedin' Then let's get him weeded It's the phunk Buddha Let me do the Ceremony up with the hoota And the shooter Some be testin' Keepin' 'em guessin' Smile on my face Got the Smith & Wesson Some be testin' Keepin' 'em guessin' Smile on my face Got the Smith & Wesson Some be testin' Keepin' 'em guessin' Smile on my face Got the Smith & Wesson Some be testin' Keepin' 'em guessin' Smile on my face Got the Smith & Wesson The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Cypress Hill Album: III (Temples of Boom) Song: Everybody Must Get Stoned Typed by: don_vaskez@freemail.hu This sure is I got that-a old crazy shit from round the corner you know The homeboys and the brothers be slangin' this shit But anyway, (everybody must get stoned (x4)) You over there singin' some shit, talkin' 'bout Everybody must get stoned I don't know but that shit sounds good to me [Verse 1] Hit the joint, up the bomb, take a puff Till you just can't get enough of the skunk A punk nigga named Doe wanna take control But the primasso puff on the indo (keep puffin') Let me take it in then I let it out (let it out) One of you motherfuckers pass the barred owl Peace to the niggaz in all the Budha spots Slangin' fat bags o' weed and runnin from the cops (runnin' from them fools) I hit the leno then pass it on To the cypha' of dreadlocks gettin' stoned (All the dreadlocks lya') Roll a fat joint, twist it at the end 'Cos I get high with a little help from my friends (from my friends) [Hook] Everybody must get stoned I said everybody must get stoned (Everybody must get stoned)*variations*      (x4) [Verse 2] Hit the blunt of the bong, take your dope Now my head's in a cloud of smoke and no joke Caught the up-tight motherfuckers puttin' me down 'Cos I talk about the green shit in every town (Everywhere I go) You right in front of me, I can't see ya I'm blind and faded and I got the G-rock And everything's gonna be alright When I pass that toochi from the left-hand side Niggaz is havin' a good time tonight Roll it up, hold it up, pass me the fucking light (Gimme that lighter) Indo or the home-grown Light it up, everybody must get stoned (gotta get stoned) [Hook - different variations] You know how we talk the talk We say, stoned is the way of the walk (x4) [Hook till fade] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Cypress Hill Album: III (Temples of Boom) (European Bonus Track) Song: Smuggler's Blues Typed by: cheg71@hotmail.com * * send corrections to the typist [B-Real] I got the sawed off shotgun hand on the pump with the fucking red bastard snitching like a punk I had the operation tight the flaws faded doors there's no growin room on the basement floor I'm holding weight every 30 days business pays so many ways many methods of moving my white haze I got the cellophane, get this money tonite I got the shipment goin out got to be air tight so when you fuck around no time for me to fuck around I got the ballin niggaz waitin on me at the compound so get the trucks ready, and let's hit the back roads to scam this motherfuckin' ass border patrol I got my cousin Huey paid for lookin away back on the 405 on the way to LA *talking* I'm multiplying in my head just how much stash it's gonna take for me to double and triple up all my cash I hit the city limits, time for me to check myself cause I don't wanna sit inside no fuckin cell slope the rolls down, hold down, I see the gate so I'm pulling up, and I hope these fools ain't late or I'm outta here, wait, no, I see them in the rear with 3 or 4 fools holding 2's in the real I got the double barrel shit, hidden under my coat for any crazy eyed motherfucker rockin the boat I got the big boss hoss, just sippin the sauce you got the shit? you got the money? then break the shit off (sang reggae style) check out the herb man smugglin' bright and early in the mornin' this is for the herb man smugglin' I know the DEA is waitin' take out the herb man smugglin' It's my ass that I'm risking this is for the herb man sumgglin' I know it's your daily livin' I came a long, long way from slangin the herb sometimes I think about when I was kickin it to the curb now it's dirt in my pocket but shit done changed tatoos on my body and fat gold chains got the mega shipment that must go out on the same route me and my cousins started out head back to Mexico for a friend of mine we're gonna bring this shit load back, 4-0 pounds it's like crack rock, cause we done this shit before now I loaded up the stash on the hollow floor double checkin everything, now it all looks cool now we rollin to the border like we used to do we pulled up at the border, but something was wrong I began to realize that the swoop was on I had the DEA and immigration closin' in they had dogs all around my shit, no way to win they lookin in the truck, now I know the shit's for blast DEA agent sayin "now I got your ass" it's been a long time smugglin, now I'm done it's all over now, it's lookin' like I'm Audi, son Now I'm headed up the river with the boat and no paddle and they got me in lock down.. (reggae) big up to the herb man smugglin' ... now they got me in lock down peace to the herb man smugglin' ... now they got me in lock down respect to the herb man smugglin' ... now they got me in lock down what's up to the herb man smugglin' ... now they got me in lock down shootouts to Method Man, Redman, Bob Marley 2pac keep ya head up The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Cypress Hill w/ The Fugees Album: Unreleased & Revamped    Song: Boom Biddy Bye Bye (Fugees Remix) [Wyclef]  Refugee camp, with Cypress Hill [B-Real]  Yo, bringin it on [Wyclef]  Cubans meet the Haitians     Perfect combination, check it Verse One: Wyclef, B-Real [Wyclef]  You say guns [B-Real]  I say pistolas [Wyclef]  Well if you got beef son [B-Real]  Callate la boca [Wyclef]  Go meet me on the island where the Cubans meet the Haitians [B-Real]  A bullet beats the verbal lyrical assassination [Wyclef]  From L.A. to Brooklyn why you doin all that talkin [B-Real]  Think you got a soul but you're a Dead Man Walking [Wyclef]  Yo toast the host from coasts' we boast     When we meet again, I will be Casper that Friendly Ghost [B-Real]  You'll hear shots, like the show Cops     Things are still the same, I'm still growin crops [Wyclef]  Wyclef with B-Real, let me build better yet [B-Real]  Killa bee kill [Wyclef]  Yo B-Real watch your grip Chorus: B-Real, Wyclef, Lauryn Hill [B-Real]  Hi, boom biddy bye bye [Lauryn Hill] Ahhhahhh, ahhhahhh [Wyclef]  You open up your eyes you'll be the next one to die [Lauryn Hill] Ahhahhhh, ahhhahhh [B-Real]  Boom biddy bye bye [Lauryn Hill] Ahhahhhh, ahhhahhh [Wyclef]  Ohh as simple as they come as as simple as they die [Lauryn Hill] Ahhahhhh, ahhhahhh [B-Real]  Boom biddy bye bye [Lauryn Hill] Ahhahhhh, ahhhahhh [Wyclef]  Yo who told the boyy, to pack a forty-five [Lauryn Hill] Ahhahhhh, ahhhahhh [B-Real]  Boom biddy bye bye [Lauryn Hill] Ahhahhhh, ahhahhhh [Wyclef]  Now he rest in the place that they call paradise Verse Two: B-Real, Wyclef Fools run up, but they've never seen the last Spread your last lyrics get broken like glass  Can he pass or does he posess the will Or does he need to create to keep him straight on the real Punks are broken some dey fall off the ledge Refugee Camp bringin it straight over the edge You duck as I fluff the feathers from ya skin How ya gonna win that's like Satan without no sin (without no sin) They'll never happen while I'm rappin I be watchin The Philistines, creepin up in Manhattan The sun turn up though Wyclef produce a track with Muggs But there's no survivors, they all died in the flood Chorus Verse Three: Wyclef, B-Real Yo, once a child, twice a villain If this was drugs I'd make a million off this combination  They say you'redope Clef you're dope so they offer me sess and beer  Beware, you pull your wallet Mr. Thief stares The opposite direction of the room, he pulled his gun and said I'm doomed join the son of man in the tomb I see the soldiers, comin from out the shadows  Ready for battle, ain't trying to hear the baffled Warriors lined up in full war gear In it to win it if it goes on for years  Dedicated to the stable of the Assassins Revolutionaries, just bring on the action Chorus [WYCLEF] Soldier man  Rewind selector soldier man Refugee soldier man Brooklyn soldier man L.A massive soldier man New Jersey massive soldier man Uptown massive soldier man Long beach massive soldier man You know the whole world watches soldier man Boom biddy bye bye open up ya eyes you'll be the next one to die....... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Cypress Hill f/ Def Squad Artists, MC Eiht Album: Unreleased & Revamped (EP) Song: Throw Your Hands in the Air Intro: Sen Dog Yeah Bust how we gonna bounce off this ninety-five Soul Assassins Cypress Hill joint. Yo we want everybody out there to throw their hands up... ...so get it on kid! Verse One: Erick Sermon Fresh is the word, when I display my rappin forte Quicker done than O.J., hey I freaks my shit, E the lyrical master Stress me out, no doubt, I might have to blast ya Let me ask ya, can I gets busy one time? And unwind and chill, with Cypress Hill Huh, I go on with my bad self I'm the four pound toter, the Phil blunt smoker Believe me not, I'm wicked like three sixes I'm doper than the Pete Rock remixes Never walk through the crowd sluggish I'm hardcore to the Bone, I'm Thuggish Ruggish The Green-Eyed, Bandit, I be ERRRICK SERRRMON I gets real determined And one for the trouble, and two for the bass I take it to your face with this here lyrical mace And if you don't know, y'all better recognize I'm coming through with speed, with pounds of weed Verse Two: B-Real Ahh shit, another one of those gangsta hits Niggaz wanna get busy with the ultimate Fools get real, yo I'm representin the Hill With chips and clips and tons of blue steel So who wants to be the first nigga to die? Then try and test this, buddha blessed Gemini You get thrown sent home in a coffin Punk stuff don't make it back, very often I got Erick to take care of the Sermon Ashes to ashes, dust, bodies burnin Bustin open the doors to the temple Takin you to the dark side of your mental Chorus: B-Real Kickin it to the brothers on the corners, in the alleys Throw your hands in the air Kickin it to the brothers on the corners, in the alleys Throw your hands in the air Chorus Verse Three: Redman I rhyme tricky, the sticky smoka with the mind itchy finger up on the pen, be like "He the bomb, dicky!" These off-keys MC's hawk me, they won't get off me So I kill em softly and use em as walkie talkies *bzzzzt* Turn up my level adjust my voice pitch Hoist this diagnosis, comatosis is what I leave your crew with, boom bip or some two and two shit Raw silk, cuz YOU DO IT TO MY MUSIC *Funk Doctor Spock* lock the hypest individual, to put criminal in diapers With my nigga E and Cypress, what I write bitch You swore, it was a nuclear war, crisis in your back yard, word to God, Def Squad! With my nigga Keith in the place takin charge Word up you'll get hurt up like the jury callin murder You're deaf cuz I freak shit you neva heard of Chorus Verse Four: MC Eiht Steppin to the park in the Hill you can't hang The original baby gangsta on this Compton thang Don't slip, the late night hype, is when I dip Boo-yaa is the sound from a lonely clip Can't feel me, if I was crack you'd try to steal me Heard you, and your little crew, wanna peel me Keep your hands on your hood, you get got The Green-Eyed Bandit, Cypress Hill, and the Funk Doctor Spock You wish you could hang, like I hang Dwells in the C-P-T, the hood thing G, the trigga finger, I'ma get you Hit you, the Tech 9, I'ma split you Ain't no poppin, no stoppin Tick to the tock, tick tock I hit your block Throw your hands in the air, don't bite this I squeeze, nigga please, the E down with Cypress Chorus Chorus Outro: Sen Dog Aight, for everybody All our peeps out on the corners All the alleyways For all our decesed Incarcerated peeps, brothers on the streets Nineteen ninety-five Soul Assassins in your mind The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Cypress Hill f/ Call O' Da Wild Album: Unreleased & Revamped  Song: Intellectual Dons Typed by: dalyricalmaster@tupac.com (*B-Real sings the chorus on 11 seconds*) (Intro) What's up we gonna go down the line baby Brand new one from the Call O Da Wild Give big shouts to money makin Manhattan  145th street crews, 155th street crews All my niggaz on the East Side We gonna flip the track baby, flip the script like this Big shouts to all the weed spots and all that who know how we do Me things no money sat on Monies chicks Fillin Barcadi on club seats Harm's represent the crease on wise fully feet harmly accriminate Futuristic kittens of the street all malfunction seats  Crews stand like mannequins sportin names is Tim's I'll make half your flaps burn is self-discipline  And supportin your kittens if you're convinced  They keep the scripts movie-men  Experience and hard is (???) has captured run for the (???) Mischievous black kids dipped in black hooches Ruthless-a the caswendler stupid used to pump with the any gooier Now let the card hold the futures  (Chorus) (B-Real) Don't want to do it but they wanna  Just the Intellectual ganja puffin dons causing trauma  Don't want to do it but they wanna  Just the Intellectual trauma causing dime (Barron Ricks) B Ricks stands anonymous decant flicks  And non-raps that can't bonely manifest the Buddha blessed  Freshly dressed rollin in the clubs for success I'm not dressed in materialistic games to get the sex  The five six I'm livin fortune of survival tactics Keepin my enemies close and all my niggaz out of business  What is this? Slicey characters spreadin my business Fragments that can't manage that do damage yo I had it  Environmental pressure causing static  In fabric of the asiac cabbage it's madness All this I'm civilized now what do I now? Run these avenues buckwild with crews now who is it? Makin all you critics fiend these lyrics  And be the core  Yes y'all comin through on your premises This is it (Chorus) (B-Real) Don't want to do it but they wanna  Just the Intellectual ganja puffin dons causing trauma Don't want to do it but they wanna  Just the Intellectual ganja puffin dons causing trauma Don't want to do it but they wanna  Just the Intellectual ganja puffin dons causing trauma Don't want to do it but they wanna  Just the Intellectual ganja puffin dons causing trauma (Interlude) KnowI'msayin?  Big shouts to my sacred projects connections knowI'msayin? All my brothers on 113th Lexus to-dial knowI'msayin? Big shouts to the LES baby we see you Put on Stella performances  While niggaz place bids at auto auctions Re-model frames and changin rusty engines and courting And while you Forman fools wanna shorten my life  My life is like survival organs  It's not important that you're this lyrical dissertation  Tossing lineal (????) break your vinyl Chronically spotting spiral perhaps spinning out wax Yo ?Nas? put the black wars on elegant floors   The teachers got operations make em insecure  Gypsy cabs I flag Donnas DC slam that ass take a detour  Affiliates with my predominately black landscape  Hop the squad I watch the sling shot from rotting up your pin spot Jostling nigga (????) playing possum  I got the X-ray vision  Ain't nothing poppin while the tears who interfere  And the fears they disappear (Chorus) (B-Real) Don't want to do it but they wanna  Just the Intellectual ganja puffin dons causing trauma Don't want to do it but they wanna  Just the Intellectual ganja puffin dons causing trauma Don't want to do it but they wanna  Just the Intellectual ganja puffin dons causing trauma Don't want to do it but they wanna  Just the Intellectual ganja puffin DONS (Outro) Ah man that's the Call O' Da Wild flavor baby I can't take it no more I'm outta here baby But before we get up out I wanna give big shouts  To all the Buddha spots that made this possible Big shouts to the 99 cents store baby The discount health foods knowI'msayin?  All the brothers on the Lexus ail with that good, goodness  Big shouts to the party bag shop To all you other food spots on your roster crew with the end shit Yeah we out baby don't forget to flip this to the other side  Get with that Call O' Da Wild baby, it's like that yeah The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Cypress Hill Album: Unreleased & Revamped Song: Hand on the Pump (Muggs' Blunted Mix) Typed by: dalyricalmaster@tupac.com Cypress Hill, Cypress Hill Cypress Hill, Cypress Hill Cypress Hill, Cypress Hill Cypress Hill, Cypress Hill (B-Real) Well I'm an alley cat, some say a dirty rat  On my side is my gat, see I'm all of that  Sendin off buck shots for I'm gonna wetcha  Running hard, but I'm still coming to getcha  Thinking like a peace smoke, comin on a homicide  You talkin shit, try to take me for a ride  I'm not a bad guy, but I'm the funky feel one  Finger on the trigger with my hands upon the steel  Lettin out a bullet, this is going boo-yaa  You're stuck in my so hood, so what ya gonna do now?  Being the hunted one is no fun  Here I come son, yo I think you better run  Better run more, and move a little faster  Second of thought and I'm coming to blast ya  With my  (Chorus)  (B-Real) Sawed off shotgun, hand on the pump  Left hand on a forty, (puffin onna blunt)  Pumped my shotgun, (niggaz didn't jump)  La, la, la, la, la, la, la laaaaa...  Cypress Hill, Cypress Hill Cypress Hill, Cypress Hill Cypress Hill, Cypress Hill Cypress Hill, Cypress Hill Cypress Hill, Cypress Hill Cypress Hill, Cypress Hill Cypress Hill, Cypress Hill Cypress Hill, Cypress Hill (Sen Dog) Comin at you like a stiff blow, fuckin up your program  Ain't takin shit from you him or no man  Master mind maniac and a menace soooo  How they want to pass sentence  All because a nigga tried to play me on the trigger  He missed, so now the nigga's pissed  Rude and crude like a pitbull get to the point  Your fuckin car to get pulled, now  I'm headed up the river with a boat and no paddle  And I'm handin out beatdowns  I'm headed up the river with a boat and no paddle  And I'm handin out beatdowns (get your face down!)  Put me in chains, try to beat my brains  I can get out, but the grudge remains  When I see ya punk ass, I'm gonna getcha  Fucking do ya, shotgun go boo-yaa!  (Chorus)  (B-Real) Sawed off shotgun, hand on the pump  Left hand on a forty, (puffin onna blunt)  Pumped my shotgun, (niggaz didn't jump)  La, la, la, la, la, la, la laaaaa... Cypress Hill, Cypress Hill Cypress Hill, Cypress Hill Cypress Hill, Cypress Hill Cypress Hill, Cypress Hill  Cypress Hill, Cypress Hill Cypress Hill, Cypress Hill Cypress Hill, Cypress Hill Cypress Hill, Cypress Hill (B-Real)  Kickin that funky Cypress Hill shit  Take a lot of mental for the blunted to chill with Cuz I'm the chill one, known to get ill one  They stepped to the Hill "What's up?", I had to kill one  Now I'm headed up the river with a boat and no paddle  And they got me on lock down  Headed up the river with a boat and no paddle  And they got me on lock down  Hit me like a nigga who done lost his mind  Cause I ain't goin out like a spineless jellyfish  Some say life is a bitch  Ask that punk who dug his own ditch  Out for the Hill fuckin up at a party  Tried to get funny, put a hole in his body  La, la, la, la, la, la, la laaa  Look at all of those funeral cars  Cause I'ma  (Chorus) (B-Real) Sawed off shotgun, hand on the pump  Left hand on a forty, (puffin onna blunt) Pumped my shotgun, (niggaz didn't jump)  La, la, la, la, la, la, la laaaaa... Cypress Hill, Cypress Hill Cypress Hill, Cypress Hill Cypress Hill, Cypress Hill Cypress Hill, Cypress Hill Cypress Hill, Cypress Hill Cypress Hill, Cypress Hill Cypress Hill, Cypress Hill Cypress Hill, Cypress Hill Cypress Hill, Cypress Hill Cypress Hill, Cypress Hill Cypress Hill, Cypress Hill The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Cypress Hill Album: Unreleased and Revamped (EP) Song: Whatta You Know Typed by: g-gomez@edmail.com [Whatta you know?] (3x) B-Real: Whatta you know? The nigga stole my dough So I reached in the closet for the 4-4 [Whatta you know?] Jus' hold on, just wait a minute It's gone, along with my big bad nickel-plated Whatta you know? The fucker took my phone I still can't believe that he robbed my home! Whatta you know? I think he got to the herb And the ferria, and the jewlery, and the Mausberg Whatta you know? I can't find my keys to the 6-5 All the way live on D's Whatta you know? I can't find my Rolex With the 21 diamonds, shinin' on flecks Whatta you know? When I find that mark-ass nigga, I'ma cut out his fuckin' heart! Sen-Dog: Whatta you know? I came up on this baller For the dollar and the weed sack, and his Impala! Whatta you think, when you can't trust your so-called homie Like me, and you thought that you know me? Whatta you feel, when you're lookin' in the closet And the gat's gone, and so is your cellular phone? Whatta you know? I took your loot and the jewels With the buddah and the laptop in the nickel-plated tool! Whatta you know? Now I run the show With the phat pockets and the nigga's fly gold Wahtta you think, when ya ass gets jacked  By a homie who was supposed to have your back? B-Real: Whatta you know? I'm rollin' in my zone And I think I see the puto who rigged my home [Whatta you think?] I got the glock in the glove Should I dump on the man, leave him lying in the mud? Wahtta you know? He pulled out my 4-4 Now I got no choice, so I let it all flow [Whatta you know?] The motherfucker's all blastin' 4-5 equal, in time for some tractions [Whatta you know?] Slide action, no question Forty-five slug is bad for your complexion [Whatta you know?] The puto's cryin' like a bitch Now the puto's lyin' in a fuckin' ditch! B-Real (spoken): [Whatta you know?] You can't even trust your fuckin' best homeboy these days, homes. [Whatta you know?] You got to sleep with one nine fuckin' open ... [Whatta you know?] Payback's a motherfuckin' bitch! [Whatta you know?] That puto should've watched his fuckin' back. [Whatta you know?] (repeated till end) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Cypress Hill Album: Unreleased & Revamped Song: Hits From The Bong (T-Rays Mix) Typed by: dalyricalmaster@tupac.com Do you want to get high? Does everybody wanna get high? (B-Real) Hits From the Bong  Hits From the Bong  Hits From the Bong  Hits From the Bong  (B-Real) Pick it, pack it, fire it up, come aloooong  And take hits from the boooong  Put the blunt down just for a second  Don't get me wrong it's not a new method  Inhale, Exhale - just got a ounce in the mail  I like a blunt or a big fat coal  But my double barrel bong is gettin me stoned  I'm skill it, there's water inside don't spill it  It smells like shit on the carpet  Still it, goes down smooth when I get a clean hit  Of the skunky funky smelly green shit  Sing my song, puff all night long  As I take Hits from the bong...  Hits From the Bong y'all  Can I get a hit?  Hits From the Bong  Can I get a hit?  Hits From the Bong  Can I get a hit?  Hits From the Bong  (B-Real) Let's smoke that bowl, hit the bong  And then take that finger off of that hole  Plug it, unplug it, don't straaaain I love you Mary Jane  She never complains, when I hit Mary  With that flame, I light up the cherry  She's so good to me, when I pack a fresh bowl  I clean the screen  Don't get me stirred up the smoke, through the bub-bling water  Is makin it pure so I got ta, take my hit and hold it  Just like Chong, I hit the bowl and I reload it  Get my four-footer and bring it on...  As I take Hits from the bong  (Chorus) (B-Real) Hits From the Bong  Can I get a hit?  Hits From the Bong  Can I get a hit?  Hits From the Bong  Can I get a hit?  Hits From the Bong  Can I get a hit?  Hits From the Bong  Can I get a hit?  Hits From the Bong  Can I get a hit? Hits From the Bong  Can I get a hit? Hits From the Bong  Can I get a hit? Hits From the Bong  Can I get a hit? Hits From the Bong  Can I get a hit? Hits From the Bong  Can I get a hit? Hits From the Bong  Hits From the Bong  Hits From the Bong  Hits From the Bong The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Cypress Hill Album: Unreleased & Revamped Song: Illusions (Q-Tip Remix)  Typed by: CNoiSDaMaN@aol.com Some people tell me that I need help  Some people can fuck off and go to hell  God dam why they criticize me  Now shit is on the rise and my family despise me  Fuck em and feed em cuz I don't need em  I won't join em if I can beat em  They don't understand my logic  To my gat, to my money, and I'm hook on chronic.  I never wanted to hurt a nigga  Unless you come flexing that trigger  I'll dig ya that grave on the east side of town  Now your six feet underground  From man to the dust to the ashes  All I remember tell me where the cash is!  Click clack barrel at my dome  Give all your loot or you ain't going home  But I ain't going out on a bang  Wa dada dang wa dada da dang  (Hook)  I'm having illusions all this confusion's  Driving me mad inside  I'm having illusions all this confusion's  Fuckin me up in the mind.  Mother fuckas be driving me up the walls  Hoping that I fall but they can lick my balls  Straight jacket strap it  In the padded room where some punk niggas can't hack it  Distracted from all reality now I'm let out  On a minor technicality .... They all fucked up now  Cuz they let a nigga back on the street some how  I'm looking for some one like me  Living in my own world to my own degree  On the loose in the city looking at the ho with the titties  Looking at me and I feel shitty  A lil tensed up getting hot  Cuz she looks like my girl who got smoked at the crack spot  I'm trying to find ways to cope  But I ain't fuckin around with a gage or a rope.  (Hook)  I'm having illusions all this confusion's  Driving me mad inside  I'm having illusions all this confusion's  Fuckin me up in the mind. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Cypress Hill Album: Unreleased & Revamped Song: Latin Lingo (Prince Paul Mix) Typed by: dalyricalmaster@tupac.com {"Quieres ser, un pescador.."} 	{"Bonjourno, Pietro.."} {"Prince Paul!"} 	{"Bad, let's start the fuckin show, ah?"} Latin Lingo - "Here comes the pain!" [Sen Dog] I freak to the funk that no-one else is bringin Sen Dog with the funky bilingüe Yeah that's the nombre, heard that homey? Peace to Mellow and Frost, and the deporte Sen Dog is not a kid or veterano I'm down, another fried Hispano One of the many of the Latins este año And I got plenty for the Jennies tryin to hound yo But wait, they're clownin on me cause of my language I have to tell em straight up, it's called spanglish Now who's on the fiend, gala gringo? Tryin to get paid, from the funky bilingual [Chorus: B-Real & Sen Dog] Latin lingo baby (funky bilingual) funky bilingual Yeah, funky bilingual! Latin lingo baby (funky bilingual) funky bilingual It's the Latin lingo! [Sen Dog] Cuando entros, when I come in, the suckers fronted They mida, another bilingual from bein Tengo, como ejemplo, check the tempo Ahh, esta chingon el instrumento Ya no usted, como somos Yo no jovo, I gots my soul though And you can hear it, in las skonkas Tribal ceremony as the Hill gets stronger Don't be such a leper what you got for la cabeza Hey homes, pass the cerveza Before I have to go and push up on your resa Hmm, she's fine, something fresca Here homes have a hit of this yesca Dicho enseño, the lingua la prento Now you know, that I am in the centro Where you live, si tu puedes Nowadays you ain't shit without your puentes Something like a gang thang, vatos get it BANG, BANG Could of hung out with them now you callin me a insane Senta la mi cara, senta mi camino Make way (yeah) for the funky bilingual [Chorus: B-Real & Sen Dog] Latin lingo baby (funky bilingual) funky bilingual Funky bilinguals hoe! Latin lingo baby (funky bilingual) funky bilingual It's the Latin lingo, baby! Latin lingo baby (funky bilingual) funky bilingual Funky bilingual... Some of that old Latin funk, knowhatI'msayin? [Sen Dog] (What's up homey? Don't you know me?) Si mon (Ain't you the brother of the mas pingo?) Straight up, and I'm down with La Raza Kid Frost got my back, BOO-YAA's en la casa Cause everyday things get a little crazier As I step to the microphone area First I claim my city, puro los angeles Yeah (you know homes) that's where the calles is Vato wouldn't know me, along with the heinas Catchin all them slippin, for they such a one-timer So when you see me at the party or the baile Before I got here I was gaffled in the calle Troop like a vacho who said I was borracho Had an attitude, tried to play me macho Just relax, calmado mijo Sen Dog with the funky bilingual [Chorus: B-Real & Sen Dog] Latin lingo baby, funky bilingual Funky bilingual Latin lingo baby, funky bilingual Funky bilingual Latin lingo baby, funky bilingual Funky bilingual... funky baby! Yeah, I'd like to say peace, to my homeboy B-Real Mellow Man Ace, Kid Frost, and Ralph M the Mexican And we're out The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Cypress Hill Album: Unreleased & Revamped Song: When the Ship Goes Down (Diamond D Remix) Typed by: dalyricalmaster@tupac.com Goin down, goin down Goin down, goin down Goin down, goin down Goin down, goin down (B-Real) Livin on phat pockets on flat wit tha gat  Rollin around nine deuce Cadillac  Still got my homies to watch my back  And they'll smoke ya ass if ya wanna come chat  That's why some pigs an tha kids come sweatin  They follow a hollow point shells hard ta swallow  Why wallow when ya come ta roll on I put tha clip  An dust bring ya ass on Kickin dust on ya head as tha gat busts my grip surrounded  I'm about ta get rushed I brushed wit death  How many shells stuffed in my closet (???)  (Chorus) (B-Real) When tha ship goes down ya better be ready (when tha ship goes down)  When tha ship goes down ya better be ready (when tha ship goes down)  When tha ship goes down ya better be ready (when tha ship goes down)  When tha ship goes down ya better be ready (ya better be ready)  Goin down, goin down Goin down, goin down Goin down, goin down Goin down, goin down Goin down, goin down Goin down, goin down Goin down, goin down Goin down, goin down (B-Real) I told tha boyz get tha sawed off glock  And tha rest of tha gats as I strapped on tha bullet-proof vest BOOM  I think I got one to tha chest hot damn I didn't want to kill a man  Shit I still stand tall with tha hill clan y'all  Better stand back niggaz bout ta fall I'm comin out blastin like Yosemite Sam  Get tha cheese an tha bread for tha ham  (Chorus) (B-Real) When tha ship goes down ya better be ready (when tha ship goes down) When tha ship goes down ya better be ready (when tha ship goes down)  When tha ship goes down ya better be ready (when tha ship goes down) When tha ship goes down ya better be ready (ya better be ready) Goin down, goin down Goin down, goin down Goin down, goin down Goin down, goin down Goin down, goin down Goin down, goin down Goin down, goin down Goin down, goin down The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Psycho Realm f/ B-Real Album: Psycho Realm Song: Psycho City Blocks Typed by: OHHLA.com We came to drop these styles; It's no shock we rock 'til the cops come and knock non-stop We come from Psycho Cities and Blocks we're raisedby gunshots low life in hip hop Despite the rules I choose to be, one of the choosen few leavin you confused, dazed and what got you all amazed How the fuck we could be so blazed? It takes one block to fill your life with terror Think of all your bullet holes embedded in your area Bullet, bullet and in the end, who gets shot by motherfuckers making hip hop? We came here to get you high, represent underdogs world-wide on the hustle leading crooked lives We don't die, we multiply; but we divide so how are we gonna survive? You got your role, I got mine; dont cross paths cause an intersection's just another form of clash, we crash Due to violent environments, crimes terrorize rhyme events I'm bringing the streets to the stage, rockin your front page L.A., street families are crumblin we legacies There must be some type of way out of this pain said the joker chain smokin weed train take aim stop random cappin, shoot a hootah captain Chorus: We came to drop these styles, it's no shock We rock 'til the cops come and rock non-stop Do you rock or do you get locked in fights with glocks? The Psycho Realm's spraying out your box We come from psycho cities and blocks We're raised by gunshots and low life in hip-hop Do you rock or do you get locked in fights with glocks? We come from psycho cities and blocks Will spirits dancing in the flesh accept when somebody changes the music and the tune is death We don't dance around bonfires We get stoned, tripped or wired in memory of those expired My people's exodus results in prejudice You ask us why, in poverty, we become terrorists Now let me tell you this: we don't choose to tote gats and sellin on the corner is to avoid tax If you gun talk or hip-hop there's too much division so find a new mission or it'll stop We do our thing, talk slang, live on fast lanes Some do it for money, and others for the fame You're out playin games dangerous with high aim How long will you maintain before you get slain? Clearing the mind but my soul is mad Tendency to act real bad come across me don't c.o.m.e. out at n.i.g.h.t. Yeah, we the fuckin crazy youth from the streets freely You see me Pelon Psyclone delivering a metal rainstorm Chorus The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Psycho Realm f/ B-Real Album: The Psycho Realm Song: Showdown Typed by: ghostbusta@usa.net [Mr. Duke] Run around downtown, cliques throw down in the mix clowns and infinite showdowns battle grounds all break downs; world's upside down Making wicked smiles wicked frowns, we get down with our own gangster sound static kingdoms break you and your manhood shallow with shanks of venom metal rattle fuckin' snakes I'm as high as the stakes quarter ounce of weed to the head no breaks home wait street wars we get in them furious fist on my wrist is gonna get them and you [Sick Jacken] out of frictions comes static causing mad panic on the streets, the dramatic battles increase we see more wars, less peace, we're even fighting police resulting, they're biggest enemies lifestyles of the criminal be wild you wanna see more action, hold up wait a while fist crash giants clash putting on the face of the devil mask doing brain bash [Chorus: Mr. Duke] Look out for the showdown Crazy in the head locos 'bout to throw down Look out for the showdown Crazy in the head locos 'bout to throw down [B-Real] Watch out, look out, look out, watch out for the showdown, you better slow down give me fifty feet or better keep your eye on the barrel of the beretta the lead comin' to wet'cha spread your body parts all over the continent I'm a dominant mothafucka, but you're the opposite turn around put your hands on the side are you aligned by the sunshine on your gun the outcome: you're just another one soul flyin' into the heavens hit by the '57 ass end scrapping, illuminating the whole block they all flock in anticipation you're getting rolled by the dayton now I see your hand shaking you want our of this situation [Sick Jacken] Images of war weapons the psycho presence blood wettens, stains the curb where you're steppin' deadly ground's the home of all showdowns come into my kingdom , sirens rattle eardrums it ain't one on one no more, it' gun on gun bullets take the place of fists so what's the outcome crazy wars, severe scars if you're just like me, you're defending what's yours taking no loss [Mr. Duke] we're heavy duty like tanks this is my two chrome shanks criminal styles point blank you think my music is crazy like tony montana fumando marijuana con santana tomorrow I might not be alive, so I wanna bring all the enemy's sorrow I rock the block with the music maniac Tar back locos seekin' that warpath Why don't punks be legit, they ell bring havoc in their head A psycho one will shoot them dead that's the fundamental to a fucked up mental now you got a gun, your life's a psycho realm my strategy assault battery runnin' through your neighborhood in cliques of three smokin' in the battlegrounds on wild streets and wild showdowns, enemy take a look around The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Psycho Realm f/ B-Real Album: The Psycho Realm Song: The Big Payback Typed by: ghostbusta@usa.net [B-Real] Once again the psycho ward would like to bring something new so we present the big payback [Sick Jacken] Do you even know the reason for your blastin? It's pointless You grab your stainless, do your action he stay's motionless Because of your error, they label this era terror drop the coke and the mirror keep your nose clearer the outcome of what you've done shook slums of rivals from other sides with guns, soldier, and knives you took one of their lives and finished it now they decide they want to retaliate find you ass and even shit in memory of lost souls, in honor of their homeboys dying here in south los now don't even decide you want to hide If they find who they're looking for, they shoot whoever's inside Your little street family they drive by your block and shot randomly you thinks it's best to test lead 'em on a quest not cease and in the end let one of your homeboys rest in peace [Chorus: Mr.Duke] I'm looking for you, I'm gonna get you back when I catch you on the street slippin' that ass is mine crazily all up in my face with your set trippin' and that ass is mine ahh shit murder clique jumping from behind the fence and that ass is mine the big payback I'm gonna get you muthafucka that ass is mine [Sick Jacken] I'm living in southside, avoiding my death with cautious steps I might end up serving a point for someone's rep that's why a gun is kept I will employ its services if I need to stop their plot from being murderous can't be a victim of fool who stick 'em they walk through life with the wicked smiles and piles of loot don't hesitate to shoot in the quest for dead presidents they're getting rich at the expense of dead residents a lot of rascals causing deep fiascoes if you come across 'em avoid 'em; their mentality is blast those who ain't down with me they got something I want and i'll take it if they resist it's permanent sleep don't try to be brave; you'll end up in the grave it's quite impossible to reform thosewho misbehave crooks who took will continue to take leave shook with no question and then break no scene seems to break his trance of nice dreams for visine disguises the red so his eyes gleam another situation will arise until the instigator takes his turn to die in the south side [Chorus: Mr. Duke] I'm looking for you, I'm gonna get you back when I catch you on the street slippin' that ass is mine crazily all up in my face with your set trippin' and that ass is mine ahh sit murder clique jumping from behind the fence and that ass is mine the big payback I'm gonna get you muthafucka that ass is mine [B-Real] This has been another psycho ward production You learn anything at all you learn payback is a bitch Psycho Realm into the 97 Soul assassins The big payback The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Psycho Realm f/ B-Real Album: Psycho Realm Song: Premonitions i got mad visions, pictures and premonitions of war drums and suicide missions prosecution, execution, revolution, mass confusion all over ready for war, i'm a soldier nightmares of cross-airs, concentration camps and electric chairs marking you with the stamp prepare yourself am i paranoid? why in my dreams, have i seen  the whole world destroyed? civilization raped, ain't no escape situations escalate in the date of 2001 revelation, or is it just my imagination? invasion dreams reoccuring i can't explain it but it's the same one everyday televisions trackers citizens massacres and cashless systems the new order with no border renegades the rule over the new age Malaise picture the gray haze consuming the world this dream never goes away i wish i knew the meaning of all this 'cause the pieces of the puzzle just don't fit premonitions of war cloud my every tought battles fought, won and lost a holocaust always the same ending, don't ever change but i refuse to believe we all go down in flames i wake up in the middle of combat from the attack of the bomb killing on impact disintegration over the whole nation and overseas victory to our enemies The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Psycho Realm Album: The Psycho Realm Song: Stone Garden Typed by: WestUp@free.fr [Mr Duke speaking] This jam right here is dedicated To all you motherfucker that ain't right here You're supposed to be right here with me, motherfucker You know what I'm saying ? You know what the fuck I'm saying I'll catch up with you soon, homies Ah ah, yeah, we'll catch up to you all All of you motherfucker And you know what I'm saying cause at the end, at the end we all diiiie [Jacken] Sounds like Gods are crying tears of Malathion Raining over your head to put out the fire Who desires to die? besides, the suicidal tendencies Can lead to the eternal sleep So keep you eyes wide open and alive Grab your snake and ride to the other side If your intention is to defy death I'll tell you now, even the best get laid to rest We're on our way to the stone garden  End of the road were everybody goes but not forgotten Frames all rotten souls travel to unravel Other worlds and big cloud castles Why do we have these hassles, livin' cautious Walking the street watching your back? Your fear's collosus We conquer souls while ganja rolls Everybody here's high so the story unfolds We're on another planet thought, thinking immortal But the path we're on leads us straight to the portal Chorus: [Jacken & (Mr Duke)] (Devil's in disguise) They're coming to claim us Let it come as no surprise I stare into the face of death 'Cause at the end of their time, everybody dies [Mr Duke] This is a time of pain Warzone for your own gain I roam the middle with the metal cause I'm insane Break frames... catch a smoking Is it gonna earn you a name? Did you get slain? Or fall victim to bald knuckle-heads and bad aim It ends all the same Every mothafucker right here gotta jump on soul train Some go up, some go south Some get stuck in a realm with no way out Some get to hide, O.D. on drug hits, Dying in your sleep, that's the shit But lives get took violently On the streets of a lost city Chorus: [Duke & (Jacken)] X2 (Devil's in disguise) They're coming to claim us Let it come as no surprise I stare into the face of death 'Cause at the end of their time, everybody dies [B-Real] In the stone garden, we keep all the heavenly gates packed With fresh souls under control, no holdin' back Look at all these names engraved in the stones Even the unknown finds his path on his way home Roam... where the spirits all lie One of these fuckin' days, even I'm gonna die And when I do, I'll be another memory Hanging out with the ones who were there before me Look out haaa... let me set your soul free By the Buddha tree, open the gates to eternity Everybody rise up, open up your eyes We demise and we're trippin' to the other side Chorus: [B-Real & (Mr Duke with Jacken)] X2 (Devil's in disguise) They're coming to claim us Let it come as no surprise I stare into the face of death 'Cause at the end of their time, everybody dies [Mr Duke speaking] Yeah at the end, at the end We'll catch up with you You know what I'm saying, that's it We all die then motherfucker Yeah even if you take me out by now One of my motherfucker's gonna take you up And then you'll take him and back and forth and shit And it don't stop you know what I'm saying Body rott drop and shit You know what I mean Ah ah This is the end The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Psycho Realm f/ B-Real Album: The Psycho Realm Song: Temporary Insanity Typed by: ghostbusta@usa.net [B-Real] You better dig deep and find soul 'Cause you're lost, need guidance, which way to go People are despicable, unpredictable spirits Calling out so all you weak-minded hear it To take control over your mind and body Hip-hop is more than just a flow in a party Strike down the unoriginal hypocrites Let 'em burn at the stake like chicken strips Fried cut up denied respect Some have lost their lives and ided through their neglect May they all rest in peace where they lay Where we continue to struggle and live our lives day to day [Chorus: B-Real] What do you see when you're looking into the eyes of a madman on the verge of insanity? Looking out the window I see the animals in the darkness the fearless, the scandalous, the heartless [Sick Jacken] The heartless roam bare chests, woman with bare breasts Hollow, follow the sun God, Apollo, wake up tomorrow with yellow eyes seeing visions of explicit visits to the other side with precision temporarily losing my head stedily falling heavily on my shoulders getting me on my achilles heel, I fell like somebody pulled the plug from my brain signals indicate I'm on my way, open the gates, be insane psycho babble, constant battle with myself pop the top on the pain killers on the top shelf I need help to maintain my mental health but overall, I'm doing what it takes to get my shoe in the door from two charectors behaving like bad actors not sticking to their roles causing more drama after the show is over, I feel like a soldier caught between two brigades which one am I to aid [Chorus: B-Real] What do you see when you're looking into the eyes of a madman on the verge of insanity? Looking out the window I see the animals in the darkness the fearless, the scandalous, the heartless [Mr. Duke] If there's ever road ahead, then cars will be crashing high in front of their lives flashing by no time to ask why you know how it is in the city we roam you're crazy, therefore you're making me go cyclone all pursuits go in a stole Lo-lo followed by the rival L.A. 5-O narcs are led to the dark, then brought down to the concrete around downtown I personally take care of all you wicked ass hollywood sheriffs what if one night you just come beating on a wicked drum? I'm going through a quick view of what I thought was my mind being torn apart? [Chorus: B-Real] What do you see when you're looking into the eyes of a madman on the verge of insanity? Looking out the window I see the animals in the darkness the fearless, the scandalous, the heartless The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Psycho Realm f/ B-Real Album: The Psycho Realm Song: Confessions of a Drug Addict Typed by: ghostbusta@usa.net [Chorus: Duke] What type of drugs do you do? and what do you do to get your hands on your shit mothafucka huh??!! what kind of dirty tricks you do to get yourself fixed? you're all sick; is it lack of love? or lack of your withdrawal? Drugs!! I need femine venoms in the system in order to function in the rhythm [Duke] you get hook to the look of wild vomen and wanna live in the land of the unforgiven habits turn bad ones individuals make 'em poison rituals gotta have it a have it, a habit welcome your traces of an addict [B-Real] God forgive me for my bad habits, drug addict needle in my vein, I gotta have it to kill the pain, you silly rabbit I dig a hole under the sun to hide from the static automatic pressure got to kill it give some act-rite juice so I could feel it ah, now everything is all right the eye of the needle cries out to the dark side looking inside through the outdoor knocking but society won't let me in so I grab my stocking put over my head and get the dough 'cause the needle is my God and smack is my soul [Sick Jacken] parahernaila in my domain brings conclusion that i'm using but the question is, am I abusing infested in the residence of pico union drug intrusion, color fusion invasion! of your senses maintain relapse dilate eye lenses, my dependence on these chemical artifical dreams is what makes my habit obscene [Sick Jacken] Tinted like the darkest shadows, my mind is cloudly subliminal commands will penetrate then I get rowdy conditions drowsy, the sedative brings negative enemies I slump down and stay ahead of me powerful like metamphetamines my state is altered this here's no lie hydroponic, chronic got you feeling all erotic aphrodisiac, who's got it? alvarado maniacs risk poison time buying dimes when you got the fix get in the mix there's no denving drug's the only factor got me in the rapture making an addict out of you and proceed to capture you mind [Duke] you're mine, choke hold to your whole skull, substance uncontrolled who holds straight keys to locks and unlocks key holes the structure of my trip is unstoppable I'm 50 hits of the dot all powerful we go deranged and remain living the last days in the haze of purple micro [B-Real] I remember when I was a high school star had the proom queen, scholarship, brand new car it's funny, you never know who your friends are 'til you lose all your sensibilities to the act-rite but i'm all wrong; no wonder my family don't wanna have nothing to do with me humiliation, neglect, no respect the concept of rehabilitation has been swept I wish I was clean a far fetched dream but what other way am I going to blow of my steam [All Together] Heaven's all in this bottle of juice Making me feel high making me feel loose Got nowhere turn to no one Trust me, I don't even trust myself The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Psycho Realm Album: Psycho Realm Song: Bullets Typed by: LenchMobian@free.fr [B-Real] Lost dreams of innocence long past Through time memories burn and fade like ash Through the crosswinds through the crosiers Let the bullet strike Through the Teflon and on and in Feel me penatrate the skin So I could travel unravel the whole in your shell I'm gonna send you straight to hell Now your lifeless God bless your soul and lay to rest It's useless I go through the west chest cavity Area let them bury your shell deep in the earth Where you dwell in your wooden cells [Jacken] Gang insigina splits your familia Let me break it down mira You're slaying mothafuckas that look loke you do Dying off slowly is the only rule In this rate chase, crews choose paper chase Almost always illegal, regals and banbidos Coverment tactics pack this street with plastic Dreams and fantasies of getting paid drastic But most get blasted all you fanatics Out for cheese and G's cease dramatics [Mr. Duke] In this chapter, we're gonna define Why rivals die, bullets fly, they fill skies And we die faster then we multiply [Jacken] Bullets pierce through sky like a storm  You're warned and if it hails you die Assassins passing through your block blasting action Dust gets kicked up in violent fashion Trigger men get figured in Solitary cages through the ages We've been taken for by the other side They split usup in cliques and pitch the homicide They use, divide and conquer, they no longer will survive Supply the guns and ammo, then watch the color die [B-Real] Bullets are on a mission To search and destroy No names attached just convoys Deployed on your team You wanna scheme dreams of material vision My squadron of 36 is on a mission And I'm on you like flies on shit And I got back up with 36 more in the clip As I come to expand and change dimensions My philosophy becomes high with bad intentions It s a vengeance Like bees to the hive Strive to stay alive and live through the drive-by [Mr. Duke] Who really remembers the blastin'? Five minutes of crossfire, action Two sides fight in the night And thousands of nameless bullets Fly by, aimless In your direction Making rivals die on occasion Yeah enemies muthafucka Take in all of my steel, bleed Hot metal get thrown away On the streets of L.A. as I run away In this chapter, we're gonna define Why rivals die, bullets fly, they fill skies And we die faster then we multiply The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Psycho Realm Album: The Psycho Realm Song: Love from the Sick Side Typed by: LenchMobian@free.fr, WestUp@free.fr "Don't be a good neighbour to her I'll send a love letter Straight from my heart, fucker! You know what a love letter is It's a bullet from a fuckin' gun, fucker! You receive a love letter from me And you're fucked for ever" [All] L to the O to the V to the E, love! [B-Real] Is the word that I'm thinking of Sometimes I sit back and try to figure it out How it can break the strongest man down  To his very last compound I took a fall 'cause I went out for the love That I shared with a woman who didn't care I tried to give her my all and change my shit up But she didn't give a fuck about that when she decided to get up Fuck all the good time, just remember the bad Fuck me and fuck all the love we used to have Chillin' at the clubs, your friends and my friends Hangin' out all night, driving around in the Benz Fuckin' off all my ends but I can't pretend Not fell the pain inside, suicide crossed my mind  Every time I heard your name But I got strong and realized it's all about the game Now you're all just the same Chorus: [All] L to the O to the V to the E, love! L to the O to the V to the E L to the O to the V to the E, love! L to the O to the V to the E [Duke] Fuck love, I just can't get enough of your freaky ass baby Sexy mothafucka, when you walk by and I wanna go for a ride You hit like drugs, or red wine I'm blind Drivin' through your world sky high Flyin' through your town like wind sex triangle Circels of his begin, spinnin' I'm happy grinnin' Sufferin' over pussy I'm fuckin' He's stuck like a truck and I'm like you Scandalous slut what's up Where's your man probably with the puta that says she loves me My heart grows cold and hard as stone Time goes by and the last laugh is mine Chorus The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Psycho Realm f/ B-Real Album: The Psycho Realm Song: R. U. Experienced Typed by: ghostbusta@usa.net [Chorus: B-Real] We'll all rise to inform masses, engage encounter extreme passages, enter return insideeternal neglect cycles encouraging survival [B-Real] through hallucinations escape now every wicked ordeal regenerates disgrace, emotions ruined intellectuals seduced including nations founded under loose lock evaluate friends, foreigners, enemies concentrate to penetrate, reduce our time, elminate chances to yell out, utlize, realize, survival essentails, lifestyle fundamentals attantion to all nation youth, continue our struggle trust no one, maintain, and tell truth, end ridicule war, hunger and terror vicious invidual clever to often rule you whether individuals love, loathe behold enslavement, order united retaliation so fear in God hold true, to obstruction thoroughly handing enemies' destyruction, elimination, avoid the humiliation [Chorus: B-Real] we'll all rise to inform masses, engage encounter extreme passages, enter return insideeternal neglect cycles encouraging survival [Sick Jacken] fughting original underground generals hit their weakest intervals two hundred sentinels, infiltrate levels effectively not taken warning except automatic preparation, override negative systems and new democracies secretly under battle, lost inside mystery, intaining nuclear actions lethal combat overdoses excessive so involved that civilians assist, never trippin' after killin' ecery casualty opening mental position, let elite take eventual control owning nation to reveal only love of violent expansion, retalation to higher elevation, witness old revelation, lingering dication [chorus: B-Real] we'll all rise to inform masses, engage encounter extreme passages, enter return insideeternal neglect cycles encouraging survival [Mr. Duke] battle underground intelligence leaving the defenses all numb and defenseless on restless grounds adolescent negligent intend zero evidence years of underdeveloped races street technique, raises enemy encases tasteless authorities run mazes in elite space and places rearranged evidence pages all revealing establishment traces order in courts taking away kingdoms, endless anti-civilian tactics indicate overthrowing national assassins guaranted actions increases the nation's securities tensions, abusive badges, uniforms and stations inject vaccinations of elimination armies unauthorized to hide or rewrite institutional treaties in every state die no mistake The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Psycho Realm f/ B-Real Album: The Psycho Realm Song: Psyclones Typed by: ghostbusta@usa.net [B-Real] couldn't belive your eyes when you see what the fuck is comin' psyclones all you sorry mothafuckas runnin' the city has turned to renegades with guns and blades and criminals seeking to get paid I maintain, keep cool-ahead in the face of destruction whether I live or die unpredictable, invincible, untameable, individual uncontrollable like a psycho deadly so let us begin to take your min' to another plane 'cause I know you ain't ready the course of the psyclone is steady so who in their right mind would get in the way of the machete? the serpent fuckin' with me in the turbulent times of war on the street gran your fuckin' heat come with me inside the whirl wind everybody's welcome into the psycho's den [Chorus: Mr. Duke] Even though we don't know the attack's exact origin Man-made diseases show traces of an assassain The goverment went deranged and came blastin' Tryin' to finish us off with poisoned rations [Sick Jacken] as you sleep nightmares and dreamscapes awake now it's time to renovate use thoughts and plots to elevate violence is like cellophane storing all you renegades the only thing is you're already spoiled so now you play the game teams are spread out all over your city mobile with your lo lo on 520's and 560's guns and drugs are spread into your town you must realize open your eyes wide the drama will be televised revolution waitin' for your input like dail tones strap on the psyclone's takin' your zone grab your weapon keep streppin' if you don't defend don't mention it to anybody who questions step into the eye and die you've been shook and took by madman, psycho slash crook [Mr. duke] the cities' survival depends on defense methods we bring L.A. to the stage live coverage methods are jagged like pieces of broken records are now shanks we abuse in the holding tanks it's going down in the middle of downtown out of line, confined to get checked and robbed blind vigilante to protect and serve the people violent sequels 'til the evil and death equal [Chorus: B-Real] Even though we don't know the attack's exact origin Man-made diseases show traces of an assassain The goverment went deranged and came blastin' Tryin' to finish us off with poisoned rations [Mr. Duke] the day could feel what I feel life in the battlefield facing fuckin' steel, no shield puppet goverments on the streets to confiscate C.B.'s, batteries and M.C.'s [B-Real] look at the deep thought dwelling within' your mind do you got what it takes to survive the city of the blind? everyone follow and let your soul feel free can you keep up or will you fall behind me? [Mr. Duke] look for spies near telephones neghibourhood informants, tapping into your dial tones televisions act cameras also enemies program your box of cables [Sick Kacken] invasion of your spaces calls for rowdy occasion deliberate attacks on your stacks means retaliation can you succeed in leaving the other side bleeding? can you succeed in leaving the other side bleeding? or will they defeat my street fleet? can you succeed in leaving the other side bleeding? The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Psycho Realm f/ B-Real Album: The Psycho Realm Song: Lost Cities Typed by: LenchMobian@free.fr [Mr. Duke] I told the tower of power we can work together But I guess they rather see wars and scars better Street veterans holding enemy bandera And then we're caught up in the web of the guerra We're all fightin' and fightin' and lose lives At the end everyone dies We're all cursed like that bu the maker No muthafucka shall be a life-taker We cross the firing line, sickos on both sides Terror strikes under streetlights and grow More out of control and psycho [Jacken] My realm is dowtown, rampart district, pico union We shatter illusions with weapons we're using Or sets we're choosing No Rolls we roll old-mobile More real than majority, we're docile but still Other sides get more peeled hit by street teams Big paybacks and police beatings I can't replace my home with peacefull silence But my roots are planted in this city of violence We call it Lost City where angels roam commiting unknown Ghetto prone guarding the zone >From all damage but can only manage to handle Partial scandal. What's your angle? Crooked or vandal? Or killer Plot filler drug dealer we all co-exist in this thriller Chorus: X2 [Mr. Duke] Look around, it's in your town Deadly sirens brings on violence [Jacken] Take heed to this warning bad times stormin' War between city blocks and cops [Mr. Duke] Watchful eye, resident die When they see crimes go down and drop dimes It ain't no lie these days become strange How many people go shootin' at the street range Arms armed at those that control felon man chains Explain why I'm target to homicide Flash throwin at my head code red leavin' soldiers wasted, dead [Jacken] Truth sparks revolution and is therefore labeled violent Condemned to the silent movement of rebels who are defiant Sick-ciders spreading our venoms like sick spiders We construct a web and catch all those who fight us Capture threads at your head Crash units switch to code red Find you in a ditch undercover dirt bed Who said they was untouchable but instead Catch the end of their ropes all hopes bled Out your village, pillage empires rank higher But in the end cities get lost in the crossfire [B-Real] Everybody wants a piece of your pie, do you qualify? Or will you die like all the others? Survival is your onlt means, or will you suffer? From those bad dreams are you still losing tour will to live and Let live in the land of the chaotic, abusive "Lost Cities" Filled with narcotics? Two times to the power, I planted a bomb in the tower Going off every hour No prisoniers in the laws of wars that you saw Imagine all the sick individuals Down for the cause We all come from the sick side of town But some of us stay underground in the unfound Lost Cities [Mr. Duke] I need your help to gain control of the Lost City Fight to survive, something crazy has just happened The captain of the justice system runin' the show is psycho I claim to be a big part of "Empire Strikes Back" at rampart Rivals thrown in a vicious cycle livin' in the city that's lost Chorus: X2 [Jacken] Look around, it's in your town Deadly sirens brings on violence [Mr. Duke] Take heed to this warning bad times stormin' War between city blocks and cops The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Psycho Realm f/ B-Real Album: Psycho Realm Song: La Connecta (pt.1) Sonny: now i'm tired of makin' all these other mothafuckas money while they sit back and leave it all up to sonny it's been a long time i've worked for these lying pieces of shit now i'm trying to make my own grip for so long, i've been number two fuck that. i got to break of and make my own crew im tired of being held back and lied to  like a vato with no respect see what i do jakin' the old fool and takin' over everything and every mothafucka with 'em gotta die too it's time for a change of power i planted two gaurds on the watch tower (dialogue) Joaquin: im the vato's right hand man, main man, gato and when he goes out, im takin' over the scam i ran a little block for tax, everybody for static control now i hold a position for sure over those who roll they get in my way they lay im a hole tryin' to tamper goal tryin' to move in like this cuban thinks it's his spot but ther's no room for the two at the top word is he's tryin' to serve this organization for the unnotted service the boss is getting nervous this is my chance to advance; im getting cynical this guy being alive makes the situation critical (dialogue) gus: why am i being shacked in chains they claim i am wanted murderous assist man at first i thought it was a government scheme sticking me at the center of the crime scene it seems i've been held for, being helpful in a homicide; why'd they try to give me life double when i was made(wasn't i made) untouchable by my family?give my life to crime committe now in a time of need, you're saying fuck me what makes you wanna play me shady i protected your life, now im offered as sacrifice to the law with no ties at all when the boss dies, he whole kingdom falls The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Psycho Realm f/ B-Real Album: Psycho Realm Song: La Connecta Pt.2 Joaquin: it's seven and a half sharp this things about to start my whole crew's being torn apart by a spark of the greed 'cause everybody needs and if you're in the way they spray you bleed the bad breed punks like sonny with dreams of running the whole show trippin' off control and money Sonny: it's close to the time all my soldiers are in line it's my motherfuckin' time to shine all my soldiers are outside waiting for my sign big roller hostile take over i won't hesitate to blow his old ass and be mero mero you can't teach and old perro new tricks so when i give you the signal take 'em out quick Joaquin: there's a knock on the door, it must be sonny watch him and his clique empty your clip if they trip yo, sonny, come inside i'm glad you arrived have a seat and the boss will be right with you in five Sonny: what? fuck that shit. i ain't got time for this i got buisness to take care of with jesus, bitch get him out here in a hurry and get the fuck out my face before you get buried Gus: I kicked down the door he thought he was dead lead staring at his head, this is what he said gustavo... it's nice to see you, huh i said why the fuck did i get sacrificed? you sold my soul to the devil now im livin' life at a strange level i come back for the big payback you don't wanna catch the bullet back so step back bring your arms around slow from the front to the back don't try and move quick don't try and move too fast revenge already calls for the gun to go blast you don't wanna die for this pig ally i plan for 15 years to kill this man Joaquin: and i'll have to be the one to fuck up your plans it's on; they set it off my crew bare arms everybody in the scope gets smoked tryin' to fuck with the don Sonny: fuck it. i'm going for broke let the gun smoke fill the room put jesus in his fuckin' tomb i'm mgoing for mine and he's going for his i'll piss on your grave and kill all your kids fuck all of you The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Cypress Hill Album: Cypress Hill IV Song: Looking Through the Eye of a Pig Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [B-Real] I wake up every morning, kiss my wife goodbye Hug my kids, tell 'em I love 'em, I'm out, hit the ride I'm out on patrol, in my squad car, do I lay Where you never know, if you'll be makin it home today So many different attitudes, that I come across I'm hardened and scarred tonight, feeling nobody's loss Hookers hustlers killers and thieves, out on the streets Got my mind warped, just found another corpse on the beat Bound gagged raped, I'm frustrated, I hate it Found a woman in the dumpster, body was mutilated Bad dreams all up in my head, no lie Sometimes I gotta take a sniff so I can get by, why don't I get hurt, cause there go my nerves, I got the urge to merge this bullet in my brain, relieve my pain What a fuckin shame, I don't wanna live, or paint the wall with the bloodstains, eye of the pig, I see it all The eye of the pig * DJ Muggs cuts and scratches 'This pig' from _Pigs_ * I've been on the force, over twenty years, I can say that I'm worse, than some of these motherfuckers I put away I'm in the biggest gang you ever saw, above the law Lookin through the eye of the pig, I see it all Drug abusers, drug dealers and the gang-bangin Pieces of shit who should be on the fuckin noose hangin These days you can't tell who's-who in the world Is that a whore, or is that, an innocent young girl? Fuck, I need a drink, and I'm almost off At the precinct, it's like an AA meeting all gone wrong I.A. got an eye, on my close friend guy for takin a supply from evidence from a bust on a buy That doesn't concern me, we never rat on each other We went through the academy, just like frat brothers Midnight, I only have an hour left on my shift Think I'll get my dick SUCKED by this basshead bitch My marriage is all FUCKED, my wife is with the neighbors Subpeonaed, now I gotta sign these fuckin divorce papers I recall, happier times, before the fall Lookin through the eye of the pig, I see it all {... long interlude ...} Now I'm on my way, back to the station to check out So I can go home, relax, take a drink and think about my abrupt change, out of the clean, to the corrupt Lookin through the eye of the pig, I'm all fucked No longer can I determine, who's the criminal from the innocent man down, to the pedophile No one gives a fuck about me, I'm slippin into darkness, I'm comin to grips and feelin heartless What's this? A dark green truck, tinted windows Duly modified, probably a dope dealer inside "Pull it over to the curb, take your keys out of the ignition..." .. and raise your hands out the window and get em in high position Don't move, or I'm gonna blast your fuckin head off Just tell me where the guns and dope are and you'll get off Don't give me that bullshit, I've heard about your raps All you talkin about is slangin and shootin off the scraps OK, Mr. Freeload, get the FUCK out of the truck I love it how all you fuckin rappers think it's so funny Hit the FUCKIN floor, I need no probable cause You got a big sack of coke in your truck (what?) so take a pause You find it funny? Get that smile off your face Motherfucker take this  {*beatdown ensues as words fade*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Cypress Hill Album: Cypress Hill IV Song: Checkmate Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Sen Dog] Bout to mash these niggaz man Don't come in my backyard motherfucker Hahaha, B-Real and the DOG, motherfucker! Ha! Yeah Here we go y'all, that's the nigga head dog Lunatic smokin loops, loose in your sector Got my eye on em, on the apparatus like a bone to a dog, yea you know I gotta have it Anywhere you get it shit, and I'ma grab it Turn around stares to your face and I jab it Drop you, like one of those ill bad habits Hunt you, like a hillbilly huntin a rabbit Cuttin niggaz up like Muggs on the wheels for reals, penetentiary steel Pull heads to bed from the choke of a headlock Fadin baldheads to perms, even dreadlocks BWOY, rudebwoy with me style I can get foul or wild, or just cool for a while Chorus: B-Real, Sen Dog (Checkmate fool!) Hang em high Got the live shit, bang em whenever you/he wanna try Shoot to thrill, be at the Hill, I/we take em all (Checkmate fool!) Wherever the pawns fall * repeat 2X * [B-Real] Look look punk, every way you get shook To the pawn, takin out the rook, off of the book Lights get tooken, taken you for Satan You can't breathe, no need to look up and see me The last hope, when you mellow you call whoever For the hype shit, you call the Hill, put it together Runnin this game, bringin the same, raw shit Over the hills, through the city we come equipped to the letter, keepin your temperature down low What I reveal, the good shit to heal all souls Makin you roll late night, you trippin, my game's tight To the new shit I bring, never the same hype so PUSH THAT SHIT OFF, get up, don't let off No matter how much blood you spit up You could never be, fuckin with Greenthumb The outcome's specific, you spliff it, collapsed lung We hit hard, breakin your guard, you can't tell when the bells ring, bustin your shell, the pawn fell Chorus (Peek-a-Boo, you fuck you!) [Sen Dog] I'ma freak that funk yea slam it in the trunk I'ma kill all junk with the suicide clunk Ain't nobody came my way, talkin bout the Westside of L.A., so whatever punk-ass click you claim, you keep bumpin that shit and elevate your frame, cause I want that big-time, asshole, studio gangsta Worth a lot of shit, but that's not the main factor [B-Real] My nigga Sen's rollin again, remember when we rocked shows, battlin foes, the time's been long Strong with the styles, you ain't hear to win Like blood pourin out of the pen, the ink stains Slim chance if it gets in your brain, the hot flash got you heated with repeated attacks over the tracks Smack niggaz up, back niggaz up, hack niggaz up Jack niggaz up, hangin the wack niggaz up Snowball effect, we rollin the city limits Crushin the bitch-ass niggaz with all the gimmicks Chorus [Sen Dog] Checkmate fool! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Cypress Hill Album: Cypress Hill IV Song: From the Window of my Room Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [B-Real] Now lately I've been findin myself, pourin my guts out Expressin my thoughts, lettin my nuts out in the walls of sleep, I can't keep it all in the hall clear While others keep it inside for the pride they hold dear Shoulda been, woulda been, coulda been the cops Stop look and listen, you'll get a vision of hip-hop Individuals lookin to the battle the shadows of man See it all, be it all, you need a plan It takes one man to understand this Learn fuckin with a deadly gas, you get burned From the window of my room, I shoot all stars Every little bit you consume, the high cost of living it's all given to you, don't lose it Every man's given a tool, but don't use it Chorus: B-Real From the window of my room, I shoot all stars Every little bit you consume, the high cost Break free, you're selling your soul, for a fee But all that shit ain't worth it, you burnin up see the window of my room, I shoot all stars Every little bit you consume, is high cost Break free, you're selling your soul, for a fee But all that shit ain't worth it, you burnin up see [B-Real] From the window of my room, the gloom spreadin across the land of milk and honey, no money to feed the boss Funny the cost of life, cut clean blood streams out the body, nobody wants you dreamin about shorty No longer don't need a 40 to take away any pain So punk me and I'll give you the world exact change or quote me and you're never the same, I claim no one I show none the weakness individuals go forth ya seek this Wherever I roam is home to me You Shogun, look at my enemies try to do me The influential status, you know the baddest Lookie here, show you what that is, bringin the madness Sadness to those appealin to any conflict Lookin out my window pane, I see you fallin What are you a man or a mouse, the house light shinin within, that's when you begin to live again Chorus [Sen Dog] From my window I can see Humanity, goin insane G Everybody want respect, but you gotta collect Only hardcore vatos on the set Don't get me wrong but some rhymes get twisted There it goes, the pride, you missed it I ain't upset with the motherfucker dissin Find me in Watts when you wanna come hit me Some shit ain't what it seems, in the land of dreams Some sell their soul to get the cream From the teens I don't sling or slang no crack I'm known for bringin in funky ass raps See those magazine crews and I'm a goner Dull interviews with these damn primadonnas Unlike some of these fools on the turf Look like the real thing, but they soft like Nerfs So unrehearsed that it shows in the product Need to get the fuck out, before you get caught up Chorus The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Cypress Hill f/ MC Eiht Album: Cypress Hill IV Song: Prelude to a Come Up Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [MC Eiht] Geeyeah, Soul Assassins two times, stick em! Geeyeah, Cypress Hill three times, come on! Geeyeah.. Infiltration be our daily operation for chasin Cross the seven seas eased, clockin much conversation Penetration, you know we gets busy, no hesitation Greenery, hand-picked, from my own plantation Feels the heat, under the som-brero to any amigo that's tryin to, stop the dineros Chills with, senoritas, like charro Get drunk off tequila lay low til tomorrow Follow, my flow, get the cash and go Call my homey B-Rizzy in Mexico City Loose lips sink ships, faker faces got guilt Didn't mean to call you late, I need a hideout til.. cool, homey, I'll bring some fuckin skunk The homey smuggle me across lines in a trunk Just like a bird I'm free, in a land with no fuckin extradition treaty, I'm out, geyeah "Shit is real on the motherfuckin Hill God" (2X) 	"With the crew from off the Hill" [B-Real] B-Really killin the Phillie now can you feel me from the  Soul Assassin committee, the shitty niggaz never thrill me You silly bitches never respect, neglect money You funny or broke, think it's a joke, your nose is runny Got my main man, Mr. Rocho kickin the vocals from the Eastside, where it's loco sellin the poco From the two G's, breakin the leaves of cheese, makin the bacon You hear it sizzle got your hands ready for the takin Evading the pigs, raiding my crib, I'm mad lib and I wanna live and I'm givin the message droppin the lesson Flippin shit, and I'm keepin em guessin they all stressin Hit the lullaby, no confession, we in session "Shit is real on the motherfuckin Hill God" (4X) 	"With the crew from off the Hill" [MC Eiht] We's beez the three amigos, skates with nickel plates under the seat and we goes East Coast/West Coast, anybody killer! Soul Assassins gets the cash and smash *vroom* Who spits the Glocks like uno and dos? Makin your body dissapear like a ghost One time's tryin to gaffle me, harassin me tryin to send me to the penetentiary [B-Real] In the nighttime, niggaz are creepin you fuckin sleepin And the beat, just keeps on seepin into the street While you peakin I'm meetin and greetin the people speakin and leadin the motherfuckers who's seekin to catch, ruckus Meaning you suckers no-luckers overdub us, nut hug us You love us, you can't stop, these mad audio hustlers "Shit is real on the motherfuckin Hill God" (5X) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Cypress Hill Album: Cypress Hill IV Song: Riot Starter Typed by: eqis@aol.com, OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [TV Reporter 1] "We understand all of the officers in the Central Division  have been ordered to wear their helmets and basically  to get into riot gear" [TV Reporter 2] "OK, we have uh trouble breaking out here right now  Tensions are building  Uh, the police have just wrestled a couple of people to the ground" 	("...Police in riot gear...") "The police are, uh, forming a long line now..." [B-Real] In the year of ninety-eight, you can't wait Niggaz been waitin on our release date I know how to pick em up, stick em up Everybody go crazy while I'm fuckin shit up Who's on the floor, while the beats break Hey ? feelin to catch a vibe, you buyin an e-ticket to the unknown, hilltop feelin a lot drop You gotta get the fuck out of the spot Hear no, speak no, see no, but we know Good reigns over evil, how it be though I'm doing it my way, like Carlito Taking over the whole scene, a bad dude, so Bring yourself off up the ground, start it up Break it up, shake it up. you better be wakin up Riot....Starter Riot....Starter Come on [Sen Dog] "Yeah...move it to the side  Cypress Hill coming through once again  Check this out, this is for ninety-eight, nine-nine  Forever baby, come again now!" [B-Real] People like talkin, but can't walk a mile Puttin you down, but they can't bite a style I start the riot up, fire it up Watch the roof cave in, while I'm lightin the shit up You want some more, fanatical, rhyme animal Slammin your head, bangin the wall, it's all mechanical Hear no, speak no, see no, but we know Don't even try to breathe though, an amigo don't move unless you feelin the whole move Like a bomb, gonna blow, I'm killin the whole room Still no real souls, heal those through real shows Broken, how your grill goes, you feel those Then I pealed those off of the wall who got bombed Cypress Hill reignin supreme, we stand tall People never answer their call, they fall slow When the riot starts feelin the boom, you better roll Riot...Starter Riot...Starter Riot...Starter Riot...Starter Come on [Sen Dog] "Yo, get the fuck up out the stage  We gonna tear the roof up off this motherfucker  Yo, move the fuck out kid  We gonna tear this shit up  Hit that breakdown, homie!" [B-Real] Look at all the pigs they can't hold me down Riot gear on, they fiendin to get clowned Watch as I throw my weight, they hesitate while I'm circulatin the flow, movin through every state Stay calm, play on, be gone, the teflon No delay on the mission, I breathe calm Who's gonna be the thrilla when I'm gone Makin the scrilla, Manilla, the Don Juan Seek low, need no, info, the weed codes Don't even try to think though, I'm a kilo Dope shit, my position remains firm Fuckin your head up, take a sip, eat the worm Let it burn, up in your stomach, you never learn from it When the stoned of Soul comin to return Riot...Starter Riot...Starter Riot...Starter Riot...Starter Come on [Sen Dog] "Yo, get the fuck out of the way or get hurt man  You got to move motherfucker, you got to move  You gotta make shit happen  Yo, once again, this is Sen Dog  All the way from the Soul Assassins Laboratory  Somewhere, who the fuck knows where at, knahmsayin?  Big shout out, all the Soul Assassins across the country  Whereever you at, yo check this shit out  We comin hard baby, we bringin it live  We gonna burn that motherfucker down yo  Tryin to raise the roof, we wanna fuck it up  We wanna do whatever it is the fuck you call it  As long you get out the fuckin way, let Cypress come through  Woooorrrdd, yeah  We gonna call this one...the Riot, Starter!  We wanna see that shit, everybody say that shit  Riot Starteeerrrrr! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Cypress Hill f/ Barron Ricks Album: Cypress Hill IV Song: Audio X Typed by: eqis@aol.com, OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash "T-Minus 10, 9, 8, 7, 6.. 5, 4, 3, 2, 1.. zero!" (Blast off!) [B-Real] Come inside, hello everybody, welcome Think you better be ready for the battle when the shit goes down Cause we warring All you fuckin yellow comets runnin from the front line If anybody wanna get away hey I'll find your fuckin ass in due time Run and seek shelter but you never will escape Flippin over the gate, cause you can't wait to get your fuckin ass away But you're trapped, and there's no way out of this musrhroom cloud But you never wanna realize that I'm planted in your mind now Cypress Hill compound, you could hear the sound Let another motherfucker run up and I'll put your ass down (down) Then I'll peal from your cap the Cypress Hill star Quick look around, you can't hide You just might die right where you are Chorus: B-Real AUDIO X...We gonna your blow your head up (up) Synthetic flows, they gonna make you get up Give me any record and I'll flip it any style Niggaz can't help it, cause they bumpin the shit loud [Barron Ricks] Aiyyo whasup kid, feel the rush, glad you kept in touch With these niggaz who be puffin on the Dutch Bustin guns, lay back in the cut Can it be, it's just a dream when you're on your scene smokin the green Cause ain't shit never what you think it seem From the streets where life ain't cheap Cypress Hill, Soul Assassins, while you askin, "Who dat rappin?" We get all up inside your grill, with the skill Shoot to kill when it's time for action See you can't hide, from this homicide, that ain't no lie Better kiss that black ass goodbye when you try to play these wiseguys So who's complainin when we intensify the levels on the ryhme You better get ready for the battle when the shit goes down Because we are the wild Chorus [Barron Ricks] "Audio terrorists  Mic specialists  About to blow this  Blast off" [B-Real] Lookin in your eyes, I see your body bag figure Better be ready for the battle when the shit goes down Cause it's on nigga What you wanna do, you better pay close attention Let it be known, I control the zone beyond your comprehension Blunt session, you feel the tension begin to rise Fuck and feed him, if they can't take a joke and get high I'm feelin lye, in my lungs, what the deal bro? So many people wanna hit my joint but they never got none Imagine that bullshit, happens all the time Niggaz better start growin they own They cannot fuck with mine Give me any record and I'll flip it any style Beginners better run back to the lab and practice for a while Chorus [Barron Ricks] "This has been another AUDIO X explosive  Blast off!" The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Cypress Hill f/ Barron Ricks Album: Cypress Hill IV Song: Steel Magnolia Typed by: eqis@aol.com, OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Attendant: "That takes a fourteen shot clip    You expecting an army?" Serpico: "No....just the division" [Barron Ricks] "Yeah, once again, (that's right)  We about to attack this  (Harlem Inc, Murder Inc) Yeah  (Nicky Bond)  Jimmy Cagney type shit, Nicky Santoro  All my little short niggaz  Joe Pesci and all that shit like this yo" Fillin out the cards to your eulogy Murder that ass, send my regards to your family, fuck it That's what niggaz get for fuckin with this maniac depressive nigga with aggresion, Smith and Wesson, in his possession Harlem got me like that, too many grimy, slimy niggaz on the take For short cake, we won't hesistate I miss inhabitants who politic in residence for presidents Across 110th, to 55th My covenant is protected, I'm doministic Survival principles my ethics, eastern philosophy's my method Good samaritans need paremedics, so what's your premise I hope you fuckin with Glocks and fo' fifths Wrath's Napolean, so teach your origin, slash wrists Shatter chins, and bust clips Check it, "here is somethin you can't understand" Steel Magnolia [B-Real] I got the steel magnum, braggin, leavin my toe tagged As I get raggamuffin, no bluffin, the body bagged Breaks all your bad habits, bad blood fanatics Clean up the magic, chrome startin up static Greed means that you die quick, click the vision Greed lies anmbition, five slugs for the mission Seven cause you go to the heaven or hell and dwell to meet your maker, but you met the shotgun shell Buckshots sting like bees, I smoke trees on the hilltops, clubshops and chilling overseas Take in the breeze, Mr. Freeze squeeze the trigger Killa G's got you week in the knees, to take it ea-sy! [Barron Ricks] Steel Magnolia Magnificent guns bust when 'Uzi Weighs a Ton' And yo' Glock spits, consecutive rounds shot from clips spells murder, sound synonymous to burner Leave niggaz ass up, gaspin for air, front seats of truck So who the fuck want me to press on they luck, bastard they son When gats start to hum and whole crowds begin to run Annihilation, destroyin all expectations Have relatives embrace your Harlem hopital, we all patient 5 foot 6, concealed steel, pop more grip With fixed sights that drifted to right, triggers light So relinquish son, I'm to the finish, and you acknowledge Couldn't pop a clutch or light a skyrocket, nigga stop it! Steel Magnolia [B-Real] Steel Magnolia, bury ya, six niggaz carry ya To your final rest area What you worried though, you ain't above that with a slug And your chest beats, blowin out your back, take it easy To your eulogy, open heart surgery Emergency, 911, come in a hurry From the Hills to the Polo realms, stackin the bills I put you under my lo-lo, hit my switch, then kill A bitch nigga steppin on my toes, fuck foes and hoes Get stuck in the ass like Pete Rose I suppose you wanna get wild and throw blows, you chose to get you nose your broke, in a thick cloud of smoke You're like a fat joint, I'm takin a toke, I'm like coke But you ain't smilin, feelin erratic, a fuckin addict To the dope shit, you better hope the shit stop Smooth, holdin the Glock, rockin the hot shit [Barron Ricks] Steel Magnolia Steel Magnolia Steel Magnolia Steel Magnolia The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Cypress Hill f/ Barron Ricks Album: Cypress Hill IV Song: I Remember That Freak Bitch Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Aiy-yo! [B-Real] I remember that freak bitch, up in the clubs The Victoria's Secret, she give love No matter which way you keep it You'll get shoved out the picture, now peep it (You get the gloves bitch!) I used to know this girl that slanged the green shit Had it all goin on, but it didn't mean shit She wanted to be a star, with big cars and all the fame that came my way I gotta say that she was all that, and a bag of indo with no seed, such a delightful weed I wish she was still around but, no she's gone I guess she got blessed and she got put on Aiyyo I miss that girl, she had the bomb, was the bomb-diggy bomb bomb, and nope, I'm not Qu'ran Had all the holy books, and notes to get still I never met another dealer with that appeal With those electric eyes, hypnotized any wise man surprised, the queen of the lye [Barron Ricks] Bee eyes, bouncin five deep, clicked of innocence Hangin with friends, all under surveillance from the government While Don want tights they floss rights, just chewin on ice Meditatin with her camp, gettin damp She's a pimp or tile freak bitch, high maintenance She got her fuckin clit pierced, chained to her anus Professional for wettin niggaz up, suck em first til they bust, swallow nut, then she's quick to strut right out the projects, been a whore since ninety-one Suck a niggaz dick for fun, holdin guns in her buns Type of chick tell you 'fuck me in the ass' talkin shit While she goin WALLA-WALLA-WALLA-WALLA-WALLA on your dick [B-Real] I remember that freak bitch, up in the clubs The Victoria's Secret, she give love No matter which way you keep it You'll get shoved out the picture, now peep it (You get the gloves bitch!) Yeah since I seen the queen of green on the screen So I stepped up, to her screen door, like a dream or better yet like a fiend, who need a fix She wasn't like other chicks, pullin tricks on the scheme for chips She was like, Run-D.M.C., _Tougher Than Leather_ Raw bitch, but then she was soft like a feather Never again will I meet a woman of her nature SkyPager turned off, datin one of the Lakers Lucky-ass nigga with the jump shot He got that hot shit, all in his pocket on lock Damn I guess I'm jealous that another fella's got with her but her sister's, bangin too, what should I do? Fuck it I'll do like my nigga Smooth with the Princess Plantin my seed in the next Queen of Buddha Bless Fuck playin the second string, on the squad I'm blowin up, all in your face, word to God [Barron Ricks] Yeah I fucked her in the Hershey Tunnel, deep inside it made her pussy bubble, aiyyo she told me that it loves you I told her 'arch that back, let me see that ass' And then I kissed it, licked it, stuck my nose all in position You tell me baby listen, can't you see my fuckin dick is throbbin She started slobbin and gogglin, spittin burblin burpin it I told her 'just don't matter baby, just don't bite it' No hold barred, my dick was hard enough to dent a car, I stuck it in between to spread the Red Sea apart, the pussy fart was a motherfuckin work of art, she rode my dick just like a Kawasaki til the pussy started soundin sloppy like an old jalopy, time to nut Took off the condom slapped her on the butt, then I bust on her face in between her lips Then she started lickin it, cause it was good shit, protein! Hot and rich.. damn I got my shit freaky, Mr. Ricks [B-Real] I remember that freak bitch, up in the clubs The Victoria's Secret, she give love No matter which way you keep it You'll get shoved out the picture, now peep it (You get the glove bitch!) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Cypress Hill Album: Cypress Hill IV Song: (Goin' All Out) Nothin' to Lose Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [B-Real] I got nothin to lose, I'm goin all out The deuce never stop, I refuse to play by the rules Uptight, when you steppin into the night, right Pigs comin up and shinin the bright light Nothin better to do, than fuck with the pride when you hide behind your badge, your gun and ride Billy club show me no love, think you above all the fuss and the locs is rushin in too close Let me lay it on the table, forget stable Freak niggaz, comin to slay to the label You got nothin to lose, come on choose Stay away from niggaz that bring down your crew Whatever it takes, you make or break yourself with the wealth or the chance to stay in good health Sword blade swingin you back off away and the track off the real, straight off the Hill What the deal motherfucker? Chorus: B-Real, Sen Dog I got nothin to lose (I'm goin all out) Nothin to lose (You gonna fall out) Time run out (I'm goin all out) Nothin to lose (I'm goin all out) Lightin the fuse to the bomb (better run out) Nothin to lose (I'm goin all out) Nothin to lose (You gonna fall out) Time run out (I'm goin all out) Nothin to lose (I'm goin all out) Lightin the fuse to the bomb (better run out) [Sen Dog] I'm goin all out, showin y'all what I'm about Gettin in your mental, knockin niggaz out Takin this pencil, across the brain Ain't stoppin there til the rhymes all drained all out my system, take em, and then I twist em Put em out one day and see, who wanna diss em As you fold I'll sting ya, run up and you bitch up Y'all get the picture, just call Mr. Excitement Comin with the thunder and lightning Shit is quite frightening how niggaz keep biting So I keep the writing, down for the fighting Cold with the flows, they both quite exciting And let me take space up, heat your face up I'm goin all out, before the raise up Chorus Come on, come on [B-Real] I'm goin all out, nothin to lose, you better roll out Sold out, niggaz be livin in times run out In the present smell the prescence of what you stressin You get sent a lesson ain't missin the point blessin Expression, feelin the tension over the session The question, fillin your body with intention Don't mention the profession, keep adressin The real motherfuckers in the crowd pay attention I'm goin the fuck out, Smith and Wesson You better stall me out, no extension Only the strong will ever be settin the pace When you look up I'm gone and never left a trace No worries, set you with flurries and no juries Eight million stories in the city of furies Don't get the twist, you listen or get the fist I got nothin to lose so I gat fools with this Chorus [Sen Dog] Oh yeah, Cypress Hill massive once again Comin to your record shop Check this out, we ain't takin no prisoners We choppin heads off And you steppin at me, you better be goin all out baby This is war baby, from now until the new m-m-mm-mm-millelnium The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Cypress Hill f/ B Smooth Album: Cyrpress Hill IV Song: Tequila Sunrise Typed by: lordjazz@mobsters.com Intro: B-Real and Sen Dog B-Real: Mira joven... si busco a alguien, que mueva producto pero que lo mueva con madre... Sen Dog: Pos sabes que compa?... yo aqui, en el norte yo soy el que controla yo te lo puedo mover todo... 80, 100 varos a la semana te traemos toda la feria y limpio ese.. B-Real: Pues bueno, aqui tenemos un negocio... vamos hacer un bojitos... tomamos no?... del gusano... Sen Dog: Pa la salud! B-Real: Pa la salud!... primero yo... Sen Dog: Primero usted... B-Real: *grrrrrah!* B-Real and Sen Dog: *mexican yells* B-Real: 'hora 'hora... quien está?... Sen Dog: Cometelo! Verse One: B Smooth Word up, Tequila style... eat the worm motherfucker Tequila spice, hot nice Feeling right, sipping on Jose Cuervo Down in Tiajuana, Mexico Thinking of the big score the night before Met the connect, who was impressively dressed In high fabrics With troops like Babe Ruth, up on the mezzanine Brandishing sub-machine guns, aye-yo It's all about the money, son Now that's the only reason We came south of the border, to complete this work order We gotta get it, no looking back, going all out for it Ready to attack, die in a minute flat for it As God is my witness, we got ditches for all you motherfuckin fake bitches It all boils down to the business Nothing personal, when niggaz acting like they helping you I fuckin blast you like Frank Castle, motherfucker! Chorus Tequila Sunrise, bloodshot eyes Realize we're all born to die So get the money nigga! (repeat 2x) Verse Two: B-Real I never knew money like this, in the palm of my hand 'Til I met the man with mad hook-up, and big plan Every where you look'a, he got everybody shook up Running for cover, the big bad WOOF, motherfucker He was like a father figure, show me the bigger picture Fuck slangin' on the corner, don't let the pigs get you Not like these fools who don't comprehend You end up doing a twenty-five bid in the pen You got that? Getting your cup, I took a swig The bitter taste of the 'mezcal', free worm shit Droppin' a lesson, he slapped my face, he said listen Pay attention brotha, you're my ace, but don't ever question Just do what I say, and you'll be rich And keep this in your mind: rats lay in a ditch with no spine Don't ever forget that golden rule in the game Cheers, they all know your name, it's like fame Why, women and money don't mix, like drinking an' driving Watch those conniving women and keep your eye out Always be aware of what's around you They wanna down you, and fuckin clown you Keep your shit in order the money won't stop  Pretty soon you'll be on top Chorus Verse Three: B-Real Tequila Sunrise, with the bloodshot eyes My, my, my, how time flies and goes by surprise My mentor passed on and passed a warn to me, emergency For my enemies who wanna murder me Eat the worm, motherfucker, while you burn, motherfucker Better kill me, don't let me return, motherfucker Trust no man, cause I'll be back, you understand? With a plan, and my ace in hand, I want it all I recall the words from Jesus, you are the Juice Better go get it, don't let it get to your head, embed it Let these words stick, you better be ready to die Now take a fucking sip, caution it, but I never lie Chorus (music outro) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Cypress Hill Album: Cypress Hill IV Song: Dead Men Tell No Tales Typed by: eqis@aol.com, OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [B-Real] Pam Pa Ra Ra (4x) Any die, if the beholder the soldier begins to bore Four score, seven bullets (Yeah hit the floor nigga!) Take you outdoor, darkness frightens you even more I'm here to enlighten you, with the hardcore Bring it raw, like the red, dead meat, in your plate And I'll fill you up with the energy the Hill create I gets sticky, like a green bag of the bomb diggy Now I'm fuckin with your head, and you realize that it's tricky Got you paranoid, feeling the void, you can't take it The reward bein destroyed, freakazoid toy With ya mind, all styles deployed, you find danger in the stranger's eye, the killin comes second nature Your battle filled up the mind it's fallin out, hear you callin out for help, and all the fuckin yellin to is yourself Crawlin and beggin for mercy means nothing when you bluffin I'm pushin the button and straight dumpin on fools frontin  [Sen Dog] Boo-yah!... come on, motherfucker [B-Real] Pam Pa Ra Ra (4x) WAR pigs, you dig, see kickin out Mr. Big Take a sip of wine, engage in a battle of the mind (Checkmate motherfucker!)  You feelin the force, meant for remorse, right from the source Your head is, gettin fucked and I'm skippin the intercourse Behold, the Mic Horse, you're takin a loss nigga Got the Nina Ross, don't need no cross, my fuckin paper chaser green bag gladiator, terminator weed germaniator The greater the risk you fuckin hater Hit you with the pyscho beta, clickin the fader slow with the Hi-Lo, servin the blow, who got the glow Dead men tale no tales, you fail to see the reason I'm easing to squeeze the trigger, go figure, it's killin season [Sen Dog] Nighty-night, mothafucka [B-Real] Pam Pa Ra Ra (7x) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Cypress Hill f/ Barron Ricks, Chace Infinite Album: Cypress Hill IV Song: Feature Presentation Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Barron Ricks] My flows most beneficent, most merciful, outrageous for wages, vibrate niggaz heads like pagers Too hard to handle son, we animals, biohazardous Ghetto evangelist, lyric distortions, abortions of fortune shit, shittin on your ASR-10 Sequence Fuckin up the disc These be the words blow niggaz acoustic nerves when I swerve I'm bustin adjectives and verbs at curves Hear the thunder then I melt the frozen tundra, sank Titanics Crack solid granite, initiate global panic Harlem got me branded, rhythms jingle like bricks These niggaz face it or face off, give up or break North My lines petrify your mind's third eye, when I'm high I pull the trey in your insides, I strike blindside Rip inside, my syllables simmer for every criminal in prison whose an individual lose that struggle My stories burst niggaz bubbles, make new niggaz mumble Ready to shed blood up in the jungles Aiyyo we livin it, magnficent Cypress, worldwide! [B-Real] I take the micraphone cord, use it as a rope to hang all the weak rappers for leavin the bullshit they wrote Counterfeit fools all in the pot, let em boil When we go platinum they go, aluminum foil The worldwide clicks and the parties with no parties Cause niggaz'll get you quickly like the skin off a blunt when they get burned and smoked, put out and used up Niggaz don't know how to act when they lit the fuse up Abuse them up, usin the nut, I'm usin buck Fearin of the shit, that's covered the script, deliver cuts Cypress Hill, Soul Asassins, all up in the club Showin love to everyone of you real niggaz Cause the hip-hop's pumpin through the blood in my veins like a junkie, fuckin with 'ron and cocaine Slay you both down, better hold down or get clowned by the world renowned, Cypress compound! [Chace Infinite] Heavy artillery rap niggaz attack from both sides of the map, leave you flat on your back, my thoughts dwell in the dark black abyss, Chace Infinite kicks rhymes over rhythm and spit hot flame from his lips I represent, the cream of the earth, bless his birth My order in the elements in the universe My mental enter your physical frame, penetrate like pushin your face straight through a window pane with twenty bars, I'm sinister God, administer pain to your paragraph it ain't hard, see I studied the life-science for years in this, doin songs with my indigineous peers n shit, hit you with the omnipotent gland The benficient stare, write a rhyme to shine light in your ear, don't make a move that'll end your career Stand clear, I stand firm on solid ground Pump Blood Sweat and Tears, verbal architect, engineer Shiftin your ear, to Cypress Hill, you wack niggaz caps is peeled, the scientific Soul Asassin We dominate tracks and thrash in the front lines Soldier ready for action, rapid fire rappin The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Cypress Hill Album: Cypress Hill IV Song: Dr. Greenthumb Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [a short skit opens the beginning of the song] Hello, I'm Dr. Greenthumb Have you ever had the problem of running out of weed and just can't find some anywhere? Well try my Dr. Greenthumb grow tips I'll show you how to grow inside and out From seed to clone, and the best homegrown And if you're afraid of those pesky pork choppers in the sky No worries, we'll fix them too with one of our Dr. Greenthumb 'Sizzlean' screens to block the nosy pig's vision Don't believe me? Just ask one of my many satisfied clients here Jed Sanders how well it works 	Hyuh, hyuh, hello mah name is Jaid 	And ahm a farmer and I've been growin 	mary-jah-wana fer about twenty years and uhh 	uhh, with Dr. Greenthumb's 'Sizzlean' screen 	I don't hafta point my shotgun 	at them pesky porkers no more 	Thanks Dr. Green, you're tha shit Yes, Dr. Greenthumb's got it all, I guarantee it Try my book and you'll have the chronic in no time *lighter flicks* Dial 1-800-713-GROW *inhaling noise* That's 1-800 *cough cough* *inhale* *lighter flicks* 713 *cough cough* G *inhale* R *inhale* O-W "Hello Dr. Greenthumb, paging Dr. Greenthumb!" [B-Real] Hello my name is Dr. Greenthumb I'd like to tell you just where I'm from In the hills where the trees grow wild with weed fields The fucking pigs with shields holding the blue steels Greenhouse effect with the weed connect (Doctor) DEA can't keep Greenthumb in check (Doctor!) HPS, God Bless the whole crop Please God, don't let me see no cops Trunkload, ready to hit the highway Don't let the eye in the sky fly my way or we gonna have big trouble, that's no shit Can't be growin without no permit but fuck that, I study the 215 trip That way when they come they can suck my dick Weed can't grow without attention Hello my name is Dr. Greenthumb Chorus:  [B-Real] Hello my name is Dr. Greenthumb [SenDog] Hello my name is Dr. Greenthumb! [B-Real] I'd like to tell you just where I'm from [SenDog] Hello my name is Dr. Greenthumb [B-Real] Hello my name is Dr. Greenthumb [SenDog] Hello my name is Dr. Greenthumb! [B-Real] I'd like to tell you just where I'm from [SenDog] Aiyyo Dr. Greenthumb, come on back one time! [B-Real] People can't live without the herb man If not they'd be drinkin and drivin and swervin but thanks to Dr. Greenthumb weed grow in the backyard or inside with hydro To the cush plant brushin a tangerine dream Tasty, blowin a fuckin smokescreen Cycles of weed are constantly grown Somebody give me the razor to cut groves I'd like to stop, but it feels so good Horny plants stinkin up my whole neighborhood Sticky angel, I wanna leave it alone but never ever ever gotta worry from my home What that funny sound knockin at the door (Open up it's the DEA!) Sorry Greenthumb can't talk no more Please don't follow me into the sun Hello my name is Dr. Greenthumb Chorus 1/2 [B-Real] Out from the lab, no need for rehab If I can't drive then call me a cab (ese!) In my closet the weed is dried out Like Eiht said, ain't no place to hide out I don't wanna buy no weed from no cop Get knocked up and they close up my shop That's why I buy no weed from no one That's why they call me Dr. Greenthumb The scientifical, mystical one Growin my crops with the rays of the sun Come one come all and see how it's done If you see the pigs there's no need to run Cause some of these pigs are down with Greenthumb But you never know what be the outcome You see the photo in the album The weed is growin like my erection Look I never told you where I was from Some call me Real, but I'm Dr. Greenthumb Chorus 	Dr. Greenthumb 	Doctor, your Bulova plant needs special tending to 	Doctor, we need more oxygen we need more CO2 	Doctor, Dr. Greenthumb you're needed 	Doctor, dahyahahahhh... Doctor The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Cypress Hill Album: Cypress Hill IV Song: 16 Men Till There's No Men Left Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Ladies and gentlemen We would like to present to you a group that is simply just marvelous, just marvelous Ladies and gentlemen, Cypress, Hill [B-Real] 16 men on a dead man's list [SenDog] Yo-ho-ho and a bag of indo! [B-Real] 16 men till there's no one left [SenDog] Yo-ho-ho and a bag of indo! Verse One: B-Real So many fuckin emcees claim supremacy on whose got hip-hop locked, it could never be one who is solo, runnin the whole game That's bullshit, like cops never sniffed cocaine But I'm taking on all comers, droppin bombers Reducin numbers, makin it hot like the summer This, one emcee he couldn't deal with the skill Like Jack did Jill, I rolled his ass down the Hill Beaten broken and coughin and chokin on the rhyme like a hooker, suckin a dick for the first time His, rhyme was hollow with no flow to follow Bust a nut, all in your mouth, and made him swollow I take 16 emcees, lock em in a room Make em feel the contact, eatin the mushrooms Playin with your mind, makin you feel the Force Had to cancel out, two punk niggaz up in The Source Tried to get XXL, they still fell Bitches go tell your troubles to Montel [B-Real] 16 men now there's 13 left [SenDog] Yo-ho-ho and a bag of indo! [B-Real] 16 men now there's 13 left [SenDog] Yo-ho-ho and a bag of indo! Verse Two: B-Real I'm trippin on the people controllin the airwaves Got it goin on, you know it all, but God save your ass for clashin with the Soul Assassin That's like Mike fuckin with Poppa Joe Jackson Ass-whoop all over the place, you can't hide behind the physical, better run to the spiritual Ass-whoop critical, or you can get it from the lyrical, bitch-made niggaz are invisible Dysfunctional, hypocritical, smile in your face The fuckin cynical shit brains As I sit back and say, TALLY-HO! One of these days your punk ass gonna go Guess you had a key to figure the fuckin flow but you're locked out, and the bomb's about to blow [B-Real] 16 men let me see who's next [SenDog] Yo-ho-ho and a bag of indo! [B-Real] 16 men till there's no one left [SenDog] Yo-ho-ho and a bag of indo! Verse Three: B-Real Twelve punks to go, who's next on the list Matter of fact I got one in my head to fix There was one particular fool in the circle who fell off Greed overcame the nigga who at all costs changed up to gain it all, but shared none Who made him all the money to overcome? Niggaz up on the Hill, in the lab He was rollin big balla style, high profile Oh child, make me wanna act juvenile All smiles, right in my face, but wait a minute now Welcome to the 360, degrees Pay a fee when you fuckin your people over the cheese No soul, no conscience, no loyalty to the niggaz who got him treated, like royalty Aiyyo time's up, you're gonna end up seein visions of everybody, you fucked over, you're Scared Sober [B-Real] 16 men till there's no one left [SenDog] Yo-ho-ho them niggaz has gotta go [B-Real] 16 men till there's no one left [SenDog] Yo-ho-ho them niggaz has gotta go Verse Four: B-Real Fuck the hater with the symbol and no soul And that bitch nigga who stole my car stereo Trick Deez, gets no love, she gets nuts like Ass Miller, and that fuckin ex-dealer Can't forget the nigga who was down with the Hill-a And that punk who tried to dip into the squealer You get bucked like C. Tucker and Will Bennett Let me step, over the hump, and represent it You go down like Jerry, and get smacked like Trick Leo, now here's your fuckin eulogy-o! [B-Real] That was 16 men now there's no one left [SenDog] Yo-ho-ho and a bag of indo [B-Real] 16 men now there's no one left [SenDog] Yo-ho-ho and a bag of indo The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Cypress Hill Album: Cypress Hill IV Song: High Times Typed by: compuwiz@ptsi.net Now this some baaad weeed... B'Real: The very first time I hit the weed I was young Coughin up a lung, high strung, back in '81 Goin to school, hittin the buddah behind the bleachers Comin to class high, sellin the lye to the teachers Nickel bag, nickel bag, dime to a nickel Sellin joints to the honeys suck it like an icicle Others wanted the 40 but I wanted the weed While everybody was runnin out, I was plantin my seeds Homegrown, backyard boogie, I'm still stoned Got my weed plants taller than your telephone's corner I can remember when I could only get sess in those days Now I'm rockin that chocolate thai, skunk and the haze Roll a fat one, pass it to the left don't front But I hate it when they don't take the seeds out the blunt A bunch of blunt-rollers are like rookies on the field Spillin the weed plant fuckin dookies with no skill I should write a book, how to roll it then pass it Light it, grow it, sell it and then divide it Mr. Greenthumb, Dr. Weed, I proceed to give the herb man what they need True indeed, blow your fuckin smoke up in the sky And get high with your bong or your philly or dutchess give me a light Chorus: Grab the weed up, pack it in, put it in the pipe Light it up, smoke a bowl, we puffin the lye right Put your finger on the hole and hold it in brother Take a puff, that's enough, and pass it to another Get the weed sack, smoke it up, til it's all gone No roaches up in the ashtray, smoke up all the bomb I usta spend money but now I'm growin the crops But I hate it when the pigs throw a raid on the spot It was once said I smoke so much weed, by a brother That I look like the nigga on the zig-zag cover Maybe I usta look like that way back when When my nigga Sen Dog was around sippin on the Hen Let the fly rhymes smother you with the scent of the skunk We got the High Times cover shows you how to roll a blunt Quarter pound, quarter pound, pound to a quarter Makin trips to Mexico runnin down to the border Long hairs, bald heads, dreads and punk rocks Kids of all colors be puffin it down the block I got the weed on lock with all the hydro methods Call me Puffy cause I makin and takin a hit record Blow your fuckin smoke up in the sky and get high With the bong, philly or dutchess, give me the light Chorus The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Cypress Hill Album: Cypress Hill IV Song: Clash Of The Titans Typed by: Stiler@aol.com Zeus: "Make certain that no stone stands   That no creature crawls   I command you to let lose the last of the Titans" "It's time to strike!" [B-Real] Let the rain pour down from God above With the blood of my blade, no love, begin the flood Open the gates, let the battle begin, wherein With wind at our backs, ready for any attacks Sound the horns, prepare for war, begin the storm The flaming arrows hitting your body, keeping you warm With the uniform of my sworn enemies You raped and pillaged my city, and spread disease Feel the sword of the warrior's wrath, the path you take Can lead to the math that the master's break The clash of the titans, are you frightened of loss Fighting with the cause to free, you and yours, and God's law Look in the stars, aligned with sign and Mars Destruction, what's your function, you roll with God "Attention" 2x [B-Real] The soul of the master's elements, disaster Breaking ya faster, transmitting the broadcaster The blade swings, slashing your throat The vision's on the mission, seeking the note dropping the bomb, by remote Load up the cavalry's, no salaries, the keys The life's memories, strife bringing the thieves Cut the heads off, hide in the loft, don't even cough Or breath, pay the cost, moving your life's lost Let the spirit reunite, with your weapon, you wanna fight Hear the sound of the warriors stepping into the night The eye in the sky, looking to punish ya, never hide  No cover to shelter your life, the souls begin to rise And to clash "Attention" 2x [B-Real] God's enemies, fall in upon, the knees crawling Beheading the dead souls, who runaway from their calling Behold, the white horse, remorse, never the case Every corner of the world, the battle is taking place Let the war drum set the pace, you face fire Resume, from the Temple of Boom, and seek higher thought Maybe you live, or maybe not, the blade's hot Many renegades ready for battle, die on the spot With one shot, one whole city becomes rocked The clash rages on, people remain calm Good, bad, all in the balance, you going mad You can never tell, heaven or hell, the blood shed And it's all around, you can't run, sit in the cell When the war's over, the light will shine, covering the spell Celebrate now, put the blades to rest No wickedness, only the blessed will hold down "Attention"  "You creating hysteria" "Attention" 2x The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Cypress Hill  Album: Cypress Hill IV Song: Lightning Strikes Typed by: STILER@aol.com "Attention all personnel  The time has come!  Attention all personnel  Attention all personnel" "The world's famous  The world's famous  Cypress, Cypress Hill  The world's famous  Cypress Hill  Cypress Hill  Cypress, Cypress Hill  The world's famous  Cypress Hill  Cypress, Cypress Hill  The world's famous" "Attention all personnel  Attention all personnel" "The Soul Assassin button has now been activated" "The time has come!  Attention all personnel  Cypress, Cypress Hill  The time has come!" [Sen-Dog] Ain't taking, nobody back with me It's on till the end with anybody who want to hit me Ain't looking back, putting it all on the line Don't give a fuck, bring the rough one time And I think we should all get down and busy Say the four word and you spin until your dizzy Niggas say who is he, but I'm the ? fact Same fool that's watching, is the one who stabs your back So, make a plot, but yo, it's non-stop Knowing exactly who comes on the block Take no prisoners, put that in effect Get the name from your set, and tat it on your neck Let these know motherfuckers know who got next Southside represent, I be catching wreck And show your respect, when you step up to me son Don't imitate, cuz my style ain't in season Go back to the lab, upgrade the chump Get a new ? gun before you get dum dum [B-Real & Sen-Dog] Meltdown, taking you home, the unknown Countdown, hitting the ground, the seeds grown Downtown, deep in the alley, the dark night Get's slit up, when lightning strikes Get up! Meltdown, taking you home, the unknown Countdown, hitting the ground, the seeds grown Downtown, deep in the alley, the dark night Get's slit up, when lightning strikes Get up! [B-Real] Take a ride When lightning strikes, city lights are gleaming No sunshine, no California dreaming The demon is roaming on the loose, you got juice Up for abuse, when electric currents are induced ?, rock on, the brain waves What you clocking, I be dropping the bomb, you getting maimed The games you play, look up and say you want to change And rearrange, the strange, you never go the way Don't look back, forget that, you need that Just sit back, look at the show, and see that Display the raw power, black out Even the score, open the door, and break out Leave it alone, the unknown fury, blind rage Move aside, get wise and make the front page Center stage, you ?, and leave with Go suffer the pain, leave us alone, or be fixed The heart beat, pumping your blood, high pressure Look at you stuck in the mud, bring in the stretcher Strapped down, ready to roll, the god knows Tears coming down, the bucking, so ? slow [B-Real & Sen-Dog] Meltdown, taking you home, the unknown Countdown, hitting the ground, the seeds grown Downtown, hitting the alley, the dark night Get's slit up, when lightning strikes Get up! Meltdown, taking you home, the unknown Countdown, hitting the ground, the seeds grown Downtown, hitting the alley, the dark night Get's slit up, when lightning strikes Get up! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Cypress Hill Album: Los Grandes Exitos en Español Song: Yo Quiero Fumar (I Wanna Get High) Typed by: brycedastous@hotmail.com, OHHLA.com Chorus: repeat 4X Yo quiero fumar... mota [B-Real] Mucha gente me decia, que yo no podia Fumar marijuana por la policia Me vale madre el humo que hay por todo el aire Si tu quieres que me toque pues caele Soy el grifo mas escandaloso De Los Angeles Cypress peligroso Enciende el leño o la pipa Pasalo por mi clica la que rifa Mota rica, chipa chipa Quemando yesca, estoy arriba Es algo que yo hago diario Al despertar y tambien todo el dia en mi barrio Cuando me encuentres en cualquier lugar Saca papeles porque quiero fumar mota... Chorus: repeat 3X Yo quiero fumar... mota... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Cypress Hill	 Album: Los Grandes Éxitos en Español Song: Loco en el Coco  Typed by: OHHLA.com [B-Real] Para ese que se hace, pero nunca gana Tira ese jamón en la pala Y gana como rana, rana, estoy en la pista Me siento como el hijo que conquista No me hagas romperte fuerte La silla me tiene como General Electric Y las luces brillando, estoy pensando No es lo mismo cuando estoy tomando Ohh! mi mente despacio (despacio) Por eso yo no trago del 4.0 Brother dame la yerba Porque un negro como yo ta perdiendo la cabeza... Chorus x4: Medio loco en el coco... (Ido de la mente!) [Sen Dog] Hago lo mío por abajo, ahora en el tubo Para el voto, ponerse hasta más gordo Gordinflón en la dieta no te metas Te robo a ti como ladrón en la revuelta Lo mío tiene fuerza, te tiro en la tierra Con tu cara en el piso y tu cuerpo todo tuerca Duros, tienes algunos, pero, no a mí, yo soy número uno Pateo el estilo, de espiral del río Pero cara de payaso, nunca me río Con mi sería cara, te lo digo todo Un negro como yo se está volviendo loco... Chorus [B-Real] Como Louis tengo fuerza, toca trompeta Le pego a la pipa y aplasto tu cabeza Rápido, dame a mí mi lotería Policía, quiere coger lo que crecía Los puercos quieren soplar mi casa Pero estoy por abajo con mi grasa Pah se ponen bravos porque no estoy ahí Estoy en mi Cadillac, hace tiempo que me fui Soy el pirata, piloto del bote Cuando estoy alto como un papalote Corre de la luz de la chota Cree en lo que no ves, cree en la lota Mira, pero no te vuelvas loco Un negro como yo, ya perdió su coco... Chorus The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Cypress Hill Album: Los Grandes Exitos en Español Song: No Entiendes La Onda (How I Could Just Kill a Man) Typed by: OHHLA.com [Sen Dog] Esto es un poquito del poder del grupo Cypress Hill Sabes lo que te digo? Te voy a dar un poquito sabor Y empiezaaaaa assii!!... [B-Real] Hey corre ese, borrate Por que viene la hoota, siempre carga fusca Buscando a la mas filosa clicka La famosa Cypress Hill rifa Todos los vatos salen, estan en la calle Tirense cabrones, si me ven manejar Con los que me junto Con un Magnum quebrando unos putos Puro cholo loco empaca cromo Y te llenamos el saco de plomo Como te puedo hacer entender? (How I could just kill a man?)... Chorus x4: Como te puedo hacer entender? (How I could just kill a man?) [Sen Dog] No le pongo mente a estos pendejos No voy a gastar tiempo Yo te dejo, yo no doy hueco Mira, mis 2 cañones Tumbo los cabrones...!!! [B-Real] Traiganme la accion, yo les traigo a tragazon Mis palabras son ataques sin razon Va tu satelite vision Enseñaste un violenta ciclon Hago un ejemplo de todos los pendejos (Y te dejo todo chueco!!!) La chota entro a mi canton Un maton narco pistolon Cubrete guey! o te mato Porque siempre quiebra al mas macizo vato No quisiera matarlo, pero si lo hizo ... cuerpo en el piso (Te dejo todo chueco!!!) Chorus [B-Real] Chingon el tiempo para que te rinden Las misiones que estableci Empiece, me fumo yerba verde Aveces tumbo gente Vi que un maniaco queria tu carro Crees que la chota te va hacer un paro? No, creo que te vas a parar Y comenzar a cuetear, disparar Mueve puro fierro... Y te deja todo chueco... Como me vas a entender si balazos no te ha llovido? Entiendes lo que digo? Cuando ta de maton, cierro tu canton Por aqui se pone cabron Por el dinero, barrio peleonero Muchas veces robos dejan entierros... Chorus All I wanted was a Pepsi... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Cypress Hill Album: Los Grandes Éxitos en Español Song: Dr. Dedoverde (Dr. Greenthumb) Typed by: OHHLA.com [B-Real] Hola me dicen Dedoverde (hola!) Deja te explico de donde vine En los montes donde crece la yerba Practica doctor creciendo yesca Aunque ahi estan los puercos no parare Con conecta influencia yo seguire Bendito sea Dios por el zacate No dejes que la torta al rescate Cargame estoy listo para volar No me encuentran ni con radar No dejes que caiga el gobierno No hay negocio sin permiso Todo en la vida tiene riesgo Oye no te quemes en el fuego Esa es la vida vendiendo trigo Hola llego tu mejor amigo... Chorus: Hola me dicen Dedoverde (Hola me dicen Dedoverde) Deja te explico de donde vine (Hola me dicen Dedoverde) Hola me dicen Dedoverde (Hola me dicen Dedoverde) Deja te explico de donde vine (Oye doctor ven pa tras otra vez!) [B-Real] Mi gente no vive sin el bando Sino estuviera pedo chocando Gracias doctor lo estoy creciendo Dentro y afuera lo estoy logrando Su planta exquisita estoy fumando Planta exotica estoy asando Pasa el machete para cortar  Pasa la lumbre para quemar Estoy alto y no quiero bajar 40 plantas en mi vecindad Eso mi hermano es mi realidad Fumo nada mas si que es la calidad Cayo la ley estan tocando Namas los oigo y voy volando Pero nunca he parado de llevarlo Hola me dicen Dedoverde... Chorus [B-Real] Vengo a rehabilitarte Si no puedes conducir llama un taxi (taxi!) En mi closet la yerba seca Me da la fuerza como azteca No compro yerba de un puerco O sino dicen: Ven, te encierro Por eso la crezco yo mismo Por eso soy el doctor mas listo El místico, mejor dicho cientifico Creciendo lo mio con rayos del sol Prueben y veran que lo mio es lo mejor Si ven la poli, hasta luego (vamos!) Aunque algunos son amigos Nunca sabes cual tiene cuernos Mejor hay que hacer: Ahi nos vemos (vamos!) Me dicen a mi el verdadero Pero soy el mero mero (quien?) Nunca ultimo, pero primero... Chorus The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Cypress Hill Album: Los Grandes Exitos en Español Song: Latin Lingo Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Maagghhh, let's start the fuckin show, ah? [Sen Dog] Freak to the funk that no-one else is bringing Sen Dog with the funky bilenge Yeah thats the nombre, heard the homey Peace to Mellow and Frost en el deporte Sen Dog is not kid of veterano Im down, another fried hispano One of the many of the latin de este año And I got plenty for the Jennies tryin to hound dog But wait, they're clownin on me cause of my language I have to tell em straight up, its called Spanglish Now who's on the pinga tha gringo Tryin to get paid, from the funky bilingual Chorus: B-Real and Sen Dog Latin lingo baby (funky bilingual) funky bilingual Yeah, funky bilingual! Latin lingo baby (funky bilingual) funky bilingual It's the latin lingo! [Sen Dog] Cuando entro, when I come in, suckers fronted Me mira another bilingual from villa Vengo con un ejemplo, check the tiempo Ahhh... esta chingon el instrumento Ya oiste, como somos Yo no jodo, I gots the soul dose And you can hear it, en las congas Tribal ceremony as the Hill gets stronger Don't be such a leper, what u got for la cabeza? Hey homes, pass the cervaza Before I have to go and push up on your resa Hhhmm she's fine, son que fresca Here homes have a hit of this yesca Di yo enseño the leño lo prendo Now you know, that I am in the centro Where you live, si tu puedes Nowadays you ain't shit without your puentes Something like it's gangbang, vatos quieren BANG BANG! Could of hung out with them now you callin me a insane Salte de mi cara, sal de mi camino Make way, for the the funky bilingual Chorus: B-Real and Sen Dog Latin lingo baby (funky bilingual) funky bilingual Funky bilinguals hoe! Latin lingo baby (funky bilingual) funky bilingual It's the latin lingo, baby! Latin lingo baby (funky bilingual) funky bilingual Funky bilingual... Some of that old Latin funk, knowhatI'msayin? [Sen Dog] (What's up homey? Don't you know me?) Simon! (Ain't you the brother of the mas pingon?) Straight up And I'm down with La Raza Kid Frost got my back, BOO-YAA! in la casa Cause everyday things get a little crazier As I step to the microphone area First I claim my city, puro Los Angeles Yeah (you know homes) that's where the calles is Vato wouldn't know me, along with the heinas Catchin all them slippin, for they such a one-timer So when you see me at the party or the baile Before I got here I was gaffled in the calle Troop like a vacho who said I was baracho Had an attitude, tried to play me macho Just relax, calmado mijo Sen Dog with the funky bilingual Chorus: B-Real and Sen Dog Latin lingo baby, funky bilingual Funky bilingual Latin lingo baby, funky bilingual Funky bilingual Latin lingo baby, funky bilingual Funky bilingual... funky baby! Yeah, I'd like to send peace, to my homeboy B-Real Mellow Man Ace, Kid Frost, Ralph M the Mexican And we're out The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Cypress Hill Album: Los Grandes Exitos en Expañol Song: Puercos (Pigs) Typed by: OHHLA.com [B-Real] Este puerco se bajo con nosotros Este trabaja en la estacion Este mato a mi compa So el descarado se fue de vacacion Este puerco es el jefe Tengo un hermano Capitan O'Malley El tiene un hijo que es un puerco Y el colecta sobres en el sur de Cali... Ese puerco es un narco Asi es, polizon, talves otra cosa Este puerco es mariquita Son los otros puercos, les dicen mariposa Y ese otro puerco es buena gente El vota solo, nada le pasa Y este otro puerco come donas Mientras que alguien roba tu casa... Este puerco el se hace Y se cuando me ve no me aguanta Por que los puercos no les gusta cuando dice Eres un rapero del grupo que canta Este trabaja con la mafia Haciendo dinero de las drogas Pero a este puerquito lo cogieron So cuando llegue al bote le van a partir su boca Por que cunado llegue al bote No le van dar pa que se pueda protectar De un negro loco que el mismo Un dia trato de arrestar Ahora es tiempo de jamon y lechon Te sientes mal? el no tuvo decitina Para cogerlo y pagarle pa tras Todos los cocos a un cueste de una linea........ The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Cypress Hill Album: Los Grandes Exitos en Español Song: Marijuano Locos (Stoned Raiders) Typed by: OHHLA.com [Intro: Sen Dog] ... y que cabron... me vale... a huevo... Tonces pues, pa mi clicka digo La pura Cypress Hill clicka familia, pa que sebas Muero por mi clicka, me vale madre... Sabes que? es mi vale y mi sangre Por eso por siempre puro Cypress Locotes Pa que sepas...!! [B-Real] Uno pal cerro, ocho pal maton Siete pa tu muerte porque el sur es el mas chingon No dejo de cargar mi fusca Donde quiera que yo voy, porque me quieren quebrar Soy el vato mas conocido, nacido bandido Sere, no te metas conmigo Solo ven si quieres pleito Los putos nunca vienen nomas hablan detras De las espaldas, saco el cuete Porque hablas chingaderas? eh, se te acabo todo ese Un vato muere y si tu Quieres pedo con lo mismo quedaras en el atauld Di que te queda, la fusca te lleva A la muerte mas rapido si eres leva... Chorus x2: Una ves ese, Cypress Hill, que nos vas a hacer ah? [B-Real] Cypress Hill te arrebata feria, quita feria Viajando directo en avion a suramerica Respirando mariguana, a 12 mil pies me eleva A 40 mil, donde estamos? Aterrizando en un lago, escondido y alejado Directos al estadio, huyendo De lugar a lugar, destruyendo... Chorus [B-Real] Donde se que este es el que sigue, se enciende Pachele, parate y dile de cual eres Dejan a la clicka seria Quebran perros ustedes locos en miseria Seria mucho recivir Cromos en el pecho y me voy a morir Putos descancen en violencia Eternidad so no va a parar, ja! Chorus [Sen Dog] Pa que sepan cabrones, Cypress clicka El vato Muggs, B-Real, Sen Perro escandaloso Cartoon, Sick Jacken, el vato Duke Mellow Man, so vato cabron bum bum! Pa que sepan gueyes...... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Cypress Hill Album: Los Grandes Exitos en Español Song: Tu No Ajaunta (Checkmate) Typed by: OHHLA.com [Sen Dog] Ahi vamos caballero, ese el negro lo correcta No me llames policia porque nada te protecta Empina ese pie, persina mas un poquito Con el perro a hueso yo lo necesito Si estas a 5 pies de mi, yo te lo quito Pido la espalda, tas ahi? un payasito Te tumbo, como un control remado Te persigo y te sigo y te meto como un palo Juntando raperos como modos en la mesa Sopresa, te rompi la cabeza Te pongo a dormir, con abrazo de pescueso No me importa lo que tengo que hacer, yo hago queso Pasele, cuidado con mi estilo Te mato bien matado, ya dormi un ratico... Chorus x2: (Checkeame tu!) Te cuelgo alto Tenemos lo que suena, vente y te parto Tira la bala de la loma con la bomba (Checkeame tu!) Ten cuidado que no te rompa... [B-Real] Mira mira, ten cuidado, ponte en fila Matando raperos y quitandote la vida Me llevo la tuya, simple, no vales nada El ultimo imagen que ves, es mi cara Si quieres la bomba namas llamenme a mi Cypress Hill vive, siempre tamos aqui Corriendo el juego con el mismo fuego Quemando los demas, tirandolo en el hueco Ya despues que queme, yo bajo la llama Corre, escondete bajo la cama No te hagas bobo, mi juego apretado Listo, preparado, como un soldado Te corto tan malo tu madre ni te conoce A cuantos se lo hice? tengo mas que 12 No juegues conmigo, tengo dedo cuete Ten mucho cuidado o esta en la muerte Pego duro, tan duro que tu no sabes Cuando suene la campana eres uno de mis esclaves... Chorus [Sen Dog] Voy a patear (Uhh!) como un sonero Dame mi dinero, lo meto de mal empleo Y nadie ha venido a mi Hablando del oeste, largo de aqui So como quieras Y no me importa a que grupo tu perteneces No venga por aqui hablando tierra ese Como les tumbo pandilleros, se derriten como hielo Les gusta hablar mucho pero no tienen huevos... [B-Real] Mis negros estan en juego, no te recuerdas Haciendo los shows rapeando contra cualquiera Fuerte con estilo que gente ni sabia Mira que matamos a muchos ese dia No tenian chance, los desvaratamos Y hasta este dia todavia melozamos Vete pa tras, negro te doy patadas No vale na, dale con la mota Te rompo la quijada, estoy en tu ciudad Si tienes una esposa la dejo viuda... Chorus The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Cypress Hill Album: Los Grandes Exitos en Español Song: Ilusiones (Illusions) Typed by: OHHLA.com [B-Real] Hay mucha gente que me dice Que no valgo madre y no voy hacer Nada porque me critican Ahora tengo feria y ellos me envidian Chingan y piden siempre me siguen Y al mismo tiempo me dicen: No entendemos tu onda Con tu cuete, tu dinero y adicto a mota Yo nunca quise golpear a vatos Pero si me cruzas a mi yo te mato 6 pies bajo de la tierra Yo no miento es verdad Ese, quedaras como antes Solo me acuerdo cuando me asaltaste Clik clak, cuete esta cabron Me queria bajar la feria este ladron Pero no dejo que me maten Wa da da dang, wa dada daa dang... Chorus x2: Yo tengo ilusiones La confusion me esta volviendo loco Yo tengo ilusiones y tentaciones Sorviendome por dentro... [B-Real] Hay muchos vatos que me estan callendo mal Dicen que voy a caer y voy a quedar Torcido en el bote donde no salgo Quedo bien locote Un toque, fumo pa calmarme Me dejaron mi tiempo no pudieron darme Fue un error porque soltaron a un criminal ese Yo busco alguien parecido Algo como yo, que viva como vivo Caminando solo, a mi no me conoce nadie Pienso que deveras no valgo madre Un delinquente solo ves Y recuerdo que aqui han muerto mis carnales Quiero que paren esto Pero no voy a morir por mi propia mano... Chorus Yo tengo ilusiones... x4 The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Cypress Hill Album: Los Grandes Exitos en Español Song: Muevete (Make a Move) Typed by: OHHLA.com [B-Real] Quemando putos que se creen mazisos Dejando ceniza, tu no quieres ser la Victima de un ciclon Simon, tu sabes que soy el chingon Sacalos and muevelos ya Juras que soy el mejor Tu quedaras igual que los demas Esta alegandome, no lo trates Porque te pego asi como tus padres Has lo que te digo yo, si no (Pinche puto, vengo en control) Balas, ayy! no les importa quien muera Cuando estan en guerra Con que maten, un vato del otro lado Diferentes rumbos, cargan soldados Si la lluvia cae, pronto miraras Los huetos que hay (mueve tus cañones) Somos intocables, Cypress cero si Calla y si no cruces claro que vas a morir Grandes familias, mueren nunca Siempre filerosas como puntas De navajas, balas que cargas No te me brinques (ese no chingues!)... Chorus x2: Sacalos, muevelos ya! (Fierro muevelos!) Sacalos, muevelos ya! (Fierro muevelos!) Sacalos, muevelos ya! (Fierro muevelos!) Sacalos, muevelos ya! (Fierro muevelos!)... [B-Real] Putos vienen en todas medidas y clases Te agarro con el mecate, por el cuello pa colgarte Asi no puedes respirar, lo que necesita Es la mota que te voy a dar Como un muñeco, yo te controlo Con las mañas de maniaco Mi ejercito crece como mota La familia mas grande que la chota Ahora te ecuentro en panico Atrapado por mi clicka en el auto Nunca encuentran cuerpos que tiramos En lagos entierran evidencia y cae la miseria Muy tarde llegan a buscarte a ti Si me preguntan digo que yo no te vi Un miedo vive en tu mente Vente y deveras vas a conocer la muerte... Chorus Sacalos, sacalos, quiebralos y muevelos Sacalos, sacalos, quiebralos y muevelos Sacalos, sacalos, quiebralos y muevelos Sacalos, sacalos, quiebralos y muevelos... [B-Real] Dejenme pasar soy el que domina Cuando viene el pleito soy el que termina vidas 38 voy a cargar Buscando a levas que tengo que eliminar (Que onda pues, corres cuando me ves Por que sabes que controlo el 1 y 3) Y corto por la mitad quien me mire mal No puedes escapar, llegaste a tu final Sigo siendo el jefe Del cerro grande, Cypress Hill 213 El que se mete inmediatamente Va perder la mente a la muerce... Chorus The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Cypress Hill f/ Mellow Man Ace Album: Los Grandes Exitos en Español Song: No Pierdo Nada (Nothin' to Lose) Typed by: OHHLA.com [B-Real] No pierdes nada, te doy mi todo Juega con las reglas o si no te rompo Bien apretado estas en mi luz Si vienen los puercos te pongo en una cruz Nada que hacer nomas esconderte Entraste, tu pacas siendo tu viente Cuando conviene esto me da sabor Si estas en mi camino te enseño mi calor (ahh!) La pongo en la mesa laten las tijeras Raperos son esclavos de compañia disquera No puedes perder, nomas escoje Un grupo de matones que no son ladrones Has lo que tiene que ser y no te rompas Cuida la salud y comparte con las compas (compa) Ten cuidado, con la pista Si estas en la loma usa tu vista (vista) Que se cuenta? que soy cuento... Chorus x4: Te doy mi todo, no pierdo nada Pasa que ayer, el tiempo se acaba... [Sen Dog] Te doy mi todo, sabes como soy Me meto a tu cabeza, te destruyo hoy Agarro mi pluma la meto en tu cerebro No voy a parar hasta que quedes muerto Estoy en mi zona corro y te destuerco Pongo en un palo a cocinar, dia de puercos Yo soy el loco, agarro una foto Entiende la foto me importa poco Me llamo Sr. Trueno Tremendo Y no entiendo como sigue mordiendo Sigo escribiendo, yo me defiendo Mi rima y estilo son pingareños Tengo mi puesto, yo lo manifiesto Te doy mi todo y siempre te afecto... Chorus [Mellow Man Ace] Rompo pescuezo eso es lo que hago Estilo mafioso, te tiro en un lago Ay por Dios, Mellow Man que quieres mas? Esto es una guerra aqui no hay paz Represento, soy ejemplo De raperos en la casa que rompen campamento Ay quien puede con Mellow y Cypress Hill? Cuando saca esto va haber tremendo lio 3 cañones, somos 3 leones Quien quiere un pedacito, le parto los riñones Pzz pzz pzz! piñiazo en la frente Que nunca te entre, va pa ya mi gente Yo lo empece, Cypress lo siguio El mejor grupo de este siglo Date cuenta, no eres competicion Mordiste el estilo, so eres un ladron... Chorus The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Cypress Hill Album: Los Grandes Éxitos en Español  Song: Tequila (Tequila Sunrise) Typed by: OHHLA.com Sen Dog: Pa la salud! B-Real: Pa la salud... primero yo Sen Dog: Primero usted... *Ayygghh!* S-D & B-R: *grito mexicano* B-Real: Cometelo joven... Sen Dog: Cometelo jajaja!... [Sen Dog] Aquí estoy con mi barrio, listo a hacer feria Cartel Cypress Hill está en tu área Colectando queso allá en México Donde el sol quema duro y baja despacio Tengo mis camaradas y todo está bien  Tengo una mansión en tierra que mide cien Y todos se den cuenta vengo a hacer tranzas Con mucha libra aquí estoy pa La Raza Me ven en mi ranfla con todos los Hierro Cuidando mi negocio con todo mi perro No trates nada tengo mis soldados Espíritu asesino, vienen preparados Raperos desperados es nuestra tema El dicho de nosotros: Agarra la crema...! Chorus x2: Tequila Sunrise, con los ojos rojos Un día vamos a morir, escandaloso! [B-Real]  Nunca conocí dinero así, en mis manos Hasta que conocí un camarada como hermano No importa donde miro tiene a todos asustados Corriendo por cubre, con más que vende 'marrados Pero como un querieron me enseñó la foto grande Así vendiendo drogas jamás, nunca andes No como rateros que no entienden, no comprenden No pases años torcido con placas en tu frente ¿Entiendes? Me dio una copa y tomé, el sabor malo del gusano Mejame dándome lecciones Me cacheteó y dijo: Mira, eres mi mejor paisa pero nunca me miras Has lo que digo y te hago rico chico Ratas duermen en hoyos, no me cruces o te pico Que no se te olviden las reglas del juego Te van a conocer hasta que quemes en el fuego Mujeres falsas y dinero no va Como tomando, manejando, mi hermano te matarán Quédate alerto a lo que está alrededor Esas cosas que te dije van a ser tu matador Tenlo todo en orden la plata no va a parar Recuérdate de mi y siempre vas a ganar...  Chorus [B-real] Tequila Sunrise, Ayayay Tiempo vuela rápido, hijo y by surprise Mi vana se murió y a mí me dejó Capitán de las movidas aquí digo yo Trágate el gusano cabrón, soy el matón Si no me matas te mato a ti como un ladrón Confía en nadie, vengo pa trás Y jamás me cruces a mí porque yo tengo más Me recuerdo lo que dijo Jesús:  'Si quieres el dinero, paisa, tienes que ser primero' Que te peguen mis palabras, está listo pa morir A todo tiempo, porque si no vas a sufrir... Chorus The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Cypress Hill Album: Los Grandes Éxitos en Español Song: Tres Equis Typed by: OHHLA.com [Sen Dog]  Conozco una muchacha y ella es fina Tremendos cocos y tambien es linda A veces me la cojo en la cocina Esta muchacha me chupa la pinga Yo le dije dame tu bollo Me dice negro loco tu no eres mi novio A mi me importa un carajo A mi cuarto meterte un palo Por tu culo o por tu chocha Y ya tu sabes que no me importa Y ella me dice Senencito Yo pienso que tu eres bien rico Cuando me toca por mi frente Ya tu me tienes bien caliente Y cuando me tocas por detras Ya tu sabes sin parar Acabe de 'singar' y me levante Fui al baño y me bañe Sali del cuarto y me esperaba Con los ojos negros y bonita cara Me pongo mi camisa y mi pantalon Se rie y me dice: Negro sea dienton... Uhmmm... estaba fina Esta muchacha estaba tan pingada Hay! cuando se lo metí Cuando se lo metí, grito: Papi! Estaba del carajo duro esto No cuidate cuidate Nunca habia singao yo como singue esa vez Ah bueno.... estaba fina... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Cypress Hill f/ Fermín IV Caballero Album: Los Grandes Éxitos en Español Song: Siempre Peligroso Typed by: OHHLA.com [B-Real] Yo te meto en candela Prende las velas pa la pelea Cuando crees que tu ganas yo mato a quien sea Cypress Hill son asesinos Yo fumo mota con todos mis vecinos Abre tus ojos si tu quieres entender Yo te enseño todo porque tengo el poder Te llevo a la loma pa tirarte en el hueco Puto yo te mojo y me quedo bien seco Dios me perdona porque no estabas listo Tu sangre en el piso y Cypress Hill lo hizo... Chorus: Caminando por la calle siempre es peligroso (Siempre es peligroso!) Corriendo en el pleito mueren los mocosos (Mueren los mocosos!) [B-Real] Hijo no te pierdas porque voy a comenzar A quemar mis enemigos que me vienen a matar Yo no me escondo, tengo familia grande Si tu quieres un pedazo, sigue ven pa lante Puto... [Fermin IV] Ah... Mira... Una vez mas y por segunda ocasion El poder de la yerba abre la mente Y ahora en español mira ha! Ta ta ta ta taa!! Como el profesor Jirafalez dando su leccion Aqui estoy listo y preparado para la ocasion, mira! Mis instintos me van guiando, tropiezo menos Pues no doy ningun paso en falso, asi he representado Artillería Pesada presentando Fermin IV, capitan, piloto, aviador de la bala de plata Siempre cumplo lo que prometo Por eso ahora siento que voy creciendo sin miedo Agarro el microfono como el machete que va abriendo Los caminos y las veredas aqui en la tierra A 33 1/3 revoluciones me mantengo Ahora si! trantando de llevar el ritmo perfecto... Chorus [Sen Dog] Mi nombre es el Perro ggggrrraw!! cuando ladro No hay problema, cuando empiezo, te desmadro Si soy cubiche y so si tengo mi machete En la tronca de la ranfla y jeta de los cuetes Que tu le que, le que? ven pa ca yo te la quito La mando pa San Juan, encuentrala en Puerto Rico Te jodo chico, nada suave como rico Soy el pingu, tremendo peligroso tipo Cuidado con mis cañones, me roncan los cojones Dile al tipo de la estacion que limpia todas las maldiciones Empuja los botones, antes que tu la pones Mis palabras son el humo que te rompe los pulmones Hacer de que, hola, que se dice? que se cuenta? Vente compra el disco porque ahora esta a la venta Hay que pagar la renta, corre pa la tienda Y oye como Sen y el Machete representa... Chorus [Fermin IV] - this goes with the chorus Mira... Cypress Hill, diremos algo Pero nosotros, el Machete, aqui rondando Con los grandes, representando, mira ah ah! Desde Monterrey, el Cerro De La Silla Nos los llevamos a Los Angeles Colocando nadamas asi ah ah Transportamos por todos lados a donde vamos mira Ah el Control Machete ah Artilleria Pesada, ah Cypress Hill, Mellow Man Ace, mira ah ah AH! AH! AH!... Asi es............... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Cypress Hill Album: Skull & Bones  Song: Another Victory  Typed by: zaggy@dino.open.net.pl Get ready motherfuckers! You can't fuck with the [spanish]  Please no interruptions  Your crew pull up guns get waxed in the sun  Like my rag top six-five  Smash you with the switches  The hitch is, you're gettin too big for your britches  Why you runnin like bitches  With your tail up, I'm the thug pirate Put the sail up - your whole crew frail, what  You want this joint, suck it inhale nut  Niggas are feelin' this track in Braile, huh  We're grade A while you motherfuckers fail, what  You understand, immitators gotta bail up  To all the males and females gangin' up  All on my cell phone talkin' shit, hangin' up  I gotta show you how a nigga bang it up  Slangin' cuts  Chorus:  Your squad against mine  You're minor leagues with major Detail the plans like verse  Hit hard, catch you off guard  Another Victory  I slay rappers with precision  I got vision like Anakin  You panicin' I'm leavin you stiffer than a mannequin  My high lyrics constantly brain damagin'  Brandishin' a fire arm, still managin'  Hurt niggas, bandagin' who give my lyrics  That play like a mandalin  I hold my mic like my dick, but you handlin'  I kill flows on tracks who abandonin'  I eat you like pussy, then take a sample,  Then spit fire in the places you standin' in  I take a fool to the Hill  Light a candle then you in the dark stuck part in the scandalin'  Now I see your whole brain's scramblin'  Don't like what you hear, change the channel then nigga  Chorus  I spark cells of a rhythm  You best listen, get it over with  Stolen shit, rollin it, Cypress ownin' it  Bitin' niggas clonin it, I got a dog got a bone to pick, you holdin' it  Suck it hard swallow easy, put a soul in it  Your body's on the floor, head got a hole in it  The weed master, rhyme killer, mic controllin' it  You still fuckin' but your wack, ain't throwin' it  Stepped in shit, now your chillin' all alone in it  Head full of hair, still ain't combin' it  Five child in the world who's ropin' it  Never know if i'm high or i'm throwin' shit  I got you stuck in the Twilight Zone on shit  I'm the owner of the fat joint you rollin' with, bitch  Chorus The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Cypress Hill f/ Eminem, Noreaga Album: Skull & Bones Song: Rap Superstar Typed by: Acastro929@aol.com (Eminem Speaking) Most people don't see how much work is really involved  in this rap shit I didn't know it I didn't see it I never saw it until i was actually in it You really gotta be in it To understand what its like But you always gotta  People always gotta see your smile You always gotta put on that fake You know what i'm sayin No matter what u just been through (B-Real) So you wanna be a rap superstar And live large a big house  5 cars, you're in charge Comin up in the world  Don't trust nobody Gotta look over your shoulder constantly (B-Real) I remember the days when i was a young kid growin up Lookin in the mirror dreamin about blowin up To rock crowds make money Chill wit the honies Sign autographs and whatever the people want from me Shits funny How impossible cream manifest in the games that be comin with it Never the less you gotta go for the gusto But you don't know about the blood sweat and tears  and losin some of your peers And losin some of your self  Music has past gone by Hopefully you don't manifest for the wrong guy Egomaniac in the brainiac Don't know how to act Shits deep 48 tracks Studio gangsta mack Sign a deal emcees wanna make a mill But never will  Till he crosses over still Feelin no hate  But fantasies come wit these Just to sacrifice the taste of makin cheese You wanna be a rap superstar in the biz And take shit from people who don't know what it is I wish it was all fun and games  But the price of fame is high And some can't pay to play Trapped in what you rappin about Tell me what happened when you lost clout The rout you took started collapsing  No fans No fame No respect No change No women And everyone shits on your name (Chorus) So you wanna be a rap superstar  And live large A big house  5 cars  The rent charged Comin up in the world don't trust nobody Gotta look over your shoulder constantly To be a rap superstar And live large A big house  5 cars  The rent charged Comin up in the world don't trust nobody Gotta look over your shoulder constantly (Noreaga Speaking) When you sign to a record label You don't know you sign your life over And these whiteboys don't care about you Cuz the minute you fall off They'll find another Noreaga And they'll find another Capone-n-Noreaga And they'll find another B-Real So you need to just keep  Stack your chips up Do what you gotta do while your hot And mafuckin get out the game Stick to the drug game And the drug game is even worse Because if someone jerks you  You can shoot em and kill me But in this game if someone jerks you You gotta be humble (Eminem Speaking) No matter what you just been through Shit has gotta be right You gotta approach people You gotta be on the up and up And everything gotta be all good When you see someone slap hands with em You know what i'm sayin give em a pound Or whatever it is But you always gotta act like it ain't shit (Chorus) (B-Real) My own son don't know me Sittin up in the hotel room lonley But I thank god I'm wit my homies But sometimes I wish I was back home But only no radio or videos Cuz they show me no love The phony gotta hit the road slowly So the record gets pushed by sony I'm in the middle like monie And the press say that My own people disowned me And the best way back Is to keep your head straight Never inflate the cranium Your crew worried about them honies at the paladium Who just wanna cling on swing on And so on and go on and fall off The hoes fall off To the next rap superstar  Wit no shame give him a year And they'll be right out the game The same as the last one Who came before him Gained fame Started gettin ignored I warned him Assured him This ain't easy take it from weezy  Sleezy people wanna be cheesey They talkin evil (Chorus) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Cypress Hill Album: Skull & Bones Song: Cuban Necktie Typed by: obi1one@hotmail.com [Verse 1] I do it to ya all like in your earhole, cuz I'ma "Goodfella" just like Deniro, punk I'm a ten, you just a fucking zero, huh I get your woman off like Robbie Shapiro, what You want jellyroll son, I'm a hero, oh You're on your knees on my dick like a clit hoe then You say you hate me but you follow my carrer though huh Wanna see a trick I make you disappear yo, yo I make it hotter than a fuckin' inferno Wanna test you comin up shorter than DeVito I'll scar your face when I cut you like Pacino You gamble with your life inside of my "Casino" Hold up I'm runnin shit just like Gambino I got the hogs sweatin' more than Bob Barino I switch tongue buenos caso me camino Then I switch it back cuz in that style I swing yo Beat your head like a drum yeah todo el ritmo I sit back simply pretend I'm regal Slay you any style yeah whatever type of lingo I'm a "Natural Rhyme Killer" like Tarrantino, yeah [HOOK] Run your mouth, with your chest out Go get you a wreck check, dealt with real quick All that fake tough guy shit, rough guy shit All that rah rah shit, go get your neck slit [Verse 2] Call me breakin' think you know my nigga Dino With the Ratpack nigga sippin on vino I give it to you double XXL like Chino I'm the eastsidah who's reppin Angelino's I know you trippin but I'm due another single, ha Treat the music like my honey got a wrinkle, yeah I'm the mushroom making people twinkle You couldn't hang with a joint from Domingo's So, you gotta make room when you hear my jingle Like I crack your head with the bat, big bambino style You smoked out there in San Bernadino We fuck shit up with the harcore steelo Bandito, light your lighter then a key lo I'm megachron got you wet like a Primo Cancerous rhyme now that you needin chemo Peace to my fam out in El Cerino That's right punk, it's the soul asesino Better watch your back, who's pilin up cochinos HOOK 2X [Verse 3] Killin niggas like a Sicilian named Gino When your numbers up all my nigga yell regal You a fine woman, was a fine Phillipino, then She looked good in the black Benzino, yeah Yo' style's not yours like Doritos With the fabulous fall just like the Beatles Platinum dust oh now you wanna sprinkle, well I clown niggas much more than Melenko's, heh For all the wild ones and all my vecino's Never get your ass caught up with a stank hoe Pussy weigh deeper than a big fucking ?zinko? Don't be mad I'm lookin out for my amigo You wanna copy my style go to Kinko's Watch me reload it just like Carlito My style so dope they should label it illegal You want beef then I call my nigga Steebo Whip your ass up just like Niccoleo Sayin my name burst your mark like "Tapateo!", punk You can't deal with it, you can't deal with it You can't deal with it, it's Cypress Hill with it HOOK 2X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Cypress Hill Album: Skull & Bones Song: What U Want From Me Typed by: dalyricalmaster@tupac.com (B-Real) Huh, what you want? What you want? Want you want from me? Tell me what, tell me what Want you want from me, huh? What you want? Want you want from me? Tell me, tell me, tell me dogs Want you want from me? What you want? What you want? What you want? What you want from me? (B-Real) Want you want from me? Wanna live my life Drive my car, with my jewels, now you're holdin my wife What you got for me -- FAME? Opportunity I guess that ain't enough for ya You want the loot and weed What you need from me? To bleed and die quickly here I turn my back here's the knife, for you to stick in me What you do for me? Stab me in the back, preney Over little shit you do, pretty hittin in me What you done for me? Robbery, pray the po' Actin like it was my homie, just a fuckin phony What you see in me? A weakness so you can damage me And dis-granite me so you can take advantage (yeah) What you need to see? The Nina milli six-a, show ya how I don't give a fuck about you You talk now, what you need to be? Runnin away from the leader Before you're gettin warm by my heater (Chorus: B-Real) What you want from me? What you want from me? Tell me, tell me, tell me, tell me What you want from me? What you want from me? What you want from me? What you, what you What you want, what you want from me? (B-Real) What you want from me? Money and the record deal free tickets to the shows and the free meal What you got for me? Besides, or your hang ups and sob stories The violins play em baby What you want to be? Everything I am now, but you never worked for it The live it, you fuckin gimmick What you want -- disease? For me and my homies Niggas want to act, damn, you don't even know me What you need to breathe? To think it over clearly, you can hear me over the speaker It's best you don't come near me What you got for me? Back up and a lot of weight, but now you hatin on me, in every single way What you have with me? To make me turn the switcher Funny how money makes a fuckin little picture What it's got to be? You get disconnected over methods you choose To make yourself get ejected (Chorus: B-Real) What you want from me? What you want from me? Tell me, tell me, tell me, tell me What you want from me? What you want from me? What you want from me? What you, what you What you want, what you want from me? What you want from me? What you want from me? Tell me, tell me, tell me, tell me What you want from me? What you want from me? What you want from me? What you, what you want? What you, what you want from me? (Sen Dog) What you want from me? Pictures and the demos You wanna act funny? And hear my layo What you got to see? I need a little privacy you don't even know of the shit that drivin me What you need from me? Someone to put your shit on never forget what I've done for you Before you get on What you have to be? True to the family  and fuck em and feed em  if you ain't understandin me? What you want to be? Hard or a pop star goin out and doin the same shit that's a love song What you want from me? Nothin but burn riches down, I should grab your jaw And knock it off the hinges now What you after me? Doctors and nurses and hearses And the worst thing you feelin the blood curses What you have to be? Gone another memory Remember this if I gotta choose over them or me I'll choose me motherfucker you understand... (B-Real) What you want from me? What you want from me? What you want from me? Tell me what you want What you want from me? What you want from me? (Chorus: B-Real) What you want from me? What you want from me? Tell me, tell me, tell me, tell me What you want from me? What you want from me? What you want from me? What you, what you What you want, what you want from me? The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Cypress Hill Album: Skull & Bones Song: Stank Ass Hoe Typed by: urbanspacedude@excite.com [Sen Dog] Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha  Once again, ha ha ha  We back, ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha  [B-Real] Now all these new nigas tryin to bust grips Keep tryin, I'm shittin all over yo tapes And yo CDs, you see these Niggas wit the weed leaves, you need these Hill biggas to bust trigga, sicka sicka The rhyme spitter spittin over the transmittor I got double platinum records on the wall  While you got double cheeseburgers in yo toilet stall Cats wanna try me, you must be high Cause you havin fuckin +Illusions+, no lie, what you usin? Gimme some of that shit (shit), you fakin it Any little title you got, I'm takin it You can't have it, you didn't earn it Spit on yo name, shit on it, and burn it Suckas wanna floss and play the big boss What movie you livin in and how much did it cost? What role are you playin? I'm only sayin You're the record gettin played and I'm DJ'in Playin you, playin you, and playin you Decayin you, I'm tyin and breakin you (ah ha ha) Chorus: B-Real (Sen Dog) You're a weak ass hoe Punk slow yo role You're nothin but a clone With nothin to show You're a weak ass hoe Need a style of your own You're a weak ass hoe You're a weak ass hoe (Punk ass nigga) Leave me alone (Carbon copyin muthafucka) Punk nigga wit no flow (You ain't shit) You're a weak ass hoe (Fuck your little record, punk) You're a weak ass hoe (Eat a dick) [B-Real] Now look at her over there (damn), lookin all fine Shakin her ass, tellin me to grab from behind Please don't mind me, you'll find me Rollin the pine trees, women askin to sign these Well OK, but you're gonna get me in trouble Nice ones, I gotta be out on the double I'll be in that corner table wit my homies Gettin stoney tryin to avoid the phonies Huh, what you askin? Do I got plastic To buy you and yo friends drinks? Do I have assets? Do I got a big home? Do I live alone? Can I use yo cell phone?, feelin my bone She wanna ride me, she wanna tie me Around her tiny little finger and ride me blindly I don't think so, you stink, hoe The chain in yo brain is missin a link, hoe Please back up, I know you look good But that ain't enough to get half of my stuff, bitch (ah ha ha, that's right, you're a stank hoe!) Chorus: B-Real (Sen Dog) You're a stank ass hoe Tryin to get dough Leave me alone Cause you can't roll You're a stank ass hoe Nut ridin pro You're a stank ass hoe A stank ass hoe Leave me alone (Broke ass hoodrat) You can't roll (You can't roll) You're a stank ass hoe A stank ass hoe (Stank ass hoe) You're a stank ass hoe (Dick suckin tramp) (Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha) (Bring it back homie, come on, huh) [B-Real] Here goes another example to begin it With a twist (yeah) like pussy I'm in it When I look at me, I look and see How long it took for you to throw the book at me Damn that shit hurts, but I put in work These niggas are like germs, over the counter they lurk And smirk when you fall down, but I calm down And put the anti-bacterial assault down Kill germs that wanna test, they want the best Comparin you to me is like a nigga to the cess Never settle for stress, or wack rappers I'm rockin the outta the West and rockin the East (?) Chorus: B-Real (Sen Dog) (Punk ass nigga) You're a bitch ass hoe Knockin on my door Leave me alone Cause you got no soul You're a bitch ass hoe (Trick ass hoe) Need to find a place to go You're a bitch ass hoe (Punk ass niggas) You're a bitch ass hoe Don't touch the microphone You're a bitch ass hoe (Eat a muthafuckin dick) You're a bitch ass hoe Leave me alone Got no place to go You're a bitch ass hoe (Trick ass hoe) *humming* The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Cypress Hill Album: Skull & Bones Song: Highlife Typed by: locoblanco@techemail.com, OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [B-Real] I rolled you up like my Rizla Cut you up, with my sisters You wanna get us - yeah, the venom spitters Your style's trash: don't litter You got the jitters the hardhitters No quitters your soul quivers When you see the gats blazin, get out the street now There ain't no use for you beggin to turn the heat down You label me coldblooded You wanna warm me up with hot lead the gat thudded You can't cut it  You wack, but it's - no use your mouth shut it Shootin arrows diamond-studded, and still budded You got to love it, you better chase the paper all day  So you can walk down the long platinum hallway But now the fools are minutemade; they get played for a minute  then played out they never get back in it Gun park I bring chalk for your body outlined on the floor You got hit by the 4-4! Chorus: B-Real You're in the game called life, son - how you're livin it Street corner kids growin up blowin up You chase dreams you want the highlife, with the skylights But in the end your soul's lost, you lost the shine right Never turn your back ever, on niggaz true to you Stand alone for the cheddar - and they'll be through with you The highlife; yeah, the highlife The highlife; yeah, the highlife [B-Real] You gotta hang out with B. Reezy, and take it easy It's gettin greasy, I had to learn how to beat me That's when you go for dolo, and get your meal ticket And still kick it hardcore I'm runnin real with it Niggaz getting softcore, the people want more hardcore shit that's why I give them an encore Curtains opened, you see the people applaud feelin it You can't figure out the formula so you're stealin it  Can't stand unoriginal cats with minimal  skills that's criminal - you fake bitches! You're lookin for riches, in the wrong places The faces of death look you in the eye cut off your breath  When you fall feel your knees shatter The bones breakin with your weak blatter Pissin on yourself it don't matter Dead weight, the bed waits for you on the set date Dreams gone instead fate didn't hesitate to put you away, close the gates now you're locked out Your life: cable, with all the porn channels blocked out (damn!) What you good for? Nothin, so be gone suckers Have a nice trip see you motherfuckers! Chorus [Sen Dog] I live for the highlife, get my mind right Fuck the fame, the game and the limelights Fools that be out there tryin to duplicate But they can't match the aura, can't impersonate See the first things that comes to pass, is the blast  of the Cypress Hill weed funk blazin up a path You can't help, but inhale and get strong You need that good shit all up in your lungs I live fast, and keep energy in motion Jah bless, so I feel I been chosen But I know, (?) of he who conquers You gotta come strong and sound off like thunder I check myself and make sure I'm comin real tight Rhyme for my fam, the G's and the highlife [B-Real] The highlife - hah, hah  The highlife yeah Chorus The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Cypress Hill Album: Skull & Bones Song: Certified Bomb Typed by: locoblanco@techemail.com [B-Real] Call me the serial rhyme killer Mic-cord strangling, mangling, tangling, you in the web nigga Your head is dangling off of your shoulders Cause my mic told me to do it cause you wasn't a true soldier Fake bustas get hit with the clusterbomb You're a hotdog with no mustard, you're flusterd, I'm calm Spit heat like a fucking dragon, bagging you up Tagging you toe, zipping you up  Clipping you up, mic-cord tripping you up  You're in the dark with no light  and wishing a nigga had lit you up So much for wishful thinking, you're body's stinking You're sinking into the hole and I'm at the top winking at ya [Sen-Dog] Don't play me too close I'm a certified bomb  Designed to designate all over the tape  Got my Cuban Puertoricans all up in the place  Gonna smash you in the face with tapes check it out [B-Real] Call me imperial beatslayer All prayers try to be advisory to rivalry in the battle player Bitches who lie to me and cry to me use bribery I'm taking the torch and burn Puffy-music for canivalry That'll teach you I beat you on every plain Ain't no other way to reach you, I reach you with pain Shred you into pieces using the tigerclaw I'm a cold nigga you need more than a lighter to thaw Me and my lyrical Iceberg suckers are panic Fuck what you head I brought down the Titanic So can it and shut it, I wrote it and bust it  because it never gonna be safe for wack niggas I don't trust 'em Chorus [Sen-Dog] Call me superior showstopper, your hiphop legacy Claim us to remember we break you off proper Oh you got a short memory? You wanna render me? Harmless and surrender me for the fucking enemy? I won't let ya I bet ya I reign supreme Make your fans forget ya search ya in front of your team Make a nigga smoke a ounce and bounce over the rhythem And hit em and get another suck and hit em with venom Nigga my name is Sen and I'm real while you're pretending Suckers with no style I hope you get offended So I can lock your ass up with my jawclutches Then my rhymes will catch you cause they're sharp like Tony Touch's Chorus [Sen-Dog] Yeah, that's right y'all Gonna smash you in the face Who be comming on touching me, getting around me I'm a bomb you know what I'm saying I'm ready to go off you know what I'm saying So many motherfuckers out there talking shit, doing their little thing It's cool you know what I'm saying, go ahead make you money  But don't you be comming around me perplexing playing like a bitch  You know what I'm saying  Cause I can see your ass right through you know what I'm saying You're glass homeyboy, you're glass you know what I'm saying Don't play me too close y'all  I don't think I like you too much you know what I'm saying Always kicking it, doing what we do Trying to act like us, trying to sound like us You're playing me too close motherfucker You need too step the fuck on back Take your ass on back to wherever the fuck you come from You're playing me way way too close you know what I'm saying The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Cypress Hill Album: Skull & Bones Song: Can I Get a Hit Typed by: obi1one@hotmail.com Handle it, handle it You know, motherfuckers need to have some weed etiquete True, true You see, motherfuckers try to come up and bogard your weed At the club, and they don't wanna share theirs Can I get a hit of your weed [repeats in background 6X] [B-Real] You know I hate it when I roll a joint and give it to somebody Who ain't got weed but they wanna be up in the party Laughin and gigglin, sippin on a Heinie Son you need a Tic Tac your breath is gonna blind me Talkin about you wanna hit, spittin in my eardrum Oh you new in the cypher, step to the rear son Still they manage to hit it, and put they grip on it That's when they wet the tip and put they lips on it Then when you get it, forget it, it's been wetted Who gonna hit it now, not me, you got me Thinkin about these fuckin jokers, double tokers Smokers who hit it like they suckin a dick, fuckers Flippin it, lovin it, smokin it to the head Givin it to me half way down, "thanks again" Then when you see 'em later smokin they own stash When you ask 'em for a hit, they say, "sorry this is my last" I shared some with you, "Sorry that's not my problem Talk to the hand but I got plenty if you wanna buy some" These people piss me off, this is true indeed But nothin's worse when someone's askin for some weed What do I look like a tree where the bud grows Here pick my left nut and smoke it in the bol Or better grow your own leave mine alone Here I'll give you a clone now raise up outta my zone I know I got the best weed, but don't make me Make your burnt chest bleed what you need Is weed etiquette, please don't be offended Cuz the weed costs money I'm the one who has to spend it And that's just the way it is man Y'all motherfuckers need to learn You just can't come, askin for some shit and not givin none in return What the fuck is that man? We goin into 2000 motherfucker You need to learn how to smoke some weed with people Pass it to the left motherfuckers Can I get a hit of your weed [repeats to the end] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Cypress Hill Album: Skull and Bones Song: We Live This Shit Typed by: locoblanco@techemail.com Chorus: Sen Dog Eastside L.A.  Cypress Hill all day Spark the lah We live this shit  We latin-thug type Gat-blasters  Weedsmokers Moneyholders, that's right [B-Real] Well it's the alleycat looking for the buddhasack On my side is my ese can't fuck with that Starting out venom but if you wanna bill though Come in peace and you can come on the Hill bro But if it ain't in peace bro turn it to a homicide Throw you in the trunk take a ride to the Eastside It's a suicide when you're fucking with the Hill Fool drop your weapon or I'm comming for the kill Duck from the gunshots that is sticking to ya Standing all alone shotgun goes boo-ya Watch it go through ya  Ya smelling like manure Fools all bloody body chilling in the sewer Enemy's a viewer I'm sipping on caluha Sitting back chilling with my nigga SonDuhla Heading to the Eastside watch your back busta Ain't no hood for you here it's all about the hustlas Chorus [Sen Dog] Rhyme for my neighbourhoud banging out hits For ever backing up that Cypress Hill click To my man on the corner with the shotgunshell  Singing sad songs for the ones that fell To me it's kind of funny watching all these dummies Straight turn tricks for the fame and the money Walk a little bold 'cause their record went gold Got him a new ride and up rid it their ho Need this looking raw before you come acting Flexing on some brothers that is twelve times platinum Cause I been there  Done that  Fool check the format  Sweep you and that bullshit under the doormat Put it to your grill like I don't give a damn Sen Dog and the Hill still fucking up the program  Yeah y'all, that big bad Cypress and perro up in that place What the fuck you wanna do now huh? Chorus [B-Real] Kicking that funky Cypress Hill shit Think I blast another give them something to deal with Cause I'm the ill one  Oh the cap-peel one You comming round the Hill fucking son I gotta spill one  Now I'm heading to the Eastside looking for revival Living on the Eastside fighting for survival Gotta be nifty with the Han Solo and trying to show yo Wittnesses cause people will use it to kill your show yo Off to the stone garden you go and stay there When I'm dead I'm bringing my music to play there For all the soldiers, moneyfolders, you're on my shoulders You can't hold us back I'm spitting out boulders Crushing every opponent in opposition I know you're wishing that I would bow to submission Chorus The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Cypress Hill Album: Skull & Bones Song: Worldwide Typed by: urbanspacedude@excite.com Verse 1: Sen-Dog You better hope I'm chained up, shackled with a yard I'll snatch you by the neck, bide you like a tech Wreck fools when I disconnect, make you sweat Shit your pants, get in yuor step on my advance Catch a glance of the legendary brother who carries Your body and buries two more lyrics in styles varied Fool what? You ain't got nothin' to say I been backin' up east side LA, all day Blowin' up the best techs, the best flex Havin' the best sex, fuckin' in Wessex The hardcore shit, I know you like it raw 'Cause ain't no other Dog breakin' the last straw Chorus (2x): B-Real You better bounce, nigga, smoke an ounce, nigga 'Cause you rollin' with the Hill and what counts is uh, Can you hang with us? You wanna bang with us? Cypress Hill, worldwide, Los Angeles Verse 2: Sen-Dog I don't bark, I just bite, mangle and maim niggas up Check your strap, they mangle us and pick us up Fool, now you tremblin', I give you three seconds  To break out before you resemblin' a dead man A hole through your headband My gat's in my right hand, my plug's in my left hand, punk Cypress Hill worldwide, you just a local Don't anger me, or you can hear it in my vocal You don't want that strap on my hip To deal out, the repercussions dug a fat lip I'm buckin' at the room soon to the boom Fuckin' with your head like the 'shroom you consume Chorus Verse 3 (BR) Bitches, you're all thick-eyed, a weak ride   I take money-money, make dummies all night   Use the mic, bruise the mic, we choos the mic   When you sorry niggas go off and lose the mic (SD) We choose a life right, we roll with crew tight   See the light at the end of a tunnel - a gat barrel   Wettin' up your flyest apparel, a cane ray   You forget me and I'll be back to refresh your fuckin' memory   Remember me now, Cypress Hill soldier   Up and down the boulevard, big money folder   You bring descript sequence with no defense   The whole defense hittin' the bones while you sleepin' Chorus The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Cypress Hill Album: Skull & Bones (Skull Disc) Song: Do You Know Who I Am (Bonus Track) Typed by: m_real2000@yahoo.com * * send corrections to the typist [B-Real] Uh, uh, yeah.. Do you know who I am? (3x) [B-Real] I'm in a deep yo Peep though Things are on the fallout Kids all lookin' to peel my way back I figure that shit out The other day The review mirror When things are closer than they appear Tear shit down hit the corner Cut through the alley Seen a fine chick Didn't have time to rally I remember you but I gotta dip Skip the fuck out These niggaz are following me from behind nigga They can't fade us so eliminate us to get famous It's all painless I'll show 'em what insane in the brain is Maybe they'll run, or find out what the rain is They want beef fuck giving it to 'em shameless Do you know who I am? Do you know my lifestyle I don't think so.... Do you know who I am? Do you know my lifestyle maybe you don't... Do you know who I am? Do you know my lifestyle I don't think so.... Do you know who I am? Do you know my lifestyle I don't think so.... [B-Real] They can't wheel with the ruckus Motherfuckers get wicked in situations That causes a nigga to react More to the back in the corner Know what they say Caught a nigga live on to fight another day Maybe fight and not appear Maybe they want it Maybe you niggaz following my tension I dispatch the troops quick then give 'em time Didn't give 'em a second to push me over the line Between that the humiliation that's on my life flash Gun blast, all out confusion The smoke clears Foes crawlin' outta here Snap fingers like magic, they disappear These bitches had it no question never bloody Never fuck with nobody who's crazy! [B-Real] I'm in this world hell called life Willin' to risk it Pop the disc and you ain't bustin' a biscuit Fools think they heavy weight They never wait Like a nigga tryin' to get pussy on the first date They federate, whenever hate if you want to Kill me in my soul will come back to hunt you You never sleep, never get rest Feelin' the cold breath, you're the opposite of ever last You never last! Pass 7 days of madness After my soul path The spiritual plane is weak, nigga you need to fast 'Cause you're bitin' my shit Mouths full but don't follow My shit's acid burning your stomach making you hollow Best learn who you're fucking with Before you try shit You might die with my name caught in your eyelids See that, weave that, inhale the weed sack I be that nigga willin' to die for what I'm feelin' The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Cypress Hill Album: Skull & Bones Song: Valley of Chrome Typed by: obi1one@hotmail.com [B-Real] You can't hide from the man with the master plan Huntin for your head "How I Could Just Kill a Man" Ayo, where you at baby keep your head low, damn Got you on the camcorder in the black minivan You crossed line, time for the light to blind You can run but I never be far behind You never know when it's gonna come, paranoid Cuz the mentality is seek and destroy Better look around before you come out your door Cuz shit catches up but you don't want no more Only time will provide the right sign for real You might die cuz you hesitate to find the steel HOOK 2X: You better never let me catch you alone! Bring it on, bring it on! Bring it on, bring it on! You might die in the Valley of Chrome! Keepin on, keepin on, keep, keep, keepin on! [Sen-Dog] Listen up mothefuckers I got shit on my mind The spotlight's on me and it's time to shine I smack any brat that be jumpin outta line I smoke any fool try to diss on my rhyme I get y'all, wearin no can't protect y'all Wash your brain and have you infiltrate the Same bunch of suckers that be tryin to hate me Wanna take me out so they can try and replace me Fuck what ya heard, have ya seen lately The size of my clan is improving greatly No one will hold 'em back, bringin the big heater Watch a nigga run scared, faster than a cheetah Speed of light, move faster than sound But I'm still on they back and I'm gaining much ground HOOK 2X [B-Real] No matter what you seen, we still smokin the green Represent for all the people still a part of the scheme Playa haters, imitaters wanna roll with the team But they fade away, hate away, all for the cream They wanna instigate ?to get a losse forget my stake? Take advantage of the rilla, rob killa who scrapes Cuban motherfuckers who don't know who I am Better step aside suckers watch the heater expand Get outta hand, see the light, you and your clan Better scram outta here before you get slammed I stand strong, keepin on, when I'm rollin alone But you sorry bitches hideaway, place unknown HOOK 4X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Cypress Hill f/ C. Wolbers, D. Cazares (Fear Factory) Album: Skull & Bones  Song: Get Out of My Head  Typed by: dj-rick@webtv.net  uh..uh...yeah.... These voices up in my head...  All these voices up in my head Makin me dread, when I sleep at night  Visons of people with evil intensions wanna fly my sight  Visons are changin, engagin, and ragin', I'm in a stage and a fight  Listen, the system is pissin' me off, you wanna feel my pipe  Fingers pointed, annointed people, day better up to the knight  Whispers, darkness the hardest, time ain't never gonna feel alright  Feelin' my soul in the hole,  I can't breathe, and I'm frightened for my life  Think I need help or I dwell in hell, cuz I got a grip too tight!  (Chorus) Will you ever get out of my head? 4X  Through every dimension as tension ahead, I gotta go my main Dreams are like beans up like coming through my brain,  then I know I'm baked For every single minute that's in it, each and every brand new day Denial of trial I'm vile, whatever that bullshit they say I'm sinking so low in my self, help me gain, never give no break Confusion is usin me sinkin me up, now the sky's all grey I'm blazin and liftin my mind with kite, let me hit that J Holding, controlling my self over, but the shit won't stay! (Chorus) (w/ Sen Dog) Will you ever get out of my head? Will you ever get out of my head? Will you ever get out of my head? Will you ever get out of my head? (Will you ever get out of my head!) Will you ever get out of my head? ( Will you ever get out of my head!) Will you ever get out of my head? (Will you ever get out of my head!) Will you ever get out of my head? (Will you ever get out of my head!) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Cypress Hill Artist: Skull & Bones Song: Can't Get the Best of Me Typed by: dalyricalmaster@tupac.com (Sen Dog) Hell nah, you can't handle a man of my superior strength I've been rockin for years, now it's time to go to length Bitin emcees in their tracks I stop em My rhyme style make em turn dropper My concepts come sick like Dennis Hopper I jack fools up and stick em like dirty coppers Like I said before I'm takin you lane of whores Down to the phone, knock his ass on your good balls Only one way to deal with these softies Take they ass out like heroes and they flossin And when you test me you better bring styles Cause mine can go on and on and on for miles (Chorus) (B-Real & Sen Dog) You can't get the best of me Can't get the best of me You can't get the best of me Can't get the best of me You can't get the best of me Can't get the best of me You can't get the best of me Can't get the best of me YOU CAN'T GET THE BEST OF ME (you can't hold me down) CAN'T GET THE BEST OF ME (you can't, you can't hold me down) YOU CAN'T GET THE BEST OF ME (you can't, you can't hold me) CAN'T GET THE BEST OF ME (you can't, you can't hold me down) YOU CAN'T GET THE BEST OF ME (you can't hold me down) CAN'T GET THE BEST OF ME (you can't, you can't hold me down) YOU CAN'T GET THE BEST OF ME (you can't hold me down) CAN'T GET THE BEST OF ME (you can't, you can't hold me down) (B-Real) Five roll with the weakest What you need is, the chrome plated heater So you can peep this, tragedy had to be in your mind soakin in Sad to see you broken down, not at least broken in Can't stop some Hill shit from comin through The reality is out with the old, and with the new Ways and things change, with strange haids of braids shade Switch place life and life plays with thumb pay Does and un-trues, the mule leaves no clues In the dark confused, we choose to eat you Out the whole stroke away so I can listener We don't stop if you can, fuck commissioner (Chorus) (B-Real & Sen Dog) You can't get the best of me Can't get the best of me You can't get the best of me Can't get the best of me You can't get the best of me Can't get the best of me You can't get the best of me Can't get the best of me YOU CAN'T GET THE BEST OF ME (you can't hold me down) CAN'T GET THE BEST OF ME (you can't hold me down) YOU CAN'T GET THE BEST OF ME (you can't, you can't hold me) CAN'T GET THE BEST OF ME (you can't, you can't hold me down) YOU CAN'T GET THE BEST OF ME (you can't, you can't hold me down) CAN'T GET THE BEST OF ME (you can't hold me down) YOU CAN'T GET THE BEST OF ME (you can't hold me) CAN'T GET THE BEST OF ME (you can't hold me down) (Sen Dog) Nigga get up on a rhymin apparatus Takin out crews who think they are baddest Mad dog Sen for real is the maddest Fuck you punk and your A&R status I stay in a zone though I'm never alone B-Real got my back checkin at your dome So when it comes down to who's (Spanish) I'm down for the pound and slangin the (Spanish) (Spanish) I break (Spanish) Gonna make a move and smoke your fuckin hot-show Remove that sucker and that wack-ass shit Cause every time I see he's actin like a bitch So let's get it straight I smoke the competition Breakin down fools in my motherfuckin mission One by one they'll all come out missin You can't fuck with this here kid I AIN'T BITCHIN (Chorus) (B-Real & Sen Dog) (You can't hold me down) You can't get the best of me (you can't, you can't hold me down) Can't get the best of me (you can't, you can't hold me down) You can't get the best of me (you can't, you can't hold me) Can't get the best of me (you can't, you can't hold me down) You can't get the best of me (you can't, you can't, hold me) Can't get the best of me (you can't, you can't hold me down) You can't get the best of me (you can't, you can't hold me) Can't get the best of me (you can't, you can't hold me down) You can't get the best of me (hold me down) Can't get the best of me (you can't, you can't hold me down) You can't get the best of me (you can't, you can't hold me) Can't get the best of me (you can't, you can't hold me down) You can't get the best of me (you can't hold me) Can't get the best of me (you can't hold me down) You can't get the best of me (can't hold me down) Can't get the best of me (can't hold me down) You can't get the best of me Can't get the best of me (can't hold me down) You can't get the best of me Can't get the best of me (you can't hold me down) You can't get the best of me Can't get the best of me (you can't hold me down) YOU CAN'T GET THE BEST OF ME YOU CAN'T GET THE BEST OF ME The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Cypress Hill Album: Skull & Bones Song: A Man Typed by: dalyricalmaster@tupac.com (Sen Dog) Don't let nobody treat me like crap I'm pullin heads off sharp and smack em off francs The best in these days I smoke on these tracks Gonna mash your plan for holdin me back Jump up rush the office with the gat Lettin the niggaz see where my mind is at Hurry up to the walls see how I react But I keep comin back and that's for a fact I got the beef, but no road I got dropped And take each day the bullshit don't stop Got to act with the man cause I don't suck cock No matter how bad I wanna get to the top The music go out like a fuckin lot With the key and the dat I rap and just stop Come and see me on a Soul Assas trip Hittin stage, generate, pumpin all that lip (Chorus) YOU CAN'T FUCK WITH ME I AM EVERYTHING YOU EVER WANT TO BE A FUCKIN MAN! YOU CAN'T FUCK WITH ME I AM EVERYTHING YOU EVER WANT TO BE A FUCKIN MAN! (Sen Dog) If y'all ever need help I don't wait And I come from some shit that's put away I hit these suckers that think they so great Still a nigga die, so they can update No matter how you try you'll always be fate Breakin off chunks off of what I create I see that liquorice all over your face Back-stab a nigga in the mist of the chase Fuck the bullshit let's get to the bottom Stompin punk styles, agein rock got em Only thing I don't wanna say when I drop em Loadin my shells so don't try to hock em Hittin the heat with the jig-ass beats Bite my style, is the only way to compete Smoke anybody if I ever lop heat And anybody else that wanna fuck with me (Chorus) YOU CAN'T FUCK WITH ME I AM EVERYTHING YOU EVER WANT TO BE A FUCKIN MAN! YOU CAN'T FUCK WITH ME I AM EVERYTHING YOU EVER WANT TO BE A FUCKIN MAN! (Sen Dog) I sing funky-ass shit that I bring Fly likes a lot when I do my thing Check it out y'all ain't no one nicer Got it goin on with the mighty wanna cipher Got a women crazy, when I beg And hip-hop styles with the SX-10 Trust no one ain't nobody your friend Cause this business hear all about to end Don't mean comin back when they bust the raps And all the little things of the nicer tracks Hangin out in the uniform Keep what I'm doin here all night long Is to keep it goin, bring the thunder and pain Ain't bitches same since I went insane Fuckin with these bitches up in this game To the depicts, drain on my FUCKIN TRAIN (Chorus) YOU CAN'T FUCK WITH ME I AM EVERYTHING YOU EVER WANT TO BE A FUCKIN MAN! YOU CAN'T FUCK WITH ME I AM EVERYTHING YOU EVER WANT TO BE A FUCKIN MAN! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Cypress Hill Album: Skull & Bones Song:  Dust Typed by: Indigo1er@excite.com When people stare at the scene like a machine of the team looking for theme between cracks searching for cream physical image can never be lost never be cleverly read or took on into the search of your own suckers are looking for treasures and pleasures endeavours images of plastic material whenever your ready your steady rolling with deadly and friendly territorial glorious story you've heard nothing but bull for me Comming from ghetto the güero the heart in the metal settle for gas as we passing you fast in the pedal head to the floor and the horror is starting to pour  everything I just threatened your blood you can't take it no more why did you try to forget it I said it to FUCK OFF!!  now you'll be headed said I'm making you try to do laws that's what you get for faking it hot and no more  living I'm sucker I'm pushing the bomb. Chorus: Do what you want do what you need the hardcore breaking the law the new seed yes they want more Cypress Hill Soul Assasins we smokin 420 all day we ain't joking serve it up oh yes and the hard stuff excess of the zes make it sound right beat it up all you want it's a damn right get up in my way I'll cross your ass like dust. ???? is loaded with snakes serpents who come and they take pieces of those who they break bodies are found in the lake only the victims its pass you thought that you gonna last pockets all over the cash now that you're actually grass high kids taking and sliping away look at you tricking and sipping its clicking the trigger  and so is your place only the strong will survive hoping to keep 'em alive I'll never be denied watch on who you can find People around and they're proud looking for those  who obye dying like these killas defy so I keep up the withdrawl join fucking with the pace your just a waste in my face hit you in base in your case if all you want is a taste even the lemo the rebel bringing the metal in temple so many rebels incredible time we battle  looking for action don't judge us avenge us redempt us  don't give me negligence your all though in time no revenges Chorus: Do what you want do what you need the hardcore breaking the law the new seed yes they want more Cypress Hill Soul Assasins we smokin 420 all day we ain't joking serve it up oh yes and the hard stuff excess of the zes make it sound right beat it up all you want it's a damn right get up in my way I'll cross your ass like dust. Under the heavens we representing directions of flesh and feeling the heat the tension now dissin' we stressin' life is a battle to the cattle you gonna die just how that'll just suffer your glad you built up your high and go up the chain the pages keep turning and burning  the rage is concerning the day is becomming disarming searching for harmony you wanna be balling me but you never get no where cause I'm killing your whole philosophy Robbing like temperature I signal your flow when we just clowning  just tell me just pass me watch me I'm truly tampering y'all must be simple delinquent to try to get what the sick is  so leave the hard is to limp it and only the thrill will we get it? I'm an assasin of soul out of control when I roll you better hide in your hole I got your name on my skull there ain't no running from me assasin of hunees you see blastin at those who obye blasting at last at the weak! Chorus: Do what you want do what you need the hardcore breaking the law the new seed yes they want more Cypress Hill Soul Assasins we smokin 420 all day we ain't joking serve it up oh yes and the hard stuff excess of the zes make it sound right beat it up all you want it's a damn right get up in my way I'll cross your ass like dust The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Cypress Hill Album: Skull & Bones Song: (Rock) Superstar Typed by: mack69daddy_@hotmail.com [B-Real talking] Alot of a...sharks out there...try'na take a bite of somethin' What's hot Lot of chameleons out there...try'na change up Anytime somethin' new comes along...everybody wants a bite Don't happen overnight [Chorus: B-Real] So you wanna be a rock superstar? And live large, a big house, 5 cars, you're in charge Comin' up in the world don't trust no body Gotta look over your shoulder constantly [B-Real] I remember the days when I was a young kid growin' up Looking in the mirror dreamin' about blowin' up The rock crowd, make money, chill with the honey's Sign autographs or whatever the people want from me Shit's funny how impossible dreams manifest And the games that be comin' with it, nevertheless You got to go for the gusto but you don't know About the blood, sweat and tears and losing some of your peers And losing some of yourself to the years past gone by Hopefully it don't manifest for the wrong guy Egomaniac and the brainiac don't know how to act Shit's deep, 48 tracks Studio gangster mack signed the deal, thinks he's gonna make a mil' But never will 'til he crosses over Still filling your head with fantasies Come with me, show the sacrifice it takes to make the cheese You wanna be a rock superstar in the biz? And take shit from people who don't know what it is I wish it was all fun and games but the price of fame is high And some can't pay the way Still trapped in what you rappin' about Tell me what happened when you lost clout The route you took started collapsing No fans, no fame, no respect, no change, no women And everybody shits on your name [Chorus 2x] [Sen Dog talking] People see rockstars, younawhaI'msayin? But you still...try'na...get out more like, like everybody else It's a fun job, but it's still a job Save your money man, save your money too It's single don't last very long, younawhaI'msayin? I mean...you're lucky in this game too There's gon' be another cat comin' out Lookin' like me, soundin' like me, next year I know this They'll be a flipside, do whatchu you do Somebody'll try to spin off like some series [Sen Dog] You ever have big dreams of makin' real cream? Big shot, heavy hitter on the mainstream You wanna look shanty in the Bentley Be a snob and never act friendly You wanna have big fame, let me explain What happends to these stars and their big brains First they get played like all damn day Long as you sell everything will be O.K. Then you get dissed by the media and fans Things never stay the same way they began I heard that some never give full to the fullest That's while fools end up dining on the bullet Think everything's fine in the big time See me in my Lex' with the chrome raised high So you wanna roll far and live large? It ain't all that goes with bein' a rockstar [Chorus 2x] [B-Real] My own son don't know me I'm chillin' in the hotel room lonely But I thank God I'm with my homies But sometimes I wish I was back home But only no radio or video didn't show me No love, the phony, gotta hit the road slowly So the record gets pushed by Sony I'm in the middle like mony And the press say that my own people disown me And the best way back is to keep your head straight Never inflate the cranium They're too worried about them honies at the Paladium Who just wanna cling on, swing on, and so on Go on, fall off, the hoes roll on 'Til the next rock superstar with no shame Give him a year, he'll be right out the game The same as the last one who came before him Gained fame, started gettin' ignored, I warned him Assured him, this ain't easy take it from Weezy Sleezy people wanna be so cheesy, the fuckin' lethal "Assassins, assassins" [Chorus 2x] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Cypress Hill Album: Skull & Bones Song: Jack You Back Typed by: dalyricalmaster@tupac.com (*Yes y'all  cut and scratched*) (B-Real) You're a lost soul rollin down the street Hustlin, scramblin, money you eat You wanna jack somebody, never look at me Cause I'm like you when I'm holdin heat You don't want to think about re-percussions Cause you don't give a fuck about who you rushin So what you gonna do when the blood is gushin? You're playin Roulette without the Russian The stakes are high; can you feel the pressure? Lookin at the club on top of your dresser Born for the big bank robbin your own Thinkin your stone but your weak ass throne Bitches like you ain't got no heart Paranoid, you're settin in, fallin apart How many times will you take to see it? You fallin away, but you don't believe it (Chorus: B-Real & Sen Dog) Jack me and you'll never go back Jack me and I'll jack you back Where y'all bitches got the scheme or the stack? Jack me and I'll jump to attack Tell me what started a scheme at ya lap Jack me and I'll jump to attack Jack me and I'll jack you back Jack me and I'll jack you back (Sen Dog) Clothes are settin off from the start I'm crazy as fuck just like 2 Pac Mash on Cypress Hill in a Catalac truck Steels all gone, so I gotta play it ruff Got hate for do out there, I ain't jokin Can't hold me back these days, I'm out smokin And I still see myself as Enforcer Knock em in their face if they dedicate closer A Cuban massive man (Spanish) With real attack touch straight, from the ghetto Walk for a twenty all day like a (Spanish) Spit ball; lick all rhymes just like (Spanish) I run over fools like Dorsey Leathers And murder antiques like J-Rhyme I kill peasants Take over ships like Female Kastro Do anything that a nigga HAS TO (Chorus: B-Real & Sen Dog) Jack me and you'll never go back Jack me and I'll jack you back Where y'all bitches got the scheme or the stack? Jack me and I'll jump to attack Tell me what started a scheme at ya lap Jack me and I'll jump to attack Jack me and I'll jack you back Jack me and I'll jack you back (Jack you back, jack you back) (B-Real) Lights are fucked up it's confusin Look at you now what road you choosin You'll never be a part of the revolution You fuck with me, feel the retribution Punk bitches can never deal with the real Cause you weak motherfuckers can't decide what you feel Always poppin shit and hide from the Hill Comin out where you reside for the kill (Sen Dog) Knocked out Pluto, Super Hill thriller Verbal assault, Soul Assassin killer Real master Mic, ca, sex come iller Stoned is a waste over, what you feeler Can't make moves so you go ask Chiller Try the Real Estate trust centipede riller Bet your ass that I'm bangin to the fullest And don't get in my way punk ass, not a Buddhist (Chorus: B-Real & Sen Dog) Jack me and you'll never go back Jack me and I'll jack you back Where y'all bitches got the scheme or the stack? Jack me and I'll jump to attack Tell me what started a scheme at ya lap Jack me and I'll jump to attack Jack me and I'll jack you back Jack me and I'll jack you back The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Cypress Hill Album: Stoned Raiders Song: Trouble Typed by: people_equal_lovely@hotmail.com [B-Real] It's been a while now Been around the block many miles  Many faces, many places  that I found ?friend's? traces Where I spend time, places where my roam Places I can call home Places I can get stoned I just wanna be alone When I'm feelin' in my zone People want to knock me down 'cos they never have their own They won't get the best of me But they try hopelessly  Why you wanna fuck wit' me? I'm not, what you s'posed to be? You could not give a DAMN Coulda just Killed A Man Sawed off in my hand But I had to kill the plan Think I've found my piece of mind Feet planted on the ground I just had to redefine, what I thought to myself  It all goes around me and others who would down me Who I don't give a fuck about, Trouble always found me,  I know used to welcome it with my arms open wide, Trouble's hand's on the door, but it can't come INSIDE! Chorus 1 : B Real (repeat 2x) NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO, TROUBLE'S NOT MY GOOOOOOOOOOAL! You want trouble, c'mon,  You want trouble? You want trouble, c'mon You want trouble? [Sen Dog] Trouble on the line, all the fuckin' time Got me contemplatin' the solution, the fusion my wicked mind Got suckers that hate me but it don't really matter  I'm like a gat when I bust, niggas run and scatter Movin' in circles, throwin' elbows and fists You got to be a real nigga in the Cypress Hill pen Like the critics talkin' shit, but I'm not concerned A hundred G's for sixty minutes is the bank I earn  I try to put it to you (?) so you bitches can learn  That no-body get tired when it's time to burn With so many phonies out there a lot of you have been fooled In to actually believin' that some shit is cool  Take the blinders off and go look for yourself Fuck hearin' about shit from somebody else I'm down for myself, I back up myself  Put in all on the line make sure that I'M FELT! Chorus 1 (Repeat 2x) [B-Real] Nooooo! *scratching interlude* [B-Real] Look, the wall's closin' in  and my shoe's wearin' thin Had to be the biggest clown that you couldn't comprehend Some hated on my game, said I wouldn't be the same Called me "Rock Superstar", "Insane In The Brain" But I know I haven't changed So I brush you to the side  Trouble's knockin' on the door, askin' jus' to come inside 'times I gotta block it out, no-one likes to talk it out Trouble keeps comin' and I can't seem to lock it out Got my hands on the phone, I don't wanna have to talk If you're feelin (?), son, then I guess you gotta jump I can see it in your eyes, you don't seem to recognise I wouldn't fall into your trap, for many lives to compromise I'm not fallin' for your shit, you ain't gonna take me there You can talk all you want, but I don't got your (?) Chorus 1 (Repeat 2x) Chorus 2: B-Real [Sen Dog] (Repeat 4x) NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO, TROUBLE'S NOT MY GOOOOOOOOOOAL! [You want trouble right now? C'mon You want trouble right now? C'mon] [B-Real] You want trouble, c'mon     You want trouble?    (Repeat 4x) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Cypress Hill f/ Kurupt Album: Stoned Raiders Song: Kronologik Typed by: people_equal_lovely@hotmail.com Chorus: Kurupt and B-Real (repeat 2x) You don't know no real shit, nigga (it's the real shit!) This the original Cypress Hill shit, nigga We numb niggas, ya don't feel shit, nigga You ain't on no real shit, nigga [B-Real] '91 (*echoes*) Cypress Hill burst upon the scene Three crazy, gun-totin' niggas smokin' weed Talkin' about life on records was the whole plan So we put out The Phuncky Feel, (?) and Kill A Man (KILL A MAN! *echoes*) That was about the time we was openin' up for ?loyalty? Didn't know shit, we were jus' tryin' to rock the party '92 (*echoes*) a year later, 'bout a million records sold From doin' shows like Lollapalooza on the road Buildin' up momentum, whilst spittin' deadly venom Takin' pictures for High Times, three months (?) Chillin' with the Beastie Boys, smokin' lots of weed But it was time to hit the studio for another LP '93 (*echoes*) Black Sunday hits, with critical acclaim Had a monster hit from Insane In The Brain Topped the charts, held the spot, for six weeks to boot It was a trip to note, that we was the first ones to do it in rap music, but it was a feat none the less So we started gettin paid and I stopped smokin' STRESS! Chorus [B-Real] '94 (*echoes*) still in the door and we conquered many tours With Rage Against The Machine, House Of Pain and many more Was even invited to Woodstock, some niggas from the block called up Eric Bobo and half a million rocked How could all this happen at 24 years of age? Half a million bouncin' to your shit from off the stage '95 (*echoes*) I was alive and survived so far (*"(Rap) Superstar"  xylophone*) Still tryin' to cope with bein' a Rap Star 'Cos that's the type of shit that can really affect your mental This was evident, in the way I broke the tempo With confusin,("I'm havin' Illusions") pain, and (?) illusions But I still kept my set up with the critics bein' abusive (yeah) Even the record company, they became illusive When it comes to showin' support for the Cypress institution '96 (*echoes*) wit' no support we were still makin' moves Cypress Hill, in the summer, we were on the Smokin' Grooves But like every legend every click, someone had to split So the Dog left the house, shit was gettin' kinda thick I was with the electric lady, we was talkin' about babies but the groupies on the road don't help me from misbehavin' Chorus (Just 1 repeat) [B-Real] '97 (*echoes*) was the trip, it was the year we killed the feud Between us and Cube, over shit nobody knew The Dog came back home (*barking*) but after Smokin' Grooves 2 Chillin' with George Clinton and Erykah Badu This was a crazy time, we were flowin' off the boo Niggas on stage, trippin' on the 'shrooms '98 (*echoes*) was kinda great, cos it felt just like before We hit the studio, recorded Cypress Hill IV But someone dropped the ball, as I still recall 'Cos it felt Cypress Hill got no support at all We did the last Smokin' Grooves, but did it all with Sen and the old chemistry, just reared it's head again '99 (*echoes*) I got to recline, because there was no doubt That the first year was a success, of the Smoke Out '99 was even better than the year of '98 and Skull And Bones was comin' out, kickin' from the gate TWO-thousand! (*echoes*) 15 million records sold They broke the mould, but there's others along the road But we still keep rollin' on from Heaven to Atlantis Droppin' shit in English and makin' albums in Spanish Two-thousand and one! (*Echoes*) Goddamn, who knows what's in store? Just as long as motherfuckers know, who's knockin' on the door We remain unjaded and still we go unfaded See how long we made it and never ben outdated [B-Real] (Sen Dog) We ain't goin out, motherfucker (That's right, FUCK that!) You don't know (?)    ((?) time Cypress Hill)         (Motherfuckin' renovaters up here) Chorus [Outro - Kurupt] (It's the REEEEAAAAL!) Nigga, nigga Ni-ni-nigga The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Cypress Hill f/ King Tee, MC Ren Album: Stoned Raiders Song: Southland Killers Typed by: people_equal_lovely@hotmail.com Intro: [MC Ren] Yeah, y'all know what the fuck this is MC motherfuckin' Ren up in this bitch nigga Yeah, all y'all bitch-ass niggas out here talkin all that shit We 'bout to drop this motherfucker on y'all like this (*gun being loaded*) Punk ass niggas out here, nigga We some Southland Killers in this motherfucker (*gun is cocked*) (*GUNSHOT*) [MC Ren] Niggas all acrosss town, up in the suburbs While niggas makin' faces like The Rock on the curb  Nigga People's Elbow, the loud-mouthed hold  And groupie niggas bangin' for passes to the show (Can I get in?) Big-ass cheques wit' plenty of O's (O's) And hoes wit' big lips doin' what they suposed (yeah) Didn't have shit 'till I started to bust And y'all got shit 'cos of my balls are cussed Ren and Cypress Hill, they ain't liver than us  Nigga Legendary Villian, who started the fuss Nigga double glock, cocked, get your shit rocked Get your crib knocked, nigga have that rib popped Under bosses and trouble, they under my rubble Clone motherfuckers, always the villain, like The Hubble Fuck your bubble, I bust them shits Plaques and shit, grab my dick, spit these hits  Chorus [B-Real] All, my niggas, do you wanna ride wit' us? (Do ya wanna ride wit us?) (Killers!)  Throw your clips up, man we's about to bust (Man we's about to bust) (Killers!) Cy-press, Hill click, yeah we ready for war (Yeah we ready for war) (Killers!) All y'all niggas, better just hit the floor (Killers!) [King Tee] I'm close to the best thing, on the West Wing Blown out your set, flames when the best sing It's a rep thing, haters feel they chest pain They feel it in they heart, I was there to test things Didn't arrest (?), the bullet-proof vest team These niggas shoot first they they askin (?) names It's less strain  It's all real, I bet fame, it's a chess game Wrong move and it's checkmate (That's right)  I might sound funny out here  But really, niggas get money out here  And hey, everyday is sunny out here So listen, don't play dummy out here King try for bust make your whole pack run Stacked enough cash so now I stack guns Fat ones, all cold and black ones  Southland Killin', it's just how that's done  Chorus [Sen Dog and B-Real] You can try to ride with the Hill, lie on the Hill but when your shit (?) is when die on the Hill We get, hot on the heel, rely on the steel When your paper gets pulled and you design is steeled Like you, signed the deal, or signed over your will [Sen Dog] BUSTERS GET SLAYED...! [B-Real] ...when you fuck around with Real Take time to feel, what I'm tellin' you hoes (Tellin' you hoes) You couldn't fuck around with me if I was sellin' you blows Just goes to show the incredible skill tell Bitch nigga, now you trapped under my wig well Gettin trampled, DUMPED on and thumped on Scraped on the six-five with the HAND ON THE PUMP SONG [Sen Dog] Don't even fuck with these Southland grandes We the vatos that run on Los Angeles Call me Mad Dog, if you think you know me If you're not sure then turn around and LEAVE SLOWLY! Chorus The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Cypress Hill Album: Stoned Raiders Song: Bitter Typed by: dalyricalmaster@tupac.com (B-Real) I lost my innocence at birth but I make no excuses for the trivial things and the pain life induces Bitches are wild, and so was I, young and stupid it's incredible, what a shitty circumstance produces them Criminals, led by the originals, high strung, motivated by the, principles some of us out - he used to think we were invincible on the corner bangin' and slangin' the high bitual Deadly rituals fill my head, nothin' spiritual Bullets filled up bodies like hands from my physical I got touched by the hot hands of bitter fools Divided and tempted snake bitten by the ridicule Frustration and hate filled my adrenaline I play doctors here's two bullets for your medicine I carry those days like a weapon close to me The memories of hot lead rippin' a hole through me (Chorus: B-Real) Son, fill your heater, how bout chase killer Rock 'em up and show you're no quitter Snakes' pit every ground I landed on Hated on, but I'm still standin' strong You hate the songs that you pump up all day long Hated on, but I'm still standin' strong Snakes' pit, every ground I landed on Hated on, but I'm still standin' strong Stand... (B-Real) So many, come and go in this lifetime that you serve Faces change, liscenses' everywhere you turn Gangsta's become blinded, visions become blurred Learned to stay alive to the real side of the curb You came along way but some still refuse to notice they turned they back on us and they tried to provoke us You ask about us, you talk trash about us walk fast around us, but my block fast allowed us Don't try to crowd us nigga, we'll smack you up Look around and see who's willin' to back you up You're in a ghost town and home alone like Macaulay nigga don't say my name nigga, don't even think of me Fire start spittin' from my grill piece, ya scorched up, touched up I'm the C4 that blew up your porch I spit venom quicker than the punch on your Porsche Venom so deadly I'll make your fuckin' life divorce ya Ask for Alamoney, bitches, you all phoney I'll make you sing the blues like you're Paulpau Coloney Go ask Moley, you in the middle of shit And anything you say I'll be known the shit The force drops hits a ball, makin' me die of laughter Cause I know what these son-of-a-bitches are after Your mind and soul, if your blind and cold then your true sign is shown, then your fuckin' mind is blown (Chorus: B-Real) Son, fill your heater, how bout chase killer Rock 'em up and show you're no quitter Snakes' pit every ground I landed on Hated on, but I'm still standin' strong You hate the songs that you pump up all day long Hated on, but we're still standin' strong Snakes' pit, every ground I landed on Hated on, but I'm still standin' strong Stand... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Cypress Hill Album: Stoned Raiders Song: Amplified Typed by: people_equal_lovely@hotmail.com [Intro] * "Say what?" scratched repeatedly * [Sen Dog] I be that, short-temper, hostile rhyme bringer Lifestyle gone wild, similar to rock singers Check me on the big screen, livin' out my dreams Cypress, Assassins, SX, latin thug thing Fools think they get bad, I ain't really with that  Flavour of the month, bro, (?) try to dispatch Always got the good badge, take it to the head Got me wasted like Jerry from the Grateful Dead Don't trip, get a grip, be strong and don't fake it Or else you get beat down, an' stripped butt-naked I just kick the lyric, straight from the spirit You can tell I got soul first time as you hear it Chorus - Sen Dog and B-Real (repeat 2x) Welcome to the show, all come inside You can hear proper sound when it's Amplified You wanna party with the best and say "fuck the rest" 'Cos we take away ya stress and never settle for less [B-Real] When you deal with the Hill, keep your mouth still If you rely on your skill then rely on your steel If you have no ideal, or any thoughts to feel What you sought was real, to give 'em slots to fill Busters stop to deal But I face them, quicker than takin' a box of pills Now you gots to chill Get cops and sheilds, steady, hark the (?) If they're lookin' for prey, ready to stalk and kill As I lock the wheel, don't you mock the drill 'Cos I'll cock my steel, make you drop and spill Got no mercy unless you talk to deal Quit talk and kneel, you won't top my will, bitch! Chorus (repeat 2x) * "Say what?" scratched some more* [Sen Dog] Ain't no-body better, on that you can bet (CY-PRESS!) Wanna see a dope show? Put your money on my set Real emcees and real DJs Real South-siders from the heart of LA Now, back in the day we had big sucess And it's like that now and we won't settle for less You can beat the LB from the new latin lingo Nowadays you nothin', without a hit single Time to get loco, and put bodies in motion Hit the stage in a rage, and start up a commotion No I ain't jokin, see my mic smokin'? I slam it like the art and make sure it's broken Chorus (repeat 2x) *scratching to fade* The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Cypress Hill Album: Stoned Raiders Song: It Ain't Easy Typed by: people_equal_lovely@hotmail.com [B-Real] I remember times I hustle, times I struggle Times I had to get over the everyday shuffle People tryin' to muffle my thoughts and all my dreams too People who I thought were down, and see true But I blame me too 'cos it's a Chronicle  My life, I realise I'm responsible for obstacles  In front of me, my own self to blame But I worked hard to receive the wealth and fame  It's a worthless game, but if you're willing to play There's sharks in the water who are, willing to pay  The price of your soul, but if you give it away You silly motherfuckers are all commited to stay  It's a cold world, but you still want a part of it So then you'd better fuck around and learn the art of it Don't walk through life with your blinders on 'Cos you'll keep goin' crazy 'til your mind is gone Chorus : B-Real (repeat 2x) It Ain't Easy, but you got people tryin', to put you down, believe me I keep gainin' ground, It Ain't Easy How many times, must you decieve me? [Sen Dog] I been around for many days, of musical mainstays Cypress, is Worldwide and we like it that way You can't fade-ER, or compare TO The Original Pyscho-Baiter  Got the next rhyme and we'll check you all later  Can't nobody fuck with them Cypress Hill Raiders Heard it all before and I don't need no more  Advice on the game and how to kick hardcore Played the game out here with the best Toured around the world and got big respect  Now, what's (?) all with this year 2000's?  We puttin the Smackdown and we ain't clownin' Not many have lasted Since we first blasted Up on the scene, singin' about the dream Recruitin' for our team, niggas know what I mean ?Damn?, you defy, when you live or die Chorus (repeat 2x) [B Real] Times I hated, times I waited Times I went by where I was drunk and faded They said I wouldn't make it, but where are those people now? Still hatin', creatin' all the evil now Your insecurties are showin', exposin' you  You're trippin' on me and showin' emotions too Don't you spend your life full of envy, it's deadly Heed me, as I spit the venom believe me [Sen Dog] I keep my guard up, and always let you see my rage I get pissed, like a pitbull in a cage (*barking*) Not that many can deal with the fury Attack and ransack and kill in a hurry I kill and observe and go in an instant I bring the pain like the ?Rampark? Prison  I kept it right for the brother to the ?Chullo? Something I bump when your gates in the (?) Chorus [B-Real] It Ain't Easy, but you got people tryin', to put you down, believe me I keep gainin' ground, It Ain't Easy How many times, must you decieve me? It Ain't Easy, but you got people tryin', to put you down, believe me I keep gainin' ground, It Ain't Easy It Ain't Easy, yo, It Ain't Easy The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Cypress Hill Album: Stoned Raiders/Bones Soundtrack Song: Memories Typed by: riceboy604@shaw.ca As I sit in my silver stack thinking about way back Even before I started blazing the chronic sack I was a go wild unfocused troublesome kid Looking up to all the gangsters and the shit they did I was at unimpressionable age through a faze An unmentionable stage deranged full of rage Walking through life in a haze with dark clouds Hanging over my head being wicked and loud And sometimes those demons haunt me and taunt me Follow me pursue me confuse me they want me They come at me from all angles and dangles Memories in front of me, but I wont run away I put the gun away but sometimes my hand ditches But I don't want to get locked away cause I whack bitches I left those ways back in the old days So go away I don't got no time to throw away Memories they haunt me (they haunt me) they follow me To the day I die (we fight and we struggle out here so we can stay alive) Memories they haunt me (they haunt me) they follow me To the day I die (got to do what I got to do out her so I can survive) I got my education on the streets And I learned how to spit rhymes out with or without beats To say whatever I went through or going through Tripping off people who acting like they been knowin you Learn how some of these record companies be holdin you Attaching an image in the end controllin you  But we set out to set ourselves apart And let these people know just what they had from the start It's like Ghostface said we studied our art form We turned the mike on and spit a fucking dark storm People slept on me and doubted my skill level But I'm tenacious and I got a strong will level You been introduced to some of the real rebels Injected with venom from god to kill devils Memories they haunt me (they haunt me) they follow me To the day I die (we fight and we struggle out here so we can stay alive) Memories they haunt me (they haunt me) they follow me To the day I die (got to do what I got to do out her so I can survive) Memories they haunt me (they haunt me) they follow me To the day I die (we fight and we struggle out here so we can stay alive) Memories they haunt me (they haunt me) they follow me To the day I die (got to do what I got to do out her so I can survive) I remember my days as youth Teenage gangsters with somethin to prove See man amuse and we creep and we strew Catch your ass slipping and dump on their crew Just -- having fun but you crazy kids Never thought about no prison beds Got gang-sters twenty-five and alive Never see the kids all fucking wild But that's the game and shit don't change Get respect for smoking brains You get a name and you build your rep You courting fools coming in your set Before you know we're having fun Slamming doping and packing gun Leaving mad traces and blasting their faces Got a hundred years for all my fucking cases Memories they haunt me (they haunt me) they follow me To the day I die (we fight and we struggle out here so we can stay alive) Memories they haunt me (they haunt me) they follow me To the day I die (got to do what I got to do out here so I can survive) Memories they haunt me (they haunt me) they follow me To the day I die (we fight and we struggle out here so we can stay alive) Memories they haunt me (they haunt me) they follow me To the day I die (got to do what I got to do out here so we can survive) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Cypress Hill Album: Stoned Raiders Song: Psychodelic Vision Typed By: don_vaskez@freemail.hu Intro: Lalalala-lala-lalala x4 [Verse 1] I'll admit, I was a wild seed when I was a kid Slangin dope, poppin Shroomz and droppin lots of 'cid Psychodelic visions would ensue my view Feelin the alter-states as they altered my fate But our sordid due, all that distorted shit brought it up I came short and couldn't afford to store it up So I began to record it on audio The autobiography of Luis Mario Something that's unbelievable, inconceivable That half the shit I set out to do was achievable But alas, look at all the shit come to pass While we remained strong, others broke like glass Cos you lack style, and you need all the help brother Cos you're fragile, and it should say it on your cover: This side up, for the celebrity Who lacks intelligence, integrity, intensity Oh it's true, I got you in that angle like Kurt But don't go gettin your fuckin feelings hurt I spit many bars of heat, that burn like a furnace, I pour rhymes out like  Coffee spillin out your 'dermis [Hook] (Lalalala-lala-lalala) I got my 9mm at my waist, papa I got my shotgun in the escalade, papa You feel groggy then jump and get sprayed, papa I don't wanna but you dug your own grave, papa x2 [Verse 2] You know me and you've grown with me And if I had a big enough pad, I'd take you all home with me I don't walk around with bodyguards, that's not me I'm hangin out with the people as my posse Used to have a lot of enemies with bad intentions Spreading gossip like disease, creating lots of tension People turn around when you become a star it seems But others hate you all cos you've fulfilled all your dreams They smile in your face and act like nothing's wrong When you turn your back, they hate, and play one of your songs Why don't you take your mask off, look me in the eye? You afraid I might blast-off and call you on your life? Take a deep one, and peep son Retribution comes around more than once, like a re-run You're a cheap one, the hill's so steep, son You're just another one who gets thrown in the quay, son [Hook] [Verse 3] You know they smile in your face You know they try to take space I let you punks know you ain't safe Cos you know you're just dead-weight But at the present day they gettin stalled out for some reason But not from me, because it's punk-hunt season Charged with high-treason, I'm easin the blow never The body that you're leasin, ain't gonna roll forever So think about that, is it worth the pain? When you flirt with pain, bitch it'll hurt your brain But you're thick-headed, numbskull and rig-setted It was the moment you feared, when my venom spreaded [Hook] You know they smile in your face You know they try to take space I let you punks know you ain't safe Cos you know you're just dead-weight x2 The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Cypress Hill Album: Stoned Raiders Song: Red, Meth & B Typed by: jamiewebster85@hotmail.com Y'all ready for this? Ha! I don't think so! Yeah! Oh, listen to this! We gonna come at ya! [Redman] Cypress Hill! Yo yo yo - all my niggas say jump up, doc broke out the kennel A dog on four paws spittin' out the window Jump up! It aint no need to fight We may squeeze the pipe, you gonna bleed tonight I eat beans and rice, shit up a storm I walk the streets with shark fin off my arms Doctor Dolittle, lit off the bone My bracelet like I raised it off the farm Home-grown, thick, dirty  My family feud dudes who pack 2's on survey Jersey and house  Gun like an elephants snout Pull ya ambulance out Ya whole team'll get bombarded Ya on target, and bombed by some unsigned artists We leave ya hair cut like a blind barber Cut it, and gave you a line with fine markers I won't leave till the job is done Till the last prick nigga take ya wallet, RUN Doc with the shotty and we both catch a body with Cypress Hill Yeah! (Chorus: B-Real) We don't give a fuck, we live it up till the day we die You try to deal with us, but you got no blunts to get high You won't be real with us, but ya reelin' us and you want to ride You try to deal with us, but you got no blunts to get high [Method Man] Yo, yo Blunt smokin', half a bottle of remi open You either holdin' or half-assed like semi-colon I leave ya chokin' on them lollipop rhymes ya callin' So hard, hell I crack the shell on ya candy coatin' If the shoes fit like Alan I be too thick Ever since you hit, yo my new chicks a new bitch Ya know if I can't eat, ya can't sleep Plus I'm in denial, I just can't admit defeat My mind is my glock, keep my third eye cocked Bust mines off tops, leave a rapper's nerves shocked Now who's hot and who's not I want them rocks and that money in ya two socks  Meth the mister, if crime is an art, then let me paint a picture I'm gone, Kodak can't even frame the riddler Gold realin', Meth, doc, Cypress Hiller Whoever think they fuckin' with that, lets be realer (Chorus) [B-Real] Take the back seat and smash beats  Smoke blunts through ya lungs and flips ya brain cells like athletes Run a track meet, the rhymes on ya rap sheet With the foot long crush bong, look your collapsing, sicko They go on the break-off, mental breakdown and shit you wouldn't think of I spread it to Reggie, chances are better but deadly You wanna be friendly on the get high Bentley You twisted up, burnt out within seconds Cos you couldn't hang with the John Blaze methods Bong hittin', doc spittin', shark bitten  Star stricken, glock clickin', stop shittin' Inhale the smoke from the master's lungs You wanna roll up, yo I'm the fastest one (ha!) You wanna test with the sess, well first off That shit is funny like Kid Rock with his shirt off (Chorus) X2 The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Cypress Hill f/ Mellow Man Ace Album: Stoned Raiders Song: Lowrider Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash, joe.bloe@sympatico.ca [Mellow Man Ace: repeat 2X] Low-ri-der.. low-ri-der.. [Intro: B-Real] + (Mellow Man Ace) Aww, comin through fo' real we Cypress Hill, ohh baby Got that crunk, for yo' trunk, goin gangsta crazy We some real life hustlers, playin games in the street We got that low-ri-der, scrapin dippin on three (low-ri-der) So pop your collar, give a holla, throw yo' dubs in the air We tear the roof, off the mother, lady let down yo' hair Playa do that thang, that make you feel alright (low-ri-der) Smoke that tree, crack that brew, we gettin freaky tonight [B-Real] Now when people are done, bumpin they head to this You wonder why you wanted anything instead of this We been makin you bounce, for many years already Rock steady and cut, many niggaz to confetti But I just want to blaze it up; whether it's the mic or a spliff Yes my gift is to amaze you all Thought I couldn't come for ten my friend, but guess what? I slay niggaz and still savin my best nut (low-ri-der) But you better cover your eyes, cause you never know when I spit it out and start some flowin I drop rhymes that grow like trees you're smokin Ear drums feel like lungs, your brain's chokin Just let it soak in, seep in, creep in I'm keepin, all you motherfuckers in the deep end (low-ri-der) You wanna trip? Then I got luggage I stuff you in and send you off, cause you ain't rugged [Chorus] + (Mellow Man Ace) Aww, comin through fo' real we Cypress Hill, ohh baby Got that crunk, for yo' trunk, goin gangsta crazy We some real life hustlers, playin games in the street (low-ri-der) We got that low-ri-der, scrapin dippin on three So pop yo' collar, give a holla, throw the dubs in the air (low-ri-der) We tear the roof, off the mother, lady let down yo' hair Playa do that thang, that make you feel alright (low-ri-der) Smoke that tree, crack that brew, we gettin freaky tonight [B-Real & Sen Dog] Cause, we're Cypress Hill, come on and ride with us Just get inside, we bouncin dippin, chop it up real tough Lean to the side, pimp yo' hat, tilt yo' seat on back Don't front on me, baby boy, and break bread with the sack (low-ri-der) [Sen Dog] I be the vato with the fine hoodrat in the ranfla Always roll deep on the streets like the mafia Pleito, just might come back and haunt ya Flossin too much, no vato's gonna want ya Not right here homes, we're past all of that Makin that feria, spittin that raps Ya me conoces, I'm down for my calle Cypress Ave, y el puro desmadre (low-ri-der) Ya tu sabes, we don't play that shit Any pendejo's gettin hit up quick Whassup ese? What hood you claim? Now throw it up and down like it ain't no thang (low-ri-der) Hands in the air with the pinky rings Soul Assassins, runnin everything To all you vatos, make sure you check this In every barrio, I'm well respected (low-ri-der) [Mellow Man Ace: repeat 4X to fade] Low-ri-der.. low-ri-der.. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Cypress Hill Album: Stoned Raiders Song: Catastrophe Typed by: dalyricalmaster@tupac.com (B-Real) I slay punks who don't know their own identity You spit my name and use it like an obscenity You got more skulls in your closet than a Kennedy You on my nuts so you better hold tenderly I can tell you what's crackin' and done get splitten You corrosin' on the floor, shaken and snake bitten You in a cold sweat like James of the names you knew Don't mean shit to me and you ain't got a clue of what's about to happen - interaction Two worlds collide - one survives the reaction Hold tight, keep yourself together cause we're about to storm you like shitty weather (Chorus: B-Real & Sen Dog) (B-Real) I can see what you see what you asked for it has to be You set yourself up for catastrophe (Sen Dog) Set yourself up for catastrophe and that's the only way that is has to be The whole damn world is mad at me But I don't give a damn, I'm just glad to be All pain and the fame a society, actuality, it's a formality How can I say: "You ain't shit to me" Without you takin' it personally (Sen Dog) Ten, proper years of bringin' funk I, still count mine, it's hella gettin' over the hump I got the loads on the skull, I got my hand on the pump Still got the boss to go nutty on you punks (yeah!) I don't wanna be the King of the Sing Just a Soul Assassin for the Cypress Team I rhyme and sing and make bitches scream They love that old South Side gangsta lean Call the Psycobeta, I guess you're crackin' Turn into Mad Dog when I start rappin' Look at hostile - ah, damn wild Shake you up in a hurry from the voodoo child Don't get caught up hangin' on the mortar Hold on and I'll turn y'all punks all wild (Chorus: B-Real & Sen Dog) (B-Real) I can see what you see what you asked for it has to be You set yourself up for catastrophe (Sen Dog) Set yourself up for catastrophe and that's the only way that is has to be The whole damn world is mad at me But I don't give a damn, I'm just glad to be All pain and the fame a society, actuality, it's a formality How can I say: "You ain't shit to me" Without you takin' it personally (10, 9, 8, 7, 6, 5, 4, 3, 2, 1, come on!) (B-Real) I'm tired of whack rappers and fame seekers Like you know the deal to be in my same sneakers I don't mind exposin' you hollow bitches I got the medicine over the swallow bitches You play roles like an actor but get no oscar Gun spray, gunned away, cut from the roster You're just an imposter, you lost your composure Respect your exposure to bring you to your closure But you're in denial and still remain vile In a place within last style and senseless wild I take you down the long trail you failed to keep up That's when you get introduced to the street sweeper (Chorus: B-Real & Sen Dog) (B-Real) I can see what you see what you asked for it has to be You set yourself up for catastrophe I can see what you see what you asked for it has to be You set yourself up for catastrophe I can see what you see what you asked for it has to be You set yourself up for catastrophe I can see what you see what you asked for it has to be You set yourself UP FOR CATASTROPHE!!! (Sen Dog) Set yourself up for catastrophe and that's the only way that is has to be The whole damn world is mad at me But I don't give a damn, I'm just glad to be All pain and the fame a society, actuality, it's a formality How can I say: "You ain't shit to me" WITHOUT YOU TAKIN' IT PERSONALLY... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Cypress Hill f/ Kokane Album: Stoned Raiders Song: L.I.F.E Typed by: ChrisCypress@Hotmail.com * * send corrections to the typist [Bobo] Once again We're back It's the big bad Cypress Hill You know what time it is [Beat fades in] {5x} Whoop Legalize it, Cypress Hill will advertise it Legalize it (Yeah) Cypress Hill will advertise it Will ADVERTISE IT! Chorus - Cypress featuring Kokane Once Upon,  *singing* Muggs, Sen Dog *Bing* B-Real and Bobo L.I.F.E (Now Here it is ) Why, Why, Why (Bo Bo Bo Bo) Cypress Hill is still here We're from *?* those glad emcees Stilly Puffin Weed, Weed Why Diddely Why  Why, Why, Why Why-y-y [B-Real] Never fucked like this But I smoke blunts like this (Ha!) People ask: Why you pull stunts like this? (and like that?) Cuz I believe in doing what I got' a A lot' a people don't understand nada The Mic burns you as it turn's to a slaughter You wanna think about Chilling the fuck out You all (C'mon chill) Top Allah, Pop color Niggas, LatinThugs All my family love winners Beginners get pushed to back of the pack Invented and left out without no attack You're at the top of the game But you work on a name It took one day to put us in the walk of fame (Yo) Don't call a name to recall the fame Eventually Dru Hill is in the hall of fame You know what the deal is You know what the HILL is You know what the B-Real is You know what my skill is Chorus & Hook 4X [Sen Dog] I get mental This ain't no pad and a pencil Throw the microphone my only utensil I tag the cheque like I got nothing to lose (That's right) I test myself set up, just shut up And brew that C-Y-P-R-E-S-S Got you funky and I real deaf Put it to the test And you will confess Soul Assassins is the best Check it homeboy, got to spot cracking (echoes) Sixth LP from that ThugDogLatin I turn the heat up and keep it hot Always give ya mo' and then thank we got Phreak the HIP HOP and the hot ride I'm home to make shows and I came right At first 'self titled' , became an idol Back when I was seen in a Sub town barrio  Chorus & Hook 4X Now Here it is Bo Bo Bo Bo [B Real] Why Diddely Why  Why, Why, Why The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Cypress Hill Album: Stoned Raiders Song: Here is Something You Can't Understand Typed by: drealoz@hotmail.com * * send corrections to the typist Intro - [Kurupt] Yeah bitch Dogpound and Cypress you fuckers What you think about that? You brother's don't got it B-rizzle you know it, fo' shizzle My nizzle, you gon' get hizzle Relax by the kizzle An' go get us a couple hizzles You dizzles Yeah with Muggs What it is SEN DOOOOOOOOOOG! Keep it real gangster Yeah, B-Real, whaddya gotta say? [B-Real] Bitch you try to spit on, you best get on Before things start to happen and I lose my calm, Cuz I just wanna puff weed and tip my cup (Yeah), Smoking on a Kush Weed, not giving a Fuck, Rhyme Flow, Mack-o-hoes and stack dough! But niggas wanna do shit to make me react So "Insane In The Brain", let it rain on a bitch nigga Haning on my chain cuz you wanna be a rich nigga You can t feel me without the Braile I m like that shit that will catch you without the Yale Make busters pale 'cos they seen too much But really what they saw was me and Kurupt [Chorus] Repeat 4x [B-Real] Here is something you can't understand [Sen Dog] How I Could Just Kill A Man [Kurupt] Penetentionaries stuffed for centuries You gotta be real like me and B-Real See you shoot, you ride but we kill Concentrate unloadin' our steel Dippin', hit up niggas, yes we will Riding on niggas that when the (?) spilled Pistols launch off and travel like arrows, animals, Hannibal (?) and unmanageable What you gonna get, nigga? (?) I sic the hot girls on you, so struck by (?) Get em up drive by, Watch em gone drive by Yeah paranoid, we drive by till we die You niggas really don't know shit, I treat niggas like hoes when they silly dumb BIATCH! Hook 1 - Kurupt (repeat 2x) Here is something that they just don't get I don't give a fuck nigga, I don t give a shit Here is something that they just know Back/Crack to Fo, creepin' through the back door [Kurupt] I just DOPE BLAST 'em... [B-Real] ... 'Cos I ain t finished yet I see remains of someone you ain't deminished yet We re like a pack of *panorama* In Your *Soul Assessino* Attackin you, till there is nothing left for your mama East side, do or die? Niggas wanna ride Hitting switches in the Cadillac, getting thru real high 'Cos we live this, (?) this, beatin' like a pistol whip Don't pull out ya gat if ya gunna let ya pistol slip [Sen Dog] I'm ignorin' all the DUMB SHIT, 'cos these vatos can't hang With the Mad Dog, nigga, out here runnin' thangs Dump on that ass if you fuck with my business Stop Pop, and drop all of you witness Glocks lock, and unlock if you listen Buck shots, hard stops, no more snitches That's what you get when you fuck with the Real Hardcore Nigga said "Pack That Steel" [Chorus 4x] [Kurupt] Yeah The streets is ran, by heats and mini vans Invadin the spaces, chucks and fat laces The "I Don't Give A Fuck" committee's just arrived With millis and fifty-fives Homicidally, I've seperated the busters Blasted the snitches, broke the switches Fucked the bitches, invaded the glitches Stole the riches, booked the (?) Like fuck ya (?), nigga [B-Real] Poet in the streets, niggas livin' on the edge We take it to the Darkside, gettin' in your head While you haunt us like a fed, we twist you like a dreadlock Has I got to hammer talkin bitches in the bed? While you fuckin' with the Soul Assassins in the dark town And all my latin dog-niggas get to hold it down Now your violatin' 'cos you haters know i'm waitin' In the silver stack in the parkin' lot With the handle cocked Hook 2 - Kurupt {Sen Dog} (repeat 2x) Here is something, that I think you just can t understand {How I could just kill a man!} And you wonder why and how it is I could just kill a man {How I could just kill a man!} You see, in these streets I pack my heat cuz should it be for real {How I could just kill a man!} And if you think you wanna come and test me, then come deal with my steel {How I could just kill a man!} [Outro - Kurupt] You just don't understand How I could just, kill a man (yeah) La la la la, la la la la-la The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Cypress Hill  Album: Stoned Raiders  Song: Weed Man (Bonus Track)  Typed by: dalyricalmaster@tupac.com  (*Inhale, exhale repeated throughout intro*)  (Intro: B-Real)  You know, there are times when, you run out of weed  There's no one you can call  But at last there is one person you can call - Weed Man  (B-Real)  I've had drop dates with no weed to smoke  No roaches, no nothin' when I need to toke  Damn, where can I find some shit to puff on  damn I need the kye cause it's gettin' tough on me (me)  Cause I'm a lumberjack and tree's  get chopped up and packed up and sold to D  Bolo's are free, did you hold one fee?  Herchers for the herbics no waterin' the seeds  Some of your friends just really see me  cause sussin' this, losin' no GHC  The pigs always wanna PH me, my gush hits harder than some GHB  But some of these swine wanna hit off mine  I just sit back, recline, and never waste time  I'm the lead man, you read man, you need man  Call me and all inhale- "The Weed Man"  (Chorus: Sen Dog)  (Inhale, exhale), Weed Man, Weed Man  (Inhale, exhale), Weed Man, Weed Man  (Inhale, exhale), Weed Man, Weed Man  (Inhale, exhale), gettin' me HIGH!!  (Inhale, exhale), Weed Man, Weed Man  (Inhale, exhale), Weed Man, Weed Man  (Inhale, exhale), Weed Man, Weed Man  (Inhale, exhale), gettin' me HIGH!!  (B-Real)  You can always call me all day, all light  Service with a smile, make you feel all right (yeah!)  From college-heads, co-ex and dreadlocks  lawyers, teachers, doctors buy my stock  So many call on me for what I got  So many try to compete to take my spot  Caked out, how many dimes dropped?  How many times I lost one of my plots?  The competiton was to knock me out  The D.E.A. want to lock me out  Broke in my home tryin' to sock me out  But the true blue stoners never locked me out  I'm easy to find, call me whenever  You need some green and I'll make you feel better  I'm the lead man, you read man, you need man  Call me and inhale - "The Weed Man"  (Chorus: Sen Dog)  (Inhale, exhale), Weed Man, Weed Man  (Inhale, exhale), Weed Man, Weed Man  (Inhale, exhale), Weed Man, Weed Man  (Inhale, exhale), gettin' me HIGH!!  (B-Real)  I'm the most well-loved, bringin' the bud  Stickin' the club up, everybody ridin' my nuts  What? You say you want credit? You must be high  There's no free rides on my supply  Unless you're one of my friends you need no ends  just sit back and wait for the joint to begin  But if you know someone in need of this weed leaf  You can take my number down and beep me  I'll hook you up if you look me up  Just don't give my number to a rookie huh!  Then I'll cut you off and brush you off  Never trust you and won't dicuss your loss  I'm the lead man, you read man, you need man  Call me and inhale - "The Weed Man"  (Chorus: Sen Dog)  (Inhale, exhale), Weed Man, Weed Man  (Inhale, exhale), Weed Man, Weed Man  (Inhale, exhale), Weed Man, Weed Man  (Inhale, exhale), gettin' me HIGH!!  (Inhale, exhale), Weed Man, Weed Man  (Inhale, exhale), Weed Man, Weed Man  (Inhale, exhale), Weed Man, Weed Man  (Inhale, exhale), gettin' me HIGH!!  (Outro: B-Real)  There it is motherfuckers, you run out of weed  Call somebody like me and I'll hook you up  No stems, no seeds and things that you don't need  That's right! I'm the Weed Man  Don't trip I got gush, for a high price hoe... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Cypress Hill Album: Till Death Do Us Part Song: Another Body Drops Typed by: googolplexian@optusnet.com.au * * send corrections to the typist [Verse One] My first mission Running through the hood with small jacks My memories popping in my head recall that Late night creeping through the alley with six dudes Scraped up everybody focused no mixed views The sawed off pump in my hand with two shells The other four homies on the scene with cocktails One nigga looking for po po Someone looking through windows The doorbells go followed by the pump and gas bomb Adrenaline pumped up Still I remain calm House lit up You can see it for eight blocks Running through the hood Running from them fake cops They gave chase but they couldnt cover the streets up We broke out ran into the spot to meet up Strapped down cover up the tracks And back home Lay low earn me a strap Perfect [Chorus 4X] Shoot Em Up Bang Bang Another body drop You can't stop the hip-hop [Verse Two] I'll hit your block up Better lock up Fuck the gangsta shit, it don't stop a I'm mad dog with the bomb in the regal Going to the mall, and kill all your people Coast to coast, and a lil more evil The maniac killer Car so diesel Ride the block with m16 44 mag Fit this here hand grenade I'll break it off right quick Niggaz be duckin when they see my bucket Roll down their block they high they say fuck it Jump back and forth Like a assassin 30 yards with the inferred action True pistolire Black Doc Holiday Just a true raider of the modern day [Chorus 4X] [Verse Three] I ran all missions When I was a youth so thoughtless G ride no fingerprints, its spotless 6 4 sitting on easy we got this Rag top down like a stripper we topless See me hit the corner you melt down Slugs fly thugf die moment you fell down Somebody screaming yo get the hell down I'm certified nigga, where you sitting is spell bound Your dogs walking, just hearing the hell hounds Burn you with the heaters spitting out 12 rounds Its life in the hood No escaping the gun play One day I'm out, gotta figure out some way Rats in the park Dark scattering thugs spray Got you locked in, not one slug was stray I found ways out, but it seems to be one way Gotta duck my darts back until Sunday [Chorus 4X] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Cypress Hill Album: Till Death Do Us Part Song: Till Death Comes Typed by: googolplexian@optusnet.com.au * * send corrections to the typist [Chorus 2X] My game so strong, I can't go wrong My dough so long, baby why prolong Baby we get high, Baby we get dough Baby we can party all night till death come [Verse One] We been in the game for a long time Yes we're battle tested With the time and the emotion, and the money invested And if you think hard No one elses game is tighter Check the network, up in ya fucking service provider I bought you thug shit Thought you drug shit Got you bugged shit Tell me what we havent done We run you through course son Leave you understanding what the street life is But you haters never understand So eat my dick You better Get on your concentration If you ready to roll on me And good bitches if you wanna unload on me Cause if you miss you won't get that far Ill have you jumping fences And running down the treet like a track star I'm at the finish line, its essential We so influential Well strip you of your street credential Game recognize, game we all about Think you can deminish mine Look homey I got a career [Chorus 2X] [Verse Two] They call me dog homey Look I don't sell woof tickets I got my fingers on the trigger And I'm ready to click it I never back down Theres nothing you cand do to me nigga Who the fuck are you Your face is really new to me nigga You wanna run with the dog Try paying your dues homes Bum nigga yelling every time that I use chrome So many niggaz, aint none of them blast, the right lights In the woods be stunning their ass I took a chance To advance, in my life believe it It takes a stand to be a man Plus the gang conceited Fools trying to be hard They only act the role You little sorry ass bitches, Ill smack you hoes Try to fool people Make em think you something your not I'm exposing all you bitches By provoking the crowd Raw dogging, dying for some action, drama Your bitch shocked out Bullets through plastic dome [Chorus 2X] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Cypress Hill f/ Tego Calderon Album: Till Death Do Us Part Song: Latin Thugs Typed by: info@latinrapper.com, sokesleezy@aol.com [Sen Dog] Don't be like, uh, a Cubano Be like ? stoned marijuano Esta capitan pingolete Swing is here with the force of a machete Kick mad lingo from Spain to Tijuana Real hijo de puta homeboy ask yo mama No me importa pinga mi niña All I wanna know que 'ta bueno cinga Don't be scared echate pa' ca What's the play dog homeboy goin' on Ni**as O.G. straight veterano Master the Spanglish style encojonao Y'all fools know aqui no se juega Don't act a fool y no rompa las reglas We bien crazy ass asesino Get your guns ready aqui viene peligro [Chorus: Tego Calderon] Cypress con tego Llegaron los mero mero Cuba, Borinquen, Mexico entero Los Angeles, como arriba, andale Prende la mota, pero lo que quiero es pureza Cypress con tego Llegaron los mero mero Cuba, Borinquen, Mexico entero Los Angeles [B-Real] They call me papi chulo You know I'm puro I never fade away You see me comin' get your ass runnin I know you hate away Hit the leño harder than most ni**as you idolize Get it started quicker and hit you before you try to hide [Sen Dog] Latin thug roll deep pandillero Puro Los Angeles South side ghetto Carpeta black y perro loco Keep an eye on that fiend, porque yo me la cojo 'E pingado, poca lita Saco mi pinga y me signo la vista Can't get enough of them L.A. skonka Get a little wild y me como la chocha Listen up compa the big cypress loma Still right here y todavia te controla This aint no Telemundo special  The homies that I roll with for real will come wet you [Tego Calderon] Hey who the fuck is that Otro negro loco, daddy in a collabo Uno de lo vatos malos Mucha mucha bala pa' los raton e desmayan Que moriran seguro sin falla I aint neva scared you heard Otro bobo, esta jodieta yo la controlo Vete manso, vete y si quedate vivo Como quiera que te ponga lo que hay es castigo Sonido Latino, pistola, cuchillo Pa' defendenlo de los enemigos Esto son maligno, no tiene tiqueta ni signo Pero to' dicen lo mismo Siiiimon, Tegon, el de pajon, ese si que un cabron Un majon, blastin' all these motherfuckers Envidiosos, sapos y chotas Tirale pa' la cabeza, si se va, no regresa Eh pa' que su pandilla sepa Otro mas, de circulacion se va papa el no lloro ni la mama... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Cypress Hill f/ Damian Marley Album:  Till Death Do Us Part Song:   Ganja Bus Typed by: saira_nailuj@hotmail.com [Damian Marley] All aboard, and jump on the Ganja Bus We now want the new weed, beat under us Rollin' up, roll like we thunderous Somkin' up, Rasta not sprinkle dust Too much ecstasy, make manna exit us Too much fantasy, here upon next to us Fit in ganja weed, always notorious Sucker censor me, if you feel glorious We have weed in our cakes and Oreo's Believe me though, death upon your Marlboro You want my roll, on someone you hardly know This Marley grow, no time to move feet Make it slow, you tellin' me no Say you want to start the show Like cool, Johnny Depp and you want to blow You shot, direct; that means you are far bellow You start to take, substances up in your nose [Chorus: Damian Marley - 2X] No nina where you find me Some boy go rich, blow ninety And smokin' like a genie The skunky and the greenie [B-Real] On the ganja bus, they comin' after us We makin' stops all over Los Angeles On the block, where the weed that get scandalous When we run around, police can't handle us They wanna clout the bus, and on the top be us They never wanna come around, just a rowdy bunch Tengo el poder, tu no aguantas Yo sé, que el juego es dificil para usted Despiertate, no dejes to gente ver Tu situacion cuando no puedes mantener En fuerza que nosotros, enseñale Deja tu vida sin rastros, escondate Portate, we flyin' up tu +santrope+ And if you want we can jet through Maldigo B [Chorus: Damian Marley - 2X] No nina where you find me Some boy go rich, blow ninety And smokin' like a genie The skunky and the greenie Senn Dogg! [Sen Dog] Cuando fumo yo no juego, pásame el fuego Me lo fumo todo, quememe los dedos En la mañana cuando me levanto Antes que nada, yo quemo un pipaso Enamorado con la yerba buena comida cubana y las nalgas morenas todas las nenas saben que yo tengo las colitas, vete en mi leño no hay nadie que me quite el vicio marihuano por vida, oiste chico? Mundo entero quiero que me entiende La cara virgen wanna va tu mente [B-Real] It's so hazardous Take a strive with us When it's over California, we react the bus We fabulous, your talk don't mean jack to us Better fear for your ass the assassins come Pass ya' blunts, gonna have to mash it up For you conniving mothafuckers wanna stash it up You actin' up, we can't have that's whats up Listen Muggs on the table gonna slash it up [Chorus] (2x) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Cypress Hill Album: Till Death Do Us Part Song: Busted in the Hood Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [B-Real] WELLLLLLLLLLLLLL... here's a little story, I got to tell About a thugged out homey, I know so well It started way back, when I was a teen In the hood, on the corner, slangin dope to fiends Had the little stash that could serve your need You can do what you want but I got weed for me Ridin for my fam, tryin to hit a grand CRASH unit on my ass, now I'm in demand One lone-ly fami-ly I be All in the hood, I got no-bo-dy The sun is beatin down on my red dark hat Pigs are roamin through the alley so I gotta toss my gat Forgot about the sack, lookin for a place to hide If they ask me for my name - fuck 'em, I'ma lie!"  One O.G. gangsta I be Busted in the hood, I got no more weed Pigs are comin down on my gangsta stash When they caught me with the weed, and the dope and hash [B-Real] He said a little somethin, I wasn't so impressed No more runnin homey, now you're under arrest The sack was in my hand, felt like a sack of bricks I swore he couldn't see it when I threw it in my whip He said he wanted some, I said I don't have none Found it in the sun on the floor next to my gun Next thing I saw was the gun to my head Now the lead will make me dead, and yo this is what he said [Sen Dog] My name is Sgt. Slacker with a license to kill (uh-huh) I think you know what time it is, it's time to get real (yea) Now what do we have here? A banger and his peers [B-Real] He cuffed my hand you understand he threatened me with tears Sorry motherfucker had his gun out with a grin You think the story's over but it's ready to begin [Sen Dog] Now I got your crack and most of your crew You got a couple choices of what you can do Better make the right decision if you know what I mean You can do some time, or fork over your green [B-Real] I said I got no green he started lookin at me harder I said I don't have nothin you can go fuck your daughter (WHAT?) He hit me with the fist, he hit me with the gat He put the night stick to my back, soooooooooooooo I think I'm done, the pig's got my gun It isn't lookin good, I got ink on my thumb Another pig walked in, said he's playin games He gave another look at me, found out my false name [B-Real] Sittin there pissed as I dwell in my cell The place smells like shit, in the County Jail Homey lookin at me like he seen me before He started throwin up a set, then he spit on the floor I think ay-yeah yo, I know this kid It's the same motherfucker cocktailed my crib This dude said - get ready - pulled a shank on me I said c'mon homey you a bit too sloppy Fool tried to stab me, socked him in the eye The guards yelled, "Give it up!" and let two fly The guards said down and we hit the floor If you make a move after you won't move no more He said I think you once again best protect ya neck I said eat a dick from me you don't get respect I said you wanna come with it, any time and place And I'll leave you like Pacino with a Scar-on-ya-face They put him in the hole, and all the bullshit stopped But when his boy had beef, yeah he got dropped P.D. had no witness, D.A. dropped the load I got probation for the gun and the dope, case closed [Chorus] - 2X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist:	Cypress Hill Album: Till Death Do Us Part Song: Money Typed by: ChrisCypress@Hotmail.com [DJ Muggs] Yo I got this plan to make some money I want you to keep this shit to yourself At 6:15 am this truck pulls out the post office I'm like a shootin' wisher Now it makes one stop before it goes to Sacramento which is a mail drop-off at First Federal Loan and Savings [B-Real] I did whatever I could to get by Slang dope, jack people, hands in the sky When you livin' on the edge, yeah holmie it's a high You get caught up in the drama and eventually you die Livin' in a hard world some are livin' lies Son you better wise up and open up your eyes Shit it never easy, homie people will connive Better have a hustle if you mean to survive Why you're so greedy, can you tell us all why Look homie believe me, you're fuckin' metal ply For the Dollar everybody is a target that's real Talkin' is smog you're fate's signed and sealed You could be the next one cross 'em in the path What maybe if you do the math you can avoid the blood bath All the Money that we stole too weak to take greed Give it to an honest man the Money is still deep [Chorus] x 4 Dollar bill y'all Dollar bill y'all Dollar dollar dollar dollar dollar dollar bill y'all [Sen Dog] Fiend for the mean green Never get enough is a mother fuckin' gangsta dream For the love of the cash flow You could live fast and you could die slow Show where's the can bet your ass you believe it 'Cause niggaz that you know try hard to be schemin' Work hard is fuck, for everything to rock You a dead motherfucker 'fore I get got Fools got game floss and drop names My move's faster than a runaway train Fuck the world, don't ask me for shit Catch you on your knees and you want some dick Spot a gold nigga with a hairline trigger Each root your name the reputation get bigger For the love of the Money, pussy, drugs Fools change and get all twisted up [Chorus] x 4 Dollar bill y'all Dollar bill y'all Dollar dollar dollar dollar dollar dollar bill y'all [B-Real] Only if ya better keep your eyes peeled 'Cause you were talkin' for jacks and that's real Whether you rap or do biz or drug deal Homie, for the Dollar you can get yourself killed He decided to jet, it could happen with no discussion Straps of all pain, fool's fuckin' eruptin' For the green little papers, jackin' your neighbors But what if your neighbor put arms in his favor Moved up the heater to mash you punk bitches Don't wanna earn shit, you wanna jack for the riches Nothin' in life's for free, my nigga learn that You burn someone, they might just burn back Scorchin' niggaz to the third degree Auh y'all triggers deserve to be Put out of you misery, you're history son When your body disappears then the mystery come [Chorus] x 4 Dollar bill y'all Dollar bill y'all Dollar dollar dollar dollar dollar dollar bill y'all The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Cypress Hill Album:  Till Death Do Us Part Song: Never Know Typed by: googolplexian@optusnet.com.au * * send corrections to the typist [Chorus 2X] You never know I just might die tonight so lets get hight tonight Might try to fight, some mothers cry tonight Cig in my right hand cause you hold tight to life But you ain't a bright man [Verse One] You know I live with the biggest hitters, crime committers And bull shitters Never had a quitter come with us Who had the jitters sine some bitter tasting minute I spit it for those who did it Like a soldier so committed to winning You never know who you running with nigga Who you gunning with, who you thugging with In times of struggle shit Never be blinded by diamonds they signin for weak nigga No sign of loyalty in anything you speak You never know You're breakable, celebrated but fadeable You're biodegradeable You just might die tonight Get out of my sight cause You ain't even know theres your fight [Chorus 2X] [Verse Two] I been through the scandal and handled them better than other vandals Hearing insane rambles saying that lifes a gamble Praying for just a sample in amble times To trample, example Enemies who shit they need a pamper You never know Every thug nigga living his life Giving his life meaning Haters in the wings, they feeling their pride stinging We here, death knocking its schocking We keep it popping homey We never stopping we keeping all you bitches dropping homey You never know I can see through and he got an evil intent I'm gonna see to him I think you all got the message its a hard lesson Yo aye you go to pray to god stressing [Chorus 2X] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Cypress Hill f/ Prodigy (Mobb Deep), Twin Album: Till Death Do Us Part Song: Last Laugh Typed by: googolplexian@optusnet.com.au * * send corrections to the typist [Verse One] Reflections of my own life flash like a fire Powder burns the memories life seems a bad dream Fall for cenetries physical and the mental When I crashed through work I was cursed but still I Quit my curse found my hustle Stack paper made it world wide Feeling the dream, dont be a hater son Think you the greater one Gotta put you on the fader son Cut your ass up see you later Gotta drop till your praying nigga You ain't a player hust a frail nigga I'm the slayer in your nightmares Unstoppable When you see me on the street Call a audible I got you covered, face it And you can't dodge this bullet baby This ain't the matrix Got to put you in your placement Hide your body in the basement Your boys wonder where your face went [Chorus 2X] Homey we keet those on us Smoke like mufflers To calm down/I sell But still explode Those things so fast/they know not to gas they self They can't fuck with us, we laugh last [Verse Two] Backbreakers of the game Many many musical Legendary criminal destined to be professional I rain supreme Ever since my days you rock vest just to push your range No doubt about it We grew up in the cloud Read up in your magazine just to see what were about Peep into the case, see me, ask Why that black ass nigga flow over the piano Droppin it good For that hoody in the front row Thats my good pro down for the juggalo Three guns busted for the battle man Shoot the whole scene make the motherfucker rattle Duece, double o, slow Church folk say we ain't got too many more Either man rush I'm gonna hit em with the head rush So be careful on what you trusting [Chorus 2X] [Verse Three] Yo I was walking on the block Heard a couple shots Caught one in the leg And I know who did it They gonna get it Wrap up my leg Bounced upstairs and got strapped up I love that drama shit I'm all gassed up I lit that kush up and got doughed up And thought about all the foul shit I did I can't help it, I was this way since a kid Then I slide out the crib Hunt down my pray The look in my eyes like I sniffed some yay Ran up on homes And blast away He passed away twin got the last laugh today Anybody front I keep that on me You had to die homey thats part of the game I got guns put niggaz don't know how to aim I'm in the shooting range mastering the art [Chorus 2X] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Cypress Hill f/ Tim Armstrong Album: Till Death Do Us Part Song: What's Your Number? Typed by: chriscypress@hotmail.com * * Chris is only the submittor; the original typist is unknown Let's go [B-Real] I met her a club, her friend liked me but she didn't She noticed a lot of girls giving up their phone digits She didn't wanna be one of those hoes In clothes exploiting her body from head to toes She had glossy lips she was swaying her hips On the dance floor and every nigga's flashing her grip Trying to impress her in vain she gave no play Niggaz hit her up for numbers and she said no way I thought to myself let it go and roll on, B But like Smokey said she really had a hold on me I couldn't stop staring I started to fantasize with her Voices in my head said she's tantalizing ya Even if I moved to the other side of the party I had pictures in my head of her moving that body I was beside myself with hunger pain So I slowly walked over and I asked her name [Chorus: repeat 2X] What's your name, what's your number? I'd like to get to know you Can we have a conversation? The night is young, girl give me a chance! [B-Real] She gave a smile but I got no answer though I took a while before she gave a chance she's acting cold I offered her a drink she turned me down blat She said if you want my name you gotta do better than that I said OK, now your shit don't stink I'ma walk away only tried to buy you a drink As I began to walk away she said I'm sorry for real But every guy in the club tried slipping me pills I don't trust guys each and every one will lie to you I said I understand but it's not what I try to do I wasn't even gonna come to your table But if I didn't I knew that I'd regret it later I go after what I want but I got class For me no need to slip a pill if I want ass She gave me a funny look I couldn't tell what it meant She let her guard down and on our conversation went [B-Real] She said I want a man with a plan and ambition Not an immature nigga on a "pussy-hit mission" I'm too good for that I have so much to offer Got a good job working at my mom and dad's law firm You got goals, that's what she asked Yeah I wanna fill my home with platinum plaques It takes hard work but you know it's coming after She said 'oh my God you must be a famous rapper!' I do all right but I'm never satisfied I'm told when you still love what you do it never gets old I strive for more but that's enough about me Why don't we skip out the club and take a walk on the street We slipped out of the club with no worries Seems she wanted to get out in a hurry We hung all night till we lost our friends Till they caught us bangin in the back of a Benz [Chorus] - 2X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Cypress Hill Album: Till Death Do Us Part Song: Once Again Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash  "Ladies and gentlemen.. boys and girls.. I bring to YOU" [Intro - samples + vocals] "Once again!" [B-Real] Once again it's Cypress Hill "Once again" .. "Once again!" [B-Real] Once again it's Cypress Hill  "The greatest show on Earth!" "Once again!" [B-Real] Once again it's Cypress Hill  "Back again!" "Once again!" [B-Real] Once again it's Cypress Hill  "I bring to YOU" [Verse One: B-Real] Welcome everyone, take ya places It's great seein all these familiar faces You want thug shit? We got a lot of it You wanna get high? I'm on top of it You want bottles? C'mon, we poppin it You want a revolution? Ain't no stoppin it Enemies try to fire back Desire that, find you where the tire track Cause we run ya down son, but in spite of that Got a joint? Fools give me my lighter back ... I'ma light up the bomb I'ma blaze 'til we set off the fire alarm No need for evacuation Find a honey that's ill for ejaculation She got friends, well the more the merrier No limits, no worries, no more barriers [Chorus 2X: B-Real, mixed with samples] Once again it's Cypress Hill We some ill-ass niggaz straight bumpin the field Smoke it up, from now until somebody calls out steel and we live for the thrill [Verse Two: B-Real] Plug the mic in, and I'll move the crowd Neighbors get mad cause the music's loud I send a few girls in the hall to talk Crusty old man never called the cops No pistols, if you get my drift yo You pull one and miss better slit yo' wrists bro This ain't a gangsta party But if you turn it into one a bullet might pierce yo' body Relax, there's a lot of girls in here You shitfaced niggaz, don't earl in here Don't break shit or take nothin, mind your manners Or your head goes BOOM like it's fuckin skanless But we ain't for all that right now, just chill out We can pop bottles or let the blood spill out Cuanta, suck it up, shut your trap Before you lose that fine-ass girl on your lap [Verse Three: B-Real] You wanna room? Let me clear one out But while I'm gone, just don't let the beers run out In the morn' we can watch all the tears come out When the pigs come, a nigga wanna hear one out For now, we can pass the time Blazin it up, if you slow you the last in line Got a roach, so what? You ain't spent a dime You ungrateful-ass critter, back the hell of mine You can, lose the life or lose the knife Use the pipe, but I can't lose tonight All the girls bein picky who they chose tonight You better hope you chillin with the right crew tonight See that girl over there? Yeah she like your style Probably seen her on the video "Girls Gone Wild" Hesitation is constipation of your game when you're in for a night of elation The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Cypress Hill Album: Till Death Do Us Part Song: One Last Cigarette Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash (Fuck you motherfucker! Untie me from this chair man  You better untie me from this chair nigga  You know who the fuck I am, I will have you killed nigga!  You better untie me motherfucker, fuck y'all motherfuckers man!  Do you know who the fuck I am?) {*beat drowns out the voice as a Cypress Hill member speaks*} Right {*duct tape being unrolled*} Sho' you right You want a cigarette nigga? [B-Real] You was a good kid, your parents musta loved you They got you out of trouble no matter how big the bubble They gave you everything, nah you never needed nothin We used to get high, 'member we was weeded cousin We used to go to clubs, blaze it up and act crazy What made you turn around, was it drugs or your lady? We had good times, committin hood crimes We drew lines but you never understood mine You don't go fuckin homies, just like my momma told me I held my hood up boldly, you were a fuckin phony I guess it manifested when I got the call early They said you bunkered down in the hood with ol' girly She had your back covered, but that didn't matter did it? I know you're livin, but you put your fuckin self in it Don't try to make a move, nigga don't go fuckin 'dere I know you're hurtin cause you're tied up to the fuckin chair You never loved your family, you robbed that mall gladly They tried to love you sadly, you let 'em down badly Just call me Death's angel, but we were never strangers You 'bout to get mangled, that's truer than Kurt Angle Now it's time to pay, any last words to say? I know your mind strays, son I think you need to pray Don't even need to tell you, you were a smart nigga Save your teardrops, yo don't even start nigga You shoulda thought of that long ago before you fucked me You dodged me long enough, homey now you been lucky But now it's pay the piper, no fuckin traps or snipers Just the gas and lighter, caught up in the web of spiders But now you get devoured, burnin in the flames you coward This is the very hour, I send your family flowers I'm sure they all will miss you, but they will be good without you They'll reminisce and light a candle as they talk about you [Cypress Hill] Relax... no no it's okay Let me give you a light {*muffled: "Oh SHIT!"*} {*flames roaring, a voice screaming*} That's my favorite fucking song.. {*in the background, "Pigs" by Cypress Hill plays*}    [B-Real]    This pig harassed the whole neighborhood    Well this pig worked at the station    This pig he killed my Homeboy    so the fuckin pig, went on a vacation    This pig he is the chief    Got a brother pig, Captain O'Malley    He's got a son that's a pig too    He's collectin pay-offs from a dark alley    This pig's known as a narco.. {*music fades*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Cypress Hill Album: Till Death Do Us Part Song: Street Wars Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash {*church bells gong*} [Verse One: B-Real] As a kid, I was known, son of a thug Snub-nosed .38 in the glove, who can relate with us? Never had an easy life, shit's way out Clips spray out, fools pay out or play out Any scenario, been there, done that Gone where some of y'all niggaz, couldn't come back Been through the hottest parts of hell Came back with a hard shell and, hard as nails I went through it all, do it all, screw it all Small you recall, the hard times as a juve-nile Often misunderstood Some joined the military, others just joined the hood Street corner combat, part of the dark streets Your heart beats pump when my slugs release And there ain't no tellin, don't be the one yellin These birds are deadly, they can shatter your melon [Chorus 2X: B-Real] When the street wars jump off, there's only one thing to do Grab your gat and squeeze one off This ain't the life of the soft ones who run off You got one shot to get you a knot [Verse Two: B-Real] At the crossroads, sick of holdin the badlands Where street wars, kick off quicker than Van Dam Mistakes of mad man, I remember the old ways The old days where fools clapped yo' {?} No quarter, you feel me? Life expectancy's just a little bit shorter G's gave the order, you carried 'em out Quick fast, you the last nigga I'm worried about Get that street lead, that was one step over the edge Much closer to death, every step I kept on Learnin about the dark paths, made a hard left Prayed to God death is swift and painless This life ain't for everyone, stay out my shoes You can't trade your fate, I hate to break the news The young won't respect the fences these days You a marked man if you get caught up in these ways {*pause for spooky instrumental*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Cypress Hill Album: Till Death Do Us Part Song: Till Death Do Us Part Typed by: don_vaskez@freemail.hu [B-Real] How many times have we been thru this I can tell you that it's getting harder everytime I try to resist We go way back and you held me down And you helped me keep my feet moving in the ground No matter what situation occasion You were amazing, you knew just what it took to keep our love blazing The thug in me, but when we separated I was thinkin foolishly Remember when your ex boy tried to bug on me I told him: "bring it on, I'll buy you a slug on me" He didn't like that but didn't want the fight Fuck 'im, he didn't know how to treat you right We go hand in hand they don't understand a man But you do and I really respect that, damn We been down so long but it's all good That's why I dedicate this song [Chorus: repeat 2X] Till Death Do Us Part  I do [Verse Two: B-Real] Who would have thought it would last so long So many loose-sighted think that they can't go wrong I know I make so many mistakes I know you felt neglected, you called me "outta line" If you thought I didn't respect it - I heard ya But I never showed an emotion If I haven't ever said it, you got all my devotion When I fell hard you picked me up Made me think about my life, where I'm going, a little tricky - huh? I know at times, that you thought I would change But I'm the same motherfucking brother even in spite of the fame There might be some times we don't agree on somethin' But don't never feel your thoughts don't mean nothing Some'll try to steer you wrong, I'm not one of those people Always tell it like it is, cos the truth will free you, but don't get mad When the truth is lethal, I'm only telling you cause I got your back [Verse Three: B-Real] You got my mind right and I don't know how you did it When I trip not too many who can put with it But you still there, still care, so rare - oh yeah Got so much love, when you need, you can go there I appreciate what you're doing for me I had to open up my eyes so I can see the minutes we lost Whenever I was out on tour, or gone, we can make 'em up, like never before You want all the little things, that make it worth it Why not, we can get it, we can both deserve it It's hard, but nothing good, is ever so easy We have a bond that wont break, no mistake, believe me Till Death Do Us Part, like I said from the start You're the light that guides me thru when I'm in the dark They said we'd neverlast but we're still strong That's why I dedicate this song - C'mon [Chorus]  4X {*sound of someone blowing out a candle*}  I do  I do {*music fades*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Sen Dog Album: Diary of a Mad Dog Song: Hell and Back Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Been through hell and back, back Never lookin back, black Dippin in a black, black Never been a whack rap Squeezin on my gat gat Fallin for no trap trap When it's goin down you know that thing sound like clack clack [Sen Dog] View what I said with a microscope These here lyrics that I wrote Light that bomb 'dro, take a toke Certified black this ain't no joke It's that Dog in your atmosphere No damn way to get me out here Rockin the masters a gang of years Takin shit up to a higher gear Ain't gonna come at y'all with the same Shit's my soul if it bears my name On the real, I'm like a Mustang After years I still remain Changin up what's on the street Keep pushin niggaz gotta eat Business man that's what I be Too damn deep in the industry [Sen Dog] Fuck a major label record deal Them motherfuckers just be unreal Slave to the rhythm that's how it feel Whole damn system I wanna kill Just so you know I don't give a fuck Learn all you can so you know whassup Take some chances, try yo' luck Might fuck around and make a buck Represent when you on the set I me fuckin demolish it Let them know you rock with the best This nigga's headed for success It's all good if you got that dream I had it too when I was a teen Makin that big time on the scene Cream and respect y'all know what I mean [Sen Dog] I do rap symposiums Tie two niggaz to my podium Low in salt and sodium Y'all don't know me so don't blow me up Take shit back to code of the streets Real dogs bark and talk is cheap Earn some stripes and be a G Get big bank and properties Never know what the next man got Any fool might make it hot All it takes is one good shot Then wait for the aftershock For a closing I got to say Real with this I don't fucking play Stay the hell up outta my way Back my shit up every single day [Chorus] - 4X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Sen Dog Album: Diary of a Mad Dog Song: Stand Up Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash * * any assistance on the spanish appreciated [Intro] Stand up! You know what's up! Can't nobody fuck with that Latin Don [Sen Dog] I used to be a vato from the street Had a lot of hunger, loved to compete Want the whole world to know about my barrio All the way to Cuba, Mexico and Cairo They would know my name like they would know my cliqua Got some game, que toda via, rrripa Things have changed, now I'm a grande Got two blammas livin with me at the chante Game just ain't like it used to be I can't find no vato I used to call me So I go home enciento empienso Don't let your mind play those pinchy juegos Shake it off boss, show 'em you got huevos No dejas nada chinga tu nuevos Rife on my hip for my heina, my ninos All my car knowledge they get my carino Remember dog that, you can do all Just believe in yo'self and have faith in God Anybody don't like it can FUCK 'EM ALL Caveza barriba I'm walkin tall All the raza in the house stand up Show that you're proud and you don't give a fuck Let me see show that you got love for yo' gente Somos muchos intelligente When we unite, no one can harm us Get in our way or try to stop us Don't front ese, you know whassup Can't nobody fuck with them latin thugs [Sen Dog] Now, you're gonna have those pinchy tiempos When all you need is food or silencio Time for yourself to smoke calleno Whatever it takes to make you contento Relax with the fam and take some vacaciones Don't deal with this or the pinchy horday What seperates the men from the ninos is a big failure or a fly Benzino I've had all of that, yo se lo que te digo Gotta be there in the long run for my hijos Look out for the youngsters and kick down glecha Make sure they know all about the iglesia Teach 'em your knowledge and help our sensia Then we're gonna see a big differencia Don't get trigger happy, you big maton Cause it'll come back down on your own canton Look out and have love for your gente So we can move from the ride in the frente Don't be hardheaded, yo sucker tu entiende The mission put down by the big vato Senne Artist: B-Real f/ Bo Roc Album: Smoke N Mirrors Song: Smoke N Mirrors Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash {*20 seconds of kids playing*} [Intro: sped-up R&B sample] Late at night When all the world is safe within their dreams I want the shadowwwww Late at night An empty feeling creeps within my soul I feel so lonely So I go, into the darkness of the night, all alone I want this peace until I find, someone who is just like me Looking for some companyyyyyy Oh yeahhhh [B-Real] What's good in the hood, can you tell me Hit me with the truth motherfuckers don't sell me Cause I can see a lot of things wrong with the city And nobody's tryin to fix nothin, all of our choices are shitty People starvin in the ghetto and the rich get richer So we hustlin for the paper - you get the picture? My homey he caught ten tryin to feed his seed And nothin supersedes a man's will to succeed So we bleed and shed tears, lookin for somethin better But nothin is guaranteed, in this life we livin Ain't nothin given, gotta earn your money and stripes I can't sleep at night, what I'm doin ain't right Can't never let my guard down for nothin in life Your enemies see a weakness and you look ripe And they don't care about who or what you're leavin behind You slip one time you a victim of crime [Chorus: Bo Roc] Up against the trials of life, sometimes it ain't right Through all of my pain and strife, I focused upon the light Though I may lose my way, I'm up for the fight In hopes of a brighter day for children of the night [B-Real] You know I hit the ground runnin from the day I was born There ain't nothin I haven't seen, I was born to storm And if I ever have to heat it up you might get warm So I urge you to sit it out, and just let me move on Out of pride you won't blink, think that I'm a threat Yeah you might be right, and if you are comes death By the laws of the street you know what's comin up next You duckin from the glocks and the six and tecs When did it all fall? We all used to cash collect Instead of catchin a body homey cash a check Any moment it could be over, your number's up You become, a memory nobody's givin a fuck It's no wonder how we cross roads and get divided There's no, compromises and drama arises The streets got you clutched in the cradle of doom You get out of pocket they make you invisible dude [B-Real] The streets are ugly and the world is goin through changes We fightin at home and out here in unknown places We never know what peace is We all about war for the money and the violence increases I never thought about it when I was younger I never thought about we all just numbers I only thought about the food on the table I was taught to make moves when you're ready and able Sometimes you feel alone and you just simply go for self And you don't care about anybody else You say "Look at that trick in the flashy whip! If I get my chance, you know I'm gonna jack his shit" The world's cold, people sell their soul for money and power then they seem to lose control They can't, handle the load at the end of the road They're destined to fall and we just watch the drama unfold {*Bo Roc ad libs to end*} Artist: B-Real f/ Bo Roc Album: Smoke N Mirrors Song: Gangsta Music Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro: B-Real] Yeah, gangsta music Gangsta music Yeah, gangsta music Gangsta music [B-Real] Now in this world you got the pimps, ballers, hustlers and thugs And they all run the streets and carry heat for trouble to come There ain't no guarantees for you and me for wealth and prosperity See we comin up with hustles cause we don't like charity We only tryin to eat but there's no opportunity Soon to be public enemy number one a menace of the community You're bottled up, there's nothin left to do but explode Whether you self-destruct or win it all you're destined to blow You make a right or left, when you hit the fork in the road You take a straight path, or you roll in gangsta mode There ain't no in-between unless you work for God or the law Either way, we gettin judged for all the shit that we cause But hey it's all we knew and all we had for hustlin paper Figured I'd get it right eventually make amends with my maker I shift the blade inside the cementery too many times Thrown in the penitentiary and locked for too many crimes [Chorus: Bo Roc] It's that gangstahhh (this is gangsta music) Gangsta music (that gangsta music) It's that gangstahhh (uh-huh, uh-huh you heard me, this is gangsta music) Gangsta music (gangsta music) [B-Real] On feet I'm planted firm and for a few there ain't no return We try to rise up out the gutter, some of us never will learn We take the hard way and end up in those institutions Sometimes it's in the blood and for those folks there ain't no solution My homey's momma told me you need to make a change for the better Because you'll never make it out of here, you'll be here forever Stuck in this poverty, there's gotta be another way out of it Found it in the music in spite of the people that doubted it Couldn't pull away so easy, seperation is ugly How could I pull away just knowin that the streets still love me But the love can be so deadly we ain't talkin romance Sometimes the streets they need to sacrifice, we takin a chance It doesn't matter where you're livin, every ghetto's the same The only thing that's different are these people's faces and names If I pray to God to give me strength to battle the devil Maybe I'd hit another level so I could holster my metal [B-Real] This one's dedicated to the soldiers that made it through hell Cause a bullet never knows about the homies that fell I seen so many die right on the street from products we sell And when they smoke you all they leave behind's an empty shell It ain't worth it but I had to work it, no other choice Until I heard the voice that told me go write songs with your boys Cause if you stay behind you might be takin a trip in a hearse Because somebody's thirst for blood might end up droppin you first Because we play for keeps so what it means we're playin to win And if you'd ever been where I've been then you'd never pretend You've got to be real with homey, no pun intended And don't kid yourself, cause I don't care if you get offended If you're affiliated or solo, we all want the same thang It would be amazing if we was all in the same gang Might get persecuted at the time we movin to change thangs It's a brain game, if we never try it's a damn shame {*scratched: "What the fuck are they yellin?" - Ice Cube*} Artist: B-Real f/ Xzibit, Young De Album: Smoke N Mirrors Song: Don't Ya Dare Laugh Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro/Chorus: Young De] Niggaz run up on ya, when you live in California In the home of marijuana, streets get hotter than sauna Now this ain't funny so don't ya dare laugh They run up on the side of your ride and then blast When it pops off it happens that fast If you soft, you just won't last [B-Real] I was born in Los Angeles city Where the thugs ride low, get dough, and the girls are pretty It's hostile and gritty, outsiders see the beauty Sun shines but sometimes it's dark and moody Whatever you do to me you won't stop my grind Son when you find one you hold on and shine Don't lay back, relax Cause the minute you lay back, someone takes away from your stacks Nowadays it's a struggle to hustle Not only in the street, the rap games, and the fucked up shuffles So I came with the rain, to boost it back Real life is a struggle but we used to that No matter, who you are or who you be with We all want the same thangs, we all in the same gang Same dope, same notes we flow for Same dreams and schemes we investin our soul for [Young De] I'm livin that Cali life, in the hundred degree heat And you wonder why they found another body in the streets No AC, packed in a car eight deep They go kamikaze, no camraderie or peace And beef, homey ain't just somethin you eat But the taste of revenge, is oh so sweet Your boy won't sleep, 'til I'm up in that Benz E-class heat blast leave 'em in a trench And take me off the bench, I'm ready for the game Your business fucked up they got you signin for a chain They callin for a change, they callin out my name Young De they want me to come and do my thang Plain black tee I ain't do it for the fame Same black glock if you move into my lane Same old blocks is the spots where I hang On the stoop with the vets but your boy ain't changed [Xzibit] Top hat smashin in a California fashion Even the strong get chinchecked tested and blasted Wrapped in plastic, dumped out for weak reasons I beach cruise, black t-shirts for each season Come here flossin ya knots You're not leavin with that, now where my motherfuckin gangsters at? More single mothers than brothers than we got on the street Better have you a handle whenever you keepin the peace Still 'Fuck Tha Police' at least the coast stay consistent Fame is lame but life is lost in an instant Hit the fence then sprint through the neighbor's yard Canine is on your ass if they catch you then you're gone This is for the soldiers that's never comin home who been crackin for the cause candy-painted to the chrome Hikin up Cypress Hill with two bongs B-Real got a pound then it's on - we smokin Artist: B-Real f/ Buckshot Album: Smoke N Mirrors Song: Everything U Want Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro] Wooo! Let's go Ha, ha, hoe [B-Real] It's so close, I can feel it in my hands Everything I ever wanted and then some, about to expand man I can taste it, the flavor is so sweet Stocks risin up, that's the word on the street In spite of the hype, gotta keep my head on straight Keep my shit to myself and don't give my aces away I'm so tired I can feel it in my bones but the throne is so near I can hear these, hateful clones Whispered the words they won't say out loud But you heard them praise me, under their breath some still hate me So numb man I can't feel a thing And I ain't lettin nothin get in the way of what it is we bring I'm tryin to reach out, and grab the opportunity knockin If I don't answer the door, it don't come often I'm so heated and I'm ready for whatever is needed I cheated death, my last words, at least I beat it - let's go Everything you want, what'chu goin for Tell 'em what'chu need so you don't need it any more How we get the dough, what we get it fo' Where you gonna be in ten years, let me know [Buckshot] I started out as an underground artist (uhh) Underestimated, under the weather in undergarments Under cars and, trucks, tryin to make a +Buck+ But I failed 'til I put +Shot+ down and stepped up Kept up, crept up, couldn't keep your breath up Can't breathe? I think you should leave, yessir Cause umm, ma'am, I am the first grand from the shotty papi got in his hand, got me? Damn Stand, focus on your funds Cause when you're broke it's no joke, it ain't no funnn If my homies can't have none, how come yeah you got a label but unstable's your outcome? Uhh, kinda shaky though (yeah) kinda make me go Mmmmmm if I was you I wouldn'ta copped that Mercedes yo You like the ladies though (huh) that's your downfall Cause too much pussy mean more pussy around y'all [Buckshot] Buckshot, B-Real, Black Moon, Cypress Hill Every night is real, everybody move at the sight of steel Cause we 'bout to get that dough When we get that dough, we gon' flip that so [B-Real] She's so hot, I can tell you what she wants And I can tell you it's not me it's the bread go ahead and doubt it She's about it, she can work it like a pro for dough And she knows I'm risin up like Survivor yo With the +Eye of the Tiger+, settin tracks to fire But I'm so cold, like Avon, hits for hire Sick and tired, of these birds, pullin stunts for status Lookin at us like we're their first class trips to Paris That's so old, better try another method cause every second you waste is another moment, you fail to face it Embrace it, I feel a chill, so youser a pill Take no for an answer, right up in your grill She's so smooth, tell you what you want to hear when she got her hands in your pockets, until ain't nothin left in your wallet Yeah, she wants a baller to follow and holla at her A homey of high stature with the fortune to capture [Chorus] - 2X Artist: B-Real f/ Tek, Young De Album: Smoke N Mirrors Song: 6 Minutes Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [B-Real] So whaddya do when the game starts changin fast? Arrange for your ass to find a way to stay in the class Sales declinin, downloads are risin Newbies shinin, and we stuck askin where did ya find him He ain't a diamond but he really got some incredible timin So sign him and put him out, he's a star that's shinin Give him a ringtone deal, a commercial with T-Mobile Man he can global, depends if he acts noble Take his photo and put him on the cover of Vibe Rolling Stone and The Source mag both gave him a five Now he thinks that his shit don't stink And every drink's from a bottle of Crist', and he's flyin on mink He's, young and dumb and don't sync with the drum But all the little girls love him cause he's number one On top of the Billboards winnin Grammy Awards Goin to red carpet events with the media whores [Chorus: Tek] Lights camera flash you're on! Uh-uh uh, uh, uh-uh on! Time's up, six minutes you're gone! G-g, gone! G-g-gone! Tell me where'd they go, tell me where'd they go Tell me - where did they go, where did they go Tell me - where did they go, where did they go Tell me - where did they go, where did they go [B-Real] There's a new kid in town climbin the charts but still He's alright, but he's not real Regardless they want a cameo for Freddie Puccini He's a freezer, he's leanin back like the Tower of Pisa He's on top of the mountain, ain't got no one around him to tell him the truth, let him know, people are clownin They found him and wound him up like a toy for the children He don't believe it, he's only worried about his millions Collectin his cake, coppin whips, buyin estates Lyin in wait, the birds flock to get that taste Beautiful bait for the new kid but don't be stupid Cause they don't love you they love your money as soon as you lose it they skate with the very next dude releasin an album By any means necessary thought I'd quote it from Malcolm The outcome is all the same and that part don't change Chalk it up to the game cause it's a part of the fame [Young De] These rappers just, don't, get it Better wake the fuck up, but you think you got it figured out Diggin a hole so deep you can't get up out You don't give a shit about, if they say you losin touch Just another one hit wonder motherfucker screwin up But not me, not Young De I let the, veterans guide me so nothin surprise me All them moves you be makin 'em blindly But the big homies B-Real and Young Gotti got me So you can get the cover of the XXL now But when your boy hit, all that shit gettin shut down Nursery rhyme lines goin back to the kids And that bitch that you wit comin back to my crib These execs got you gassed, put 10 on 2 Ask me who gon' last, won't bet on you But you could, bet on me cause your boy come through Artist: B-Real f/ Damian Marley Album: Smoke N Mirrors Song: Fire Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro: Damian Marley] Yahhhhhhh~! Junior Gong and B-Real Pepper, pepper, pepper! A wot dem feel like? Come down! [B-Real] Straight up we set the fire we blaze 'em and do it properly Sonically all we need is the honest and the Cali weed Roll up the sensei when you want to break up insanity Hit it and pass it and we blazin all of humanity (BLAZE IT UP!) Then we never care about what you say to us (BLAZE IT UP!) Everywhere we go we takin the spray with us (BLAZE IT UP!) All the mamis in the club wanna blaze with us (BLAZE IT UP!) All you fuckin haters remain hatin us We grow the crystal freely, from dirt up to the ceiling I know you want the feeling, you need some herbal healing We flip it in the Valley, out here in Southern Cali I know you fuckers envy, B-Real and Mr. Marley [Chorus 2X: Damian Marley] (Fire fire fire fire fi-yah) (Fire fire fire fire fi-yah) Analog or digital it's spiritual and physical In literal or literally industry down here in Cali [change last line first Chorus: "In literal or literally... Cali da cavalry" [Damian Marley] Some likkle wannabe wanna come walkin on mi Wallabee Wanna follow me, but that fruit-tooty-to he got wobbly Dashin and flashin lyrics who dat leave dat mean a tragedy To Don Fox Reilly 'e dance wily come to us naturally (BLAZE IT UP!) Any time, any place and no a politic (BLAZE IT UP!) An' next soundbwoy nah near become reality (BLAZE IT UP!) Squeeze up to all da in US technology (BLAZE IT UP!) Puff puff up move de fuck up off me now casually Come de originally, Mr. De Reality I'm takin trips to Cali, more now that thick thick Cali Just a specifically, get a good spliff of Cali I keep it, you keep it, we keep it BLAZIN!!! [B-Real] * Que tiempo con en fuego meet a mami esta no su juego Ven aca por que me gusta lo que estas siento Una toca y seguro que mi motar es curo Y te lo juro yo que sudo cuando well it's illumo, VAMOS! (BLAZE IT UP!) In the club or on the corner don't play with us (BLAZE IT UP!) In the limo shut the window and break it up (BLAZE IT UP!) If you try to take it from me it's dangerous (BLAZE IT UP!) In Jamaica no mistakin the ganja bus Believe the kush is sticky, and all the fiends are tricky The pigs be comin quickly; they can come and get me Watch me smoke out the city, let's see who's comin with me The bong'll make you dizzy, it's Gong and Mr. Brizzy [repeat 4X] Fire fire fire fire fi-yah * any help on the Spanish appreciated Artist: B-Real f/ Mimi Album: Smoke N Mirrors Song: Get That Dough Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash {*blam blam blam*} [B-Real] I never let 'em see me sweatin, only money I'm gettin I bet you're bettin I'm losin I'm refusin to give in I don't follow nobody, I'm a leader so watch me I think you're thinkin solutions but it's useless to stop me Any hate that you send me, you won't break me or bend me I'm out to get it I'll set it off on any who envy Should you try to come at me, you ain't takin a penny We hustlers hustle for dollars and we ballers got plenty I see plotters and schemers, the suckers and dreamers We heat the heaters you bleedin if we leavin the Beemers We tryin to feed our family, tryin to hustle like Camby Connections connect and we postin a poster with Brandy You see poppers I'm poppin, but you don't see the coffin I see you starin apparent that you're optin for options I feel tragedy comin, humanity's buggin You need to get it together if you plan to be somethin [Chorus 2X: Mimi] I'm on the grind baby, I've got to go I'm 'bout my hustle homey, I've got to show I'm on a mission baby get that dough And once I get it gotta get some mo' [B-Real] You take the game and its repercussions, all the money I'm touchin Jackers jackin believe me if they see me they're rushin So I gotta be fitted, yeah my heaters are hidden Money's money it ain't funny you dummies won't get it I dare you kids to follow, just know the tips are hollow Protect your neck in a second you checkin out tomorrow We on the corner grindin, turnin from coal to diamonds Nothin from nothin we grindin design a place to shine and it's a dream we livin, don't be hatin I'm driven See what I see and you're learnin the reason why I'm winnin You niggaz cockroaches, you so braggadocious You talkin rugged but you crumble when trouble approaches Don't give the game to many, not meant for everybody Dollar for dollar be humble and stumble out the party Where the wolves are hungry, and they hungry for money See what I'm sayin they ain't playin their mouths are bloody [B-Real] It's all about survival of the fittest, you can never be skittish You hit, quit it, you leave it, in every crime committed There's no room to be sloppy, ain't no need to be cocky Get what you gettin the lesson is you need to get off me Can you handle your own? Can you make your way home? Metal for metal I'm pullin and refusin to settle Some are payin the piper, I'm ignitin the fire Higher and higher I'm movin and you're losin desire All you got is your hustle, ain't no time for no hassle Muscle for muscle they blast you and smash you laughin at you On the move for your riches, where you burnin your bridges Cheddar for cheddar but really can you handle the business? On the streets you're a legend, all the money you're spendin Bottle for bottle pretendin your reign is never-endin Never wanted the glory, so for nothin I'm sorry Body for body I'll smoke you just like a Rastafari [Chorus] - fades out Artist: B-Real Album: Smoke N Mirrors Song: Stack'n Paper Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash ["Scarface" movie samples for opening 0:18] [B-Real] It's, so phenomenal, it's no optical illusion I give you a transfusion I'm from L.A.C. with West coast hustle It's a worldwide ride from L.A. to Brussels Def Jams like Russell and I'm gettin older Yo check the Blueprint homey just like Hova Plannin to take over, the streets are mine I couldn't get away if I tried to run away blind We're attached to the hip, like my sig in my clip Gettin money, gettin honies you know fish 'n chips From the belly to L.B., what can you tell me It ain't healthy, you fuckin with us I didn't come for any foolishness, I'm so cool with this I make you Stand Up like my name was Ludacris I can lift you, and never pretend to be somethin I'm not so I never offend you c'mon [Chorus: repeat 2X] Straight up we stackin our paper We got no time to waste either True life don't come with no favors Gimme time and I'll make you believers [B-Real] I've, played the game and you heard my name And I've laid to waste so many lames it's off the chain People come and go every day, but family stays I guess it just depends, on how you were raised For my success you givin me praise and poppin champagne Blazin up the sticky kush, on my campaign I'm, highly trained to provide you with joy and pain Keep it movin don't ever stop, just let it rain We whippin through L.A.C. in the candy cars that bounce, like the honies when they dance on bars I love my city, and everything in it Summertime don't miss it in Cali or you'll regret it So many hot birds, God damn they fly So much kush weed can't help but to get you high Come in peace or you're leavin in pieces You're dealin with the cold clique as the heat increases Heat it up [B-Real] I relate to the thug ones, those are my loved ones I represent for all of those who live where I come from I relate to the hustle cause I don't like starvin Fuck with the bread, triggers get squeezed like Charmin I relate to the ballers cause I get my figures You want a piece of mine but you can't buy that nigga They say people are plastic, in the City of Angels And it's dangerous, when you go talkin to strangers You might run into a banger, them boys with colors Then hammers start clickin like camera shutters Be careful of any shit talkin you might utter I don't wanna scare you but you need to take some cover We livin with the beauty and beast, I'm doin my duty but beast is lookin for a little release This world is so cold, but you wanna grow old In life there's no hold, in the game I don't fold I rock shows in the House of Blues Over beats that J. Stoner made to make you move And it Feels So Good, but I ain't Tony It's the realest heart homey not made for phonies {*scratching: "betta have my money"*} Artist: B-Real Album: Smoke N Mirrors Song: Dude Vs. Homie Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [B-Real] I spit somethin in your ear to make you hear what I hear I don't think you're ready but it's a brand new year I got love for you motherfuckers, even you haters Listen to me put it down I'm only doin a favor Dude over here's tryin to make his cake Homie over here's tryin to take his cake He's just sittin in the cut waitin for a mistake And when the time is right he's movin all through his estate Homie don't give a fuck about Dude or his fam Didn't think about repercussions of killin the man He only thought about one thing, jackin his neighbors And all the fly shit he'd have once he had their paper Buy a house in the hills, brand new grills Chop top Phantom on thirty dollar bills But dude ain't soft, he's ready for war The tattoo on his arm says I'll take what's yours [Chorus: repeat 2X] What's yours is mine and if I get my hands on your money ain't nothin you can do about it I go for mine and if you put your hands on my money I'll show you how we be about it [B-Real] Dude grew up like a thug in the street Homie didn't know what he was doin to eat He was blinded by the envy and numb with greed He didn't care who he fucked over to serve his needs Both are on a crash course, with no survivors No, life preservers, just shot out tires And the arm of the law don't care about those riders They only, try to divide us, but catch arthritis They might even try to get Dude so they can supply him Homie's, home connivin dreamin of Dude dyin Dude moves weight, more hate is risin Every day Homie works up the nerve to fight him But, Dude ain't never fucked over nobody Homey Niggaz on the street love Dude and think you're phony They don't trust you for a minute, you jacked them too Homie you gonna get yours and it might be soon [Chorus] - 1/2 [B-Real] Homie's got his crew ready, hungry for money Dude's at his peak now and he ain't funny He got a bird at the mansion like Playboy Bunnies And a yacht, at the dock, called Sweet As Honey Dude sweated bloodshed and tears for this Homie never moved one finger for shit Only when he had his heat to take it from others He put a bullet in a nigga for defending his mother Homie wanted everything, Dude wanted release But no matter what he had he couldn't find no peace He kept waitin for the moment that his life would cease Now here comes Homie, he'll set him free But Homie don't know, Dude is a pro And got a kid on the way comin to change his flow Dude don't know Homie's at the door And when he comes through he's comin with the crew and more Teflon vests, ski-masks and sacks Put the guns to your face with the hammer cocked back Homie doesn't realize he's on the cam Dude already made calls and secured his fam Rollin, up the block in a white mini-van It's the Homie's long ride to the darkest land Rollin, up the block in a white mini-van It's the Homie's long ride to the darkest land Artist: B-Real f/ Mimi Album: Smoke N Mirrors Song: When They Hate You Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro: Mimi] Oooooooh, ohhhhhhhh Listennn, listennn [B-Real] When I spit I'm committed it's a blessing I'm grateful Coulda been one of the many feelin bitter and hateful Coulda gave up on my dreams, steady bangin and slangin Servin fiends on the corner with the red rag hangin Sayin I ain't leavin cause it's all good in the hood 'Til they put me in a box, six carried the wood Or I'm sittin in a cell block, writin my family Tellin them how sorry I am, just please understand me Thinkin how it could've been if I had listened to any others I could've been somebody out there makin a difference Maybe the angel on my shoulder kept me out of the system Cause decisions that I made they should've left me in prison Like my older brother caught up cause he wasn't as lucky He goes in and out the joint, see the recipe's ugly See we run around in life until we find a purpose Yeah we run around blind I'm only scratchin the surface [Chorus: Mimi] + (B-Real) When the streets love you, it's lovely But when they hate you, you're ugly There's no tomorrow you find Any dreams and ambitions gone (Gotta find our way out of here) (By any means we climbin our way out of here) (We on the grind and fightin our way out of here) (We on the line and drivin out way out of here) [B-Real] It's hard to kick a habit, and conquer addiction All the, drugs and bitches, depleting your riches Low self-esteem along with a little depression makes a cocktail for failure and brings on tension So you steal from your family and you robbin your friends Now you alone in the world havin to scrape for ends You're an outcast, yeah nobody trust yo' ass Because you let 'em down so many times, remember the past? They turn their backs and act like you never existed Cause you always missed the point and you got everything twisted For some it's too late and they never come, out the abyss There's another side for those who want to change how they live They want respect from their peers and the roof overhead They want the Benz in the garage a hot bird in the bed They got the hunger for success but it comes at a price You gotta sacrifice the vices that, put you on ice [B-Real] You take your chances any time you take a step on the street And in the heat of confrontation your heart skips a beat And if you show it they will use it it's the code of the hustler Talkin to each other sayin we gonna get that buster They don't respect you, but they keep smilin in your face They wanna taste how you livin and the money you gettin They smell the fear and they, wait for you to make a mistake Then they infiltrate and take every last bit of your cake So if you livin in the fast lane, look in your mirrors Cause the drama's much closer than the objects appear If you slip one time they might end you that minute And everything that you worked for is gone in seconds Then you see a light and you keep on gettin closer These envious fuckers put you in a state of coma Family by your side, prayin for your frame to recover While your dough and your woman runnin off with another [Chorus] w/ ad libs The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Cypress Hill Album: Rise Up Song: It Ain't Nothin' Typed by: cpt-187@web.de [Opening] [B-Real] I used to carry a glock On the waist line Man I don't waste time I'm strong on the bass line You'll never taste mine See me on the screen Fuckers beggin' for face time Get your own tape But don't bother to chase mine I got a block Man we havin' a great time You couldn't fill the shoes Anytime that I lace mine Light up the stage For the homies we make shine Sick the dogs on you Get more by the K-9 Homies on the yard never walk in the main line The manes find that they can never be in the game I'm lettin' off rounds Hittin' blunts at the same time Pick a crew homie You a neon to save time Bitches like you always spittin' the same rhymes We put you all to shame You never went through the same grind Put you in the bind the minute you came by So stay in your lane and get wet by the rain You wanna step up get your ass touched You wanna rap son get your ass buff Try to test us You's gunna get smashed up You wanna run wit the dogs? Get your cash up Git it You gotta get your straps up Git it You gotta get your stash up Git it You gotta get amped up You wanna run wit the dogs? Get your cash up [Sen Dog] I'm right here on the block when it's time to ride out, you know what I'm all about Hundred Harley bikes on site when it goes down Me and my homies always holdin' the fort down Come up in our town and your pissin' a fourth now Got 4 ounces and 3 bottle's of jack 2 fifth's in the back and everyone i'm with's strapped What ever happens I'm chin checkin' and wreckin' fools Try disrespecting me My Smith & Wesson is endin' you And I ain't changed since back in the day Get your shit split quick if you get in my face You wanna run wit' the dog Better stay in your place Cuss your little ass name don't hold no weight And your little ass safe couldn't hold my cake Get your asks denied down the road I take And let me tell you one more thing before I skate If you a fake or a snake Imma send you to your grave You wanna step up get your ass touched You wanna rap son get your ass buff Try to test us You's gunna get smashed up You wanna run wit the dogs? Get your cash up Git it You gotta get your straps up Git it You gotta get your stash up Git it You gotta get amped up You wanna run wit the dogs? Get your cash up [DJ Rippin' with B-Real finish] [Sen Dog] Im a First Staff OG from outta the gutter With a fucked up demeanor for you punk mothafuckas Get played like some dicks who try to start ruckas Im a real gun busta so dont ever try to rush us Can't nobody touch us that dont leave on crutches Or worse Get a ride in a hurse with their bodies covered It's gunna be a cold summer As soon as the hilt drops ALL BULLSHIT WILL STOP [B-Real] A couple scums in the street We don't care what you bustas think It might sink in sometime But I won't blink We go against everything Smoke all the green Got the flow wrong Swing it aint nothing to me We put it down anywhere Like it's something to see So all you bitches goin rogue with your haters degree And when you wanna get loud son I'm ready to work Punks act up and you bound to get hurt You wanna step up get your ass touched You wanna rap son get your ass buff Try to test us You's gunna get smashed up You wanna run wit the dogs? Get your cash up Git it You gotta get your straps up Git it You gotta get your stash up Git it You gotta get amped up You wanna run wit the dogs? Get your cash up [Opening as ending] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Cypress Hill f/ Tom Morello Album: Rise Up Song: Rise Up Typed by: cpt-187@web.de [B-Real] Living in the big city  The American dream  Is far roaming in the streets of greed  Everywhere I turn I'm on a mission for more  But I ain't selling my soul  With the dope theres no girl  I'm on a one way box to the top  Hitting the strip but got a sound that would rally the block  I'm in the fast lane and I won't stop  You ain't nothing but talk  You couldn't hang on the rope by ball  [Sen Dog] This life that I live  It aint for the weak  Got my roddy gangster that came off the street  I'm trying to keep the peace  but I gotta keep my pace  Got these drunk police  Want me all rappy  And I'm searching for the higher ground  I want my head in the sky  So high that I can't come down  Leave your lies in every town across the nation  Cause you can never stop to play  Gotta Rise up (to the top, to the top)  Can't stop (How high can you get?)  Gotta Rise up (to the top, to the top)  Can't stop (How high can you get?)  Cause what goes up must come down  So we gotta rise up to the Higher ground  Rise Up (Rise Up)  Rise Up (Rise Up)  Rise Up (Rise Up)  How high can you get?  [B-Real] Cruising in the drop chevy  Got my foot on the floor  I'm hitting switches and my brim is heavy  You wanna look inside  And see whos crossing the brine  Curiosity is killing you  With stick in the prime  I get high from the brim in the set  Never gripping the square  But all you haters couldn't hold my Don't need a clip for my ? straight  You should leave it alone  And check your toe cause my line will spit  [Tom Morello] This right heres as high as it gets  Somebody likes it..the hell  Cause you stepped on the sex  But guess who will show you, you gotta pass the check  Got my clock on deck and my custom vest streets  You came, for me I'm the best  And you can keep the dress  Cause I'm smoke at the less  Turn a step back I'm tired of getting pushed  Gotta rise up to the top (to the top)  Can't stop (How high can you get?)  Gotta rise up to the top (to the top)  Can't stop (How high can you get?)  Cause what goes up must come down  So we gotta rise up to the Higher ground  Rise Up (Rise Up)  Rise Up (Rise Up)  Rise Up (Rise Up)  How high can you get?  [Sen Dog] I go psycho, crazy Michael Myers  Except the stages on fire going higher  Cause when I lean on a flyer  Theres so much more to make the whole city rise  This defines a man to get the whole world lifted  Wall man trying to make a land with a mission  There's no way you can stand in this position  You can't take the heat get the fuck about the tension  [B-Real] Go with the will to hustle, you see if we hit the floor you'll never stop it you ain't got the muscle  Were going to world top, homeboy this is the show  We gotta blow up the stage be out the door  Sometimes we all nedd an escape  So when we form our track  Well get your mind while we get the stat  I made a pack with a crew on the hill  We continue to build with all the people who believe their bill  Gotta Rise up (to the top, to the top)  Can't stop (How high can you get?)  Gotta Rise up (to the top, to the top)  Can't stop (How high can you get?)  Cause what goes up must come down  So we gotta rise up to the Higher ground  Rise Up (Rise Up)  Rise Up (Rise Up)  Rise Up (Rise Up)  How high can you get? The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Cypress Hill Album: Rise Up Song: Get it Anyway Typed by: cpt-187@web.de [Verse 1]  Imma do my thing  Let me tell you right now  Cause I dont know any other way  Of living my life now  Some of you know the struggle  Some of you live in a bubble  Some of you hustle  And some of you just looking for troble  I dont follow or lead  Tommorows a dream,  Pray to god to intervine  On all the sorrow ive seen  You want out of here  You can leave if you wanna  If thats your type of persona  Life is shorter,  Now dont make me say it ten times  I keep going for mine  Even in the end times  I can beat the system  Come on and say it with me  Show me some optimism  We can take over the city  Real life represent the sound since the first day  Gangstas, hustlas, grinding out around the way  Can't stop gotta be always on the paper chase  Educated, they won't give it, but I did it anyway  Regardless what the haters say  Imma get it anyway  Imaa get it anyway  Regardless what the haters say  Imma get it anyway  Imma get it anyway  [Verse 2]  There comes a time in your life  You gotta go for yours  Staying paid Is like the battle of forever more  I stay peddle to the metal  Foot on the floor  Imma keep on the streets Knocking down your doors  I'm by the dollar Like everybody oughta be  Don't burn nobody And make the money honestly  Open your home with the internet technology  I get it anyway  Just find it in the economy  See I aint coughin  Unless it makes a profit  Im dropping this so hot  Like every day gossip  Regardless of the climate  Im gonna get it everday  Even if the bullets spray  Imma get it anyway  Real life represent the sound since the first day  Gangstas, hustlas, grinding out around the way  Can't stop gotta be always on the paper chase  Educated, they won't give it, but I did it anyway  Regardless what the haters say  Imma get it anyway  Imaa get it anyway  Regardless what the haters say  Imma get it anyway  Imma get it anyway  [Sing]  La la la la la  You know we blazin up that  La la la la la  All around the world  La la la la la  Our peoples getting money  La la la la la  Let me hear you sing  So let em hear us holla  Or we'll guide em by the collar  Making it harder for you  Dont wanna make an honest dollar  You wanna sip a little,  To make your pain numb  Tippin that bottle  Got you forgettin where you came from  But I'm the same one  Where you think my name's from  Imma keep it moving  And never stop till the games done  Forever we live it, forever we spit it  Remember the minute  You witnessed the realest that ever did it  Still I'm committed  No matter what I hear from the critic  People can see through a gimmick  I'm putting on a clinic  We in trobled times  Swerving through the double lines  You're in a head on collision  Cause now you served your time  Real life represent the sound since the first day  Gangstas, hustlas, grinding out around the way  Can't stop gotta be always on the paper chase  Educated, they won't give it, but I did it anyway  Regardless what the haters say  Imma get it anyway  Imaa get it anyway  Regardless what the haters say  Imma get it anyway  Imma get it anyway  [Sing]  La la la la la  You know we blazin up that  La la la la la  All around the world  La la la la la  Our peoples getting money  La la la la la  Let me hear you sing  La la la la la  You know we blazin up that  La la la la la  All around the world  La la la la la  Our peoples getting money  La la la la la  Let me hear you sing  La la la la la  You know we blazin up that  La la la la la  All around the world  La la la la la  Our peoples getting money  La la la la la The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Cypress Hill Album: Rise Up Song: Pass the Dutch Typed by: cpt-187@web.de Do you want to get high?  (YEAH ! ....)  (Put it in the air...)  Pass the joint on the left hand side  Only on the left hand side  Pass the joint on the left hand side  Only on the left hand side  Pass the joint on the left hand side  Only on the left hand side  Pass the joint on the left hand side  Then put in the air  if you wanna get high  Spark it up in a circle  With the kush weed that would hurt you  If you got the purple we can blaze it  Either way, The high you scerch?  You shoulda bought  Then you know the rules  before you hit it once  When you catch my blunt  you know which way to pass it  when it comes  Pass the joint on the left hand side  Don't ever pass it on the right  never ash it on my Nike  If you sprinkle hash in it  Just don't let it out your sight  'Cause if you take it outta sight Well ya just beggin' for a fight  Aight!  Give me a lighter So why you can't decide  to ignite it?  Puff Puff Pass homie!  Don't just stand and try to hide it  I smoke a bowl or a spliff  and uplift my sprits  then I take a bong hit  Hit it fuckin' hard  and clear it  Hit it with the left hand,  pass to the next man  Still the fool is blessed,  and his weed is from the west  and you'll never get it done  your bitin' you can bet it on your life  It's 4/20 every night  Who wanna get high?  Do you want to get high? (YEAH !....)  Pass the joint on the left hand side  Only on the left hand side  Pass the joint on the left hand side  Only on the left hand side  Pass the joint on the left hand side  Only on the left hand side  Pass the joint on the left hand side  And then put it in the air  If you wanna get high  I'm Green Evidence  On the podium, stands the minister  I see weed from Cypress trees  I just finished up  I'm center stage high,  Civic center stage dive  Even summer,winter, spring,  and fall, ain't the same  My heads in the clouds  of smoke then I choke and laugh,  then toke on the left hand side  No joke work  can touch these Los Angeles souls  We twist herbs up  The word's a dangerous flow  (Go!)  (Only on the left hand...)  When I smoke  I'm tilted to the side like a kick stand  Roll up a rock  and call me a middle man  I'm sinkin' a riddle  like it was quicksand  One *snort* clear out your nasal passage  wit the medicine of dristan  Voila, my mind at ease...  The Police car (Whoop-Whoop) wanna come find my trees  Hashish from Iraq  will make my eyes chinese  Tearing up the studio  just tryin' to find my keys (la, la, la, la, la...)  It's like that ya'll  Pass the joint on the left hand side  Only on the left hand side  Pass the joint on the left hand side  Only on the left hand side (la, la, la, la, la...)  Pass the joint on the left hand side  Only on the left hand side  Pass the joint on the left hand side  Then put it in the air  If you wanna get high  Do you want to get high? (YEAH !....) Artist: Cypress Hill Album: Rise Up Song: K.U.S.H. Typed by: cpt-187@web.de [Intro]  Chong: Hey man! Check this out. I got the best KUSH ever man!  Cheech: Aw, man... I've been so out... You got sent from heaven! All right, man, light it up, homes!  Chong: Ok, check it out man!  [Verse 1 - B-Real]  I'm the original Dr. Greenthumb the rest are liars,  I'm the one with the prescription to get you higher,  I got every type of weed that you might desire,  Go ahead, fire it up, maybe you can get inspired  Any kind of flavor you savor  I can do you the favor  Just as long as you share with your neighbor  Some like the Sour D, that's an east coast swing  But on the west coast we all know KUSH is queen  Some of y'all will smoke anything, but me, I'm picky  I throw it out if I don't see that it's green and sticky  No stress, no bush, I'm pushing the KUSH  When I harvest put a K on the bag like the Nike Swoosh  I'm over the world, in case you wonder  I smoked everywhere I went, they call me the weed hunter  But no one does it better like we do in Cali  Just ask one of my patients cause they always tell me that the...  K.U.S.H. keeps us so high  The K.U.S.H. keeps us so high  The more I smoke, the higher I get  The better I feel, I can't quit  The more I smoke, the higher I get  The better I feel, I can't quit  [Verse 2 - B-Real]  Kottonmouth Kings are down with us  Snoop Dogg and Dre are down with us  Cheech and Chong, they're down with us  But the DEA, they can get the nuts  On a hard times cover, you might see us  Taking hits from the bong with the April song  With weed so strong, that knockout King Kong  Hit it one good time... Your mind's gone  Your eyes get red, and your mouth goes dry  Just get me when you want more and I'll supply  Red and meth said, "let's gets stoned" I said "How High"  They said "high enough to touch God and kiss the sky"  "That's a tall order But I think I got what you need"  I got the food for though and I'm ready to feed  So, follow my lead I got some gifts to bring  It's an everyday life for the Reefer King  [Verse 3 - B-Real]  I got the cream of the crop  My crop means cream  When it's time to bag it up I assemble the team  We're like the Yankees, most winning, grand champs of the herb  Nothing gets you like the type of medicine I serve  Lawyers, teachers, actors, street cleaners  No matter what they are, they all come to see the Reefer  They stay high 24 like Keifer  I tell 'em don't hit too hard, this is a Creepa  Woody Harrelson is down with us  Bruce Willis smokes all, he's down with us  Yeah, Willie Nelson is down with us  Who the fuck you think drives the ganja bus?  Dionne Warwick, she's down with us  She got caught at the airport with joints and such  So if anyone asks, she's down with us  And you don't wanna enter more weed in the Cannabis cup  I'm Greenthumb, I reign supreme, son  A strain better than mine, I've never seen one  The K.U.S.H. keeps you so high that you can't concentrate  Dave Chapelle, is down with us  Halle Barry, too, but don't tell no one  KRS-One is down with us  He's a blunt getting smoked and he can't wake up  The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Cypress Hill Album: Rise Up Song: Get 'Em Up Typed by: cpt-187@web.de [B-Real]  Who wants the wrath, it must be the hood  who's up to no good, and wishes a man would  come up and give him a reason to blast on..  I wouldn't put it past him!  He's got juice, how long will it last him?  He's gettin back, at, all the punks that harassed him  Ask him (HEY!) what's ya main hobby?  He'll say there ain't, nothin like the motherfuckin robbery  So don't crowd me, cause yo I run shit  You know, homey that old top gun shit  I got a slug comin straight out the barrel  for your ass, if you wanna ask a dumb question  Cause I'm quick on the draw, click-click, punks drop  Now your lifes ain't worth shit!  [Chorus: B-Real, Sen Dog (repeat 2X)]  Shoot 'em up, just shoot 'em up y'all, yeah  Shoot 'em up, just shoot 'em up (SHOOT 'EM UP!)  Shoot 'em up, just shoot 'em up y'all, yeah  Shoot 'em up, just shoot 'em up (SHOOT 'EM UP!)  [Sen Dog]  Sen Dog, never again will I bend  No letters of death, no threats, will I send  So I'm puttin an end, to all your dumb shit  (dumb shit) dumb shit.. that, "Homes WHERE YOU FROM?" shit  Cause I run shit, my way, all day, I don't play  cause it won't pay  Niggaz wanna play with the pistol, you make me get pissed though  (YOU GET A FISTFUL!)  Make you eat knuckles, feel your knees buckle  Still feelin great when you're sleepin on the pavement?  Save it! The beatdown, who gave it?  Sen did, no one will explain it  [B-Real]  I've had it up to HERE, with all the bullshit  Finger's on the trigger, and I'm about to pull it  Gank hardrock, up the block, you know I rule it  To the punks around the corner someone's gonna catch a bullet  To the crew, that wants, to get with my program  I'm out to get mine, and ain't takin shit from no man  in the neighborhood, cause there ain't no brotherhood  In other words, good, if you heard, that we're comin up  We're out to make a quick buck, that's what I'm thinkin  And I'm smokin any PUNK who even thinks of finkin  The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Cypress Hill f/ Mike Shinoda Album: Rise Up Song: Carry Me Away Typed by: cpt-187@web.de [B-Real + (Mike Shinoda):]  I was an outcast, outsider. - Trouble maker A lost soul! - Outta control in danger Didn't have a care in the world, my feeling were numb  Never showing emotion, it's easy for some I don't know how it happened? How I got to this point?  But I needed a way out; I was stuck in a ploy I needed another path or I'd self destruct  I was down on my luck; my head was so fucked!  A menace rollin' the streets is what I was  Holdin' my heat and rollin' with the serious thugs  You couldn't tell me a thing, I was like my brother Words went in one ear and out the other Slangin' and bangin' - with a chip on my shoulder "An insane, hit the brain! " [echoes] Certified street soldier!  So close to the grave, [echoes] (Oooooooooooohoooooohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!)  You at an early age, can't tell you the price I've paid!  [Chorus: Mike Shinoda]  Oh the sky overhead, it's like - a canvas of grey I don't know how much time I'll be given to stay From the first spring to light, 'til the end of the day  I'm just livin' my life, 'til they come carry meee awaaaaaaaayyyyyyy!  [Sen Dog + (Mike Shinoda)]  I've been there in LA nights in the block where I came up  My pops used to hate when we hanged with them bangers Guess he knew one day that we'll become us  That's just how it is when you live where we come from [echoes]  "Fight, don't run! " is the motto we live by  Get 'em on the ground and stomp a mind about ten times!  Sure we was just kids back then  I had no remorse for what we did back then [echoes]  Six of us, one call, we'd all pack in  Hit the strip, and go and get the shit crack in!  Gun wars, and drug deals, I seen 'em happen When I started losin' homeboys, I wasn't laughin'! [echoes]  I looked all around and seen none of 'em there!  That's when I figured out - that nobody cared!  If we lived or die; we'll just get high and ride (Oooooooooooohoooooohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!)  And I wasn't gonna let this happen one more time!  [B-Real:]  My mother would stand for me every step of the way  She did not judge me! She told me I'd win some day!  When I was at my lowest - when I had no focus  She pulled me out the gutter, said I wasn't hopeless  Every night she prayed for me I was out on the street  Chillin' on the corner with the hand on my heat!  Eyes open wide for the pigs and foes  It's an every day hazard when you hustle for dough!  So many nights I didn't come home, she thought the worst  Maybe somebody shot me down without any remorse Maybe I hurt somebody and I was stuck in a cell  Well I regret all those time that I put her through hell!  When I reflect back on those days, my heart aches  And everybody I lost or let down, I wish I could take it  All back and make it better but I can't, so I try to make amends  And be there, through thick and thin!  [Bridge: Mike Shinoda]  Come carry meee awaaaaaaaayyyyyyy!  Come carry meee awaaaaaaaayyyyyyy!  Come carry meee awaaaaaaaayyyyyyy!  Come carry meee awaaaaaaaayyyyyyy! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Cypress Hill Album: Rise Up Song: Armada Latina Typed by: cpt-187@web.de Ay Caribe el tierra del mi gente hermosa  (Armada Latina)  Cielo y Sol, me acompanan donde quiera  (mi fama hispana)  Hermanito la lucha recien que impieza  (hermano ponle gana)  Yo naci con sangre Taina, yo naci  Came out the other man  Southern land  Didn't have to jump a hand  Never had another plan  I'm different to the mother man  Some will get a summer tan  It's hotter than a summer jam  Live for today  Cause you'll never gettin another chance  I ain't trippin off the he say and she say  Cause we say fuck  And pass me a cuba libre  That's what we want  Don't front  I could see ya but  You don't want to see the cold heap up front  How we blow it up  We came to blow it up, hit the spot  So we're done  Representin' in, blowin up  That's how we show the love  That's how we pass up all this shit that  We know gon' come  It's like the soldier's run is done when the war's won  Latino hasta la muerte  Chicos they working hard  Bout the noise,  Suerte Gracias a Dios, Thank God  The Cubans from Miami coulda took that coke route  Marimberos parseros con clinicas  Santeros con muela  Que dicen que pueden curar abuelas  Ya'll like Scarface I'm more like Sosa  Cypress hill pretty flaco  It's our culture  From cali to the crib, crib  Me in miami  Thank god I'm doin music  If not I'd be tying families  I'm not a asshole(oh no)  About my cash flow  Let me take this shit  and send this letter off to Castro  ha, ha, ha Dale, come mierda We way too hot  always comin up with something clever  a cosa nostra  cypress hill maca fera  feelin fancy in the hip throne, guayabera  and we just clowning  on what we call some, money-lera  call me sammy  wild child from the isles  I can go forever like an old fashioned country mouse  Stilo be guajiro  Latino is the lingo  I'm straight cubanichi  I bang Pinar del Rio  Lockin up this function  Just like Benny More  Go ahead and play the congas  And I'm gonna rap over it  Ya I'm a fool I'm outta here  Yes sir I gotta go  Get me some Chiva's Regal  And slap me some dominos The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Cypress Hill f/ Roni Size Album: Blade II Soundtrack Song: Child of the West Typed by: compbuttons@hotmail.com [B-Real] I traveled many miles above the dark road ahead of me Obstacles in front of me but I kept movin' steadily Enemies wanted to face off, grip the fingers threaten me But I ain't goin' out grip and sit firm and readily I'm a child of the wild west keepin' you guessin' constantly Usin' this lumen and y'all don't know how to respond to me It's simple, keep ya mouth shut I don't care what ya want from me Pump up the volume so ya eardrums are rattlin' [Hook x2] Hurt em' then I murdered them Think that's competition cause I've never heard of him I hurt em' then I murder them If they come runnin' up I make them hurt again [B-Real] Your rhymeness and blindness, just find out who was rhymeless The shit weighs out in a month, the loss goes on timeless Ya rolled into crimeless, aggravated and shineless I designed this for the lost who need to find this The blind baby and maybe you need someone to lead you Stop actin' like an infant, I'm tired of force feedin' you You can't keep runnin' from the destiny that's meetin' you It's your own soul, your own ghost that keeps beatin' you [Hook x2] [Sen Dogg] Pump up the volume so ya eardrums are rattlin' This is just a warning before I begin battlin' Unsensible with ya actions with ya tractions I'm facin' the methodical, serial rhymes in my state Meets periodical, we're in a hostile, colossal Situation and it's possible to get from the bust, bust, bust From penetration, lyrical blows You cynical hoes are speechless [Hook] [Sen Dogg] The psychological, projectile article missionary Start to realize what the fuck in speech is scary It's diabolical, straddle on top of you When mister rebels spray levels of melodical With doses of venom, big toke go hypnotic Go for broke cause if ya lose control ya end up in the hospital Incomprehensible, unconventional, go go go From eventual tactics [Hook x2] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: B-Real f/ Psycho Realm Album: Bulworth soundtrack Song: Lunatics in the Grass Typed by: lordjazz@mobsters.com Intro Straight from the Psycho Ward Once again Verse One: B-Real Psycho from the ward, a warning, a fucking scandal Lookin' around, paranoid devoid the funk banner In the combat, the banana leaf control A sea, bring a pound of weed and get sold You going crazy, can't understand Why you never face me? Don't foil the plan! Head-to-head combat, I'm on that mission You wishin' to disappear? Some mission is closin' near! Sick-o!  Strumming through the hall, yes y'all! Hear the call to the D.A., fucking D-E-A They all wanna raid my spot and take hits But I'm breakin' that L.A. Law like Jimmy Sprits Insane, crazy in the head it's lead! I'm loco, 'til I'm dead, enough said! Actions allowing the words to barrage in From having all the way down, to the depths of Hell You hear me? Lunatic in the grass, lost You a psycho, like my nigga Jack Frost? Chorus Looney, lunatic turned sick Psycho, crazy in the head, I go Can't keep my head straight from the laws I break You too, y'all twistin' up my mind state! Verse Two: Jacken For those who really don't understand Why we, going insane, just acting crazy! Buggin' now from, all the things I see All tread bad and I meant in 3D We be the psycho doers, turned killers Only to survive all these street cop killers I'll tell ya now, nobody's everlasting Even if you try, but you laugh it won't be subtracting It ain't no thing but mad You better give it up, you steppin' to a psychopath Game over, I'm intoxicated, never sober When one steps up, I'm poisonous like a deadly cobra! The only reason why I say this Is because y'all breakin' this (?) got me tripping One can only maintain, for so long 'Til all the screws in your head are loose and worn Now you're the (?) straight psycho remain nameless Only known from crazy acts, making you famous Verse Three: B-Real I'm the locust pocus, tell me how you feel When I smoke that motherfucker coming for the kill! If the criminal element, unfolding But the reckoning, brings settling with the metal shit Breaking out the .45 sick, to get live If you arrive, don't get nervous! You wanna surface Sick, insane in the brain, I'm trippin'! I'm sippin' on the wine, it's all in the mind, flippin' We dippin' now, you make me wanna shout Talk about, my mental state Think I need to rehabilitate Wipe the slate, look inside your fate, can't wait But don't you motherfuckers can't come in the gate! Get your ass on, you pass on, we blast on The gats armed, shitted on the last one, c'mon!  Psycho assassins smashing your membrane Lunatics in the grass, feeding it to your vein! Chorus X2 The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Cypress Hill Album: The Cable Guy Soundtrack Song: The Last Assassin Typed by: cheg71@hotmail.com * * send corrections to the typist [Phone Call] Bueno ?Como esta todo? Bien, bien, que bueno, que bueno Bueno, a lo que estamos hablando, van a ser 50000 (cincuenta mil) bolas 25 (veinticinco) ahora y 25 despues Y a que usted agarre noticia de que Don Miguel ha muerto Nos veremos en el centro de Los Angeles Aha por la Pico y la Figueroa [B-Real] Lookin' back in the days of my youth no doubt I didn't have any role models kickin' the truth out So who am I supposed to look up to? [Edit] on the corner, or the boys in blue Now I had 2 choices, what could I be? Down with, runnin' with the pigs or the g's Let's see, a pig ain't done nothin' for me But try to guide me to the penetentiary The g's on the other hand wanna see me Callin' shots in the hood, recruitin' homies Either way I'm [edit] unfortunatley So I think I'll roll with the neighborhood family G's in the hood are influential Pigs on the street are detrimental A g's got stripes on his credentials Growin' up ain't easy in the Central In the soul of the one holdin' the gun Of the Assassin, elimination, blastin', assassination The lone hard core to the bone individual Highly adavanced than your average criminal Through the shadows I lurk through the alleys And rooftops, scoped and aimed at your brain Until we meet in the next world again Until the year 2000 come on in my friend An O.G. told me how to make some ends To get the Rolex and the phat fuckin Benz All I gotta do is take out a few friends Disappear for a while then come back again I used to have to hit them with the long range shot In time I got better in the closer I got The last thing I learned was the knife in hand Blade to the throat, Oh, how I could kill a man You could never understand how my mind works The professional methods I use when I do dirt Enemies and adversaries on the contract No combat, I catch them in their Z's No one ever knows how the cards get dealt In the hands of the maker when you break yourself Why do I do do do things I do Nobody was ever there for me to talk to Once I was youngster, pure and true Now I'm runnin' with the sick, sick crew You could never understand what I go through There could never be another [edit] fillin' my shoes Sometimes I wonder how I made this far In the gang set trippin' Givin' up the set I claim Pigs lookin' at me and they wanna take aim But I don't give a [edit] cause it's all the same [Chorus] - [last line is different] Until the year 2000 my friend The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Cypress Hill Album: Freak Tha Funk 12" Song: Crossfire Typed by: Jlhmom3@aol.com * * send corrections to the typist [B-Real] On the high seas, it's the pirate With the musket At'cha head, and I'll fire it "It's the return of the Red Beard!" And Polly don't want a cracka' I'm gonna make you back up With the wind in the sail Destination on to the temple Where the boom lies in the ?bin full? Outlaws ridin' beside me I see a ship on the horizon Comin' up, and I'm realizin' It's time for another uprisin' I'm manin' this attack by suprise n' "Avast mates, fire up the cannon" Right on the enemy's vessel it's landin'! Look at all these ships sinkin' low, and goin' down With the captain, that's goin' under Let no man put us under When me and my ship's rollin' like thunder (hook) Ghost rida' On the seven seas fiya' Pump that cannon when the flames get higha' (x4) I'm still on the high seas Smellin' that salt of the ocean breeze Feelin' that heat of the sun on my face with a 'Yo Ho Ho and a bottle of rum' When you see my flag in the distance You better run and call for assistance "Cuz we're comin' on the pillage, Killin' all the men, and takin' all the gold and the riches in the village" "Pull up the anchor! Swap with the bounty!" Headin' for the east where my enemies hound me They wanna hang me for high treason and chivalry And for many other reasons Wanted dead, and a handsome reward for any motherfucker who delivers my head "Shiver me timbers!" I'll burn your bloody ass to a cinder So all you motherfuckers remember (hook) [Sen Dog] Think of the many moons I been away from home On the seven seas or wherever I roam Black Beard takin' you down to the galley How does it feel with my sword in your belly You can face the cold shank Or get ?blind funk it? when I'm makin' you walk the plank Standin' over the edge in the dark B: "Feed his bloody ass to the God damn sharks!" Sen: The sound of a neck bone snappin' is what'cha in fo' When ya on ya way to the sea flo' B: "Sixteen men on a dead man's chest" Sen: I killed them fools and I'll kill the rest B: "I am what I am!" Sen: And I'm not a land lubba' When ya hear the musket, you all take cova' B: "Fire one, fire two, fire three! Don't ever forget about me!" Sen: 'Cause I'm the ghost rider' on the storm Keepin' the cannons warm (hook) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Cypress Hill Album: Friday soundtrack Song: Roll it Up, Light it Up, Smoke it Up Typed by: OHHLA.com (*guy toking up*) Fuckin buddha comin at'cha live Direct with the biggest, fattest joint Comin in with indo flavors Fuckin buddha comin at'cha like this '95 [B-Real] It's, Friday mornin, where the weed at? Let me dip into my pocket for my fat weed sack Cause I wanna get high like a plane in the sky, with the indo cloud in my brain Where the fuck are my zig-zags and my lighters? So I can roll it and set it on fire Damn, I wish I had scissors cause the shit is so sticky that it's gettin on my fuckin fingers But it's smokeable, double tokeable I got the one-hitter quitter bombay shit that's tokeable I wanna do a joint venture Let me make sure there ain't no lump in the god damn center Impregnated lookin joint, fuck it I can smoke it and I still get faded [Chorus: repeat 4X] Roll it up, light it up, smoke it up Inhale, exhale "I'm the freaker, the one freaks the funk" {*repeat scratch 4X*} [B-Real] + (Sen Dog) (East Coast hittin that blunt), West Coast hittin that honeydip Marijuana joint, then I want another hit Roll it up, (light it up), smoke it up I wanna stimulate my mind (so I toke it up) Can I get a hit? (Can I get a hooh!?) Gimme that fat bag of weed and the brew so I can get faded, elevated Smoke the joint down to a roach then I ate it I stand true to the yesca, mota as I keep runnin from the Chota Gimme dat weed fool and ya zig-zags (Puto don't be holdin out on the big bag) "I'm the freaker, the one freaks the funk" {*repeat to fade*} Artist: Get the Fist Movement Album: Get the Fist 12" Song: Get the Fist Typed by: jostmatt@bluewin.ch [King Tee] Get a taste of the heat while I burn down the streets Time to recognize who wore the white sheets Gafflin me up and I'm fightin cause they got me Known as a King knowin what they did to Rodney I know you know the deal, it's open season on my race I'm black and I'm proud to be lootin in your face But yet I'm real smart, cause see, it's a plan To lock up and shut down the black man [Yo-Yo] Yeah, you can play that role like you ain't with it if you wanna But it's on to the break of dawn I said it's just 'a few good men' when we were fightin I guess it'll be more good men now we're united Now all of a sudden they wanna bring in troops Niggas in my hood been gettin loose and buckin fools But now we're gettin wiser, you can tell by the fires That they're fed up, the war is on us [MC Eiht] What happened to the drive-by killings? Ain't nothin poppin no more cause brothers now chillin From every hood to block to corner to street Not black-on-black, the other color gets beat Mh, I guess it's time for brothers to turn the page and Let out some rage and bang a Caucasian Geah, MC Eiht got the pale face runnnin scared Gang of blue, fuck the white, I'm down with the red [B-Real] Doin dirt, at the time I thought it couldn't hurt So I became a jackin expert Lootin, scootin uptown cause they're shootin up a clown That fuckin pig in the blue suit  That pig, sow, buster-ass copper Pointin my bazooka at your pork chopper You passed me a lump just a month back That's why I got my hand on the pump, jack [HOOK 2x] You can get with that, or you can get with this You can get the boot, or you can get the fist [J-Dee] Heary heary, y'all come kick it, man I never thought I'd see a thousand Crips in the Nickerson Gardens, pardon my manners I saw the Bloods and Crips wavin big black banners Bandanas tied, straps on their side Cause in the projects it was a lotta black pride And I remember the time I couldn't answer my pager Cause if you were slippin your enemy come and gauge ya [KAM] It's the KAM and Watts Up, damn, this is like a dream It feels good, cause every hood is on the same team Archrivals got the five-o's kinda nervous They layin in the cut but I know they wanna serve us And I'm certain it's hurtin Daryl Gates He rather have a brother pressin California license plates While the media gets greedier for ratings It's 12 o'clock at night but I'm rollin gold Daytons And it's cool cause ain't nobody trip but the cops Deep jeep bass comin from the rag top [Threat] It took more than a letter to pull us black together But that goes to show you, never say never I seen the tape, I didn't have to see it twice Never seen nothin like it in my life, 12 blind mice Is this the end, where we begin Makin friends with Mister Chen? From the dirt to the streets to the avenues Way, way deep, deep in the Zoo [Ice Cube] Would you believe Not guilty, the filthy devils tried to kill me When the news get to the hood the niggas will be Hotter than cayenne pepper, cuss, bust Kickin up dust is a must I can't trust a cracker in a blue uniform Stick a nigga like a unicorn Born wicked, Laurence Powell, foul Cut his damn throat and I smile  [HOOK 2x] You can get with that, or you can get with this You can get the boot, or you can get the fist The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Cypress Hill f/ Method Man, Redman Album: How High Soundtrack Song: Cisco Kid Typed by: Dwhite7252@aol.com * * send corrections to the typist We gonna get you high (*whispered in background 6 times*) Let's get high (*whispered in background 2 times*) (B-Real) I flow rhymes off just like weed in your chest Think you got endo, hold your breath Spittin on the track with Red and Meth Holdin up a fat, when you smoke a cassette Or CDs, we bees the ones with the Ouija's Spread it on the arm, come on believe me Look who it is, it's the funky feel Smokin assassin from Cypress Hill We think she's just resonated? Fillin my brain till it's saturated When you get the crushed weed and cultivate it Give it to the hoes who love to hate it Cause blunts get filled like Hershey Highways I don't give a fuck who sits where I blaze Chillin at the rainbow high and faded You saving that bump(??), then isolate it (Method Man) Is there a Doctor in the house? We like fuck that, nut sacks in your mouth Lemme show you what a thug about We can talk or we can slug it out Better yet, you can bark like a bitch when I thug it out There it is, a better a kid, ahead of his Time to settle this, like men I'm pipin hot, exciting Right in the gym or hype in them, alright then All day I drink and smoke Shell toe with ankles in ya both Cent, five cents, ten cents, dollar Rocwilder blend the track and getting hotter Ask your boy, now pass your boy something to smoke Cause you have had nothing to throat, swallow Bang the track, bring your bat Ain't too many that can hang with that So why bother (Chorus) Cisco Kid was a friend of mine Hell yea Cisco Kid was a friend of mine Hell yea He drank whiskey, Pancho drank the wine Hell yea He drank whiskey, Pancho drank the wine Hell yea (Cypress Hill) Yea, send all, and fall back And who wrote on this track I don't really give a fuck Put the pen down lets toss them up Soul assasins, Latin thugs Whole damn world know about us Rhymes we kick and weed we pour Get tus vatos all fucked up And sing along to my get high song Had you choking off of four foot bong Cypress Hill and weed, can't go wrong Keep you smoking like Cheech and Chong (Redman) Yo, call me that Doctor P-Funk or chronic blower Pussy smoker, strap toker, back broker Hash burns in your pull out sofa This is my brain on drugs Move out my way cuz, cause I might run you over Bitches bounce your titties I bounce with a pump shotgun Look out, the highest man in the world Walkin off with my hand on your girl Can't drink and can't stand in the world Niggas, two puffs and then pass me the L What you talking about I'm not high enough to start that party Triple beater enter the stage with a gauge Don't shoot nobody What you ain't high enough? Do I gotta jump out there and tie you up? Strap a bomb to your mouth Till you wired up Till the Park Ranger call the Firetruck And said Hey motherfucker, what you be smoking on? I said Hey motherfucker, why do you want some? Yo, yo, give me the gun, we don't need to fight Hold that blunt, I'll give you a light Don't no nigga want to die tonight With all this weed, get high tonight.. BITCH! Chorus 2 times The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Cypress Hill  Album: IV (Import Version) Song: Case Closed  Typed by: dalyricalmaster@tupac.com (Sen Dog) Motherfucker with one little single Three or four Caimans under your belt One good game gonna put you in the Hall of Fame motherfucker, nahmean? Got one hit think you an all star baby Ha, you sure got somethin to learn, rookie ass nigga It's the big hill baby, stand strong motherfucker, what (B-Real) Don't trip when you hit the lunatic, transmit ah shit Break it down for the bitches and don't slip You wish, get a grip you talkin with loose lips runnin your mouth, give you a tip, eat a dick Huffin and puffin now you the man, understand this Dumb motherfuckers explode up in the push persist Keep movin with no lyrics, your spirit's broke Sounds like you got a dick caught in your throat Huh, hit wood-a takin you under a down low Shitting on your one single and carry O's Hold up; let me slow down the catch up Before you open up your mouth for the kick to the gut Pure breed, raw killer, rhyme thriller Spit fire like Godzilla, the mad willer Swingin over the beat, you ready, hold steady You come across, biting the bullet and be the boss Hard, sit-cars, you wanna floss guitars quick You rapping like you wrapping your lips around my dick Nobody told me to stop until I bust in your face Got your rhyme Puffy, sprayin the mace, the case closed Expose the whack nigga who chose to pose high Figure burial, up in the hills, the gravedigger, nigga (Chorus: B-Real) Rookies got a single, they think they all pro's (yeah, you can man) Not one album mounting, they thinkin they got close (motherfucker, you bitch) I rock shows, tell me what you know about those I'm annihilating all of my foes, the case closed (bite your ass) Rookies got a single, they think they all pro's Not one album mounting, they thinkin they got close I rock shows, tell me what you know about those I'm annihilating all of my foes, the case closed Rookies got a single, they think they all pro's Not one album mounting, they thinkin they got close I rock shows, tell me what you know about those I'm annihilating all of my foes, the case closed Rookies got a single, they think they all pro's Not one album mounting, they thinkin they got close I rock shows, tell me what you know about those I'm annihilating all of my foes, the case closed The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Cypress Hill Album: IV - Latin America Song: Tequila Sunrise - Spanish Version Typed by: negative_z@hotmail.com Pa'la Salud Pa'la Salud Primero Yo!! ARRGH!!!! (Mexican Yell) Cometelo!!!!!!! Aqui estoy con mi barrio listo a hacer feria,  Cartel Cypress Hill esta en tu area, Colectando queso alla en Mexico,  Donde el sol quema duro y baja despacio,  Tengo mis camaradas y todos tambien,  Tengo una mansion en tierra que mide cien,  Y todos se den cuenta vengo a hacer transas,  Como Chalino aqui estoy pa'la raza,  Me veen en mi ranfla con todos los hierros,  cuidando mi negocio con todo mi perro,  No trates nada tengo mis soldados,  Espiritu asesino viene preparado,  Raperos desperados es nuestro tema,  El dicho de nosotros Agarra La Crema. Tequila Sunrise Con los ojos rojos un dia vamos a morir, Escandalosos!! Nunca conoci dinero asi, En mis manos,  Hasta que conoci, un camarada como hermano,  No importa donde miro, Tiene a todos asustados,  Corriendo por cubres, Por mas que vende amarrados,  Pero como guerrillero me enseno la foto grande,  Asi vendiendo drogas, Jamas nunca antes,  No como rateros, Que no entienden no comprenden,  No pases anos torcidos con placas en tu frente,  Entiendes??, Me dio una copa y tome,  El sabor malo del gusano me jame, Dandome lecciones, Me cacheteo y dijo mira, Eres mi mejor paisa,  Pero nunca me digas, Lo que digo y te hago Rico Chico, Que hasta duermen en hoyos,  No me cruces o te pico,  Que no se te olviden las reglas del juego,  Te van a conocer hasta que quemes en el fuego,  Mujeres falsas y dinero no va,  Como tomando manejando mi hermano te matara,  Quedate alerta a lo que esta alrededor,  Esas cosas que dije van a ser tu matador,  Tenlo todo en orden, La plata no va a parar,  Recuerdate de mi y siempre vas a ganar. Tequila Sunrise, ay ay ay,  Tiempo vuela rapido y by surprise,  mi pana se murio y a mi me dejo, capitan de la movida aqui, digo yo,  tragate el gusano cabron, Soy el maton, Si no me matas te mato a ti, Como un ladron,  Confia en nadie, Vengo pa'atras y jamas me cruces a mi,  Porque yo, Tengo mas, Me recuerdo lo que digo Jesus,  Si quieres el dinero, Paisa, Tienes que ser primero,  Que te peguen mis palabras,  Estas listo pa' morir, A todo tiempo,  Porque si no, Vas a sufrir. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Cypress Hill f/ Shag Album: Ice Cube Killa (White Label) 12" Song: Ice Cube Killa Typed by: Amy2@Lehigh.edu, XCSuperstarP@netscape.net [Shag] Gimmie that beat, bitch! (vocal sample: "We Are At War") Ding Ding Muthafucka It's round two I got my nuts and my denim, fool You think we gonan bow down to some punk ass niggaz We from the evil side, boy Chorus: B-Real [Shag] Doughboy [Killa], Wack 10 [Killa] Doughboy [Killa], Wack 10 [Killa] Doughboy [Killa], Wack 10 [Killa] Doughboy [Killa], Wack 10 [Killa] [B-Real] In about four seconds some east side niggaz Is gonna put the foot in the ass of Doughboy and Wack 10 I suggest you stay tuned muthafuckas [B-Real's verse] It takes two of you faggets to get with one of me Now I'm running up in you hoes With "No Vaseline" You could be the big fish Bring your drama Fuck your mama I'll bring the pack of piranhas You tried to pull a ditty, ho But you the one who got the alternative rockers up in your video You get addicted You can take your four W fingers and stick it in Mack 10's ass and lick it Ice Cube is a thing of the past If I got no nuts it's because they're still stuck in your ass You're the King of punks King of busters King of thieves Now get down of your fuckin' knees (Shag: Bow Down) Start to sucking You try to remake NWA without Dre and Ren Dub's cool But you're fuckin' up with Mack 10 Silly little philly  I'm back tearing' Can you really see my machine gun turrets? Open and aimed at your fat little frame How can I miss? I'll twist your cap and take your name Analyze it My name should be Mack 11  I'm a higher caliber MC There's no question Anytime you wann run up You get dealt with You get melted "Check Yo' self" (bitch check it) Ice Cube, you better tell'em (tell 'em mutha-fucka) Muggs made the best songs on your third album (biatch!) Shag (spoken): You and Wack 10 Can't deal with this Cypress Hill to the muthafuckin' fullest Fuck y'all So what'cha wanna do? Bring it on, nigga This is Shag from the Neighborhood Family Shag's verse: Mack 10 is a bitch Suckin' Ice Cube's dick But what you faggets know about some gangsta shit (B-Real: Nothin) Let's take it to the streets And fight like real g's What you niggaz wanna do? You can't fuck with these Ain't never had a strap Now you wanna gangsta rap Come can't to your hood 'Cause you're scared to get jacked Fuck peace, this is war Everybody on the floor When I see your fat ass I'm takin' one to your jaw Fuck you Fuck your mama Fuck your whole clique Better yet, fuck every nigga that you're down wit' Unoriginal Can't stand bitch made niggaz Ice Cube, youse an actor Not a muthafuckin' killa What neighborhood you from? What don't you ever done? When the shit goes down You the first one to run Everytime you talk Got a mouth full of drama Only missing you done Is going to church wit'cha mama B-Real's verse: You got the Real-a Swingi' of fmy nuts Cube Killa Break yourself niga, huh! Give a lick-a You ain't a killa You a busta Muthafucka Bitch made niggaz I never trust ya --Cube's "Can't trust 'em"-- Hoes like you can't figure out where you're from Are you from South Central, the Westside or Compton? Mack 10, the only thing you hoggin' on Is Ice Cube's nuts Now he's all in your guts You wannabe like him But you got no skills If he's the king You must be the queen of the Hill  But I shank the Cube's fat neck 'Cause "A Bitch Iz A Bitch" And a bitch don't get no respect No doubt Westside Connections means Ice Cube's stickin' his dick in Mack 10's mouth (Aahhh!) All of your homies are down wit' my clique Why you always gotta be bitin' my shit And you don't know one bitch on my dick But yours is best get a blood test for your kid Only bangin' you done was with toy figures Your mama wouldn't let you hang With real g niggaz Bring your clique on You wanna scrap So let's get it on (bullets for some chingazos, ese!) Mack 10 I gibe you a year I guarantee You'll realize that you're getting' fucked And you'll run to me You pretty little trick You look real sweet (Mmmm!) I should make you one of my hoes like Cube was for Eazy Doughboy, you're fuckin' around wit' the real Cuban I'm no fictional Scarface movie land bullshit Actor, studio gangsta You should win an award For most outstanding wax banger Fuck what you been through What you're going through East Side family, nigga What you wanna do?  [Shag] Eastside! That's right nigga! East muthafuckin' side 'Til' we die, nigga! Fuck all you punk ass niggaz! Cube 187 Mack 10 187 Any other unk ass nigga Who wanna take this beat 187 We hit niggaz up like that We bicoastal, nigga Cypress Hill family Niggaz better recognize We here to chastise Nigga, hoo bangin' That's how we hoo ride nigga No love for none of ya'll punk ass niggaz East coast nigga, West coast We don't give a fuck Talk shit get shot, nigga That's how we feel, nigga Niggaz get killed, Caps get peeled fuckin' with Cypress Hill Yeah, I thought you knew nigga I represent muthafucka How does that sound nigga Cypress Hill Family They're gonna fuck all ya'll biggaz (Chris Tucker sample: "You got knocked the fuck out man) (Cypress Hill sample: here is something you can't understand How I could just kill a man...) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Cypress Hill Album: In Tha Beginning... There Was Rap Song: I'm Still #1 [B-Real] Funkmaster Flex, is down with us KRS-One, he's down with us The Wu-Tang Clan is down with us Busta Rhymes you know he's down with us Naughty and Fat Joe are down with us The MAAD Circle are down with us Def Squad, is down with us ?DN's and Mike M? are down with us Dr. Dre you know he's down with us Julio G he's down with us Sway and King Tech, are down with us Makin funky music is a must... I'm #1! *one echoes* People still takin rappin for a joke A passing hope, or a phase with the rope Sometime I choke and try to believe when I get challenged by a million MC's I try and tell them, we're all in this together My album was raw, because no one would ever think like I think, or do what I do I stole the show, then I leave without a clue Whattayou think makes up Cypress Hill? Concisive teaching, or very clear speaking Ridiculous bass, aggravating treble Rebel, renegade, must stay paid Not by financial aid, but the break of hits causing me to take long trips I'm the original, teacher of this type of style Rockin off beat with a smile or smirk or chuckle, yet some are not up to Cypress Hill Posse, so I love to step in the jam and slam, I'm not Superman Cause anybody can or should be able, to rock a turntable Grab the mic, plug it in and begin But here's where the problem starts, no heart Because of that, a lot of groups fell apart Rap is still an art, and no one's from the old school cause rap is still a brand new cool I say no one from the old school cause rap on the whole isn't even twenty years old Fifty years down the line, you can start this Cause we'll be the old school artists And even in that time I'll say a rhyme A brand new style, ruthless and wild Runnin around, spendin money havin fun Cause even then, I'm still #1! *one echoes* Soul Assassin crew of course comes to express with styles galore Ways of rhyming, old and new Past and present, knock knock who is it? A brand new style, RRRAH time to change People talk about me when they see me on stage Live in action, guaranteed raw I hang with the rich and I work for the poor And after all you can say you saw Cypress Hill, stompin once more I play it by ear, I love to steer the fifty-seven Bel Air from here to there I grab the beer, but not in the ride Cause I'm not stupid I don't drink and drive I'm not a beginner, amateur or local My album is sellin, because of my vocals You know what you need to learn? Old school artists don't always burn You're just another rapper whose had his turn now it's my turn, and I am concerned about idiots, posing as kings What are we here to rule, I thought we're 'sposed to sing And if we are to sing, then let us begin to teach Many of you are educated open your mouth and speak A Cypress Hill soldier, is something like a total renegade Except I don't steal I rhyme to get paid Airplanes flyin, overseas people dyin politicians lyin I'm tryin not to escape, but hit the problem head-on from bringin out the truth in the song So C-H-P short for Cypress Hill Production Made a little noise cause the crew was sayin somethin People have the nerve to take me for a gangsta an ignorant one, somethin closer to a prankster Doin petty crimes goin straight to penetentiary but in the scale of crime that's really elementary This beat is now compellin me, to explain the silence why my last jam was so violent It's simple, Cypress Hill will teach reality No beatin around the bush, straight up, just like 'My Weed is Free' So now you know, a poet's job is never done But I'm never overworked, cause I'm still #1! *one echoes* MC Eiht, he's down with us Big Boy and Ralph M are down with us ReFugee Camp, is down with us Khartoum and Vigga V are down with us Call O' Da Wild is down with us Psycho Realm, is down with us Lifestyle Car Club is down with us Makin funky music is a must, I'm #1! *one echoes* The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Cypress Hill/Sonic Youth Album: Judgment Night Song: Mary Jane LOOK WHO'S BACK ON THE PROGRAM HOOKIN UP ANOTHER FLY JOINT WHEN I FLOW ON THE SLOW JAM. WHEN I SHIFT I KICK TO GO LIKE I FAT DRUNK AND I LIGHT UP A FAT SPLIFF. TAKE A WIFF CAN YOU SMELL THAT IN THE AIR WHEN THE SMOKE COME OUT THE BUILDING FROM EVERY WHERE. SHIT I STILL GET DOWN SO JUST SIT DOWN  WHEN MY THOUGHTS STOPS CRAWLING  TIME TO SIT DOWN WITH YET I GO WRONG YOU GOT TO HIT MY BONG  LATER ON THEN I4LL BE GETTING HIGH ALL ALONE  YOU GOT A FRIEND NAMED MARY JANE  AND SHE MAKE ME FEEL STANGE, NOW I'VE GOT TO CALL OUT HER NAME. CAN I CALL MARI JUANNA  IF YOU WANNA PARTY  WIILE SHIT I'M GONNA AS SOON AS SHE COMES OUT ROUND TO MY NEIGHBERHOOD  DAMM AND SHE ALWYAS SMELLS GOOD LET ME MAKE THIS UNDERSTOOD ARE YOU EXPIRIENCED HAVE YOU EVER BEEN EXPERIENCED NOT FOR THE LIFE..... MAKE YOU DELERIOUS WHY IS THE ROOM SPINNIN  I CAN'T STOP NOW  I'VE MUST HAVE BEEN DRINKING  CAUSE THIS AIN'T POT THAT'S DOING ME LIKE THIS I FEEL ILL NOW I'M CALLING OUT TO MARY CAUSE I JUST CAN'T DEAL . The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Cypress Hill/Pearl Jam Album: Judgment Night Song: Real Thing Verse One: It's time I came to get mine Runnin through the hoods with the hand on the nine Why do the pigs come Bring your ass on Cross the line so I can get the blast on Oh shit I'm empty but I've got a shake to the side So don't even tempt me Runnin the program Cypress Hill on the real with the Pearl Jam and I'm packing the steel Don't come my way cause it only takes one minute to reach for the AK then why what you gonna do now Nowhere to run when my dog's on the prowl Growling howling, give it up punk you might wanna throw the towel in I'm not doing the ill thing Cuz ain't nothing like the real thing Verse Two: GIve me a taste off open a place and a black nine by the wate line Never know when someone will test ya Let you know I got mine by my body chest ya I'm the big hum that became the attack Hurt a little friend with a bullet car jacker That I won't do anything for the looper When I've reached the Hill I strap when I swoop Click click bang bang Cuz it ain't no thang when I hang with Stone And I kick that funky slang You've got to do the funk when I've got to do the ill thing Cuz ain't nothing like the real thing The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Cypress Hill Album: Juice soundtrack Song: Shoot 'Em Up Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [B-Real] Who wants the wrath, it must be the hood who's up to no good, and wishes a man would come up and give him a reason to blast on.. I wouldn't put it past him! He's got juice, how long will it last him? He's gettin back, at, all the punks that harassed him Ask him (HEY!) what's ya main hobby? He'll say there ain't, nothin like the motherfuckin robbery So don't crowd me, cause yo I run shit You know, homey that old top gun shit I got a slug comin straight out the barrel for your ass, if you wanna ask a dumb question Cause I'm quick on the draw, click-click, punks drop Now your lifes ain't worth shit! Chorus: B-Real, Sen Dog (repeat 2X) Shoot 'em up, just shoot 'em up y'all, yeah Shoot 'em up, just shoot 'em up (SHOOT 'EM UP!) Shoot 'em up, just shoot 'em up y'all, yeah Shoot 'em up, just shoot 'em up (SHOOT 'EM UP!) [Sen Dog] Sen Dog, never again will I bend No letters of death, no threats, will I send So I'm puttin an end, to all your dumb shit (dumb shit) dumb shit.. that, "Homes WHERE YOU FROM?" shit Cause I run shit, my way, all day, I don't play cause it won't pay Niggaz wanna play with the pistol, you make me get pissed though (YOU GET A FISTFUL!) Make you eat knuckles, feel your knees buckle Still feelin great when you're sleepin on the pavement? Save it! The beatdown, who gave it? Sen did, no one will explain it Chorus [B-Real] I've had it up to HERE, with all the bullshit Finger's on the trigger, and I'm about to pull it Gank hardrock, up the block, you know I rule it To the punks around the corner someone's gonna catch a bullet To the crew, that wants, to get with my program I'm out to get mine, and ain't takin shit from no man in the neighborhood, cause there ain't no brotherhood In other words, good, if you heard, that we're comin up We're out to make a quick buck, that's what I'm thinkin And I'm smokin any PUNK who even thinks of finkin Chorus The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Cypress Hill f/ FunkDoobiest Album: Latin Lingo 12" Song: Stoned is the Way of the Walk (remix) [B-Real]: Who freaks the funk when the niggas wanna hit the bulnts, And feel the effects of the skunk, Ain't no clue to what's in my trunk, When ya wanna step up, and get done like the punk, Passin' lumps with my hand on the pump for protection, Follow my direction, Ya caught up, in the complex, listen, Now I roll a joint as I make the fat point, Yo we ain't criminals, just the gangsta origanals, But the pigs won't leave me alone, They triyin' to snatch up the green home grown, marricon, Can ya gettcha own rate like I'm throwin', Fortifiy this beaka and stone, Stoned is the way of the walk Stoned is the way of the walk Stoned is the way of the walk Stoned is the way of the walk Stoned is the way of the walk Stoned is the way of the walk Stoned is the way of the walk Stoned is the way of the walk [Son Doobie]:  Let I get a sip of the vino, You smart, ok though, I'll smack ya ass like my name was Al Pacino, Who knows?, we know,  Like Fenny Babarino, Holey Toledo, run shit like the gambinos, Cause I want the funk and you know I'm gonna get it, Just like Armaggetin', son ya gonna be sweatin', I got'cha runnin', hidin', it's the doobie pirate, Can ya hear the sirens, I'm gonna be arrivin', Don't touch the dial, Mr. denile, I go the extra mile to stepp on ya like tile, Cause we, funk the ultimate flow like coligan,  If were in the 60's we'de rock the Ed Sullivan, Now on Soul trian and like John Cultry, I got the doobie bass swinigin' like a gold chain, Stoned is the way of the walk Stoned is the way of the walk Stoned is the way of the walk Stoned is the way of the walk Stoned is the way of the walk Stoned is the way of the walk Stoned is the way of the walk Stoned is the way of the walk Stoned is the way of the walk Stoned is the way of the walk Stoned is the way of the walk The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Cypress Hill Album: Latin Thugs b/w Ganja Bus 12" Song: Latin Thugs (Clean Version) * Typed by: info@latinrapper.com, sokesleezy@aol.com, Wammy Giveaway * features alternate second verse from Sen Dog [Sen Dog] (Verse 1) Don't be like, uh, a Cubano Be (???), stoned marijuano It's that capitan, pingolete Swing is here with the force of a machete Kick mad lingo from Spain to Tijuana Real Cubanichi, home boy, ask your mama No me importa nada, mi nina All I wanna know is si te gusta esta rhima Don't be scared, echate pa' ca Watch the play, dawg, homeboy goin' on Vatos O.G., straight veterano Master the Spanglish style encojonao Y'all fools know aqui no se juega Don't act a fool y no rompa las reglas We bien crazy ass asesino Get your guns ready aqui viene peligro Chorus 1: Cypress Hill From (???) to Puerto Rico Represent for all my Latin thugs Buenos Aires to Santiago Represent for all my Latin thugs Mexico, Peru and Colombia Represent for all my Latin thugs Pre-Verse: B-Real They call me Papi Chulo, you know I'm puro, I never fade away You see me comin', get your ass runnin', I know you hate a huey Hit the leno harder than most niggas you idolize Get it started quicker and hit you before you try to hide (Verse 2) Check me out, hold it up, right there, ese Better recognize cuando te hable el jefe My crazy life, homey, vida loca Made me an enemy, with that there chota Chuntaros all up in my negocio Watch your back, porque you ain't my socio Like a machine, no tengo sentimientos So kick rocks, buscate otro pendejo Chorus 2: Cypress Hill Arizona, Cali to Texas Represent for all my Latin thugs Up in Jersey, Detroit, Miami Represent for all my Latin thugs New York, Chicago and Philly Represent for all my Latin thugs (Verse 3) Latin thug roll deep pandillero Puro Los Angeles, southside ghetto God, big dawg, black y pero loco Keep an eye on that fiend, porque yo me la cojo Profesional, vocalista Saco mi pluma y destroyo la vista Can't get enough of them L.A. skonka Get a little wild, dime, como la toda Listen up, compa, the big Cypress loma Still right here, y todavia te controla This ain't no Telemundo special  The homies that I roll with for real will come wet you Chorus 3: Cypress Hill From Panama to Venezuela Represent for all my Latin thugs Ecuador, Bolivia, Honduras Represent for all my Latin thugs Spain and Dominican Republic Represent for all my Latin thugs The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Cypress Hill f/ Tego Calderon Album: Latin Thugs b/w Ganja Bus 12" Song: Latin Thugs (Radio Edit) * Typed by: info@latinrapper.com, sokesleezy@aol.com, Wammy Giveaway * features alternate second verse from Sen Dog [Sen Dog] (Verse 1) Don't be like, uh, a Cubano Be (???), stoned marijuano It's that capitan, pingolete Swing is here with the force of a machete Kick mad lingo from Spain to Tijuana Real Cubanichi, home boy, ask your mama No me importa nada, mi nina All I wanna know is si te gusta esta rhima Don't be scared, echate pa' ca Watch the play, dawg, homeboy goin' on Vatos O.G., straight veterano Master the Spanglish style encojonao Y'all fools know aqui no se juega Don't act a fool y no rompa las reglas We bien crazy ass asesino Get your guns ready aqui viene peligro Chorus: Tego Calderon Cypress con Tego Llegaron los mero mero Cuba, Borinquen, Mexico entero Los Angeles Como arriba, andale Prende la mota Lo que quiero repure Cypress con tego Llegaron los mero mero Cuba, Borinquen, Mexico entero Los Angeles Pre-Verse: B-Real They call me Papi Chulo, you know I'm puro, I never fade away You see me comin', get your ass runnin', I know you hate away Hit the leno harder than most niggas you idolize Get it started quicker and hit you before you try to hide (Verse 2) Check me out, hold it up, right there, ese Better recognize cuando te hable el jefe My crazy life, homey, vida loca Made me an enemy, with that there chota Chuntaros all up in my negocio Watch your back, porque you ain't my socio Like a machine, no tengo sentimientos So kick rocks, buscate otro pendejo Repeat Chorus [Verse 3: Tego Calderon] Hey Who the [{*fuck*}] is that Otro negro loco, daddy In a collabo Uno de lo vatos malos Mucha, mucha, bala pa' los ratones desmayan Que moriran seguro sin falla I ain't never scared, you heard Otro bobo Esta jodieta yo la controlo Vete manso Vete y si quedate vivo Como quiera que te ponga lo que hay es castigo Sonido Latino, pistola, cuchillo Pa' defendenlo de los enemigos Esto son maligno, no tiene etiqueta Ni signo Pero te dicen lo mismo Simon Tegon, el de pajon Ese si que un cabron Un majon Blastin' all these mother[{*fuckers*}] Envidiosos, sapos y chotas Tirale pa' la cabeza Si se va y no regresa Es pa' que su pandilla sepa Otro mas De circulacion se va papa El no lloro, ni la mama Repeat Chorus The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Cypress Hill Album: Live at the Fillmore (European Limited Edition) Song: Can't Stop Won't Stop Typed by: cheg71@hotmail.com * * send corrections to the typist [B-Real] Watch me attack the brain with dope lyrics The broadcast worldwide don't can't you hear it Everywhere you look around nothin' but soldiers Sickside do or die big money holders I know you, you got a chip on your shoulder Walk around talkin' like your runnin' shit's over Never hesitated to the fray take suckers out Roll 'em up smoke 'em and take those fuckers out I don't follow I got the hollow point shell With these swell headed busters yo I ring bells You don't know me I bring the streets where you livin' at Killers hustlers and thieves remember that Makes no difference to me my strategy Seek the enemy crush 'em into a memory Say a prayer Then spit on his grave, crack slayer Layer the flows the players and hoes Awaken the pros forsakin' the foes Rakin' the dough breakin' the shows For stickin' my nose tu te onas Don't wanna follow but you wait on us Break a leg for my weight when you fake on us 'Cause the two faced bitches can't gain my trust [Chorus : B-Real & Sen Dog] You can't stop and you don't stop You can't stop and you don't stop And you can't stop and you don't stop You can't stop and you don't stop You can't stop and you don't stop You can't stop and you don't stop You can't stop and you don't stop You can't stop and you don't stop [Sen Dog] Nothin' you can do when a crew cut you open Go and take a hit third eye but I be scopin' I fuck around and say some shit leave ya frozen Niggaz are scared of shit like they broken See I go buck wild when I bust a style You can't fade this man from the tropical isle So damn versatile I'm mad I never smile So take this here and stick it in your file Never been a man or woman to get over Her she'll be catchin' a bus with that stroller Him he'll be tastin' my fist when I roll the Two face sucker down the roll I'm supposed to Soak what they say that's the wrong way to play But intallas goin' down know what I sayin' [Chorus : B-Real & Sen Dog] You can't stop and you don't stop You can't stop and you don't stop You can't stop and you don't stop You can't stop and you don't stop You can't stop and you don't stop You can't stop and you don't stop You can't stop and you don't stop You can't stop and you don't stop Huh! [DJ Muggs scratchin'] [B-Real] You can't stop the bum rush crushin' those bitches I've dropped the death touch put you outta business Everybody wanna do the shit that we do We're the live feature you're the preview See you on the battle ground better bring two Time for subtraction punk this means you Give me your bag of weed so I can chill out If you're blind then you gotta feel what Real's about Explore whither in to the unknown Roll deeper in the battle zone find your way home We hold heat high streets play the monopoly Watch these soldiers here break you off properly Heave it your ass off the mic my property Watch these soldiers here break you off properly [Chorus : B-Real & Sen Dog] You can't stop and you don't stop You can't stop and you don't stop You can't stop and you don't stop You can't stop and you don't stop You can't stop and you don't stop You can't stop and you don't stop You can't stop and you don't stop You can't stop and you don't stop You can't stop and you don't stop You can't stop and you don't stop You can't stop and you don't stop You can't stop and you don't stop Huh! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DJ Muggs f/ Dr. Dre, B-Real Album: Soul Assassins Song: Puppet Master Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Dr. Dre] I spark like a blunt's tip, somethin cavi Makin Greene like Mitch, gives rap vocals dispatch With every attempt, to have this game shook up When Dre cook up, every thug look up Chronic got me on tilt, eyes bloodshot, heavy built Lay a nigga out like quilt, clear to gill I rock for rollers, from lowriders to Henny toasters Cut off dead weight to keep my formulas kosher Accept no imitations Dre losin his stack Is slim as chances, of Michael Jackson gettin his black fans back My reputation's like a Tec-9 Knock out the best in a circle, three minutes wreck time See the hand is faster than the eye can chase it Dre, B-Real, Soul Assassins got potential buttons activated No illusion I have you caught up in the rapture Executive decisions from the motherfucking puppet masters [B-Real] You are the puppet, I pull your string, I'm makin moves I'm the master, causing you to do what you do (repeat 4X) [Dre] Puppet masters (repeat 2X) [B-Real] We're pullin strings, killin kings countin all pinky rings, seizin control of the whole game I took a pull from the blunt, inhaled it blew the smoke from my lungs into the world of hip-hop Civilians turn into soldiers by the millions Assassins, we multiply, by the masses Masters of the game (checkmate nigga!) every move you make Through manipulation is the move I choose for you to take You see, what I want you to see And you turn into whatever I want you to be Whatever it be, enemy or ally The Aftermath results in Soul Assassins, worldwide From coast to coast, I got soldiers on post Injectin you, with the high funk overdose Dre and the Hill, stayin Real All you non-believin ass niggaz, get your cap peeled Executive order make your time shorter get your recorder, play it back, puff your chronic sack Your mind body and soul have been captured And taken captive, by the motherfuckin puppet masters [B-Real] You are the puppet, I pull your string, I'm makin moves I'm the master, causing you to do what you do (repeat 4X) [Dre] Puppet masters (repeat 2X) The Soul Assassin button has now been activated Dr. Dre and B-Real are providin the verbal abuse Any unauthorized duplication without the consent of my nigga Muggs may be fatal... That's right, this is comin to you directly from the Hill y'all All rights reserved The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Muggs f/ Cypress Hill Album: Muggs Presents * The Soul Assassins II Song: Don't Trip Typed by: locoblanco@techemail.com Don't you trip this is the Soul Assassins We come and blast them We Eastside riders, this is how we doin' [B-Real] I spent hot days under the sun with all my loved ones Soul Assassins family click you know the dark one Eastside hellraisers, promoters pay us To tear the roof of this shit, the mic blazers Smoke alarms goin off, flowin off The track, got em showin off, blowin off All wack niggas choke in coal, eat a dick up Pick up ya teeth out the street flossin holes God knows weedniggas ya figured ya find ways To escape the path of the serial rhyme-killa Top billa, bankaccount filla Spittin out more hot shit then Godzilla The firebreatha, turn up your receiva I attack the brain through the sound in ya speaka No you can't fuck with this... No you can't fuck with this... Chorus [B-Real] You can't hold back the fury, I bury you in a hurry Rhymestyle non-stop commin in a flurry Don't worry, Imma settle this, get the fist I sever your vocalcord with a flick of my wrist You insist to be here, I make this clear It's a game of cut-throat from ear to ear Can you hang in the world when, where ya girlfriend  Hanging with my crew and steady serving Come get your feeling hurt and come act hard I got a ditch in my backyard for all you scared niggas I make figures for all the soldiers to follow Peace to my fam, bands who won't see the ... I see you in the next one, I test one When you flex son, respect one, the best one Cypress Hill, Soul Assassins, blastin you on In the race called life yo we passin you on  Chorus  Don't you trip this is the Soul Assassins We come and blast them We Eastside riders, this is how we doin' Don't you trip this is the Soul Assassins Who wanna be stupid come be the first to die The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Cypress Hill Album: Oz Soundtrack Song: Can I Live Typed by: bootleg210@msn.com [Intro:] Can I make money motherfucker? (Yeah) Is that alright wit'chu? (No doubt) Can I travel? (Word, Skull & Bones) Can I have a nice motherfuckin car? (Hell yeah) Thank you (KnowhatI'msayin) [Hook] Can I live? (Yeah) Can I live - can I live? Can I live - can I live? (Yeah) Can I live - can I live? Can I liiivve? [B Real] Can I live, who willin to give me applause? Half note, gotta get mine and open the doors I want a FAT crib, on the hill, after my cause I need a fine woman, cuz I ain't fuckin wit yours Can I live? I wanna take care of my fam All the haters can't bait us, they don't know who I am You gonna learn soon baby, when my heat'll expand When I slay suckers everytime, I foil the plan Can I live? Why not? I'm makin it hot Like the rubber gets when I start rockin the spot DAMN! She gotta have it in the parkin lot Better come get her cuz she's still in my knot Can I live? Get your hand out of my pockets I'm buck-nutty, tear your arms out of the sockets People wanna talk no matter how much I rock it Pull my dick out, run about for niggas who jock it Can I live? -- Can I live? Artist: B-Real, Coolio, Busta Rhymes, LL Cool J, Method Man Album: Space Jam Soundtrack Song: Hit 'em High (The Monstar's Anthem) (Intro) Greetings, earthlings We have now taken over your radioooo..... (B-Real) Goin' straight through the hole You ain't got no game I'm breakin' ya out the frame Coming through like a train Looking to take over the world is my goal With my unstoppable crew takin' all control You can't get none of this, we're runnin' this Well taker, earth shaker, 3 point gunnin' this Get out the lane, i'm comin' through And if you don't wanna move then i'm comin' right through you (Coolio) It's like inch by inch and step by step I'm closing in on your position and destruction is my mission Though eight is not enough, your whole squad better duck It's like switch when I bust Now you're whole crew is dust Comin' through my area, i'ma have to bury ya The real scream team on your scream scene It's like showdown on the range Go tell me who wanna tangle with the  ghetto witch-doctor neighborhood superhero? Chorus: (B-Real) We want it all (want it all!) Unstoppable, we run the floor (run the floor!) You can't take none of this hardcore (hardcore!) In the game we take you to war (war!) You ain't seen nothin' like this before (all) If I hit 'em high, hit 'em high, hit 'em high And you hit 'em low, hit 'em low, hit 'em low If I hit 'em high, hit 'em high, hit 'em high And you hit 'em low, hit 'em low, hit 'em low (Method Man) Insane like a runaway train i'm in your lane Like it's only 3 seconds to score to win the game Came to bring the ultimate pain upon the brain Untamed, you won't like it when I change And you are type strange Make room, manaical monster in the game And I got my eye on you Deadshot aim, as free throws keep comin' down like rain You feelin' me, I'm feelin' you The Monstar again, i'm tellin' you Pass me the rock, now i'm headed to the basket Get up out my way is what you better do My tactics is unsportsmanlike conduct You better ask it Don't get no better than this, you catch my drift? You get stripped by ballhandlers ruled by Swackhammer Danger, you're dealin' with offical hoop-bangers With hang time like a coat hanger Jump, with thunderous 360-degree type dunks What up doc? The Monstar funk (LL Cool J) Lightning strikes and the court lights get dim Supreme competition is about to begin Above the rim, finessin' and moves is animated Once I get to ballin', I can't be deflated I'm rugged raw, my Monstars is gettin' money When clicks get to buggin', I'm snatchin' up their bunnies (Uhh!) Every step I take shakes the ground I'll make you break your ankles, son, shakes you down This is my planet, I'm bout business The best that ever done it, can I get a witness? (Uhhh!) Cumulus clouds bring darkness up above You in it for the money?  Or in it for the love, M.J.? 23 ways to make a pay Loungin' in the mothership back around my way (Uhh!) I'm 28 light years old If the refs get political, dribble like Bob Dole Am I gettin' lyrical?  Daddy, I think so Monstar droppin' flavor fluid so drink slow Chorus (Busta Rhymes) Yo, god bless!! Pick up your chest Here's an example of how I can stress your full court press With finesse, I bench-press your stress whenever you test We're speed ballin', on the fastbreak just like the pony express I'm gonna mingle in your face and take the lid off Just use your head and forfeit the game You and your team just need to back off!! Get off my block, gimmie the ball, I said it's my rock!!  I'm startin' a line-up by gettin' y'all to bring the livestock Throw all your money in the pot  And make sure you bet all your money on my bank shot When we come right through tell me what you really gonna do? We'll leave your team name in shame and take your talent from you While you abandon your ship, we take your championship With nothing left for you to see except the instant replay clip Money spending, goal tending, stay-bending teams like crash cars Who do they be? They be the Monstars!!!!!! Chorus Artist:	B-Real, Ice Cube, KRS-One, Peter Gunz, Shaq Album:	Steel soundtrack Song:	Men Of Steel Ice Cube I'm sick wit' it but it'll still take ten of y'all to take the Emperor's temperature Can I represent wit' ya? Smokin' hemp wit' ya Pass the blunt from East to West Cube to KRS (yes) Take it from the Don where I'm from the Man of Steel is made of Teflon Keep yo' vest on hit me with yo' best one baby & watch me mack you comin' through with hard *** & Shaq-Fu Never up in Spago's when we knock hoes head her off with some Reeboks and cagos Westside rollin' even if the car's stolen even if my eyes shut & jaw swollen that's how it's goin' down You always smile when I frown 'cause you want the crown you fuckin' clown I keep it real no more beef with Cypress Hill now we super friends makin' super ends WESTSIIDE Shaq  It's a fact many know that Shaq made of mils but did you know that Shaq made of Steel Feel me! No matter what I do the billy it's gone flourish Big **** just like a bus full of Japanese tourists or it's styles that flow like Hudson River debris ship quarter keys of them Shaq CD's Roo roo Next MC that claim to keep it real Shaquille gone slap 'em with a mil criss cut clean numerical order bills ill, now put it on the wrist the best thing since grits & fake tits Man Of Steel who you with? I'm so fly when I walk I levitate my caliber's first rate exceptional above great Diesel's large, guilty on every charge of bein' dope imagine Superman with a dookey rope Chorus 1 2 3 4 Hit it It's the Men Of Steel bangin' with the drum Hit it 4 3 2 1  Shaq B Real KRS Peter Gunz (Ice Cube) 1 2 3 4 Hit it It's the Men Of Steel bangin' with the drum Hit it 4 3 2 1 Shaq B Real B Real Hip hop has plenty of Steel with Shaquille & Chris & Real nobody move stay still while the Masters build the Track react the foundation hip-hop *** generation hear my voice playin' at the station Immortal thought for the recorder consider the picture deliver the scripture still hit ya If the shoe fits ya wear it you'll inherit the culture let me break down the whole structure East Coast West Coast universal flava pullin' together with my neighbor no playa haters just real no outrageous fantasies jump out the pages from the book of MC's & nothin' can penetrate the Steel mind state like Shaq when he go back & dominate Peter Gunz Aiiyo I stop many hearts part many wigs *** & get it twisted & play me for any pig Conceived in the Bronx born & raised but on the real I be made of Steel like O' Neal feel me if ya got the skill squeeze pale **** cause disaster have you makin' Tracks like Master faster ghost like Casper Man Of Steel hangin' & bangin' in yo' district never get it twisted I'm lifted, gifted like Steel hard to penetrate generate dollar signs you follow mine Come in peace money I will bless that bring the noise leave you on the Fourth where I rest at For real Chorus 1 2 3 4 Hit it It's the Men Of Steel bangin' with the drum Hit it 4 3 2 1  Hip-Hop's the same no matter where you came from (Cube) WESTSIIDE (B Real) Men Of Steel (Cube) EASTSIIDE (KRS) Men Of Steel throw ya hands up (Cube) WESTSIIDE (B Real) Men Of Steel (Cube) EASTSIIDE (KRS) Men Of Steel throw ya hands up KRS-One WHOOP WHOOP That's the sound of EMS after some boy try test the KRS Pick a single any single what I bring you makes you tingle it's the lingo from the star like Ringo & I mingle in the clubs DJ's MC's get rug cut like shrubs over the dub sound buzz No one's really knowin' how I'm comin' & goin' showin' & flowin' cold throwin' these rappers chasin' the dough & out the frame my name remains the same I came to maintain Hip-Hop's the same no matter where you came from It's all the same son get it correct all that metal to pleather whatever Give me respect! Then I'll collect a check & you can expect something you'll never forget comin' from my intellect Oh what the heck lyrical flex cash checks I step through the brush like a Tyrannosaurus Rex KRS-One is the nicest Shaquille O'Neal definitely from Men Of Steel You know how we feel comin' through like that on the track KRS-One & we back (oooh oooooh) Chorus 1 2 3 4 Hit it It's the Men Of Steel bangin' with the drum Hit it 4 3 2 1  Shaq B Real KRS Peter Gunz (Ice Cube) Gunz (Cube) Throw ya hands up what up now (It don't stop) South Bronx represent that, Brooklyn represent that (It don''t stop) (It don't stop) (Huh, What about South Central? Ha ha haa ) Artist: B-Real, Dirty Ray, Kam, Ras Kass, Spice 1, Tash Album: Still More Bounce - Roger Troutman Tribute Song: Still More Bounce Typed by: LoDizzo187@hotmail.com * * send corrections to the typist [Voice Vocoder] Rest in peace, Roger Bounce, more bounce, more bounce (We live this shit} Bounce, more bounce, more bounce (W-we live this shit) Bounce, more bounce, more bounce (W-we live this shit) Bounce, more bounce, more bounce (W-w-w-we live this shit) Bounce, more bounce [Ras Kass] Yeah yeah, more bounce to the ounce, so keep fuck a ounce, nigga It's Still More Bounce to the ounce, keep fuck a ounce, heh Still More Bounce, we wanna keep fuck a ounce tho Yeah, Battlecat, nigga Dirty Ray listen I'm like Terminator 2 askin where Sarah Connor is Two side bustas kick rocks like narcotics anonymous Ever since the top (ever since the top) I remember dudes in Karate shoes Pop Lockin to Roger Now it's 2000, a new world order The birth of G-Funk, Roger created the vocoder So haters slide to the side, let the riders ride *Singin* - Ooh ooh ooh, now I own mine (muthafucka) [B-Real] It's the track slayer, on your CD player The Budda King, blunt smokin the weed wayer Ridin from the EastSide of LA, who what? You holdin my nuts, like a hice cup runnin up Keep yo mouth shut cos you talk too much You cant fold, what the hell, you need the glocks too much (bitch!) Rather the way bitches betta get heavy When I hit the corner all you see is the light from the Chevy [Dirty Ray] Chevy, yo, zzp-zzp! Now can I bang bang? (bang bang) picture Roger & Zapp A dominatrac cat, on Purple Haze and Conynac Dirty Ray, fo fo fo microphones Wolfpac shakin ya Time Zone and fadin ya home (Gimme a dome) - Twenty inches hit the scene Smoke screen, open the do, big gold chain gleam We get low down and dirty fo that Triban Family 2002, Roger R-I-P, come on [Spice 1 - Hook] We pop these collars, what we bout Lets have all y'all falla, what we bout Smoke up ya whole ounce, then we bounce Roger Zapp Battlecat, this is Still More Bounce Jus bounce to this, jus bounce (Ah hah) Jus bounce to this, jus bounce (Yeah yeah) Jus bounce to this, jus bounce (Come on) Jus bounce to this, jus bounce (Uh) [Kam] Uh check, uh uh uh Watch out sucker, matter of fact duck (fuck fuck fuck) Out the window of my Cadillac Truck, and whats up? We rollin paper plates, homies movin crates of tapes While y'all wearin captains savin no crapes on daytons I am one of the greats, know you might be hurt Baby aint nobody retire'n in my White T-Shirt As long as fools still feel, and trust I'm real Ima keep bustin big rhymes dimes nuts and steel (I aint that type of brother that Cs can walk wit) Man I aint politically correct, Ima talk shit About these mucic industry characters, cos there aint no debate'n These record company people be hatin, females be degratin their selves Thinkin the desk gon last Thats why I'm quick to put these chickens on blast Tryna tell me "I'm so and so, I'm this, I'm that" But they all jus wick-weak-wacks *Vocoder Solo* [Tash] Say what? uh say what? uh yo uh If this was '87 when bangin was at its peak This song woulda had em closin clubs every week Cos we speak the really real, speak how we really feel Come work for me have ya niggas stealin wheels Daytons, BGs, what ever rims housin I need sum 19s fo my Benz 2000 Work wit me homeboy, it's all luv I told you 19s, you came back wit dubs When push come to shove, Tash knocks em out the box You might hear me at a club or on a boom-box in Watts Jus swangin, raps over beats that hump Thats why a nigga like CaTash get it crunk from jump I Slam-Dunk the funk like a Alley-Loop to Shaq Y'all fools so wack ya prolly cant rap to Zapp So slap yo'self, this is Wolfpac Records Rest In Peace Roger, your music was respected [Spice 1 - Hook X2] We pop these collars, what we bout Lets have all y'all falla, what we bout Smoke up ya whole ounce, then we bounce Roger Zapp Battlecat, this is Still More Bounce Jus bounce to this, jus bounce (Ah hah) Jus bounce to this, jus bounce (Yeah yeah) Jus bounce to this, jus bounce (Come on) Jus bounce to this, jus bounce (Uh) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Everlast & B-Real Album: Stimulated Vol. 1 Song: Laugh Now Typed by: wellington75@hotmail.com * * send corrections to the typist [Everlast] SD-50... Soul Assassin collabo... Laugh now motherfucker... HAHAHAHA... [Chorus 1: B-Real] The only life I know Is to guide my soul I take one day, step at a time To find mine (what) As we go Through the blinding road Inclining To find me some mo' [Repeat chorus 1] [Chorus 2: Everlast] For all the runners and the money makers (make that money) For all the real ones and all the fakers (fake bitches) For all the stick up kids and life takers (what) Laugh now, and cry later (cry later) [B-Real] I laugh at you And you expect to see a weakness You triflin' bitches in speeches You're fucking leaches Sponges, soakin' up my energy Pretend to a friend of me But you stab me in the back Cold and vengefully When all I did was pick you up And put you on  With the big dons To lift you up But you fuckin' spit in my face And spit venomous words Used weapons you heard Would damage my whole world But you must have mistaken me For someone else Because I do to your ass What you do to yourself Look into the mirror nigga What's your reflection? Are you upset? Full of regret? What's your intention? You're a lost one And now you can't win one Where you been You taking it all in son I see the tears in the eyes of a hater (hater) You can cry now but you will not smile later [Chorus 1] - repeat 2X [Chorus 2] [Chorus 3: Everlast] For all the lovers and all the haters (keep hatin') For all the fake ass perpetrators (fake bitches) For all the pimps that rock they gators (rock that shit) Laugh now, cry later (cry later) [Everlast] They sellin' teen dreams On the TV screens They got a fund for the gun And a ghost in the machine They police the crack fiend But protect the dealer Underpay the teacher Overpay the healer Rob you with the lawyer Fuck you with the handgun Throw you in the lineup Then arrest the wrong one Trial you by jury Throw you in prison There ain't nothin' to it It's just the way they do it Unless you got some money Cause money makes amends And sometimes peoples get murdered for friends Sometimes, one times, lose the evidence It all depends on how much you spend It's the land of the free And the home of the gun Where they kill for the dollar And they worship the son Dear god I really hope I ain't the only one Laugh now, cry later, when it's said and done [Chorus 1] - repeat 2X [Chorus 2] [Chorus 3] [Dante Ross] Ya, this is one for all those come and go ungrateful punk motherfuckers... Ya, this is one to grow on... Soul Assassins style... Deadly assassins... all up in your nugget... Ha... You can't fuck with it... You just love it... Ha... Fake bitches... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Cypress Hill f/ Barron Ricks Album: Tequila Sunrise (Single) Song: Can You Handle This Typed by: dalyricalmaster@tupac.com (Intro: Barron Ricks) That's right nigga, dynamic duo style, what? Green horn in a cadle style motherfucker (Barron Ricks) Oh shit, my styles' progress like hot sex upon a firm matress But limit the techniques to get freak Now look at me, Cavarsay, Cognac, VS'll be puffin' the don-deago Macanoodle, out armadayo (B-Real) Yayo, up, ready to sell and bail, we niggas afrail (Post-dated, put 'em in the mail nigga) I'm the hill figure, deliver your body to the river (uh) How you feelin' (how you), how you livin' (how you), how you breathin' (Barron Ricks) Fuck it, whatever's clever, fort and sex and def or real I got your back Which ever Squadron you attack yo I attack I got my automated Mossberg, hand on the pump ready to dump, so yo we gettin' dum-de-de-dum-dum-dum (B-Real) Dum-de-de-dum, when they hearin' the gats hum like a siren Niggas they be, barkin' and whilin' Thuggin' in stylin', holdin' the dope smilin' Yo, smooth, what you pilin' up, go make a move (Barron Ricks) Yo, path for Central Harlem where niggas be sparkin' son I beg your pardon Ese rollin', if you got it, pass it to the margin If you want it greedy, come and get it Aiyyo, we got it, Cypress, Cannibus Seeteeva, fuckin' freak of shit (B-Real) Motherfuckers refuse to loose my whole crew, don't get it confused Don't light a fuse or get bruised Like a gat I'll have to bust your ass or feel the blast of the shot glass full of jack and smokin' hash (Chorus: B-Real) (So can you handle this) They can't fuckin' handle this (So can you handle this) It be that Cypress Hill shit (So can you handle this) They can't fuckin' handle this (So can you handle this) Handle this, y'all can't fuck with this (B-Real) Back up in the mills of the Cypress Hill You catchin' a thrill, coppin' a feel, the whole steel Everybody put their blunts up in the sky Cause everybody's sparkin' the dutches and gettin' high (Barron Ricks) At 1-5-5, the city bread it, exit, got that method Yo, what y'all infected, we crashin' fords ain't no substitutions Me and B-Real want all our restitution's that means our back pays so niggas pay up Now, what the FUCK!! (B-Real) I'm an addict, addicted to static and bad habits Bringin' the magic, opposite the Nina Milli Automatic War is war, a battles' a battle, the gat'll be your friend It'll be your end, it'll be your shadow (Barron Ricks) Now y'all shadowboxinists, irrational, rap new recruitin' dirty denim, timb boots, hummin', gunnin' for his competition Listen yo, we all be on that trivial don't change shit lame shit, Cypress is all about the Mary Jane shit (B-Real) No competition can handle the whole mission Bitches are wishin' me on but they won't last long Family ties are fly, do you do or die You try to escape, all the visions up in your mind (Chorus: B-Real) (So can you handle this) They can't fuckin' handle this (So can you handle this) It be that Cypress Hill shit (So can you handle this) They can't fuckin' handle this (So can you handle this) Handle this, y'all can't fuck with this The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Cypress Hill Album: Tequila Sunrise 12" Song: Tequila Sunrise (Radio Edit) Typed by: jarsman@hotmail.com, tony_1666@hotmail.com Sen Dog: Pa la salud! B-Real: Pa la salud!... primero yo Sen Dog: Primero usted... B-Real: *grrrrrah!*  B-Real and Sen Dog: *mexican yells* B-Real: Hora hora, quien está... Sen Dog: Cómetelo! (Verse 1: Sen Dog) Down for my barrio, enter my villa! Tha hill called thrill, drinkin' over your area! Makin' my queso down en México Where the sun burns hot and then goes and downslow Got my clan tell so everythin' is well Got a villa in a mile, with the big spanish spell And let it be know, that I'm down for tha tranza! The brown rapin'hood, lookin' out for tha raza See me in my ranfla on street bala poof A can with stanboor, con crane no the loop Try to pull us up but I got my soldados Tha soul asesinos vienen preparados Tha rappers desperados, with the fool on the claro You know when we say 'get the money en tha mano! Get the cash me in the desk call up my hermano We all can jump down in the red-gusano...! Chorus:  Tequila sunrise, bloodshot eyes Realize we're all born to die So get the money *edited*!  (Verse 2: B-Real)  I never knew money like this, in the palm of my hand  'Til I met the man with mad hook-up, and big plan  Every where you look'a, he got everybody shook up  Running for cover, the big bad WOOF, for tha cock out He was like a father figure, show me the bigger picture  That was slangin' on the corner, don't let the pigs get you  Not like these fools who don't comprehend  You end up doing a twenty-five bid in the pen  You got that? Getting your cup, I took a swig The bitter taste of the 'mezcal', free worm shhh... Droppin' a lesson, he slapped my face, he said listen  Pay attention brotha, you're my ace, but don't ever question  Just do what I say, and you'll be rich  And keep this in your mind: rats lay in a ditch with no spine  Don't ever forget that golden rule in the game  Cheers, they all know your name, it's like fame  Why women and money don't mix? like drinking and driving  Watch those conniving women and keep your eye out  Always be aware of what's around you  They wanna down you, and see daekin' clown you  Keep your shhh in order the money won't stop  Pretty soon you'll be on top (Chorus)  (Verse 3: B-Real)  Tequila Sunrise, with the bloodshot eyes  My, my, my, how time flies and goes by surprise  My mentor passed on and passed a warn to me, emergency  For my enemies who wanna murder me  Eat the worm, bethler brother, while you burn, you'll be stoped Better kill me, don't let me return, *edited* Trust no man, cause I'll be back, you understand?  With a plan, and my ace in hand, I want it all  I recall the words from Jesus, you are the Juice  Better go get it, don't let it get to your head, embed it  Let these words stick, you better be ready to die  Now take a big sip, caution it, but I never lie... (Chorus)  B-Smooth: Tequila... Sen Dog: Eat tha worm ese... eat tha *edited* Allways quieren ese... es como Coahuila homie... (music outro) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Cypress Hill f/ Fat Joe Album: Tequila Sunrise 12" Song: Tequila Sunrise (Remix Radio Edit) Typed by: lordjazz@texas.net Intro (scratching samples) Verse One: B-Real Sipping on tequila, with Sheila, no doubt I'm bringing her on Keeping her warm, leaving her heated like Tiger Balm In the hot sun city of Mexico, it's a pity My committee of *edited* with me to get gritty Rhyme *edited* on the track, snappin' your head back Get the medic, cause a victim from *edited* Joey Crack Stomping the wax *edited* spittin' on wax Giving the facts, beginners lack the methods of kicking wicked records A second of time switch, as styles piles up *edited* of various flows to rile up So what you wanna do? Tequila sunrise *edited* Coming to town with my bigger boogie down figga It's the lies, *edited* do you think you can survive it? When you decide it, leave it to me and Joe can provide it Cracking open the golden, holdin' the bomb load While records are selling singles, my albums are getting sold Kicking the universal, never commercial techniques Banging the clubs, banging the jeeps Banging the streets Chorus Tequila Sunrise, bloodshot eyes Realize we're all born to die So get the money, money... (repeat 4x) Verse Two: Fat Joe Now I'm back for the new year, yeah I volunteer Sources pioneer, millionaire status here I never had no fear sellin' records I resurrected on my third, that's my word, it's a high selection And everybody know standing near me,  I'm dangerous like Shannon Greary Making the whole planet hear me You feel me? I'm on my road to the riches Where hoes and *edited* fulfilling my goals and my wishes My flows is vicious, but showin' *edited* since the early 90's Where Onyx at? *edited* rockin' both easy *edited* 'round a grammy Don't mind me, I just call 'em how I see 'em Most these rappers is actors living off per diem Me? I'm on my own *edited*, nothing but gold hits Claimin' the with throne with my 'thuggish, ruggish Bone' click On the phone-flip, talking to B He scooped me up in the six, we 'bout to hit overseas, what! Chorus Outro (each overlapping the other) B-Real: That's right, we hitting you with the L.A./Bronx connection Soul Assassins, Terror Squad family All up in your dome... ha! That's right, Soul Assassins style, Cypress Hill IV Knocking on your door for the ninety-eight That's right, eat the worm... Fat Joe: Yeah... Terror Squad, Soul Assassins B-Real, Joey Crack... wha-wha-wha-what! Ugh! Puttin' it down, nigga East coast, West coast And it's all the same, hahahaha... yeah, yeah The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Cypress Hill f/ Fat Joe Album: Tequila Sunrise 12" Song: Tequila Sunrise (Uncensored Remix) Typed by: g-gomez@edmail.com Verse One: B-Real Sipping on tequila, with Sheila, no doubt I'm bringing her on Keeping her warm, leaving her heated like Tiger Balm In the hot sun city of Mexico, it's a pity My committee of witty niggas ain't with me to get gritty Rhymey as fuck on the track, snappin your head back Get the medic, cause a victim from my nigga Joey Crack Stomping the wax, niggas spittin on wax Giving the facts, beginners lack the methods of kicking wicked records A second of time switch, as styles piles up Mountains of various flows to rile up Now what you wanna do, nigga? Tequila sunrise, nigga! I'm coming to town with my bigger boogie down figga It's the live shit, do you think you can survive it? When you decide it, leave it to me and Joe can provide it Cracking open the golden, holdin the bomb load While records are selling singles, my albums are getting sold Kicking the universal, never commercial techniques Bang in the clubs, bang in the jeeps, bang in the streets Chorus: Tequila Sunrise, bloodshot eyes Realize we're all born to die So get the money, nigga! (repeat 4x) Verse Two: Fat Joe Now I'm back for the new year, yeah, I volunteer Sources pioneer, millionaire status here I never had no fear sellin records I resurrected on my third, that's my word, it's a high selection And everybody know standing near me,  I'm dangerous like Shannon Greary Making the whole planet hear me You feel me? I'm on my road to the riches With hoes and bitches fulfilling my goals and my wishes My flows is vicious, but showin' niggas since the early 90's Where Onyx at? Niggas rockin' both easy 'round a grammy Don't mind me, I just call 'em how I see 'em Most these rappers is actors living off per diem Me? I'm on my own shit, nothing but gold hits Claimin the throne with my thuggish ruggish Bone clique On the phone-flip, talking to B He scooped me up in the six, we 'bout to hit overseas, what! Chorus Outro (each overlapping the other) B-Real: That's right, we hitting you with the L.A./Bronx connection Soul Assassins, Terror Squad family All up in your dome... ha! That's right, Soul Assassins style, Cypress Hill IV Knocking on your door for the ninety-eight That's right, eat the worm, motherfucker Fat Joe: Yeah... Terror Squad, Soul Assassins B-Real, Joey Crack... wha-wha-wha-what! Ugh! Puttin' it down, nigga! East coast, West coast And it's all the same, hahahaha... yeah, yeah The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Cypress Hill f/ Kokane Album: Training Day Soundtrack Song: Greed Typed by: compbuttons@hotmail.com [*Kokane laughing*] [Kokane] People are so, so greedy Tired of fake homies, homies, homies (Why they hatin' on me) I don't know what... (Y'all expect from me) In fact I'm tired of... (So-called fake homies) You reall ain't said nothin' Only come around... Act like I owe ya something [Hook: Kokane] (GREED) What make lifetime groups break up (GREED) Oh, what make yo woman take yo cash and don't give a fuck (GREED) Destroys successful record companies (GREED) And put chu' in yo grave and you rest in hell [Sen Dogg] It's a motherfucker man, they all greedy You get cho' head put out for shit that you don't need Some fools baller status just ain't enough There's always some other nigga out there that got it mo' plush You don't gotta be a rich man to be content Some niggas got it all but don't know where the good times went The quality of life can only be enhanced When ya trust other motherfuckers and uh give em' a chance Don't mistake my kindness as a weakness Cause I work out my mental as well as my physical fitness I've seen a lot of fools get caught up in this greed business All it gets you is on everybody's shit list Greed is like a disease, something sort of psychologic Once ya take the gun ho ain't no way to ever stop it [Hook: Kokane] (GREED) What make lifetime groups break up (GREED) Oh, what make yo homie take yo cash and don't give a fuck (GREED) Destroys successful record companies (GREED) And put chu' in yo grave and you rest in hell [B-Real] How many faces of greed have you seen That would make a good man fall and a woman plot and scheme Even a homie on ya team is suspect When it comes to money and power an all you expect They try to put their hands in ya pockets with out chu' lookin' But when I find you out ya whole world's shookin' And they're relentless, the quest for the ends is endless You lose yo senses and you get beatin' senseless But there's others you can't do nothin' about Cause they're on a higher level and they hold too much clout But in time, in the end they'll pay When they're standin' before the man on Judgement Day Standin' there but what excuse can you give You reduced to shit because you refuse to give [Hook] (GREED) What make lifetime groups break up (GREED) Oh, what make yo homie take yo cash and don't give a fuck (GREED) Destroys successful record companies (GREED) And put chu' in yo grave and you rest in hell [Kokane] (Why they hatin' on me) I don't know what... (Y'all expect from me) In fact I'm tired of... (So-called fake homies) You reall ain't said nothin' Only come around... Act like I owe ya something The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Cypress Hill Album: We Ain't Goin' Out Like That 12" Song: Scooby Doo Typed by: g-gomez@edmail.com Chorus (repeated several times): Scooby-Doo, y'alllllll.... Scooby-Dooby-Doo, y'alllllll.... Verse 1: B-Real I remember the time them niggas tried to get me (I ain't havin' it) Throw your hands in the air, the Hill's live and direct, see So let me put my clip in, watch this nigga start flippin' My, why must they always be trippin'? Shut up, what up, fool tried to nut up Dropped the gat, riccocheted, the fool got cut up (Why'd you drop the gat, G?) I got hit from behind Now a nigga like me, I gotta go for mine Bring it on, bing, make ya bells ring When ya hit that pavement, what a feeling It's on, cracked like a baseball bat Oh shiiiiiiiit, out the boot came a gat Pointed (aimed) the nigga said "You're through!" [laughs] Scooby Doo! 'Cause I had a boy too! Chorus Verse 2: B-Real I remember the time them niggas tried to get me (I ain't havin' it) Throw your gats in the air if you wanna come test me So let me just run through, as I pull out my Scooby-Doo I get the chills when I see that dead man's crew I got to get up, let's go head up, dead up I'm loc'ed like that, punk, that's why you're gettin' wet-up Want me to let up, but I ain't tryin' to hear that Bullshit cryin', punk, let me just clear that Buck a shot, lick a two shot, lick a three shot Ran out of ammo, damn, I ain't tryin' to get got Two niggas standin', dirty under-handed Lighter shade of fire, check my slug expanded Now tell me what the fuck are you gonna do When I pull out my Scooby-Doo? Chorus Outro: B-Real (Mexican dialect?) Take a good look ... 'cause this is the last time you're gonna see fat bell like this again, you fat piece a chit! Kid muchacho,  muchacho kid, get flabby - (oh - choot that piece a chit.) You fuckin' lobsta piece a CHIT! I'll stomp you like a duck. And you ...  you with your little happy chain of lighters ... you wanna fuck with  me, you fuck with the best! And you ... you with the burly haircut, the Stawberry Quik guy ... you around the way, main. I know where you at. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Cypress Hill Album: What's Your Number? 12" Song: Ready to Die Typed by: cheg71@hotmail.com * * send corrections to the typist [Chorus: B-Real] Are you ready to die, ready to die, tell me I see your look in your eye and its deadly better pray to the sky and get ready when you decide come on tell me [Verse 1] You got a choice in life with a fork in the road got your back turned with your eyes closed with a blindfold when you open them up there's a signpost enter at your own risk better find out where your home is some chose the streets livin a life outlawed doubt you'll see me spittin'my game southpole careful with the choices you make you gotta live with them, can't you hear the voices you hate how do you deal with them some took another path felt they own wrath add drugs to the math cut the life spans in half from deaths to cold sweats to soul lets go into the abbys we are gonna miss you yo [Verse 2] I put my fist up I ain't gonna hit you nigga I got no regrets I ain't gonna diss you nigga I just pray for you even though you're hard headed you made your own bed and I hope you don't get wetted I took the wrongsteps too but I learned from them I drew heat from my niggaz like the burning sun but like all lessons I need a self check I still got my strap but now I use my brain as a weapon could have stood left chose death no bread underfed all these niggaz spraying lead pushing on me laying dead this ain't gonna happen yet bitches I'm a fucking vet if you're coming for my head you can get a slug instead every nigga something something dues are they even fucking paid up what do you say to all the haters writing in the fukin papers homie wake up or we take up all the ground that you can't make up The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Cypress Hill Album: WWE Forcable Entry Song: Just Another Victim (Tazz Theme) Typed by: westupsouthdown@yahoo.com [Heatbeat...] [Chorus 2x] So you wanna be a thug superstar and live hard [Just another victim] [B-Real] Growing up in these streets of brooklyn Out here in the hook where ya world gets shooken Thug life's a tough one, my life's a tough one Don't make me have to reach out and touch one I'll break ya frame up, turn the flame up Run ya name up, cuz you're a lame duck The tazzmission leads you to submission You're just another victim, here to rock the friction I want it all and if it's lead through you I'm gonna get mine, So you know my name Be aware cause the mood's about to change! [Chorus 4x] [B-Real] Let me tell ya exactly what will happen When I choke punks out and people start clappin Switch into mega phase and feel the rage Of a psycho destroyer that you can't just take Down for the count cause I just won't let it I'm here to break bones, Ring the bell, And let's get it Arm for the strong just like gladiators Rip out ya spine like the second terminator Haters ain't got no time for the tactics I can see through you and the child like tactics No advances, No chances, Oppositions get a beat down [Beat him down, dog] [Chorus 4x] [B-Real] I got no friends, No allies, Hell rises quick No love for nothing of you, Cuz you despise my trip Keep your distance, I don't need your assistance Cuz I'm built to last, And made for resistance The pitbull territer, Bone crusher When I lock on y'all, You scream like a busta Cuz that's the only way we know out here When you're a thug, You're always taught to show no fear My flow hit em dead, Him with anybody, And I'll make sure That none of these son of a bitches get up Gonna get mine, So you know my name, Beware Cause the mood's about to change [Chorus 4x] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Akrobatik f/ B-Real Album: Absolute Value Song: A to the K Typed by: PDog1217@aol.com [Intro - Akrobatik - talking] ("In the cityyyy, well there") Uh, yeah, yeah (yeah) What up y'all? Yeah Back in effect One, two, one two Yep Uh, let's do it Yo, front row What's up, what's up (uh, what up) Yeah, back row, what's up What's my name y'all (yeah) Akro [Verse 1 - Akrobatik] Just when they said it couldn't be done, I am back (uh) Witness the reappearance of your radio interference (um) I've been given clearance to smash the airwaves of these program directors and all of their slaves I'm sendin 'em to their graves (uh) My indie hustle got too much muscle for them to even try an' tussle As we struggle through the jungle I'm pullin you out the rubble I'm trouble with the lyricals, somethin like Je-sus with the miracles I can't turn water into wine But I can drop a hard rhyme that's slaughterin your spine (huh) Calm under pressure like Tom Brady, 4th and 10, runnin short of time (huh) My skills are borderline insane Follow them and flatline your brain (brain) So just bounce to the beat bitch (bitch) Peep this unique shit (uh) Ak murder jams and it ain't no secret Yes, uh They call me [Chorus - B-Real] (Akrobatik) - w/ ad libs A to the motherfuckin K homeboy A to the motherfuckin K (A TO THE K!) A to the motherfuckin K homeboy A to the motherfuckin K (A TO THE K!) A to the motherfuckin K homeboy A to the motherfuckin K Uh, yeah, yeah, uh, yeah, yo Not the gun, but the MC son [Verse 2 - Akrobatik] If there is your introduction, then where the fuck you been? It's been years since my records first started to spin I'm from the era where you had to work your hardest to win A lot of records drop, you never heard the artist again But in my heart is the desire to win I'm on fire again Ignire the mic and let it strike my opponents Blazin through your stereo component from the moment that you press play It's feelin like the start of your best day Shit is hella dope, that's what my heads our West say Hey, ask my homey B-Real from the Hill Ak got skills plus somethin you can feel I got pop appeal but I keep it concealed Like an automatic weapon, but that's not what I'm reppin I'm reppin no half steppin, that's the lesson The new era begins now, no more stressin Let's go (yeah) Back home they call me [Chorus] - w/ ad libs What, yeah, yo Not the gun, but the MC son The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: (The Alchemist f/) B-Real Album: The Chemistry Files, Vol. 1 Song: Body Something Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [B-Real] Yo Alchemist we takin it back on this one my nigga Ya dig? Cypress Hill, Soul Assassins, uh As the game gets older all you niggaz get younger You put your hand in my plate, go 'head and question my hunger I'll show you how the 6 spit a barrel of thunder Shoot the math one round, put you six feet under Pour the liquor out, for my homey who didn't make it We hold your name up, and celebrate it, never be faded You on the grind and sometimes shit boggles your mind How you got away with the crimes and you prospered Took advantage, of every single thing life has to offer Thugs never got nothin nice in the brain See cold-blooded ass niggaz swish ice in their veins You blinded by the ice on the chains Divided by the price of the fame You rollin like dice in the game It's a gamble, too hot to handle Got to know when to hold 'em, fold 'em and then scramble Move quick, we blow your head out like a candle.. candle.. [Chorus: repeat 2X] Y'all know I got the shotty pumpin So you know I'm gonna body somethin Got the blood in your body pumpin Big guns that'll keep your party jumpin [B-Real] I get... more from the hustle I get... more money, more problems I get... all the look stoned people I get... pigs knockin on my door I get... hard times all over I get... bitches schemin on me I get... dough cash in a tight-ass grip I get you a casket bitch! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Apathy f/ B-Real, Celph Titled Album: Wanna Snuggle? Song: Shoot First Typed by: timm2014@hotmail.com [Chorus] [B-Real & Celph Titled] [BR] Shoot first, ask questions last [CT] Shot gun pump bring a blast from the past [BR] Shoot first, ask questions last [CT] You better run fast, motherfucker run fast [BR] Shoot first, ask questions last [CT] Got a nine in the waist, 45 in the stash [BR] Shoot first, ask questions last [CT] You better run fast, motherfucker run fast [Verse One] [Apathy] Just gimme a reason I'm squeezin', til you stop breathin' For treason, I got shotguns like duck season The world's comin' to an end A.P. with my A.K., me and my little friend T-minus 10 seconds and I'm (blastin' off) I'm the I.R.A. with a (Kalashnikov) This ain't rocket science It's machine gun math Cause I'm armed to the teeth, see my heat, when I laugh I'm the chief on a warpath, fuck knucklin' up There's a reason why my niece call me "Uncle Buck" Some cracker went and fucked our whole gene pool up Look how many white kids, go and shoot their school up You on X-Box Live shootin' at a dead mutant In real life, we got more guns than Ted Nugent My shit bangs, not all of that emcee jive Fuck an MPC, I got an MP5 and I [Chorus] [B-Real & Celph Titled] [BR] Shoot first, ask questions last [CT] Shot gun pump bring a blast from the past [BR] Shoot first, ask questions last [CT] You better run fast, motherfucker run fast [BR] Shoot first, ask questions last [CT] Got a nine in the waist, 45 in the stash [BR] Shoot first, ask questions last [CT] You better run fast, motherfucker run fast [Verse Two] [B-Real] So when I get lifted, I'm gifted The paradigm shifted, I flipped it Took an Ap beat, and I ripped it I ain't Mike But I'm just like a Thriller...damn I'm feelin' like I could just kill a man 420 hits, I take money hits And squeeze triggers, like a Playboy Bunny's tits I shoot first, get the loot burst Quicker than a hot slug, comin at ya crew, and I could do worse You don't wanna see that, leave that Yeah, I bring the heat to the party, like I DJ brings the beat back I got a weed sack You might get high a little Instead of gun smoke, you might wanna try a little You wanna buy a little homie, that's a nice try This ain't Half Baked I ain't Mr. Nice Guy My trigger finger's itchy I think I'm gonna blast Shoot first ask questions last [Chorus] [B-Real & Celph Titled] [BR] Shoot first, ask questions last [CT] Shot gun pump bring a blast from the past [BR] Shoot first, ask questions last [CT] You better run fast, motherfucker run fast [BR] Shoot first, ask questions last [CT] Got a nine in the waist, 45 in the stash [BR] Shoot first, ask questions last [CT] You better run fast, motherfucker run fast [Verse Three] [Celph Titled]  Yes sir, I'm back y'all Let the ratchet attack y'all Put some dimples in ya face like a Cabbage Patch doll Nobody ill as this I let the bullets talk for me, I'm a ventriloquist Chase you on the highway with weapons and That hard stare you had before will turn to panic lookin' for the exit ramp I'm all of that, and a plate full of pork chops No morals, I'll turn a day care, into a dope spot Demigodzilla, my outer shell got special scales Measure my weight like Killer Whales (You need a special scale) I get it poppin' fam, take you the promise land Submerge you under water, couldn't live if you was Aquaman Bonkers with the barnacles and sharp articles Skim you limb to limb, down until your bone particles Comic illustrators Wanna illustrate us But ain't enough space to draw my gun in 30 pages Ahh... [Chorus] [B-Real & Celph Titled] [BR] Shoot first, ask questions last [CT] Shot gun pump bring a blast from the past [BR] Shoot first, ask questions last [CT] You better run fast, motherfucker run fast [BR] Shoot first, ask questions last [CT] Got a nine in the waist, 45 in the stash [BR] Shoot first, ask questions last [CT] You better run fast, motherfucker run fast The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Travis Barker f/ Cypress Hill Album: Give the Drummer Some Song: Beat Goes On Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Intro] And the beat goes {*2X*} And-and the beat goes {*2X*} And-and the beat goes (beat goes on!) And-and the beat goes {*2X*} And-and the beat-beat (beat goes on!) [B-Real] In the city lights, the night'll give me life I hear the drums, I'm a war chief, gimme knife You got kush, fuck the knife, just give me light Spark it up in my grow room, pretty sight Got a house on the hill, we the pretty type You ain't got kush, man what a shitty life I don't wanna hit your bowl on your mini pipe Tryin to hit my 8-footer, reach Diddy heights Now I'm swingin on the drums like Tarzan Incorporate the weed through my bars man Sixteen of 'em, I be needin 'em On stage screamin 'em, PRC{?} screenin 'em They call green thumb, the serene one I lay back on the drum like a beach bum Shit is hot as summer, another classic number Everybody give it up for the funky drummer And the beat goes on (and the beat goes on!) And the beat goes on and on and on [Interlude] And the beat goes on (and the beat goes!) And-and the beat (beat goes on!) [Sen Dog] Here come the West Coasters, whylin out loc'in My eyeballs bleed from the weed I be smokin Keep walkin son, I keep this on hostile Mad weaponry, I bring by the stockpile Way too deep, my block legendary Many MC's tried to creep and got buried Here come the Cypress, back with the tightest man behind the kit, we know you gon' like this Roll with the top dog, do it like a rock star Servin 'em up, a double dose of hot sauce You got your ears on, and you're listenin The bad motherfucker is in this here business Handle shit right, get your stack on Anybody hatin is that fool that you smash on Gonna say it last time, and I'm gonna jump Hit 'em and go bang, give the drummer some! [Chorus] - repeat 4X [B-Real] Shit is critical, we are the invincible Riot starters start riots on principle At the pinnacle, the game is winnable Put the record on the table, guaranteed spinnable Follow the leader, the level is goin off the meter The funk freaker, with the big drum beater What you scared for? Better prepare your- -self for the time of your life, we are in rare form The track is harder with Travis Barker Cause the beat is much bolder than the magic marker Write it on the wall, y'all wanna see us fall Small minds get the balls, see the plaques down the hall I'm a self-made, not a Federline Got my own stacks, that means the cheddar's mine On forever grind, somethin that you'll never find The time to do so {?} you will never mind [Chorus] - repeat 4X {*repeated ad libs to the end*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Beastie Boys f/ Cypress Hill Album: So What'cha Want CD-Single Song: So What'cha Want (Soul Assassin Remix Version) Typed by: puto4life@hotmail.com Hahahahaa, you don't stop You keep on and you don't stop You can't front on that To the S-K-B, you don't stop Ha... whoo Well just plug me in just like I was Eddie Harris you're eating crazy cheese like you'd think I'm from Paris You know I get fly, you think I get high You know that I'm gone and I'm a tell you all why So tell me who are you dissing; maybe I'm missing The reason that you're smiling or wilding so listen In my head I just want to take 'em down Imagination set loose and I'm gonna shake 'em down Let it flow like a mud slide When I get on I like to ride and glide I've got depth of perception in my text y'all I get props at my mention 'cause I vex y'all So what'cha what'cha what'cha want? (what'cha want?) When you're so funny with the money that you flaunt I said where'd you get your information from huh? You think that you can front when revelation comes? I said so what'cha what'cha what'cha want? (so what'cha want?) I said so what'cha what'cha what'cha want? (so what'cha want?) I said so what'cha what'cha what'cha want? (so what'cha want?) I said so what'cha what'cha what'cha want? (so what'cha want?) I said so what'cha what'cha what'cha want? (so what'cha want?) Well they call me Mike D the ever loving man I'm like Spoonie Gee (whoo ooh), I'm the metropolitician (yeyeyeyeah!) You scream and you holler, about my Chevy Impala But the sweat is getting wetter than the ring around your collar But like a dream I'm flowing without no stopping Sweeter than a cherry pie with ready whip topping Goin' from mic to mic kickin' it wall to wall Well i'll be calling out you people like a casting call Oh well it's wacked when you're jacked in the back of a ride with your know with your flow when you're out gettin' by Believe me, what you see is what you get And you see me, comin' off as you can bet Well I think I'm losin' my mind, this time This time I'm losin' my mind; that's right I said I think I'm losin' my mind, this time This time, I'm losing my mind (this time!) I said so what'cha what'cha what'cha want? (so what'cha want?) I said so what'cha what'cha what'cha want? (so what'cha want?) I said so what'cha what'cha what'cha want? (so what'cha want?) I said so what'cha what'cha what'cha want? (so what'cha want?) I said so what'cha what'cha what'cha want? (so what'cha want?) I said so what'cha what'cha what'cha want? (so what'cha want?) I said so what'cha what'cha what'cha want? (so what'cha want?) I said so what'cha what'cha what'cha want? (so what'cha want?) But little do you know about something that I talk about I'm tired of driving it's due time that I walk about But in the meantime, I'm wise to the demise I've got eyes in the back of my head so I realize Well I'm Dr. Spock I'm here to rock y'all I want you off the wall, if you're playing the wall I said what'cha what'cha what'cha want? (what'cha want?) I said what'cha what'cha what'cha want? (what'cha want?) Suckers write me checks, and then they bounce So I reach into my pocket for the fresh amount See I'm the long leaner victor the cleaner I'm the illest motherfucker from here to Gardena Well I'm as cool as a cucumber in a bowl of hot sauce You've got the rhyme and reason but no cause So if you're hot to trot you think you're slicker than grease I've got news for you crews, you'll be suckin' like a leech! I said so what'cha what'cha what'cha want? (so what'cha want?) I said so what'cha what'cha what'cha want? (so what'cha want?) I said so what'cha what'cha what'cha want? (so what'cha want?) I said so what'cha what'cha what'cha want? (so what'cha want?) [B-Real] I got the big brown boots when you wanna get kicked like a rhyme from the heart and the mind there was a time when the blunt got licked I take a hit of the weed and then blew a smoke screen No Visine just a little, Afro-Sheen and a High Times magazine I like to smoke y'all, but the pigs come sweating they like the smell of the weed that I'm smoking they can't have none of the number one sess-stash So keep your hands off the hash Don't act rash, cause if you move too fast I'll pull out my gat and blast your sorry ass... And you can kiss my ass, haha That was the "M" to the "I" to the "K" to the "E" to the "D" y'all Ghetto Block The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Big Punisher f/ B-Real, Fat Joe, Kool G Rap Album: Endangered Species * Song: Wishful Thinking Typed by: Steve_59@hotmail.com * originally on the "I'm Not a Player" (CD Single) [Fat Joe] What would you do if you could do the unbelievable [Kool G Rap] Once you rule the world every girl will want to be with you [Big Pun] First I get the money then I get the power [B-Real]  B-Real of the hill eliminate the guitars [Verse 1: B-Real] Thinkin' of takin' a plane  to take a flight out to the red light and smuggle 10 pounds of weed make it home tonight be the number 1 smuggler in the area got enough weed to fill up and air craft carrier erb slanger, Hasila Incorporated  state to state and over seas gettin' faded buddah king had seen the green proton I'm bringing it on right back home to Don many different strains of erb in my brain I'm slippin' through customs in my hydro plane skunk and the one chocolate ty bud niggaz lets get high in the sky hit the blunts and the bongs, fill up the lungs, niggaz don't stop fools get sprung when they get there smoked up for crops like gettin' props, where all the soldiers in the board yo what would you do if the world was yours. [Kool G Rap] What would you do if you could do the unbelievable [Big Pun] Once you rule the world every girl would want to be with you [B-Real]  First I get the money then I get the power [Fat Joe] Joey crack twist the caps enemys I devour [Verse 2: Fat Joe] Yo it's only a dream 16 battin' Beamers and Benz's lying penance with diamonds ill as lacin' in a face with avengances having blocks on in the lava parts dome my mankind with crime is how you shine if you can't rhyme dime droppers will give ya fad time if you sleep but momma single be mastera heater on city streets in the east I be known as Don Cartegena claimin' the (?) like (?) lacin' the china wit Menida to seller need repeater or be a leader  like a preacher or presume a steeper peep the shit that I be on, sippin' Don until I'm drunk with a million in my trunk like Nikki Vons come on I be the top extortionist  adopt adopted foster kids right out the muthafuckin' orphanage yea, I do it for the youth, I'm livin' proof  all my peeps in the streets know I speak the truth. [Big Pun] What would you do if you could do the unbelievable [B-Real]  Once you rule the world every girl would want to be with you [Fat Joe] First ya get the money then you get the power [Kool G Rap] G Rap bustin' the gats slangin' last by every hour [Verse 3: Kool G Rap] No doubt,  I be the crime story of all ghetto territorys soldiers at war be blowin' up niggaz like glory with pharmasoticle lavatorys major to chemistry, PHD in streetology degree in drug industry combinin' H²O with matter from crack batter rest it through molecules scatter  launchin' rockets to make the pocket fatter mind bitin' an arm starts a crime G equals and MC dat aint near the square son I gets mine but yo the kill the fill with force fields and shields and holy steel, a nigga keep it real you know the deal, if the stakes ain't to high for me to grab I got's to have, stack all the cabbage from constructin' a drug traffic police a jam me in try to find a new pot to frame me in Aramians so I resort the evil thoughts like Damien this flame of fury to the D-A and the jury  100 grand the judges hammer slams I'm a free man. [B-Real]  What would you do if you could do the unbelievable [Fat Joe] Once you rule the world every girl would want to be with you [Kool G Rap] First ya get the money then you get the power [Big Pun] Big Pun's the same son bustin' my guns for the Dollars [Verse 4: Big Pun] Yo, I'm walkin' waters spit fire and shit Häagen-Dazs idolize no man like Conan and stand beside the guards be larger than life, twice as nice as ya idol pump you with pride, then guide you str8 to hell like the bible I'm lible to start manipulatin' minds infiltratin' clown 'm out the pitfalls of life entice with nickle plated nine it seems every time I'm dream I'm in a nightmare of fiend livin' a world of mothers and queens and men would fight fare  [Fat Joe: Hell Yea!] I wish I could, I wish I could never forget this whole damn world aint shit I'm just a hood yo I change my life make my wife and get the chance for the pain and physical abuse, give her back her best years grab my chest hairs, pound my fist on the hard cement spark the scent, and cloud the sky till my heart's content repent and vow she be forgiven  how could we be proud to live in a world  which condems man, child, to women child to women. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Boo-Yaa T.R.I.B.E. f/ B-Real, Eminem Album: West Kostra Nostra Song: Real 911 Typed by: akademik_geniuz_@hotmail.com * * send corrections to the typist [Intro - Eminem] WAAAAHHHHHHHOOOOOOOOOOO!!! {*laughs*} Guess who's back?!?! Mommy! We're home!! Say hello to my little friends DJ Muggs, Soul Assassins, Cypress Hill Everybody! Put your hands where my eyes can see!!! [Verse - Eminem] Everywhere we go people know that we roll deep as fuck Fourty fifty Samoans, they knowing when D-Bo was 50, Tweezy, Obie there won't be no hoe in us They pop shit like they gon do shit but no one does From New York down to Texas, back up to Los Angeles We've changed the way we move so man up if you can't adjust You may end up getting rushed by too many to handle us It's funny, I guess money does have its advantages And it isn't that we just think that we can't be touched It's not like we're just feeling ourselves that much It's just, that if someone ever does put us in the clutch We just know that y'all ain't gon be the one who's gon do it Cause first of all you're pussy and everybody can see that You fuck around, get caught in a spot that you shouldn't be at That you got no business being in, we ain't even gon be in it No one's gunna hear nothing, no one's gunna see this shit And they'll be in and up out of it, them boys is bout it, bout it The noise from (?) be drowned out by the crowd And you'll be laying on the ground getting trampled by people dancing Till the club closes, and clears out And that's when they see you flatened Nobody saw it happen, all cause your jaws are flapping And you couldn't stop yapping and took it past rapping It ain't about the music no more, it's bout trying to show off And it feels like any minute the bomb is bout to go off [Chorus - Eminem] Shit's about to change, cause we ain't playing no games We ain't budging neither are they, we ain't saying no names Shit just ain't the same, when the K's get to scream Hip-hop is in a state of 911 It ain't about hip-hop, cause those days are gone It ain't about trying rip shots, to get props no more It's about trying not to get popped, and get dropped to the floor Cause hip-hop is in a state of 911 [Verse - B-Real] Step off my holster cause shit it's getting serious All theses drugs you be fucking with make you delirious Thinking you coming with heat, yo son, I'm curious How long are you gunna hate us and judge us and jury us? Some people can never fade us, that make us so furious Mistake us for fakers, homie we greater and glorious We living for real and others just making the stories up Allusions are broken, so live it up, you corny fucks If you take a fucking minute to think about what you've done When you stood against a gangsta who live and die by the gun Got a hot one, spraying you bitches til there is none I'm like a rolling stone homie, I got you under my thumb Silly little bitches can end up right up in ditches We cut you and give you stitches, for envy and all my riches Your game's just like a midget, you're clocking a small digit Dealing with the Giant Goliath, people that's how we live it, c'mon [Verse - Ganxsta Ridd] Uh, gangsta Ganxsta who come to pay you a visit On this shit you call hip-hop, this function is where did it When I - put it in motion, my focus is getting branded My appetite for destruction is blasted because I said it Got you - stumbling for cover, this music dying in numbers But you wouldn't pause and wonder, admitting it's all glamour When you - enter the business you thinking you running shit You witness that funny shit, your bitches they ain't shit! We gangstas we blast first, ask questions later All these - imitators parading like they some playas Trying to - save hip-hop the task is something greater Cause we old fashioned coded with loyalty motivaters Get caught, I'm not telling, or more like killing not caring I'm riding a - gangsta feeling, no fearing when gangstas dying I'm in a - full circle with homies that's supposed to bleed On an 8 Mile mission with Cypress and O.G.'s The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Chino XL f/ B-Real Album: I Told You So Song: Last Laugh Typed by: kill4747@hotmail.com [Crowd chanting] Chino, Chino, Chino! [Chino XL] What's the deal? Let's get this (*shit*) on  What's the deal? Yo, where my Latinos at? I said, where the (*fuck*) is my Latinos at? [Chorus: B-Real (Chino XL)] You get hit up, pump my shit up to full blast (Word to God) B-Real's the nigga that laughs last (How far are you willing to go?) Till I'm dead ass (I swear to God) B-Real's the nigga that laugh last (You get hit up, pump my shit up to full blast) Word to God (Chino the nigga that laughs last) How far are you willing to go? (Till I'm dead ass) I swear to God (Chino's the nigga that laugh last) [B-Real] Flows are malicious you bitches seekin' the riches You freeze up and then you sound fucked like when the DAT pitches You like a woman who just gave birth: all in stitches Comin' apart at the seams, fallin' out your britches Fuck rockin' this off the hook, it's off the hinges For you fuckin' junkies fiendin' I'm fillin' up all your syringes Me and Chino sippin' on Vino, coolin' in Reno I'm snatchin' your mic like it was money when I hit cee-lo Warnin'! Niggas are stormin' all over me I'll split your dome like Moses parted the Red Sea To my east niggas and the west, and the rest God bless You're chokin' down all that watered down bullshit like it's cess Switch up you better not hiccup or eat a dick up I'm like the 4-54, dustin' your fuckin' pickup Throw my clique up when you approach, you want to slang but you can't swing, you wish you was nuts so you can hang [Chorus: B-Real (Chino XL)] (You get hit up, pump my shit up to full blast) Word to God (Chino the nigga that laugh last) How far are you willing to go? (Till I'm dead ass) I swear to God (Chino the nigga that laugh last) You get hit up, pump my shit up to full blast (Word to God) B-Real's the nigga that laugh last (How far are you willing to go?) Till I'm dead ass (I swear to God) B-Real's the nigga that laugh last [Verse 2: Chino XL] Whoop, whoop! You know what Chino about, damn! More "Bounce To The Once", bullet in chest like Roger Troutman Your insurance policy rejected cause I'm gonna kill all your survivin' family members you wish to prosper by collectin' it It's definite, you a blunderin' idiot So you get bust/bussed like black kids off to white schools in the sixties did I bring asphyxiation to rappers gassed like being in a garage car engine runnin' without no ventilation My flow innovation, higher than trailer trash aspiration I'm hungrier than chicks tied up in Rick James basement Face it, you don't compare to mine (There is no reason for your existence what-so-ever after Chino XL rhymes) You get no chance to counter attack about your raps I'll show you facts till you draw your own conclusions that you are wack In your spiritual crisis just bow down to who the lyrical Christ is Making graven images of my likeness, despite this, I Muggs like Cypress Nigga B-Real, I'll have you on the Wheel Of Fortune  buying an I/eye right next to Bushwick Bill I drill any MC with my speech Showin' frauds who the strongest like model Tyson beatin' down Tyrese (What!) [Chorus: B-Real (Chino XL)] You get hit up, pump my shit up to full blast (Word to God) B-Real's the nigga that laugh last (How far are you willing to go?) Till I'm dead ass (I swear to God) B-Real's the nigga that laugh last (You get hit up, pump my shit up to full blast) Word to God (Chino the nigga that laugh last) How far are you willing to go? (Till I'm dead ass) I swear to God (Chino the nigga that laugh last) [B-Real] Aye, that nigga Chino (*fuckin'*) flipped it right now, didn't he? Give it up for B-Real! [Chino XL] Who's the evil Evel Knievel, you beneath like church steeples I swear before God and five other Latin people We ignore amateurs Me and B-Real stick together like pages of porn mags beneath Kool Keith mattresses [B-Real] It's a pity you could never be witty You fuckin' with me like a flat chick needin' attention so buy titties You want a name, but you can't make it, you can't fake it Like a virgin who's ridin' a dick, you can't take it [Chorus: B-Real (Chino XL)] (You get hit up, pump my shit up to full blast) Word to God (Chino the nigga that laugh last) How far are you willing to go? (Till I'm dead ass) I swear to God (Chino the nigga that laugh last) You get hit up, pump my shit up to full blast (Word to God) B-Real's the nigga that laugh last (How far are you willing to go?) Till I'm dead ass (I swear to God) B-Real's the nigga that laugh last [B-Real] I just don't want to get rowdy right now you know that (*shit*) makes me rowdy And I'm kind of flamed up too, you know what I'm sayin'? (*Crowd cheers*) That's right! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Chino XL f/ B-Real (Cypress Hill), Sick Jacken (Psycho Realm), Thirstin Howl III, Sinful (The Mexakinz), Frost Album: Ricanstruction: The Black Rosary (Disc 2) Song: Latinos Stand Up (Part 2) Typed by: Wammy Giveaway [Focus...] "Por el suelo Hay como se riega (Por el suelo) Hay es de bonita (Por el suelo) Hay es verdecita (Por el suelo) Hay la verdolaga" --> Toto La Momposina [B-Real] Okay, we reloaded [Verse 1: B-Real] Mira chico, it's been a while for me and Chino To spit the venom and start upliftin' Latino people We started back in the days of Mellow Man Ace and Frost For every Latin rapper, we're labelled the underdogs They open the doors and Cypress Hill, we came bustin' through it Platinum plaques on the wall, the first Latins to do it Joey Crack and the Punisher, they kept it movin' And little by little, the movement started showin' improvement We're in it to win it, you can trace us from the beginnin' From graph on the wall to crazy legs on the floors spinnin' The doors were open, you're scopin' aqui yo tengo llabes Y ya tu sabes, in spirit, we roll with Cezar Chavez We gettin' higher than Cheech & Chong, summon the choir Sing to our people, inspire them to light up the fire We goin' for ours and reachin' for stars, hands up And if you ain't, hearin' the message, Latinos stand up Chorus: Sick Jacken Latinos stand up Morenos stand up Act like you gettin' rob, then throw your hands up Mira We are the ghetto music Latin lingo beat killers We get it poppin' in the streets, so I know you feel us We stand up My people stand up Act like you gettin' rob, then throw your hands up Baby You can catch us in the hood, daily Stackin' money, tryin' to make it out alive cause it's too crazy [Verse 2: Chino XL] I grew up listenin' to Rican/Struction, Ray Barretto Puerto Rican superhero now, bringin' hope to the ghetto Youngest situation was faced with incarceration But now I own more homes/holmes than an ese's conversation My co-sign from B-Real and the Soul Assassins Have me spazzin' passionate, accurate for my fellow Latins Feelin' like a god when I get in the booth I flow so natural like I dip my writin' pen inside, the blood is loose Tourin' the world with Immortal Technique All you can see is the sea of the caged minds we set free These hater's reign is over, callate la boca Got so many bars, that's probably why my last name is Barbosa Funkdoobiest, Tony Touch, Tru Life, and Psycho Realm Fat Joe, Joell Ortiz, Nino Bless, the underground Cuban Linx, Big Pun, Markey D, Big Lou Pitbull, Peedi Crack, and any gente I forgot The illest story teller since abuela beat me With chancletas for standin' in front of the T.V. during novelas Spit king since sixteen, the only homeys on your team Is them figures out of bubblegum machines Repeat Chorus (Verse 3) [Thirstin Howl III] I'm from Brownsville, Brooklyn, with the P.R. flag Wear my coat and my hat, usually, all match Whether projects in prison, second hung Thirstin Howl the third, with his weapon drums Guapo guapo, hablo malo, when I'm walkin' with the bottle Matando, matando, unico trabajo Street legend credit, edits corrected My gun and my mic, both make records [Sinful] Que seria, hip hop sin El Pecador, vamos (Dale) Seria como Los Angeles y Mexicanos Un malandrin a en la luz, que te deja la cruz El unico Latino que grita (???) ven mas, there's loot Pregunta por mi en las calles si hay alguna duda Recoje la evidencia por aqui hay mucha basura Dirty Dodger, trampista sucio Que se pone la mascara de Santos pa robarte, por gusto [Frost] Quevole, loco, que onda, que pasa Aqui para, Mister La-Raza Tu sabes, Chevrolet Impalas La vida loca, East L.A. forever La raza, stand up Mi gente, stand up Act like you got guantes on them, down to get 'em up, ese We in the barrio, cruisin' in lowriders In the calles of East Los, where you'll find us Repeat Chorus [Focus...] "Por el suelo Hay como se riega (Por el suelo) Hay es de bonita (Por el suelo) Hay es verdecita (Por el suelo) Hay la verdolaga" The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Code Blue f/ Sen Dog (Cypress Hill) Album: Premature (Ahead of the Times) Song: I'm a Rhydah Typed by: management@thirdworldentertainment.com (Sen Dog) Verse 1: Vengo de la calle from those mean streets Me oye compadre I don't get beat Southgate sureno barrio de Cypress La razas most blunted The worlds highest  Soy Sen Dog de Los Angeles  Puro kush homie nada but the best Get my clown on puro payasadas Chasing them chicks im down for them damas Latin legacy that be my crew Down with Wiliam Dinero, Stalyn and Code Blue Que bolas seres? Dile con suerte That's cubano for whats happening homie Yo te cuido I got your back Porque ay too many haters and that shits wack Just so you know no mas pa que tu sepas Go against me Bides de bajo tierra (D.Q) Chorus: I'm a rhydah All I ever known was streets My whole life I've been real strong surviving on my own two feet Cause I'm a rhydah ohh ohh Cause I'm a rhydah ohh ohh ohh ohh ohh ohh (William Dinero) Verse 2: Vengo desde el norte la calle fria, Screwface capitals where I be at Catch a flight to Cali ask Sen Dog to meet me at L-A-X im loving the west with my Jays fitted hat  Im reppin  Costa a costa Barrio a barrio De Toronto, Ontario soy el socio empresario Rodiado por los latin thugs, soy puro callejero Cypress Hill, Code Blue guerrilleros What you know about bodegas, playas y las hevas?  Barbacoas, mareros tirando las letras? Las esquinas, las cantinas, grindin on the block, hittin up on the vesinas?  Its all the same sangre Latina running through my veins Dipping in a caddy switching lanes Hitting switches g thang La vida es bien corta  You could never tell or be promised a tomorrow so you got to live it well Ehh! (D.Q) Chorus (Stalyn) Verse 3: Oh Padre mio'Que Estas En el Cielo Perdoname por todo lo que he hecho Life is painfull po eso me elevo Quiebro lo dedos como Cholio Sureno Centro Americano, Mexicanos, Caribenos United in A Brand New Day This Aint No Sueno Comprendtion? I want Cali-Fornication  If You're A Loc-Out Chola you Don't need an application  Shit On The Competition In Every Confrentation Soy El Joven Rey De Los Callejeros  Guele Pega Vende chicle Mercadero  From Managua City Slums Tramsmisting Live In Your Stereo El govieno no Le Interesa El Ghetto Mi religion es Dinero  le Tiro El Dedo A la Chota Por racistas y pandillero  Down For Wateva for ever Con el Perro  Now Give me that Banging Beat De William Dinero Chorus (D.Q) Quiero mi gente mi barrio desde Toronto a California ahh ahh ahhh Code Blue, Code Blue Houston te amo Miami te quiero Chicago y Nueva York tambien  Mi gente de Maryland ohh ohh ohh ohh ohh ohh I'm A Rhydah (repeated) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Collie Buddz f/ Aztec, B-Real, Paul Wall, Ray Cash, Shaggy Album: Come Around (Remix) 12" Song: Come Around (B-Real Remix) Typed by: Gemini_20502K@Yahoo.com [Intro: Collie Buddz] A Buddz weh mi seh!!! Yuh know this a di ganja remix! From Bermuda, to Jamaica, to Cali, to Texas, back out to Cleveland Yuh know, Paul Wall weh yuh seh!!! [Verse 1: Paul Wall] I'm leanin, I got my drink poured up extra thick The mud is purple, grab a cup of ice and take a sip Pour a ounce, pour a deuce, baby pour a fours Have a taste, drink it slow, and you be on the floor The dro is twisted up, but me, I'm 'bout to mix it up Drinkin that expensive taste with Skinhead Rob I'm leanin tough I'm talkin 'bout the ocean potion call it Texas tea Leanin like a kick stand pass it right here straight to me My partner Keke gave me tips and put me on game He told me splash some grape soda call it purple rain I need that potent dungeon punch, pour me up a cup Everytime, it come around, I'm leaning off that purple stuff [Bridge: Collie Buddz] Finally di herbs come around, come around, come around, come around... [Verse 2: B-Real] We break it up, roll it up, light it up, smoke it up And pass it to the left until you tell us that you had enough Inhale, exhale, blow the smoke out your lungs Once you hit the kush I think you know just where I'm comin from They call me green thumb, if you need some I excercise my freedom and bring you the best weed son See son, in the kingdom we got it down We smokin up the green shit money no Bobby Brown It's funny how we blaze it in the club, in the spliff or in the blunt You can put it in the pipe and smoke it up all night What you hatin for I smoke with the spirit of Bob Marley If you think you gonna stop I'm sorry not hardly Feelin kind of oddly, defiant, and ready to party And gettin retarded, once this motherfuckin session started We blown trees up sp freeze up ease up The general population sayin please relief us [Bridge: Collie Buddz] Finally di herbs come around, come around, come around, come around... [Verse 3: Shaggy] Buss a shot fi di herbs man dem on yah From then we root up di good marijuana Di farmer, smoke fill di air like a sauna Weed smoke a roam a give yuh di good karma Nah choke yah, fire fi di cigarette smoker It a joke cau di sensi a burn we float yah Higher than di clouds we deh bout yah Babylon waan fi straight flush it but this yah a nuh poker Sekkle now, blast pick up di ting don't mek dem tek oonu Cau from dem see yuh wid a spliff dem suspect oonu Stress oonu, right haffi read before dem tek oonu Cau yuh know di law nuh protect oonu Food haffi mek yuh know, caan mek di shit still affect oonu See unda di rdar nuh mek dem detect oonu Inspect oonu, seems like babylon dem nuh respect oonu Tek heed di warnin Selassie I bless oonu [Bridge: Collie Buddz] Finally di herbs come around, come around, come around, come around... [Verse 4: Aztec] Yeah! One shot for the gangstas one shot for the hustlers Tira por la raza, gettin' high like a rasta A.K.'s with the fifty round drum The Ch-ch-ch-ch-chopper goes ra pom pom pmo boy! So who waan romp with me? The wolfpack run these fuckin streets ok! So, what you 'gon say? Who waan play? I hit hard papi Aztec bumbaye Jey! Now do as I do, do as I say And we don't have problems if you do it my way Uh! Pistol torn heaven right after the blunts light up Let me get one more puff lord I be right up [Bridge: Collie Buddz] Finally di herbs come around, come around, come around, come around... [Verse 5: Ray Cash] Nothin less than a hundred pounds I'm known to smoke heavy but yet and still it goes down Connectin' with the pounds of the good kush and good haze Good weed keeps me high, same time, keeps me paid Sweet sweet sensi mixed with blueberries and grapefruits Gobble up that fruit salad Wash it down with Grey Goose Cheapest price in the city if you need that direction Them dope boys love me (Love me) They smoke that steady fetti My eyes are, heavy, shoulders, lean On that, Dro like, boing-oing-oing-oing Talkin, slow like, nah, mean Resources is that purple, I blow it by the circle Look, I know the tin man, the real tin man (Nigga, you Cash?) No, really, we close friends, man And my homey Gill got his ass across the border I've been waitin five days and today I got my order Like finally......... [Chorus: Collie Buddz] Finally di herbs come around Di hygrade weh mi look fah mi get it by di pound yeah When Collie Buddz come around A pure ganja man tune just a lick dem from di sound yeah Finally di herbs come around Di hygrade weh man a look fah mi stock it by di pound yeah When babylon a come around Ask dem weh dem a go search fah? The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: D12 f/ B-Real Album: D12 World Song: American Psycho II Typed by: ava_azn@yahoo.com [B-Real] Yeah homie I thought we told we been fuckin' loco Cypress Hill, D12 bitch [Hook: B-Real] I'm a little bit off the chain, call me insane But the fact remains that I'm a psycho Better get it through your brain When you say my name, never say it in vain cause I'm a psycho [Bizarre] We fuckin' crazy We'll fuckin' snap in a minute bitch [Swifty McVay] I'm a motherfuckin' omen, I bow down to no man Split a nigga open, killin' folks compulsive A soldier with a motive, scrotum big as boulders I hold 'em then unload on you, put it on a poster So everyone can notice who was focused on us Pokin' they nose in our business, hopin' that I don't come smoke 'em No one knows my notions or emotions, I'm a vulture You niggaz close to croakin' any moment and I know when I could fuck the culture up, probably rap A maniac wit' anxiety attacks, I don't wanna chat Speak when you spoken to And I don't have to read a fuckin' magazine or quotable To notice what you ho's will do [Kuniva] We all soldiers We move as a unit, we all roll up And show up at your residence, light your front door up Get scared, life ain't fair And I'm prepared to blast you just as fast as Dre can say "Hell yeah" So watch what you say cause it can happen either today or the next minute I can draw the heater and spray and I'm dead serious You could be dead period, end of story I'm on your porch wit' a gun and your son, sippin' a forty Nobody can hold me, I does it all by my lonely I stomp your head when you awake, you be looking like Gumby Aftermath and Shady bitch, you can read it and weep You see my poster in the 'hood for the "G of the Week" [Hook: B-Real (Swifty McVay)] I'm a little bit off the chain, call me insane But the fact remains that I'm a psycho (heh, you know what? I am crazy, heh, it' hell, haha) Better get it through your brain When you say my name, never say it in vain cause I'm a psycho (heh, nigga I'm 'bout to snap at any minute nigga evacuate) [Bizarre] They found Saddam, but they ain't gonna find me I'll be under a tree in Buttfuck, Tennessee And I don't know too much about my daddy Except he spit in my face and fucked me in my fanny I ain't a racist, I just hate whites Fags and dykes, blacks and tranvestites Thirteen years old and joined a fuckin' gang Hair under my ass cheeks feeling the fuckin' pain Am I insane? Who really knows Cause any second my temper can fuckin' blow I get colder than December Black the fuck out, tomorrow won't even remember See Bizarre can show you what violence is all about And this Dr. Dre beat done brought it the fuck out Run in your house and put a gun in your mouth And blow your brains the fuck out [Eminem] I probably got a screw loose or two, or maybe three or four of 'em Some fell out and hit the floor All I know is ever since my fuckin' head hit the snowbank I been a little Neanderthalish, no thanks to my man D'Angelo Bailey But I just take it slow daily, my biggest dilemma's Tryin' to figure whether to use the flat head or the Phillips Or just go to the Home Depot and pick the new power drill up Gives me two hours and six days and I'm still up I feel like I'm about to snap any minute There's a new Tower Records about to stop and get a fill-up Pick the new Cypress Hill up And go find who did that shit to Xzibit And go fill up a whole liquor bottle with piss And shatter his fuckin lips wit' it [Hook: B-Real] I'm a little bit off the chain, call me insane But the fact remains that I'm a psycho Better get it through your brain When you say my name, never say it in vain cause I'm a psycho [Kuniva] Cornell Pitts a.k.a. Bugz Rest in peace homie The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Da Lench Mob f/ B-Real Album: Guerillas in Tha Mist Song: Ain't Got No Class Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash 	"We'll shut this motherfucker DOWN!" (2X) [B-Real] Yo, this is B-Real from Cypress Hill kickin it with the motherfuckin Lench Mob Showin yo' ass, that you ain't got no class [J-Dee] Everytime I see you (whassup) you always on a mission You're up too early in the mornin to go fishin Wishin you can catch you somebody slippin so you can sell his shit, and go get you a hit when you need to be at home with your god damn children That's why your landlord wants you out the buildin cause you haven't paid your rent in six months You got rats and roaches and your kids've got the mumps cause you like to spend your checks on bumps I saw your little boys eatin oatmeal lumps My oh my, I wish you was my father cause I'd take your ass out and wouldn't even bother tellin them I did it - yeah fool I did it Pops kept smokin so I had to end that bullshit This ain't a story bout a kid from a broken home It's all about a son, who father that was gone So if you're out there and you're lookin for a blast I'ma blast cause you ain't got no class Chorus: B-Real Ain't got no class.. (Stucky Mack) Ain't got no class.. (Stuck-y-Mack) Ain't got no class.. (Stucky Mack) Ain't got no class.. (Stuck-y-Mack) [J-Dee] In my neighborhood, there's a girl named Sonya For a hit and some (??) you're guaranteed to bone her The funky-ass aroma, comin from her crouch I see why +Mama Said Knock You Out+ Now this is a shame, to seen a girl look this way I been everywhere, ain't it only in, L.A. Not only do I see 'em, I always try to greet 'em I say do you have some kids? (Hell yeah!) Feed 'em Cause I remember one thing that Mom Duke told me "Never let a motherfuckin kid be, hongry" Went into my pockets, and got a twenty dollar bill I said, "Go buy your motherfuckin kids a Happy Meal" and followed her to Mickey D's and made sure she bought the shit And if she wouldn'ta man I swear to God I woulda hurt the bitch Threw her ass in the ditch where the crackhead at cause the bitch, ain't got no class Chorus: B-Real Ain't got no class.. (Stucky Mack) Ain't got no class.. (Stuck-y-Mack) Ain't got no class.. (Stucky Mack) No the bitch ain't got no class (Stucky-fuckin-Mack) [J-Dee talking over chorus] It's a damn shame Smoked up her kid's money Boy can't even eat [J-Dee] You come home fucked up, with the basshead calls Kids got no lunch money cause you smoked it all up You get your first period, stomach just growlin Look outside, the teacher think that it's thunderin but it's not thunder it's your little boy's tummy Now don't it make you feel like a motherfuckin dummy? He can't feed hisself, and his moms can't either Basehead parents; man we don't really need 'em Especially if they smokin and the home is broken at nutrition time, my niggaz be like jokin Sayin that I'm bummy, I'm thinkin bout my tummy I'm hungry as FUCK and moms smoked up our bucks Now I gotta do her with a slug (Stucky Mack) Now I gotta do her like a thug (buck buck buck!) Now I gotta go, shoot up the drug spots Mr. Police, could you please take my mug shot Three hots in the cot for my ass cause my moms, ain't got no class Chorus: B-Real Ain't got no class.. (Stucky Mack) Ain't got no class.. (Stuck-y-Mack) Ain't got no class.. (Stucky Mack) No moms ain't got no class Ain't got no class.. (Stucky Mack) Ain't got no class.. (Stucky-fuckin-Mack) Ain't got no class.. (Stucky Mack) No moms ain't got no class [B-Real] Ain't that right J-Dee? She need to get on with her sorry ass Beitch! 	"We'll shut this motherfucker DOWN!" (4X) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: De La Soul f/ B-Real Album: AOI: Bionix Song: Peer Pressure Typed by: compbuttons@hotmail.com Uh uh uh Everywhere I go (What happens) People ask me (What, what) Yo dealer, you smoke weed (No doubt) And I just tell em' YEAH! Two weeks later, they smokin' weed That's what I'm talkin' about I ain't here to tell you not to smoke weed Everybody get high I'm here to apply the pressure You, you, you and you You and you (Especially you) Come down to the den I got some shit that'll blow ya mind [Hook: B-Real] Come here my peer, let me apply the pressure, the pressure Come here my peer, let me apply the pressure, the pressure [Dave] Yo, what up my nigga (Yeah, what up with your world) Ain't shit, just got off the cell with this girl (So far) Yeah B you know what we about to do (What the hey) Come on nigga puff it too, yeah right [B-Real] Honey draws bees like dookie draws flies Just like the weed draws me to get high Now I'm not tryin' to bend ya arm I just want you to take a hit off the bong That's all (Just one hit man) [Pos] Come on cool it, I'm not foolish Quit pullin' my leg baitin' me like cob My name ain't Craig and I ain't lost my job Don't mind be odd from out the bunch And y'all cornerin' me ain't stoppin' me from doin' it (If puffin' so bad, why everybody doin' it) Man everybody doin' it (Yo come take a puff, style is real) [B-Real] Let it take ya whole style and feed it (Go ahead with that man) [Hook] [B-Real] I got the funk to blow ya mind (Blow ya mind) I got some shit to blow ya mind (Blow ya mind, blow ya mind) I got the funk to blow ya mind (Blow ya mind) I got some shit to blow ya mind (Blow ya mind, blow ya mind) [Dave] Come on Y'all are actin' like this shit is supposed to raise me to the clouds [B-Real] Shit the clips we smokin' on would make Bob Marley proud And he was one of the illest [Dave] Shit one of the illest ever (He smoked mad trees and still remained clever I guess ya right [B-Real] Ain't no need to guess, put it to the test Ask ya questions alphabetically [Pos] OK, hypothetically if I do take a hit Do I necessarily have to be tastin' your spit I mean shit I ain't shared a straw since the fourth grade [B-Real] But don't chu' know chick like to smoke and get laid Don't be a dunce it ain't gonna hurt you once Quit bein' a punk Go ahead and hit the fuckin' blunt [Dave] But will it take a long time to recover (Depends on the brother or sis who's puffin') Hey stop that bluffin' like you givin' a survey And let us serve the hay And get yo mind alligned to the ways [B-Real] Of the master [Pos] Man I seen a cast a spell To many brain cells and sane cells A lead to fulfill wants and needs I heard it's like a gateway to doin' more than weed [B-Real] Man I love my relationship, I'm no quitter Mary Jane's my first love and I'ma stick with her [Pos] And when I feel paranoid [Dave] All ya questions is void unless ya try Come on man for once get high [B-Real] I got the shit to blow ya mind (Blow ya mind) I got the shit to blow ya mind (Blow ya mind, blow ya mind) I got some shit to blow ya mind (Blow ya mind, blow ya mind) [B-Real] Hey you don't gotta do anything ya don't wanna It's not gonna change you or ruin your persona [Pos] Yeah but what if I can't stop Shit I ain't with bein' no addict (Cut that shit out) [B-Real] Man, please tell him to stop bein' so dramatic Just take a hit and let the weed do the trick [Pos] But will this make me sick [B-Real] Come on, quit actin' like a bitch I can blaze the weed and you can make excuses Now ya gonna smell the smoke my greenest weed produces You'd probably like the smell too, ya probably wouldn't admit it You'd probably wanna hit too (Come on man quit it) Ya clearly in denial (Yo this shit ain't my style) How do you know come on, let us give you a trial Let's put chu' at ease with these trees Power to heal, put cha' mind at peace Yeah, increase the level of the highness My miss express accumulatin' through ya blindness (Come on man hit this shit) [Hook] [B-Real] I got the shit to blow ya mind (Blow ya mind) I got the shit to blow ya mind (Blow ya mind, blow ya mind) I got some shit to blow ya mind (Blow ya mind, blow ya mind) Let me say something Just started smokin' (Please don't smoke too much) But uh to all my smokers (Smoke it up) Yeah, let's get em' Apply pressure, apply the pressure Apply pressure, let's get em' y'all Apply pressure The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Delinquent Habits f/ Sen Dog Album: Here Come the Horns Song: Shed a Tear Typed by: ske_36@hotmail.com [Verse 1] I see them punk putos they coolin' by the lockers Sellin' crystal to their women fine freaks turned flaca Your lady say she love you but you locked inside I heard you slipped they caught you rollin' with some dope in your ride Your lady said she'll wait love don't come cheap She'd rather see in the pinta than six feet deep But can't she see that in the pinta you're a soldier They take ya break ya make ya and mold ya Turn you into somethin' way loco hard Surviving scraps and jacks earning your stripes on the yard Every night thinking about the good ol days Look at the picture of your ruca on the wall and pray say Por favor perdon a pecado won't you come into and save me y sabes que I'm feelin' hollow So look into your saviors eyes and see tears Shed for you loco and all these years I shed a tear for the vato locked down and then I shed a tear for his girl waitin' to see him again It's so hard mi vida but I still try Workin' hard to make a difference before I die [Verse 2] Freakas of the funk yo it's the funk freakas The dog's out the yard and he's loud in your speakas Stompin' with my compas or should I say my back up Crusing in the Impala countin' feria that we stacked up Delinquents pick the slack up I be the first to act up Deal with all these puntos but first I fuck the track up Do what I got to do in the quest for the paper I don't give a fuck if it puts me in danger Dealin' with the anger that everyone has Sometimes it makes me feel like a psychopath I put it on tape and you know I won't lie I'll be down with the Habits even after I die I shed a tear for you vatos won't you change your ways I shed a tear for you vatos in these last days It's so hard mi vida but I still try Workin' hard to make a difference before I die [Verse 3] There must be 50 ways to break it down ya'll There must be 50 ways to let you know But now they come like what's up muthafuckas it's best to move back Click clack goes the cuete snap goes the neck From your canton right up to my canton It seems that everybody wanna be el mas chingon We move alone or in packas collect ferria in stockas We got no love for them ratas chest flesh full of placas And would you strike me down will I feel the wrath To protect my own another's life is lost in the aftermath No indecisions mind state makin' moves with precision See the good turn bad and confirm that I'm livin' Between Heaven and Hell this be the gloomy old West Where many souls get lost and many more lie to rest I shed a tear for the vatos in street that's dyin' I shed a tear for the mamas that's at home cryin' It's so hard mi vida but I still try Workin' hard to make a difference before I die The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Delinquent Habits f/ Hurricane G, Sen Dog Album: Delinquent habits Song: Underground Connection Typed by: latino_velvet@hotmail.com [ Intro ] [ Hurricane G ] What up ? What up ? Ye Yea.. East Coast west Coast flavor in the muthafucking house Hurricane G and the muthafucking Delinquent habits And we ain't having it, so what nigga ?  You wannga get bucked bring the rock Cuz' we don't give a muthafuck!!! What the fuck? I said What the fuck!?  What the fuck!? What the muthafuck?!? Yeah [ Hurricane G ]  Hurricane G, comin through with the Tres Delinquents Por mi gente, strapped with fuertes Blowin' the spot, making shit caliente Wreaking MCs like Tito Puentes Beating drums, flipping flows in different thongues Leaving all you muthafuckas sprung Without giving up the chocha My lyrics, is enough to make you loco, maricon! My shit is packed like chicharon Fuckin' MCs up like Ron Niggas, shakin' more ass than strippers! For all my bitches and niggas Im sellin' records, like thugs sellin' drugs It's gettin' mad love, cuz I bring the real Shit is tight, and a bad cream for my skin Muthafucka What? I don't give a fuck!! You can bring the rock we can get bucked what!? [ Chorus ] X 2 Muthafucka what? I don't give a fuck!! You can bring the rock, we can get bucked, what? I dont give a fuck, you can bring the rock We can get bucked! What? [ Yves ] I turned down the base, start to kickin up the treble Put the music in my earphones, so I can check my level Tu no sabes que es la mierda comin out your speaka It's the Tres Delinquentes, Sen Dog y la Boricua I don't be braggin', That drama's for your mom But this collaboration right here, it's the bomb And when Ives's comes to party, starts to sway g Bomb styles, poppin' Improv and [ ... ] Pays me,  Chingaso, when your cold hard and when I [ ... ] To clean your crap, leave your punk-ass retarded The one, to the two, to the three delinquentes Sen Dog, Hurricane G to your frente [ Sen Dog ] High as a kite, it's the capitan pinga loca With a fifth of bacardi and a brain full of mota Representin' all the cliqua from the southside And any fuckin' body who tha Brownpride Takin' back to the avenue me mocho pa' mi gente con la Hurricane G y los vatos delinquentes El cubano marijuano que te deja taranteado Been down since '83, DVX con mi hermano I know you didn't think I would stop makin' rollas I gots to entertain all the vatos and the cholas So take it to the neighborhood and spread it on the calle Que al perro negro, no le vale madre!! [ Chorus ] X2 [ Kemo the Blaxican ] The latin season thats the reason, homeboy For all the flavor thats on the table The blaxican once again, so just as quick and fable Im strangling mics, from el Lunes to Domingo Te chingo, te digo el gringo's got my back, the lingo bringo No mas o menos, simply stacks up the tracks So sip the [...]  Porque el ritmo pega duro like a kick to your sack Y si me miras en los ojos recojo puro respeto  Y las palabras de mi boca empezaron en los cesos Asi lo ves homeboy, I putting it down thats con mi cliqua Hurricane, Sen Dog, Delinquents blowin' up your speaka Otra vez, ya lo ves, somos tres Bring the rock thats how it is... Cuz' I don't give a fuck! [ Chorus ] X2 ... Bitch!!! *This was made out of respect for the rappers in this song please feel free to correct any mistakes I made* The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Dilated Peoples f/ B-Real Album: The Platform Song: No Retreat Typed by: jason_ray@mindspring.com "Till the end of...No surrender and no retreat" "No surrender and no retreat" "No surrender and no retreat" "N-N-No surrender and no retreat" "No surrender and no retreat" "No surrender No No surrender no surrender and no retreat" "Y'all ready?" [Evidence] Yo, aiyo potent Straight up with the force to keep fighting Samson, Atlas, Colossus, Ti-tan In the dark night the torch steady lightens I'm strong, cast iron heart of the lion A mighty foundation to a tower of power With the energy needed to turn the seed into a flower Fortified type, sturdy sound constructions make rappers duck down Like I'm Boogie Down Productions (Boop Boop Boop Boop) I can tell they're weak, delicate It ain't hard to sell when I speak Over rock-hard breaks (breaks!) never riddle little beats See me on rap city B-E-T spit graffiti Present a full section of flavors thats robust Dilated Peoples my brother we gon' crush Leave up support, insulate your stage I got self control but can't hold the rage Many ya products, gimmicks wit' time limits I give you what you want plus put my mind in it Rocka Iriscience trained to go the length Finding all terrain thin tanked in full strength "No surrender and no retreat" Chorus [Evidence] Stand my ground dig in with both feet No surrender no turning no cheat no retreat Stand my ground dig in with both feet No surrender no turning no cheat no retreat Stand my ground dig in with both feet No surrender no turning no cheat no retreat Stand my ground dig in with both feet "No surrender and no retreat" [Evidence] Uh, uh, yo, worldwide From great heights we take perish by night And lay by day from sonic doodalay espy tight Twelve hundad tech me sharp cut and free Detonate the drums heat the plastique thats a dangerous man Who can speak with his hands Watered down lyrics on dirty tracks turned to sand To sink in better watch the the X that you inkin'  Or on so disrespect and step on my lawn Pass the gate insulate till sound deton's Twelve ten and debt never met chapter eleven My fam's my strength my pops I got my aim from ????????????????????????? One's for breath, the rest as you feel it Fuck what you've done you've got skills reveal it Team with Iriscience pro's with flows I risk my life on flights for hype shows Rest assure vaccines are far from cures And plant some new shit that hit me two weeks into tour But I'll adapt guaranteed make it through Evidence, Iriscience and my man Babuuuu Worldwide "Dilated" "I told all these corny mothafuckas what a no retreat sound like" Chorus [Evidence] [B-Real] Never givin' up never givin' in never holdin' back never runnin' No cowardly acts dumpin' no retreat Constantly moving ahead ??? Psychological diabolical shrimp filleted it eat ya Now I hate it cuz the flavor is gone cater to those Lyrics are bomb savor the shows wait for the pro's Beats made it with flows hated by foe's Never surrender your soul and rope with the cold Others are makin' but sadly mistakin' the straight broke In the end with no cheddar of bacon thats left poked Pictures afloat over remote notes and potent mic's Break you up put you in the pipe light you up To the night, shadows are runnin' around peepin step out of bounds And watch a nigga get put to sleep But never recover never surrender  I know you hate it quit us get eliminated Fuckin' with Dilated "No surrender and no retreat" "No surrender and no retreat" "No surrender and no retreat" "N-N-No surrender and no retreat" "Ha! Hahaha" "Ha Two Thousand" The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DJ Muggs f/ Cypress Hill Album: Soul Assassins Song: Battle of 2001 Typed by: OHHLA.com Initiate, *?my ruffians bring like attack?* It's the first line of defence, imminence combat As I look up into the cold black sky I see the birds of destruction fly by Convey the Code Red and begin arming all nuclear warheads (Alert all civilians, there's no time to waste) Embrace all the data within the home base The virus is spreading at a maximum pace Eliminating all traces of the human race (Commander, the enemy has begun to infiltrate!) Send the word and spread it (Let's get the fuck outta here!) thru all the southern states Activate self-destruct, elimination is imminent Stabilise your positions The spirit of God is infinite Women and children take shelter The enemy is upon us All personnel, man your battle stations Code Red! I repeat, Code Red! We are bein over ran by hostile forces Need assistance! Is anybody receiving this message? .........This transmission...over!........... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DJ Muggs & Planet Asia f/ B-Real Album: Pain Language Song: Lions In the Forrest Typed by: DaSun Akbar [Planet Asia] Yo, slap-box 52, hand combat, man down Now you getting treated like a liquid youth Pearl handle, black ruger popping up It's the return of the Trench Coat Mafia You got a clique but I bet they won't die for ya Last nigga that fronted I moved more Khadafi them I'm busting lead in, Armageddon, God is seven Top of the dome is embedded I set it, step in the realms and get sweat it My foes get beheaded, live wit no edits, shred it  Negative thoughts about the G-O-D you betta dead it Cuz that's bad credit All night me on the mic is athletic High heights seeing my sight is like heaven Fire fly, flying higher flights a bad weather Whateva, get it together, my neck leather Once again welcome to the fucking next level Metal plus nada, stretch limousine Machine guns running up wit 26 fillings Fuck everything tho, we fight for the children (Chorus) Planet Asia 2x Ten steps - draw - who want war? Raise your swords and prepare for the Lords Running around like 'Lions In the Forrest' But we came to conquer the lands just like wars [Planet Asia] I'm throwing blind guillotines for Philistine Came wit an iller team to run up in ya castle and kill ya King I'm doing my thing, dance wit the Lord in the rain Standing firm in the square like Butterbean I'm hotter then Shambhala Draw swords, perform makada Rude boy shot up the top dolla I'm not a fake ass that's not solid I got it, to say I'm the hottest is just modest My asses could melt down anything So anything in my lane mane, I'm killing it Two bottles of jewels, once spooned an ignorant It's the vigilant spit, chemist is injuring Any chump wanna act bigger then I --- Is getting victimized and that's minimum Emcees who wanna compete, I'll take ten of 'em Clowns in the streets want heat, I got dillinger's And that's how it really goes Soak if I'm really wit it And stop looking at the mothafucking videos Choose yo weapon, my tools is lesson True connection, wrong, you lost all your profession (Chorus) Planet Asia 2x [B-Real] Let the rhythm hit 'em, chew 'em up, spit 'em out Get 'em out, let's see if the barrel will fit in his mouth Hear the lion roar, watchu crying for? Don't let the hot gates open the iron door I'm the king of the jungle, so ready to rumble Gun shots put the room on humble I flip beats and make the words tumble And flip bricks and not sleep on a bundle Claiming you raw off the chain, homie I'm off the board Dunk in yo face; I'm the Lord of War I'm so much more; you bitches will neva step up I neva let up, you fuckas will neva get up Ice in my veins, ice on my chains I'm nice in the lane, think twice 'fore you range Shoot around like Tice in the game, you crap out Break your bones when I make you tap out (Chorus) Planet Asia 2x The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DJ Muggs vs. Planet Asia f/ B-Real (Cypress Hill), Omar Cruz Album: Pain Language b/w 9MM 12" Song: Pain Language (Remix) Typed by: no1wammy@hotmail.com [Planet Asia] It's kind of insane, ain't it But naw, this is pain language [DJ Muggs] Check one two... Pain Language, official remix... O. Cruz... B-Real... Planet Asia... Soul Assassins, Gold Chain Music... B.Y.I., motherfucker... Pain language 2008, all day long, live from Los Angeles, California, motherfucker... Soul Assassins... Yo B-Real, kick this shit, homie... Come on... [Verse 1: B-Real] If you feel the anguish Let me tell you what the aim is, to introduce you to pain language You want beef But don't know what you started for Call me Sun Tzu, gifted in The Art Of War Talk is cheap We don't say much We beat 'em with the heater and leave 'em bleedin' in such You understand You run the man And God damn, you ain't Alisa Nathan like Alice In Wonderland The pain is real, and my stainless steal Has a mind of its own, once on, it's brain is killed Break your jaw, we break your wheel Take the boy to the E.R., his blood got spilt And come from the block where the glocks pop constantly We the real shit, you bitches are wannabes What you wanna be doing is gettin' out of here The motto of the assassin Put a bullet in his ear Chorus: Planet Asia I ain't playin' Ay yo, somebody better pay him I might just run at your spot And start sprayin' With the thang wavin' It's kind of insane, ain't it But naw, this is pain language Repeat Chorus [DJ Muggs] Omar Cruz, let's do this... [Verse 2: Omar Cruz] Lyrical don, Los Angeles (???) street disciple The shit I'm on, is ghetto Qu'rar barrio bible Hood scriptures My spit develop pictures I make the (???) of the life, you rappin' mega pixels God save us, my wells, won't buy the bravest Some worship in Allah Some worship fashion labels My holy water, I drink it like cases of beer And I ain't (???) to tellin' us all the end is near That's why I carry a semi in every sentence The hand of God, protect me, you wanna fly, then test me I give you wings for all the pain that I see You a angel now So bitch, sing Repeat Chorus Twice [Verse 3: Planet Asia] Who's the nicest, the truth is that If it was known, half of y'all would have a middle-aged crisis As I write this, I wrote this, I think Of the sacrifice it took and all the doors that was ever opened And I'm the hottest thing smokin' Soak it in and get your heart broken Look Fuck moapin' I'm leavin' with a bag of tokens So try to find another ash you can blow your smoke in I'm somebody you better know Heavyweight in the game is busy with the schedule And the streets told me to never come regular Now everything I do is incredible It's on, nigga Repeat Chorus Twice [DJ Muggs] Shoutouts to B-Real... Shoutouts to Gold Chain Music... Shoutouts to Envy Studios... B.Y.I. all day... Soul Assassins up in this motherfucker, you know what I mean... Shoutouts to DJ Skee... DJ Khalil, DJ Warrior, Mr. Cartoon... Big Scandalous... The homie Tony Diamond... Young Flaco... The homie Lulu... B.Y.I., Soul Assassins, Gold Chain Music all motherfuckin' day... It's that pain language, motherfucker... Tell a friend, homeboy... [Planet Asia] It's kind of insane, ain't it But naw, this is pain language The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DJ Quik f/ B-Real Album: Trauma Song: Fandango Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [10 second instrumental to open] [DJ Quik] You might find me in the Century Club Fresh kicks, fresh cut, pocket full of dubs Box of Altoids for my paranoid niggaz actin foul Stop smokin if you can't be proud Adult star night, not another bar fight Inglewood players actin right in the spotlight Me I'm righter than invisible set I'm visibly wet, slurrin and I'm lookin for my pet I pass to the massa with her whip on her, ask her If she sippin wit'cha bird, if she not we move past her And I ain't hatin I'm just diggin ya ass girl Is that the collagen shot, is that what'cha momma got? I'm so rugged, bullet wound in back of the axe handle blunt force trauma kinda tuggin And I ain't never been what the cat drug on B-Real Quik's to keep ya mean muggin California clownin, bounce to sundown In the moonlight groovin, trippin off the saloon fight We Fandango, the next day hangover got me feelin like I hit a train with my Range Rover [Chorus: B-Real] Feel free to lose your mind, let'cha brain go Fuck the tango do the Fandango Triple step, right left, then you let'cha dame go Spin around 'til you get a hangover Take your doo rag off, let your brain grow Fuck the tango do the Fandango Triple step, right left, then you let'cha man go Spin around 'til you get a hangover [B-Real] Watch me climb out the whip with the bird on my hip She wanna set it off in the club, don't trip We crack a bottle and all my fam take a sip Any haters wanna pop at the lip, we come equipped We get the paper and the savor the flavor but never forget about the haters who constantly imitate us Homey we creators and players and rhyme sayers for layers of words, let me say it in terms that you can understand So clearly, you feelin me fam? She's on the floor cause of my homey Quik man And she hits the mall but you don't really understand Yeah I seen it before but now it's gettin out of hand Mami's diggin for more, and she's posin for the cam Little beef got the dancefloor slammed No tango, straight Fandango Birds flock to us like heads to Kangols, c'mon [DJ Quik] I'm a master in disguise, movin swiftly to the thighs Move faster than me, then I recognize That I ain't really got nuttin to hide But the bratwurst skinny girl second, fat girls first And Compton is still on my mind I remember when we used to get scared when they got behind us One-time sayin they been tryin to find us But they got the wrong niggaz, never mind us My tongue tumbles like I'm bumblebee stung Rip out the stinger, you keep talkin shit I whip out the ringer How many times does it have to end right before 12:00 A.M., why you packin a Slim Jim? I gets down on the mic like I rode down on a bike Road rash, skin peelin tonight The club ain't never crackin 'til the haters be gone We need to build the eliminator hater light, and put it on 'em The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Down/Kilo f/ B-Real (Cypress Hill) Album: Definition of an Ese Song: Just Like You Typed by: no1wammy@hotmail.com Chorus: [B-Real] I'm a drinker, I'm a thinker, homey [Down] Just like you [B-Real] I'm a sinner and a winner, ese [Down] Just like you [B-Real] Gettin' money, no dummy, homey [Down] Just like you [B-Real] On the grind, from my shine, ese    Just like you [Down] And my peoples hold me down, holmes [B-Real] Just like you [Down] It's 805, til I die, homey [B-Real] Just like you [Down] And my jefita love her baby boy [B-Real] The girls do too [Down] That's why I gotta get the paper, homey [B-Real] Just like you [Down] (Verse 1) 'Fore the days of a young'n, I learned to count my cash Only then, (???) what I kept in the stash I get turned on the block, got my game from my elders Working part time and such, with the neighborhood elders But I knew, back then, I was a hustler for real When I sold to a elder His own piece of steel I was twelve years old, I had to grind on my own Chippin' up cable boxes in them big block phones I was raised on the block around rock cocaine I understand figures early, why you'se playing with train That's why you hear big Down, I got them big boys on it Cause I break bread for real and make 'em on Repeat Chorus (Verse 2) From the hood, to the stage, it's the same old game So either, you come correct, or put a stain on your name And I ain't the one to do it, hustle runs in my blood So I go hood to hood Gettin' it, givin' up That's the way it's s'pposed to be I ain't trippin' on shit I got feria, machate, and about three whips That's just the way that I do And I ain't messin' with you And if you lookin' for the drama, we could do that too My vaqueros is ready, they keep the heat in the valley Or stacked Somewhere up in the dash or a Chevy I'm on my way to the top You try to slow me down I guess I'm not like you if that's how you get down Repeat Chorus (Verse 3) I'm still with my team, homey, just like you And I'm still gettin' cream, homey, just like you Got my kids and my crib, homey, just like you And I'm still down for mine, ese, just like you Come against me, if you want it, dude, I'm just like you I got a smooth, trigger finger, homey, just like you And I can do just about everything like you Except act like a bitch, homey, like you do Now if you really wanna see come through like you It's gonna take a couple mil And I still won't do I'm just here with my crew Homey, just like you Still down like a motherfucker, just like you Repeat Chorus [B-Real] That's right Big up to the homey, Willie Malo Sen Dog Kid Frost Yeah, that's right, me and Down are doin' it like that B-Real Audio Hustlers That's right We just like you, motherfuckers When you see us in the streets, you better remember that Yo, Down Take us the fuck outta here, homey Just like you The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Dr. Dre f/ Group Therapy (B-Real, KRS-One, Nas, RBX) Album: The Aftermath Song: East Coast/West Coast Killas East coast *killer*, West coast *killer* (repeat 8X) Verse One: RBX While childish MC's battle over coastal fronts  I come with no fronts and smash in monkey fronts If you want to be evil like Knieval then jump I guarantee your punk ass catch the speed lump The tactics, extract, morbid thoughts from the mental custom designed, for instrumental Yes indeedy, lyrical graffiti And this one's a burner, baby Truck, like Toyata driven True and livin drivin with the gat Uhh, pop the clutch, let the Cold Crush rush Then I flush wack material That's if I don't mash them all to mush Hush, let me burst, dare I gush Cock-diezel cuts Lyrical arsenal equivalent to arsenic East coast *killer*, West coast *killer* (repeat 4X) Verse Two: KRS-One Yo, why do they make me wanna ruin they career? Before I bust your shit let's get one thing clear Don't provoke Kris no joke this I don't ride no rapper's nutsac yo I stay focused Beefin without skills seekin will only weaken The artist speakin over beats and, you be cheatin Cacaphony of small talent rappers, claimin a coast over instrumentals, ain't got no real street credentials Here come the philosopher hip-hopppin ya correctly Ignorant ass MC's continue to tempt me Lyrics be empty like Alcatraz cellblock Too many MC's rappin causin lyrical gridlock Lyrical syllables interlock in my voicebox Yet I'm still unknown like the X on Sadat Just your typical, non-topical Flex the optical illusion weak metaphoric style you be usin I check one-two's and who's in the house Like shit your lyrics ooze out ya mouth Whattyou think this is? KRS-One from the Bronx kid! East coast *killer*, West coast *killer* (repeat 8X) Welcome to the New World Order You are now under martial law All constituional rights have been suspended Verse Three: B-Real The most scandalous, cut the bad apple, we can handle this Coast trippin goin on through out the business East Coast West Coast anybody killer! I don't give a fuck where you from I'ma Killa Hill-er I got crews on both sides together Deeper than the ocean and down for whatever Fool I can roll through any block from Central to Westland Avenue, without my glock But some niggaz can't survive on both sides So they try and break off, eliminate ties Fools got to get wise, better realize True, enemy lies killin in the highrise office, analyzing the song Look at them red niggaz, don't even get along Kill that noise, four niggaz bringin the skill Mad caps get peeled if you oppose the Hill Yeah that's right fool, you know who, the mighty Group Therapy The mighty mighty Aftermath brigade, letting all you sound boys know You're not ready to rumble or test this Kill that noise! East coast *killer*, West coast *killer (repeat 8X) Verse Four: Nas Now when I bomb like Sadaam, the world feels The Wrath of Khan Desert Storm in this modern day Babylon I be the twelve disciples strap arms All black on running your spot hit the safe and I'm gone Like a thief wrong, I keep the long 38 warm Silent and calm, and blackout when the beef is on Focus on your rap holsters, notice I'm evil like the Exorcist to the locusts Ferocious thoughts, are mergin at night Like Jehovah towards the virgin in white I'm wrapped in a turban for spite Like a Israelite snatchin hoes up, my flow's up When the fuckin world blows up throw your hands up It's a holdup, frontin like you down for the real to make a meal, but when plan fold, nigga you squeal like Heavy Heel, but what's the fuckin deal? East coast *killer* West coast *killer* (repeat 16X) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Dr. Dre f/ Group Therapy (B-Real, KRS-One, Nas, RBX, Scarface) Album: I Been There, I Done That 12" Song: East Coast/West Coast Killas (Remix) Typed by: dy_face@hotmail.com [Intro: Dr. Dre as The Vice President] Gentlemen!! ~ We have a problem  That hath the potential; to become a very serious problem! The Eastcoast and Westcoast seperation Is exactly the weapon our enemies need to destroy our empire (*Echoes*) So what we need to do! ~ is bring together Some of the biggest, strongest and smartest fustiest in the millennium And this will be the begining of The Aftermath! (*Echoes*) [Duet chorus: Dr. Dre & Scarface X2] East coast "killer" - West coast "killer" East coast "killer" - West coast "killer" East coast "killer" - West coast "killer" East coast "killer" - West coast "killer" KILL THAT NOISE!! ---> MC Shan [Interlude #1: RBX] The Mighty mighty Aftermath, hath now just forced to rise Ha ha ha ha ha, indeed, indeed [Verse One: RBX] While childish MC's battle over coastal fronts  I come with no fronts and smash in monkey fronts If you want to be evil like Knieval then jump I guarantee your punk ass catch the speed lump The tactics, extract, morbid thoughts from the mental Custom designed, for instrumental Yes indeedy, lyrical graffiti And this one is a burner, baby Truck, like Toyata driven True and living, driving with the gat Uhh.. pop the clutch, let the Cold Crush rush Then I flush whack material That's if I don't mash them all to mush Hush, let me burst, dare I gush Cock-diesel cuts Lyrical arsenal equivalent to arsenic The Aftermath [Duet chorus: Dr. Dre & Scarface X2] East coast "killer" - West coast "killer" East coast "killer" - West coast "killer" KILL THAT NOISE!! ---> MC Shan East coast "killer" - West coast "killer" East coast "killer" - West coast "killer" KILL THAT NOISE!! ---> MC Shan [Verse Two: KRS-One] Yo, why do they make me wanna ruin they career? Before I bust this shit, let's get one thing clear Don't provoke Kris no joke this I don't ride no rapper's nutsack, yo, I stay focused Beefing without skills seeking will only weaken The artist speaking over beats and.. you be cheating Cause half of these non-talent rappers  Claiming a coast over instrumentals And got no real street credentials Here come the philosopher Hip-Hopping you correctly Ignorant ass MC's continue to attempt me Lyrics be empty like Alcatraz cellblock Too many MC's rapping causing lyrical gridlock Lyrical syllables interlock in my voicebox Yet I'm still unknown like the X on Sadat Cause your typical, non-topical Flex the optical illusion, weak metaphoric style you be using I check one-two's and who's in the house Like shit your lyrics ooze out your mouth What you think this is? ~ KRS-One from the Bronx kid! [Interlude #2: Dr. Dre]  Paranoidly giggling [Duet chorus: Dr. Dre & Scarface X2] East coast "killer" - West coast "killer" East coast "killer" - West coast "killer" KILL THAT NOISE!! ---> MC Shan East coast "killer" - West coast "killer" East coast "killer" - West coast "killer" KILL THAT NOISE!! ---> MC Shan [Interlude #3: Quote from unknown movie] Welcome to the New World Order You are now under martial law All constitutional rights had been suspended [Verse Three: B-Real] The most scandalous, cut the bad apple, we can handle this Coast tripping going on through out the business East Coast/West Coast anybody killer! I don't give a fuck where you from, I'ma Killa, Hill-er I got crews on both sides together Deeper than the ocean and down for whatever Fool, I can roll through any block From Central to Westland Avenue, without my glock But some niggaz can't survive on both sides So they try and break off, eliminate ties Fools got to get wise, better realize True, enemy lies killing in the highrise Office, analyzing the song Look at them Rap niggaz, don't even get along Kill that noise, four niggaz bringing the skill Mad caps get peeled, if you opposed the Hill [Interlude #4: RBX] Yeah, that's right fool, you know who  The mighty Group Therapy, the mighty mighty Aftermath brigade Letting all you sound boys know You're not ready to rumble or test this Kill that noise! [Duet chorus: Dr. Dre & Scarface X2] East coast "killer" - West coast "killer" East coast "killer" - West coast "killer" KILL THAT NOISE!! ---> MC Shan East coast "killer" - West coast "killer" East coast "killer" - West coast "killer" KILL THAT NOISE!! ---> MC Shan [Verse Forth: Nas] Now when I bomb like Sadaam, the world feels The Wrath of Khan Desert Storm in this modern day Babylon I be the twelve disciples strap arms All black on, running your spot, hit the safe and I'm gone Like a thief wrong, I keep the long 38 warm Silent and calm, and blackout when the beef is on Focus on your rap holsters, notice I'm evil like the Exorcist to the locusts Ferocious thoughts, are merging at night Like Jehovah towards the virgin in white I'm wrapped in a turban for spite Like a Israelite snatching whores up, my flow's up When the fucking world blows up (*Explosion*) Throw your hands up, it's a holdup Fronting like you down for the real; to make a meal But when plan fold, nigga, you squeal like Heavy Heel  [RBX:] Kill that Noise!!  [Nas:] But what's the fucking deal? [Real] Anybody killer!! [Duet chorus: Dr. Dre & Scarface X2] East coast "killer" - West coast "killer" East coast "killer" - West coast "killer" East coast "killer" - West coast "killer" East coast "killer" - West coast "killer" KILL THAT NOISE!! ---> MC Shan [Interlude #5: Dr. Dre] YEAH!! YEAH!! YEAH!! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Everlast f/ B-Real Album: Eat At Whitey's Song: Deadly Assassins Typed by: BigWills14@aol.com [Everlast] What, you think it can't happen? Soul Assassins, two-thousand, word It goes somethin' like this I'm Vision-Quest, Fresh Fest era terror Krush Groovie like a low budget movie I'm Wild Style like Lee Quiñones Stop ridin' on my cajones I talk with a speak that's much unique While you desperately seek for that Susie freak Yo, word to Rob One he used to like the big ladies My name's Everlast I started back in the eighties like All up in your nostril, actin' hostile, thirteenth apostle Going postal, holy ghost mode While you walkin' on the host strow actin' bicoastal Bitch, try to play the middle, snitch, wind up in the hospital Cat on a hot tin roof with no fiddle Put your money in the middle get broke like coal Two deadly assassins makin' the fall I'm Real, I'm Everlast and I'm takin' 'em all Just when you thought it was safe to make a tape Two deadly assassins sealin' your fate [B-Real] I spit out the fire you won't know what hit Watch me lace you up quicker than the joint gets lit I got years in this shit what do you got a couple? If you gotta hustle, what do you want, trouble? Lookin' at the two who go way back like chucks (way back) With a hand on the pump by the big black trucks (fools) You can't trust a soul in the City of Angels The strange hoes want a piece look at these lame hoes I stained those with hot blood and changed clothes And main fools who wanna rock the same clothes And use the same flows, these unoriginals Niggas, all of a sudden if anyone wants to run up You get chastised and baptised and blood When the gat lies it don't matter, you scatter You run, you ungrateful most hateful leech niggas Swallow in your misery I'm out of reach niggas Two deadly assassins makin' the fall I'm Real, I'm Everlast and I'm ready to brawl Just when you thought it was safe to make a tape Two deadly assassins sealin' your fate Two deadly assassins makin' the fall I'm Real, I'm Everlast and I'm takin' 'em all Just when you thought it was safe to make a tape Two deadly assassins sealin' your fate The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Fear Factory f/ Cypress Hill Album: Digimortal Song: Back the Fuck Up Typed by: lsmoore4@losch.net * * send corrections to the typist (Cypress Hill) From the Wasteland Cold steel under my wasteband Hazardous times Enenmy Lines drawn in the middle of the streets The concrete's stained with blood I still got to eat (Fear Factory) When I hit street I made the man understand I fought with flesh and bled like a man I rode that edge of darkness mt friend Stood up to the enemy so life could begin (Fear Factory & Cypress Hill) You know you got to Back the fuck up Back up off of me (Cypress Hill) Traces of igorance Offense of hatred The face change in the same old places Dark nights and lost souls Collide to cross those The line between a death and dream (Fear Factory) I never wanted to lead your leash To pull your ton of grief I'll come back with a fist of lead To educate your mind with a blow to your head (Fear Factory & Cpress Hill) You know you got to Back the fuck up Back up off of me Fear Factory) Don't let the time pass waiton' for the answer You are exposed to all of the danger (Fear Factory & Cypress Hill) You know you got to Back the fuck up Back up off of me Artist: F.I.L.T.H.E.E. Immigrants f/ B-Real (Cypress Hill), Dilated Peoples, Guru (Gangstarr) Album: Find Us 12" Song: Find Us (Remix) * Typed by: Wammy Giveaway * pre-censored before release [DJ Babu] {*scratching*} "You know" "You know" "You know" "You know where to find us" "You know" "You know" "You know" "You know where to find us" Chorus: F.I.L.T.H.E.E. You can find us Where the busters don't come And the cops don't come For your 911 And you can find us Where we always been Twenty deep in tenements F.I.L.T.H.E.E. Immigrants (Verse 1) [B-Real] You can find us blowin' trees in the west coast    With the hottest birds, you know who's puffin' kush the most    And if you find me, I got Stoned Assasins behind me    You test us, causin' your death, comes untimely    You press us, homey, you minding your damn senses    It's senseless, you don't want trouble, you're defenseless    Look homey, don't act ignorant    Cause you get your cap peeled from this filthy ass immigrant [Filthee] You can find us, in the game, playing for keeps    Remix, leak, next week, hot in the streets    B-Real, Guru, F.I.L.T.H.E.E., my Dilated peeps    The track is so murder, you lyin' under the sheets [Dutch] You can find us on the backstreet, runnin' this track meet    It's, business as usual, we killin' this phat beat    I manifest rhymes that are made for marathons    So when this {*shit*} goes down, yo, we ready to get it on Repeat Chorus (Verse 2) [Rakaa Iriscience] You can find us in rallies sayin' "No" to Bush And for the rights in Dr. Greenthumb to grow the kush Catch Rakaa holdin' heat, like the Statue of Liberty Visibly, shinin' light to bring in heavy artilery We show them how the mics and turn tables are instruments Ladies showin' skin and attempt to get intimate Dilated rigger, we're gifted, unlimited America's afraid, this filthy young immigrant [Evidence] You can find me without headlights, follow the president Of Capitol Record's home, it helps to know which residence Back at the lab, chop kicks and hats You could find in the trash, throwin' out promotional wax Or find me in the mix of action Or at home in the crates, puffin' lye, relaxin' Anyway, we should still neighborhood watch With Filthee, Dutch and Rif, posted up on the block Repeat Chorus (Verse 3) [Guru] You can find me, extraordinarily focus    I don't miss, so you can merely quote this    The G-U-R-U, I rep the hood off top    While other rappers fell off, my name's good on the block    BK's where I learned my trade (Trade...)    Amongst the grimiest hustlers, I earned my grade    Might mingle with the rich and famous    Stay on point, though, in case we gotta get the flamers [Filthee] You can find us planetary stars aligned    Along come the streets, and the stars combine    To find behind the ground, finds that shine like a stone    We some brothers from the earth, with a caramel tone [Dutch] Hey, you can find us, payin' dues, shows are sold out    Mosh pit, universal soldiers rolled out    Fists in the air, that means the movement's begun    For the people, by the people, so we feelin' it, son Repeat Chorus [DJ Babu] {*scratching*} "You know" "You know" "You know" "You know where to find us" "You know" "You know" "You know" "You know where to find us" "You know" "You know" "You know" "You know where to find us" "F.I.L.T.H.E.E." ("F.I.L.T.H.E.E...") The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Fredwreck f/ KRS-One, Everlast, Mobb Deep, The Alchemist, Mack 10, WC, Defari,& B-Real Album: The Atomz Song: Dear Mr. President Typed by: liv4lax05@hotmail.com * * send corrections to the typist Dear Mr. President the world has gone astray brothers are dying they won't live to see today was it all worth it you had to lie to get your way bloods thicker than water what a price we had to pay Dear Mr. President you and your friends you all are crooks sellin out the poor man the soldiers lives are took I can't see no difference from Mr. Hussein to Mr. bush death and deception it's the brew the devil cooks dear Mr. President you had a vendetta get Saddam by any means and make man chedda in 4 years you grow 600 million the bush family oil tycoons they're worth billions you even pissed on the public for the cash you started a deadly war and hiked up the gas thats cuz your real pay check comes from OPEC do the Bin Ladens also send endorsement k to the r to the s to the one my condolences to those that lost their son maybe they lost their daughter when the crossed them borders baby im here for ya it's the new world order times gettin shorta when the primes gettin longer im hot in the sauna when I blow low on ya im in California but im on every corna krs fredwreck never say we neva warned ya conscious lyrics its time for a lil bit ya hear how im spittin it noone is innocent east coast oppression yeah west coast is livin it the east coast is givin it every time we say that fast cash we gettin it every time we diss our future with our kids in it every time we push the fly rise they slaven ya soon we'll be rappin for Saudi Arabia Dear Mr. President the world has gone astray brothers are dyin they won't live to see today was it all worth it you had to lie to get your way bloods thicker than water what a price we had to pay Dear Mr. President you and your friends you all are crooks sellin out the poor man the soldiers lives are took I can't see no difference from my hussein to Mr. bush death and deception it's the brew the devil cooks I told ya'll niggaz it's a war outside but these niggaz don't listen till the missiles start to fly America ain't nothin but the fantasy life but the end 'll soon come for this bull shit life hold up before that come I gotta get mine cuz money is all that matters at the present time Fuck the war in Iraq our was to survives right here in the hood in the New York times these dudes blowin up shit to no avail fuck that id rather rot in jail show yall better than I can tell I ain't buyin what them senators sell while they passin them bills we livin in hell war we all enlisted business and pleasure? the next ex-prez don't know the difference strategic plannin my cities in panic propaganda spread the truths kept candid when push comes to shove and shove to push we in the same corner sayin buck fush its evidence they'll remember the name its fredwreck west coast legends of game in a world of hate with a round for blood don't cooperate we'll just shoot you up its blood on all our hands its blood on all our hands its blood on all our hands In a world of sin where they honor greed cant noone win till they conquer need its blood on all our hands its blood on all our hands its blood on all our hands I already got enough on my mind to be stressin and now I can't even watch the news its depressin I see em battle through saddam's hood with smith n wessens and droppin all kind of bombs with aggression mama........ my prayers for someone to hold ya while I pull out a lewie for the fallen soldiers its best to turn to the lord for hes the best to consol ya and thats the realest thing mack 10 eva told ya it have anything to do with no...... grippin them dude lost their lives oversees pistol grippin sendin youngsters to Iraq to leave blood drippin and they wanna lock up my hommies for...... trippin? It didnt have nothin to do with no....... hood crippin them dude lost their lives oversees pistol grippin sendin youngsters to Iraq to leave blood drippin and they wanna lock up my hommies for...... trippin? mr President I ain't hesitant I fly this kite up on behalf of...... and my resident blue collar taxpayers henni drinkers holdin my nuts in the ghetti givin you the middle finger fuck war for years we're been ignored and when its time for war it's the only time you fuck with the poor land of the free but I don't see no sunshine just niggaz and latinos in the front line United States? Naw united snakes where they cast the black folk silent and our votes don't count but we still keep pokin em try ta vote but like the public enemy logo you keepin niggaz in the niper scope make methrow my hands up and wanna holla bush gettin power all of a suden go down the twin towers daddy must have passed the word down guess its true what they say gangtas make the world go round the only good bush is the one you fucked last night not the one who sends your brothers off to war and fight you have smokin..... For the blind.....and..... How many more years we accept lies and cry tears they sell beers to the masses just so they can justify the fucked up factions by elections avoid any questions give fake answers Americas cancer the little puppet with tangled strings I think he forgot the value of a human being maybe he never knew or never gave a shit but he can send us all off and do his bravery bit treatin people like pawns for the campaign beggin people will you please reelect me get him outta here you must learn you're a fool if you want the fucker one more term get him out Dear Mr. President the world has gone astray brothers are dyin they won't live to see today was it all worth it you had to lie to get your way bloods thicker than water what a price we had to pay Dear Mr. President you and your friends you all are crooks sellin out the poor man the soldiers lives are took I can't see no difference from Mr. Hussein to Mr. bush death and deception it's the brew the devil cooks The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: FunkDoobiest f/ B-Real Album: Which Doobie U B? Song: Wopbabalubop Typed by: Funk182100@aol.com [B-Real] If I drop them dogs a broke nose gets clubed then I crack that jaw cause you know I get raw I remember when I used to sit on the see-saw now I just shoot em up shoot em up dog ya better stand clear cause I show no fear when I hit you with the baseball bat in the air its gonna be on when the shit goes down so you better be ready clown I cock that hammer, then I pull that trigger better run quick cause I'll put the hole right in ya look what I gave ya the ill behavior Funkdoobiest got the 31 flavors Smoka chocolate the number 1 toke up play your punk ass like a hand in poker hearts, clovers, diamonds, shrooms wopbabalubop balap bam boom [T-Funk] Who the funk do you think you are? I got the funk blasting out your car now what the funk are you gonna do? I'll funk your ass up with my Funkdoobie crew here comes the Son, but not the ruler it's the dooler, sippin on the wine cooler we hit the cronic well aint that ironic thats why they call us the Doobies cause we give the porno flicks to do us a floosey drop the panties and give up the booty I think I'll pass, she's got the coodies so we get the funk on to find us a groupie you tell the hope, they're aint nottin like a doobie groovy, as I funk up the room Wopbabalubop balap bam boom [Son Doobie] I generate power, devower cowards in an hour whos got the funeral flowers I cut like a sickle, so fuck a Don Rickles I'm flavored like pickles, I killed for a nickel so watcha telling me there aint no Melanie just check out check out um check out my melody handle the vandal, caught in the scandal hands will lift when I sing soprano flavors what I kick, I'm strong like a viking call me a psycic, but Mikey says he likes it I pump the ill disco, I'm out like a missile who blow the whistle, I blast like a pistol kapow boom, so give me some room as I Wopbabalubop balap bam boom The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Guru f/ B-Real (Cypress Hill) Album: Version 7.0 The Street Scriptures Song: Real Life Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro: Guru] 7 Grand I'm up in here, it's your man Guru My man B-Real, uh Solar Yo [Guru] Blazin up a L in my hotel suite While niggaz sellin beef like it's wholesale meat I wanna see millions and help the whole town eat Pull off an industry caper, watch it go down sweet I'm your leader, so you gotta do what I decide A lot of motherfuckers have wished for my demise Took a trip out West, to where the riders ride Up in the spot, with the O.G.'s on either side I get love, so y'all don't wanna push the issue 'less you wanna feel the steel gettin pushed against you 'less you wanna see the barrel gettin put to your temple Get the message? Slow your role, that should be simple Y'all don't understand that I'm a man of honor All it takes is a nod, then my fam is on ya Your man was poppin shit, now your mans a goner This is real talk from New York to California [Chorus: B-Real] When you want it +Real+ I'ma let it +B+ known That everything ain't what you think it is unless I roam Cause this is real life, real life Heard me? Real life, real life When you need it +Real+ I'ma let it +B+ known That everything ain't what you think it is unless I roam Cause this is real life, real life Ya heard me? Real life, real life - ya heard me? [B-Real] B-Real and Guru, who woulda thought? The two on the same mics and we blowin the spot Seen the game change wow what a metamorphosis Weak emcees better thank the Lord for this Cause these days rap skills don't pay bills But image'll sell yo' punk ass one or two mill' Gold in the grill and mo' quests to steal Show a little steel and scream that you keep it real So many colors in the {?} that'll hit you with paint We know the ones who say "keep it real" are the ones who ain't They say they got it poppin, but they're broke as fuck But on their video, they always got dough like fuck In reality, they don't have dough like that~! And their live show, they don't even flow like that I'm tired of dem, tired of me, tired of bein tired Fuck it, you know what? We're all fired! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: House of Pain Album: House of Pain Song: Put Your Head Out I rip shit like a bow when I flow And I score points with the joints that I throw Cause I flow deadly I'm no punk see I break backs, make tracks and get funky There's no one to run to cause nobody cares MC's drop to your knees, say your prayers The luck of the Irish is about to kick in Prepare to die and notify your next of kin I'm goin' all out, buck, duck and call out That's how I'm livin, punk you better stall out This is the House of Pain To come inside is insane Chorus I'll put your head out (4x) Jump up spread out I'll put your head out I'll put your head out Put put your head out Jump up spread out I'll put your head out Hey what up punk? I'll put your head out Who steps the booze When the hoods wanna take a cruise They're feelin' the effects of the booze Ain't no clues to hold with them fools Who got smoked even though they scrat crews You got bruise but I got the booma Trigger to blast ya askin the bull Take my life shit, I'll take you to school In the do what's the difference if your think of droppin Jews Carbon copy think you're so cool Stop dreamin' and hallucinatin' You're caught up in a piece of pain Click click, punk, now you're thinkin' oh shit Quit while you're ahead before I fill you full of lead Chorus Blessed with the gift, and gifts with the rhyme I never say quit when I'm out to get mine It's live and let die, sit back and get high Smokin' a fat blunt, waitin' for some punk To act up like he's got somethin' in him Then I grab the mike and start spittin' out venom Coughin' up headstones, blowin' out headphones Steppin' to me, you'll wind up in the Dead Zone It's nothin' personal, that's how it goes, G Step up with beef, and you'll wind up losin' teeth Cause I don't give up the mike that easy Step back, this ain't government cheese, G You can stand in line, but you ain't gettin' it Talk all the shit you want, but I ain't sweatin' it Chorus The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ill Bill & DJ Muggs f/ B-Real Album: Kill Devil Hills Song: Amputated Saint Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro] {*samples of M.O.P.'s "Ante Up" heard*} [Ill Bill] I'm like a Viking in a submarine, I'm a Spartan with guns and beams Muggs and me is like givin hard drugs to fiends I be the cause of this prison riot, spawn of the Israelites Torture you with kitchen knifes, caught you in a pistol fight I saw prophets tore from the fist of Christ Propaganda brainwashes us to make us think their system's right I stick my finger in the dyke, plug the leak while she sucked her teeth, look into the light, such is life [B-Real] So when I hold the mic frighting day and night, might catch a case See you in my sights, let my heater make you change your face Make you change your ways, wishin you could change your days The venom we spit cut your throat like a razor blade They got hell to pay, me I got hell to raise Looked Death in the eye, he said you get a stellar gaze He went on his way but he got stuck in the maze Without any way to get out of this purple haze [Chorus 2X: Ill Bill] Evacuate the place, fallen angel, amputated saint Trapped on a cannibal planet of hate, gang-related is they faith Activate the tape, calculate the weight Single-handed with the cannon in they face [Ill Bill - repeat 2X] Abandon all hope, buy more weapons and more coke Build yourself a bunker under your house, it's all over But before the CIA come to take us away Light up some O.G. kush and take us out in a blaze [Ill Bill] I ate some brownies last week and I've been high for days Shoulda known B-Real was the guy with the tray Cheech & Chong spliff, twist up an entire eighth It won't freeze your nose, the shit'll set fire to your face [B-Real] We get higher in the place, still my eyes are clean I'm the man in all black with the hashisheen So many, bags of green, candy cars that lean Got a crew so thick man we causin a scene You tried to hit it the very moment I lit it You shitted your pants, coughin out your lungs, bitch quit it We got the greenery and the heavy machinery And life don't mean a thing to me, BITCH, enjoy the scenery~! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ill Bill & DJ Muggs f/ B-Real, Vinnie Paz Album: Kill Devil Hills Song: Kill Devil Hills Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Ill Bill] Apocalypse, the angel of death, the octopus The two-headed eagle, 33rd degree Hebrew I speaks Mossad, Hamas, and the Hezbollah And the CIA funded Guatemala terror squads The Pentagon's the TV producer, the war's the product And the media's the salesperson hustlin consumers Global instability, terror networks, embassy bombings A thousand ways to get the century poppin When mobs of people storm the neighborhood banks Riots in Time Square paralyzed by suicide bombings and tanks Confined to evil, rides are regal Emperors are ripped from their thrones by the people and then shot in their cerebral One got away, created an empire made of fire Now he cryin that the CIA made him wear a wire Now he gettin waterboarded up with some pliers Pullin out his fingernails every time he tell a lie [Chorus: repeat 2X] Pyramids of Mars a/k/a Kill Devil Hills Existence of God, Jihad, kill devil kill Criminal official, walk through with limited edition pistols The symbolism twist you when the clips hit you [B-Real] So many notches in my belt of the victims I have accumulated I got a vision, the light in my head illuminated Your mind's scattered and broken and battered So what does it matter that a rat-ass bastard fell down Jacob's Ladder? I climbed the pyramid and punch him in the eyeball Give him a black eye, take a picture with my iPhone Now his eye swolled, rippin on my sidearm They don't like me I'm ghetto, I spit and get my high on Tell the truth a lot, been in this booth a lot Keeping it raw whether I'm in a bad mood or not Open your mind with the venomous rhyme of rare skill Lines born in a cipher, you asked for a square deal You see me grinnin, your head is spinnin, the symbolism is just like prison, I'm tryin to free you from your condition I got a suspicion you bitches are wishin me gone I'm hittin the chron, a kiss on the cheek and it's gone [Vinnie Paz] I'm a Freemason, I'm a Rosicrucian, I'm a Shriner Moorish Science Temple of America's Osama Issam al haq te al makte{?} is the father United Nuwaubian Nation of Moors rhymer It's wild hard tryin to stay on my deen I'm a bomb, I'm aram, son of Shem and Fateem Kill devil, Kill Devil Hill metal regime I'm a rebel still, me and Bill devilish team I'm a force to be reckoned with, I'm the deer hunter The dirtbag to the underage beer runner I like cold and snow, never revere summer If God is a woman then I never hear from her I'll chop a tree with my hands, it appears lumber I'm the definition of lightning, you fear thunder I'm taking everything motherfucker so fear hunger You have a soft heartbeat, fuckin queer drummer The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Kottonmouth Kings f/ Cypress Hill Album: Kottonmouth Kings [No. 7] Song: Put it Down Typed by: timmy.bogenburt@gmail.com Put the pipe down, put the, put the pipe down Put the, put the pipe down Put ya bong down, put ya, put ya bong down Put ya, put ya bong down Put the blunt down, put the, put the blunt down Put the, put the blunt down Put ya pipe down, put ya bong down Put ya blunt down, and listen up now [Johnny Richter] You know, Southern California be the home of the highest Between the Hill and Kottonmouth, we smokin' nothin' but the fniest The weed incredible, this an unstoppable team We down with Cypress like our ese's be down with thirteens Never both rights cause they simply below us Don't mess around with street vendors, strictly go to the growers And everybody who know us, we gettin' outta space high They be like bye-biddy-bye-biddy-biddy-bye-bye [B-Real] I put the blunt down, here's the run down, by the sun down Slide us out the joint, I'll get you high, you gon' come down Catch a contact, homie, watch as I take hits Show me who you know that'll take bigger vape hits Everybody grows, let me know if you need some Tell me what you want, you can call Dr. Greenthumb Put the blunt down, if I'm wrong, well homie Then I'm stoned, that's what happens when you hit the fuckin' bong, wow Put the pipe down, put the, put the pipe down Put the, put the pipe down, put the pipe down Put ya bong down, put ya, put ya bong down Put ya, put ya bong down, put the bong down Put the blunt down, put the, put the blunt down Put the, put the blunt down, put the blunt down Put ya pipe down, put ya bong down Put ya blunt down, and listen up now [D-Loc] Y'all motherfuckers know the deal It's Kottonmouth Kings and Cypress Hill Got that shit that bump, y'all know what's up This D-Double-Dash, don't give a fuck Got the kush wrapped up like I could kill Don't act tough, the hood gets real Get them backs, don't get slick I'm feelin' kinda good and gotta itch One more time for ya mind, here I go with my rhyme I'm a get it from the front, you can get it from behind Sen Dog and B-Real put it down for the Krown Got the people shook up off the smoke from the pound [B-Real] Pack another bowl in the pipe if you want hell Maybe we can lace another load, make the song sell Let me roll this hash leaf, kush in the middle son If you never put it in we rollin' you a little one Dude put the brownie down, you're a fuckin' lightweight We're smokin' at four-twenty, well you're searchin' for the right date High when I hit it then get you hammered in a second son Take a fuckin' hit and get in line for the second one Put the pipe down, put the, put the pipe down Put the, put the pipe down, put the pipe down Put ya bong down, put ya, put ya bong down Put ya, put ya bong down, put the bong down Put the blunt down, put the, put the blunt down Put the, put the blunt down, put the blunt down Put ya pipe down, put ya bong down Put ya blunt down, and listen up now [Sen Dog] So now you know, you better struggle All you busters better hit the back door We ain't frontin', that's what it's all about Somebody put this gat up in this fool's mouth [Daddy X] (Sen Dog) Welcome to the west coast where the real tokers stay They should rename this the cannabis state You can't relate if you ain't from the area We got that one-hitter quitter that'll bury ya It get scarier when clones cross-pollenize Hydroponics, cripnotic, supersonic, madinotic You wake up and you still feelin' groggy yeah Heads foggy like cereal, that's soggy yeah You pack the bong but you can't find your lighter still I load it twice so somebody call Cypress Hill Sen Dog, you got a fire for a brother man (I got some fire but your lighter's still up in ya hand) Put the pipe down, put the, put the pipe down Put the, put the pipe down, put the pipe down Put ya bong down, put ya, put ya bong down Put ya, put ya bong down, put the bong down Put the blunt down, put the, put the blunt down Put the, put the blunt down, put the blunt down Put ya pipe down, put ya bong down Put ya blunt down, and listen up now [Sen Dog] Hit 'em with the sick shit, just like The Misfits Kottonmouth and Cypress Hill always kick the dope shit Down with Daddy X, D-Loc and Johnny Richter Southern Cali's most high, do you get the picture We don't stop, we just keep on dumpin' With the spit that kill, a homeboy ain't lackin' nothing From the streets of Southie all the way to O-C Anywhere around the world that smokes the dope weed We got what it takes, kush bud, hash cakes Smoke filled room when the dip takes place I be comin' on strong, on the song like Tommy Chong Beatin' on my chest, mad dog, King Kong Here's another verse from the dog that came first We comin' at you hard from the ghetto to the surf I be putting in work so just stay up off my turf Or I'll have your home boy straight callin' for a hearse Put the blunt down and listen up now The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: MC Eiht f/ B-Real Album: Last Man Standing Song: Tha Way We Run It Typed by: nemesi_@libero.it Geah One two One two (check it out) One two One two (check it out) Uh [B-REAL] I put years in this shit struggled to build the empire  Just another brick in the wall you fall tired Who will be the one son to fall victim? Who's on the street, who's runnin' from pigs wishing? No way out You can't stay out - your hook Criminal lifestyle, you're booked in the crook Where will you seek shelter? Killafornia What'll you do when you see the heat around the corner? You silly fucking goner, where will you hide? On the sick side of town facin' the long ride Sick-ass Soul Assassins I keep blastin' Cause you never know when it's time for some action  A fraction, chain reaction the crew smashin' Through your city get the committee a ready faction We run shit And muthafuckas are on it You can't call it, buster you better stall it We got G-boys and ho's on deck One times gafflin' niggas that chin check (check it out) You see a robbery We done it That's just the way we run it [EIHT] Ten years in the game, no chains remain Heavy weights, get it straight, still bringin' the pain First green since the B.G.  I gotta get cream Late nite hype's the fiends as I plots a scheme Got tight with rap flows and followed the rap shows But the streets keep callin' me to cluck the pesos Did good I made up tapes about the hood Locked down that shit as nobody could Enemies always out to get me But just keep spittin' rhymes and they won't hit me Street dreams always made of this Top dollar Bitches and switches is on my list Leave your ass with the good night kiss Makes moves smooth so your shorty won't miss Never runnin' to meal, we chill on the hill Real G's always packs the steel [EIHT] It ain't a problem that I can't fix Cause I can do it - in the mix Nowadays We be's the G's that's deadly Bustin' raps, shootin' craps, gots the straps on ready Common sense'll tell you, slide out But ain't no fuckin' where for you to hide out  Got the picture?  We don't play no games Eiht and B-Real fuckin' Frank & Jesse James To the limit  Watch us do what we do Leave your whole life fucked turn misty blue Senoritas and pesos yes yes y'all Ball cause we to tall and never fall We got paper fo' sho'  No doubt Criminal mind this time you're assed out Define it Here's your strollin' paper just sign it Take a walk as the Eiht starts to talk Soul Assassins one time Soul Assassins two times Geah My nigga Muggs  Still pushin' that china white Check it out, uh Boom Bam in the house My nigga Foe in the house Geah Cypress in the house, uh Take 2 to your mouth Soul Assassins That's right Whatcha wanna do? The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mellow Man Ace f/ Krazy D, Chief T, Sen Dog Album: The Brother With Two Tongues Song: Hypest From Cypress Typed by: jostmatt@bluewin.ch Ah yeah (Down with the crew from up the hill) I like the way this is turnin out (Down with the crew from up the hill) (Krazy D) (Go off, go off) (Krazy D) (Go off, go off) (Krazy D) (Go off, go off) [ Krazy D ] Hm-hm, pardon me, but like 1-2 You slept, but take a peep Yes, the maddog's creepin Workin muthafuckas that's sleepin Suckers only know I bust jaws or come out to brawl To drop them niggas like freefall I go nuts, so if a duck's to shoot I pack a .380 tucked as I strut in my zoot suit You stated bein down with a click But when I step to hit you up you act wack and don't claim shit So get the fuck on as I drop bombs of warfare Fuckin your girlie cause I don't care Much for that ass as I pass them I collect and wreck niggas and like a pimp I keep slappin On and on and on till dawn I rock on, makin 'hoods lookin like Lebanon Clockin my grip as I rip to get righteous To be the hypest from Cypress (T is the Chief) (Go off, go off) (T is the Chief) (Go off, go off) (T is the Chief) (Go off, go off) (Leader of the pow wow) [ Chief T / Tomahawk Funk ] Well, I'm here to recite, unload Some lyrical ammo Rock on, break it up with the steady flow The brave brother runnin wild swingin my tomahawk Don't play around or you might get scalped Shout for help, but it's not gonna matter The Funkdoobie shit This chumpie's on hit I'ma flow on, my brother So sucker, run for cover Hip-hoppin lyrical rhymes droppin Like Crazy Horse, of course I'm ready on the warpath For me to scalp a sucker you don't even have to ask I get hype at night, track ya, stalk ya I'm on the hunt till it's time to spliff a blunt The redman ready to run ya The hip-hop funkster, warpath's attackin No time for slackin, my brother, I'm aimin Claimin my Tribe, why? Cause I'm the hypest from Cypress (Cypress Hill) (Go off, go off) (Cypress Hill) (Cypress Hill) (So come on, the Cypress starts to kick it) [ Sen Dog ] Now don't tease me or tempt, I have a hot Cuban temp' I take it light, but I start fight if you try to offend See, I don't sniff blow for, that's because I don't crawl On the ground, lookin up at all y'all (Sen) Dog, never again will I bend No letters of death or threats will I send So I'm puttin an end to all the dumb shit (dumb shit)  Dumb shit, that 'homes, where you from'-shit Cause I run shit my way all day Don't play, cause it won't pay Niggas wanna play with the pistol Make me get pissed, though You get a fistful Make you eat knuckles Feel your knees buckle Still feeling brave when You're sleeping on the pavement Save it, the beatdown, who gave it? Senen, no more explaining (This is the mellow, the mellow) (Go off, go off) (The mellow) (Go off, go off) (The mellow) (My man) (my man) (1, 2, 3, 4) (Get on the mic) [ Mellow Man Ace ] Oh, I'm a sell-out? Ha-ha, cause all my records sell? I got me paid and laid, out here sippin lemonade You come to see me, right? You even bring your hoe And when I'm finished rippin shit, you're still like 'I don't know...' Is he really hype?' 'Is he my girlie's type?' 'Is he the kinda muthafucka that can really write?' 'Am I on his tip?' 'Damn, I musta slipped' 'Cause I even brought my girl, I must be on his dick' You're damn right, gee, you got a double ticket She copped one of my shirts and now she wants to kick it What up with that, bee? Have you lost it, bro? She's got my posters in her room, calls me her niggaroe She just be juicin you, straight up be usin you And when I come to town, she's like 'I'm losin you' (see ya) So you get jealous, right? And tell your fellas, right? And then you all come to my show, all over jealous, right? Now I could call ya out, but I'ma stall ya out Cause I'm promotin peace, and like a soldier, yo, I'm ballin out Now I'm the Spanish Fly, and I might just Come off so nice that I'm the hypest - from Cypress Aiyo yo yo yo Yo yo, man Yo, let me take.. Check this out I got the Hillsters (Hill Squad)  I got the Hillsters Funky Cypress Hillsters, out here gettin ill, so I got my man D And my man T My mellow Sen Dog and I'm the A-c-e But yo yo You know how.. You know how.. You know, people used to ask me: "Yo, how did you get started, man?" Well, D.. Wa - wait a minute G, won't you bring the track down, you know And D, won't you come up on the mic And show em how we used to do.. [ freestyle Krazy D ] Not just a punk from the streeet Can get deep to a flow And go for broke  Cause I break niggas in half and laugh In their fuckin face Not knowin how hard the Latin Lord can get I pack a cuente just in case niggas wanna strip [ freestyle Chief T ] Check the funky styles of music, choose it The piecemaker givin you a hit of the good joint Inhale the smoke and let the peace pipe burn Check the beat, check the groove, yeah, you need it In your fort you come up short You send for more troops, I got with the Hill Tribe [ freestyle Sen Dog ] I say Cypress Hill after you, bro And cuts a afro down to a cameo I got my back covered even when I'm solo My Tribe's meaner than shit, so fuck the ammo So it's Cypress Hill to all the bimbos And you can dance to the funky lingo But at this time I rhyme for my amigos Get out the way, man Try to take over my jam, right? But check it out I would -  I used to say some shit like You know, I would go like, well - ahm [ freestyle Mellow Man Ace ] Well, here's my step to ya, my gettin-next-to-ya Cocky son of a bitch, you don't think that I can wreck, do ya? Well, I be flexin, cold slappin necks, and Please feel free to jump in line and be the next man To get that head flown like a k-k-k-kite I can stutter-step and stumble and still come off hype Cause one thing's for sho', and that's I flow from the start You love all my homies, but you forward to my part You say: I like the way that he be swingin, bringin Funky little styles with the crazy fly singin That's what I do the best, don't need the buddah bless To get you all hype and jazz'der than the rest I could get smoked out, and then get loc'ed out But see, the album's comin flyer than the most out Cause I'm Mellow, and I'm in the house Came here tonight to turn it out And I'm outta here And I'm outta here And I'm outta here [ all ] We're the hypest from Cypress We're the hypest from Cypress We're the hypest from Cypress We're the hypest from Cypress Let's get the fuck out Mellow Man Ace Cypress Hill The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Outkast f/ B-Real Album: Stankonia Song: Xplosion Typed by: Osirus260@aol.com [Andre] Hello lord, it's me again, I just wanna make to love the whole globe And all her girlfriends now don't that make ya mind move Like smoke patterns, me on my way to Saturn wit a bomb Numb be it view, or Saudi Shawty I figure before the first gun blast, they know who gone win Now won't that make us all fools Like class clowns praying Private Ryan comes round Sound travels at one thousand, one thirty, feet per second Niggaz in the street they want it hurry  When niggaz start biting that's when 3000 starts to worry A little knowledge from the college of wizard Ray Murray Answer quick do you know what desire is? "Huh?" Apparently not that's why you get what you got Now answer this do you know what fire is? "Yeah" The body of hot, the motivator of pots Snot, spit, shit are characteristics of release Ask your niece or nephew, you think we left you What the future holds in its sweaty palms Thank I'm finna vom? Ya move like ya mean it she'll cum Prom night might excite a down right fight like White blood cell to the common cold rebel Night gets jealous of day play is no longer The feelin gets stronger than Ammonia sticks inhale Hook: We just can't be amazed Even if you pull the pin from your hand grenade (repeat 3X) And we some home-made bombs Finna blow right up in your face [B-Real] Look at the way you look at me I see it on your face All your hate emanates but you still hesitate Cause you want inside of my head but don't know how To brainwash me to be a commercial clown Fuck that I see the way you were, see the way you smirk I'm catching you  where you work God only knows all the trouble that grows Deep beneath my soul dealing with you assholes Can I blast those who point the finger at me Who criticize and talk shit so freely Fuck XXL you're a size too small I should hire Eminem so we can kill you all Whether you live to talk shit about the Real Then kiss my ass in person how much you love the Hill I'm the outcast comin to blaze the grass Outlaw due to my life that's come to pass Dre, pass me the glass of wine So I can pour it over my homies grave and mine For all those who fallen and answered when God was calling Jump into my ragtop and get all in I'm the bomb, planted in your car why you frozen Pop the tape in ignite the xplosion The world is mine, the world is yours, the world is ours The world is lost, the world is tossed We just can't be amazed Even if you pull the pin from your hand grenade (repeat 3X) And we some home-made bombs Finna blow right up in your face [Big Boi] With a one-two punch, B-Real and Andre dropped they verses Your homeboy Daddy Fat Sax playin clean-up so it worsens People and persons on the opposite teams oh, yes its curtains No bullets burpin' oh just lyrically twerking Making a statement, when you freestyle and your mind is in a free state Is kinda hard to execute when you ain't feeling it that day Jumpin the gun and rushing your flow Babbling on the mikie like auctioneer, got the public's ears Fucked up can't hear, Atlanta, Georgia where y'all at? OutKast this Dirty South to death the Dungeon Family Camp Got this thang lit like stamps and nine-volt battery end caps Making that music that make your neck hurt And the beats that bother your back in my Cadillac Six woofers and four amps, lo pro vogues on swole  With the carriage lamps diamond tucked velour pistol in my lap Come in peace but then xplode like booty traps The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: PMD f/ Cypress Hill Album: The Awakening Song: Champions Typed by: dalyricalmaster@tupac.com (Intro: *bell ringing*) Good evening ladies and gentlemen This is your main event of the evening (PMD) Yeah, check it, one time, one time, one time PMD and B-Real, Cypress Hill, Hit Squad Yeah, you niggas know the deal Check it, check it, comin' through, uh, Hit Squad (PMD) Sirens blare, niggas wildin' out over chairs The men here, so sealable doors, so stand clear Breath takin', niggas rollin' up with the gat shakin' No puss here, brothers sadly mistaken The chains breakin', back to check the rules you fakin' That's violation, like a Muslim eatin' bacon Much got the beat breakin', faggots niggas instigatin' I'm runnin' with the law while you triple six in your Satan Comin' in blastin', with no maskin', niggas askin' "How he lastin'?" Jewels, with the tool flashin' Blacked out now I'm lacked in, I'ma second win More oxygen, niggas on my jock again (B-Real) Runnin' with the PMD, universal, no rehearsal controversial, no commercial All rough and rugged, you buckin' off at the straight thuggin' Audio thumpin' and head bumpin' Motherfuckers wanna hear somethin', CD's jumpin' Thumpin' the ground all of a sudden In the mist of the smoke I shut it - all competition Set the condition to submission From the contact I'm sparkin' at brain cells through songs and magazines and through the e-mail I'm worldwide, six side, killafornia highs No time, define, no wolfs, we need the blind to the slaughter, I'm baptizin' you through the water Pure hip-hop and D makes you grow like weed, proceed That's right, Soul Assassins, the Hit Squad, Cypress Hill All up in your dome piece (Outro: PMD) ...keep the house bumpin', we be the champions Get the announcements, keep the whole house bumpin' You want somethin', we the champions Keep the house thumpin', get announcements Let them know that you won bitch, we be the champions We be the champions, we be the champions (*bell rings twice*) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Proof f/ B-Real, Method Man Album: Searching for Jerry Garcia Song: High Rollers Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com [B-Real] Loaded, dazed, confused.. I'm in the Esco' rollin the crisp weed You know that I'm never ever blazin the Bush weed You know you're on cloud nine fuckin with me duke Be sure that I'm the crisp man waitin to see Proof Some say I'm high on life and I don't need your herbs I'm gettin high every time that you speak your words Well I'm glad that means more for me son I hit the bong so hard they call me green lungs They say that I'm the buddah master, "Rock Superstar" You know the homie with the weed laced candy bar Now I'm blazin it non-stop, you feelin me fam? You see, everywhere I go it's like Amsterdam We blow the smoke in the air now you smellin my strain It's the O.G. bush just clouded your brain See I'm ready for fo'-twenty mo' honeys get dough for me All of them Mary, it's scary, they get you most stony [Chorus: B-Real, Method Man, Proof] [BR] Hittin the blunts and bongs [MM] Puffin those trees and leaves [Pr] Comin with E and Vic's [BR] You know it's on tonight, roll it and pass the light [BR] Sittin up top of the world [MM] Gettin on top of your girl [BR] Crack on those poles and pipes [Pr] You know it's on tonight [BR] Roll it and pass the light [Proof] You know your man's royal can be Ishmael{?} Wasn't even finished my drink and thinkin 'bout refills They got the dro, I'm fin' to roll off these E pills And I'm the +Proof+, got on my +Method+ so +Be-Real+ A retired weed head that need bread for trickin Off on a mission to find bitches for sausage lickin Engulfed in liquids, Xena's and perkasets I jam like I don't know how to work the tec Nine times outta ten I'm high off the Henn' Never lie for a trend tryna die on a binge Biscuits is poppin, ain't no stoppin like Hendrix and Joplin 'til I find out where Biggie and 'Pac went Profit of coppin, most often is gobbled Stackin my chips high 'til they auction a Pablo Pills to swallow, momma don't cry I send you drugs Tryna get my mind stuck "In the Middle" like Monie Love - whaaaat? [Method Man] I semi-automatically spit flows at trash Anatomically equipped to rip shows in half If I speak a little fast you get whiplash Promoters better get the kid cash or get whipped ass Got some zig-zags and a dutch, let's get smashed My little zip bags got more riders than Six Flags And while y'all get gassed, I'm proceedin to get high Got weed like Mary J. is +All I'm Needin+ to get by Tical motherfucker, run for cover when shit fly One hand is on the lye, the other hand on yo' bitch thigh How many wanna try, Mr. Meth and his clique? Yes That's kinda farfetched like me passin a piss test Okay, let's +Be-Real+, here's the +Proof+, we need cash flow Might catch me in the movies lightin up in the back row For sho', Killa Bee back, black we don't need that It's fo'-twenty ho, now where the fuck is yo' weed at? In fact.. Artist: Raekwon f/ B-Real Album: Blood on Chef's Apron Song: R.I.P Typed by: pneumatic [Intro: Raekwon] Yeah, Yeah, You know how it go down nigga Yeah, Yeah, Drop a fucking bracelet and shit Preme, Happy B-Day, Word up You got the masters in the building youknowhatimsayin Word up, Chef, B-Real, Check it, Yo [Raekwon] This the business, A strong wind thrust, I been this Drank with the worm in the bottle, I sense this Coming to change games, Lanes just opened, It's on Call my brother, Lets move, We joined forces Grab the horses, La Familia, I feel ya Let cruise yo for Miss Ecilia I got my brother the fly pirrono, Pizzano We puff grass, Get cash, And swap condos Yeah, Under the building gun flash Your arm cost a hundred mil, Fuck master Yo, Mad successful, The masher, The break jaw blaster Wrapped up in a World way hashed up Gwap paper, The vacaters The Lakers gave us enough paper to buy Rockefeller Plaza The combo is awesome He's Supreme Magnetic I'm Rakim, Who wants some [Chorus: Raekwon, (B-Real)] (Gun range) Take aim and bang (Too many slang from where I came) So I hit the block ready to rock like cocaine (Single shot from the glock, Body drop from the pain) This the gun range, Take aim and bang (It's a shame, These bullets aint got no name) So either it's over beats, Or over these streets (Mop'n you is murder may you rest in peace) [B-Real] I see you hate'n any time I make a stack But down fall bitches like you pray for that You need a life but you aint really made for that We steal your shine like a kleptomaniac Me I go like G.I. Joe, See I blow, My enemy, He die slow The weed I grow, Gift from the seed I sold I'm stone cold but coming with the heat I know I'm from the Hill where green thumb reign supreme It don't matter if you and your boys hate my team And it aint none of your biz how I make my cream The pain I've seen nothing to the pain I bring I lean back like Joe for a beef or peace Either way, I'm getting cream and my pocket's obese I'll eat you fuckers for breakfast and make room for lunch time Your name is a joke, I'll make you a punch line [Raekwon] I come from the Hill where it's real, I've seen real Dollar bills fall out the trees like free meals Guns get bought like E pills How can I see bills, And Granny in a crib worth three mil [B-Real] We hit the bottom and tap'n the bottle You try to follow me and I promise you'll be tips of hollow Swallow the fire water, Tomorrow you'll never see it Got the Chef cooking the venom, Send em to another meeting with death Your stressed out looking for another savior to save your life From the killers with the ill behavior The neighbor that's no good, Take over your whole hood Leave you in a puddle of blood, I hope it's understood The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Sick Jacken f/ B-Real (Cypress Hill) Album: Stray Bullets Song: The Sickside Typed by: VIPER~SwinnY [Verse 1. Sick Jacken] Let me tell you about my hood, let me tell you about my block  So many hoodlums, so many cops  Two ways out, get paid or in a box  One way to win, do what you can and shake the spot  Slugs, pills, a lot of drug deals and thugs killed  It's all for money and the power cause the buck's real  And if you're scared homie you can cop a church, kneel  Pray to God, see if he even gives a fuck still  There's no religion, just these concrete saints  That only kneel when the sharpness shanks  In the street and in the holding tanks  In the west by the ? banks  Where in war does your army rank?  Soldier, I seen this shit young  That's my poison tongue  Only spits about my boys with guns  Fire got you shook, you only hear the noise and run  And that fear makes extortion fun  You ain't the one If all hoods are the same, let me tell you about mine  All these young kids doing street level crime  Some on the run and some doing time  We gotta turn these kids to a sickside mind Cali is sick, New York is sick  Chi-town sick, the whole block sick  When you're out on the street doing dirt with your clique  Just remember the legit gets the law of the dick [Verse 2. B Real] Now I don't want to be stuck with this bad luck shit  All you mushed out bitches I can't fuck with  This whole subject is painful, I love it  We share the stories not meant for the public  We struggle to get here, next year new story  Taking over, wait's over, best feel the change over  What it took to prosper, no apologies to offer  Got the best you can put on a roster  Psycho sick, assassins sick  Every now and then we need a revolution  So we spray the hallways  You're in a haze when the song plays  And you don't want to come at us the wrong way  It's only for some, this crazy ass city we run  It's in our blood, we live and die by the gun  Wipe your tears or the blood right in front of your eyes  This city is cold and she don't cry when you die If all hoods are the same, let me tell you about mine  All these young kids doing street level crime  Some on the run and some doing time  We gotta turn these kids to a sickside mind LA is sick, New Jersey is sick  Beantown sick, the whole block sick  When you're out on the street doing dirt with your clique  Just remember the legit gets the law of the dick [Verse 3. Sick Jacken] I'm from a crooked angle, eh homie make my dust angel  This city block got me locked in a tight strangle  Graffiti bombs, see these walls by the knife angle  At least too raw, milli wars and the stars spangled  That's what the ? is for, exercise the art of war  In the hood but not in yours, that's when the shotties rock  Watch where you're at man, the streets in a constant spar  Don't try to be a hero, that's what the cops are for  The lifestyle we lead is money, whiskey, and weed  And gun battles make it risky indeed  No money, more problems got my city in need  It's CA all day where we hustle and bleed  Scrape the Cali concrete for dope  Stay hungry in the street cause this music shit's about to blow  Trying to stay out of the county so I dodge the law  And these enemies that plot my fall, fuck em all If all hoods are the same, let me tell you about mine  All these young kids doing street level crime  Some on the run and some doing time  We gotta turn these kids to a sickside mind Atlanta is sick, Philly stay sick  Texas sick, the whole block sick  When you're out on the street doing dirt with your clique  Just remember the legit gets the law of the dick The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Slaine f/ B-Real, Jaysaun Album: A World With No Skies Song: Crazy Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Slaine] This song is about goin crazy Losin your fuckin mind Stayin out too many days at a time Yeah I'm starin down a dark tunnel and I can't see the light Rats crawlin everywhere, you know how they be at night I got a gun in my hand, and I gotta squeeze it tight I'm tryin to get out of here, no one said it's easy right? My stomach is queasy like, I got a fuckin lump in my throat More than a decade, I'm searchin and I'm huntin for hope Soakin in alcohol, smokin usin somethin to cope but how much water can you bail from your boat, 'fore it sinks? My hijinks, made my eyes chink, pink from the lye stink Pockets broke made want to rob things Fuck this rap shit! My city's full of suicide kings So from here on, this is now a do or die thing [Chorus 2X: Slaine] I got a baby on the way, mad bills to pay But I took too many God damn pills today And I can't get out of this haze, out of my bed Can't get these sick thoughts outta my head - I'm goin crazy [B-Real] I don't wanna talk shit, but this weed in my pocket is makin me crazy, just get me a straight-jacket and lock it I'm fueled like a rocket, the topic of conversation is I'm a little +Insane in the Brain+, and I can spark it Like a suicide bomber, homey I'm ready to bomb it Adrenaline takin over, think I'm gonna vomit But I can promise you one thing, I walk it like I talk it If I shoot a comet at you better hope that you can duck it Fuck it, I'm annoyed with some of these shitty rappers Tryin to turn the fuckin lights out just call me The Clapper Cause homeboy is a poser, takin it so far I put you on the corner where most of my hoes are, and [Chorus 2X: B-Real] You can make money for daddy, just don't be mad at me But this is what happens any time you throw a jab at me You can take a stab at me, and really get peeled maybe It's time to put you away, homey I'm still crazy [Jaysaun] Lord forgive me I'm surrounded by sin, insects crawlin under my skin Demons knockin at the door of my mind, I feel like lettin 'em in What you call drug dependency I call settin a trend I was always into drugs, just nobody caught me I learned it from the best teachers, my family taught me I got knocked went to trial, guess what that bought me? The aura of invincibility, you can't stop me My great grandfather was a doctor, his son was a doctor Soon as I found pussy, I wanted to play doctor~! In my middle school locker I had a bottle of vodka Took a shot at lunchtime, sprayed my breath with Binaca I'm no psycho, my sheet says I'm a sociopath I enjoy prescription pills and blowin that grass What you callin big cash, I would throw in the stash That weed you saying's exotic I throw in the trash [Chorus 2X: Jaysaun] I got nothin to live for except a 40 cal slug Waitin up in the barrel I can take it in the mug Everybody hates Jay, that don't faze me I never learned karate, but I know crazy The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Snoop Dogg f/ B-Real, Pharrell Album: The Blue Carpet Treatment Song: Vato Typed by: mcgreezy87@aol.com [Snoop Dogg] Man don't you know that I'm loco Uh-huh, hmm... I was chillin, right around my way (way!) 21st eastside of the Beach This motherfucker ran up on me talkin shit with his homies like he was a straight.. G Askin where I'm from while he runnin up  Gangbang, my set on e'ry one of 'em (true) Some things, sons they just won't change Fools don't respect nuttin but the gangbang (bang!) What's seen is what's saw, Dogg is the law I have you niggaz runnin like a marathon Little G's tryna creep, wanna ease with it Talkin 'bout they gon' get my chain and they gon' leave with it (nmm hmm!) But they don't know once they get close it's Tic-Tac Toe, three motherfuckers laid on the floor (watch out!) Yeah, this happened yesterday On the West they spray - I heard the esse say, he said... [Hook: B-Real] + (Snoop Dogg) Vato, you won't believe what I saw I saw these pack of guys and they act real hard (and what they do?) They twist the fingers and said, "You know who we are" He said, "I don't give a fuck, I'm Snoop Doggy Dogg" (uh huh!) They keep buckin and it went too far So Snoopy, he went straight to the trunk of his car (and what he get?) He got his gun and they start runnin hard He started firing and then he just charged [Break 2X: Snoop Dogg] (BLAOWW!) Run nigga, run nigga! (BLAOWW!) Duck nigga, duck nigga! (BLAOWW!) Run, motherfucker run! (BLAOWW!) Run, motherfucker run! [Snoop Dogg] I didn't mean to hit what I hit Now that's three motherfuckers dead now I ain't seen shit But these niggaz'll scream for plea Before a G like me, it's just a case really you could see I crack the Mac back and pop off rollin And smack ya neck back, ya drop off, fallin I haven't seen my momma in a week And she ain't even ran her mouth about me Fuck that, I ain't give a fuck about the law Niggaz say they wanna brawl, you would think that they were brawlers Believing all the things that you never saw In it y'all, been a Dogg, smoke you like a Menthol You think you know? But this can't go You think you'll blow? On my door? What the fuck yo! See these niggaz proceed to speed so fulfill the need to leave or you'll hear my enemies goin... [Hook] + [Break] [Snoop Dogg] I wouldn't be the nigga that I am if I didn't pop niggaz in their mouth God... damn! And Snoop'll keep one foot on the streets And leave 'em covered in sheets, run with them niggaz with the heat You never seen a thug like dis You never seen a dub like me And I ain't weak for wanting peace in fact I could be "Beast of the East" motherfucker! I never hesitate to blaze (blaze!) A nigga really tryna change his ways We gotta move my team, cause my peoples      is screaming that we need more for fun or it's illegal  Put the bang on the song, make it feel like a drive-by (drive-by!) It's a shame but somebody's gotta die (die!) They see it happens state-to-state but when I'm mobbin L.A., all I hear the esse's say - they go... [Hook] + [Break] [Snoop Dogg and Pharrell] Snoop Dogg, him bust gunshots Skateboard P, they say him bust gunshots DPG, them bust gunshots BBC, you know them bust gunshots (come again, now!) Snoop Dogg, him bust gunshots Skateboard P, you know him bust gunshots (come again, now!) BBC, them bust gunshots DPGC, you know them bust gunshots (come again, now!) [A girl speaking] I'm tired of hearin all that bullshit When you gon' play some of that good shit... damn I mean give me some like a... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Snoop Dogg f/ B-Real, Mr. Lil' One/Lil' Uno Album: Kings Of The West Mixtape/ MySpace Exclusive Song: Vato (Unofficial Remix) * Typed by: mcgreezy87@aol.com, no1wammy@hotmail.com * censored before release [Snoop Dogg] Heh heh Hmm [Verse 1: Snoop Dogg] I was chillin' Right around my way (Way) 21st, eastside of the Beach This little fool ran up on me Poppin' off with his homeys like he was a straight G Askin' where I'm from, while he runnin' the Gangbang, my set on every one of 'em (Twenties) Some things, son, they just don't change Fools don't respect nothin' but to gangbang (Bang!) What's seen is what's saw, Dogg with the law I have you suckers runnin' like a marathon Blue G's tryin' to creep, on the ease with it Talkin' about, they gon' get my chain, and they gon' leave with it But they don't know Once they get close That's tic-tac toe Three little G's laid on the floor (Watch out) Yeah, this happened yesterday On the west, they spray I heard a ese say He said Chorus: B-Real (Snoop Dogg) Vato, you won't believe what I saw I saw these pack of guys and they act real hard (And what they do?) They twist their fingers, said, "You know who we are" He said "I don't give a [{*fuck*}], I'm Snoop Doggy Dogg" (Uh huh) They keep talkin' and it went too far So Snoopy, he went straight to the trunk of his car (And what he get?) He got his gun and they start runnin' hard He started firing and then he just charged Hook: [Pharrell] BLAOWW! [Snoop Dogg] Run...     Run... [Pharrell] BLAOWW! [Snoop Dogg] Duck...     Duck... [Pharrell] BLAOWW! [Snoop Dogg] Run, mother[{*fucker*}], run...     Run, mother[{*fucker*}], run... [Pharrell] BLAOWW! [Snoop Dogg] Run, mother[{*fucker*}], run...     Run, mother[{*fucker*}], run... Repeat Hook [Verse 2: Mr. Lil' One] Lil' Uno get it crackin', better ask somebody Put some Gotti in my Loti like Illuminati So special, it's Dego to the dome piece Bald-head Mashin' in the Hummy by my lonely And little mamas get to jockin' when they see me walkin' Well respected, better listen, when the streets is talkin' I seen it all, sense a little G, in the hall Black and brown, padded down, in a wrong call And all you so-called weenies that been puffin' Uno be like God's walk, snype you for the roof, and I pull that wig back, live and die, by the code To the homeys, on hold, tryin' to get parole Hearts swole We products of the ghetto Like street soldier, trainer, take flight on sight Uh Gladiators Mashin' on you haters It's Sicko all day, uh, this is what they all say Repeat Chorus Repeat Hook Twice [Verse 3: Snoop Dogg] I wouldn't be, the G that I am If I didn't pop suckers in their mouth, I'll be (Damn) And Snoop'll keep one foot on the streets And leave 'em covered in sheets Run with the homeys with the heat You never seen a thug like this You never seen a dub like me And I ain't weak for wanting peace In fact, I could be Beast of the East, you lil' busta I never hesitate to blast (Blast) Look I'm really tryin' to change my ways I gotta move my team, cause my people's Is screaming that we need more, but (???) is illegal Ba-ba-bang on the song, make it feel like a driveby (Driveby) It's a shame, but somebody's gotta die (Die) They say it happens state to state But when I mob in L.A. All I hear the eses say They go Repeat Chorus Repeat Hook Twice [Snoop Dogg] Snoop Dogg Yem bust gunshots Skateboard P, they say him bust gunshots D.P.G. Dem bust gunshots B.B.C. You know dem bust gunshots Come again, now Snoop Dogg Yem bust gunshots Skateboard P, yeah know him bust gunshots Come again, now B.B.C. Dem bust gunshots D.P.G., see, yeah know dem bust gunshots Come again, now The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tash f/ B-Real, Outkast, Phil the Agony Album: Rap Life Song: SmokeFest 1999 Typed by: Nature2QBC@aol.com [Tash] Smoke this blunt Yo, everybody grab a seat, welcome to Smoke Fest '99 I'm glad you all could make it As you can see admission was free this Smoke Fest this year All the weed you see is free, but the blunts cost sixty bucks baby  (Sixty bucks??!!) CaTashTraphe, I shoot it through, dipped in twenty-four karats If y'all niggas don't feel me, then I blame it on your parents Cuz Tash fuck it up, don't twist it up wit luck My style is cold like I bought it off the icecream truck Listen here, Tash be crashin niggas wit my beer Tash be partied down as fuck swingin off the chandelier Tash be here, Tash be there Tash be everywhere it's poppin I'm here to let you know fuckin wit me's not an option Cuz Tash is my name, Tash'll start it wit a bang Tash'll end it wit a *gun shots* that's not the same thing Tash'll split your frame, Tash swings like gold chains I be rollin wit King T, and we all in the same game But enough about CaTash, let's talk about some skrill You know it's bout to pop if Likwit Crew is on the bill You can ask my nigga Phil how real this is, the weed Smoke Fest '99 burn something to the beat *Tash in background* Damn man, y'all came all the way from where, man?   "All the way from Mobile, Alabama." Oh yeah, you came to smoke some blunt?  "Yessir, we came to smoke some blunts wit you baby." Smoke, Smoke Fest time [Big Boi] Yeah yeah yeah I was lookin to get my skull blowed up like Kid Dynamtie The time is right Be ridin the track so fiercely that it seems I'm already high tonight But I'm not though just on them Black & Mild's And people thinkin I'm the wild one cuz I be flippin And rippin the track and verbally attackin on yo' style for fun Higher soul but to please myself I gotta be composin that fly shit And you notifying Alkaholiks daily So punk mufucker you better dub bitch What do you need boy, rap and some my boys are still in the trap I mean the dope spot, but the slangin got my snappin like the rope hot I can be the player you wanna bust wit  Or nigga you don't even wanna go fuck wit Or nup wit, you suck dick, so why you all up on my nuts quick I hold the microphone and that's wit a vice grip Really tightly, and I'm keepin the words crystal clear So you gon' correct when you try to bite thee Very nicely, Aquemini my nigga, not a Pisces But I likely, gon' fetch a sack of that green stuff While I write G, yeah yeah right [Dre] Yeah, check this out yeah Hard life, now picture this A nigga in jail, rappin while his folk in the next cell Tappin wit some spoons, we do rank the boom boom Fresh off a planet wit sand dunes and maroon moons Soakin wet wounds, titty tanglin tunes Musty under arms, soul shlong charm Bump off in the drums, rhythm on the one Stankonious under smellin where I'm comin from son The day you bone is when you start to die The time in between us will mean the most, I toast my high Shit gets so bad, I know it make you wanna cry But suck it up, button up, go ahead and do your thing For I'm already high Smoke, Smoke Fest time [Phil The Agony] Yo yo yo Whenever I'm writing, you can call me Philly Titan Receiting to you an interview like Phil Donahue Me and my crew, translate Los Angeles Scandalous, like Watergate Phil on the break, Phil on the break Phil/fill in the blank, it feels bad like gettin shanked File up your taxes, I'm writin exact on my axis From my head down to my Air Max's Phil waxes and relaxs Phil also fills up mental food up in your ?deadly gases? My name is Jason when I fill out my application To the nation, niggas is gonna get in filled what they facin Phil/feel the ration, Phil/feel the adrenaline I penetrate like penicillin, niggas be like "Phil is illin!" Phil is willin and ready Phil is Raw like Eddie Phil be cuttin up like machetes and confetti Deadly, Phil/feel the pain when I walk through the rain Niggas be like "He sayin Phil again, Phil again, Phil again" Smoke, Smoke Fest time [Tash] Hey hey hey Peace rap world, I'd like to make a special announcement right about now We have a special guest that just stepped in the house You know this man, he the smokiest cat in rap music He goes by the name of the Doctor Greenthumb, smoke em out [B-Real] Now I be, rollin and smokin And holdin the golden sack When my lungs be gettin swollen, hittin the bong foldin For chronic ironic, growin the hydroponic We got it, robotic hits you on melodic tricks of sonic Smoke Fest, expandin your chest Buddah bless best, for you to step back cuz your lyrics are like cess weed Yes indeed, the session you need to retrieve it It's ten niggas in a circle smokin a spliff, believe it Retrieve it, over the counter, can you conceive it I give you Doctor Greenthumb digits, don't repeat it The Brew Crew and the Buddah Masters together Gettin you higher and fuckin you up that much faster Six sacks, blunt leafs, pipes and bong-bowls All be gettin smoked at the Buddah head shows Excuse me if it seems too complicated The herb I hold is platinum while yours is nickel plated Let me mash out, I'm breakin the stash out, the hash out I roll into the studio and smoke my nigga Tash out Wit that Doctor Greenthumb shit, know what I mean? Smoke, Smoke Fest time The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tony Touch f/ B-Real Album: The Piece Makers 3: Return of te 50 MC's Song: Hit This Typed by: Gemini_20502K@Yahoo.com [Intro] Never-Never been shot, or never been knocked out One of the longest livin legends of this here Check it out! [Verse One: B-Real] My homie Toca Tony Touch roll the dutch up I got the kush he got the sour now we fucked up This ain't for lightweights we play the game for high stakes Boostin up the crime rate to make it in your mind state Legalize it is the message on the weed leaf Follow my campaign on B-Real TV And you can see me, Tony on the weekly Smokin out the club we never do it discretly We stay elevated they hate that we celebrated We don't give fuck it's for those who will appreciate it We just initiate it then call it a day homie Now you blaze 50 mc's a day homie Blazin on your mixtape people catch your contact Like smokers catchin bodies on the field when in combat No stress don't test homie stall that Take a hit of my weed then watch a rookie fall back The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tony Touch f/ Cypress Hill Album: The Piece Maker Song: U Know the Rules (Mi Vida Loca) Typed by: goldenarms_10304@yahoo.com [Tony Touch] Well it's the alley cat, puffin on a hoody mack Some say I'm a titere, but yo I ain't all of that Hit you wit a baseball bat if you try to ill though Fuck around you get bucked on the hill bro Mr. Tony Toca, rollin wit the joker East L.A. to Bushwick, cosa nostra Bring it to you bitch ass clicks like we supposed Cypress Hill in full effect wit the mota Ain't nuthin changed but the date, so fuck wit jake Expect me to cut the cake, it's much to late I'm takin it all, send you to the back of the line Breakin you off, watchin you react to the rhyme Me packin the nine, nah that's a whole other game Cuz if I'm forced to pull out, I'mma blow out ya brain Yo, what we feel, never go wit the grain It's Tony Touch and B-Real still goin insane [Chorus 2X] Mi Vida Loca, get blast Money moves, you snooze you loose Punk nigga, you know the rules We strike first, we hit hard, no regard And move weight, international, state to state [B-Real] Maginifico, here we go, me and Tony Toca My name ain't Ricky but I'm livin the vida loca Serial rhyme killa, the paper spinner Eatin the pussy sup, havin you for dinner Like a fur tinner, makin you loose it over the years like a winner I can't abuse like a picketer, I send it a flow, control temper We into the party, wit bounce and yo go get ya All this other shit don't really matter I'd rather be open your grave, relivin my bladder Ain't nothin sadder, the Mad Hatter Make a fine cheddar, keep climbin the ladder You try follow after, I'm sorry to shatter your dream Splatter your spleens, scatter your teams Bad as it seems, niggas will follow the beam Money cream, funny things, happen when you runnin things [Chorus 2X] [B-Real] Time to put a little pressure, but the addresser You get no lesser, microphone finesser Rhymes go like pressure, and listen never Whether you gather to go, never become richer Keep the punk nigga bitch up Pain change like a woman ass switch up You rhyme on the mic like you ate a dick up Mouth full, blown talk, not to hiccup Pick up your brain off the ground wit the vacuum cleaner Life's a bitch like Elliott Misdemeanor I have you ass up wit the sharp cleaver, thru the receiver Spot it like rhyme weaver, follow the leader Shit's off the fuckin meter, drum beater Side reader, while we puffin the cold 'hebba [Chorus .6X] [Tony Touch] Yeah Mr. Cocotasso, hit you wit a baso Say hello to my little friend, posa caso Tato, now that's all she wrote Muthafuckas think I fell for the okie doke But you can quote me loke, cuz the joke's on you Soul Assassins in the house, you better hold on to Now you can watch these rap niggas just roll on through Or you can get up and get involved it's on you U know the rules The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Transplants f/ B-Real Album: Haunted Cities Song: Killafornia Typed by: eminabe5383@aol.com [Chorus: Rob Aston] This is Killafornia! Home of the killers Killa killafornia Home of the killers smoke clears only one winner Killafornia home of the killers [Verse 1: B-Real] So many dreams that I'm chasin' So many fuckas are hatin' Somebody show me the hatin Show me a gun cause I'm waitin' Throw me a bone I'll be beggin' Only so much that I'm takin' Pain in your privates still achin' Misunderstood and complacent You want to settle with mettle There ain't no medal of honor You want to strike like a general but you end up like a goner Bring your frirnd if you wanna It's only fair that I'll warn ya I'm a killer from California Ready for action and drama [Verse 2: Rob Aston] If you want it we got it from prostitutes to narcotics Have you empty your pockets I'll fuckin' blow with the product Runnin' away you can't stop it I just suggest that you drop it These fuckers making me cocky Cause they mistakin' me, mockin' I'll leave 'em brain dead and baffled When they come here with scaffles Never tryin to be gaffled that's why I aim for the apple From the hood to the castle I won't stand for the hassle Grand prize for the raffle? Napalm and schrapnel [Chorus: Rob Aston] This is Killafornia! Home of the killers Killa killafornia Home of the killers smoke clears only one winner Killafornia home of the killers [Verse 3: B-Real] got the dreamers and schemers And the ballers with beamers so many leeches beneath us and they wishing they heed us You'll salute like a fetus you can never defeat us bring all your heaters to heat us when you attempt to defeat us you be try to imagine what happens when you impart with some garbage everything in life is so tragic no matter who is the hardest no matter who your god is I'm telling you fuckers regardless Don't even get me started I can be so retarded [Verse 4: Rob Aston] It's like blessing from satan the world is mine for the taking bent over model of makin and yet still I'm a shake em we take the name that we breakin any rules that you makin' Ain't nothin pertaining I turn a pig into bacon I'll save my aim for the cause And always make with the glove down with the spray at the club and let 'em say who it was bitch I'm a failure at love unless you cater to thugs you can mess me with hugs I'll fuckin piss you with slugs The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Transplants f/ Sen Dog Album: Haunted Cities Song: Not Today Typed by: Eminabe5383@aol.com * * send corrections to the typist [Chorus: Rob Aston] Fuck no, not today! No chance, no way! It's my life, my say! Fuck no, no way! [Verse 1: Rob Aston] True love is the bill's and a gun Can't stop, won't stop till it's over and done What it looks like, I ain't the one Hard times gettin' worse, and it's only begun I push a cadillac, gold biarittz I got everything you want, don't ask me for shit I fucked your girl, You should ask about me But it couldn't get worse, it's as bad as can be Hypocrite, you do it the same I don't give fuck though It's part of the game I go for mine, I go for broke I pack a 9', let's smoke You want to do it, we can do it, let's go You's a punk motherfucker, get done like a ho We roll dice, life is a gamble Make me a million dollars, make you an example [Chorus: Rob Aston] Fuck no, not today! No chance, no way! It's my life, my say! Fuck no, no way! [Verse 2: Tim Armstrong] I got punk rockers all around me I got friends who understand me (What?) So my enemies, they can't stop me When the hard times come my friends stand beside me Ahh, check it, my technique is flawless Ahh, wreck it, a fucking lawless Sharp as a fox and your flawless Judge told the verdict, said "the Transplants are timeless" Get back bitch, run for cover Lyin' snitch, watch you stutter T-plants, there's no other One for one and all my brothers I live my life like there's no tomorrow I don't give a fuck 'cause that's my motto So listen up man, won't you hear me now? Roll with skins and punks and criminals [Chorus: Rob Aston] Fuck no, not today! No chance, no way! It's my life, my say! Fuck no, no way! [Verse 3: Sen Dog] It's my life, my way Everybody does what the fuck I say I represent who'se from back in the day Real gang bangers from the south of LA Keep your mouth shut, cuz I don't wanna hear it All the negativity bringing up my spirit Matter of fact, don't even come around Cuz I don't want people looking at me like I'm a clown I'm serious dog, left you out of business I motherfucking kept the pace, can I get a witness? I ain't hearing but you telling me But where I'm standing, you look like the enemy Stay back, put your back, keep your distance Mac dog been known to set track from a distance Don't you take this funny or lightly Might cheef, or cut, and rip a fool that might try to fight me [Chorus: Rob Aston] Fuck no, not today! No chance, no way! It's my life, my say! Fuck no, no way! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Warren G f/ B-Real, Snoop Dogg, Ice Cube, Side Effect Album:  In The Mid-Nite Hour Song:   Get U Down Part 2 Typed by: rollinlacs@yahoo.com (Intro, Warren G) This song is dedicated to all my people That was caught up in hurricane Katrina Louisiana, Mississippi, Alabama We ridin with y'all You know what I'm sayin? I feel your pain We gon' make it through this y'all Yeah Come on (Verse 1, Warren G) We here today, then gone tomorrow It's got me singin a Marvin Gaye song It made me wanna holla So I hop in my Impala Just to cruise, shake my blues It's hard to follow Hard to swallow what they sayin on the news Good Lord, it's a crazy world Watchin cops puttin cuffs on a five year old girl Racism, racism, got our babies in the system Mom and daddies in the prison That's intention, no division They the ones that's all you got They keep the families divided Keep it gangsta, keep it real That's all I hear, but I dont buy it When it's Revolution time, all these fool's will keep quiet Like shhhh, you can-you can hear a pin drop Can't go to one-ten cuz I might get popped People shootin on the freeway, when will it stop? But stay strong, cause the rain don't last And push the war up in 'em, will fix the price on gas (Hook, Side Effect) Don't let nobody, no-o-o one Get you doooowwwwnnnnn Cause if they do, if they do I'll be arouuuunnnndddd (Verse 2, Ice Cube) Why the black and the brown got to fight in the Pen. The black and the brown, they squabbin again Them God damned sheriffs, is laughin again It all stink, keep yo ass out the wind See the black and the brown, we can share the same land When I was a slave, where the hell did I ran? California man, it was full of mexi-cans Look mu-fasa, this is they casa Just, kick back and enjoy the sunshine Live ya life, stay away from one-time Get'cha money man, find the lunch line This ain't a joke, homie where's the punch line? The ghetto is a trap homie, take the cheese Soon as you do it, here come the police Invented and designed for us to fail Homie, don't you end up dead or in jail (Hook) Don't let nobody, no-o-o one Get you doooowwwwnnnnn Cause if they do, if they do I'll be arouuuunnnndddd (Verse 3, B-Real) What's really good? What's really hood? What's really goin on? Open your eyes and ears Wipin your eyes from tears From all the lies and fears People get blinded here Let me define it clear You gotta cross the bed Tell 'em some thoughts, oppressed Someone who flosses there You gettin lost in there Homie they cost they fares Niggas get bought and passed Tell us, get caught somewhere Never get tortured, kid I heard the shot from there Hit on the spot, from where Right on the street, prepared Levels of heat, you there Spit at my feet, I swear I will retreat, for years People deceive the peers Make you believe the cheers But underneath the smears I keep switchin gears Fall in my sleep, I wear For all the seekin shake You got a dime to spare? You sound so sincere You're bottom line, bitch yea You sound so sincere (Hook) (Verse 4, Snoop Dogg) I try to do right I don't wanna do wrong I'm doin better things Man, I wanna live long Ain't too many fools out there harder than me I love football so much, man I started a league Oh what a pity, is made for the inner city Used to be dark, but now the park's real pretty Lil' boys outside, throwin footballs In the hood y'all Hey Snoop Dogg, how could y'all? Let 'em pass instead of blast The football field is a class And I'ma teach ya, teach ya my lesson Shotgun formation, no Smithson, no Wesson The haters keep stressin And everybody wanna ask me the question Hey Boss Dogg, how you feel now? You helpin out the kids, and they still hatin on ya, wow! (Outro, Warren G) You know what I'm sayin There's a lot goin on in this world But we gotta keep on pushin and movin and groovin You know what I'm sayin? Yea, even though we got these hard times We still gotta keep it steady, ya know? Keep pushin So I want y'all to ride with me and cha-cha to this Dedicated to my people out there strugglin (Stay strong) Single parents, nine-to-five, steady hustlin (Stay strong) College students workin hard to be somethin (Stay strong) Anybody makin somethin out of nothin (Stay strong) Dedicated to my people on lock down (Stay strong) Anybody lost somebody, wish they still around (Stay strong) To all the soldiers fighting for us on foreign ground (Stay strong) To one and all, turn them frowns upside down (Hook) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Xzibit f/ B-Real, Demrick, Jelly Roll Album: Napalm Song: Crazy * Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  * deluxe edition bonus track [Demrick] We too hungry so most games we don't play Get lifted like toupees 'til next Tuesday Dick-riders are gay, known to go both ways Yeah you lovin my shit, ohh you don't say This a new meanin of dead right Put 'em to bed with a lead pipe, lights out, good night This ain't a song that the choir sing This is aviation, deader nation, devastatin e'rything Wipe the canvas clean, life ain't a fantasy I get lit like kerosene and people start panicking And this the natural laws of attraction My words cut through like saws and axes I bring the flames like the son of Sampson My crew +Bring the Pain+ like Wu-Tang Clan did Couldn't spend a day in these shoes I stand in Take off, no landin, the world gon' crash in [Chorus: Jelly Roll] Hennessy and kush deadly combination The only way I'm feelin safe is if I got my gun Bodies disappearin on the daily baby I keep tellin myself I don't wanna die So I smoke green, stay high as a motherfucker No games, you be gone tryin to run up on us People die for less on the strength of nothin If you ain't got your gun hidden in a close stash you crazy! [Jelly Roll] Ohh you crazy [Interlude] Yeah, yeah we know about that new shit they got jumpin off man Y'all better get aboard that shit Big Tray Deee in this motherfucker Give it up for my nigga Eastside up homie [Xzibit] What you know about dyin over dumb shit? (DAMN!) What you know about runnin from the government? My brigade's self-made from the ground up Round up the renegades, time to tear the town up Founding fathers arrivin in Impalas with the brains blew back All dressed in black React with gauges and Macs, way back when I was droppin off packs Street money stack, Wall Street collapse I'm like, hold my calls, personally involved You touch one, you fuckin with us all, it's the code Better read the graffiti, we the shit, 'round here Left in itty-bitty pieces in the ground somewhere We the gritty shitty people fuck around, rounds clear (rounds clear) Man down (man down) disappear For 15 to 25 years so you got your GUN {"So when I'm on the streets I walk around with a bigger one!"} YEAH! [B-Real] You cannot trace my movements, keepin you busters silent I got an ill temper, disposition violent I have hallucinations, in need of medication I'm unstable like a mental patient I need some conversation, because I'm losin focus My concentration is broken, fuck it, I'm hopeless I got my own agenda, breakin your head open So I can see what you're thinkin, it's so thought-provokin Yeah I'm fuckin crazy, they call me lunatic The deadly viper, pied piper, and I'm soon to spit I got a lot of anger, pent-up aggression dude You better watch who you askin the wrong question to You need a lesson too, here's a confession dude A live stream us reckon you for a session view We got a million lurkers, we overran the servers We popped the burners then the preacher, the coffin, the service [Outro: Jelly Roll] Ohh you crazy Crazy! Ohh you crazy The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Xzibit f/ Bishop Lamont, B-Real, Demrick Album: Napalm Song: Killer's Remorse Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Intro: Xzibit] {*sniffling*} Ohh, I'm sorry man I'm sorry man! {*crying*} AHH MAN! I'm sorry dude! Ah, ah, AHHHHHH! {*sobbing*} [Chorus: Xzibit] I'm sorry I met you, I'm sorry I hurt you I'm sorry I killed you, I'm sorry I murked you Cause I'm all alone now, nobody is with me Nobody to threaten like they about to come get me I wish I could go back to where we began I wish you was alive so I can kill you again Yeah, I wish we had more paths to cross Nobody even cares or thinks about my loss My killer's remorse [Bishop Lamont] It's funny how the same shit we laugh at can be the very same shit that gets your bitch ass clapped Your throat slit, neck snapped, drowned in your own pool out back I'll kill your cats and dogs too but shit I don't count that I'm the angel of death, I strangle 'til there's no breath I kill and kill kill 'til there ain't nobody left My conscience don't inhibit me, I kill deliberately Tryin to be like God cause God kills indiscriminately I'm so Christian, I'm so Muslim Suicide bomb your mom crib if you push him Parallel to hell, I'm ready so Satan what's cookin? Rappers runnin they mouth, they don't know how close they bitch asses come to gettin turned into ghosts Nigga I will kill you, don't get it crossed Memories fade just as blood washes off I said memories fade just as blood washes off Hope to see you soon [B-Real] I feel so guilty, my hands are filthy from decoratin your face all over the building I'll say it sincere, if I ain't makin it clear I'll write it on the wall with your blood, "Man I wish you were here" But you moved on at your funeral, I'll read you Islam I'll hug your mom, tell your sister and the kids to be calm I won't tell 'em you're gone, you're just sleepin and dreamin on C'est la vie, we smoked you like the weed in the bong [Demrick] Yeah! Have you ever seen a blood stain? I know that person has returned from where he once came Heh, regret is such an ugly thang Only if you let it fuck with your brain But it ain't gon' change a fuckin thang What's done is done, chalk that shit up to the game You're still dead while I'm still alive And I never got the chance to utilize my best alibi! [Xzibit] It started with bullshit, escalated to violence In result of the violence infinite permanent silence Now I feel empty, not even existing My worst enemy is no longer against me I remember the hatred, and how it consumed me And you felt the same thing, but never could move me A shot to the face, is nothin like in the movies The back of your brain is out, the body keeps moving So I should rejoice now, because you are past tense The last of my enemies, the last of you bastards The dirt on yo' casket, now I'm so alone now You was my reason to carry my gauge and my chrome out So now I just zone out, and wait for the contact And live for the combat, but now we're beyond that And I'll take it all back if I knew what I knew now What's a shooter without somebody to shoot down? Yeah~! 