The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Del the Funky Homosapien Album: I Wish My Brother George Was Here Song: What Is a Booty? [After a bunch of P-Funk, Del kicks one verse] I've returned from the meadow with a fellow named X two turntables and a spark upon his set wet behind the ears from the tears of my peers rap is outta control that's what we fear so we collapse any actual threats with the new batch of catchy little quirks and it works like a charm as I bomb and alarm any listeners coming through crisper on your transistors so we can eliminate the frauds filled with pride as the audience applauds might sound odd to the average Joe Schmoe the new school passed ya ass like Flo Jo Dodo me and CM-PX both construct like Kid Creole and the Coconuts as we drop the bomb with a blast and now all the natives ask... [Chorus: "What is a booty and how do I know if I'm shaking it?. . .] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Del the Funky Homosapien Album: I Wish My Brother George Was Here Song: Mistadobalina [Chorus: "Mistadobalina, Mr. Bob Dobalina. . .] Mistadobalina, Mistabobdobalina, Mistabobdobalina, won't you quit you really make me sick with ya fraudulent behavior you're gonna make me flip and then an army couldn't save ya why don't you behave ya little rugrat take a little tip from the tabloid because I know I'm not paranoid when I say I saw ya tryin' to mock me now you and your crew are on a mission tryin' to hawk me but it isn't happenin' ya fraudulent foes you used to front big time now I suppose that everything's cool since the style of apparel you adopted you used to make fun of but now you wanna rock it so you gotta kick it with the homies but D-E-L is already hip to your cronies me and CM-PX thought about this and never have we seen a brother who could look like Mista, Mista, Mistadobalina... Ooooo, ooooo, mistadobalina you thought ya could manipulate you thought you could fool me Ooooo, ooooo, mistadobalina ?_____? put me on a stump and then he schooled me friends can be fraudulent just you wait and see first he was my moneygrip then he stole my honeydip mistadobalina is a serpent don't you agree the little two-tima resembles Aunt Jemima with jeans and a dirty white hoodie seems like he wouldn't be a snake or would he disguises come in all sizes and shapes notice the facade of the snakes they all catch the vapes even though last year they was GQ took a little time before the D-E-L could see through the mask all I had to do was ask ?_____? and Kwame and my man responded they would bomb a fraudulent foe with the strength of Hercules the way ya on my dick must really hurt ya knees you need to take heed and quit being such a groupie ever since I did a little show in Guadeloupee I neva saw a groupie like you but what is funny is ya wanted to be down with my crew but D-E-L is not down with any clowns or jesters so I would suggest that ya try to impress Uncle Fester dobolina because ya don't impress me dobolina the style of dress is not the key dobolina it's all in the mind and the heart so you should start by remembering ya gotta pay a fee dobolina The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Del the Funky Homosapien Album: I Wish My Brother George Was Here Song: The Wacky World of Mass Transit Fresh from the meadow with a mellow attitude I was plannin' to persue another quest for the bus I had to go to San Fran, it's something that I can't stand It's beggin' for a ride with ma dukes makes a fuss I don't like fussin' so I ask my older cousin Could he maybe find time to give the D-E-L a lift He said it is impossible because he has a roster full of plans for the day I had to go and sift through pennies in my jeans To many it may seem that the public transportation really isn't keen And I agree with the theory Because it's 3:30 and the bus was due at 2:35 I wear my Girbauds so I can wait with pride I waited at the bus stop feeling kinda high From a spliff that I smoked I riffed and provoked A liitle scene when the bus arrived late like a joke With a corny punchline And it was only lunchtime The bus should've been here, the driver had much time To get is act together No matter what the weather Now I'm sittin' at the bus stop waitin' like forever [SKIT #1] When oh when is the bus gonna come I'm getting sick and tired of the wait When oh when is the bus gonna come Well here comes a pack of about 14 Lookin' real mean with hoodies and jeans And bad attitudes and I wasn't in the mood For no head on collision with the hoods Try to use my transfer but it's no good Would these rough lookin' kids get busy with the youngsta Amongst the many who must catch rapid transit to get through the city I'm not certain But if I go sit in the back it's curtains Kids wanna ride the back What kinda shit is that? Nowadays niggas can't wait to hit the back Let me stand in the front with the elderly So those other cats won't raise hell with me [SKIT #2] Oh golly gee, not another day on the 46A I should've caught the 46B 'Cause dukes takes the mass scene and group through the trees And shoots the breeze with the ladies Look at that around the way girl Yeah, I see her (whistle) More crack than a drug dealer A kid sits by me with a gang of afro sheen on I'm not Joe Clark and I would hate for him to lean on My shoulder and try to hold a conversation 'Cause I don't have the patience When oh when is the bus gonna reach its destination Question over space and time Wastin' time Word up, I can't take this line of nitwits I'm about to have a fit quick 'Cause this trip here is making me car sick Check out the brother with the loaded .38 Braggin' to his buddies about the money that he makes Sellin' crack viles like pancakes To baseheads just like the one That's sittin by the window starvin' for a fix He spent his last 80 cents on fare He raises up and lets me get in his chair Then I sit and take a snooze But I still lose 'Cause I cruise right past my stop Had to get off and walk 15 blocks. . . The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Del the Funky Homosapien Album: I Wish My Brother George Was Here Song: Pissin on Your Steps It's D-E-L the Funkee Homosapien to the rescue I'm solo and threw a bolo and left two dancers back on Soul Train and ya know Soul Train get the phat doodie stain now what ya gonna do with the board with no talent using step 1 & step 2 to keep the show valid let's have a vote and try to register our ballots and realise a Hammer's just a mallet toss him like a salad cause he ain't truly gifted now the party's lifted by the crew HIEROGLYPHICS golly-wolly, not another Elvis & Priscilla Ice is cool, but I can't stand Vanilla because he takes a style and tries to mock it ain't nothin' personal, G but I'm kinda inta chocolate it's all about the black and it's like that and I'm so laid back cause I smoked a phat sack plus I'm almost through & done with a whole 40-dog of Olde English 800 now I peep ya concept ya think ya got a rep? Dance all day, while I'm pissin' on your steps. [CHORUS:] "Oooh, oooh, pissin' on your steps..." [BRIDGE] No Del is not a mean fellow just because I wanna turn your dance shoes yellow see I'm rather mellow some call it lazy me & myself and I ain't with the daisies cause I'm no g_ddam flower and every single dancer in circumference receives a golden shower I'm here to insult the hip hop John Travolta ya think ya all that but really you're shorter than a midget I don't fidgit, with the ballet, CUBE: Phuck a dancer! DEL: Because that's what my pals say and brothers don't shake ya rumps wearin' biker shorts is like chokin' on ya nuts because ya might end up with a cramp or a hernia and that's much worse, than a fine girl burnin' ya plus it ain't fly for you to have your behind blasted all out like a feline see I'm givin' you advice make ya think twice cause dance groups don't last past Minute Rice so change ya conept acquire some skills on the mic while I'm pissin' on your steps. [CHORUS:] "I gotta take a leak for the weak... (REPEAT)" The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Del the Funky Homosapien Album: I Wish My Brother George Was Here Song: Dark Skin Girls As simple as it sounds it's as simple as it ought to be light skin girls lack the dark skin quality ya don't understand? You want an explanation? Well let D-e-L release the frustration as I see it every single day light skin girls ain't satisfied unless they get their way always plus they act stuck up they all add up to one great big phuck up they try to play suck up when they want somethin' then always leave a brother with nothin' ya think ya look better cause ya skin's a little bit lighter? You're thinkin' you're my type like I was a typewriter? No, ya think ya all-uh-that and all-uh-this but you ain't really shit without a makeup kit see, ya might be light but ya ugly to me black is beautiful to me, that's beauty. [CHROUS:] "Dark skin girls are better than light skin, light skin girls ain't better than dark skin,... CUBE: I disagree homeboy!" Now lets get to the problems and see if there's a way to solve them problem #1, has got to be the attitude which is usually vain, selfish & rude personality, wit 'er nose stuck up so don't try talkin' to her or walkin' with her to class cause it's out of the question cause you bein' dark is the wrong complexion for her, she wish she was light, though I mean lighter than light or as close to white as possible but I fight to stay a brother you see, green and dark skin sisters are the color this don't apply to all the girls with light skin just the ones with their heads up their rear end cause if ya did, static would occur dark skin cuties is what I prefer now, look at her her vision is a blur cause contact lenses only let ya see Benzes plus she would fuss & cuss if I tried to talk to her cause I'm a man who rides the bus I get frustrated well, lets say I used to now a dark & lovely is who I give juice to so come on step to Del if ya with this this is the facts so brothers don't forget this. [CHORUS:] [INTERLUDE:] I can't understand you light skin wenches ya think ya all that cause ya have long extensions? Your hair was natural now ya got played out braids you woulda looked better with a fade dark skin girls are so fly, so honest, so sweet that's the type of girl I wanna meet complete, not phony or a fake like you are see, Del is bolder I tap you on the shoulder and say, 'Hey lighty could you tap that sister for me?' But you love Mr. Loveable so you'll just ignore me so find another tip that you can hop upon to get with me ya need some sun and some Coppertone you'll take a white boyfriend before a black one that's why Del has to stand and attack one next time you see a girl darker than you no disrespct when you met her, cause the girl looked better than you. [CHORUS:] [INTERLUDE:] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Del the Funky Homosapien Album: I Wish My Brother George Was Here Song: Money for Sex Let the buyer beware and prepare for the scare of 1991, yo brothers get dumb without no remorse, yo gas they hand and then they thrown off course, yo I coulda told ya so I'm no dummy girls out there will act funny for the money if ya rollin' in dough, she'll treasure ya instead of a pager she carries a cash register it's cool for the fool that just happens to be a crack dealer or rappin' back in the day it wasn't no problem cause it was ok, to just have a job then but, nowadays ya gotta have the status but, natives ain't goin' for the madness hey, they barely outta their teens 16 & 17 year olds livin' like queens cause, honey trips without the checks and ayo money trips without the sex so next is somethin' that natives don't need headaches & heartaches and I refuse to partake in money for sex in any form or fashion all ya hopes & dreams I'm like smashin' and I know otha brothas know how I feel so you can step cause (it ain't no big deal), [Chorus:] "Money for sex, money for sex, ring it up..." Where, oh where did the good girls go? It seems all that's left in the Meadow is hoes not the kinda hoe that you use in your garden yes the kinda hoe that'll make your dick harden but it's more than a dolla for a holla and more than a thousand for a peak up her blouse, and more than a million if ya have children cause nowadays girls wanna make like a killin' so babies come in handy and they'll just eat up your dough like candy give her some Brandy and let her roll around in the Benz and she'll give up the crotch and brag to all her friends thinkin' they can play me like a field trip that's why I slugged my honey dip cause that's more than I can stand and I'm the man who sets it right again bust they in the lip and the bitch will never bite again you ain't gettin' with my nubain brothers cause before you even hit them covers I warned 'em told 'em what was up before you bitches even swarmed him cause they'll be next if I didn't hip my brothers to the sex so you can try to rob and steal but we were right on ya heels because (it ain't no big deal), [Chorus:] You say crack sellers are swell fellas takin' you to school in his 5.0 like I don't know that your boyfriend is paid ya musta told me 18 times, the other day bamboo earings & gold teeth and I know you must be givin' up the whole piece he's just payin' for the sex and I know you prostitutes is playin' with the sex so who's next? Don't think that you can play the Homosapien cause I got plenty of friends that's like waiting in the trenches and I know your intentions you wanna be down with a rapper so you clap your thighs around my legs like a sandwich but I'm not famished your schemes & plots are outlandish tan is the color of my skin, but false is the color of your grin so you can't win this ain't no joke and honey dip you can quote note for note and squeal like a billygoat and tell your friends that Del is stuck up but in reality you phucked up now nubians ain't givin' money for the sex and ayo nubians ain't givin' money for the sex you stuck out in the cold like a mole on my asshole cause brothers ain't givin' up another red cent for the sex now, don't you look foolish? Ya gold diggin' ass looks goulish pale as a ghost cause ya post high like a man is a big wheel because (it ain't no big deal). [Chorus:] [Bridge:] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Del the Funky Homosapien Album: I Wish My Brother George Was Here Song: Ahonetwo Ahonetwo [Chorus:] "Ahonetwo, ahonetwo, I like it..." I'm chocolate like a Barr but my name is not Roseanne my skin has a pigment, reminiscent of a tan I plan to grow dreads but first a nappy fro the longer the hair the easier to scare a foe it grows from my head until it covers up my face people look & stare when I walk into the palce this is just a taste form the Funkee Human Being ain't no misbehavin' ain't no use for ravin' surrounded by the people who would stab me in the back my skin is really brown even though it's labeled black sometimes I wear a cap, and sometimes I wear bandannas forbidden in L.A. but I wore one in Atlanta I chisled up a sculpture to complement my culture thoughts of silly nubians is prone to give me ulcers hangin' with the brothers who are tribal in their ways for this is how I like to spend my days and it pays to steal a groovy sample form the archives use my mental staff to eliminate aparthied still gather papes like my man Malcom Forbes ponderin' my life as I look into my orbs. [Chorus:] I love the shade of green like my brother Billy Bixby I utilise a sample that I salvaged from the 60's cause I'm picky my meal must appeal to me like Morris far too many fraudulent opponents in the forest I fall into the Gap when I need to purchase clothes easy on the fads cause the posers always pose I suppose they will bite they'll try not to show it I came very plain and then feelin' rather loaded I ditched all the beads cause my needs seem to differ me and CM-P are like the Gil and the Skipper he will use his clippers to give himself a fade I give my fro a sheen with a smidgin of Pomeade I laid in the shade and I greeted mixel place with a rhythm and a rhyme and he said that it's a twist from the ordinary everyday continual assumption that R&B & Rap makes a winner guess who's comin' through for dinner a native-like brother with the passive little style that most certainly will smother suicidal rhymes with apocyliptic tunes I will drink a seltzer while you dabble with the booze and giggle when I see ya liver shrivel to a prune I'm the Funky Human Being not a monkey or a coon assume that the style is Funkadelic in the 90's Del is livin' phat as I leave a foe behind me. [Chrous:] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Del the Funky Homosapien Album: I Wish My Brother George Was Here Song: Prelude Funk Gluttius maximus Dreadlocks There are eight billion stories in the sunny meadowz This is just one of them The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Del the Funky Homosapien Album: I Wish My Brother George Was Here Song: Dr. Bombay Intro: Dr. Bombay, Dr. Bombay Yo, we got a patient in the front that's ahhh... suffering from an oversized gluttius maximus And she wanna know can you solve it... Verse One: Mistadobalina is a jack-ass, much like a donkey And I'ma pin the tail on the funky Has anybody seen Del? Head swelled Cause I get paid well, kickin much tail Drink me a forty as I ride my rhinoceros You don't like it? Well you gots to kiss Where the sun don't shine, something like my behind I lose a fan but I'ma be fine Dr. Feelgood, didn't think I still could Make it funky real good Take it then I looped it Make you say -- GLORYHALLASTUPID!! The Motorbooty make you shake your rump to the brand new D-Funk Take a chunk cause I'm much like a hunk to the dark skinned girls with funk in they trunk Coming from around the way It's Del better known as Dr. Bombay Chorus: Dr. Bombay He don't stop and he don't play Everytime I try to catch him he's always running away (sing it, sing it, sing it) Dr. Bombay Could you find time and could you stay Cause the funk is guaranteed to make my day (It's, so, funky!!) Verse Two: Large as a black woman's gluttius maximus And the question everybody's asking us "Where'd you get your funk from" A brother named George and some 151's So Let's Take It To the Stage you suckers I jam, and Mistadobalina eats smut Back in the house with the crew Hieroglyphic Now you know everything is terrific Funk in the 1990's that's ironic So grab you a sack of that chronic Down with Da Lench Mob straight from the ghetto But I'm under the sun in the meadow Me and Miss Amazon sittin on my lap Butt so big when she walk it clap Doin the hoochie coochie in the forest Y'all know who I am so girls sing the chorus Chorus: Dr. Bombay He don't stop and he don't play Everytime I try to catch him he's always running away (Has anybody seen that...) Dr. Bombay Could you find time and could you stay Cause the funk is guaranteed to make my day (sing it, sing it, sing it) Dr. Bombay He don't stop and he don't play Everytime I try to catch him he's always running away (Dr. Bombay) Verse Three: Watch your watch, cause if your spouse calls Del's gonna damn sure make a house call (hello?) You peeped out my drawers on your fence I'm a dog, so you might see paw prints (woof) (Whattup Doc?) Wait, it ain't cool to jock Cause you're real far from a ballerina So ohhh ohhh, Mistadobalina Freeze, and get up off your knees Everything that Dr. Bombay say Is guaranteed to make your day So OOPS upside your head I like Club Med hangin out with the dreads And girl if you ain't got a germ I won't hesitate to pull out my Funky Worm But if you ain't down with Del funk Cancel your appointment and please get the hell on (see-ya!!) Cause I won't have fraudulent foes under my nose, if you won't eighty-six the clothes Get out the way, so I can save the day Cause I'm Dr. Bombay Chorus: Dr. Bombay He don't stop and he don't play Everytime I try to catch him he's always running away (Peace to the Boogiemen) Dr. Bombay Could you find time and could you stay Cause the funk is guaranteed to make my day (I hate having to wait) Dr. Bombay He don't stop and he don't play Everytime I try to catch him he's always running away (D-E-L and Hieroglyphics, hahahahaha) Dr. Bombay Could you find time and could you stay Cause the funk is guaranteed to make my day Dr. Bombay He don't stop and he don't play Everytime I try to catch him he's always running away Dr. Bombay Could you find time and could you stay Cause the funk is guaranteed to make my day (Ice Cube and DJ Pooh) Dr. Bombay He don't stop and he don't play Everytime I try to catch him he's always running away Dr. Bombay Dr. Bombay The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Del the Funky Homosapien Album: I Wish My Brother George Was Here Song: Sunny Meadowz (Yeah...I'm gonna take it light...Yeah...D-E-L in the house...funky, funky, funky, funky lyrics...check this out) I contemplate a rhythm with a hunch swing and give a punch and put a fraud out to lunch and scrunch up your rap book pages, eat 'em like it's licorice snatch your gold chains, steal your gold fronts and return 'em to the caves of the motherland and ride a rhinoceros back to the other land so I can show a foe who is the prototype and then go toe to toe and if the rhythm is hype I take it on my journeys to the mystic place so I can dis the facial value of your ballyhoo see, my style is rather passive but I can get aggressive brothers get done when they try to be impressive 'cause I do not impress easily D-E-L is eager to be the founder of the fragrance and watch the vagrants scatter like rats in the sewer as we do 'em like two secret agents in the region of the forest where the march hare dwells I sit and write scriptures by the old wishin' well collect all my notes and sail a boat back to Berkeley tries fill my vibe 'cause my style is rather earthly some say it's wack but I ain't tryin' to hear it as long as what I do contains my soul and my spirit it's cool, I use this as a rule of thumb I take a dip into the pool of radiance until the fool was done slidin' on the floor like a fat ignoramus ya sold 8 million but ya still don't entertain us 'cause you're fraudulent, I have no time for a jester go take your place beside Uncle Fester 'cause you are an uncle too, you are an Uncle Tom and D-E-L and Hieroglyphics gonna drop the bomb (Yeah...under the sun, under the sun, under the sun...we gonna take it light) X3 D-E-L, the 18 year old dwella of the meadow is showin' it hell beats livin' in the ghetto things are peaceful and everything's settle with a good night's snooze on a bed of rose petals I wake up in the morning feelin' happy and refreshed before I make my journeys I must eat and get dressed a pair of blue jeans and a shirt with greenish hues greener than the grass that was caught between my shoes when I trample through the forest with my brother CM-PX the kinky haired nubian there with a human my hair gets notty without the proper groomin' the whole metamorphis resembles flowers bloomin' in the shadows, deep within the trenches of the sea free as Leah, a head of hair like a tree 'cause I'm a love child, follow me now children 'cause I'm a love child, I love to see the children smile at my answers, foes get frantic and nervous and panic even as I venture past the planet called Earth born from the womb of the nebula deeper in the meadow where my actions are irregula' I bug out and tell my maid to take the rug out and dust it, and proceed to throw the thugs out of the pasture as I recline on a hippo wipe the funky speech and watch my profits seem to triple and quadruple teachin' all the pupils proper scruples in the meadow [CHORUS: "(Yeah...under the sun, under the sun, under the sun...we gonna take it light) X4" "(How ya doin'?, How ya livin'?, in the meadow, in the meadow...hey, How ya feelin'?, How ya doin'?...hey...ah yeah...)" The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Del the Funky Homosapien Album: I Wish My Brother George Was Here Song: Sleepin on My Couch It seems nowadays friends step to me bogus and end up on my couch at night without notice it's cool to have a friend over every now and then but I gotta have my space and I don't wanna see their face like every single day of the week talk is cheap you betta find yourself another place to sleep it ain't my fault that ya moms got fed up and now you wanna come to my crib and wet my bed up you better find a job so you can get an apartment and you can save your crocodile tears don't even start with the sob stories I got enough from the other seven brothas in the den playin' Genesis damn I can't win at this seems like I'm gonna have to flip and tell those other brothas that they're gonna have to skip I've had it up to here with these lazy cats sleepin' on my couch and I'm tired of that People come to my house and kinda wonder where the squadron's at they're not gone they're just down at the laundrymat because they wear the same pairs of clothing I'm taking up crazy patience just holding my temper I'm about to start charging rent for every single brother that kicked it with my mother eating biscuits on Saturday morning like a family the minute they step it's like moms is crazy mad at me 'cause they're in my mother's room watching television I feel like giving 'em the boot and say the hell with 'em but if I give 'em the boot I'm not a friend though even though my room smells like dime bags of indo but I can't pretend like I haven't been peepin' it even mom knows that my brothas been sleepin' on my couch for weeks so your speeches fall flat sleepin' on my couch and I'm tired of that Maybe this was just my upbringing perhaps but I was taught that I shouldn't take seven day naps at other brothas' cribs like I don't have a home brothas on my couch so much there's like foam coming out the seams and a pair of jeans is missing from my closet I wonder why I even bother being friendly they're running my ass like the Indy 5000 they went and wrinkled my mother's blouse when they snuck downstairs for a midnight snack and ate the last slice of bread and a box of apple jacks then they hit the sack with the stereo blastin' and even little Tyson is fed up so I'm askin' you all to jet before I get upset and throw each and every one of you bums out on your back my house is a mess so step ya little pest who was sleepin' on my couch 'cause I'm tired of that The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Del the Funky Homosapien w/ Ice Cube Album: I Wish My Brother George Was Here Song: Hoodz Come in Dozens Intro: *various media samples* 60's Frat Rock  Yet the economy was collapsing And there's been a wave of minor bombings against Amer...  Gang violence is escalating, in such a manner I think, the  The mere violence itself has become part of, of the gang life  Part of the thrill (Yeah!) Verse One: Del Thieves in the night, stick you in the alleyway They might cause fright, they stick you up for Bally suede shoes and in the news, and even on Geraldo You can choose who will lose a pair of shoes (Yup!) word The ones with the Reebok Pumps get their rumps rearranged for their change now their down in the dumps (Yup) You sprint two yards, to sport em on the first day of school and like a fool, you went out like the worst way They pulled out a tool, and asked you to remove them quickly, I told em not to do it and they hit me (What?) in the mouth with the nine, I thought they was like kinfolk (punk) I never thought crime would elevate up to Twin Oaks what but hey, everybody is a victim Hoodz come in dozens, the magic word is (stick em) When they spot you and they got you and you can't deal with em All because you spent two G's on your Boomin System Loud enough for the whole block to hear But now they caught you at the light and you're drownin in your tears (Punk you better raise your ass up out this car) (Come off the car punk 'fore your ass gets blast) And never was your fault that your shit was expensive You shoulda bought a vault, and now I gotta mention that Hoodz come in dozens, read it in the papers Seems like everyone caught a little vapors You can't escape em, so don't even plan it Gangsta Boogie fever has taken over planet Earth Now your life is worth a pair of Jordan's? Now I wear Vans and my fans think I'm poor When I walk down the block, with money in my sock and shoe I hate you Mista Gangsta, cause everyone is mocking you Now I can't get no rest because your pests keep killing little children like their speakers are worth a million Plus, it really is a bummer Someone tried to get me for a coat last summer (Your coat, check it in punk, hahah!) Damn Hoodz come in dozens so watch your back cause they all on the attack and you'll never know when they'll show up, but when they do You better throw up your hands like a fan and surrender Nigga don't be a pretender You ain't the Hulk G Give up the cash and all the big bulky jewelry (All of it) *In what, daylight?* That's the plan kid They don't even care if it's Candid Because passerbys mind they own beeswax So they like steppin to you like yo I'll take these blacks Give up your cash and your jewels without a argumnet Otherwise you'll catch one between the eyes (bang!) Don't play hero, cause hero plus a bullet equals zero Give up your dough and cheerio old chap You didn't get a cap busted in your temple See, it's just that simple Remember that hoodz come in dozens (You're god damn right) Hoodz come in dozens (like thieves in the night) Hoodz come in dozens (punks runnin out of sight) (So gimme them motherfuckin Nike's) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Del the Funky Homosapien Album: I Wish My Brother George Was Here Song: Same Ol Thing [Chrous:] "The same ol' thing (all over the world), The same ol' thing (got to get 'em wit it), The same ol' thing (MCs out there got), The same ol' thing (so let me tell ya bout it)," MCs keep comin' with the same ol' thing with the same ol' swing with the same ol' ending the same ol' climax cause many have no vertebrae yo, but D-E-L & HIEROGLYPHICS have to murder a fraudulent foe real quick and get them off of our dicks show the public that they ass ain't slick they lack skills and they can only thrill ya by dance steps I coulda iced Vanilla, but I haven't got the chance yet but that's ok cause he was dissed on Soul Train he got booed because his rhymes are so lame he ain't the only one he's far from it there's more on Earth and they're all gonna plummet like falling stars because a brother's in charge I'ma stomp mud holes in they ass like they was El DeBarge then charge to the front of the class suckers everywhere like broken glass, yo but I'ma keep troopin' through the Meadow with the fellow named X and a pillow to sock the pussy willows while I get dough as I grow as a rhymer and they can keep showin' their teeth like Aunt Jemima it's the same ol' thing... [Chorus:] ...and it's gettin' kinda ancient, I'm in your face with force to eliminate monotonous braggin' & boastin' so most will end up profitless cause they ain't got a foot to stand on and I'ma leave the stage bloodier than a Tampon I can't get no rest because of gamin' little pests will step & try to test me with the same ol' thing I wish it would stop but more than likely it will not cause too many MCs got the same ol' thing so I change & rearange rhyme patterens keep ya mind scatterin' from the solar system and I still dissed 'em the ones with the CRUMBS on they lips talkin' about Sucka MCs that don't exist and I get the gist so don't play me like a imbecile thinkin' that ya large but ya small as a thimble plus I get mantal over funky tracks and ya still talkin' Sucka MCs? That shit is wack if I ever dissed an MC it was one with a name so don't tell me he was one in the same because I know better I flow better than the average Joe I use my nubian stick to overthrow that same ol' thing... [Chorus:] MCs out there got the same ol' thing got the sameol' game and trip, some got the same ol' name like Rockmaster This Mighty Kingathat who died & left you the Wolfman, Jack? But the Boogiemen are irregular spactacular, dracula and plus we're gettin' clever I never had the urge to ass a tag to my title and I won't add a (rah!) or a (huh!) at the end of my recital hip hop hibbit I never say a rhyme like that cause I can take my time & give it thought, so I went & bought a pen & pad now I'm makin' MCs real mad like Young MC goin' out like Sugar Hill add a new beat new rhyme (huh!) bogus still and even if we are in the same gang it ain't no need for all MCs to have the same ol' thing... [Chorus:] ...and it's gettin' mighty ancient... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Del the Funky Homosapien Album: I Wish My Brother George Was Here Song: Ya Lil Crumbsnatchers DEL made a pact to be well natural Back from the wishing well to sell actual Funk from the fungus grown in the trench It's getting kinda heavy so I gotta pinch an inch And it's a sinch to let my hair grow like a plant Eliminate the fat gold chains and the daiper pants Trade 'em for a pair Girbauds Never make friends with the fraudulent foes Yes I suppose that I'm fat from the supper Skinny from the many that try to eat plenty Now I got to flip on a copper like a penny Vise uh versa quench your thirst with A swig of grapefruit juice straight from the thermos Hock your jewels, and you can drop your tools And make a move that can turn us in the right direction Show your affection as I correct men Who try to pull the wool over the third eye Comin' fly with Mr. Greenjeans It's a bird eye view of the Meadow As I greet the many people that I meet with a "hello" "How do you do my compadre?" What up Kwame? Back to the Meadow so I can show I'm a Smooth black brother that is gifted And if you try to lift this Yes I got a witness Nicknamed the Emperor This wasn't meant for ya'. . . Ya little crumbsnatcher! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Del the Funky Homosapien Album: No Need for Alarm Song: You're in Shambles (Check it out...1st to bat, steppin' up to the plate is...) I'm the monsta' come on in closa' I'll roast ya' not never worried 'bout competition listen I can twist men into pretzels my jet skills, can outrun 'cause it's fun I'm not done one or even two could even try it's not a even try I'll leave 'em, why did you do it, I'ma school kids and tease 'em and please 'em for the treason that's the reason I'ma squeeze 'em Make 'em tell and make 'em dwell they're not dead I got lead, but I won't use it I'll refuse it 'cause they're losin' I'll be merciful I won't hurt the skull, with the hollow tip I'll make sure they follow tips, that I tell 'em I won't spell 'em, out they'll shout, in horror 'cause they saw a metamorphis I'ma force kids out the galaxy so now ask me don't try to go around because I know the sound they're not stealthy I'm dope, the opposers - I make sure you chose the straight and narrow prepare though, and be careful [CHORUS:] "You had your chance, you blew it X3 You had your chance..." Now peep this, they forgot and now they gonna rot they didn't know that they could sell a lot, (a lot) of trash 'cause it doesn't smash or last they got cash, but now how are you gonna survive because you strive to gamble you're in shambles, and I'm glad I could add flavor I'm the savior, misbehavior can catch hell none can match Del unless they stress, fresh I'm nonetheless and take a guess the one that make 'em go back and tell they crew that Del is true, he tell a new way to say whatever's clever I'm gonna sever necks of those who don't respect the rap legacy because I egg MC's, on the late night they got away writin' clever raps 'cause with that bullshit it sounds like they never rapped in they life I got a knife, that is lyrical and Del is causin' fear and still has potential (potential) they didn't learn now the money's gonna burn I yearn to make rap better. . . let's stick together! [CHORUS:] "You had your chance and you blew it X3 You had your chance, you had your chance, you had your chance, uhh...you blew it!" [Del, tha funkee homosapien, from Hieroglyphics] (Repeated) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Del the Funky Homosapien Album: No Need for Alarm Song: Catch a Bad One Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Del] People havin memory loss, they don't remember I'm the boss You're claustraphobic, when I close in In on your men and your faculty, you wack'll be out my face, you must be basin if you think that you could tackle the triumphant, I pump it, the volume Increase as you mieces get sliced to pieces Please listen to my album Even if you're white like talcum and unpaid get'cha stayin Tuned with my tune and I presume and see doom, designated yo anyone who stated A word against me, I serve an MC, simply Put like my foot up your anus, ya Shamus Tryin to get over, I'ma go for mine You know the time now that I'm older I'm gonna rip niggaz heads with the said salutations Introducing Del and his bid for boostin tails of my adventures, attempt to try and you will limp or die, whichever I choose, you lose Crews get ashamed cause we blame 'em for bitin You might win, if you start writin, and stop fightin No time for games I'll rearrange my vocals in your headphones I hold 'til I get a answer Acknowledge and abolish all the wack records Hieroglyphics, you know, repected [Chorus: repeat 2X] Who caught the harm? You bought the farm If you're a friend, there's no need for alarm [Del] I get juiced when I let loose a little of my cleverness Up under my follicles with no mousse Choose your weapon, you kept steppin You're swept in a hurricane, Del'll blow your brain So your next generations of youth will be facin the truth And the truth is I'll leave you with the loose tooth Gums get split if you bit I'll extract the truth out your ass like I'm standin in the pulpit Or a lie dectector wrecked ya sector, when you're standing I can swing, branding, expanding, on what I'm handing to the people, cause we will, and you can't say a damn thing about it, if you doubt it You're already outta line, so let me remind your behind About the switch which I used to bruise your bottom That little nigga tried to cut, I caught him He didn't think that I would see that So be that, and be off the D cause we rap We sap the strength and lap the length around the whole course of time and still got the time to unwind [Del] Weak MC's make me earl Earl as your world is crushed because I gotta make you hush You gotta be eliminated, the way I demonstrate it you hate it, but still I am the greatest Like a boxer, I'ma knock your socks off Nowhere to run to, exits are blocked off Steadily I'm dissin men, I hope you're listenin Brothers like my flow Others ride my jock like a bicycle, but I'm psycho Fools try to play me like Tyco, gotsta pull the rifle Daisy, graze the ass with the bee-bee It comes speedy, sign the peace treaty Or you'll be needin Medical attention when I leave you bleedin Throw a monkey wrench in your program crammed up your ass and it's just too bad, son Catch a bad one [Chorus] - 1X [Final Chorus] Who caught the harm? You bought the farm If you're a friend, there's no need for alarm Who caught the harm? You bought the farm If you're a foe I'm gonna break your fuckin arm! [Del] KnowhatI'msayin? Peace The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Del the Funky Homosapien Album: No Need for Alarm Song: Wack M.C.'s Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash, {hieroglyphics.com} [Del] You WACK M.C.'s! This a dedication to you WACK M.C.'s This is a dedication to you WACK M.C.'s and you're history.. huh.. You WACK M.C.'s! This a dedication to you WACK M.C.'s This is a dedication to you WACK M.C.'s and you're history What a jerk! You need to find rhymes that'll work You need to desert the rhymin field You're a nerd, your rhymin yields and stops My rhymin shield deflects your puny rhymes They're 'spect so do decline - any challenge Forfeit because your shit's - unbearable terrible Sounds like you're sharin flows with Treach Let's come to grips youse a drip Arrogant son of a bitch none of us is rich This is my stitch in time, enrichin minds and twistin backs witcha simplistic raps I let a little bit of my lyrics leak and lather at my mouth like a mad dog and seek and gather your neck and bite I just dissect the mic and correct the tykes so don't be sassy You won't be lasting, chastising that's why things  swing in my favor - watch your behavior! [Del] I can not stand no WACK M.C. So step back if you please and don't test me, you're history I can not stand no WACK M.C. So step back if you please and don't test me, you're history "Wack emcees - your time is up!  How many punks must I kill.. kill?" (repeat 4X) [Del] I can not stand no WACK M.C. So step back if you please and don't test me, you're history I can not stand no WACK M.C. So step back if you please and don't test me, you're history You're jealous overzealous, Del is spectacular In fact you are wack and far beyond dope be gone - nope! You gets no respect, I pose a threat cause you're wack and weak, in fact you tried to freak Groovy, it was used before You need to choose a more appealing sample I seal and stamp fools like mail, you're quite stale You might fail and I know you're paranoid Beware, avoid Funky Homosapien, monkeys I will make of men Take 'em into custody your style is rus-ty! Plus we, hate R and B, cause that shit is sorry  That shit's for saps, just admit your raps don't cut the mustard, don't get flustered cause ya, skill is null and void and your skull is void empty Senseless defenseless I rinse this plague away with typhoons and you die soon Why swoon when you hear a ballad, is what I tell a broad cause L a fraud, he ain't hella hard I used to look up, now I wanna cook up your brain like bass and maintain ya space CAUSE I DON'T CARE! I can not stand no WACK M.C. So step back if you please and don't test me, you're history I can not stand no WACK M.C. So step back if you please and don't test me, you're history "Wack emcees - your time is up!  How many punks must I kill.. kill?" (repeat 4X) "Wack emcees - your time is up!" "You need to get lost, when I get pissed off" -> Lord Finesse "Wack emcees - your time is up!" "You need to get lost, when I get pissed off" -> Lord Finesse "Wack emcees - your time is up!" "You need to get lost, when I get pissed off" -> Lord Finesse "Wack emcees - your time is up!"  How many punks must I kill.. kill?" (repeat 3X to fade) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Del the Funky Homosapien Album: No Need for Alarm Song: No Need for Alarm Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Del] I wait to see your skull vibrate when I bury the hatchet, I hope you catch it, I'll attach it to his focus, when I broke his head in half Feel the wrath, on my behalf I drop math, and english, leave you squeamish Then I squish your wish you're all fuckin dreamers (alla y'all) No time for tiddlywinks - if your titties is pink then you are white and I'm not the right man (not for me) But you can blow pipe, my style is so tight I be carvin, MC's when I'm starvin (I'm hungry) You little chunks of punks that I dunks in my coffee Get off me, I'm not your softie But you will cough for your breath and phlegm, death to them And silly broads, I fuck 'em and I chuck 'em (why?) In the river, without a liver And I donate to science, cause I'm a giver The mysterious clearly busts brains with my brawn Ask Sean, Cassidy about how I trash MC's On the daily, Alex Haley had to write about it Doubt it but it's true, get a clue (get a clue) I'm tellin you the truth you'll be toothless The boots get smoked like they on fire, I desire Like Salt'N'Pepa, I'll fuck a fat heffer (yeah) like I was Fritz the Cat, and she admits to fat So I'm movin removin wackness from my stratosphere If I thought that that was near [CHORUS: repeat 4X w/ variations] "You still bet that you can harm me, but you don't alarm me.." [Del] Listen to this You're just a test tube baby, you can't fade me, but hey G Your style is lazy, boy you're crazy Losin it, check out my fusion kit (here it is) It's welding rhymes and propelling, swelling (rrrahh) Getting bigger, getting niggaz in headlocks Instead lock your scanners on Bruce Banner I crush fools plus tunes used by the master will blast you into Tuesday, when I bruise a motherfucker, who mother suck a cock and his brother fuck a jock, and his sister, got blisters on her lips that be spreadin, she be-headin (yes she do) Showin cleavage, with my futuristic styles I leave kids in a trance, hypnotizin your eyes spin back in your head like you dead but instead you was buggin Ugly bitches get the dillz after shows (shows) Cause I don't be runnin after hoes that be stank I thank the Lord, for my thought connected to the microphone, so check the cycle tone that I be arousin, housin your blouse and your pumps The mac daddy makes you jump! (yeah) I pump info, into nymphos, who be bonin Clonin, Vanessa Del Rio And yes sir Del see no evil, hear no evil It's normal, I come formal, to keep 'em warm 'til the morn' [CHORUS] [sample in chorus repeats to fade] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Del the Funky Homosapien Album: No Need for Alarm Song: Boo Boo Heads KURIOUS: (Talking) Oh man. Bitches, man, bitches! Sick & tired a this shit. You know what I'm sayin'? Want my money, talkin' shit, don't know how to act, phuckin' tired, man. FPhuck'm I gonna do, man? Have to put a foot up your ass? Phuckin' tired of it, man. Phuckin' buy you this, buy you that, Phuck that shit! Kurious aint havin' it. Know what I'm sayin'? DEL: Boo boo head, boo boo head, boo boo head I want you dead I want you bled & bleeding needing medical assistance, resistance ya kiss meant nuthin' you was bluffin' stuffin' my brain with insane thoughts & notions most intelligent people freak you because they'll know you'll give ya all give up your drawls flap ya jaws & lyin' & have me cryin' I'll admit it someone before musta shitted down your neck boo boo head but can you be dead? with fled instead of the murda I'll just tell everybody what I heard of word up. [CHORUS:] D: All a this over boo boo heads, K: All a this, all a this... Back in elementary school you made me drool I was cool & rules were never broken a token, of our friendship all my friends flippin' somersaults the fault was not yours of course, they didn't know, yo grils was yucky clear 'round & get slapped like a puck-y but you never said 'Phuck me' that wasn't in the pictua I couldn't hit ya with ya hair & braids and the games we played were fun till one day a friend said, 'Boo boo heads turn red, in the face when you place ya hands on her ass in class, and give a spank a banka full of fun at recess, and be fresh.' OK, I'll try it and die if she does but she did and turned around and socked me like Rocky I feel like a heel for real but now I'm older and told ya to keel over cause now it's different no innocence and women sprints the way you sway to the forces of evil and we will bust that ass fast and quickly I dig G's disrespectin' rep now it's when they shit's come bobbin' brothers try and rob another and I'll rub ya the wrong way let the song play, [CHORUS] [BRIDGE] Ooh, I wanna smack you mack you & attack you even if you black you get no slack sue, call a lawyer boy, ya never knew ya crew is on a mission every weekend freakin' & kissin' with other van ya man lets turn the sands in the hourglass and your power lasts less & guess & take a gander I slander ya name & spread propaganda and I demand ya ta stop hop on a train before pain'll be ya middle name in the game of love & happiness yes, I caressed ya flesh but if you test ya caught out there without a vest mess around and you can rest I found a new boo boo baby, maybe I can crave the one that saves thee reputation, ya'll lets face it ya basin' smokin', leavin' niggas broken & open but I scope in to ya brain gain & remain & clues ya use for protection now who's next in... [CHORUS] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Del the Funky Homosapien Album: No Need for Alarm Song: Treats for the Kiddies [TALKING] "A problem? Yeah I got a problem. Cause. . . I been waitin for how long for this shit to come out? Now this the tricks and treats shit, ya know? Now all y'all motherphukkers that listen to it, and I'm sick and tired of this shit, because... all you wack motherphukkers keep comin out with records! And guess what I'm about to do? Guess what I'm 'bout to do?! I'm 'bout to catch you out there. . . and chopyourmotherphukkinheadoff!!!" Who's the jester? Under pressure? Not me! I hate emcees a lot, flee Escape, I'll tape your mouth closed Dispose of your flows The ones that you chose Don't compare Where is your other shit? When I discover it I'm shovin that shit Right back in your mouth, And start with another kick Good riddance Suds of blood like the Red Sea splashes When I smash kids Ashes and cremations We wait in The torture chamber Of course you blame a Brother like Del for murder Word up, on a mission It's in my heart Rippin fools apart You dart and dash But I'll remove your heart fast With my bare hands Stashed it into their plans I'd like to see it pulsate in my palm Squeeze it, squish it Eat it with a biscuit For breakfast You're next if You step with Your bright ideas I might apply years Of rhymin Til the time when I blind men With a flash of light I'll blast you right In the corneas I'm warnin ya's So take heed to that Before you bleed, in fact I'm keepin niggaz outta my head Outta my head Instead, they bled They dead, call the Feds [Chorus (4x):] "This is how you're treated (this is how you're treated) When my rhyme's completed Niggaz get defeated (defeated!)" I wanna push and shove Take off the kid gloves Tearin the terrorist Where a fist Holds a dagger Stick it in your stomach and drag your Insides across the ground Get 'em at the lost and found At the police station I'm patient I won't get you yet So no sweat You're no threat I bet I can belt your brain When my scalpel felt your brain You convulsed No pulse We lost him Cost him his life Phukkin around It's too easy to buck 'em down Let 'em drown Face down in a toilet Take his brain and boil it Watchin who I tell cuz they'll spoil it They might reveal My anger is real Keep your lips sealed Or yo might be the next to keel over or Murderous Refer to us When you feel the need To bleed your chicken feed Yeah, plead for mercy Before I burst free I'm blood thirsty When it comes to who disturbs me I make your life complicated Emcees get ground and grated While they waited In the lobby It's my hobby It'll prob'ly be me Who sees your knees Buckle- Phuk you And your duck crew I'ma pluck you from safety When I break free [CHORUS (4x)] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Del f/ Unicron Album: No Need for Alarm Song: Worldwide Typed by: OHHLA.com Del: Who is the two like the Blues Brothers? Unicron: Yeah, who does it? Del: Me & you kid we bruise dozens & hundreds of kids havin' fun with the wiz that's me and, Unicron: Unicron, the inhuman on the mic Yikes! (Zoinks!) Del: Lazer zaps saps who can't rap they sound like beginners I slam then I pin ya send ya to the hospital I gots the flow no nigga dare step you'll get your hair swept off the floor when I clip ya button ya lip ya even if the record skips I still rip (Damn that nigga still rips!) total rivers equip ya punk posse ya got lots to see days to come before you raise from dumb to smarter rippin' apart a poser bend 'em inside out, like Yoga I'm a nice person on the inside but men hide when you and your friend die but a hand to the strangler the Beni Hanna chopper and we oughtta pop ya and crop ya cause we're sick of that shit (Sick of it!) I'm about to have a fit & split ya head & kick ya bitch, in the tits they're tender mixin' niggas brains like a blender I kick rhymes like these to inja and end ya off ya never comin' softer this is not the best I can offer I'ma save some for later you ain't greater than the man with a plan and the brand that his name and I hate ya. [BRIDGE] Unicron: I'm the youngsta with the swift tongue, and the kid that lives up the street over Jon's beat I make rappers eat turds and hay it doesn't matter what version you play I will still slay a crowd a rhymers and Del how'd I find ya? Del: That one summer years ago I shoulda signed ya. Unicron: Just a quick reminder for those who find a problem with me I'll put you on noid like a T & T timer and there's only 20 seconds now I'm 16 and yes fiend to wreck shit I throw temper tantrums that's my anthem I'm not very big but you phuck with me, you'll be like Jerry's kids phucked up, & that's tough luck Unicron has never backed down from a tough phuck that's what lubricated Trojans are for cause I know, when the corn hits the tip I got the dip flip & they suckin' on my nipples and I will have a fut, too cause I get excited when I ride it fun while it lasted Cas, did you like when I did a song, back in the day with the Del-a-ray? (That's me!) Get a patna I'm glad you got the chance to enhance the Jive roster I'm a foster kid but Del hooked me now I look free when I'm out, Del: And I'm out... [BRIDGE] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Del the Funky Homosapien f/ Hieroglyphics Album: No Need for Alarm Song: No More Worries A-Plus: You don't have to worry any longer. . . Yo wait a damn, minute listen to the way the man spin it even with improper diction I split in & gets ends I'm lettin' suckas know I'm fin ta buck a bro the nigga figga he can dust a pro- fessional, I test a fool I get a tool and beat him wit it he didn't see me wit it and this is what I'ma do tie the crime to you niggas need to find a new rhyme to do I remember when I used to grind a few indo sacks at my wack Sr. High School but I told the Dean 'Bye fool.' I graduated he was a man I hated and I'm glad I made it Hie-ro I know you know fools know, that my crew's so phat, and niggas try to jack then I know they got my back A-Plus must bust the wack. Casual: I'm fed up with the wackness and this weak shit so peep the style and learn how to freak shit I hope, ya, learn how ta cope by the time you peep this shit here, I'll be three times doper yeah, this is for the trendy G's to ya bitches, & High School enemies all the hoes shoot me to the left & shit cause my financial state was on defecit but I, really didn't trip now I'm livin' phatter and then niggas don't matter a lot a rappers try frontin' on me bet they aint got nuttin' on me and aint no way that buck can harm me I turn the mouths of MCs into molecules niggas locked onto me like my follicles I swallow fools with no regurgitaion we hurt ya face, men when ya placed in my path. [BRIDGE] Del: I bust asses ya slow like molasses as this continues then you know the fastest computing, looting, I gets the root of things bitches with problems I leave ya jaw numb I slap hoes my rap flows along with the flow of the song as I flow on the bong I use Jedi mind tricks to find tricks bind tricks, tie them up then I try and phuck then they die and what do I care? I dare hoes and prepare flows cause I never spare those lives who strives with knives & slice I parylize ya twice with fear Del is nice to your ears. Snupe: Not of hardest, artists going far jack off from Jupiter because I'm shooting for the stars I'm a mack never come wack gimme a 30 second snippit I'll rip it because the shit gets deeper creep ya ass as the floor rocks we got the beat hittin' hard like four cops shorts out my last record I write my rhymes nekkid let me give you a tip I'm on the balls so just expect it my rep gets phatter thinkin' about those kids they tried to step and got phucked like they momma did by the Mr. Mostskill I did ya hoe, still she's askin' for waxin' and taxin' cause she heard a hoe squeal hoes I'm, getting more plays than Showtime the demon got ya screamin' with no shine no time for regular run of the the mill I'm packin' with steel boy soldiers never no more the soul soldier. [BRIDGE] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Del the Funky Homosapien Album: No Need for Alarm Song: Wrongplace I writes rhymes for rehearsal but first chill I gotta little story to tell ya how I almost caught a bad one add one to the list of 2,000 and 1 stupid things to do I had crew when they stepped at a party hardly even known I own a Smith & Wesson but it's resting at home in a shoe box they see crews jock so they wanna step and test the rep I got I said 'Wait a second, check inside my coat for a shank' they must be imagining that I'm money in the bank they'll get spanked cause I'm not the nigga I got bigga brothers waiting in the bushes to mush kids I talk when I wanna talk never silence violence erupts when I clown ya catch a beat down ya cause I never back away from niggas even if you gotta pistol I dare ya pull the trigga but that's suicide either you must die or I must so why bust me cause I'm guilty of being in the wrong place at the wrong time comin' at ya in the wrong state of mind I'm now in a hurry a pow when a flurry of bullets come speeding by I needn't die I gotta make tracks & take back my words I eat 'em cause everybody knows I didn't beat 'em... [CHORUS:] "Being in the wrong place at the wrong time" I'm out on the town I don't frown at people cause they tend to get offended and then the heat will be on my ass I got class never out of line, cause I'm standing here without a nine pistols I wish will not blast me TAZ be circlin' corners lookin' for Warners you know the Brothers me & you we didn't do shit but we get hassled because we crew & we rollin' this is my car it isn't stollen I hope you catch a slug straight in your colon when ya walkin' the beat I bet ya gotta sheet hangin' up in ya closet phuck this law shit but there is two laws to follow, you know there is laws of the city and there's laws of the ghetto I go to clubs with a smile on my face just in case niggas look & wanna whyle in the place cause of jealousy Del is me only me niggas walkin' in poppin' shit that's who the phonies be peep it one night and you'll see it it's quite clear since we all know now that's why we're never in the wrong place @ the wrong time! [CHORUS] Damn, I hate cops! I need to bust they chops always gettin' props for the niggas they pop peep, I smoke weed get weeded cause I need it to calm my nerves before a pig get bleeded I got busted for less than a gram of hash they wanna cram my ass in the slammer that punk po-po bringin' back hash from Amsterdam is a no-no I didn't know they would catch me punk mutt fetch me stretched me out at Customs gotta bust 'em I can't call it they found it in my wallet now Customs got me and I just can't stall it I wish they would leave me alone dog lookin' at me like feed me a bone he might bite me very likely they had to strike me with a fine or time I said fine mines was 500 bones for a gram of hash my mind was blown come back to Michigan so we can pitch again federal offense now I better go & convince the judge... [CHORUS] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Del the Funky Homosapien Album: No Need for Alarm Song: In and Out Fun, even funner I'm the gunner sub-machine gun it don't seem right, that they don't get my theme right they don't know me, so we move forward more words & phrases my style amazes come into the scene with the means to rip shit my brain's power packed with the proper equipment so step I come inta the area to bury ya I compose the flows makin' people merrier never the less, I sever the flesh with a razor reserve the major beef I'ma slay ya, hey you never came across a person like me I never instigate first come strike me then I'll flip and rip clothing, and I'm loathing MCs who front like I don't know things uh uh check again I get wreck again on the down low because you sound slow retarded MCs get neglected & check it anytime I hafta show a foe I'ma flex it then I exit with my records & my next shit prepared, so be scared I strike unexpected I write rhymes in sections testin' my slang I bang MCs with these & make 'em hang dangle, what's ya angle? When I strangle and choke I hold Bennedicts by their throat until they sing notes like a canary fairy, or genies we slipped out they never seen me bust his face I like bass when it hums and that sums up my properties for the dum-dums someone need to check him deck him slam him and put him in the bushes so 'shush' kids no one needs to know I'll proceed & go into and then tell ya what I've been through. [CHORUS:] "In one ear, right out the other, Go tell ya sister, go tell ya mother, In one ear, right out the other, Go tell ya father, go tell ya brother, In one ear, right out the other." I would feel comfortable if your front would go elsewhere or disappear hear my specific style that's speaking creeking, making noises in the nightime when I write rhymes I look out my window it's a bright day and I might display my skills in the hills or, in a different neighborhood cause my flavor could be the best, so lets test this yes, bitch I saw you posted at the pool table I could never talk to you but now a fool's able with the best of luck and, hey, how do you impress a duck? By pullin' out a wad of bucks shucks I need to stop this I plop this, played this I murder MCs & leave their pens inkless do you think this is a twist a turn, I insist to burn those foes who haven't learned to keep they mouths closed Guiness Stout flows through your intestines, when life is depressin' I built my foundation using patients some didn't hear us some had to state it... [CHORUS] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Del the Funky Homosapien Album: No Need for Alarm Song: Don't Forget Don't forget ya niggas my rep gets bigger and figgers on my checks flex, like Hercules when I flow with ease usin' lingo that'll bring mo hoes front and center enta this blissful twist full of fun, for my niggas here's another one you get a hand shake and take a copy of the UNA we're doin' a service and who are they? questions and answers and we can sure capture the spirits in ya soul cause the man's pure and furious, cause curiosity killed the cat why fill the gat with lead & leave a nigga dead? but if you was that nigga don't sweat me cause if I was that nigga I wouldn't pull the trigga protect yourself but don't project yourself into trouble cause, you'll perish, there is some things I never forget police sweats when we out posted like marionettes we jets, unless them hands be empty they lookin' for niggas, yeah they not allowed to peel me. [CHORUS:] "Don't forget your niggas..." Don't forget ya niggas even if they low down niggas cause I sho found niggas down on they luck here's a pound, and a buck and you better not spend it on no booze choose what is more important I'm a nigga who will ford shit before it starts we score with heart artistic values and I'll use a portion of the brain other niggas is ignorin' ya snorin' what's up my niggas Hi niggas I figures I'm the nigga who can rig a rhythm to ya soul plain & simple then pull, other tricks out my sleeve and leave unseen clean & slicklike niggas need to get they shit right for they step to HIEROGLYPHICS it might prove fatal so move, wait till I'm dona I use fun & fabrications for your imagination wastin', spillin' blood when I'm ill & depressed cause I take it out on others not the brothers just record executives and I bet you give up ya cash when I leave you with a gash in ya ass cause I had a heart when I started now I departed and I'm back again give me ends 'fore I bust into ya office squeezin' triggas because you, because you, cause you forgot us niggas. [CHRUS:] Now peep I knew a nigga that was large that nigga used to rap good now I'm askin' him perhaps, could you tell me how you fell off yet you was well off but now the real niggas think ya soft cause we beat rhymes you can't keep up with the times it seems you have styles combined from other fools and you'll discover who will be a real nigga you da man you supposed to skill niggas when you say you will you don't display you skill and still you throw your niggas out the doors scores of years ago you was bros but now you got a little dough and yeah you tryin' to play him like a hoe but I don't think so he aint a puppet enough with that shit take that job, stuff it up ya ass just gimme enough for gas I'm rough & I can last, and get my own phuckin' cash well that's that and what do you get for that? Ooh you dirty rat how could you forget the fool that was down wit ya in school ya'll use ta shoot pool ya sorry busta never could trust a nigga think he's so large that nobody can thrust him out the pilot seat ejected you forgot ya nigga ya assed out Expect it. [CHORUS] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Del the Funky Homosapien Album: No Need for Alarm Song: Miles to Go This is the intro I dent foes and bend them and upchuck send ya outta luck phukk that shit is nasty I blast the mc's who try to sneak past me I'm dastardly I scare 'em dare 'em to maneuver I'm smoother I will prove to all your boys that I do the psychotic plot if it's necessary yes it's very down pat now I'm tellin' brothers brown black lighter fight for ya righta I incite riots if they try that shit that happen in the 60's I ain'ts the whimpee I simply flip the whip that holds my flow so no foes will know what motivates me I show no race see (see) it's higher conspiring on mc's who tire me with wackness using metaphors breaking backs if it comes to that 'cause I'm the one who raps fillin' gaps in the space perhaps there's a space for me in the world of rap your girl's on my lap she's on the dilznick I kill shit the negative feels the musical sedative and I'm ahead of them [Chorus: "I'm goin' tha extra mile, and I bet you smile cause tha texture's wild, yeahh. . .(Repeat X2)"] I only give a little ittle blurb if I prefer to confuse now were you enthused just by the way I play with syllables and still I do work cause I pursue jerks 'til they know I'm berserk quick with my quirk like Dirk the Daring you can spare me the tears I ain't caring just preparing for Armageddon ya head in a guillotine is sure to thrill a mean motivation ?_____? placed in a casket drastic you'll get ya ass kicked being placid ask if I rips suddenly I say what in the hell is you speaking neva change my strange way that I come about shit but you doubt it wanna dis the D-E then you see me and you shout if I would come to you and screw you you new crew and you got the bitch with the mad voodoo over niggas because you know the vigor that I use to abuse hoes and foes so get a whiff of the splif that I'm puffin' ya wanna step to me in the club but I dubs nothing (yeah) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Del the Funky Homosapien Album: No Need for Alarm Song: Check It Ooout When it's time for me to recline I listen to rhymes and beats in the waves of the spine, to the brain relievin' pain & anguish the stangest arrays make me sway and make my day brighta the hip hop envia. write arrive a little soona check the soles on my Pumas my attitude is miserable cause in my mind I'm sayin' here's a fool I don't like I won't strike his ass in the face I'm blastin' the bass in my headphones a fool don't have to get his head flown why waste time with rhymes? I get straight to the point like I HATE when funk's in the joint the hip hop is playin' sprintin' in to spray men don't threaten me or you won't be able to see when I gouge ya eyes out I despise doubt on your part like I won't stab you in your heart my flow is drastic serious, sarcastic my motto is, "Phuck with me & get your ass kicked." And that's the key to understandin' me and if they cool then the foot is what you'll be brandin', B yeah... [BRIDGE:] "Check It ooooout!" (Repeat) I love to peep a rhyme first of all I'm seein' if my man can keep the time if he go off beat, and it's on purpose he gotta come back on the beat or the effort is worthless I like ot hear a cool flow but if it's identical to another, he a fool for it ya gotta build, upon skills and all that copy that most popular rapper shit can get killed I like a nigga who is quick witted cause it make me feel like I do, when I come from where my dick splitted and I admit it, it's a joy when I hear a nigga avoid the wack and make 'em paranoid I loves niggas who talk shit cause that's my department I got somethin' for anyone who starts shit cause I'm relentless with a sentence a jail sentence, after I beat you senseless I like niggas when they add rhymes, mad rhymes then I laugh at niggas who fell off and had rhymes just some descriptions of what I like to listen to with my Bruce Banner scanner point of view... ('Pe-urnnnn') [BRIDGE] Now I'm bout to clown a bitch she made my eyebrows twitch cause she's rich yeah, real funny she makes some money for puttin' other niggas down you nuthin' but a clown you can't write and you're not bright you fail to notice the dopeness cause you have no insight you need to quit you ain't shit you need to get a lesson, in hip hop detection and you're next in my list to jack it's a fact not fiction bitch, stop ya bitchin' you write articles I'ma rip apart ya skull cause ya dull not entertainin' I'ma put ya brain in orbit cause I'm morbid thinkin' a new ways to kill ya and yo, I feel ya ya too critical and ain't got a bit a pull just admit it fool before we get rid of you a rolling stone gathers no moss and now who will pay the cost and afterwards get lost hit the dirt, before you get hurt I eat stupid bitches like you and a rhyme for dessert I bet you never get no dick you make me so sick so my pistol is loaded... [BRIDGE] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Del the Funky Homosapien Album: No Need for Alarm Song: Thank Youse It's time for me I never rhyme for free at least pay attention you know, let your mind be free I think by now everyone knows my funk flows will ease the pain because MCs we brain make 'em nervous here for your service infer this clear to any rapper that is wacka I'll slap ya I talk shit that's amazin' the days spent inside my crib producin' had me boostin' my confidence now I will stomp some sense into those numbskulls I leave 'em dumb-dull I thank you the listener cause if it was up to me if yall was girls I'd be kissin' ya and the brothers get phat pounds and goin' round is phat pounds of indo no brown I puff sess at the rest unless they have the bomb beta and now my mom made a turnaround she wasn't concerned & clowned mostly, now I get ends & my job is not pretend, [CHORUS:] "It doesn't phaze, I amaze wit my phrases, play this in your Jeep, so your neighbors lose some sleep (I wanna thank you)..." I wanna thank you cause my dank grew & flourished nourished ny hunger sure, it's me indulgin' never will I bullshit some other finna frame if you're a beginner here's my name DeL! myster, ya shyster I'll heist your jewels & tolls & leave ya fooled Moot, I never get soot my ends that I got last year will probably still get resooped I know yall're sick'n tired of these weakassniggas makin' records so just check what I delivers I send shivers down ya spine I'm incline to bind and put together clever conversation cause I'm dope without the leather whether or not, my spot is never taken or forever breakin' on new rhymers they flock around, wanna be down & two timers I will design a flow that will remind ya dumbasshoes and a path go go to a spot where I know that the grass's sold, [CHORUS:] "I love to roll a fat stogie, if you're out there you can roll one too, & listen only ( I wanna thank you, peace)... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Del the Funky Homosapien Album: Future Development Song: Lyric Lickin' Typed by: bizarro@fortress-of-solitude.net (talking) Hi everybody. It's Del the Funky Homosapien, down with Hieroglyphics Dopest crew in the World, coming with the new '96 shit! Check it out D-E-L will ("Lick you wid our lyrics!") Hieroglyphics will ("Lick you wid our lyrics!") D-E-L will, you know, you know! Hieroglyphics will Fuck you up! It's me, really me, not a look-alike I know some sound alike but when I'm around a mic Niggas cut! You know the skit Del ultimate Rapper international, with that rational style I get the, shit off my consciousness and Pull out the compasses I'm on some shit you ain't around, in the town, clown! Rebound! Go get on your intercom and call Your weakass crew so I can call protocol I don't give a shit, I wants to get lit ("yeah!") Split the Philly roll that bitch! And it better hits correct and right Make sure po-po out of sight Or they gonna have us locked up tonight, sike! We in the cut with the best bomb available Peelt out laughin' in a trail of smoke Oaktown, where niggas get down in more ways than one It don't stop till the raising sun Mentally unstable with the rhymes that rock yo' cradle The author of fatal flows that liquidate emcees Then I scoop 'em with a ladle I stay ill and psyched Outta my mind with mics but gotta be in before sunlight Emcees approach me with chains of garlic But their brains are targets Then I dump off the carcass A lot of niggas fuss just 'cuz we the best for us[?] Niggas faker with they raps than the Snuffleluffagus Lifts and bends, I recommend Before I make blood suspend When I check that chin It's common knowledge Mr. Del demolish ("You ain't know?") Taking you back to the days of cornbread and collards, come on! (chorus) ("Lick you wid our lyrics!") D-E-L will ("Lick you wid our lyrics!") Hieroglyphics will ("Lick you wid our lyrics!") D-E-L will ("Lick you wid our lyrics!") Hieroglyphics will ("Lick you wid our lyrics!") D-E-L will ("Lick you wid our lyrics!") Hieroglyphics will ("Lick you wid our lyrics!") D-E-L will ("Lick you wid our lyrics!") Hieroglyphics will ("Lick you wid our lyrics!") D-E-L will ("Lick you wid our lyrics!") Yeah! I perceive more than the average madness Niggas get the giggles when they find my shit is pivotal The radical, hip-hop fanatical who do what's natural Actual fact, no tact, you'll get intercepted! Kept it away, from emcees 'cuz they Wouldn't know what to do wit' it Pursuing it don't mean you gonna catch it I slay willing women backwards on the mattress At this access got niggas yackin' I'm crackin' safes and niggas actin' fake I got the date to arrange your weight About spent every cent on the bomb Fuck being calm, I'm like a shell-shocked vet from 'Nam So turn to Psalms, get your palms off my dick Before I go sick and make yo' ass hit the bricks I used to stay on 57th the resident bussed to havin' it [?] To stay out late at night 'cuz none of these niggas is Heaven-sent I'm bent, puffin' killer-Cali hit the vent I lend my voice to tracks, as we's the instrument A Public Service Announcement on how I house shit I hope your blouse fit, bitch, you fight with fists But if I ask you "Let's battle" you might resist I wax that ass on Pay-Per-View and invite Tha Liks The steel-cage grudge-match where there's no escape I'll peel that cap like bananas to apes Oh yeah! them niggas, it figures The masterminds behind the rhymes you claim were yours We lick off with rhymes like Nas and make your brains stain the floors At last we clash under the overpass (speaking) Del: Damn, we've been waiting here for hella long, since 12 Opio: I'm tellin' you, man, they don't wanna see me on the mic I'm tellin' you Del: All these fake ass niggas Opio: That's why they ain't came. They heard me, man, they done heard me, man, I'm tellin' you Del: Talkin' about they the freestyle masters, they'll get they ass ate Opio: And they sound just like you anyway, man, we out on these fools Del: I know man, let's be out (chorus 1x) Yeah! We got the beat ("You know!") ("Lick you wid our lyrics!") There ain't no doubt about it, we got the beat ("You know!") ("Lick you wid our lyrics!") From Oakland, to all around the World ("You know!") ("Lick you wid our lyrics!") You know what? We got the beat ("Lick you wid our lyrics!") ("You know!") Bye! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Del the Funky Homosapien Album: Future Development Song: Stress the World Typed by: Bnglowbill9@aol.com Stress the world Stress the world Stress the world Stress the world Stress the world, stress the world.... I offer the maximum that you call for who better to get a crowd to go bloww!!!! Del, champion of true I do what the others can't do So when ya come to, recognize I despise weak I'm at my peak I seek more then the boredom that you are accustomed to The conoseur I love hip-hop more, then I did as a kid so I gotta get rid Of those who pose, case closed I'm dynamic with panic and that's exactly how I planned it You better peep cuz the price steep for those who sleep I pile my rhymes by the heap on cassettes, Lp's, cd's and 12 inches Perform the shit and get the girl like pinches With good intentions, the key word is redemption For those who try to shit on my crown let's get down Plastic ass rappers get smashed like crackers First I shalack ya and hit ya with the lacquer Then I go to marijuana class to study cultivation So I can make the USA a better nation Get smoked, mellow out, vibe fuck the stress While I kill MC's that say "he's relentless." Past you at last due to technological enhancements on my part the art advances My rhymes are ravishing, ravaging the hip-hop surface To get to the underground for pounds and purchase Merciless, as soon as I insert the disc into the SP to make the world stress me Let's be upfront and real What's up with this rap regurgitation that appeal to the masses? I got pure plain funk hold the Mayo Like the formulation of ice crystals make the suns halo a rainbow Painful to MC's at large I barge and bulldoze them all when I charge Personally responsible, behind all the hoopla Haven't crossed the board, get the troubleshoota Stress the world...( make the world stress me) Stress the world...( make the world stress me) Stress the world...( make the world stress me) Let's be upfront and real Mathematically correct, collect wreck on the daily This ain't Prince project put out on plays the part Deep dark funk to dunk your face in Fully animated in a time when hip-hop's contaminated Wit corny niggaz talkin jibberish they make me feverish I merely pull this lever which enables me to unveil tails of Del in action Smoked to fullest, project my voice like bullets I deflect you sect. I check the scanner Damn you're persistent, I stand wit my fist clenched Tightly around the microphone like a septer Wit rhymes average MC's can't see like a specter The inspector with the nectar, sharp like a Black and Decker I twist a nigga neck like chubby checker Respect the Hieroglyphic insignia you know it means murda wit lyrics unhearda Stamina, stamina. And wit a new flow to boot Don't try to execute my patter-ns I took hella notes while battlin' Dismantlin' opponents alone with my trusty verbs leavin' MC's disturbed Everybody on my block know I rock To MC's I'm hella cocky so I keep my rhymes cocked in position And if you actually listen to what I'm sayin' you'll see you can't resist 'em They're succulent and if you don't like them fuck you then Anybody with taste see it's a delicacy Not a mere orderve or haven't you heard And it's totally take out about a million served like that Absolutely a beauty to crush the shit that's booty cuz I figures it's my duty Let's be upfront and real, Let's be upfront and real...(make the world stress me) (repeat and fade) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Del the Funky Homosapien Album: Future Development Song: Why Ya Wanna Get Funkee Wit Me? Typed by: turban_BTnH@hotmail.com * * send corrections to the typist A new day was dawning Yes one more morning Just stretching and yawning Picked up my belongings And call my crew See what we all can do Lets go to the mall The one with the waterfall And take your fathers car Although it ain't that far They got a whole bizarre Of fly girls up the par Yeah sounds like a plan I need a new Walkman We pass the popcorn stand And see what we can land In the land no less I spot a cutie with guess And I had on sweats She looked unimpressed I said dam you fine But nothing bout her behind I said do you have the time, to sit back and chitchat She said no You look like a hobo And with that camouflage shit looking like G I Joe I said I'm not that broke And I can buy you a coke She said this must be a joke I swear it hurt till she soaked, and shook me off Like a moth I said what's the deal with the clothing as long as it's cloth? Why you wanna get funky wit me? Slow ya roll a little Dam you crazy Girl, why you wanna get funky wit me? Slow ya roll a little Dam you crazy Girl, why you wanna get funky wit me? Slow ya roll a little Dam you crazy Ok she too stuck up I didn't catch so what? My partners busting their gut Getting me straight stuck, on anger Let her go Why sweat her so? Oh fuck you guys Lets fuck with some fries At quick stop Where the chicks pop, up Lets pop at them Nigga like a magnum Next destination Stop at the gas station My heart started racing Saw this cutie who way thin I stalk like Jason With no authorisation I looked her in her face and asked how her day went And her digits She said what is this It's none of your business I'm shorter than a midget I fidget Shit, she asked why are you nervous I said your curves just, amaze the glaze my eyes ova I told ya She said are you sober Venomous like a cobra Don't you know that I'm older, than you And your crew You do what little boys do You couldn't deal with this Then she sealed it with a kiss, yeah I felt dissed, and my crew is steady laughing Wen I turn around they act like nothing had happened Ahhhhhhh hahahahaha Burn Del, Burn Del That fool got clowned again man Shot shot down Oh here he come, Ok we out Del. Why you wanna get funky wit me? Slow ya roll a little Dam you crazy Girl, Why you wanna get funky wit me? Slow ya roll a little Dam you crazy Girl Why you wanna get funky wit me? Hieroglyphics y'all ya don't stop We got ghost, go fries got us some girls too The ones with the curl doo That smell like shampoo What's up precious? I likes ya necklace We doing a show tonight ya might wanna check us She said your Del I said I know The one on vinyl And then she hit a high note Y'all is Hiero And where's Pep Lover I said he on the other, side of town But her partner had a frown 2 out a 3's cool, it ain't bad She must not know how to add She tripping and things Each finger got rings We bout to bounce like springs But she like where my chicken wings? Cutie like can you sign? This one time So you can be on my mind To remind I said fine Tripping partner like who he? He ain't no one I know him from Logan Was now her slogan They was jocking She was cock blocking They said they gotto take the keeper home block rocking She said so Niggas with egos What you coming out ya face for I'm a let you know Hoe! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Del the funky Homosapien Album: Future Development Song: Don't Forget the Bass Typed by: Opvliegend_vliegje@hotmail.com * * send correctionx to the typist [Verse 1] I'm ready for action, packing provisions of visions Verbally, every word will be enhanced With the bass that'll put you in a trance Some dance, come take a chance Del won't do you wrong I've been in the rap game too long to falter I rock like Gibraltar Make you kneel to the butt like an altar We move to prove that this is improved, when you're at-water Caught em with vibration that soothes your back like massages Before you can park your car in garages It'll be just for riders, listening to 'ROCK THE BELLS' You can barely hear the vocals Mixing is important, getting the public into chokeholds Hip hop homo's will do well to know this It ain't about who's the dopest It's who gets the fan's focus upon you when they feel what the song do I think I'm onto something, when I got my shit pumping I remember, when they were satisfied with just lyrics now, if the music 's flat I can barely stand to hear it and my rhymes are impeccable and you can't dissect my flow With music sounding like it's out of tin cans Just wretch the whole vibe and stride for perfection Why you think they call this a profession? Hey [Chorus: repeat 2X] Can't forget the bass, the bottom got em crawling to the wall man We got cassettes, CD's and LP's DJ's for days, whatever you do Give it your all, cause that's what pays [Verse 2] I just love when I can hear the bump pleading to the walls In the halls, coming from the record stores in the malls A beat with walls I like that it bites back and strikes back At niggaz who are wack, cuz Back in the day when hip hop was just developing It was back in the day we should be relishing in experience All you newcomers better be leery cause hieroglyphics got the bump And it ain't mysterious [Verse 3] This don't apply to the niggaz who salved And fell out of their fam base Trying to chase the big bucks It sucks, I know, when your heroes wanna appear to hoes Supermacho! And watch the whole role and image of a mic champion To the fam base it simply can't be done Cuz they're your folks when you don't get the prop shit They know you got the top shit and in it only for profit But since we on the topic, let me drop it We need to stop this segregation of hip hop Talking 'bout fuck the east coast, and fuck the west He's sold out, cause someone either sings a notion in the chorus What is real hip hop then? Only the shit you listen to Everything else pretending, I'm sending a message to my fam base Fuck this is hip hop and this is rap, it came from the same place and there's a place for everything including hieroglyphics And we gonna come with it, as long as y'all with it cause the fam base is like a legion For one cause, we want the dope shit cause the other got flossed ??? Now I'm a fan who likes a lot of different things I differentiate with music just to spread my wings I always do my best, that's why the fans love me Not some crime shit, so I can pop bubbly We all got some preferences, that's just how it goes But when you see there's an effort being made, don't turn up your nose Turn up the bass, race to go and buy it Some of y'all love it - don't you, don't deny it The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Del the Funky Homosopien Album: Future Development Song: Faulty Typed by: jostmatt@bluewin.ch Man, I knew this nigga from (back in the day) I never knew he would be (actin this way) He displayed some faulty shit Wish I woulda caught the bitch I stuck to talkin shit Instead of setting off the apocalypse Out in the O they tryin to play like hermits Out in the O they'll smoke your ass like sherm sticks Definitely something to be concerned with You can't trust these niggas and it's time that I learn this This nigga that I went to school with Asked me for five bills, what you gonna do with That? 'Bout to give you a whole five dollar bill Of the shit had been real It wouldn'ta been a big deal But faultiness strikes, he said "Let's take a hike up the block And I'll give you the five out my sock" I give him two, my homie gave him three We was both wonderin what the fuck this gonna be He took us over to a project building I was bent off Cisco thinkin (* snorting, sneezing *)  He said "Wait here," and I started yellin He didn't make clear his intentions while he bailin Del infuriated, lost it, I drew the line, he crossed it It's time to burn his ass like I was caustic I was screamin, beamin, this lady came out her apartment And said, "Bounce if you're here to start shit Little boy," she was like "Some shit happened out here last night Get the fuck out cause it won't be no fight" This other nigga came out and said, "Don't shout Yo money gone, take this if you still wanna pout about It," He opened his hand and I was shocked In it was a crack rock I said, "What the fuck I'm s'posed to do with this, eat it?" I said, ,"Keep that shit," and then the lady said, "Beat it" "He told you your money gone, so get your ass on" I just did it cause I wasn't alone This Mighty Morphin nigga who I thought was a friend Transformed, took out a arm, wasn't nothin but a fiend He was fiendish, fiendish He was suckin basepipes like a penis He was fiendish Hah Fuck that punk Ha-hah The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Del the Funkee Homosapien Album: Future Development Song: X-Files Typed by: nashanv@hotmail.com Star-struck MCs receive no attention From the man whose mind is not even in this dimension I'm on another plane, sicker than the mother brain The ultimate expression, yes indeed Heed, my flow's symphonic, hypnotic, psychotic Never semiotic but doper than narcotics A few a y'all caught it on my first release But now my power's increased, enhanced Del meets the fans halfway, and slap a rapper in his chops The temperature drops, you get pneumonia Or maybe exposed to radiation by plutonium Some say rap's an idiom, get the A-S-R-S-P And then a medium, the best of both worlds Brilliantly engineered, lyrics dement your fear Del is now in the clear, I was in prison But now free to be everything that I envision Abandon the plan and the uninspired And the haters that cater to their needs agree It's bizarre, by far anarchy no control No soul, the whole fucking planet's gonna fold Unless we administer, since, as we enter the Twenty-first century even your worst enemy Gotta get it together, mentally and systematically When niggers think I'm a smart-ass, it makes em mad at me Why, cause I try my best to eliminate ignorance Not letting my brain burn out like cigarettes There's bigger threats besides thieves or your pet peeves But what's right in your face is what nobody believes [CHORUS] Del, what you got up your sleeve? If it was up to me I would pass the baton cause it's tough to lead But still I drop facts here and there so I can up the seed So you must believe Del, what you got up your sleeve? If it was up to me I would pass the baton cause it's tough to lead But still I drop facts here and there so I can up the seed So you must believe X-Files Lots of rappers today depend on imagery I myself depend on skills and my energy It's maddening, at every single gathering Of young black youth it's got to be some niggers badgering Averaging out to be bout three out a G How motherfuckers build stereotypes, cause it's all they see I take glee in the fact that I'm me Not a follower, a dollar wouldn't make me sell my soul Del is old-school compared to your subterfuge I got the same code of ethics Jungle Brothers use Now every nigger wanna be crime related Can't rhyme creative and they're made of self-hatred That's why they overstep boundaries that's sacred From the street to the corporate scene they all mean business Self for self, phony doesn't work Your soul holds no weight when you let the devil lurk Fighting evildoers I been evil myself But I'm still a black man with experience, under my belt I may be young, but my soul is old Living in the ice ages where a nigga's soul is cold Don't give a fuck about your life or his But if you get a gat for protection, who lives? Comin up ain't the same as pullin everybody else down But try telling that to niggers that are spellbound They'll probably say that you talk too much They gotta think too much So just be careful who you trust [CHORUS 2X] X-Files Peace The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Del the Funky Homosapien Album: Future Development Song: Future Development Typed by: WakMasterA@aol.com "Earth to Del, Earth to Del, Earth to Del do you read me? Do you copy Del? It seems we've lost radio contact Descend for warp speed so you can recieve transmission" Each rap is texture-mapped to perfection A 3-D world for you to step in I leave MC's stranded on asteroids Floatin through the void of space Del the black man, African back again Crackin windshields, so I can heal your souls When you feel my flows A wild beast when I piece together beats like puzzles MCs feel muzzled like dobermans Its over when you try duplicate And then your tooth'll ache for tryin to sink your teeth in Meetin your maker, Del the caretaker here break your life Away from you faker the Tammy Faye Baker I shake your brain up like Quaker Oats For tryin to memorize my maniacal quotes The funk coats your eardrums, Oaklands where we're from The deviant, workin feverishly but easily Eagerly awaiting your arrival Hide all you cowards You're powerless I'm live and in technicolor and tumorous Your humorous, my rhymes are numerous I'm too elaborate in my habitat With words that hit your skull like a battle ax, imagine that I'm actually destined cause I'm acutal perfection Equals natural selection with rhymes as my secret weapon This involvement in my newest installment Is dissolved in the chains on your brains like solvent I can't call it, all it means is my genes Comes from supreme beings, ancestors ya can't step ta No way out come right in, writin incredible shit They can't meddle with us Future development is too intelligent Future development, too too intelligent No way out come right in, writin incredible shit You can't meddle with us "And you say it, And niggaz are still frontin with that old technology shit, why is this soundin garbage?" To many fans and not enough artists Niggaz frontin heartless like they packin ultra cartriges You ain't gonna smoke me, you smoke weed I've seen some sick characters and they ain't scared a ya The true soldiers who will unload on your intersect Not me I'm into Tex and Mex Giant robos and ponos, and road shows I like to blow dough on the latest, not the status quo though More pull than yo-yo duncan Puttin passion in my rappin like a tongue kiss and right on by the hundreds With no bass the foundation crumbles Like niggaz bumble they whole life over rumbles Scandals, sure you got hand skills But unless you gonna be a boxer who's gonna offer Your hand scrill? (Nobody) I used to program computers Now I make manuvers on the mic to screw ya On the ole, how it goes how the flow for the uninitiated Plus on the side, get my own life sitiated You know writin lyrics in between lines Play some Samauri Spirits, oops Drop funky like defecation, poop Leavin ya mute moose, speechless Niggaz blackin out like an eclipse No defense for your pretense Which is just a feat to proposal Towards your disposal Del flow solo, fully mobilized the wise words So niggaz can get the total Perception, perfection destined for greatness Etched in your consciousness, metaphorically monstrous Future development is too intelligent Future development too too intelligent The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Del the Funky Homosapien Album: Future Development Song: Corner Song Typed by: henrik.engstrom@spray.se We 'bout to roll to the corner me and my crew We 'bout to roll to the corner and get us some brew We 'bout to roll to the corner and get some swishers too So we can roll a fat blunt and get perved Another fine day in this land I live Oakland we're they don't give a shit and that's it  You know I'm sellin dank and split the profit 50/50 With this other brother who went in half with me Now, first before we burst the move We gotta sooth our nerves with the liquor  Then we don't bicker We'll be relaxed ask your mama This shit is like a war zone Streets is hot like the Bahamas But we will stay away from the drama I'm wearin' my snipe, my arctic jacket with the wool like a llama But then we had to pause like a comma Cause someone got stuck and bucked and family was outside with trauma We heard the shots from inside and whenever gats go off I hit the deck and hide And if po-po said they got there on time they lied But you gotta give them credit they try I see a mother cry and I'm wondering why And my man said fuck it aint nothin' we can do But to continue our mission down the block for the brew And we out (yeah, yeah) [Chorus 2x] On our way we 'bout half way there Children runnin' everywhere like they just don't care The Muslim Bakery is like right between  And if I pass by with beer they will look at me mean So I ducks in and gets my Final Call now Cause still my brain gotta be well endowed and proud The ambulances signals and glances So let's hurry up and don't take no chances Niggas step to us trying to rap like we got all the answers In front of the store trying to work that slide ahead The panhandlers, they not no amateurs Daily reminders of how I gotta find a way to come up It sums up life along with the kids and a wife But anyway, we pass the local grocery store And you can be sure the meats and the produce ain't good no more Some of it is from days before I want it fresh and the clerk ain't my race so he stress They doin me in my community - fuck it, we there Aint enough for a 6 pack so we had to share A nice little stroll through the April spring air We hide our shit so the Nation don't see it there [Chorus 2x] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Del the funky homosapien Album: Future Development Song: Love is worth Typed by: jq@thehelm.com Okay You got to know what your love is worth Baby boy you got to know what your love is worth Baby girl you got to know what your love is worth Everybody got to know what their love is worth [Verse One] Yeah, you got to know what your love is worth As soon as a child is born and discovers earth It's a part of life, so don't get fucked in the end If someone's a lost cause, they'll be summoned up to start again Example, you a woman, in a relationship It seems like everything you do makes him flip It ain't physical violence, or nothing like that But the love that you show he doesn't show back But it started when you first met You looked incredible to him, he wanted to get his thirst wet  (yeah, I bet) He wanted to be down like Brandy At first his overbearing persona was so manly (ooooh) But now you're thinkin' most of the time, "he can't stand me" He lost trust in you when he saw you with Randy (haha) But then you find out he feel good about Candy You thinkin' this relationship is really demanding Everyone makes mistakes and that's true But from the beginning did he really love you? To him you a bitch, he told his boys he dug you out And nowadays he don't even hug you (doubts) And I'm sure it do more than bug you You wonder how you get attracted to these With a mackin disease, with a tactic to please But once you settle down you're entrapped in a squeeze Like a boa constrictor and he know when he gets ya You got to know what your love is worth That way you don't waste it on the world goin berserk Yeah [Chorus] - repeat 2X (guys talking) [Verse Two] Now put yourself in the shoes of this guy You fall in love with this girl and you don't know why (why dude?) Cause you don't feel the same but u give it a try Eyes wide, like you a child in a candy store Even though you the one she couldn't stand before Cause you was houndin' her, surroundin' her (damn) with confusion You used to be friends, but now the friendship is losin' Cause you visualize the romance, she like "no hands on" She don't wanna fuck with no man, "not even a slow dance?" You tried to kiss her and she even agrees But that don't mean you bout to be Adam and Eve In the Garden of Eden, but maybe for the evening You say she leading you on, but you just added pressure Of course she like you, you're friends don't try to test her She says she likes you as a friend, not a lover or wife So get a life, let her live hers and find another Don't let her smash her ego, cause we know you're great Let it be her mistake, yeah Don't waste your time bro cause you know If she don't appreciate what he do for her Then tell me why he should wait around The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Del the Funky Homosapien Album: Future Development (1996) Song: Slave Master Typed by: ggwayfer@ucdavis.edu Let me tell you a little story about the slave master. Use a whip on your ass so you behave faster. You got chains on your neck, and the Man's respect. You'll work all damn day, but you will never see a check In the field. Cotton you yield. Your skin peels off your back From the crack of the whip. It won't heal. Ya wish you had a shield 'cause he wields iron, So when you act up, he smokes ya and keeps firing. And it's tiring. Forget about recreation. One wrong move and it's death you're facing. White motha fuckaz got the ball and chain On your leg, and in the form of religion on your brain. They say, "You the devil." You say, "Who the devil?!?!" Some of us was house niggers. Some of us was rebels. Some tried to get along the best they could. And didn't nobody use the phrase, "It's all good!" Would you? They got you living like a shrew. They throw you pig lips and chicken gizzards. Then you make a stew. They give us a white Jesus to appease us. We talk among ourselves and hope nobody sees us. They had our brothers beating us. Called us createns plus monkeys. They just junkies mistreating us. The master said, "If you don't whip 'em, you're dead!" It was fucking with his head, but he beat us instead. And we bled. Red blood flowing like a flood. Then he'd rape your mother. Stick her face in the mud. They were ruthless! If you tried to front, you'd be toothless. Some tried to run even though it seemed useless. Virginity was torn. Soon babies was born that was half white. And now his skin is kind of light. You think you're special, because they let you Oversee the carnage? But I bet you Will get hung, even if you stick out your tounge. 'Cause they pull out the shank and stick it right through you're lung. Now it's 96 and white people say, "Forget it. It's all in the past." And some even regret it. 'Cause they think we'll set it. Now my missions to get federal So I can raise a black family with a true devils And you know how that goes. (Chorus 2x) The slave master watching over you, Always trying to tell you what the fuck to do! The slave master watching over you, But ain't nothing gonna stop me and my crew! This is for you kids trying to get signed. Just a little something you should keep in mind: The labels are slave masters. Artists are slaves. Don't get too raunchy. They want you to behave. You get signed. You're thinking, "This is great!" But wait You never knew what was at stake. Creative control they withold. You sell your soul when you sign on the dotted line hoping to go gold. But you'll never see that, not without promotion. The label'll just throw your shit out, and got it floatin'. You think your shit is potent, but ain't nobody buying it. If they ain't never heard of it, ain't nobody trying it. If they ain't never heard of it 'your record' they murder it. You can complain. But they are not concerned a bit. 'Cause when they signed you, they thought you'd make a hit 'cause of who you were affiliated with, and all that bullshit. Frustrations. All these rules and regulations Just so you can have your shit heard by the nation. And be patient. 'Cause by the time they find a lead release, your shit is ancient. You think they're working your album? You're mistaken. And if you flop, you get dropped. 'Cause you ain't the star. You didn't go pop. Just straight up hip-hop. Time to get a mop. 'Cause without no promotion, of course sales drop. Peep the break down: If tapes cost ($)10, You'll probaably only get to see a dollar in the end, That you cannot spend. Cause your budget gets recouped. So you never get cash unless your record is "Shoop." You better hope you get shows, which will not happen If you don't have a record that's the main attraction. Even if you sell a million, you'll get burned Cause they keep half your cash just in case of returns. For a while, you wonder why rappers don't smile.  'cause to them, you're not an artist. You're just another file. Another nigger used to make another buck. They don't give a fuck. And if your shit don't blow up, tough. But the star gets both promotion and devotion From the whole fucking staff. At you, they laugh. The star probably don't know that he the house nigger. Thinking he bigger cause he's the, pick of the litter. These lebels think backwards. They push the acts that need it the least So they can get all the money they can when it's released. They take you to a restarant for a feast, And then expect you to pck up the check? That's why I give props to niggaz who is independent: 'Cause they make they own money, plus decide how to spend it. Splendid.And lets end it. And don't get offended. (Chorus 2x) The slave master watching over you, Always trying to tell you what the fuck to do. The slave master watching over you, But ain't nothing gonna stop me and my crew. Hieroglyphics! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Del the Funky Homosapien Album: Future Development Song: Games Begin Typed by: jostmatt@bluewin.ch [ CHORUS ] Come on and let the games begin Cause the games begin when you're coolin with your friends And the friends to the end that don't pretend So have fun, have fun, have fun while it lasts [ VERSE 1 ] It's time to max, relax, ask anybody You got off work, you know your boss is a jerk Whether you a clerk or a rapper like me We all need to kick back and be carefree See, no plead-bargainin, no haboring Negative attitudes when you're out with your dudes Damn, it feels good when the weekend comes Done finished the homework, you're out with the bums Clownin, you're all down in whatever goes You throw on a tape and hear a nigga kick his flows Cruise down the strip and pop at some hoes Y'all still havin fun no matter what scenario you chose Even on a solo with hoes, take off your clothes But not without the condoms cause that's ( ? ) Those wake up the next day call your partners Pitch in four or ten and start the festivities No fuckin worries when you're livin free of stress That's why we only smoke bomb, fuck sess Y'all feel the best when y'all say let's act a fool  Cause it's June and it's cool cause we out of school [ CHORUS ] [ VERSE 2 ] Your friends are your friends like no matter what Other fools get cut from your team It seems like they dream of gettin next to you But all they really do is pester you Cause they marks, always wanna start funk when you with em Cause when he got beef with a nigga he thinks y'all'll get him Now he rollin with yo crew, but with no crew He wouldn't be poppin doodoo His ass would be through, but now he drug you into it And yes, all your boys And now you gotta kill the noise He destroys the whole vibe by frontin Tryin to be hard But he just Napoleon Bonaparte A little nigga tryin to take command Thinkin he the man But fuckin with him y'all'll all kick the can I can't stand a fake I kick it with my real niggas come spring break That's the ones I look out for, never doubt your pals Fuck them gals and don't ever let em separate you Your friends ( ? ) when that bitch hates you And I say [ CHORUS ] [ VERSE 3 ] Now when you got business to attend Take care of that and afterwards fuck with your friends Don't put shit off till tomorrow Do it right now 'fore you fuck with your pals That's the down period, rest and relaxation At the nigga Plus' house, let's go to Nations And get fits, when life is the pits You know I check my friends, make sure they legit Whether it's freestylin you know we smilin Niggas pilin up with the gin in a cup Or a blunt and Olde English so niggas can get fiendish Playin NBA Jams and just like the beats we slam and dunk Callin niggas punks but we just poppin junk Playin dozens, cause we like cousins And brothers, I wouldn't have it any other way You know what they say, all work and no play Et cetera The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Del the Funky Homosapien Album: Future Development Song: Town to Town Typed by: jostmatt@bluewin.ch [ VERSE 1 ] They say that nice guys finish last, but I'm the leader Drinkin liters of Seagrams with the heathens Misbehave and break the buzz, fuck the shavings Collectin scratch for my savings before the day ends Cravings for music, collaborate at a rate Faster than the speed of sound to go thataway No replicas, step to us, I guess the job was left to us To kick the phonics that kept you buzzed And perkin, workin words, distributin herbs To niggas livin in 'burbs cause they too petro To come to the ghetto Mind you, all we do is find you, wave and gave you a sack Come back but watch 50, they try to lift me Off the tracks but we ain't offerin crack, just bomb No need for alarm or bad karma, but arm yourself Move in stealth, wealth is accumulated Pockets are aluminated I make the shit I think hit even though some assume you hate it I pass judgment when the fuzz lit, take a shit Just another skit comin from the pit of Babylon But powerful like Alvatron From the Decepticons Music is magical like a leprechaun Kept you on point in many different sectors On Elektra, make you remember Medgar Evers and James Evers My skills sent from the heavens I wish they sold Maddog at 7-11 I remember when niggas wore Thriller jackets And Starter jackets and harder tactics Had been adopted and most of y'all mocked it But put a sock in it (* gagging sound *) for a minute I provide the funk and y'all rock with it As I spit it, admit it, oh shit [ CHORUS ] It's Del the Funky Homosapien Goin from town to town to town and just makin friends Reach out and shaking hands With the public and they love it [ VERSE 2 ] No technical difficulties or faultiness, you salt me with That plain-Jane-no-game-insane-to-the-brain Don't need cocaine fuckin with the A The A-Pluster plus the A from way back in the day For mind expansion enhancing thoughts I'm raw with savagery, the majesty of all in vision Wait, but isn't this a good way to start? Developin art to cart scrill to kill Satan Plans for gettin Daytons are past tense Stack ends so I won't be a has-been (You know it) The question you been askin: Is Del that masked man? Rollin through our cities just rippin major venues Like Whitney Houston like when I went to Houston My father is from Texas, so next bust a rhyme for times I felt it was no hope, but no factors you formulate Made me foster hatred and made me wanna make it When I'm in the Bay niggas say (Del, how you doin, man?) I ain't no rap star that act hard, can't speak I leak lyrics, freak lyrics, secrete lyrics From my spirits Tyranny for all who hear of me Bomb in a bong, my feet in a thong On a beach with a biatch named Bonbon Called her on the Intercong, enter John Owens Better known as Casual to y'all not knowin About flowin, cause your rhymes are all stolen Another dip on the strip cause task force patrollin But rollin blunts too fat to measure Mexico's national treasure for pleasure Resurrect tracks like this from my childhood Before it was such a wild hood Knock on wood [ CHORUS ] [ VERSE 3 ] My beats are meaty Let's call a peace treaty And stick to it I'm quick to do it, are you? So much funk you can't kick it with my crew Other than when it's time to get blue? (Shame on you) I want me a girl that's intelligent Doin shit and ain't too belligerent Picture it, chillin backyard barbecue Not trippin off what niggas are to you Jealousy, well let's see It's a lot of that in Oakland It started when niggas started smokin And snortin hop, fuck pop I want the melodies But not the weak topics you are selling me Del is free of confinements My mind bendin fragile and frazzled I choose to stay underground like Fraggles In battles I'm sure to win While you smoke bud I drink gin It sinks in while everyone else act on it I macked on it but not too far from redrum Don't push me, I'm not a pussy I wish we could gather at a function, drink some lager And just bust hymns of funk and flav Cause the slaves that are our ancestors Would feel blessed if we did that Before we hear rap Now it's American children syntax Ever since it been on wax And that's the facts, believe it, don't mislead it And don't do the shit if you don't need it And that's real, you might not be but I am The truth's gonna slap you in the face, so why scam? [ CHORUS ] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Del the Funky Homosapien Album: Both Sides of the Brain Song: Time is Too Expensive Typed by: WakMasterA@aol.com (CHORUS) "Time is too expensive" Too expensive, it's too expensive Too expensive, you know what? Time is of the essence Whacha say now? Whacha say, whacha say now? You know what? Time is of the essence [Del] My vast knowledge of rhyme is past college Blast, demolish, polish off all enemies I can't fall in this rap game, I got acrophobia Plus half these rappers out here are fuckin dead like necrophilia You know the thing, chocolate like Ovaltine Comin down on the mic like eggs from ovaries Monarchal metaphor, malevolent with settlements Maniacal when Hiero flow, unstoppable and chock full of funk the freak, so fuck the foreplay Del has been ordained to terrorize your brain The diagnosis, the show business bogus My lyrics lash out, like I was throwin stones in a glass house Rappers pass out, ass out And anyone left on the scene who has doubts Y'all fools ain't got no nuts I'm doin donuts Slow up whoever show up, I'm too robust So what? I'm invincible invisible lyrics Original origin unknown from here on in Uncommon dominating hip hop Permiating every portal with mortals More flows Heaven scent, microphone etiquette And lyrics up for your goblin and kill the novice I write bad subjects like the Hobbit And on to the next phase before you try to rob it You know, D-E-L, yeah! (CHORUS) [Del] Supreme MC's reach out when I'm on top Catch altitude sickness not to use fitness In front of witnesses get with this fetch the funk While I test the skunk, see I will caress the blunt Come step through the flames of Hades or remain a lady Rhymes infectious as rabies -- Deltron, hell on earth Prevailing curtailing, you're shattered with data Directed, my method, hectic, try and dissect it Next shit, hydrauling we're calling you out I rap with accuracy - I'm sick of fools actin like they blacker than me - y' know, usually bourgeoi' We a new breed of MC remedy For inner street jerks who wanna flirt with our sound but ain't really down, silly clowns Barnum and Bailey rejects Press eject on defects (yeah) These threats delivered signed and sealed by the Delmeister German for master, burnin the blasphemous Whatever you ask of us gets fullfilled Non-linear, you couldn't find a flow friendlier Or even similar with beats that knock Those who cock block transport 'em to the chop shop Operation X cause we often facin death And fake ass players are lost and wastin breath (CHORUS) [Del] Lyrical master, turnin mic sessions to disaster areas I'll wax your derriere Disable MC's with fatal degrees and flows Flamboyant flamin fools like mesquite, let's eat These barbeques are for you Were are the few the proud the Hieroglyphics Microphone moguls with code words and hand signals For negros, spanish for black I'll vanish your raps, at the borderline Where you can order rhymes Never monochromatic, y'all know the habits of Del Talented, creating lyrical Gallaghers Highest caliber, hip hop puritan Throw my voice like Surrican, or ventriloquists Until it sit in your cerebrum, I need them Through the medium of music, too sick The ratio is glaciar, Gigantor My flow is lighter fluid, you'll need a higher druid Magicians and Mages, to curb my primal rages My styles all over the place, disease contagious And treacherous (what?) like Mussolini (uh-huh) but cooler than Fonzarelli eating fussilli With roots in hip-hop goin back to Whodini Who see me, no eyes, your style is corny like bow ties No fries, keep that shake for a keep sake As well as patened Del hysteria Malaria area, 88 bait for bitin MC's They're bitin to see, see that's like a likin disease My time is up, I take my mic and I leave The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Del the Funky Homosapien Album: Both Sides of the Brain Song: If You Must Typed by: mamasuga@hmc.edu It's important to practice good hygiene At least if you wanna run with my team I'm bout to get into some shit that I've seen This fool's breath, I mean so bad it'll melt your ice cream They say don't say nothing if you can't say nice things Sittin too close to him it burned(?) like my eyes sting I try to be subtle, hand him a stick of gum I was a victim of breath on him Running his yap about what sets he from Gotta get some gum gotta get him some He turned it down, his teeth was brown Excruciating for him and it was a new sensation I had to ask the dope to pass the soap Cuz his toe had the sniff of crustaceans Or bathrooms in a bus station He had a can of Olde E and some raisins Amazing... head to toe B.O. He didn't know, used to the fragrance Just as the days went without bathing He felt manly and not like a maiden He had one dread, and fungus Said he worked on peoples' toilets with plungers Girls let the guy you were with ???? So guys take your cue from this number [CHORUS] (x2) You gotta wash your ass, if you must You gotta wash your hair, if you must You gotta brush your teeth, if you must Or else you'll be funkyyyyyyyy Now at class you need total concentration But there's kids in the back holdin conversations Crackin on each other, and neither were poster boys Both of em smell like the type that soap avoids Coast and Joy, they leave their absence One's fool's feet smelled like it struck some matchsticks Brimstone, girls would never bring him home I was laughin, then his friend raised his tone And said, "Bud(?) you rolled all over yourself" "yeaaa" I know some people your ass should be submerged Like you need to deal with water cuz you smell like a turd Wanna cap get some courage, your feet smell lurid Well look it up And while you're at it, get a cup And squeeze the sweat out your sweatshirt and drink it or gargle You get our vote for most stinkiest That nigga started thinkin of shit, said I was frail I said he was stale Underarms is ripe Undergarments tight, about to leap out your holy sweats And we holdin bets, and after this I'm gonna collect Nigga check, yourself Respect yourself And wash your mothafuckin body 'fore your sweatshirt melt Like radioactive, no lady find you attractive The funk got you captive You don't need a map bitch [CHORUS] (x2) You gotta wash your ass, if you must You gotta wash your hair, if you must You gotta brush your teeth, if you must Or else you'll be funkyyyyyyyy The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Del the Funky Homosapien f/ Casual Album: Both Sides of the Brain Song: Jaw Gymnastics Typed by: cyclonis@hotmail.com [Del The Funky Homosapien] Check it out Uhhh Del's back, go get ya life preserver Aquaman with the flow you might get murdered You get caught in the slipstream When I was fifteen I was ripping You were shoplifting My accent on rap is smashin' Emcees be past tense Didn't make the draft pick Come get ya ass kicked You awful And slothful I'm grease lightning Hit cha with shit that's uncalled-for Leave ya jaw broke Tryna simulate Gimme a break You rhyme purely functional Merely fills the gap I'm a rhymin' mercenary I'ma kill the track My brainstorm cause a cloud bust Bring forth a rhyme like childbirth Style search Tearin' out the whereabouts of lyrics Somethin' you don't care about I eviscerate your mental state Into strips of steak I'ma situate barbituates to get you baked Your feminine image is far from intimidating Cause my style you're imitating That's as sin as Satan Your corny insubordinate rhymes are like a porno flick Prepare to Edgar Allan and spread ya talent thick You gotta problem with balancing Ya equilibrium is givin' up Ya symmetry is imagery Your videos are pretty dope Big budget But my poetry you covet Mega-destructive You can't fuck with I'm loony wit language This artform is truly endangered So I change it, never doing the same shit I'll make a profit off of oxygen Phenomenon wit no homonyms Hit'em wit a sonic boom Eradicate ya naniploom Procure of insert a word wit hypodermic earnest And leave ya burnin' like a furnace Poetry protagonist Leave you havin' strict Advocate of whatever I'm imagining That's what's happening Party-goers call me Yoda I use my force with fortitude Just sure to groove And support my crew Hiero Vital Components in the lineage Of Hip-Hop heritage Where we go is limitless (Chorus) Let's follow along with the rhyme y'all I bet some of y'all get lost and can't find y'all Just on a mission to let you know that I'm raw With the Jaw Gymnastics verbals for your minds y'all [Casual] I'm the difference between Hanna Barbara and Hanibal the Barbarian The metal stiletto ghetto cesarean Word carryin' clarion My drum kicks got blood on a steel toe Nasty like crud on a dildo For real though Bram bisque gets bust and break a baller for his billfold Better beware boy before the shoddy make ya body prostrate Huh Before they dope make ya eyes dilate My rhymes'll gyrate Irate Liquid spills covering nine states Liftin' crime rates Shiftin' earth plates Casual amongst the ranks of greats Bitch niggas get treated and took out like dates They lightweights Have dat ass beggin' for another day like Nate Your hard Boulevard facade'll get you scared Get cha shit served preserved Banned, canned and jarred And labeled as a fable Ya unstable My methods on the mic make money under the table Pay-Per-View, Digital-TV, or Cable By cell phone, via satellite, or right at cha label Hell, you can even send an email I rip that ass in 500K detail Use a seasheall In an ocean of emotion Periless notions of my delicate delivery devotion [Del The Funky Homsapien & Casual] Minimal effort make are shit sound phat Delvon And Smash Boogie We gets down like that You know I grab the mic And hit cha tit for tat Delvon And Smash Boogie We gets down like that (Chorus 2X) [Casual] Ha Artist: Del the Funky Homosapien Album: Both Sides of the Brain Song: FWA (Fair Weather Associates) * Typed by: Taxxdog@aol.com * "Pet Peeves" part one [Intro] Fare weather associates You better, watch how close they get It's the, fare weather associates You better, watch how close they get It's the, fare weather associates You better, watch how close they get It's the, fare weather associates You better, watch how close they get [Del] We all know FWA's, how they lay  cause they figure if you're bumpin the pays In the long run, and it's all fun in their eyes They must be on one how, they prepare lies Get up close make you think, you the host of the ceremonies Why you ain't peepin like a doggy mark his territory They're never there for me when I need a little boost Because of who you are, they can get a little juice Then they like to seemingly leans up on your shoulders Otherwise he's steppin on toes gettin over Flappin his molars talkin 'bout he owe you and every time he smoke, he don't show you no love And be the first fool with his lips on the blunt If he persists to front I'ma commenced to dump Be careful when you make a little something that's yours Cause a lot of these predators want yours to be theirs Or at least own a share just by bein there I be on some hermit skit, and fools think I'm square now There's an interesting way to look at it I look at them as bein fake, the way they took advantage Speaking on the crooks of the planet, who claim they got game Yeah you the game and they the hunter; just one more [Intro] Fare weather associates You better, watch how close they get It's the, fare weather associates You better, watch how close they get The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Del the Funky Homosapien Album: Both Sides of the Brain Song: Shit Talkers * Typed by: Taxxdog@aol.com * "Pet Peeves" part two Hey whassup man, this is D-E-L once again I'm here to tell you a little story about this motherfucker  who keep runnin his big ass mouth You don't know me, motherfucker Shut your ass up, 'fore I slap the lips off your motherfuckin face Man, you got a big ass mouth! You know what? [Del] Fools is hella talkative, saying how I walk and live Always trying to start the kid, wishin that we all can give a small interview, just a subterfuge Wanna hook up with you so they can say 'whatchu do' Get your own life, live your own legacy  Why you wanna spread my rees, talking 'bout my girls pregnancy Professor, I guess you never learned your lesson  When you saw me out drinkin at the bar,  you said I was sexin this other ho Chuck D, what a brother know  about my beeswax, runnin off with your feedback Who I smoked weed with? Who I smoked crack with? (false) How I sexed every girl you know without no prophylactic Fool, I'll be in the house and that's it On the rap tip or studyin, unlike you You quite new, no game I understand you a youngster, wanna be hustler Undercover buster Can't believe I trusted ya - but that goes to show how fools fold getting jelly off the dough, yo! [Del's imitation] "Del's rich Del's bitch got zero, cause Del's a hero,   Del's a weirdo because he do heroin" [Del] Ain't got no idea where Teren's been I should take it to pugilism so  I can fuse your vision with some realness Instead of these fake phony stories you be glorifyin Don't you know that many more are dyin? From the fatal disease, called runnin them choppers in front of females, or on front of the coppers You only do this shit cause you be wanting your propers Somebody's gonna get steamed and run up and pop ya You exercise your choppers really, choo choo choo You exercise your choppers off some brand new news Your molars bite, your canines tear, whether it's false or true You exercise your choppers like some gossipin fool You know what? You get your little notices from bumpin your gums When you should be concentratin on lumpin your sums Got to show your little ass when company comes Cause We From The Crew That You Wanna Be From You get your little notices from bumpin your gums When you should be concentratin on lumpin your sums Got to show your little ass when company comes Cause We From The Crew That You Wanna Be From! BIOTCH! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Del the Funky Homosapien Album: Both Sides of the Brain Song: Followers * Typed by: Taxxdog@aol.com * "Pet Peeves" part three (Chorus) Followers, dick swallowers No power over themselves, blindness Don't take it as a diss, take it as an act of kindness We wanna be in front while you fools is behind us Are you gonna live your whole life with blindness on your eyelids? Pretty boys fakin like they grinders [Del] First off, you a buster so mind us On the street with your crack thinkin your a timer Co-signin, findin it ain't workin Fiends is perkin, I seen you on Perkins Fools chirpin around the blocks with glocks  And you, really ain't ready for the plot they got It's unbelievable the way the leave your skull on the pavement Snatch up your scrilla as soon as you made it You could be layin dead, instead you play dead So they would quit whoopin your ass; you get, put in the past Tryin to keep up with the Jones' like the mass N.C. baby, means you got no class [Poser speaks] "Aw what nigga? Man, I be on the flat lands all the time, nigga.  I-I ain't even trippin!" [DEL]  "Man you from the hills though man, what you doin" [Poser] "Aww nigga you don't know nigga. Nigga, I'm following niggaz." [DEL]  "You trippin' man." [Poser] "Man I be grindin' and chillin'  Nigga, I was rolling dice the other day nigga."  [DEL] "You need to take your ass to school." [Poser] "Aww" (Chorus) Followers, dick swallowers No power over themselves, blindness Don't take it as a diss, take it as an act of kindness We wanna be in front while you fools is behind us Are you gonna live your whole life with blindness on your eyelids? Pretty boys fakin like they grinders ("Dude, that ain't me, dude") [Del] You bite somebody's style, it's invitin like a child You cling to it; I hear it, hmmm It's got a ring to it - if that's your thing do it At least you claim you ain't down with that hiphop shoobeedoobee Which is fine cause my click say you booty You a white kid, your mom said I'm a mooley Now you talking 'bout pass the doobie and the toolie Got your raps and your gat pointed at yours truly Talking 'bout you gonna school me, who me? Here's a little jewel like a ruby  since you talkin like you knew me Playing a role that's straight out a movie Acting unruly, and your neighbors call SOO-WEEE to the pigs then they fling you in the brig Leave gang bangin to the real gat holders or real black soldiers who you don't know of Who don't show love with all you sun and your thun Cause they know where you from,  You from Oakland, you rich and you ain't from the slums Your pops is a politician So why bein a criminal is your three wishes used up, do what comes naturally Quit playing a role that don't even have to be You slippin [Poser 2]  "Dude, I ain't slippin, man I'm from the town too,   man I'm from the Oakland hills dude.  That's East Oakland, blood. You don't even know, man." [DEL] "Man, you trippin man." [Poser 2] "I ain't trippin dude.  Why you trying to step to me like, you know, you somethin man?"  [DEL]  "Yap, yap, yap, yap." [Poser 2] "What up? Whatever dude, whatever." [DEL] "All in my ear with that yappin, man. You trippin."  [Poser 2] "I'll keep at it to! Wassup?"  [DEL] "What!? [laughing] You gonna get hard?   What you talkin about fool?" [Poser 2]  "Hey, you never know." (chorus) Followers, dick swallowers No power over themselves, blindness Don't take it as a diss, take it as an act of kindness We wanna be in front while you fools is behind us Are you gonna live your whole life with blindness on your eyelids? {*music fades out*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Del the Funky Homosapien Album: Both Sides of the Brain Song: Press Rewind Typed by: cyclonis@hotmail.com [Del The Funky Homosapien - 1st Verse] Check my comprehensive catalog of crafts I'm daffed I battle all like I don't have it all Avant-garde Battlestar Galactica Got rhymes per capita I'm shining through the aperture But I'm not gonna bust no caps for ya (nah) That's another genre I'm the black bomber Track charmer Sack burner Distract burdens If it ain't that urgent Nerve prints Word sentinel invisible infidel interstellar Hella clever Endeavors immeasurable With only heaven to go incredible Melodramatic wit tales from the tablet You fail cause you average Regardless of your sells and your status You extra baggage I bamboozle like I'm mobbin' in a Landcruiser Down MacArthur Artistic archer Autistic misfit You'll get the sickness When I spit the wickedness And split cha wig like Kid Icarus Leave you headless like Icky-bod I infuriated, tick you off Stick to Pop Hip-Hop's too dificult To me, it's a cult Lyrics lacerated, slit cha throat Beat cha brain down like Piscopo with Smith & Colt I don't know, Different Strokes So respect me for I whip out ol' Betsy Surgically remove you from my testes Purposely improve you just to see who the best be But sold up sexy Take a poll and know the prestige Large lefty I automate Animate My soul sanitation like I gotta canvas painting Manifestions (Chorus) Eh, who's ever hearin' this Deltron-Z be a lyricist Frontin' on your fake false appearances "Press Rewind" (Sadat X sample) Drive you delirious Dead serious The eeriest mic mysterious Eh peep, who's ever hearin' this Deltron-Z be a lyricist Frontin' on your fake false appearances "Press Rewind" (Sadat X sample) Drive you delirious Dead serious The eeriest mic mysterious (Scratching) "Press Rewind" (Sadat X sample) [Del The Funky Homosapien - 2nd Verse] Go ahead, try symbiosis But most rap artist don't have any focus Think they flippin' chips Try penny brokers Kipsco or pennyloafers Get my album I'll show you how it's done Del-ateous Hella atrocious wit vocals My throat holds verbal choke pose Po-po's in ya scrolls My goals are not rifles I flow scrimmage like the Micronots You might go pop and I might grow crops Go get the gestapo You riskin' a pot full of gold Pull a zodiac sign to halftime Reenact rhymes from a past life of a flashlight Man, you don't know the half Dash right to the phonograph Blow your balderdash Coordinates confirm Subordinates will learn My ordnance is stern so supportin' my fern Is the only way in this lonely age where you goin' crazed Your style is sold and paid for cause I made more Water emcees like a bayshore Bullets graze doors (Where) In Oakland where they lay law Del is going AWOL wit napalm Eight bombs taped to my arms like the town crier Now miser Strider Spit exciter Rippin' plywood Forget beef cakin' lyrical cheapskates Try Del and win the sweepstakes What I make is so hot, it's seethin' Off the deep end Stop your breathin' Caught cha sleepin' Now you're peekin' like you've eaten A hundred microdots wreck your equinox Delete every piece of props Leave your perforated Curb your hatred Disserve your matrix in the Word Olympics Completely furnished wit burners like Ted Turner I broadcast the classics fabu-lass, fa-tastic (Chorus) Peep, who ever hearin' this Deltron-Z be a lyricist Frontin' on your fake false appearances "Press Rewind" (Sadat X sample) Drive you delirious Dead serious The eeriest mic mysterious Hey, who ever hearin' this Deltron-Z be a lyricist Frontin' on your fake false appearances "Press Rewind" (Sadat X sample) Drive you delirious Dead serious The eeriest mic mysterious [Del] And the survey says Go pratice or something man You know Peace "Press Rewind" (Sadat X Sample) Ah-hah The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Del the Funky Homosapien f/ El-Producto Album: Both Sides of the Brain Song: Offspring Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash, TRIPLETONE@hotmail.com [Del]	Aiyyo whattup El-P? [El]	Yo whattup Del-phonic? [Del]	Nuthin man; I was on the bus the other day man 	tryin to listen to my Walkman 	This motherfucker all in my face 	Tryin to holla at me and shit 	I'm like, "Man - dude you just a offspring" [Del] I'm very interplanetary and vary with various experiments Gregarious with verbals for your merriment What El-P tell me to use, the beat di-ffuse You lose and get played like a mood I'm rude revolting leave you molting No thing - compares to my compadres We'll take it to Broadway It's beautiful the execution flawless You all wet, soggy groggy when you saw me But I never tire whenever I adjust my thrust  Females blush I bring the California gold rush Your flow sucks, your stamina can't endure I manicure your lavender amatuer landed words You haven't heard? Cannabis analyst Add a twist to my manuscripts I'l have you sent to the showers Me and El-P, is superpowers like the US and USSR Blow you like the Deathstar Leave your chest scarred like Sagat My plot proliferates, hits you like barbituates in a twist of fate and splits your face It's the great DelTron-Z, soundbombing Run to mommy, I'm airin out your dirty laundry I'm shooting then executing you're aiming from mainstream Your brain tingles, strangles your lame jingles Bingo I bring flows that attack like wild dingoes Can't be pigeonholed, anything goes gringo [El-Producto] Here we go - up jumps the outcast, sever the connection My mostly overconfident acquaintances pull numbers to the anti-potients and fear that I drip sick in And rise out of my shell to teach sick or bedridden emcees til they fear living Blockin the cocks that bust shots, spittin smitten bitches til the day of the locust, kitchen cutlery cuts DMX 16 crossfade with a strange lust Dr. Strangelove, born in the back of the train, fameless shame shared with acne pick brain pit Tried to capture the moment of subtle death Destro magnet spit - action fit into capsules  slipped in the dirty waterway speaker cabinets Maximum b-boy axiom stabbin shit Intellectual women find that my rhyme style relaxes them and wonder if I fuck to the same rhyme style pattern It's autobahn pipe bomb glass fragment shatter to break new jacks at after parties for actin actual Factor X into your formula for fresh thoughts with a Megalon wingspan that bulge from the back of the text radical Radio time tracks flatten your flattery The tradition excuse used by biters; ambiguously homo Knotted tights and colored underwear that's wrapped around the brittle legs of things without weapons - I'm grief diseased brethren Swim in a sea of shit and malt liquor, feed on Excedrin Radiate through tenements; emcees bleed estrogen! Chorus: Del and El-P Watch insanity increase Break it up piece by piece Never weak in the least Think you better see a priest (Mortality, don't battle me, it's costly  We the raw breed all of y'all is just the offspring) [El]	Yo Del kick that shit again [Del] Tomahawking your tom-tom club You tried to holler at me at my show, lookin like you on drugs You love the Del I'll thug you, bumpin Juvenile Thinkin you in style, packin like you movin now I move top speed, scott free with cock-D Knock-kneed delivery that scorches you like Lockheed Dr. Decibel, my deliverance is questionable  but as far as this session goes I'm wreckin skulls Better check your pulse, we visionaries with this Scarin the shit outta record labels next to fatal Right beside homocide bonafied bewilderment Militant diligence like I'm buildin pyramids Peel your cap reveal your lack of flavor Track your pager plus your celly Piss on your Pele Pele, catch you comin out of belly Dumbin out daily, tell me, what was your rationale Think of matchin Del I disconect your PacTell My mobile code words, showboat with no hope for any rhyme you kick or any beat you load up Leave you catatonic off a bag of chronic, skanless with anthems Stomp your little cadence out at random [El-Producto] Ran-random, ran-random El and Del-aphonic known to go off on a tantrum Now you know..  For the backpackers, for the computer hackers For the misplaced famous, for all the video gamers For the derranged krylon stain makers For the ungry hungry ass verbal brain rapists That New York to the Bay shit! "Go off, go off!" The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Del the Funky Homosapien Album: Both Sides of the Brain Song: BM's Typed by: SignGuyICP@aol.com Ahh First day off probation, no wastin' time Just like ancient times, and take a dime and roll it Blaze it with no fear After havin' to take piss tests for a whole year Smokin' with a cold beer makes me kinda think Why I don't like to drink heavily, 'cause what my P.O. was tellin' me 'You can't smoke and even eat poppy seeds But you can buy liquor, and drink all you need' It's callin' me, I used to drink Heineken's Now it's 'bout 5 or 10, plus wine and gin Hennessy, finishing the last drop To the liquor store was a cash crop Drive right past the grass spot Doin' the dumbest shit I ever did in my life Riskin' my life,  Resistin' arrest It's in my flesh Probably smell funny And there go Del's money Fast forward to 1998 I smash more herb than those old day's With a whole J to the face Nah, I'm still feelin' gettin' drunk more than weed But now we back in Amster-D, got some grams for me Chocolate Thai and Purple Haze And blocks of hash that make the J's last for days Rollin' up so phat, circumference stuffed with major chronic We can put a wager on it When we first got out here in Europe it was everywhere Even at the gas station, I was down in the mat A fast pace, when I thought 'This shit ain't helpin' nothin' When I can get elevated straight puffin' nothin'' Chorus: (Scratching) Straight puffin' nothin'... (Scratching) Straight puffin' nothin'... (Scratching) Straight puffin' nothin'... The smokin' sessions was the best in the world Plus the price was right, affordable, so more to use So fat they deserve the Kodak And no tax so I'm savin' Not misbehavin' That's a risk we takin', we ain't talkin' bout that We in the outback, smokin' till my mouth's black, how's that? Another fucked up for sho', being blow I sorta didn't get it crunk When I was drunk Slow that liquor down boy, hit this BM, Bob Marley  A tribute 'Cause it's probably as fat as it was he rolled When he strolled Down the same cobble stone streets With his own beats Another generation, a different time zone With his mind blown, thinkin' up divine poems Blessed by the father (?) It's a father of spiritualities, since it all affects the Karma I used the herb for good purposes Some people are sure to diss, but up in Amsterdam they nurcher it And I can't forget about (?) This kid is brainia Try to sell hard drugs there then they claimin' ya Life, they only deal with real shit All the bomb and hash you want to deal it And all's well, they don't even sell it for much And the cops don't really touch, 'cause it ain't slangin' dust  I'm writin' this, right now under the influence But if you'd just torch those that say I shouldn't do this Bob Marley'd out, at least 'til I'm back by the lake But I might roll 1 or 2 for old times sake... Chorus: (Scratching) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Del the Funky Homosapien Album: Both Sides of the Brain Song: Skull and Crossbones Typed by: janets@voicenet.com (scratched:) I never drink and drive 'Cuz I might spill my drink Give me the keys, I'm OK Quit tellin' me I'm drunk, I only had five Hurricanes Quit bein' such a Puritan, I'm a mega-turrican (?) Wakin' up and it's all a blur again If I'm alive... If I'm alive... If I'm alive... If I'm still alive... Red Skull more like skull and crossbones Took my driver's test straight pilin' over the cones It ain't funny so don't you dare chuckle Drivin' hella drunk without my beltbuckle Fuck you, I'm OK That's what they all say Already got a suspended license Smokin' weed in my ride and lightin' incense Not knowin' it could be gone in an instant Pistons pumpin', slumpin' Over the steering wheel So many drunk drivers on the road It's killing fields Who gives a fuck? If I get caught all I get Is a slap on the wrist My license tooken is a bitch But I still drive with a D.U.I. Crash, see my passenger fly Through the windshield It's hard to see you die Heads crushed, necks severed from the shards That's what happens playing with a wild card How do you feel on trial for killin' your girl? Nineteen years old, the end of the world Don't know what to do Pop's is gonna' kill you Twelve gauge shotgun to your grill smooth Got you in a predicament If I'm drivin' drunk I've got a sickness Some fool's is shiftless Like me, gifted Student GPA: four point oh Blood alcohol level past that though (scratched:) I never drink and drive 'Cuz I might spill my drink Three o'clock, time to go One more line of coke with cognac But my cognitive skills ain't on the shit What now Sherlock? Key to the lock My friend's is tellin' me to stop Damn near down the block I found cops in the bushes peekin' Plus it's the weekend and I'm off the deep end I roll through an alley way, can't see Getting ansy I hop on the interstate but it's late Cops patrol but I don't give a fuck though I swerve to the right and get stuck in a mudhole Check the rearview, the coast is clear Tryin' to focus here but I can't Drunk as hell, bust a rail Now I'm sailin' off the cliff High off the spliff, plus a fifth I bust my shit Now I'm rollin' down the side like a suicide What will my family do if I die? Tension builds, I went through hills and trees Stopped by a redwood first thing broke was knees I feel pain then a split second later Car burst into flames, they won't know my name They'll have to check my dental records My body is charred Burnt to a crisp soon as the car flipped the crash That's my ass, a thing of the past Already dead by the impact of airbags (scratched:) I never drink and drive 'Cuz I might spill my drink If I'm alive... If I'm alive, If I'm still alive... If I'm alive... If I'm alive, If I'm still alive... Skull and crossbones Poisonous pathways (8X) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Del the Funky Homosapian Album: Both Sides of the Brain Song: Catch All This Typed by: dajavu2camron@hotmail.com & * send corrections to the typist You gotta get a better view outside, bird's eye view inside I annihilate fools w/ the ???, birds eye view catch all this Birds eye view catch all this Birds eye view catch all this Birds eye view catch all this Birds eye view catch all this [Verse One] Del, You don't need much proof When I'm in the sound proof booth, I get loose Your Excellency, better than the rest of emcees, best with the beat My capacitors collapse your faders, when I come lackadaisical That's the way to go Smash the radio Pass the gravy too well I behave a fool High level virtual humanoid, leave your whole crew destroyed When I switch to manual Cause I don't stick to manuals I'm back with panic filled, Manic skills That weave the tapestry you can't capture me On video, DVD, or camera I mangle mice in a maniacal manner Feed back, fry ya scanners They wave white banners, like dandruff Hand cuffed to tracks like a prisoner non-visionary commentary is a listener [Verse Two] Compelling, unpredictable, how I spit my flow Get the dough But rich or poor, I enrich my soul I can't forget my bro's, that's unforgivable Live as though you can play, that's when you get stripped to ya bare essence To finally know your fates stop wastin time and try 2 share lessons They're guessin, puzzled muzzled By society undeniably subtle Technology to make a space shuttle Technology to make the earth rumble Get a whiff, it smell like trouble But Del likes trouble and I don't need a double Meet it head on, let's hope it's dead on There's a time for dancing and mind expansion Tryin to balance, your mind is challenged To get past lies and violence Lies and silence, wiped out Like a surfboard I dun know what hurts more Knowin, not knowin, or can't controlling But I control my destiny In my heart I hold it, I can't let the world get the best of me [Verse Three] Devastating mic control, Levitating master flows Infrared lyrics snipe ya dome, And I write it like a poem Notorious like a Poe, a title I have the right to own Celebrate elevation, And try to make sense outta these statements I'm information inflated While emcees done plagerated Critics don't buy the records Fans do and I respect that Del, my signature style is assembled and wild he can do what he like it's two of me Both sides of the brain Watch emcees flow right down the drain My special moves will rescue you from mediocrity and popular offerings Operating at a high speed, You don't know yet just try me The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Del the Funky Homosapien Album: Both Sides of the Brain Song: Phony Phranchise Typed by: VerbalEsence@aol.com, icabod@hookt.com Cut: (Del talking) Hook: This is real hip hop not no phony phranchise Winnin' by a landslide and you know you can't hide This is D-E-L not no phony phranchise Winnin' by a landslide and you know you can't hide This is Hieroglyphics not no phony phranchise Winnin' by a landslide and you know you can't hide Cut: Rag Del, impetuous, tempestuous,  My power's activated, have to make it, funky Del deep, scuba diver wet suit Who survived to get loose Brewin' in the test tubes To the rescue, extradiction process To get you all stressed Step onto my office That's what you call fresh It's more like some soft breasts If i stopped cess, i probably would cough less Test it, just to see if ya'll rested I'm blessin' the beat just like if i was the best man Yo, you miss it in ya' public school distict Get a book and do the physics Yo' i got a cool image Like Hendrix, my kindred,  Y'all fuck up to my index Bench press rappers doing sets with my Syntax Ain't nothin' new motherfucker man i been black Impact, remember Malcom X wore a pimp hat You paper chasin' when you make it then you spit that That your whole life shoulda never even been rap Wannabe gangster fool around and get your friend capped Talkin' hella shit my brother trying to buy a ten sack Man, just call me amphibious Submerging so deep yanking curtains on these idiots Walking 'round oblivious more than annoying Everywhere I turn a black life is destroyed and Times is getting tough gotta sign for unemployment  Walkin' round the town all 'noid and bent Out of posture from sixteen blunts, a pint of vodka Intoxicated some of y'all call it faded With my headphones slammin' playin Iron Maiden Sleepin' in the lobby of the Days Inn Hook Cut: Never outdated When my power's activated, have to make it, funky I'm barn storming, alluring, curing  Your ailments with lyrical talismans Here it is, for the scrutiny of every record reviewer Your tool to reduce your little rhymes are non-existent Meticulous methods I use to modify The style you all should try Posh poetics, cost effective Neck and neck with sun beams Transcends the fabric of time Yah, it's one thing Named Hiero, habitual funk, fiends and freakerz Techniques from the major leaguers leaves you meager Style malfunctional i'm punchin' in early Right on schedule gold medalist rebellious (who?) Del is, got you cornered like a cougar Comin' up with new words like you must be a lummox Wanna infiltrate my crew when you know you'll go nuts Lactose intolerant your bowels'll blow up Catostrophic so deep can't locate with metal detectors Listen more then once you'll need several inspections I'm sicker than a beef recall Reiterate the fact with flows that free fall Reintroduction the classic material That last with imperial  Props and Pop Will Eat Itself Hotter than coals tread and your feet'll melt Like plastic i castrate contenders With a crew that got more power than the Westcoast Avengers Sit and let your ears swim in the splendor Hook: It's just that real hip hop not no phony phranchise Winnin' by a landslide and you know you can't hide This is D-E-L not no phony phranchise Winnin' by a landslide and you know you can't hide This is Hieroglyphics not no phony phranchise Winnin' by a landslide and you know you can't hide Verse 3: Mouth watering musical madness More bomb than Bombay in glad bags, get mesmerized Spellbound Del found profound Hip hop essentials mandatory for the mental I used to be dazed and confused Now I'm amazed and amused At life and its clever ruse I have compassion while other brothers askin' for trouble Brain damage got 'em befuddle Yo, while I'm on stage pumpin' fear Your over there in the corner drinking non-alcoholic beer Dominating, commentating moving on to great things Embracing the lunacy, lacing the community With one, two, and three for all clueless emcees  They need guidance, tutorials from the Overlord of skill Magnifying music with my magnificent mind That blinds with such shine it's embarrassing Hop in the caravan with Hiero and hit the road to take care of fans You know what, I'm claimin' dozens It's Sudden Impact Crib Death It's big threat major counter-act like tazers Trailblazers, we clown the name sayers I crave flavorings with custom tailorings I can comunicate with aliens, it's a daily routine It's never failing you fiends to get cream By the continuity the rhymes move in unity perfectly with the tunes I hope it hits you soon Hook When my power's activated, have to make it funny The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Del the Funky Homosapien f/ Khaos Unique Album: Both Sides of the Brain Song: Proto Culture Typed by: webmaster@hieroglyphics.com Chorus: Let me tell you about the Proto Culture  If you don't know the culture, here's the whole structure We've had enough of the lackluster-trust us  We get the kind of games you can't rent at Blockbuster  KU: Game related, raise it bit by bit  Yo D, link up the cable we'll go hit for hit  Phantasma plasma particle beam means I have ya  on the run-the rendered effects hot like magnas  Del: I play games by Capcom with a power glove strapped on O n any platform, I don't spend my dough on Phat Farm Video games, I got many to play  Before my life expires; fufill my desires  KU: Mastering your hardest boss  Shattering all stars across  Ain't hard to cross the finish line  Floatin' on Daytona  Wex, Gex or Kloana, we get em all at cost  RPG, Platform we transform like Macross  Del: Rival schools, Batsu  Purchase you ought to  It came with one free CD, it's like I bought two  I hope they make part II for Dreamcast  Cause games I've seen in mags, you won't believe they have!  KU: Getting callouses turning over asteroids  Graviton bombs destroyed  Getting moms annoyed  Now I'm hacking Nightmare Creatures  Their features splattered across the screen  It gets more clean each year  Del: I remember my homie Ed Coats had the most  A Colecovision-every week I'd visit  Playing Donkey Kong Jr., Venture, Rock and Rope Games I thought was dope  While my moms was watching soaps  KU: I'm on the next level  I got a double barrel shotgun in the Doomworld  Waiting on the next devil  Armor's low-check the arsenal  Rupture the main conductor playin Disruptor  Del: I remember Ninja Gaiden  Finished finally  With Ramone wouldn't answer the phone  This was before getting blown  I own the first Nintendo Power  With the maps of Zelda Help me conquer in an hour  Chorus: Let me tell you about the Proto Culture  If you don't know the culture, here's the whole structure We've had enough of the lackluster-trust us  We get the kind of games you can't rent at Blockbuster (2X)  Del: Hey KU you know my SEGA collection is massive Got all the past hits and classics  Herzog Zwei now Panzer Zwei  Originality that made me a fan today  KU: It's Pandemonium-it's like Toys R Us  Flippin the next Saturn game brings out the boys in us  It's poisonous  Taking out the boys in blue in Grand Theft Auto,  Snatch a Rolls Royce to use  Del: Yeah, I'll admit Playstation improved  Come visit Feudal Japan with me and Tenchu  Bushido Blade 2 with sword play so accurate  Mega Man Legends but I had to buy a map for it.  KU: I fence Hyo to get a Neo-Geo  For Samurai 64 in full rendered splendor  Rival counter and enter my sword in his innards  My joint was being Leonardo wuppin' on Splinter  Del: I gotta get Xenogears-that's the type of game that relieves my fears  Get it from overseas to here  I gotta get Psychic Force  Authentic arcade that I can endorse  They got me liking imports  KU: I'll need to be at the next E3,  What's the next CD I need to see  Me and D signing checks  Let's float overseas, mingle with game companies  Giving tips to Capcom and Sega-you can't front on these  Del: To anyone who knew me better  Know I chose Saturn first Cause it's 2-D heaven  Bernie Stolar dropped the ball with the RAM cartridge  X-men Vs. Streetfighter could've expanded the market  KU: Marvel Vs. Capcom-beyond fathom  Tell the truth, Playstation ain't ready to have em  Come on I'll bring the onslaught Alpha and Omega Khaos Unique brought to you by SEGA.  Chorus: Let me tell you about the Proto culture  If you don't know the culture, here's the whole structure We've had enough of the lackluster-trust us  We get the kind of games you can't rent at Blockbuster (2X) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Del the Funky Homosapien f/ A-Plus Album: Both Sides of the Brain Song: Stay On Your Toes Typed by: cyclonis@hotmail.com [Del The Funky Homosapien] Check it out It's a revolution in you head I'm boastin' Like I read the future My execution Used as a stimulate to get you into it Show you my sentiments Mental leasing the flicks Don't hate, Facilitate Whenever you get the break It's always a risk you take Doin' a different take Big mistake rappers make The cake They want it now So they copy whose the hottest now they soundin' funny style I know you hungry pal, me too I need food But I don't redo what he do I'm lethal Like ginseng root Go ahead, attempt to shot Invincible It's flawless like a dentist' tooth Oblivious to all this ignorance They need to get a grip Don't be an idiot In a high state, I transmigrate To a fly tat Make you wanna get cha life straight I'ma introduce the places that I ventured to I get cha proof of a Hip Hop institute It's the truth I'm just being hospitable Sittin' bull The chief I seek the hidden jewels Some just complain about the status of rap They say it's average in fact They wish the eighties was back I say everything's everything Nothin' stay the same And yet, it is the same just given a different name Money's all that matter to you, you sniffin' 'cane You need to uplift you brain, forget the fame You say you get power, if you get money How you get those if you just a dummy (Chorus) Just stay on your toes man In this world that's just how it goes man In Oak-land, gotta get with the program With flows I wanna control the whole land You just gotta stay on your toes man In this world that's just how it goes man In Oak-land, gotta get with the program With flows I wanna control the whole land And keep growin' [A-Plus] Nowadays I hear the same crap Complain rap is trendy not to give anybody with a name dap When did that start It sound childish You went to college but I think you need some extra mileage Underground cats disrespect who that don't listen to (Yeah!) If you looked at my CD rack they'd (you'll) probably diss me to That's so weak Don't speak when a niggarole creep Or I'm finna go deep I heard a MC in a cipher straight lyin' Damn the cryin', talkin' bout real Hip-Hop's dyin' That's some dumb shit That's what I was thinkin' (Uh-huh) But I didn't say nothin' to him cause I knew that I been drinkin' He must be blind as hell Hip-Hop is alive and well He ain't got the mind to tell I rhyme with Del Drink Guiness combined with Ale Never been inclined to fail, applyin' the skill I be tryin' to build with the close-minded But they so blinded I get upset and they get clothes-lined Don't hate on nobody Stay on your toes Even if he got platinum or gold on him Stay on your toes Underground to Commercial cat Stay on your toes I know them or I ain't heard of that Stay on your toes From backpacks and licorice sticks To black macs with ammunition and clips Man I can get with this shit Yeah, it's all the same Some of y'all call it game Say it's either for the props or the fame and all the change (What!) Use what you call your brain (Ha!) The whole aim Home on the range Just stay out my lane (Chorus) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Deltron 3030 (Del the Funky Homosapien) Album: Deltron 3030 Song: State of the Nation Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash It's the year, thirty... thirty And hear at the Corporate, Instutional Bank, of Time We find ourselves, reflecting Finding out That in fact We came back We were always coming back The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Deltron 3030 (Del the Funky Homosapien) Album: Deltron 3030 Song: Deltron 3030 Typed by: adams@NetworkCommerce.com Yo, it's three thousand thirty I want y'all to meet Deltron Zero, hero, not no small feat It's all heat in this day and age I rage your grave, anything it takes to save the day Neuromancer, perfect blend of technology and magic Use my rappin so you all could see the hazards Plus entertainment where many are brainless We cultivated a lost art of study and I brought a buddy Automator harder slayer fascinating combinations  Cyber warlords are activating abominations Arm a nation with hatred we ain't with that We high-tech archeologists searching for knicknacks Composing musical stimpacks that impacts the soul Crack the motor what you think you rappin for? I used to be a mech soldier but I didn't respect orders I had to step forward, tell them this ain't for us Living in a post-apocalyptic world morbid and horrid The secrets of the past they hoarded Now we just boarded on a futuristic spacecraft No mistakes black it's our music we must take back Yo it's three thousand thirty I want y'all to meet Deltron Zero, and Automator Yo it's three thousand thirty I want y'all to meet Deltron Zero, and Automator Yo it's three thousand thirty I want y'all to meet Deltron Zero, and Automator Del I'm feeling like a ghost in a shell I wrote this in jail playing host to a cell For the pure verbal, they said my sentence was equivalent to murder Just another hurdle, I bounced through a portal I knew they had the mindstate of mere mortals My ears morphed to receptors that catch your Every word about gravity control  and the families they hold for handsome ransoms On the run with a handgun, blast bioforms; I am warned that a planet-wise manhunt with cannons will make me, abandon, my foolish plan of uprisin Fuck dyin, I hijack a mech Control it with my magical chants, so battle advanced through centuries of hip-hop legacy, megaspeed Hyperwarp to Automator's crib and light the torch They can't fight the force Victory is ours once we strike the source Enterprisin wise men look to the horizon Thinkin more capitalism is the wisdom and imprison, all citizens empowered with rhythm We keep the funk alive by talking with idioms Yo it's three thousand thirty I want y'all to meet Deltron Zero, and Automator Yo it's three thousand thirty I want y'all to meet Deltron Zero, and Automator Yo it's three thousand thirty I want y'all to meet Deltron Zero, and Automator It's an eternal evil concerned with thievery Medieval prehistoric rhetoric well we ahead of that Lay it down with soundwaves that pound pavement Original minstrels my central processing unit is in tune with my heart for this art Not artificial cause that makes it hard to miss you Copycats finish last in the human race Staying glued to safes too prude to take a buddha break We got espers that let us bless with fresh shit Undetected by yes men questing for five fleeting nanoseconds of fame Protecting the brain from conspiracies against my cosmos While I float to Neo-Tokyo with Opio or discuss combusitible rust clusters with Plus Evade cyber police in a computer crib confuse the kids But I can make a kickin' rhyme that's sacred Telepathic mind that takes his greatness from the Matrix Esper rhyme professor rushes on colder pressures With erection measures While half the world's a desert Cannibals eat human brains for dessert Buried under deep dirt, mobility inert I insert these codes for the cataclysm Ever since I had the vision use my magnetism In this modern metropolis that tries to lock us up Under preposterous laws, it's not for us Yo it's three thousand thirty I want y'all to meet Deltron Zero, and Automator Yo it's three thousand thirty I want y'all to meet Deltron Zero, and Automator Yo it's three thousand thirty I want y'all to meet Deltron Zero, and Automator The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Deltron 3030 (Del the Funky Homosapien) Album: Deltron 3030 Song: The Fantabulous Rap Extravaganza Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Be there For the rap battle! It's going to be Interspectacular Fantabulous It'll blow your socks off! It's one of those things where machine versus man man versus woman woman versus your mother Be there! Intergalactic rap battle It's... instupicuous!! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Del (Deltron 3030) Album: Deltron 3030 Song: Things You Can Do Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash, neobe@kscable.com "Things you can do, some can't be done" - (*repeat 7X*) "Things you can do..." [Del] 3030 way past the millennium, check it out Yo, Deltron thunderforce, ain't no other source of sunlight Two ton mic, leave you toungue-tied Runnin amuck with technology with no apology Shoutin out to my colony with third eye physiology Millennium past apocalypse is all I spit Make you swallow it - your weak style, I'll abolish it with nuclear rockets they glued to your optics with sci-fi Unsettlin, man and metal blends Underground chillin with the Mole Man, and his whole fam Inhibit bacterial growth, material wrote Impenetrable, incontestable, indigestible intelligence Never let a computer tell me SHIT It's rapid innovation, penetratin Artificial life forms, who bite songs I'm a buy a vest, lie is next, then I'll flip the bio-techs Right into the wireless; your third eye is hit with psoriasis The mightiest, Deltron Zero Traverse and purge the travesties that tempt your earholds The area of distribution, lifts the clueless  My flow is like, liquid oxygen  Rip it often with specific impulse, increasin thrust Grease the cuts - unleash a cluster of thoughts I muster I talk to touch ya, and rupture commercial communications Convert solar energy, into imagery In the mind's eye, blindside the contagious With radioactive isotopes to decay them Atomic mass they small as fragments I magnetize the avid lies My radiation shields reflects, rejects Decepticons who take the truth and stretch it long, while I bless a song Next level incredible, metal melding Flexability and my engine is never failing [Del] All your rhyme histories combined couldn't violate the Prime Optimus operative Use my hydrometer to see how warm you are, watch me form a star Hydrogen turned to helium when I shine Ridin 'em revealin 'em leadin 'em to the vacuum Interact with tunes in my digital citadel Critical pivotal with the mental shit on you Spit infinity, hiden energies too dope for our planet Star spannin, slammin hymms with mechanical limbs, scanning your lens with cosmic rays, you'll all get played, your brain's inferior I hit the lateral AND posterior My science is eerier Ionic bonding for your moronic pondering, meet the armorines My micro machines, might throw your team, into paralysis They not talented, just a malady Worry 'bout a salary, creative casualty  Couldn't defrag my power density intensity Nonequivalence, nine hundred Newtons Crush you like croutons, you plus Houston Hiero's like dipoles inside a silo Turbulence ten-fold, never simple Defies accepted methods development most unique Paralyze central nervous when you close to me Interstellar void fills with color, appears to bubble and split into four like amoeba Inhabitin planets with, grandiose boast and coast like Silver Surfer, feel the purpoise High velocity, verbal atrocities Fire resistance, better hire assistants My pistons glisten ultra, high performance Inside your private quarters where I fry your components The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Deltron 3030 (Del the Funky Homosapien) Album: Deltron 3030 Song: Positive Contact Typed by: jcruelty1@yahoo.com [Del] Transmutation, brand new statements I'll have you gapin, open Check it out y'all Now let's see -- Deltron Z Art avenger, let's start the adventure Hit ya with nerve gas, absurd blasts Crashin space craft, I'm bio-enhanced Hiero advanced series, monstrous evolution Headed, tooth and nail, scoop the trail Super-sleuth, a new race Mad creator, savage nature World Wide Web, the ebb and flow Light years from watchful eyes while my thoughts provide objectives to ostracize the pompous prophecies Underground societies are hard to lead Asteroid surfing, castor-oil burping The darkest side of humanity animated The grand awakening, plan to take it in I demand your patronage, mobilize my battletanks With clusters small, NTR's to empty Mars Many MC's cruise low earth orbit Easier for me to use my search warrant Drift by a star, absorb it, and store it Leave tourists pourous, my galaxy's gorgeous Quantum jump - I'm right at your doorstep [Kid Koala cuts:] Positive contact 	(wait a minute) Positive contact 	(I know perfectly well what it is you're talking about) Positive contact 	(wait a minute) Positive contact 	(even if the record skips, I still rip) [Del] Now I catch more wreck with fast ignition My last decision, pulse amplification Terror with napalm, I want y'all to stay calm Alien annihilation, I stay armed to the grill piece and kill beef 20 percent matter, 30 percent is energy Assimilating to become a living being Evaporative radiation fades your station I get high as aviation [Kid Koala cuts:] Positive contact 	(wait a minute) Positive contact 	(reactors on) Positive contact 	(wait a minute) Positive contact 	(even if the record skips, I still rip) [Del] I rise like helium, you're falling rapidly Trapped in apathy, while I track your speed I'm what you call a legend, dominance with armageddon Gives me a warm reception Verbal war with weapons, installation Blowin the star dust, distance twelve parsecs Enthuse your phalanx with my literary talents Just a bit of balance, rip the silence in space, all-star systems are our victims Atomics, anonymous with ominous  implications of information, or information, and entertainment Cyber-tech dialect, you gotta earn my respect I'm like Gamera to amateurs, hit em with a cannonball And in all this confusion The fusion of music and mind precipitates translucent illusions Search the ruins with Automator Hit the walls with a carbonator Hit-or-missiles, just regenerate The sonic soldiers allow us to demonstrate Emergency dispatch, skyscrapers ripped back from the impact, their flow is mismatched My style's protected by heat shields and ceramics Don't panic, I landed on planet Mercury Gave it atmosphere, set up my headquarters I'll never get captured here Rap your tear clap your ear with Soulsonic Mantronik phonics Turn your brain to an omelette I'll hold a comet in bondage, with my dominance Take a space shuttle to escape trouble Bounce through the Milky Way Not many MC's feel this way [Kid Koala cuts:] Positive contact 	(wait a minute) Positive contact 	(yeah yeah, what is it now) Positive contact 	(wait a minute) Positive contact 	(even if the record skips, I still rip) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Deltron 3030 (Del the Funky Homosapien) Album: Deltron 3030 Song: Virus Typed by: riddim303@hotmail.com "Global controls will have to be imposed  and a world governing body, will be created to enforce them.  Crises, precipitate change.." [Del] Secretly.. plotting your demise I wanna devise a virus To bring dire straits to your environment Crush your corporations with a mild touch Trash your whole computer system and revert you to papyrus I want to make a super virus Strong enough to cause blackouts in every single metropolis Cause they dont wanna unify us So fuck it total anarchy and can't nobody stop us You see late in the evening Fucked up on my computer and my mind starts roaming I create like a heathen The first cycles of this virus I can send through a modem Infiltration hits your station No Microsoft or enhanced DOS will impede Society thinks thier safe when Bingo! Hard drive crashes from the rending A lot of hackers tried viruses before Vaporize your text like so much white out I want it where a file replication is a chore Lights out shut down entire White House I don't want just a bug that could be corrected I'm erecting immaculate design Break the nation down section by section Even to the greatest minds it's impossible to find [Repeat 2X] I wanna devise a virus To bring dire straits to your environment Crush your corporations with a mild touch Trash your whole computer system and revert you to papyrus [Kid Koala scratching:] "We have already planned.." "The plan is programmed into every one of my thousand rrrobots.." "We will not hesitate; we will destroy the" -- "Homosapien!" "Please, stay where you are.." (Psst ay, I'm makin some shit in my basement  Bout to do it to 'em, don't tell 'em though  Alright I love you, peace) [Del] I want to develop a super virus Better by far than that old Y2K This is 3030 the time of global unification Break right through they.. terminals Burn 'em all, slaves to silicon Curupt politicians with leaders and their keywords F.B.I and spys stealin bombs Decipitate their plans in thier face and catch the fever Everybody loot the stores get your canned goods Even space stations are having a hard time Peacekeeepers seek to take our manhood Which results in the form of global apartheid Ghettos are trash dumps with gas pumps Exploding and burnt out since before the great union The last punks walk around like masked monks Ready to manipulate the database or break through 'em Human rights come in a hundreth place Mass production has always been number one New Earth has become a repungnant place So it's time to spread the fear to thunder some [Kid Koala scratching:] "Too long have we tried  to extend our glorious empire out to the stars.." "Only to be drive back.." [Repeat 2X] I wanna devise a virus To bring dire straits to your environment Crush your corporations with a mild touch Trash your whole computer system and revert you to papyrus The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Deltron 3030 (Del the Funky Homosapien) Album: Deltron 3030 Song: Upgrade (A Brymar College Course) Typed by: mckayd@yahoo.com Here at Brymar College  We can get you prepared for the 31st century With advanced programming and quad rendering And Java plus plus plus scripting language We offer advanced job placement assistance So upgrade your grey matter, cause one day it may matter Upgrade your grey matter, cause one day it may matter Upgrade your grey matter, cause one day it may matter Upgrade your grey matter, cause one day it may matter Comin from the outer regions of the universe Deltron Zero and Automator Check it Upgrade your grey matter, cause one day it may matter Hey time for you to upgrade, fuck save, time to load  All my rhymes is sold And find your own Salivate over what I collaborate with high tech wizardry  and breathe new life into the industry Save to the hard drive for the archives Three thousand thirty with a global apartheid Sensitivity ain't the energy Brain chemically contorted With the coordinates to your ordinance Upgrade your grey matter, cause one day it may matter Yo, your recovery's slow My dual input  Plus my modem The tools in foot Long songs instrumental digital projector professor I'll school you on the art and how it's texture mapped Get your act together, my style is mega Educate the heads of eight lonely beggars Only shred of evidence is the virtual file Stored within the cerebellum hit you Berkowitz style Upgrade your grey matter, cause one day it may matter My defense capabilities with ape agilitiy Take possibilities to the point of sense and shatter it Commence the babbling I'm meditatin' on a homosapien With no education I'm 3D acceleration My programmin' language is the strangest To come to grips with mechanized mischief Kicks it off with circular projectiles X-Files  Herald as the most important dwarf the corporates Upgrade your grey matter, cause one day it may matter Hey, I reduce the game When I boost my brain What you used to sayin I loosen the frame With shock announcements T-Minus and countin' Effects control and bouncin' Star studded and flooded like fountains A new machine Real artists are few between You better lube your screen My renders are splendor Three sixty reflecting quickly Increase your disk speed So you can, Upgrade your grey matter, cause one day it may matter My production model is the stuff to boggle minds You got a logon time of exactly thirty-six nanoseconds Ambidextrious with ambience Watch the cannons twist while I lockout my hardware Word warfare logistically locate and process With psychotropics to optimize my profits Envelop you with development kits that help me To embellish the elements dynamic and too intelligent Upgrade your grey matter, cause one day it may matter Lookie here, as soon as I release the chip You cease the rips and not Since you want to top this reach to it Digital retouch, reconstruct a whole conglomerate  With our armaments we use with tolerance Such as a G-Bomb, cyborg with 3 arms Translate the ancient language with a brain dish Micro machines polystrene conducting electrons Deltron strengthen with molecular bonds Upgrade your grey matter, cause one day it may matter Upgrade your grey matter, cause one day it may matter Uuhaaaa...uh The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Deltron 3030 (Del the Funky Homosapien) Album: Deltron 3030 Song: New Coke Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Look out the way though Look at all that bullshit goin on down there in the street What's all that shit floatin out in the water? I'm gonna get, we gotta get out of here We gotta go somewhere Grab your shopping cart, grab your cane Let's get the heck out of here We gotta move closer to the equator When are they gonna start showin those Mr. T reruns? I used to love that guy Remember how he used to look? Mr. T... wrestling? Your Coca-Cola doesn't taste the same as it used to Remember when a bowl of soup was a nickel? All that bass is gonna break my ears The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Deltron 3030 Album: Deltron 3030 Song: Mastermind Typed by: riddim303@hotmail.com Who fuses the music With no illusions Producing the blue prints Clueless? Automator - defy the laws of nature Electronic monolith throw a jam upon the disc The futuristic looper with the quickness Hyper-producin' hydrogen fusion liquids keep your distance First we coerce your brain patterns Collaborate with time-consumin' re-programin' I apply the flow cannon, the combo so slamin Automically reconstruct the old canvas His logic impress, a hypnotic effect Ya latin patent you could call it a gift Man he all in the mix nuclear physicist Geneticlly taylored every bit of this stimulus Psyonically bionically forget how you feel Especially formulated the rest of you fornicated It takes more to make this He juggles variables Unparreled propulsion to carry the load Nueral surgeon the purest virgin conducting currents Musical merlin he shines like sterling Watch the Automator draw laser of a higher intensity And instantly miss a beat create a symphony Hey I know now, I know now repeat Automator's on the planet earth  and he's gonna stop the war of the worlds Deltron Zero is here as well take the cut for real He told y'all evil do'ers he is  truly gifted in the matters of rhythm Ya you got to give him that In his infnite wisdom you know you got to get with him The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Deltron 3030 (Del the Funky Homosapien) Album: Deltron 3030 Song: National Movie Review Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash We interrupt this broadcast to bring you this special message How's it goin eh? Today's movie on the Universal National Network is a classic Starring the two comedic geniuses of North American cinema from the 20th Century Bob and Doug McKenzie Entitled "Strange Brew," it chronicles the heroic adventures of two latter day renaissance men Or, to use the correct 20th Century terminology - HOSERS We give it, three thumbs up The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Deltron 3030 (Del the Funky Homosapien) Album: Deltron 3030 Song: Madness Typed by: riddim303@hotmail.com In the year three thousand and thirty everybody wants to be an MC In the year three thousand and thirty everybody want to be a DJ In the year three thousand and thirty everybody want to be a producer In the year three thousand and thirty  everybody want to tell ya the meaning of the music I must appeal to you people with your faculties Cuz everybody else is gonna laugh at me People try to get over and take a crack at me The universe is one and I can see what rap can be glorious Put in the Smithsonium my podiums for holy hymns But you see whos controlling them Fuck myself off cuz of the egotistical mode I'm in No I can't slap you no five When you and your cutty is talkin shit about me outside People take pride in what they have no hand in Sorta like a phantom holographic handsome But deep inside he wants to do what his man done Just because his peers jeer and and clown When your six foot deep no one hears you now They say were not compatible like deers and cows and owls So many rules and regulations say you're not allowed I'm caught in the grip of the city.. Madness (4X) If I had to describe the way I survive its like vice squeezin The reason I'm black and still breathin Heathens will breed heathens so Everybody's suspect I must check your ID Cuz you lookin sheisty you might be intelligence Someone that Del's against Opposite or positive When I drop the law against nature be faithful Why should I hate you we ain't that different We may act differen't in some ways But we still grouped together like a fuckin survey Sufferin and fuck em all's the motto I'm trapped in a bottle My music's gettin hollow That's what happens when humanity you follow Where every leak or info is hard to swallow Sell your Marlboros and car insurance Put niggas on the moon and can't pay your burdens I smoke herb and rock a turban Meditate on the world and whats occurrin A lot of white boys like the style and copy Dig in something deeper and youll peep that were not free It's not about the seperation its about the population I'm caught in the grip of the city.. Madness (4X) Simple minded people always poin't the finger To bring it to a close as if life is their role, their path When all paths are intersections It all depends on the persons perception When I'm mad as fuck you get shot And to some it's bad luck I believe you held something back for too long It grew strong And enegy has its own will And people think they make music still But music is there with out you or me we just manipulate For better or worse so let it situate I get to make records and dough Paid out the ass hole And still seen as another face on the totem pole Conquer, my sponsors are monsters And everybody thinks that I owe them one I'm glad I love music and life  cuz it's easy to see the pain and strife and end it all tonight I'm caught in the grip of the city.. Madness (4X) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Del f/ MC Paul Barman Album: Deltron 3030 Song: Meet Cleofis Randolph the Patriarch Typed by: elliotmarks@hotmail.com [MC Paul Barman] What's happening? I keep my dreadlocks in a napkin ring Rap and sing Unlike the homogenous clones I'm into earth tones, birth stones, and erogenous zones The more ticklish the more you have Sitting on the curb of what used to be the burbs And before that was Canarcie I'm a disturbed and bitter herb Like saltwater and parsley Mics crawl up, tights fall down That's my mnemonic voice stalactite slash stalagmite You may have this Maglite It survived the apocalypse And for the fragile force of an agile horse Here's a handful of very special chocolate chips The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Deltron 3030 (Del) Album: Deltron 3030  Song: Time Keeps on Slipping Typed by: Tripleoptics@aol.com  Yeah, that's the funky funky shit, ay bust it, yo, yo  Deltron tremendous force to end your courssssse Every whim is enforced  I send men with torches to raid your fortress  And in the process radiate your optics  Subconsciously haunt emcees  Super human technician atomic inner dimension  Too mental with intuition  Typographical aptitude let my lasers clap at you  Mapped the route, psychologically crappin out, what youlaughing bout?  Imitations getting penetrated in free simulations  In my emcee training class remain in mass  Never get liquidated convert energy  Into matter instantly, with a pen and pad  Calculate the Sino graph, heat the center of gravity  Abolish apathy graphically packing 380's  With body heat sensitive bullets you need safety  Fest on your face and neck  Mental armory levitate legs for my monarchy  No malarkey my flows embarking  Zionically sparking brain cells til they're sparkling  (chorus) x2  No one knows the time passing by. I remake my universe every time I use a verse  To fulfill my destiny, emcees rest in peace  Side barriers provide care within  From impurities every word sees your attention like thirddegree  I subjugate you other fake performers while the bass of yourface  No sense you be in attempt fleeting  Emcees siphon my likeness  Biting my insides like five enchiladas  This plain of existence is amazingly different  From my orbital oratory always going for the glory  You pop wide open from my slice slogans  I stay in effect with alien tech  Make you wanna say he's the best With synchronization with commendation its armor plated hard to fake it  Never carbonated, scar your matrix  Virtually uncertainty, murk your mediocre sheets and sofa  With my style of energy, del assembling  A realm where anything, is possible  NASA scientists can't define this  Mechanical mind set diamond alignment  (chorus)  Mathematical astro grapple a flow, pterodactyl  Very factual crash course, last resort, cast me off  At last we warp to my own world, my own neurological cubbyhole  Open the airshaft I'll be there fast!  With spare raps to tear back their mass  Deltron experimental critical literal  Professor test the pitiful  Micronautalyst interchangeable  All of this gamma grammar far from bema  Got mind control bandannas  To control your clan with scanners  Brand the planet like a band of bandits  Who man the cannons and guns with random  Sub atomic, love of logic, bug with phonics  Tub of chronic low in bridle with controlling ciphers  Unraveling rhyme, in traveling time  Alien life form mail in a pipe bomb  Deltoid life long I write songs  Monarch absolute, serve a glass of proof  When I vanish leave my spirit in a planet  On top of the surface my words and wit emerging  (chorus) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Deltron 3030 (Del the Funky Homosapien) Album: Deltron 3030 Song: Turbulence (Remix) Typed by: jcruelty1@yahoo.com  I envision turbulence and murder since it's an everyday occurrence It's 3030, yo, I get my hands dirty They think they the pure breed, medically insured weed Fuck the system, non-conformist humans Walk around because of their ordinance, just ornaments Super-thugs use computer bugs, all ignoramuses Reduced to savage half-beasts off a crack piece Not me, I'm shit-faced, which way but loose In a hovercraft, not no bubble-bath, turbo-boost Fuck Earth, I want to live on Mars so I'm closer to the stars  And farther away from dumb civilization with no mental stimulation They changed the constitution for your red white and blue friends Exterminate nuisance, no one listens to what you said The online is touching your head With brainwashing, with propaganda about your fearless leader Who got two hundred bodyguards so you can't touch him either Bodies disappear, obviously of fear Lobbyists can't get near shit Everybody's spirits are under control Computers run with the soul Elitists defeat us, they live by the beaches Bubbledome over the hemisphere, so you can't enter here We live in the dumps with mutant rodents With blood red eyes, saliva drips for opponents Scratch your ID chip off cuz everybody own it I envision turbulence and murder since it's an everyday occurrence (3x) They only teach high-tech in private portables That float above commoners, they'd soon as bomb it first Advanced safety features, from contact with creatures Who either slave their lives away in outdated factories Or may be bounty hunters in a land of apathy I'm Butch Cassidy, style wild, uncontained I steal computer disk files, drink water from drains Metal detectors check ya, with reflectors in every sector While I drink electric nectar No one believes inspectors and spooks They just lecture the youth about having respect and couth Toward the US, and you guessed it The rest get imprisoned or incisions in their medulla No president, we have a ruler "You are to be inside by 9 o'clock or we will shoot ya" Missile launchers haunt ya in your nightmares It ain't quite fair, little tykes ain't prepared They've got your wife naked bare in the subway For some thug play, neo-punks with cerebral pumps For enhanced recognition of politicians and witches Senior citizens are disposed against their wishes Aliens landed and said our planet wasn't worth invadin Cuz all the natural resources are fadin I envision turbulence and murder since it's an everyday occurrence (3x) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Deltron 3030 (Del the Funky Homosapien) Album: Deltron 3030 Song: The Fantabulous Rap Extravaganza Part II Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash {*silence for 4 seconds*} Ladies and gentlemen! Check out the rap battle of the century The Intergalactic Rap Battle Battle of all battles Don't forget - man versus machine Machine versus computer Computer versus woman Woman versus child BE THERE! Be square Make sure you see The Intergalactic Rap Battle, 3030 The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Deltron 3030 (Del the Funky Homosapien) Album: Deltron 3030 Song: Battle Song Typed by: antdogg711@hotmail.com Interplanetary adversaries battling for supremacy Sounds like a good way to build up my infamy Soon as Automator sent for me  We headed over to receive our registration forms from the galactic embassy (Yes may I help you) Remember me To escape a global panic we had to intercede (Oh you're here for the battle forms) Yeah can we get them for free (I'm afraid not you'll have to pay the entry fee) It was worth a try when we 1st arrived on mercury Gravity adjustment must then Step up contestant Number 12, I was 13 he started bursting ammunition that wasn't working His rudimentary technical abilities couldn't kill me Not me for a loop But I can still breath He had the crowd going by appearance Here comes the anticipated interference from his squad and guards I bust back with on slough of Hydrothermal clod that burnt they're third eye The out num but I come with heat & trigger a massive explosion to the beat They hit me compressed air Left my chest bare My sonic stun gun takes em out by the next snare   We won the bout just as the oxygen tanks were running out so we're back to the ship Pull a map from a blip Manipulate the cursor Recharge our essentials set the coordinates then flow Through a trillion miles of space with style embrace Next stop Pluto to rock these new flows Atmosphere methane be strategic like a chest game Leaves this mc with chest pains  I had to battle a shadow in his black life form He dazzled me added 3 points to his score Engulfed my microphone with darkness added 3 more The panel started to roar I had to find the core of his power He stretched his text causing me to black out It took my DAT out I couldn't back out It took out the sound man I'm taking a pounding I bust out an accupella that's astounding Project a uni-beam through his spleen Pulled out my x-ray cannons to disintegrate the phantom It's not fine my cell structure ruptured His form will get bust up into clusters Shadowy masses spread to the greater darkness of outer space Now I'm placed 1st among artist Serve due more space travel Computer (Yes deltron) What have you Next destination The colony of Sicilia an earth colony This is appealing Hyperspace With mic in place we was off breathing frost in a void thinking what if we had lost Ha Entertain an ignorant thought Land Ho, Sicilia we entered the port Fill out a few forms then we meet our challenger named qusar (No matter who you are I'll handle ya) He's a real charmer I threw on my pla-steel armor He wants to absorb the talents that I worked so hard for A bitter hard core I busted a few shots and opened him like a car door He was a quadruped, four arms He hit me with four fore arms made of bronze I said Automater play the song (You got it) Was the theme Made a slight alteration in my scheme Set him up with a condition beam with his double team Leaned toward his dome piece and reamed the back of his neck With a cranial disruption siphon Squeezed out his brain like juice Like a python The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Deltron 3030 (Del) Album: Deltron 3030 Song: Love Story Typed by: jcruelty1@yahoo.com Yo yo yo, check this out man 1 for you, 2 for me 3 for you, 15 for me 20 for you... now check it out Yo I just won 10 grand in the Galactic  Rhyme Federation championship, so I'm lampin a bit I feel like returnin to Earth and burnin some herb I'm sick of lookin at the inside of space stations Time for Deltron to take a vacation My expertise in aviation got us to our destination (where?) The East Bay My living quarters is completely froze solid I thaw it out with a heat ray Now I'm chillin in a sauna, pulsating jet streams Peeping out in virtual reality my wet dreams Perusing my 21st century classic comics, the fun is astronomic  (ha ha ha) I figured since I'm here I'll renew my galactic passport So I'm not persecuted by no galactic assholes Schemers on the ave With their holographic hat-tricks Using magnetism to pick-pocket citizens Tourists walk around with memory apprehension glasses They attempt to capture The past tense Virtual junkies, burnt out and lost War veterans still trapped in the Holocaust Yes I know all the answers Living in my true love's arms I'm sittin on the porch readin Cosmopolitan Peepin all these dumb hoes with enhanced collagen I'm calling in sick today Big mistake This resulted in a final pay check and pink slip ? Replaced by my successor cause I missed my place Knowin that the Rhyme Federation will miss my face (fuck y'all) Referred to as a big disgrace Now I'm free-lance with more risk to take Now a rhymin merc, finding certified androids Hit a convention, signin autographs for fan-boys They admire  My enhanced stanzas And how I dodge man-hunts  And security cameras Avoided apprehension in sub-atomic dimensions And even more impressive cause of what we livin A self contained environment, I suggest I'm just a minor threat I see a thing of beauty fly as heck, standing by her desk Paid her my respects, I was too scared to try to step So I deployed one of my androids with dialect Synthesized with my voice perfectly replicated Asked for her name, and was she married?  "No we're separated" *Booty* Baby... baby you're looking real fine... Your behind, you got 3 booty cheeks... That's kind of unique for... for a ? What say me and you hit the hot spot over at your house ? I got a few sandwiches ? eaten  Yo it's cool though, you got one eye ? trippin though Listen you, me and you, we gon' ?, we gon' far, go all the way to Mars Venus... we'll go to Venus if you want to Venus, Paris... ? Yes I know all the answers  Living in my true love's arms (2x) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Deltron 3030 (Del the Funky Homosapien) f/ Sean Lennon Album: Deltron 3030 Song: Memory Loss Typed by: riddim303@hotmail.com You try to get over your gonna go under You try to get over your gonna go under Literally it's 3030 I don't got time to be wasting time on you slow pokes I want y'all to, get open, like the ocean Brothers be buggin like "He's from Oakland?" What? I'll whoop you insinuatin we ain't capable Stupid ass niggas is gonna rape a hoe A few out a thousand My town is foundin fathers of the black panthers we provide answers You don't wanna believe then y'all are some blind bastards They got you set up real good you're generalizing Industry rising while energies reclining Niggas think I'm whinin but I really don't give a shit Cause everybody's dyin but y'all think that's the end of it Thats why it's so easy to be a Benedict Or imitate cause they wouldn't teach ya algebra when you was eight Now you fourty-eight and you hate children Forgot where you came from now your straight illin Don't fight the feelin You better deal with it It don't matter what you do or say Try to get away but I'm gonna catch ya Wanna compare your self to them Well guess what homeboy you don't match up I'm my own individual so I know it isn't true just cuz you say it is Cuz anything thats truth got proof it ain't you That's simply just the way it is Del: sing [Sean Lennon] Lookin up the sky is red City's burning up over head   (flame on baby) We can make the best of it Del: (rock that) In this post apocolypse   (right on) I'm on some real shit So real brothers feel this Cause we know reality is crazy Thats why nothin amaze me Look in the past You might have to go farther then the book in your class My niggas cookin some crack and moms gets the first hit Thats ok with you? thats ok with me I'm not here to judge the way you be I got my own ccomplications the governmen't shoeless rations Plantations is manlabor for 5 bucks for hourly intervels I get a G for that So believe what I spit to you is given back Don't think that I'm livin that dream When the I.R.S reposes most of your cream It's like I dream when I die I wake up I see all the people I disrespected and try to make up It's praise to the creator, relate to nature The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Deltron 3030 (Del the Funky Homosapien) Album: Deltron 3030 Song: The Assmann 640 Speaks Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash {*scratched and manipulated*} It's, it's It's, it's the year, thirty... thirty And hear at the Corporate, Institutional Bank, of Time We find ourselves, reflecting Fi-{*scratch*}-finding out That in fact We came back We were always coming back The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Del the Funky Homsapien Album: Defenders of the Underworld (Compilation) Song: Hoe! Typed by: almost_chinese@hotmail.com "Hip Hop is a way of life A way of life To me Hip Hop is a way of life" "It is the mighty" 4X [DTFH] Compact We'll program the spring on contact The real rhymes did all While you faker than lawnmats Perpetrating grass With your perpetrating ass For certain ways to gas Tryin to escape the blast Don't make me laugh (ha ha ha) I'm greatly ax in it Attack sentences Outline the track interest is Break barriers evade how it grabs Like a bottle, dram of malt liquor without tall pictures Audio visuals You need your own picture tube Don't matter if you're richer dude Money can't buy it So I guess you miss out and never get to try it My whole click's the flyest With appliances Of the science of the rhymin Ain't no one denyin' this ??Buying wigs?? with my word weaponry It's destiny Press on me and get a lecture free of charge now If you such a baller and you large then why you still here, huh? Let's make this real clear You ain't going nowhere You're so scared to see what's outside your house Survival of the fittest Is easier than just easing up But we will mix you up Like a cuisinart If you even start (Shell Shock) When you see what hell got Touch all the frail spots That you never thought you had Punch maggot Now I'm at it In my own fashion A ration not rational the way it happen Because I'm captain controller with the map and graspin' It's time to go and they stuck on reaction "To me, Hip Hop is A way of life, a way of life" 4X [DTFH] One two and...(Hiroglyphics) Two three and...(Hiroglyphics) Three four and...(Hiroglyphics) Five six and...(Here we go now) [Verse 2] Counterpart counterfeits I'm warning you Get your powder kiss While I show you how it is I'm proud of this See how loud it is Shout at your whole block with this The whole metropolis Fuck the whole earth with this When this with surfaces with after shocks You'll be a laughingstock Cracking top like a sports bottle Chug ya drug ya with dopeness Pass the crow's nest I flex like aerobics I pose threats The media with ingredients Twice as toxic as seagram's gin Reading palms Being strong Sneaky palms Tryin to reach I beat your whole outreach With speech And deep in the wound Your conscious creep in the tomb Speaking in togues Reaping the sums Worms do word on what you heard, you heard? That's absurd you're a blur compared to ??highway's?? godness Private stock Supply or not like services And it's like curvature And I heard that you're talking shit I'll take your carcass and slice it up Till it's all in strips Y'all sumbit that's the only way out Like Andre Crouch I've got you in a pouch Now shoo, out, shoo! (what) How's you what about you I doubt you will see your friends Plus you don't believe in them And even then its's odd When I flex my squad and dodge your whole charade Don't you watch I'm too posh off your whole platoon Ain't no position you can't assume "It is the mighty" 8X Yeah man, me, D-L, Doug, Shawn-Z Hiroglyphics gang never gets played out like No hoes yaknowhatI'msayin What about your record label man? You motherfuckers tryin have you To get all these big names so You can put that shit on the cover And sell your shit? Fuck that shit Tryin to play me like a stray Hoe The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Del the Funky Homosapien Album: Dr. Bombay 12" Song: Ahonetwo Ahonetwo (remix) I'm chocolate like a bar, but my name is not Roseanne My skin has a pigment, reminiscent of a tan I plan to grow dreads, but first a nappy 'fro The longer the hair, the easier to scare a foe It grows from my head til it covers up my face People look and stare when I walk into the place I grace the stage, I hates the age of charletons Now I feel the time has come for me to spar with'em Startin' with a swift up kick and an uppercut (Ouch!) Plus the funky beat that moves your torso and your upper butt Then I manipulate the spectators and I drop a real rhyme for the times are a-changin' I rearrange my style like a jigsaw People jock the styles and the rhymes 'cause it is raw Walkin' through the streets of Berkley where I lurk free Brothers try to jerk me to the side and try to hurt me But perky little devils only get to levels lower than the grower of the cannibus plants and I dismantle the stance that ya take, 'cause I ache the ear canals Many try to flex my neck, but fear the child, so yep [CHORUS] "Ahonetwo, Ahonetwo, I like it Ahonewo, Ahonetwo, funky human bein'" [DEL Talking:] Damn, fools be jockin' us, you know why they jockin' us? ' Cause we got the straight ultra sound, fool. (Mind music!) We got the straight ultra sound, fool. We got the straight beat,  fool. (Ha Ha!) We are the dopest, fool.  (That's why all the fools at school be jockin' us)  (Yo, check it, check it, check it) (Check this out). What's up Phesto, you know we the dopest...the whole universe. " The friendly, many, scopin' up horizons Keepin' eyes on the mischievious who flys on  the tip like a pile of feces, I release these mad troops like Dr. Claw with the mad beats Sequence that we brings to the world like a flood I leap like a tigger and I land with a thud Collasal, causin' earthquakes and the earth shakes constant Kicks more ass than Charles Bronson I pounce like a cat 'cause I think I'm all that When it comes to the drums, when I see how y'all act The H to the I, oh my, oh man, it slams I never came candied like the yams Sambo, stands low, never to my lattitude Never was a nigga and I never had an attitude Never actin' mad at you unless you try to front on the D-E like you didn't know the day of the month Once they get a whiff of the shit, you know it's funky Please keep up your gall  'cause I'ma ball them fools who hunt me Act like you do, or rather act like you know Del, Souls of Mischief, Extra Pro, down with Hiero (Hierogliphics in the house) It's like that y'all (It's like that y'all, ya don't stop Check it out y'all, ya don't stop Check it out, yo, ya don't stop Hierogliphics in the house, ya don't stop Souls of Mischief in the house, ya don't stop Extra Prolific in the house, ya don't stop T-L-E is in the house, you don't stop Morris J's in the house, ya don't stop The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Del the Funky Homosapien Album: Dr. Bombay 12" Song: Eye Examination I never had real friends 'til now I never had to steal endz 'cause that's foul I walk the streets with the baseball bat feelin' secure but I try not to incite fights that's immature actions that come back to haunt I work hard to get the things that I want and never flaunt never post where the most guys post high I keep my focus towards the ground and pound any brother who's my ace to my face even if snakes on the unda' I try not to wonda' trainin' my brain wit' mental anguish strange, it's rather eerie clearly just a whim I adjust the hymn deal with the dealers and the squealers and the jockeys I can take the fizz out the carbonated copy imprints are made in the sand as I walk dim hints reveal rather grand as I talk small individuals seem larger when they take charge of their antics makin' them gigantic so you never suspect their neck bein' strained so many situated thoughts in the brain heavy weight gain so I weight train 'cause to me the weight gain is a great gain and I hate sane individuals close they nose to new aromas I got the smellin' salts that are prone ta' clear the nasal, daze you'll probably make a raise to a new level and see the true devil any color ya wish because the devil takes any shape, any form any swarm ride over your dish like a picnic I think the sick shit I had my wrist slit like a suicide but I survived and you can too plan to live a full life free of anxieties while you're at it try to keep an eye on me [BRIDGE] The man with meditation skills wastin' spills, lyrical liquid fillin' streams wit' dreams and I will cream whoever seems wicked oral floral arrangements is strange since you don't have the comprehension I will stop and lynch them I'm not the one promotin' gun totin' 'cause I contain within my brain these computations just as potent the mental torturer of course you will acknowledge me 'cause Mr. Twister places pictures, mental fixtures of photography shitty little bitties never get their clitties done, but I don't think they'll resist Mr. Twister when I flex my verbal techs. exit mental anorexic I don't cater to the imbecile so you can bet this is a brain buster pain thruster strain twister overwhelming pressure between the temples when I touch the microphone I might condone the usage of abuse if it is convenient I slant and lean it like a lever when I leave ya mutilated by my enuciated cleaver I survived the ither and the either now let me take a breather (PAUSE) From my own little world, little girls, little boys stay free of hurries free of worries that's riddle poised for posterity where are we goin' from here as a ho and I don't know and that's the biggest feeaaar when I'm flippin' into daaarknesss now I'm askin' can I spark this? It's D-E-L y'all from Hieroglyphics y'all sayin' peeeeace. . . Artist: Deltron 3030 Album: Event II Song: City Rising from the Ashes Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com, Deltron 3030 [Deltron Osiris] Zooma zoom zoom zoom... Yeah I know you need a little background clear though about yer boy Deltron Zero, your hero In three thousand thirty, we ain't in the clear though We was near toast, doing too much, who to trust in a land so scandalous and grand?  Even the President got his hand in the contraband They done control the band of information  Leading to education to your brainwaves pulsatin They said "Fuck the environment!"  For so long the environment said "Fuck y'all!" Okay, now we in a cobra clutch Once the planet fold up and blow up  You know what? (what?) Mother Nature  must've saved us cause look, we still stay here But much was lost, we lost touch with the source To get back, there was a hero, jet black who was kin to the previous champion  in 3030, but now it's 4010 From the ashes, I arise  with the new style, this Deltron Osiris If you can buy this, let's go along  and see how we go so far, the road is gone Osiris, I'm here in the afterlife in the future where brothers will have to fight [Deltron Osiris] Everybody, call it a scramble Full scale chaos, reckless abandon Cats will sell they, hand for a handgun Follow your commander, though you can't stand him No plannin, wild and dangerous Anger just permeate, so we learn to take hostility with a grain of salt and step out the way, cause it ain't our fault Bank vaults, blown to smithereens Whatever's left is theft for the fiends But you'd better not mess with the team Deltron and damn, we melt foes to ash there in a flash, and not in the pan  It's all in the plan in a lawless land  Just so y'all can understand I got a legacy to chase,live up the fam [Deltron Osiris] For the power now you're been devoured by sound waves frequency with a deeperly Creep with me, as I bail through the hood with unsavory types, most likely no good  in the eyes of society's visor Even though their enterprises are the crisis They license, been revoked by the average trench coat, pulling out so you get smoked Blaow! Like hickory sausage Victory? Come on, it's far from flawless  They ain't God, but their ways is pompous Thinking they can stomp us with troops and contras but just let loose a stupid monster unable to be contained; it's too late, they launched it  with no promotion so now we revolt and insult they sultan with explosive voltage [Outro] KABOOOOOM~!!! Guess that must spell doom You! You wish to defeat me? Me, with your feeble mind?!? Huh. I see you high Fuckin with me, Deltron Osiris Fam put me on, we gon' live long That's what it is  Now, next meeting is underground in the West Matrix underneath the Statue of Liberty's remains Now shhh... I'm gonna scramble the frequency  being transmitted over the pirate communications matrix  Because there was word that the rebel trolls  from the new sector have secured nodes within the matrix Shhh... don't say nothin We gonna creep up on 'em tonight, okay The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Del the Funky Homosapien Album: Hiero Oldies Vol. 1 Song: Captain America The Falcon: "I don't know who that cat is, or why he's got a hate on for Cap'; But I sure aim to find out!"  Villain: "So bird man! You sneak up from behind; Precisely the sort of tactics I should have expected from you."  The Falcon: "Save the conversation, for I am not behind you now, clay face!"  Villain: "Out of my way fool! This is good enough for you! And for you..."  Del Flexin' the futuristic style  That will devistate minds As I find more elaborate metaphors So meditate Think for a second as I becken Abstract thoughts brought to the surface Watch as I burst this Rhyme flow  I design slow moving tempos so the simple minded foes find my flows moving at the speed of light I need a tight Sample so I can dismantle your cranium Play me dumb if you want imbecile I can pick your brain  like a grain of sand  in an hour glass when its filled to capacity Cassidy Hop-a-long to the song that is strong I'm the massive bee with a twelve foot stinger and I wring you're little wet towel Cause I'm getting foul when I'm meddled with I settle this Violence I silence MC's who continue  when you know you will fail Slow snail as I salt ya Then watch ya shrivel up and sizzle cause I'm hard like Gilbralta You're butter-soft so you can park it out ya little chauffeur Cause I go for the esaphogus when I choke ya Broke ya skeletin ya fail again And I'm the victa You can pick the time and the place So you can get a taste of medecin for your medulla cause I school a  Ferris Beulla cuttin class cause your style is butt 'n' ass; I pass one to A+ And I say hush child cause your plush style Is unstable as a slush pile You ain't down with the program You snow man Me the Homosapien is funky like your toe jam So damn enlightenin I'm frightenin allota men Open up your shutters let the sunshine in Simple Simon rhymin' on the airwaves So scare slays to the rhythm So I give 'em more than a fair trade Verbal blades Slice humans To ribbons cause they're fibbin' so you'll be assumin' That I'm the dopest I focus on the vibes that I conjure Clean up the stains in your brain when I launder Now feast upon the thoughts like a mental plum Maybe you might learn something before I'm done Spit out the pits and hit the flows in the nose Del lets your sub-conscious be exposed Where it like a bullet proof vest upon your chest Even the best hollow tip bullet couldn't make an impression  Cause this lesson Is invulnerable Never dwell on the hellish aspects Have fun until you perish Cherish your lifetime This is why I write rhymes  To illuminate the ones with the tight minds Sign on the dotted line Spottin fine shelter  Step to me wrong and I'ma belt ya Eye for an Eye But you're eye shouldn't cry over spilled milk  Feel guilt when you know you're wrong Never sing the song like you know it better than anyone else's Cause that's selfish Learn to admit mistakes Just sit and takes a load off your back Don't this acoustic bass on this track Pack a wallop All up in your face cause I'm the bold kid Check out the illogical styles that I molded Silly-putty syllables That still will pull uplifting The masses the higher plateaus of hip-hop listening Villain: "My red, white and blue foe- I have no desire to kill you, not now, not when I can make you suffer all the more by slaying the one you call the Falcon."  Captain America: "No way to reach him in time."  Villain: "So watch, my friend. Watch and greive. Eh? My weapon's charge. . . Exhausted??!" The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Del the Funky Homosapien Album: Hiero Oldies Vol. 1 Song: Crazy Del Song; Operator (Scratching, random dialogue) I seek souls like mines  so my mind finds inner peace  and then a beast  could never devour  my powers arrive  from survivors of this holocaust. Please be hopeful,  never thinkin' all is lost in my sector,  specter  slidin',  collidin' with my lifestyle so I fight while they threaten me,  sweatin' me -  well I'm quite mild, the world makes me gnarly, but an introvert not hardly. I deal with it.  I feel a bit  under the weather, I need to pull my pieces back together. Fallin' apart, stallin' a heart of sincerity since there will be another stoplight and its not right  so I might go insane of this brain  of mine  maintain a line that has been tame  before the tempest. I'm looking to my better interests. I never tried to post or tried to impress anyone  so why do I got to suffer every single day it seems the way of the world is rougher. And then you wonder why I love to hallucinate, because I never ever thought I would get used to hate. So I imbedded my time within my mind, and rhymin'  was the only way I kept from bein' confined to quarters,  sure there's good times and bad,  but the bad time's are overwhelming,  and how the hell things  get out of hand I ask you,  you have to give an answer;  eating at my brain like it was cancer. Worryin'.  Hurryin', My thought processes. I got offices  imbedded in my skull,  a million secretaries actin' scary  when they type 200 words per minute.  It just occurred to me I'm in it. 'Cause I'm the boss,  the head honcho,  at least to this mutiny. The whole idea is cute to me. so I entertain it  and let my brain get  deeper and deeper  until it vibrates like a beeper and I can't maintain it. So what's the verdict? It's D.E.L. the visionary and I come with the absurd shit. [Break with freaky "call the operator" sample] If I had not one friend I would be gooooone. Way in outer space singin' one sooooong: 'Zippety doo dah, zippety day, my oh my what a wonderful day when my mind's dusted'. Thrusted  out beyond the stars, I'm the satellite. Transmittin, fit in situations that'll rattle tikes - scare 'em,  dare 'em to go farther. So then I go father, burnin' my brain out with mental lava. Scalding,  all things  rearrange so I never socialize, when you feel my eyes. The dilated pupils,  I violated scruples, 'cause I told myself I'd never do it again, but now I grin. Laugh on the inside,  men tried to strap me  in a straight jacket when I laugh and I'm happy  for two hours straight,  these powers hate me  and they make me wanna cower, but lately I've been feeling like a tower. Tall and sturdy,  wordy, though I never say a word, 'cause when I say a word,  before it's like they never heard. Nothing ever changes except within my cerebellum, so I'll never tell 'em,  never tell 'em,  never tell 'em. I'll tell it to my soul over and over even though I'm locked within a room with padded walls,  I'm never sober. Inspections,  injections,  keep me confined to my inner thoughts  and this is how I lost my mind. [Break with maniacal laughter] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Del the Funky Homosapien w/ Dinosaur Jr. Album: Judgment Night (soundtrack) Song: Missing Link Hey, I gotta start it MCs be carted, off ya soft Dinosaur Jr. will flood that's gotta warn ya what in blazes hey this, is phat weigh this I'll portray this photographs, so the last laugh is mine, you're behind for the mind, and for the soul that's how I roll now I hold the mic, with my life depended on it I'm doin' ya bond it my non gets warts it and I'm apart from wackness I'm separated did you like how I spiked the ball despite ya all you could come bite a small portion there's more in the vault halt, have a malt I alta your brain patterens yet it's my fault I sustain phatter blends of words heard, stampede damn he the speech with two teach? [CHORUS:] "Just me, no simile, never flow simpily, cause it was meant to be, the truth, the truth, and nothing but the truth, I tell it to the youth, propelling with the proof, in the puddin', wouldn't you like to know? Oh, no you didn't, my flows never quittin', and that's the truth, the mothephfuckin' truth my man." I'm on the scrimmage waitin' for you phucking imitations and I'm not descriminating myself, when I'm making my wealth pure facts it's hard for me to endure wack MCs I lay my tracks with ease I'm tellin' you that Del is truth appelin' through your arteries you scar your knees bowing, praising, now when I phase in like Kitty Pride city wide confer to kick the rumor him admit he lies the truth will set you free when I upset MCs execute MCs I do my best to mute MCs all it takes is intelligence I'm great with embellishments they need a savior so Del is sent... [CHORUS:] "Yeah, the truth, the truth, the nothing but the truth, I tell it to the youth, propelling with the proof, in the puudin', wouldn't you like to know?, Oh, no you didn't, my flow is never quittin', and that's the truth, the motherphucking truth my man, the truth, the motherphucking truth, I'll punch you in your tooth, ass drop the roof, bitch..." You know my attributes so don't act cute it's moot a closed casket the most massive fluff, just me no simile never flow simpily cause it was meant to be never concluded sever your crew with microlazer surgery, I get Adam split up like atoms like the Molecule Man now all of you stand like a congregation on the basement titric hip-hop not carin' sharin' tearin' Jones here in clones wearin' bones skeletons, your plasma is like gelatin and tell a friend who's developin' cause Del's intelligent... [CHORUS:] "Yeah, my lyrical technique, will make ya body freak, my lyrical technique, will make ya body tweak, my lyrical technique, will make ya body seek, the beaning, double-teaming, on your motherphuckin' brain. Yeah, see that hoe, too, yeah, bitch phuck it...slammin'." The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Del the Funky Homosapien Album: Made in America (soundtrack) Song: Made in America Made in America, where ya placed on the totem pole I got soul cause I'm a black man never sellin' crack and track the police the facts I release go straight through your ear to the mind listen, just cause this man is white I won't dis him I'll enlist him work with the system it's a big country aint nobody's flunky be cool, don't lose control cause a fool will scold someone else before himself there aint no need to be hurt proceed to be alert the seed is in the dirt when you aint got nowhere else to look you're gonna find 'em there and the time you shared time together maybe climb together but if it don't work out still don't doubt or pout it's out in the open hopin' that it aint scarin' ya this is made in America. [chorus:] "Made in America. Made where? Made in America. Made where? Made in America. Where dat at? Made in America" I'ma have it made in America paid in America bring about a raid in your area who's controllin' who? you controllon' you don't let noone tell you what to do you your own person I be thirstin' for more information to deal with the nation be forewarned the more informed you are will help you swarm the farther regions so please begin ask your elders I'm sure they'll tell ya where ya came from if ya brain's numb from wonderin' where did ya come from then ask your moms to drop the bomb just remember black is black no matter the shade just be glad that she gave birth to you it might hurt ya to but you gotta wonderful life so take it light, yo racial tensions makes ya fist tense it's a cinch when you don't get alarmed I'm strong and mighty just politely preparin' ya if ya made in America cause then they always fearin' ya need a strong foundation when ya placin' stationed in America. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Del the Funky Homosapien f/ Hieroglyphics Album: Mistadobalina 12" Song: Burnt DEL: Mista, twista, get ya every single time when I rhyme like I know so I flow  with tha gifted tounge, an encriptic rung  new phases to enter the mazes-play this two times a day with the dayo day, hey, hey ho with a day light come I plum forgot what a wack rhyme was because I buzz like a bee in the ears of my peers so they know and I know we all know day hey yo- day light come and me wanna go home- cool no tool, no Smith and Wesson just an oppisite so I can pop a bit of  shit on the mic when I get on the mic "pee-pee--pee-ping!"  I ricochet a bit on the mic  and I like it-  Just like the Gulf or World War II d-e-l will say and straight slay anyone who makes advances when I make um heel  peel off the anwsers when i'm drilling in your skull like a beaver binito-but I ain't finished till I like to flip side rhymes cause the rhythm gets deminished. Casual I would if I could but I ain't cause I'm dank time for me to lay down the law: who's raw? you saw the blues and the shoes of the writer stronger than a siskel and your like a side bar artery- try to win the lottery before you try to slaughter me because I'm not the g  to be stepped to  let loose negative bones that my rep crew I let loose negative tones so you better get flows to counter act what we've done proceed more stunts cause I'm hard like a street, son we go and step back as I wreck shop  pronounced to break necks of those who won't stop artist-the one who does better they ain't found and if someone else tries to step: I knock that ass down the bigger the batter the bigger the fatter is whenever you figure this nigga is gettin his be real and don't kill my walk with your next thought and answer that your boss- cause that's when you lost keep on losing, amusing many tactics I came to earn more green than Saint Patrick and I make backs if you get caught frontin' never bought a Newport but I'm on the button. Tajai I needs no sugar crisp to get swift  so what with two sylabols-it's just the positive Tajai I steals Souls that try to steal my laddin coming to your brain like I would on a sheet I respond with no distraction when I see one fatter than re-run so what's happennin'? it's not where you from, it's just how you come correct my stacks will get rough to bake get phucked enough to my men like idie midie look in the membrane enough because I am a righty fight these- you'll catch follies if you folly I make shanks to stick fakes I'm dank and you're quaint wack shit puritian surround like ineffectual I get um-blunt style like the heart of homosexuals. not for sex when you cross the intersection you're damaged get bruised knuckles and what you look for bad ones  busted a few much more than two a slew of sold ass phonies,  bust their cohonies try, you'll catch my Vans in your highnee that's if my bankrupt slips though I doubt how do you want to convert me in time but I seize more than those candies-nothing gets by me  so play them tracks- and you'll go out like beta max next to Tajai cause I kicks the greater stacks. Opio Be deep boom- bob your head to this, mischievous  soul socidle,  idle chatter never slips off the lips of this writter might not be the greater innovater of the mind scheme but my style is like the visine: it gets your eyes opening. this raggedy andy gets dandy like a lion in the meadow while the teapot blows steam like a kettle the hip to the hop I make up flip when I get drastic stepping with their moods but their flows are pornographic and man with the vocal making the locals go insane the regal rhyming speech substan-nance for the brain get frisky with the phrases like you praises like a deity the one with liberated souls -control for infinity got style much slimma-kids' got a body child Hieroglyphics gonna flip the rhythm for the meanwhile articulate my lingo as I linger in my medium of speech and I could keep poppin cause I'm trying to teach a smidgen of religion to the fraudulant listen, pay attention I'm the master of this convention kick the wigidy while ye style be stutering  just like smiley skipping singles down your satur-dreams to bad it seems you try me and I can make it play down into extreme conscienceness plus your wondering extinguish all them myths optimistic, stylistic, mysticness I'm swift like murcury nursing me I show I've got the gift. A-Plus People call me Snupe: that's because I'm living fat People call me nasty: that's because I eat the cat and I swing a bat to knuckle heads, leaving devils dead never said  never cause I cock my head  better dreadlock on the top of my head,  never flakky if this was a peel then Bodasa couldn't shake me or bake me  cause Betty Crocker's oven isn't hot enough if you wanna spread the skins  then I got alot of stuff  got it? tough-got enough-gotta lick it twice why step? here's a fly rep  I kept my step ladder I had a fatter flow to be hittin on now it's just a smidgen like a pidgeon I be shittin' on sittin on a futon... slip the larger roots on I'm the type of brotha that ya have to keep ya boots on opps- I'm sorry cause I didn't mean to dis you I could hook a hoe and make um blow like I was tissue mary had a little lamb, Adam got a lot of doe looking in my garden,  schylar got a lotta hoes Yo-I didn't mean hoes, yo I meant women If she got the pooh, I got the trunks: let's go swimming dip dip dive as I'm live  moving in on the top of my jock you don't stop here a pimp there a pimp everywhere a pimp pimp this A-plus grades the quiz-so there it is. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Del the Funky Homosapien Album: Phony Phranchise 12" Song: Press Rewind Typed by: icabod@hookt.com Just don't kick my bread Check my comprehensive catalog of crabs I'm daft, i battle all like i don't have it all Having guard, battle scar, galactic cut Got rhymes per capita I'm shining through the averture But i'm not gonna bust no caps for ya' (Naaa) That's another genre I'm the black bomber, track charmer Sack burner, distract verters If it ain't that urgent Nerve prints, words sentinal, invisible Infa-del, in a cell i hella clever endeavors Immeasurable with only havin' a go incredible Melodramatic, with tales from the tablet You fail 'cause you average Regardless of your sales and your status You extra baggage I bamboos are like mobbin' in a Landcruiser down McArthur Artistic archer, autistic misfit Y'all get the sickness when i spit the wickedness Split ya wig like kid ignorant Leave ya headless like Icabod I infuriate and tick you off, stick go pop Hip-hop's too dificult, too me it's a cult Lyrics lacerate and slit ya' throat Leave ya' brain down like Episcopal Sniffin' coke, i don't know Different strokes, so respect me before i whip out ol' Betsy Surgically remove you from my testis Purposelssly improve you just to see who the best be But sold, i'm sexy, take a poll And know the prestige, large lefty I automate, animate my soul sanitation Like i got a canvass painting Manifestation Hey, who ever hear of this? Deltron-Z be a lyricist Frontin' on ya flake false superiest Drop you delirious Dead serious, the hairiest mic mysterious Hey peep who ever hear of this Deltron-Z be a lyricist  Frontin' on ya flake false superiest Drop you delirious Dead serious, the hairiest mic mysterious Go ahead, try symbiosis But most rap artists don't have any focus Think they flippin' chips Try penny brokers Clips go no penny loafers Get my album, i'll show you how it's done Delatocious, hella atrocious with focals My throat holds verbal choke holds Broke hoes see escrows My goals are not rifles I flows scrimmage like those micro-knots You might go pop And i might grow crops So get the Gestapo You riskin' a pot full of gold Full of zodiac signs at half-time Re-enact rhymes from my past life for a flashlight Man, you don't know the half Dash right to the phonograph Throw your Bawlderdash Coordinates confirmed Subordinates will learn My ordinance is stern So supportin' my firm Is the only way in this lonely age when your goin' craze This style is sewed and paid for, 'cause i made more Water emcees like the Bay shore Bullets grazed doors in Oakland where they lay law Del is going AWOL with napalm ink bombs Taped to my arms like the town choir Now i'm a miser, strider, spitting cider, ripping ply wood Forgive beef diggin' lyrical cheapskates Try Del and win the sweepstakes When i make it so hot, it's seathin', off the deep end Stop ya' breathin' Caught ya' sleepin' No ya' peakin', like you've eaten a hundred micro-dots Wreck ya' Equinox, delete every piece of props Leave ya' perferated Curb ya' hatred Serve ya matrix in the Word Olympics Complete, be furnished with burners like Ted Turner I broadcast the classics, fabulous, fantastic Hey, who ever hear of this? Deltron-Z be a lyricist Frontin' on ya flake false superiest Drop you delirious Dead serious, the hairiest mic mysterious Hey who ever hear of this Deltron-Z be a lyricist  Frontin' on ya flake false superiest Drop you delirious Dead serious, the hairiest mic mysterious And the survey says, go practice or something man The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist:	Del the Funky Homosapien Album: 	Radiohead: Rainydayz Remixes by Amp Live song: 	Video Tapez Typed by: meller85@gmail.com [Chorus] 2x When I'm at The Pearly Gates This'll be on My videotape [Verse 1 - Del] Flashlights report the lies Just like life flash before your eyes Touch right Through to the soul Illusions exposed Right here on a reel In the theater of real occurence Your in a box with the top popped open Like the soldiers in a trojan Unexpected One direction Can't go both ways That's what the pope say Every known play in your soundtrack Is based around fact How you get down and act The end of the cinema Into the darkness The usher escort ya to ya fortune Morphin' into the final solution Might be gruesome Depending on your contribution Your vision gets clear and translucent Witnessing your own video revolution [Verse 2 - Del] iPictures moving fast Quicktime Format more than I ask The big time Transmit the past And it's a glance Here on a reel in the theater of real appearance I'm in a place where the space makes Way for wars like Obi-Wan and Vader Play for a private screening I've been dreaming That's what my mind thinks All my hygiene's broadcasted It's trapped with my issues And whatever script i choose Sound is magnified, amplified Forcing the subject discovering a new adjustment Something for my understanding It might be expanding Depending on the programming I spot my ways of abandon Witnessing my own parade on the planet The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Del the Funky Homosapien  Album: Strength Magazine Presents Subtext (Compilation) Song: Cyberpunks Typed by: WakMasterA@aol.com "It is the year 2387 Man has relieved an overcrowded Earth By the establishment of planetary colonies In other star systems of the milky way galaxy The most successful of these colonies Is on Maris, a planet so Earthlike, that many call it Earth 2" (CHORUS)(2x) Cyberpunks, MegaDel, ultra violences when I adjust Future phenomenon, you need to try it once MegaDel Cyberpunk technology such as cyberbots Check the rhymes I concocked, private stock While you jock I set a ultra security For MC intelligents who wanna murder me It's like the third degree The way I question my sanity I work on cybernetics as a form of vanity To protect my circuitry I stay under the canopy I send the special ships to finish my fantasy To become a bionic commando, monitor scandals Solar panels reflect, energy enters me MC's energy in the 21st century Soling temper release, fusable alloys like musical cowboys Super bomb raps, capable of alien contact With rhyme pacts, create galactic soundtracks Profound facts to word classify invoke for several decades By the C.I.A. or now pedal death codes on the internet The center's flesh, I smoke a pinner of bless and can't remember next Transmission control, you better listen to your soul When your carbon base creatures connects with technology Brand new species, devoid of ecology Totally electronic they monitor and follow me (CHORUS) Escape the cold flu, still down with kung fu Back then they hung you, but now they fun chew I touch the escape key, a blue light envelopes me Covers me with energy and sucks me in the screen I met Tron, he said don't let out about the cyber universe Because you the first human to discover us Neon lasers with colorful photons I felt like voltron my hands turned to silver Probably woulda killed ya, I just lost my sanity My brain was enhanced with super intelligence Shoot the elements, we stowed with a charged beam Victory was our theme, packed more silicon than sardines Transformed into a plane like star screens  Cyberpunk, rockin' the mic with auto targeting 5th element, the strength of six elephants It was miraculous the way they pashed me in Quick with the lecture remains Testin' my phaser, I melted some glaciers, wow this great stuff Powered with voltage, a technofile armed with explosives Missiles, a crystalizer To freeze MC's and then shatter them with super bases Around relentless pound against the ground Like an asteroid, a metal bohemive More than you can dream of, a morval team of Both sides of the brain Transmuted to my physical form to ride the train My eyes had a neon green glow, I seen foes Instruments self destruction, made for huntin' (CHORUS) Controllin' cyberspace like a girl's private place With a chassity belt, I has to be felt Futuristic crucifixing super diction  With computer victims, terminated through the symptoms To virus', sophisticated and bizaare Enthrawling, I even serve smart drinks at the bar Bonzai, mechanical tenticles hard times For small fry who tried to hog the mic You saw the light, took all the stripes Stop the spying theives That I percieve when my optics turn lime green In this industrial environment, there's certain requirements The mental training that helps you see the Leviathon I'm pilotin' a giant mecca in my private sector My invisible forcefields of course yields The inner sanctum, better do the interface Master programmers create aircrafts that look like dinner plates  The Zen tribe me, mob me I did concert on their planet for 5 G's Space the last frontier Another make you pass on beer, we hellucinagetics with speed (CHORUS) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Del the Funky Homosapien f/ Pep Love, Q-Tip Album: Wrongplace 12" Song: Undisputed Champs Typed by: jcontemprato@yahoo.com [Del] Aite hold up hold up Now introducing...up front, my man Pep Love [Pep Love] My introduction: It's such an unbelievable pleasure For you to treasure; And much needed too Make it phat though on another plateau- You've been needin to get in the groove I do it natural As we get Jazzy with classy shit To make them hard ass rappers wanna blast me (buck buck) Cause I exemplify a pimpified mack In actin like the shit nigga Mashin rappers with a passion When I get Tip and Tribe flashin lyrics I smash your spirits Like a big disappointment But this here shit will surprise ya Devise a plan: A pipsqueak, shit's weak cause the size of the man So if you wanna measure up then press your luck Cause when I'm in the cut Man there ain't no catchin up I bet ya never heard a nigga with a vigorous flow Figure this bro gettin ate like a clitoris? No. I never could'a seen it- I rip a rapper's balls off To make him scream when its convenient. Hear ye hear ye Clearly we're the Undisputed ones that you get mad at when you hear me Pompous comp. just barely even registered on the meter Cause we the niggas that they checkin for Me and you or, you and him Ruinin' them Doin men in When I'm cuein him in On the one [Del] Ya two... three, four [Q-Tip] Now niggas know I got lyrics out the anal And any move that you make could be fatal The poet that shows it: and some of y'all niggas know it when ya Grab the mic and you can't recite Yo that gets me irate when ya can't debate But wait- Now ya niggas think that I'm ya runnin' mate? Naw phukk that, cuz when I grab the baton I'm gone (zoom) All around the track like a runnin maniac (damn) You babblin your babblin son; what the phukk? Anybody can grab the gun and go buck (psshewww) But can you grab the mic and kick ill shit? (like) Stun 'em with the verbs, instead of using clips Check it: I flip styles by the dozen; I could even do things that you thought I was but I wasn't You MC's are slipping into rigor mortis Give it up please And just support this; I got styles that are legendary Even in the clink Poetic reality What the phukk you think? Cause I'm down with the D-E-L So what the hell? [Del] (Haha!) I never come from the temple of simple rappers Your rap's poor I'm on track I lap yours Collapse yours Elapse forever You're never gonna get better bitin' my friend But I lend a hand helping MC's yelping like puppies (Arf! Arf!) Their rhymes are supple My rhymes are roughed up Like a duffle bag mags on my wheels squeal Peel out towards your head While others bust lead That's dead I beat your head in the resin when the pipe hits the buds in my chamber My rhymes are never tamer Perpetrators I'ma hurt ya later/after On the path of danger I got fangs not bangs like a bitch which I use to puncture With punctuation- And mutation Racin' like my thoughts Bust shots to scatter And my latter lets me elevate Over MC's that are hella fake My reaction to your rappin' is laughin Has-beens are askin to get their ass kicked Cause they're plastic I'm bringing lyrical lacerations That you're tastin Painful I maim foes Metaphorically Historically used the hip hop To make your neck pop, nod in awe When I kick the modern style (Modern style, haha!) [Cut] The undisputed ones that you get mad at The undisputed ones that you get mad at The undisputed ones that you get mad at When you . . . grab the mic and you can't recite The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Del Tha Funky Homosapien Album: Think Differently Music: Wu-Tang Meets the Indie Culture Song: Fragments Typed by: CnoEvil@CHAMBERMUSIK.Com [Intro: Del tha Funky Homosapien] What up, G, what up G? Why you knockin' on the door? No, you can't come in, heh, you can't come here Yeah, the key don't work no more, yeeh You fucking around, yeah you smarter than me You smarter than me, hee-hee [Del tha Funky Homosapien] I don't know, who now, how do it feels since you No longer have connections, with me, you dumb in Hungry and found this, you must be, your plan is vaulted You don't wanna play a game, it only works when you young and beautiful Now you should know - how neither of these herbs gassin' you That would have you boosting clothes Left you hanging, dry and stupid though So know it's your turn, to play what you give for Your brain's looping slow, you stupid hoe Yeah, you should know, but the foolish don't You don't get too close, cause you know the truth will show Runner ability, see, is something I went through before [Interlude: Del tha Funky Homosapien] Yeah, yeah... I seen this movie before, it's weak The plotline is very thin Yeah, it lacks substance, very predictible I give it a thumbs down, I give it a thumbs down [Del tha Funky Homosapien] See, I studied psychology since a young'n So I spot every move, you make I may not see it clearly through all the street talk You got beef, walk, yeah I love you, but not like that You try to stop my act, with your high for looting, childhood retribution It won't rest til you get, your licks in Vixen Victoria's Secret stories, you keep within Your witch's brew, for due -- you Fancy as a, not too shroud, denial you choose But your eyes on the glue, to your inner most And, when I'm host to your bizarre sideshow, then expose for you [Interlude: Del tha Funky Homosapien] Yeah, cause remember the wicked witch When she looked in the mirror, and then the mirror just shattered and shit Cause she was so ugly and shit... but ugly in the inside though See you don't dig me, when I'm saying that You gotta feel me, when I say, that that's the wicked witch [Del tha Funky Homosapien] You seem lost so why would you try deviating From what would seem to be, the clear choice to making Such a situation, such as this, now wake up I play possible with you, but you gotta do what I say But you gutter babe, through and through, you ain't have enough yet Pushing pussy for product, having a good time is what you call it All of it, washed away the mourns of an alcoholic Now you out for my wallet, and give me a hard time too Just to show me a thing or two, about, how low the low be Well don't get cold feet, when you discover I hold heat To melt that cold heart, that's so weak [Outro: Del tha Funky Homosapien] You know... it ain't nothing but a thang See, um, if you start, um, doing something stupid around here I'mma come out there and I will beat a bitch ass I will beat a bitch down to the ground And, I might have to get some paper though Cuz, since you out here already fucking other shit Youknowhatimean, but, you ain't nothing though really That's you though, you know? The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Aesop Rock & Del tha Funky Homosapien Album: Think Differently Music: Wu-Tang Meets the Indie Culture Song: Preservation Typed by: CnoEvil@CHAMBERMUSIK.Com [Intro: Aesop Rock] Yeah... riff raff... Uh, Weathermen, Hieroglyphics, what up? Ok [Aesop Rock] Riff raff, alley, when I boom slang, drip draft Venom with a new twang, same swagger, new thang Whose gang, a stagger with similar dirty worms Who occasionally cluster up the service and observe A.R. periscope, blast through the terror dome Zoo wanna shark attack, clash til the thrill is gone Bark back, fresh off the pharmacy, counter doubter pop Blame it on the overly, eggy, farming a power crops Dark wing when I pioneer deer, croppin' the odds With all the proper sparkers and cogs I bounce with a seventh sin, equipped with a foul jour moment Waiting for that great celebrity towel throwing [Del tha Funky Homosapien] And you niggaz know what time it is, it's preservation The national guard, it's me and Aesop Rock, stopping any operations against the fence Del is quick to dispense, with foreign elements Back, y'all the anchor attribute to the decay Strives who plays, map your route, cause Aesop is absolute Del? He practice shoot, basket hoops, capture fools with lasso loops Hip hop needs two veterans such as us, who ain't never scared To tear it there, hard to tell, vegetarian and aware of it Therefore, tearing can take care of it, ok, ok [Aesop Rock] I bang on doors, pay rent, lampin' to birth complaints Rip flipper, make rap music during commercial breaks Starring Galapagos Island, evolution mutant Through the one man species, shaking leaches off his Puma's Beach run ashore, on whores, and contaminated play Spout try'nna out the older alligator fade away Make us stay, please, I chisel the missile gently Blast in the wagon, middle finger, condescends me Green Earth bum, walk a right plank, he burst one But yo, keep the rugged play, I'm never stumped Aes' hid the drum, keep paint under his lung, ugly Who can know a dog runs more than a rutty puppy [Del tha Funky Homosapien] You better have appreciation for this D-E-L, I'm so hungry, man, I'm tastin' the shit And the, girl you just replaced an abyss And it's a bitch, just needle action, like an itch The only reason why I like to strike it rich Is to be able to keep the flow, that's how deep it go Artist: (A Plus f/) Del the Funky Homosapien, Pep Love Album: My Last Good Deed Song: Nothing Fake/The Ultimate Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash C'mon... {*echoes*} C'mon now [Del the Funky Homosapien] Don't believe what they tellin you about me and Plee ya see that we illustrious Flames you can't douse or doubt You know we came to turn this motherfucker out See - everythang fo' what it really is, still feelin big at our expense, as scarred against our excellence Excalibur with which I done blurred a thousand words Whittle 'em down to about a third They got - nerve, loudmouths, they birdbrains, they ain't knowin Plee and Tajai, tch, rhymin since the third grade Back then niggaz called it a nerd game Now they sit on the curb tryin to learn game, earn fame But we from the O, that's why, we let 'em know the thangs to be up out, plus we want the flow for the people here, equal share Yeah they treat us fair, cause we speak with care about all y'all [Chorus: Del] I know you and you know me And somebody told me that we O.G.'s So if you feel that then shake and bake Cause my nigga A Plus ain't nothin fake I know you and you know me And, somebody told me that we O.G.'s So if you feel that shake and bake Cause my boy A Plee ain't nuttin fake {*record scratches off needle*} "Awwwwwwwwww shit." "Wasn't my fault y'knahmsayin?" "I hear you~!" {*beat changes*} [Pep Love] This one feel good Plee Let's do it Hieroglyphics mayne, we the ultimate Gettin dough don't quit, and if we in it we on it It's on from the beginnin, my niggaz is winnin In the zone and we inchin in for dollars quarters and pennies We got plenty, and we fin' ta be "2005 'Til Infinity" my live niggaz feelin me We drop toxic hot shit And make hip-hop, skip to the rhythm for profit Bitches on the dick, they love Hieroglyphics White girls, latinas, asians and black chicks Act a fool, break a rule, get your paper dude I'm on point cause if I make a mistake I lose Truth spitter, you shoulda knew When I blew through the roof with a blueprint of new And improvin abusin the rules, we hit 'em and get 'em confused by my many tentacles when accused of contradictin myself Get off of my dick and excel in your own right Then quicken your step to the next lev-el We XXL and do it big as the planet now let's get this mail Yeah "There's something strange about him"  "Strange isn't the word for it" The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Casual f/ Del Album: Fear Itself Song: A Little Something [Del] Yeah, huh I will display my dynamics get out the way damnit I plan it just to leave MC's abandoned brandin X's when I flex this I wreck shit and leave rappers searching for the exit lets get physical I got precision skill until I fill ya spot when you rot shrivel, crazy paranoia cause I'll kill you cut you me and my microphone reach out and touch you crush you into particles I'm sparkin, still I get smarter and I make my styles hits harder I mack styles stack piles distract smiles you're wack while I continue to get in you [Casual] The main purpose to my service is to make MC's nervous no one will serve this superb is my skill niggas get chills as I spills 'em I kills them with vocals I slam and folks will out jammies because I slam with ease and you can't deny that because you abandoned me huh, I came to collect my thoughts this collection brought perfection and it was taught to the masses now your ass is out cause Cas is out your shit clash, I doubt that you will make it but you can fake it, like these other pooh-butts I don't know who or what signed 'em they must be in it for the loot fuck, I don't need this wack shit my tracks hit, the straight beat and that's it I hate a weak MC when he speaks it tempts me to crack his skull and leave his domepiece empty The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Casual f/ Pep Love, Del Album: Fear Itself Song: Who's It On Verse One: Pep Love My name be Pep Love over the loop, I scoop, and do a flip alleyoup, put a dip in a hula hoop And spin her as I went in her she's hot like diner she sounds like a tenor Then again I wouldn't know, yo what is the subject the way that Pep Love check mics and throw rights and lefts Don't move or budge yet cause Hieroglyphics in the motherfuckin house I rips descriptions of mc's duckin out as we step in Pep and Del and Casual leave the weapons cause we flippin' this funky shit for the crowds acceptance I've been around the world and I, I, I never seen a crew of fresher niggaz that just be actin' all in they teens Never stallin, as soon as we fill in the scene I bet ya that I wet ya mc's like a dream Bringin a pow pow shootin up like coke in the veins, but now, now I'd rather have smoke in the brain Who's the pimp? The nigga that profits when I rock shit I spin check this shit which I have concocted Then you can jock it [Bridge:] "Who's it on, who's it on, who's it-on? [Repeat]" Verse Two: Del the Funky Homosapien Yeah, it's time I add flavor, and I'm glad I came your style is lame, you picked a bad time. Del will propel rhymes and tell minds to calculate When it comes to rhymes I know I'll be great Inside my ride when I get it, I won't have to kid it I'm right around the corner you mourn or you shitted, bricks I gets my kicks with my tricks and my treats The agenda will send ya in and out through my landscape I will ban fakes, phony figures No need for alarm cause I'm the nigga You're in the wrong place at the wrong time and you'll catch a pistol whippin but if you got a bong fine Nowadays I don't forget what is flavor, interlockin not meant for mockin, or plagiary I'm the major G, ask your agency how my pager's free of anguish, ya strange bitch I never saw you, we all crew so you small crews gets no attention I commence to blend, within the background like a chameleon, revealin them This is how I track down traitors [Bridge] Verse Three: Casual I'm comin' phat, so don't mistake dude I gate crews drop that shit kid I'll make ya kneel, bow when I reveal real styles Electrocutin' we wreck the cute scene rappin, adaptin cause the sacs spend his lifetime, tryin to bite mine It's quite funny word to the money that they say we gettin My crew's judicial, you're superficial Need I say more, niggaz get vexed now they got me leavin bodies on the floor like homeless I slice your spleen, I'm twice as mean Your dome is disconnected, we wreck shit niggaz don't know how to flow That disgusts me, and keeps me bustin I must clean the Hip-Hop I'm avare, no one can compare I fiend to hear a nigga who can flow better You no better Hieroglyphics runnin' shit from here till after fo'ever so clever Mc's take shorts because Jooooohn. . . knows who's it on The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Coup f/ Del Album: Steal This Album Song: The Repo Man Sings for You Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash {with help from liner notes} [Del] It's the Repo Man! Reposession is my occupation It's not my fault you facin foreclosure, I told ya I'm just an agent, workin for the man and his manuscript say you owe him for this land Don't cry to me, and don't lie to me Actin like you ain't home, fakin on the phone You shoulda thought about that when you bought the Benzy You missed a few increments now we gotta come and get yo' shit If you slip on the payments I get paid to make sure that you pay rent or get out, throw all your clothes in the streets Frozen meats, out your refridgerator then my boys come back and get it later with the forklift Heh, we don't care how hard you worked, we takin yo' shit It's too late, your payment's way past your due date You couldn't hide from me, even with a new face or plastic surgery, your debt's outstandin I don't care about your family, don't hand me no excuses, you know it's useless, no one's stoppin me Just get off the property before I bring the cops with me Possibly, this could turn into a criminal act Gimme your fax machine, PlayStation in the basement adjacent, to the big screen television You can't tell the system no, we gotta get the dough The company want they G's, or the keys to the convertible, and hey, nothin personal, okay? I'm just doin my job (you know?) Collectin on your debts, now you're losin a wad Bruisin your wallet, whatever in your pocketbook all get took, to my agency, then they payin me It ain't phasin me, that's my thing When I mob off witcha shit, listen to me sing La la la la la la la, la la la la la *repeat 8X* [Boots] *thck* One, paycheck from sleepin on the street *tchka* Two/too, many bills my scrill don't meet *tchka* Three day notice from the landlord on the seat Fo-fo', caliber shots ain't discrete But motherfuckers still jack frequent, no secret cause they shit be delinquent And on closer inspection, reposession collection motivates birth protection in the brokest section In other words, the ghetto Repo Man, pullin strings like Giupetto Squeeze two at him, let go Cause I just gotta be real I'm tired of informercials with them five-year payment deals See I was sleepin on the carpet in my apartment when I heard my car ignition cause somebody sparked it So I run all the way down the hallway full throttle Don't give in is my motto, so I bust him with a bottle He screamin, "Whatchu gon' pay me with?" Then he started laughin singin crazy shit [Del] La la la la la la la, la la la la la I said, "SHUT THE FUCK UP," and then I banked him in the jaw But that was no use, even though he skidaddled bill collectors make my phone rattle, tell my kids don't tattle When you pick up the receiver, I'm sick with a fever You don't know where I am either Even hillbillies at a party linedancin get they Ford trucks with poor financing Banks that give the loan figure - damn, in the worst case we makin money cause we had it in the first place! And where was it that they got that cash from? You when you deposit it from bustin yo' ass Well two weeks after that last altercation I noticed my front lock had a slight alteration My TV was gone and out the window from my room I heard the Repo Man sing his devious tune, it went [Del] La la la la la la la, la la la la la *repeat 8X* The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Digital Underground f/ Del the Funkee Homosapien Album: Future Rhythm Song: Food Fight Typed by: aa8@cant.ac.uk [Intro: Humpty Hump (Del)] This is a federal food fight (You better know it!) That means we're callin out all you kooks and crooks (What?! We're about to rip this shit) Oh, me? My name is Humpty Hump (There's a party in here, baby) I'm the original big-nosed rapper, baby (You better get down with this, baby) We're about to sling hot food all over this piece (Just nothing but a food fight!) Here we go, back in the house for the 9-whatever (Foood fiiiiiggghht) With the bacon and egg sandwich [Humpty Hump] You ain't bringing groceries, g Your groove is getting rude over records But can you sling the food like this?! You better bite this If you wanna make the people move like this Chez wa, Allah, cheese burger Flame broil base, my pickle make ya wiggle You're busted, my mustard will wax your whole plate By itself, not including all my funky condiments Nod your head to this and DUCK DOWN As I commence to lock and load a fresh cantaloupe Yo, I'm illin! I'm slingin melons Like the felons are slangin dope sacks So max but I wouldn't stand so close up in the light Either bring it or hide Cause it's about to be a food fight! (You need something for the food fight!) We hit you in the neck with a cheeseburger (Gotta bring food to the food fight!) Yeah, bruh, we hit you in the neck with a cheeseburger! [Del] It's classic Slapping brothers with some lettuce from jurasstic I counteract it with the Shock with ham hocks >From brothers who might Tupac Fifty-seven black [????] and lots of flows Fat like hippopotamoes, still caught em though In the face with excrements, peep my testaments I bring the seasoning paprika Eureka for the weaker, and smoke the reefer Dribble up the funk in the beaker And, yes, about to say speaker' It leaks in your ears and years ahead I went to Japan and they was throwing pork balls But I'm calling protocol, stooop! (You need something for the food fight) We banked you in the neck with the cheeseburger (Gotta bring something for the food fight) Yes, we're slugging the chicken nugget to your grill (You need something for the food fight) Get ready, we're coming fetti with the groceries (Gotta bring food to the food fight!) Someone shoulda told ya, it ain't over till it's over [Humpty] Now if I am what I eat I hope I ain't a big couchie Gotta substitute the ouch' for the ooch'! If so, I hate to see my man Donnie O, he'd be a butthell Substitute the ell' for the ole' Actually, factually hella fools I know would be toe up If you was what you ate, no fakin My man Nate would be a plate of bacon My brother Shock popcorn, and my cat would be a rat My girlfriend would be some super sperm and things My rich nigga Pac would be a lobster with hot wings It's quite simple, if true that my temple is wrecked I'd be some mushrooms and cognac I'd be a pinto bean gravy smothered neck bone Scrilla taker, vanilla wafer, baker, filler So come on with your food slingin cause I'm ready Bring it  SHUT UP! Nigga, sing it Bring the groceries The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DJ EQ f/ Casual, Del, Xzibit Album: Beats and Lyrics: Issue 1 Song: Three Emcees Typed by: Nelson2014@aol.com Xzibit intro: Yes yes. Ahh ahh. Bring it live Yo it's the X to the Z from the Likwit Squad Hook: "One MC" "After" (x3) "On the mic"- Souls Of Mischief [Xzibit] All that get money take money sound funny So I stick to my own I can feel it in my bones These clones and clowns ain't really down Play the background westbound Huntin' down pussy like a bloodhound Plus I feel that no style is darker than mine You can stick that into places where the sun don't shine All you one hit wonders only in it for the spotlight Spend half a million dollars still don't sound tight Bring truth to the light I write rhymes for the under Blunt smokin' bottle crackin' all day slumber Who wouldn't give a fuck if the world fell down As long as I can twist a fat one and pass it around Mr. X to the Z from the Likwit Crew LA to Elviaire with my man EQ Coming live and direct with your neck like this Come home and smoke a spliff in the Benz with Swift I stay fucked up Hook [Del] Lyrically ingenious my flows are intravenous Kids are squeamish  When they attempt to refless  I'm the Apex  Shows get rocked half the words ? Hold your glock your whole goal is props You'll never get 'em My rhythm just fluctuates  You can't O.D. no matter how much you take I rush your plates  Crack your lenses clean like Benzene  Cool like Menthol  My shits the end all Majorly gain your speed slow your role  You lie and like Pinochio your nose will grow Let's go Underground compress co Bust these jewels these diamonds out  But still some of these niggas don't know what we rhymin' bout Mine in doubt  Traversing' the Earth like zombies  And rocks your dirty laundry Presented to the world as comedy Del rips it honestly that's why the girls are found of me And don't be squandering your little flow You ain't got many  You're fly spinning We constitution  You seek contribution from Del for usage  Over these acoustics I take time out for use of  Harkus representing proof in you walkman Lockin' competition out of studios Everyday I live is like a musical  Create my own score  More funkier than Shaft on my musical path Hook [Casual] They like "ooh. Don't say that." When it's lay doe A dat Competition where they at? I diss 'em Steady at the rhythm  Like a pilot I keep you silent Through the turbulence words will get violent Mega doses exposes is flagellant composes All you get is roses on your grave you misbehave  It's the brave courageous lyrically contagious Spiritually engage with the psychedelic waves of An Egyptian We rips then Cover the mic like the sun we eclipsin' Cause no light shine through a flow like mine Casual might ignite the mic for pastime With one style older than the sundial My elaborate connection of words is fun how I display, dismay this way gettin' bissy Crackers show off the top while I'm hittin' a J My immaculate style attackin' with nouns and verbs  for the wack it gets foul Got a Full Metal Jacket off rhymes to press  To manifest under pressure  Past style a lyrical treasure Never the less I get fresher It's involital my biological make up composes of flesh and blows Will dispose of all  When they appear in my crystal ball  I know you wish I fall "Yes y'all" Hook The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Gorillaz f/ Del the Funky Homosapien Album: Gorillaz Song: Clint Eastwood Typed by: phat_slug_666@hotmail.com [2D] I ain't happy, I'm feeling glad I got sunshine, in a bag I'm useless,but not for long The future is coming on I ain't happy, I'm feeling glad I got sunshine, in a bag I'm useless, but not for long The future is coming on It's coming on It's coming on It's coming on [Del] Riiiiiiight Yeah... Ha Ha! Finally someone let me out of my cage Now, time for me is nothing cos I'm counting no age Now I couldn't be there Now you shouldn't be scared I'm good at repairs And I'm under each snare Intangible Bet you didn't think so I command you to Panoramic view Look I'll make it all manageable Pick and choose Sit and lose All you different crews Chicks and dudes Who you think is really kickin' tunes? Picture you gettin' down in a picture tube Like you lit the fuse You think it's fictional Mystical? Maybe Spiritual, hero who appears in you is a clearer view cause you're too crazy Lifeless To know the definition for what life is Priceless For you because I put you on the hype shit You like it? Gunsmokin' righteous with one token Psychic among those Possess you with one go [2D] I ain't happy, I'm feeling glad I got sunshine, in a bag I'm useless, but not for long The future is coming on I ain't happy, I'm feeling glad I got sunshine, in a bag I'm useless, but not for long The future is coming on It's coming on It's coming on It's coming on [Del] The essence the basics Without it you make it Allow me to make this Child, like in nature Rhythm You have it or you don't that's a fallacy I'm in them Every sprouting tree Every child apiece Every cloud you see You see with your eyes I see destruction and demise Corruption in disguise From this fuckin' enterprise Now I'm sucking to your lies Through Russel, though not his muscles but the percussion he provides with me as a guide But y'all can see me now cos you don't see with your eye You perceive with your mind That's the inner So I'm gonna stick around with Russ and be a mentor With a few rhymes so mother fuckers Remember where the thought is I brought all this So you can survive when law is lawless Feelings, sensations that you thought were dead No squealing, remember That it's all in your head [*last line whispered*] [2D] I ain't happy, I'm feeling glad I got sunshine, in a bag I'm useless, but not for long The future is coming on I ain't happy, I'm feeling glad I got sunshine, in a bag I'm useless, but not for long My future is coming on It's coming on It's coming on It's coming on It's coming on My future is coming on It's coming on It's coming on It's coming on It's coming on My future is coming on It's coming on It's coming on It's coming on It's coming on My future is coming on It's coming on It's coming on My future is coming on It's coming on It's coming on My future is coming on It's coming on It's coming on My future ... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Gorillaz f/ Del the Funky Homosapien Album: Gorillaz Song: Rock The House Typed by: tphai@hotmail.com [ Del the Funky Homosapien ] I know you like that You wanna try that It's like a flashback So shake your ass crack I got the balls to Rock the salsa Funk the blues-a Any groove to Make you move cos Taking you to Another landscape It's my mandate I'm highly animated even though I'm decomposing So if your feet is frozen I'ma die to see you ropin' And when the MC rhyme and the DJ spin I want y'all to just get down Now when the MC rhymin' and the DJ cuttin' I want y'all to just get down And when the MC rhyme and the DJ spin I want y'all to just get down Now when the MC rhymin' and the DJ cuttin' I want y'all to JUST GET DOWN Tap your toes and clap your hands (How many people ready to rock the house?) Come on trace the globe and shake your pants (How many people ready to rock the house?) Just twist your hip and do the dip (How many people ready to rock the house?) Come on shake and bake do whatever it takes (How many people ready to rock the house?) Graviational pull I have you making a fool Out of yourself on the dance floor Doing back spins running man and more Party down with Vigga and Candor Coming to the jam Or look like a landlubber And do the aqua boogie Win lots of goodies maybe Pop a Gucci wallet turntables is talking to me It's awfully groovy Seeing all the treasure and the booty And when the MC rhyme and the DJ spin I want y'all to just get down Now when the MC rhymin' and the DJ cuttin' I want y'all to just get down And when the MC rhyme and the DJ spin I want y'all to just get down Now when the MC rhymin' and the DJ cuttin' I want y'all to JUST GET DOWN Tap your toes and clap your hands (How many people ready to rock the house?) Come on trace the globe and shake your pants (How many people ready to rock the house?) Just twist your hip and do the dip (How many people ready to rock the house?) Come on shake and bake do whatever it takes (How many people ready to rock the house?) I wanna get down lower than Atlantis Going toe to toe with an enchantress Get funky we've been funkadelic wearin' Pampers While you eggheads is on the wall preparin' answers Sharing transcripts while we over here Dipping and dancin' Rhythm romancin' Wallflowers Giving no action no All hours we chillin' and max the flow\ Relaxing Opposites attracting I'ma toss my hat in Floss when the track spin Like I'm on a crack bend Jigging and wiggling Freakin' booties speakin' to the cuties so belligerent No religion just bump the feed on You'll feel reborn Negativity we just dead it like decoy Better lift your feet and just measure the beat on The pulse when it respawns Tap your toes and clap your hands (How many people ready to rock the house?) Come on trace the globe and shake your pants (How many people ready to rock the house?) Just twist your hip and do the dip (How many people ready to rock the house?) Come on shake and bake do whatever it takes (How many people ready to rock the house?) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Handsome Boy Modeling School f/ Alex Karpranos, Barrington Levy, Del  Album: White People Song: The World's Gone Mad Typed by: dehx@irapida.com.br [Barrington Levy] Where's the love Where's the love Where's the love Where Cause the world's gone bad we've lost the love we had [Del Tha Funky Homosapien] Hey look kids you need to change your tune That avenue you traveling unraveling soon You'll be battling doom but does it matter to you Worried bout who was laughing at you Your appearance is more important that whats really real cause here it is situation's bad not meaning good A lot be in the hood that got me with nowhere to put my trust in no discussion Spontaneous combustion Lust and greed if you ain't up to speed You's a duck in need Cats ain't got enough to eat So there's bluffs and beef Chicks up the street That tricks come to see guns under the sheets Shells pummel your meat Forgetting former, still dude you're sorta chill sitting on bout 40 mill But his whole quart'll get spilled Over those sort of deals That get you sorta killed or up in court looking for appeals [Barrington Levy] Cause the world's gone bad we've lost the love we had Take me away Cause the world's gone bad we've lost the love we had [Alex Karpranos] So down I want to go So cold I have to go So down I need to go So cold as I go [Del Tha Funky Homosapien] Yo what up fam You don't know who I am Last week you was acting like you was my man But you wasn't hey Served you're purpose dog At the end of the day Is it worth it all Immersed in all the worth the world got to offer But perpetrating proper like nothing can stop ya Can't even trust my doctor she in it for profit And everybody looking for some kind of profit Situation mad toxic my man got hit Cause the bird he was with wouldn't stop squawking She juggling five cats and they all lost in The illusion of love that she used for profit The usual topic chickens and benjamins You supposed to be my kin Mexican or Asian, European or Korean or Jamaican Makes no difference Our existence is still shared between us in essence [Barrington Levy (Alex Karpranos)] Yes the world's gone bad we've lost the love we had (Take me away) Cause the world's gone bad we've lost the love we had Show some love for your brothers and sisters Show some love for the whole wide world Show some love for your enemies and frenemies Show some love for the rejects on the street Show some love for the whole wide world Cause the world's gone bad we've lost the love we had [Del Tha Funky Homosapien] If the world is bad refer to your dad And his before four score what's the reason he saw for Karma is real part of the deal when's how you started the deal Cause everything is 360 It will start the cartwheel and snowballs so don't forget now cause I told y'all Dead the hate cause all it do is hold y'all captive All in the world you're trapped in Relaxing you can't feel what's happening I deal with facts man I was at the crossroads dealing with lost souls that couldn't cross though Lost hope off dope Out to jostle Any unweary traveler that would fall the talk show It's foul how they play it But you can't stray to show love take Courage and strength and realize we ain't sure as we think you know [Barrington Levy (Alex Karpranos)] The worlds gone bad we've lost the love we had (Take me away) Yes the world's gone bad we've lost the love we had [Alex Karpranos] So down I want to go So cold I have to go So down I need to go So cold as I go [Barrington Levy] Cause the world's gone crazy Even though love no more Show Love Show Love Show Love Show Love Show Love Show Love Cause the world's gone bad The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Hieroglyphics Album: Full Circle Song: 7 Sixes Typed by: goro22@comcast.net [Domino] Before we get outta here, I got this track I want y'all to wreck on Gimme 6 lines...6 lines...that's all I need [Pep Love] Alright, ok I write in the light of day and in the night for pay, nigga! You my main motherfucker, right? You duck and hide when Pep Love touch a mic Out the back door If you ain't got that dough I'll click clack blow and kick down doors I roll backwood trees with that emerald green When I'm on the scene, chillin with my nigga Rolls gettin blown Watchin ladies with them pretty eyes and straight teeth Sittin' in my ride, playin make belief Like that's my car! That's my girl! I'ma go up to my house in the hills after I burn one I write rhymes for the fun of it But give me all my money or your gonna be facin capital punishment I'ma soldier of fortune My style is extortion And I'm gorging more than a portion [Tajai] Take an excoursion, oceanography odyssey-D Ballin' 3-D You don't wanna see me, not for one second! Not for one bar on one record You think you come hard, then come test it I'll turn a threat into a confession I'll turn a mic into a blunt weapon Make you forget what you was once reppin' See I'm a bass drum beater Mad high hatter Ensnare the snare with this here Choke the life out 'it Revive it and vitalize 'it Prop it up propper so you guys'll idolize it I'm not at all suprised that you're modelled after my shit The masterminds is ahead of whatever the times is! [Casual] You niggaz saps...maple leaf All your raps is make believe I get an eighth and breathe like I'm Toni Braxton Get up on the action...you gettin no reaction Slowly stogie packin' Lean back one foot up Your style is put up My turn to burn good up You're boring...I'll suffocate you while you're snoring 'Kill 'em Softly' like Lauren You spit and I'm pouring My flow's adequately hydrated And I waited to vibrate it It's live ain't it! Fuck with me, get stuck with cutlery Luxury, I'm living luckily! [Opio] Music is my sanctuary (it's my life!) They shootin blanks My every round is a live one Surviving the mind numbing propaganda Eyes closed with blindfolds Handcuffed and ambushed, struck by the lightning bolt (oh shit!) I'm comin out your plasma screen like 'The Ring' Make excellent cadavers of your fascist regime Cause I grab the mic and niggaz couldn't understand Why I'm fuckin' up your summer jam like the son of sam And punishin' Dressed in black with a skull on chest And holdin' my nuts exposin my 5-star general That's spittin flow...unpredictable Ricochetin' The shit gets bullseye We hit 'em...ohh! [Del] Velcome all vulnerable vocalists Visualize vivid verb play in my vortex Virtually, no verse'll be vinnin ova me...they vapor My verbal voltage vanquishes Parental advisory Vamoose...I'll vick your vitality Vindictive with voodoo Valiantly save the virgin from the viper Vanglorious vide vorld of volcanic violence Your vessel gets violated over the velm Veracious, vivacious Veto your village voice Void your vibration Vultures got me vergin' on vomitin' they vishfullness Get's met with visciousness Every verb's visceral This is no kiss under the mistletoe A clip will cripple foes Crucifix for (mental?) cliques Triple 6...flipped...now it's 9 Now it's time for vertigo Reverberate for your convertible [Phesto] Yeah...yeah Hard nose in the contest like Ron Artess The con artist Bombard 'em and start 'em in Vangar (?) shit Get serious...grown from expeirence, and our shit A lyricist to the tissue...bones and cartilage My fare for the hair raising Razor sharp with rare phrasing Perfectly scripted like Scorcese's 'Raging Bull' Lanky like Hiralanko (?) Paid in full I skipped grades in school Exhume verb and further with no sherm (?) on the burner Mostly Turkish hash on the purple grass in the sterling Wave your checkered flags, I'm world class in the derby Paragraphs off the flow chart topsy-turvy [A Plus] Yeah...every day A respresent With a weed habit affecting the trade defecit They ain't never met...nobody like me Til they comin' in from work...see me holdin they wifey In the 80's, I was spoken ice Not from diamonds, but rhymin' and flowin precise Type of nigga that get ya scolded politely It really wouldn't show if I was holdin' That's why no one would fight me Bush bombed Afghanistan with the missles And it still ain't puttin' my hash man outta business Hieroglyphics, we feelin' stand to the finish Full Circle on you niggaz...don't forget the bitches! [Domino] Wooo...yeah, that's what I'm talkin about! Y'all did that! Couple y'all kicked ass It's cool...we out! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Hieroglyphics Album: Full Circle Song: Classic Typed by: goro22@comcast.net * * send corrections to the typist [Tajai] It's the linch crane (?) Lynching Antsy inchin' bit by bit chompin'at the bit My shot's inaccurate for profit Passionate for profit Cashin' in, that's the shit Lyrical laxative Runnin off afta' Never relaxing...lashin' Different than the last one So let's see.. Chocolate dipped nuts, I'm nestle milk World Wrestling Federation built Y'all are complacent still? Display some skill! My word placement first place If not I verse basic My complex...is complex Balance in check No comment with comparable talents as yet There's always a first Yet, there's always a verse And always a hurse, so they always disperse Tails tucked.. Who, why, when, where, what? And how...sorry but not with that style! I'm fond of fondling these tatless tactile (?) Cats until they tapped out Put that down...cause I put that down Yeah I do that there Why you act scared? Talkin bout 'who that there'...I'll knock 'em out! If you ain't ship shape keep your shit shut 'Fore I shift shape, leave this shit shut Closed up...sucka get your pose up! You hold down...what's the hold up, huh? [Hook] [Del] Uh, somethin' ya do when you're fire resistant An ion intrinsic instantaneous lenses (?) Diablo, domino effect wobble, stumble.. Tryin' to follow? Ask Pollo, dumbo! Need a model? Taj will assault silicone Reverberate with realer tone Fill in holes till it hurt deep in your bones I mean really drill it home to your inner zone [Pep Love] We put in the work to make your body jerk We won't shirk the duty of makin you shake your gluteus maximus Yeah, that's what's up! The music is movin', you need to be catchin' up Classical massacres occurs in a flash, a blur Smashin' our hammer Then when we clash with words Adrenalin rush shatter you fragile gentlemen When I hit 'em up with agile style Venom and change the game like two ways did pagers And 2Pac did before the plagerist came Sword swing around, we not horsing I'ma do mine, you do your thing Hieroglyphics is monolithic Chronicle and I careen in on a collision course to contradiction God is listenin' We collage, analyze with the touch of a brush to paint this picture I'm heart felt with the texture of velvet My art propellin'...the wax start meltin' We makin' the matrix break to this And motivatin' the shake...complacentness Mixed of many maneuvers We get blitzed and the groove is deep as it gets to reap benefits From Oakland to Brooklyn The language spoken...broken and crooked You know how we do it! [Hook] [Del] Uh, somethin' ya do when you're fire resistant An ion intrinsic instantaneous lenses (?) Diablo, domino effect wobble, stumble.. Tryin' to follow? Ask Pollo, dumbo! Need a model? Taj will assault silicone Reverberate with realer tone Fill in holes till it hurt deep in your bones I mean really drill it home to your inner zone The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Hieroglyphics Album: 3rd Eye Vision Song: Del Typed by: cyclonis@hotmail.com [Casual] Drop some new shit on 'em them Let's drop some new shit on 'em [Opio] Drop it on 'em Cas [Casual] Some brand new new shit Going [Del] Yeah, this D-E-L in the house And Hieroglyphics crew Down wit' Matt Kelly, A-Plus, Domino Man, we about to kick this little shit right here on my down time on the  album Check it out MC's is too promiscious so if you fuss I'ma be the next to bust and take you on the Exodus Wreckless Checklist, ain't nobody next to us Step to us and get reduced to a speck of dust  Fuck the hellala detectives with they secret societies We speak wit' variety So stand back Before you caught in my sand traps Hilarious you better vary it, you bury it Go along with your merriment  Hiero getting ever cent And we earned it, and burned it In your brains like brands And now, everyone demands Del and his entourage and you can all get squashed He mosh it up, we mega and vicious Magnificent Fuck the whimsical misteral We stiffed through competitors and regulate  And make you hesistate you better wait Time to set it straight You never take a flow for granted Cause what you ain't peeping Is equal to what we call "sleeping" Slumbering and fucking cumbersome Keep the tabs on them tongues And let the bomb numb your lungs Yeah Cranialologist  The zany novelist The tactical graphical With lyrics for capital After you, high speed chase To erase All existing life forms and drive 'em to free base [Coughing] Hieroglyphics The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Hieroglyphics	 Album: One Big Trip Song: G.U.O.M.D	 Typed by: Opvliegend_vliegje@hotmail.com * * send corrections to the typist [Opio] Yeah, downhill, the cobwebs and the spiders You know what I'm saying (oh please oh please) Mega Blast Mega Blast Mega blast Someone called me a veteran, terrestrial I'm extra In my temple, resemble, nothing that you've seen before I see suckaz stretching, what the fuck you preaching for? Eyes like a eagle, or a hawk when I'm peeking your Skid bitch talk, might get him shot, outlined in chalk Diamonds in a pint box, I'm not the executioner like Roc Raida But cutting on the fader, suckaz bussing at their neighbour I wish we had a saviour, but that sounds like cowardness The power is in all of us, that's why they distorting us I keep a heater in my sleeping quarters like my grandpa does If I hear a tweak crack, I cock shit back, I live in paranoia, plus I smoke Marihuana, and that makes it worse, when I get to put it in my verse. If it sounds like I'm stressing, then you're quite perceptive You'll never evaporate my essence Fuck an accolade from a punk magazine They're all fags and queens Grab machines and start shooting up (prrrrrrrrrrrt) Who's paper stands like bad dreams? I rock baggy jeans, white T's and white tennis shoes I hate doing interviews! Let my record speak, impeccable technique, break bread Get some head from some rich rapper's freak That's an everyday occurrence, while you looking like a tourist You get jacked in LA, ante up in Brownsville  The town's still looking for ya, to put 'em on ya Bury you like an Arian in Soprani (?) Carrying big shit, clips for Annie Vigilante, you ain't fit to catch me Oh please, oh please, oh please Just get up off my dick ! (3x) Catch a Mega blast, Mega blast, Mega blast Oh please, oh please, oh please Just get up off my dick (3x) Catch a mega blast, mega blast, mega blast [Del] Del Diablo, follow my footprints Just like the Yeti, bet you'll get a whooping Bad, a skeleton, frame, I'm telling you Aim, you better have Claimed your epitaph Lay down, niggaz parade around Centre stage, the crowd of what A mile, pal, hear, you better and here Register fear, I thought you said you wasn't scared [A-Plus] Yeah, rappers in their boots trembling Loose and feminine, hanging with the wrong crowd Here's a noose to fit em in, talking like a officer Nigga you'se a gentlemen, you dead if you been disrespecting the crew's Emblem, scoop diffidence until I got loot like Eminem or Timbaland Keep looking like Snoop was living in , jealous corny rapping fools get schooled I'm hearing them, they're minimum, hieroglyphics here they come You catch a mega blast [Chorus] - 2X [Tajai] Yeah, this is how we moving baby, an original plan Manipulate the sounds, with invisible hands ,psycho terrorism  propaganda, mind control, now come 'on throw your hands up My rap gets on his haunches, we in the meat market Sharking, perfecting cuts is the starches Most determined, burning, burning Don't nobody wanna see these thangs ,man We bang, 'til ya CD changed, my take off be Straight up, just like an off spree, like beans my offspring, thought up the mic feenz, dissolving in strike teams, collateral damage is costly my method of madness is that of a savage machine like automatic, if it seems like you want the static I let em have it, and rap it in fact, you get a havoc rapping attack Body and soul left attached, and from there there is no turning back, nigga [Chorus] - repeat to end The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Hieroglyphics Album: One Big Trip Song: Hydra Typed by: opvliegend_vliegje@hotmail.com * * send corrections to the typist [Opio] I'm a shady ass fool I stick a machete in the back of Your encaged, trying to disengage the blade just to save Your life, caught a knife, backstabbed again Jealous, want your cabbaging, yelling out How I break out the mack ten, fully automatic then start spraying up shop like the crooked cops squeezing the trigger like Ice T It's magical, how the shiesty ones gradually metamorphosise Right before your eyes and then flash on 'em [A-Plus] I get cold sweat, every morning Waking up from nightmares, about heaven being This padded room, that god send, I'm never leaving I wonder if I'm dead or breathing, I think he's punishing me Cuz I think people look better bleeding I praise, for Prozac and Codeine To keep my mind floating, hoping I don't hurt somebody for nothing I praise, I remember brighter days,before I was abducted by the grace And now my mind's a maze, understand [Del] I be strong in the Berkeley streets Searching for meat and trashcans with assorted leftovers A face for closure, the home of mind roams is known Amazes, thinking about the days I rhymed( I could've made it ) I can't accept panic swept, I'm an arsonist Leaving the Oakland hills, smoke filled, I'm deadlier than arson it Down at lake Merritt, setting ducks on fire, watch the fluttering flab I'm on the run, fuck the priors [Chorus: repeat 2X] Five hands is better than one Instead of just won, when you see me you better run They try to say that I'm crazy, but I'm normal Y'all crazy [Tajai] They say I'm bonafied, infantile talented Not commended enough to be committed, but in balance I lost my parents as a kid Nobody's really certain if their deaths were an accident That gets me laughing, you're all just victims for the assassin Using drugs is suppressive, but I can't surpass 'em The killa cats are catching, I wanna see the whole world in ashes Only then will I be happy [Casual] They got my attitude switching, conditions my brain Moving fast and I'm twitching of this prescription drug, eviction Trying to maintain the same But everything 's against the grain So it don't make sense to complain I'm convinced that my brain is tensed from this strain of stress Wanderin your town, with intense of pain, and yes I like to do things until my mood swings I'm like fuck that, y'all niggaz is strange! [Chorus] - repeat to end The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Hieroglyphics Album: 3rd Eye Vision Song: No Nuts Typed by: cyclonis@hotmail.com [Del] Del meister, bout to heist the hijacking, come back Listen to this, peep it The transfixer, reprimand your bland fixtures Replenishing with my menacing sentencing Up inside this, oblige with guidance From the funk expanding verb triton I glance upon the multitudes of weak and seek To organization concentration camps so they can get lobotimized Fuck so bad, you feel sodomized Time for words to be colonized To keep regards tall in size Erecting the best things in life My flows composed of foe-sas My enemies cheese in my face and embrace my palm I hella spurn, but my face is calm Keeping the hip-hop scene vibrant I come alive with good tide, it's fine, and MC's silent Milestones in Hiero history Led you wishin' we was never released, at least Even if our demo tapes add to the myth of Hiero's gifts Those that don't agree is just pleading the Fifth Proceeding to enscript the code that makes your brain overload and implode Too much imagination got you facing defeat Quit rhyming cause to wasting the beat It's Del with my diabolical follow-ups And logged to augmentated tales that keep you mind tensing With interest, and that was just an entrance Chorus: Save it, put it in your pocket for later It's all greater, I'ma do you a small favor Deliver want we call beta For ya'll and your neighbors With Del on the mic, and Rob on the fader Wait up, hold up, Hiero got it sewed up You know butt, Del is coming through with the cold cuts Competition shouldn't have even shown up with No Nuts We robust, Del is coming through with the cold cuts [Pep Love] The coldcuts Make the whole planet panic and when it blows up I hit'em again and again Trust no one The Hieroglyphic mics have been descrated by the likes of them And I don't know about that diplomatic shit I rather let it just crank when niggas be on the dick like a nympho I murder'em like hurdling obstacles It cause holocaust, all I got is word and balls I'm hot pepper, that you don't wanna taste to see So just watch me lace the beat gracefully And ain't a nigga got a thang to say My broken language slay niggas that came this way Aimlessly My automatic's spray reck havoc and mayhem If you got something to say, come to bay And get it off your chest Then put it to rest Another competitor bested Ready to, just shut the hell up Develop your skill, and get enveloped still With my nigga Del up, to bat turn, yellow belly, and lilly livered We delivered the russian roulette You never know it might get you wet I'll make a issue out of that bitch, you turned to diss (WHO) Thee invincible, Hieroglyphics crew, I'll grab that ass by that braid and shock you like Raiden Wash you mouth out with dick, and keep skating pass The irrelvant punk that pump fiction But no, he don't want no friction I got a mic addiction that I don't wanna kick Mine's are original rhymes that are three-dimensional Inching up to the pinnacle and cranking my engine up And then I'm out with the middle finger up And a perpetual "S" on my chest, just to let you know We still the best Chorus: Save it, put it in your pocket for later It's all greater, I'ma do you a small favor Deliver want we call beta For ya'll and your neighbors With Pep on the mic and Jay on the fader Wait up, hold up, Hiero got it sewed up You know what, Pep is coming through with the cold cuts Competition shouldn't have even shown up with No Nuts We robust, Pep is coming through with the cold cuts The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Hieroglyphics (featured: Del the Funky Homosapien and Opio) Album: 3rd Eye Vision Song: Oakland Blackouts Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash "I don't know what makes that, that's why I need to you leave!  I'm very busy trying to discover a new science!" *echoes* [Opio] Yeahhh, beats like this you just can't peep It's a natural, international, not that same ol' shit Get split in half, figuratively speaking take a bloodbath when I run past MC's, drop the mic like the Sunsplash is in Jamaica, the heart-breaka lyrics like a stake through your left pectoral your shit is horrible I'm clean, like brand new Mo-Mo's on a Porsche and your shit is sittin on rims, let me begin to elaborate, rings on his hands like each finger was Saturn and the latest fashions but the same patterns kept flashin up in his rap, concerned with, glamorous tales of fatalities like he was Tarantino The analogy is that we know that Quentin write Fiction Fantasies, woven intricately, while I'm predicting every motion, them slight changes in your tone of voice is a toast to your parasitic choice of speak Leakin cold blood out the arteries if you bit Cause we done said it, you can't configurate like the great Hieroglyphics resistance we incinerate Lit it up, now I'm fin to cut Peep the demonstration of uniqueness [Del]	It could be fatal wait'll Del come back out 	and act out emotions in Oakland Blackouts [Opio]	Don't you ever forget, it could be fatal 	Wait'll O come back out, and act out emotions in Oakland Blackouts [Del the Funky Homosapien] Hurrah, here come Del to dispel the blahs Cause and effect, pause for respect collection Diction friction, depicting violence Volatile with my profile, like Molotov's MC's must be on auto-pilot, waddle silent like some platypuses, Del is down with data pushers with top secret floppy disk and battle armor and mega Plus all the rhymes that I'm bangin are double-decker, to check ya [Opio] Electri-fying, defying laws of gravity (what?) Avidly rapidly firing lyrics I'm shattering the abdominal cavity, then I'm travelling out the spinal Finalizing your paralysis on the microphone (what?) The catalyst is the capital L-I-N-D-S-E-Y MC's try to test but they mind gets blown [Del]	Don't you ever forget, it could be fatal 	Wait'll Del come back out, and act out emotions in Oakland Blackouts [Opio]	Don't you ever forget, it could be fatal 	Wait'll O come back out, and act out emotions in Oakland Blackouts [Del the Funky Homosapien] Ain't no MC hurtin me, matter of fact you work for me Havoc stricken palladiums made me numb to anything you speak to desecrate the great Hieroglyphics And with it goes the flows that chop egos, to segments Behind the decimal points, I point backwards when you lack words you toil but boil I coil clowns all around, repellin sellin statues of wack groups Statues for Hieroglyphic travellers Any lackluster MC's I mallux ya, right on your cranium crack it Bust your teeth through your limbs and then tip you over If you know of Del, well then I ill constantly with consonants, followed by nouns and make mounds of manuscripts to whip challengers, that ain't too talented, so before I reach my destintation let's waste some MC's for fun (yeah) I understand the fans needs so I feed em smorgasboards so they can gorge and MC's can gouge they eyes out, from the teargas emitted from my tongue, leaving fans sprung And for the crews who high-strung, eat dung (ewww) They just gnats and ticks, bugging me (bzzzzzzz) Hugging me nuts in a cuddly clutch, my Hieroglyphic theory is validated by facts Dilated the tracks, so they wide and fat Violated the wax, but colonized the wise words with more enzymes ten times nutritional Unintentional, my flows just go there, yeah [Opio]	Don't you ever forget, it could be fatal 	Wait'll Op come back out and act out emotions in Oakland Blackouts [Del]	Don't you ever forget, it could be fatal 	Wait'll Del come back out and act out emotions in Oakland Blackouts [Opio]	Don't you ever forget, it could be fatal wait'll Souls come back out 	and act out emotions in Oakland Blackouts [Del]	Don't you ever forget, it could be fatal wait'll ? come back out 	and act out emotions in Oakland Blackouts [Opio]	It could be fatal... wait'll Cas come back out 	Time to scam all you MC's [Del]	Yeahhh, yeah, it could be fatal 	Wait'll Pep and Jay-Biz come back out, hahaha [Opio]	YouknowhatI'msayin? ... Just wait *cut and scratched* "My rhyme will remain Hieroglyphic" The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Hieroglyphics (feat. Casual, Del, Tajai, A-Plus -- interludes Extra P) Album: 3rd Eye Vision Song: Off the Record Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Whooh! Yeah It's the ones you know about The famous, magnificent Hieroglyphics, mega Always on the mic for MC's who really don't know what we doin It's time to do it up We got Cas, we got Del, we got Tajai, we got A-Plus C'mon y'all, PLEASE can we get busy?? [Casual] I put my pencil to the paper and watch lighting strike Casual, the innovator, in a state of advancement MC scolder, breakdancin on the lake when it freeze over; so much game, I told her I'm a disease holder and I still hit it Bust a nut in her eye and made her deal with it The straight bump, y'all, yeah you best agree Whatever that sess do don't let you come next to me Mentally, I'm compatible with Macintosh And I can get a niggaz' bitch, in the sack with floss Hop on the microphone, actin lost Unaware, unprepared, then I bust off the top and niggaz get scared [interlude one] Uhh, now I told y'all I wasn't playin It's Hieroglyphics in here Now that's Cas, now you know that's how it was, That's How It Is We bout to do it with my next man, A-PLUSS [A-Plus] A to the, Plus must do ya, bust through ya defenses with lyrics mentally muscular Holdin down like cement shoes, to make you drown right This is what we do if we the crew you SOUND LIKE I can't stand a person bitin someone's creativity I have so many styles that you can take one as a gift from me It's like deja vu whenever you pop they tape in Lyin more than Satan, fallin off like they was ice skatin Trying to get they mic taken, you get scolded and chastized, my holy mic, is baptized Givin flatlines to you rap guys and still send you back with black eyes, on the mic you tellin fat lies [interlude two] Now if I'm the teacher I gotta give that a A-Plus youknowhatI'msayin? Now let's make room for the man, the myth The Great Great Granddaddy of Hieroglyphics, Del [Del the Funky Homosapien] Hold up, stop the presses, this just came in Del's done it again, you gotta get his name in He's, infallible in battle flows and battle royals collects all the spoils of soiled celebrities Shape my fantasy as the form, lyrical oddessey It's not modesty, I show my ass for all to see Polishin wax with facts sharp like tacks to stop your, heart like cracks rip, apart the tracks Ahhhhhhh [interlude three] Na-na-na-na-now you know that's self explanatory Now we bout to get busy with my man Tajai Break out your notebooks and your pads Listen real closely to what this brother has to say [Tajai] I kick the, ? like dialect It's sacrilege, steppin in the sanctuary of the sacrosanct Do not, desecrate acquiesce before I dessicate all your flows and leave you dry as, bones It's awful how I decimate, but also awesome People say that they saw somethin they cherished they lives long when I expectorate upon a song To be honest number one's what I expect to rank Not for just the crown jewels or scepter Out for justice, and exposition of the rest as jesters with they lackluster compositions Suckers in estrus, thinkin that Heiroglyphics won't fuck you? [interlude four] Oh my goodness, I told ya Once again, it's Hieroglyphics We got the smooth lineup, Tajai, A-Plus, Del, Casual They just to' it up, forget about it, leave it alone It's Hieroglyphics from here on out You don't know what you're doin And me, I'm the Extra Prolific, Whiz Kid Y'all can't mess with this, leave it alone Drop ya pen, it's time that we go on Let us alone y'all, can't fade this You know how we do it... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Hieroglyphics Album: 3rd Eye Vision Song: One Life One Love Typed by: cyclonis@hotmail.com (Chorus) Energy that we exchange is imperative Intricate so simple Life is the spirit and the body is the temple One Life One Love Tell me this are you prepared to live Energy that we exchange is imperative Intricate so simple Life is the spirit and the body is the temple One Life One Love [Casual] All they seen was one hand bust through the white sand Illuminating the land with liberation And mysterious, ferociously, serious black man Experience the urban warfare of fully strapped assault As an angel hoping my benevolence will change you Singing folklore of the poor Natural born warrior Since the days of Spain was ruled my the Moors Then again, before your existence Imhotep The presenter of the mystics Geometry, trigonometry statistics It's simplitics embedded in my bloodline Just like the pain of my forefathers The chains of slavery remains Behaviors we obtained in days that we were slained and tortured Tormented and scorned Shackles on my feet, feeding me pork Lashes on my back, lost my family Not to belittle the middle passage calamity I gotta make decisions Cause I keep havin' visions of flight bombing politicians On some midnight marauder missions It gets harder They shut down your energy, cut off your water Close the gas station, food supply shortened Dying of starvation and smoke ventilation I'm coming realer than you fairytale killers We disciplined, that's why no militias can get with us Sure, shot hit us from a thousand meters away All day [Del] Tomorrow, what you gonna do? Your past is haunting you You know what, I'ma tell as I'm sipping on this brew You know it's wrong and true So what you gonna do? The truth is long overdue 2X [Tajai] I'm talking bout Demolitions, ammunition No more propositions or petitions Seditions met with lynchings and whippings But they won't crush my wishes into submission Foresight courtesy of 3rd Eye Vision Tells me hit 'em Get 'em before they first force strike Meet in the black of the night Dodging ghetto pterodactyl lights Bring the full gats and precious metals if you true dat Get wise with medical supplies Conceptualize and plan Or get caught with your ass wide open And not get to ask "Why", I'm hoping you hear And I'm hoping your here For the millenium season opener I keep ample degrees up my sleeve For brothers who no longer breathe No reprieves Nothing but memories to retrieve Black babies disease Stomachs distended, arms out stretched For any care extended This is the flock to which I am attended But I'll do it I'm committed, commending All commandants vowing to be uncommon Fuck the promenade Underground and granite-strong, granted The path is jagged and long And we look raggied But I want more than this wall at my back in days Back we would have been mobile It's time to make power moves And put the all in all-powerful, all in all I can't close my eyes And I would be a coward too And so would you, so sir Are yor scared?, no sir I see answers to irradiate Eradicate this cancer They won't catch me playing patty cake with hands up You might catch me spraying But I think you better get them flight masks up [Voice] I'm ready [Pep Love] Yeah, ah huh One Life One Love Tell me this are you prepared to live? (Chorus) [Voice] I'm ready I'm ready The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Hieorglyphics Album: Full Circle Song: Powers That Be Typed by: goro22@comcast.net [Opio] They say I'm like Bruce Willis...Unbreakable, Die Hard Ture Sickness with this mic on the tripod But I'm not Chow Yun Fat Dig I'm still a pillar of stone Flows enter your skulls Mash on your whole malitia like I'm Hannibal Imagine you the antelope, and I'm the king of the jungle Animal instict...phenominal stamina Just think about a man on the brink of insanity And it's me! You not a rapper, you a movie star checkin who we are Be the coup d'tat...molotov cocktail Check and you'll get scarred and schooled regardless I'm marvelous majestic...no retarded shit All my power harnessin' My spoken word like a voltron sword And these palms pulse the arsenic Every medely...deadly! Come and spark with us [Tajai] When the instrumental begins The timid...they wince They know when it's gonna commence We bout to crush 'em Reach out and touch 'em Before they scream out We gonna pull these things out and bust 'em Rub 'em out like dry erase Thug it out like the United Snakes (sssss) It's us against the world Fuck popular opinion! They scoff cause we was different But we did it all for independence Now we gon' off 'em with a vengeance Hand on they heads! Paint the landscape ruby red With the nerve and will of a bunch of determined killers Who always make their marks, and never hesitate to spark Strike first, take their hearts with the right verse Cause confusion Never underestimate the power of illusion we usin' Start a whole revolution of music, man we do this! Shit it's all we know! [Chorus] X 4 The powers that be It's in you It's in me An Emcee That's all we know.. [Del] Whatever, I don't know why you even play yourself to that degree You laugh at me? Like I won't slap the teeth out your grill That's how I feel You out of order You about a quarter inch away from fist in face Your distant gaze makes me think your brain drifts away To a land of wonder, only to awaken by the sound of cannon thunder All of those damn assumptions! You a sad sack, mad wack Straight up and down ass-crack And that's that! Get a load of Del, I devise words well I be spittin globe Let the mission unfold Your just a pretty centerfold Hate to diss ya ho, but you're fictional I'm just kinda different yo...what I say is thought provoking! Not for joking See I know things they told kings While your hos cling to whatever the dough brings [Chorus] X 1 The powers that be It's in you It's in me An Emcee That's all we know.. [Pep Love] Hieroglyphics came triumphant reign...uncontained Runnin through the plains of some hunted slaves Emperors who were meant to be entered into the end of the world As we spin to the heat of the sun's temperature...hot! Distance measure how many flows I got Persistent pressure as we get this cheddar For the business and the betterment of my folks All my green stars mount up Ready let's go! We sustain out of Earth cause we came outta her The devils get slain when I sling slang Hotter then a lot of lava from Barbeta to Bahamas All the way to (some island?) We parl'in, clokcin dollars like good fellas Suckas get jealous cause we make lettuce and we still rebelious And the industry could never jail us All my niggaz free to be ourselves and our record still sell! This is hip hop Olympics Hieroglyphics the Dream Team Rappers livin outta they means, tryin to bling bling Get your fat chain stole! Get your whole crew exposed We done had them hos, dog! I'm magical and when I grab these flows Out the hat it blows 'em back to the last 3 rows We mashin, massive action-packed shit Hit 'em with a passion and that's it! [Chorus] X 4 The powers that be It's in you It's in me An Emcee That's all we know.. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Hieroglyphics Album: Third Eye Vision Song: You Never Know Typed by: miotch@angband.org (together) Hiero, y'all... [A-Plus] It's not a wrong thing to be addicted to the microphone like a heroin fiend I'll tell you one thing: You'll never catch me fronting As I proceed to give the people what they wanting [Opio] You're making some green... [A-Plus] But not for drama or fashion I'm stacking cash until I can get Moms a mansion [Opio] All from rapping? [A-Plus] Nah, man, there's many plans Like investing in land  It started all from impressing the fans With brand new flows And you know All the way from gangsta clones to weirdos Fools used those But we ain't tripping Give respect when you see this You need us,  or your raps underdevelop like a fetus [Pep Love] Those that know not doze And it shows When we broke out the knock Hos hopped out they clothes That's positive feedback Yep, The Prose I'm poised, we never pose, you'll never know >From '93 til infinity we've been inventive Creating the bump is our only incentive And it's been a long time since I feel I've been felt  But the only thing I fear is fear itself So you know what we gots to do Maybe could we keep it within the crew Like it should be? Never givin' out  We're livin' out our dreams If there's something I can't live without, That's my team You never knew... [Phesto] Hieroglyphics Hip-hop is vintage Underground like silos  Launching long-range ballistics World-renowned, we ground-breaking Musical boundaries Runnin' circles around emcees [Del] Del -- been rhyming for more than a decade Onto the next stage, while emcees need aid Stay paid, I'm still grade-A None of that tomfoolery As you can see this shit ain't nothing new to me Utterly hovering over other things material You're stuck in the here and now Plus you're sweating profusely -- here's a towel Your fears are now reality When I take your dream states And elaborate on how your team's fake With phony IDs, but sometimes I feel like Only I see through the charade you've made In today, but hey, tomorrow it's played And then they got a new fool in your place to be okayed [Phesto] Hieroglyphics  Hip-hop is vintage Invented in days back Rekindling in ways that many thought was lost In this contemporary maze of methods to floss We finding trees and trails to blaze Boundaries to cross We can be found beyond the bounds of reason Or earthbound, heatin' up the Coliseum [Opio] They rushed the stage full-throttle in Chicago Our brains interlocked Where fakin' emcees get caught with the 40-bottle Or get their chains snatched, pronto We unstoppable, droppin' flows in Toronto Maneuverin' through Vancouver and on to Japan  where they put major grands in my hand Follow... [Phesto] Straight from the heart we set apart from the rest an' Our perfection on the microphone was predestined World-renowned, we ground-breaking Musical boundaries Runnin' circles around emcees The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Opio f/ Del the Funky Homosapien Album: Triangulation Station Song: What's Wrong with This Picture Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash {*scratched 8X: "can I ask you somethin"*} [Opio] So easy to regurgitate the trash that they feedin ya Pervertin and distortin the truth through the mass media (uh-huh) Greedy addicts, who see me as savage Reverse psychology, I don't swallow easily Just stay flippin through my hustler's handbook (right) They told me follow the rules as you thrust into manhood (so) That's why today a nigga multi-dimensional Organic, I don't panic, I stay flexible [Del] Let's get real deep, past the naked eye Cause that's the first place to try to place a lie Obviously a waste of time You don't do what you say, that breaks divine What you say is fine, but my state of mind ain't the kind to take a line at face value How you presented your sentences, candy-coated I'm {?} then I'll try to get to the motive [Opio] The root of it all (the fruit of truth) Provides the proof (the vibe alive) for who (what) when (and why) And where is that, you better look inward Never find it outside yourself, potential  [Del] Man I'm seein somethin a little weird man [Opio] Yeah nigga they tryin to pull a fast one on you man [Chorus: Del] Is anything gone but this picture here Anything out of place that isn't clear Anything that don't belong in this picture here Can ya, see beyond what you given here? {*scratched 4X: "can I ask you somethin"*} [Opio] Fahrenheits to centigrade, ever since the 11th grade I penetrate the mind's eye like a straw through a glass of lemonade It's ele-men-tary If marijuana's so bad, what's this Zoloft they sellin me? You gotta be jokin, forgot I'm from Oakland If you hop out the roaster get shot up with holes, hmm Cause it's poverty out here, so the mob'll be out here For the American dream, how many lost in a year [Del] A hundred and fourteen and more fiend Proportion, black mortality casualty Gradually losin grips with reality When a child's view in violence so casually Callously, carousel of confusion Only comes to a halt with thoughtful conclusions I'ma weigh the pros and cons of what's goin on Decide whether to go beyond and go along [Opio] Don't follow the follower (yeah they be lollygaggin) Man they tell you they seen it all (and they probably haven't) And where is that, you better look inward Never find it outside yourself, potential  [Del] Yeah man next they gonna have you up in the spellbound lost'n'found [Opio] Yeah man, there's magical shit man, it's reality {*scratches to end*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Prince Paul f/ Del the Funky Homosapien Album: Handsome Boy Modeling School - So... How's Your Girl? Song: Magnetizing Typed by: Nature2QBC@aol.com [Del] *behind vocals* D-E-L he rips microphones D-E-L he can't leave it alone, can't leave it alone He can't leave it alone Ahh, D-E-L on the microphone, strike ya dome wit the hype poem Yeah, it's the type of shit ya like to get, get wit it Ah, such a beautiful beat I'm 'bout to destroy For all weak MC's ahh check it check it Back in your presence it's the pres Dispensing these rhymes like Pez Full color, high res I digest is high biased, alotta MC's ride my privates and I don't like it I'm the master in innovation, that ain't the ?reef? Well perhaps I'll bring it center stage then so you can peep My rap style fail safe that derail fakes They just a pale-make of my own chromosomes I'm a critically-acclaimed maniac that attack tracks On wax or drum machines, for your underlings Plus I leave performers wit an ornery, ?quarterly's? That'll turn your crew into disorderly's Assorted freestyles I drop at my disposal Make you move your mojo and bounce like a pogos In the club, they grub on tortitos from Toyo's A pitta and soda, and everything that's owed us Everybody's doughnuts rushin for cash Bustin ya ass, some losin just as fast I crash computers wit my viruses, fry your disk drive Wit wise words, suckas get on my nerves I'ma make you go "Hmmm", wet you like H2O My flow refreshes, need lessons Well we open for business if you dig this To all the bigwigs and labels sellin you fables Hey you, you ain't cuttin nothin, touchin my production Wit that pre-school rap, I say fuck them Hypnotizing, magnificent mind set Whenever I'm next, the shit you haven't tried yet Live shit, magnetizing, peep what I'm advertising My alliance got your third eye cryin D-E-L he rips microphones, D-E-L he can't leave it alone Can't leave it alone, he can't leave it alone Del, advancing dancing over beats Romancing microphones wit my glorious speech No shorts like BVD, I'm next like DVD I hit the metropolitan wit music I be modeling Showin off, goin off, wiggin Biggin up the town where I come up from, my humble beginnings The neo-narrator, creative care-taker I'm from the Five Flavors like Solar Flares on paper Don't go fold things, let's go smoke things Let dank or chocolate tai so we can all get high I touch any beat wit heat I pack Nigga, I frequent that In my never-ending quest see you scratch Speakin facts, we can rap Fuck scrappin and tappin, jaws I'm crackin Doors, open for brothers comin after me Fuck apathy, I ain't got time to blame the world for my problems I'm a grown fuckin man and I understand Plus knowledge being gathered, each day make me Speak this way, so get it The way that I spit it, critics couldn't never call me half-witted I'm the Riddick Bowe flowa for those in the know My logo represents thought-processing To keep em all guessin, wit these lyrical blessings Class is in session, class is in session Chorus "You can achieve the hypnotic state By saying those things in your mind To yourself that is said to you on the recording And then give yourself thirty suggestions That will change your attitude towards crude" [Del] Most MC's have much to do wit nothing I attack bigger issues, something to take with you Time is just a measurement of life So why waste time on the false, waste time on the mic Waste time on the high personas, we're on the Television tryin to get Del to listen To that garbage and gobbledy-good So I read a book, I prefer Manga wit Mega My repectable rhyme styles and textures Yes you're gettin extra Flex your little style, I fluctuate Too much to take in one sitting And I stun citizens Describing shit that we livin in That don't make a better sense I stick up kids who pick up bids And murderers deserving the same thing, I'm sick of this But meticulous wit metaphoric miracles of mind power Praying mantis techniques that wreck beats And pesky, prototypes that shouldn't made it off the assembly line Much less to their distributors they're miniature Mind states is immature and primative Talkin 'bout all the crack they cookin up, in the crib But you don't shock me, I see these things Don't participate wit the heartless, I'm an artist Who's bound to be out the roach-infested apartments Chorus 2x *replace "Hypnotizing" w/ "Magnetizing"* Don't cry, dry ya eyes 4x The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Prince Paul f/ Del, Dove (De La Soul) Album: Handsome Boy Modeling School - So... How's Your Girl? Song: The Projects (PJays) Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash "It may take a long time, but my house will last forever  - and it will have been worth it.  What are you going to build your house with?" [Dove] Yo I'm stayin where we gettin crazy love My noisy neighbors live just above me up in 13-A, there's drama e'ryday The Super say he gon' fix the heat for sure Tchk, I done heard it five times before Three locks on every door  - cause some folks got the tendency to take It ain't Beverly Hills, more like Stephanie Mills I never knew love like this could ever exist Four corners in your metropolis Yo it's the PJays pah! We exquisite like cars made in foreign See ain't a day out here, ever boring Where gunshots keep you up instead of heavy snoring Pipes dripping, instead of rivers pouring The elevator's broken down (daaaamn!)  and man I'm needin a lift Thank God we don't stay up on the twenty-fifth - floor, yo we ain't always at war It's a lot about the Projects I do adore Chorus: Dove, Del But you wouldn't understand it The PJays is like another planet Heavy like granite 	You wouldn't understand it 	The cops will catch you drawers down 	Red-handed, it's outlandish But you wouldn't understand it The PJays is like another planet 	You wouldn't understand it 	The cops will catch you drawers down 	Red-handed, it's outlandish "Yo it's the PJays.." 	{"cau.. cause where I come from.."} 	{"where we live is called the Projects" -> Pos} ".. The PJays.." 	{"cau.. cause where I come from.."} 	{"you might-might-might, might get done..") ".. The PJays.." 	{"cau.. cause where I come from.."} 	{"where we live is called the Projects" -> Pos} ".. The PJays.." 	{"cau.. cause where I come from.."} 	{"What was that you said?"} [Del the Funky Homosapien] Come to our projects bout fo' in the morning So I can tell you what be goin on there One block gunshots some hot stuff Sell it to you for a buck, boy that ain't enough! (C'mon) Handcuffs on your brotherman; my wife's wonderin When you gonna fix that tenant's plumbing man? I'm tired - this ghetto's cool, but it's on fire I see this fool with a crack pipe, lookin wired Hookers for hire (what?) look at the plywood (look!) on the building where termites is living (EW) My wife sleeps peacefully, it ain't easy to me cause I'm tripping off these peoples with they thievery Black white chicano - hell if I know Every guy know about the stolen cell phone I got the hook-up - police got me shook-up in court, can't even fart It's okay though, I got the building, that pay dough But some tenants act like they can say no (hey) I'm gettin older in my years Feel me? I got a folder worth of fears (yup) But it's cool, we gotta make it better (make it better) Don't take my sweater (c'mon) y'all make my head hurt I ain't even gonna finish this song, it's too long I'ma watch Cops, in my La-Z-Boy, in my thong Chorus The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Push Button Objects Album: 360 Degrees Song: 360 Degrees Typed by: illtown@rcnchicago.com * * send corrections to the typist [Movie Quotes Intro] Well this is the effect, all these films beginning ??? The kids are very impressionable. Three? They see all these films and they want to imitate their heroes. What heroes though? All they see is robbers, rapists, muggers, and murderers. I'm impressed, you're a killer. [Mr. Lif] Yo The plans' covered in asphalt The Lord told me that its man's fault  For perpetuating detrimental ways of living we can't halt Everything inside ya move You're caught inside a homicidal groove Where only the idle loose By violating one of life's most vital rules Thou shalt not But hell is a foul spot, where many are misinformed when they are taught And thus cherish the untrue Then die for the lies that they clung to Del and I were there when they hung you And as you swung to and fro  We asked, (where did the humane humans go?) With none in sight We're left to focus on the same stunning fight That spites the same force that put the sun in flight So I summon night The lack of light left some in fright And living in fear With something they couldn't bear I promise to tell the truth and the whole truth I solemnly swear [Chorus 3x] Left Right Up Down Diagonal Three-hundred and sixty degrees [Dj Craze scratches "three sixty degrees"] [Del the Funky Homosapien] Progression, the lesson I figure out which direction, then jettison Minimalize perplexion Flesh and bone, that's just a physical I got a spiritual Awareness, I have risen to Its not mystical, something that I listen to When these plastic motherfuckers try to get in-to My cypher, I ciphen they blood like they split in two Yeah, Del, repel, arduous The purest, give 'em service With no insurance Evil I see through, like cellophane Knowledge of self, that's why people see Del is strange They wanna humanize the most demonic dudes Apply harmonic rules Decide, who is the guy Americas' Just like a pair of glove Don't want to share with us Anarchy, tear it up [Chorus 3x] [Craze scratches "three sixty degrees"] [Mr. Lif then Del alternating stanzas] The new era, brings terror You wish the quality of life was better Peep the dilemma Yeah life's getting dimmer Stomachs' gettin' thinner But your souls keep you full, obesity is for sinners The sentiment lingers Low self-esteem hinders I tell my people 'bout slavery, no one remembers Maybe they ought to take a look in they mirrors Like Michael Jackson, and they actions gettin' clearer Beware, the imagery might scare ya If you ain't close to the source, then you don't like prosperity One or many waitin' in line for therapy But everyone bear a seed Pure as the air we breathe [Craze scratches "three sixty degrees"] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Souls of Mischief f/ Del the Funky Homosapien Album: No Man's Land Song: '94 Via Satellite Typed by: OHHLA.com Yeah Yeah, y'all niggaz don't know nothin about this What that nigga say? Enrich Oakland funk Hah, gonna take that shit serious [Verse One: Tajai] Man fuck an MC I got a tip that's fat and lengthy like a 40 pistol for your missus, baby she'll do me 'fore you miss this sporty shit whips your man senseless Them obese hits, with thick wrists, so spin them ten bits and come up, like these sucker punks won't even run up and speak, we the reason that your shit is called weak And y'all our liveliehood, as long as it's understood The crew be rippin this, and you be strippin this like it was hubs, why? Because we cuttin them dubs so fuckin fat, that you gotta bite that, we got it like that I'm not no type actor hoopster singer or nuttin We'll hook the track up, and I'll become the, decisive factor Yeah!! .. Y'all niggaz can't dream to think about this shit You can bite it But by that time it'll be too late cuz it's already been recited Come rip this shit [Verse Two: Del] Ha ha ha ha!! I try not to be, too tempermental Everything I do yes it's true it's meant for mental renovation With innovation laced it, embalmin fluid flew it through your speaker do it make you want to seek your soul like Nat King Cole, my shit is gold I hold a pole of polarity, like a wand and fondle phrases ages, before you ever heard a lion roar My minions were preparing for my birth to unearth the black core The pearl of persistance to keep your interest Keep evildoers outside with fences I make my rhymes audible and portable and sort it for the burst of energy cuz it's affordable of course there's more to throw, to the sharks, and modify the marks Perhaps I use a parable of Rosa Parks, on the front of the bus I don't discuss coming less than us Dirty devils never ques-tion us!! Yeah, Hieroglyphics in the house, Souls of Mischief Yeah check it out [Verse Three: A-Plus] It's the grill buster, the ill Plus-ter My skills must abominate, niggaz who ain't rhymin great I debate The situation's critical; the shit you say is pitiful Your skill tank is empty and my shit is full Went to school unleaded No one in this world ever said it Get beheaded by the crew dreaded, MC dicer, I'sa little bit wiser, but yo my shit is nicer The ill price you pay is this, I slice MC's with my greatest hits We take no shit in rap, that's it, you wack So get your ass on, nigga bomb Be in the cut 'fore I get my blast on Nigga earl's how you're comin at me, so I'ma brandish MC's Until they vanish with ease, causin damage with these Yeah!! Souls of Mischief in the house Hieroglyphics, Opio come rip this shit for the crew [Verse Four: Opio] Yeah, one two one two Who me?? Yeah see I'm only out for one thing Domination, encasin MC's chasing they dreams Evaded and slipped clean through the system mauled shaken-up and touchy cuz we dissed em Bitch you need to listen to this one The tension thickens, your heart rate quickens Damn near beatin out your chest, ya can't predict what's next I bet conviction is stressful, MC's that bite they wrestle with the mic, all night, hopin to recite Excite, captivate the crowd, make my momma proud, now and forever will I drain, Souls of Mischief supreme The crown tipped, to the side, you don't wanna collide A landslide victory for the team they all died Nigga, yeah, it's like that and-uh, it's like that and-uh It's like that and-uh [Verse Five: Phesto] A Hieroglyphics yeah Clearly distinguished from these incompetent niggaz playin possum with the mic, suckin peanuts Tryin to be Phes, freak it with a twist but missed, by a long shot, I hope they all flop I manipulate the mic as a concussive force No remorse for, preluckin MC's I couldn't be cut with, the keenest of blades Holstering the limits of pressing in it, projecting my image like a hologram, reanimatin MC's Shamrock deceased, base Phes jus dissipated the rest A waiting antihistamine is distressed and jaded Phes escalated as the mack of all trades Yeah, uh-huh Souls of Mischief, Hieroglyphics, throw your hands in the air c'mon! Yeah, you know we don't stop Oakland California, hah Lettin niggaz know!! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Souls of Mischief f/ Del, Casual Album: 93 Til Infinity Song: Limitations [Opio] Understand this man is the grand-est The mighty dreaded, niggaz step and get beheaded Shredded, left a battered broken man Chosen hand busted from the tussle from the mic which I ignite Like a pyromaniac don't play me that's not recommended, you're winded your girl lays me back and I attack the twat viciously Got it twitchin, she's a bitch to the dopefiend beat Hope we meet in the next lifetime For the strife I'm, the nigga with the better rhyme Hoes think I'm adorable, MC's think I'm oracle Foolish mortal, I got the flows so call your crew And crush the earth's crust because I bust Thunderous, I'm breakin niggaz down to dust The rhyme sorceror forces you to shout my praises Phenomenal phrases hit you like exploding razors [A-Plus] Now who put the West up on the map? Perhaps you should run laps, you're wack with a stack of dumb raps Thumbtacks mark your headquarters You're dead when I slaughter, and now your head's leaking red water You shoulda been a donor, I'm prone to bone ya hoe Though she know I can flow, cuz I showed her And now she's up on my shit, I'm slick I rhyme quick, and I'm the shit, dick Hieroglyphics in the house like punishment Who is running shit, A-Plus is the one to get foul, if you think I'm flippin on the man with the skills Niggaz get the dills, still Hieroglyphics sound the lights, surround the mics I pound the lights cuz they haven't found the light But I never taught ya discipline, feel my fist again If it's in your face, get a taste, cuz you commit the sin [Del] MC's should know their limitations, their limitations MC's should know their limitations MC's should know their limitations, their limitations MC's should know their limitations [Tajai] *singing* When Captain Tajai throws his weight it's hard The verbs they scourge I fly nerds while I be fine Put on your radar, I don't stay far That's why men are noid, I irritate like hemmaroids (ouch) You made the proper preperations, I still ate ya I hate ya, I rate the mindstate of niggaz that I'm greater, none of that later We can do this I wreck blocks like Brutus It's not a chore ta, make you come up shorter Cuz niggaz know I'm sure to serve without takin no orders So here's a tip from the hip to your dips Get with the man who rips, stop being stalled by them drips I'll do you swell, I got better aim than Willie Tell I rung so let me ring your bell DING-DONG! My sing song swells like a Samolian stuck in my pocket, I simply rock it [Casual] Call it splat on your face when you try to face the match You're tripping you're slipping you're sliding off my fly blend of wording, soon to be hurting, a nerd teen rabbit Peace to the niggaz who got my back and Everyone else can get the dills I hit your skills up, like my tag You rag and boast about your coast but it really don't phase me You're style's lazy, you must be drinkin that Crazy My thinking's phat and it pays me! Your days be decreasing be-cause we beats men I seen at least ten enemies daily! But what you'll get bold, and try to play me maybe that imbecile, while my bat, is sensible His brain I got ta beez giving niggaz lobotimes I trife with these, individuals criminals of my own rap On behalf of Phesto, I like to laugh [Del] MC's should know their limitations, their limitations MC's should know their limitations MC's should know their limitations, their limitations MC's should know their limitations Yeah, now I got something to say, on the behalf of Hieroglyphics This the D-E-L, and umm, I'm sick of all you weak-ass booty-ass motherfucking rappers And uhh, next time I see you on the motherfucking street I'ma bust your motherfucking nose Uhh, fuck you!! Peace The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tash f/ Del the Funky Homosapien Album: Control Freek Song: Get It Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro] Hello! "Out on the West coast of America  A new sound was found  It was a tremendous, rage over there  and it's been quite a big success here too  Here they are with their big hit number..." Go go girl, go girl, go get it! (woop woop) Go go girl, go girl, go get it! {*scratched: "OHHHH"*} Go girl, go girl, go get it! (woop woop) Say what? Go girl, go girl, go get it! [Tash] I see one hundred, two hundred, three hundred, fo' Five hundred bad bitches comin through the do' They knockin down the bouncers better let them girls go Cause all they wanna do is get on the danceflo' CaTash I go get it, it's the same old curriculum Rap dudes that's tattooed, I know you girls sick of them Bitchin and they cold until they 80 years old about how much dope they sold but still never went gold Hold that though, let me talk to the females Girls break they Lee Nails sendin Rico e-mails Retail suppliers can't deny us, we riders Try to break Likwid up but they still cain't divide us I hide inside a {?} tell a beam to hit the spacebar You starstruck 'em like a race car pace car Man, spell it R-I-C-O I'm a O.G. all you do is G-O [Chorus] w/ minor variations [Tash] Uh-huh, yeah, yeah Now it's seven hundred, eight hundred, nine hundred rat The girls is goin crazy cause they bouncin to the track You pushin girls away, better bring them girls back (c'mere) Cause all they wanna do is hit this thousand dollar 'gnac We crack more chicks than the law allow We the slickest in the business - that's why we draw the crowds T.I. said bring 'em out so we brought 'em out Every bar that I been too we bought it out (y'know~!) Odelay homes while I break your bones I've been rockin microphones since E.T. was phonin home (tell 'em) Born to get it poppin, no if ands or maybe It's money out there girl so go get it fo' us baby [Chorus] - 1/2 [Tash - over Chorus] J Beam! Del the Funky Homosapien Hieroglyphics bitch [Del] Bring yo' ass up You want it girl you gotta go get it It ain't fin' to run up to yaaaa And rap you on the fo'head with mo' bread You better learn how to use a computer at least, but no you greasier than Crisco Feet kicked up at the house eatin Nabiscos Talkin 'bout a nigga can't do nothin for ya But you're always rollin with a nigga who loaded {*ka-ching!*} D-E-L, I tell ya fortune If you think I'm fin' to support ya like an orphan (Hell nah!) I don't need a crystal ball Just a list of all the times you pissed me off Won't even lift an arm to wash a dish And then wanna flip when you want some dick? But I won't offer it Has it ever occured to you I might not want you BEITCH? [Chorus] w/ minor variations The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Virtuoso f/ Casual, Del Album: World War One: The Voice of Reason Song: All We Know Typed by: OGRalphis7@hotmail.com Utilizing all we know True to life and Ten-Four I read you Your see through I don't believe you It ain't what your skin hides that's inside [Casual] Sliding in key locks locked in the detox Amazing escape, an invasion plots Black stone, chiropractor crack you backbone Spectacular when I rapture ya, it's on And after I masquerade this mic massacre Last of the "B-Boy" masters fill casters High-roller, lash the beat Fantastically and put em' fast asleep Don't discuss this travesty with his majesty My styles make bullies look bashful Y'all heard of casual, I get an (?) I rhyme in every minute to be miniaturized Squeeze the chalice, till my hands get calices Challengers get they ass kicked into spastic paralysis I place pillows in cigarillos Stuff them bitches to their thickest dildos A nigga will though, marinate till I mildew Off a brute dub-sack then and I peel too Y'all niggas shook like seizures You skeez' us, please us and I leaves ya Rampant, with your tramp in her hamptons Amped' bout' to run throught they camp then I'm vamping Like a champion, having fun when I run this {All we know} Utilizing {All we know} True to life and Ten-Four I read you Your see-through I don't believe you {It ain't what your skin hides that inside} [Virutoso] This is the source so know that we hitting you off I'm forward progress increased with centrifugal force And as I listen I think who did the mixing on your weak sound That lacks essential punches like the presidential recount Deep down address the state of my being And break in museums to take back our freedom from snakes and demons We end off, when that cat rap it's Ten-Four Your see-through, I read you they speak your memoirs Flash ridiculous flows, master physicist They be like yo that's the hypnotist the way I get with chicks Sick of this pre-imposed regiment, we disclose evidence Of the societal foes decadence The righteous, we gaining advantage we banish sharks of Satan Battle the biggest star fuck it bring on a constellation Watch how I kill and fray the Milky Way the silky spray Filthy gray clouds, to send them to Earth to slay crowds In evil assemblages, walk straight mind control of cerebral appendages So it'll lead to your hemorrhages Quite likely, cuz' you spread roomers your might fight me But neglectly to write nightly thinking my hype might be Overblown, but I'm the most powerful of Jehovah's clones Poison will, thought they said poison milk from the Cobra's pulm Figure is Virtuoso slay hard In a rave squad, with brave guards and layed them in the graveyard {All we know} Utilizing {All we know} True to life and Ten-Four I read you Your see-through I don't believe you {It ain't what your skin hides that inside} [Del] Deep within we begin through the grass and moss Spent a wife from the plantation planned grand larsany My state's malnutrition a low adjustment what's this Identify then decide Virtuoso was hopeful, "Cas" was aggrivated I knew he had to make it, any task taken Sink or swim, die young or live in wrinkled skin Only look again cuz' homies think cuz' thinkin' in The same civilization, my pen is inkin' it Of the wise they a minus cuz' wise is a mindset Dumb, deaf, blind and no time reminding Your ass stays greedy, needy while I fast And I'm a start there leave em' marked there That every thought's clear and concise They say they lived twice And try and do me like Christ with spice Dancing with Manson but I ain't that type alright A fly "Cas-wise", crack survival tactics Relax and meditate and apply the math-quick Get solutions, skip institutions Strong constitution for our retribution The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Virtuoso f/ Del, Jaz-O Album: World War II - Evolution of the Torturer Song: On the Run Again Typed by: miguel@bigvirt.com [Jaz-O] Alright, Virtuoso, Del the Funkee Homosapien this Jaz-O, let's do what we came to do,Let's go! ay yo, little did you know this gentlemans unweathered through storms, only with women or middlemen un-fuck-wittable don, lyrically pinnacle never needed a pen to do gettin' green like good lawn, watch me riddle this song, this tracks a tree, watch me whittle it gone take the salary then I'm headed to the county where they found me I'm ducking on my head is a bounty got my chick running with me, on my head like a bounty break fast U.S., government issue american toast but unseen on america's most still on the horn with celebrity hosts, giving me levity boasts good heavens living legend you could never be ghost while I'm thanking Virtuoso for not doing this solo hold up, cops roll up, gestapo stuff federalies in the alley wanting Jaz-O cuffed two miles, underground tricked them assholes up, you know!? [Hook - 2X] On the run again Oakland, Brooklyn, to Cambridge America's most wanted, snipers with the language On the run again Known worldwide for that insane shit, Virtuoso, Jaz-O and Del niggaz is dangerous [Del] (hey hey hey D they trailing you, you better run for it kid you better stay in tune, here they come for ya!) No time for stumbling fumbling through the numbers of underlings who be funneling funds for me, they hunting me bounty hunter style, that's when guns come out I sprint a hundred miles, that's when my lungs go out I squeeze my asthma pump, as I jump the brick wall it's all in the risk ya'll avoiding pitfalls quickdraw McGraw law enforcement runnign out of options and piecing together they resources I'm floating coursing, wave in the ocean scorching torquing hairpinning, oh yeah I'm driven incessesant essence, infectious methods vocalist more like a motorist to go the length in seconds investigation vexed and raping destination blessed his plate with fire 'pon fake shit! [Hook - 2X] Virtuoso: I'm weaving an bobbing decieving the cops I'm squeezing off shots and I'll ether your offspring you sleep in a coffin I'm leaving from Boston, dodging collections of detectives with intention and directives for detention I'm suspected I get to BK with Jaz-O, the beat and rap flow on smash yo they after both of us so let's dash yo hit the spacious coast, get with my gracious host Deltron spit hell on the track jet out the back them Miguel's gone landing up in Austria, rap up in a opera baffle their philosophers pull straps out on they officers stopping in Alaska, ask the eskimos they know trust me how I blow musty trees on sleds pulled by snow huskies rushed me in Israel, Sharon tried to extradite left at night, in the cargo hold of my connecting flight no taking chances plastic surgeon carved my old face and I'm slow baking in the sun in undisclosed locations [Hook - 2X] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Virtuoso f/ Del Album: World War II - Evolution of the Torturer Song: War of the Masses Typed by: miguel@bigvirt.com [Del] You wan lock horns, just cause you got scorned wanna get your plot on? D got forms of warm receptions, important perceptions so foreign projections in the projects, keep me protected, cause secret objections we greet with aggression, we teach em' a lesson we breach the deception, we eat ya' for breakfast complete the suggestion, defeating oppression the weak will retreat with a weapon, if the walls will cease then I'm all for peace, that's my core belief so why would I wanna war and beef, I don't need more to eat so I don't horde the meat, the lure of the streets is sure to keep, weak motherfuckers trying ta beat motherfuckers I, seek and disrupt the frame of mind that's corrupted, skim haters of they grim nature strugglin' to get paper while they spit vapor..... [Hook] famous facists aiming plane crashes insane clashes, the war of the masses caskets, cremated to ashes in this disastrous, world war of the masses remain passive or aim and blast it the past is, gone it's the war of the masses [Virt] as we checking out of the second millenium hear the reckoning beckoning prefects are involved in religious lecturing infecting in the peoples mind, evil festering questioning they lessons and they ride on you like an equestrian, psychotic off anti-biotics and chemical bi-products the medicals try on us I promise that every word is a comet a bom for the congress, who claim to see beyond Nostradamus you can rely on bibles if you need a guide to provide you with vital knowledge thats born inside you my haiku typhoon remind you false idols blind you, crucify and bind you why do the mass of us not see cash we lust half of us need dough but people slash they cut then pass the crust, most leave little for those after us from ass and nut to ash and dust [Hook] V: The mercenaries we sent to retrieve the verse of aries cursed to carry dead weight on our backs like hearsts that bury D:Jerks immersed in the worst affairs we could describe the impact of lies on earth is scary business to witness, but Del and Virtch are very revolutionary V: Immune to any torture tactics practice to beat the system lilke victims of an abusive family D:Then who can we trust? V: few if any confusion led me to abuse the henny but then the music let me see that there was better ways to use my pennies D:using various options, choosing every concoction cause losings an illusion I foster like who is your partner, he doing the cha-cha I see through it cause I do what I got ta' V:the fluid we author, for your mind shine lucid to oculars, and magnify the truth like binoculars [Hook] 