The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: De La Soul Album: 3 Feet High and Rising Song: Intro Al Watts: Hey all you kids out there! Welcome to Three Feet High and Rising. Now, here's what we do. The following contestants... how are you doing, contestants? Contestants: (General babble, inc. 'Okay', 'Alright', 'Yo Mama') Al Watts: So fellas, tell us a little bit about yourselves. Contestant number one! Contestant #1 (Dove): How ya doin', Al. Just came all the way down from Wichitaw just to be on this show. You know it's gonna be swell and I'm gonna win all the money. Gonna win all the money. See ya. Al Watts: Okay, contestant number 2. Contestant #2 (Mase): Excuse me, um, my name is, um, P.A. Mase, I'm from Australia, and I'm just glad to be here. Al Watts: Okay, contestant number 3. Contestant #3 (Pos): Hello, my name us, uh, Plug One, and uh, let me tell you a little bit about myslef, I like Twizzlers, and I like the Alligator Bob, and my favorite movie is um, Bloodsucking Freaks, just like your mama. Al Watts: Okay, contestant number 4. Contestant #4 (Prince Paul): Hello, my name is Prince Paul, and I'm just... glad to be on the show. Thank you. Al Watts: Now that we've met the contestants, let's get to  the game! I'm going to ask an amount of four questions, and the contestants will try to answer them correctly. Now, you out there in the audience can answer along with them. How many feathers are on a Purdue chicken? How many fibres are intertwined in a Shredded Wheat biscuit? What does Touche et Lele Pu mean? How many times did the Batmobile catch a flat? Now that we know the questions, we'll let the contestants think them over, and we'll return right after these messages. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: De La Soul Album: 3 Feet High and Rising Song: The Magic Number Typed by: OHHLA.com [POS] 3 That's the Magic Number Yes it is It's the magic number Somewhere in this hip-hop soul community Was born 3 Mase, Dove and me And that's the magic number (What does it all mean?) Difficult preaching is Posdnuos' pleasure Pleasure and preaching starts in the heart Something that stimulates the music in my measure Measure in my music, raised in three parts Casually see but don't do like the Soul 'Cause seein' and doin' are actions for monkeys Doin' hip hop hustle, no rock and roll Unless your name's Brewster, cause Brewsters are Punky Parents let go 'cause there's magic in the air Criticising rap shows you're out of order Stop look and listen to the phrase Fred Astaires And don't get offended while Mase do-se-do's your daughter A tri-camera rolls since our music's now set Fly rhymes are stored on a D.A.I.S.Y. production It stands for "Da Inner Sound Y'all" and y'all can bet That the action's not a trick, but showing the function Everybody wants to be a deejay Everybody wants to be an emcee But being speakers are the best and you don't have to guess De La Soul posse consists of three And that's the magic number [DOVE] This here piece of the pie  Is not desser but the course that we dine And three out of every darn time The effect is "Mmmm" when a daisy grows in your mind Showing true position, this here piece is  Kissin' the part of the pie that's missin' When that negative number fills up the cavity Maybe you can subtract it You can call it your lucky partner Maybe you can call it your adjective But odd as it may be Without my 1 and 2 where would there be My 3 Mase Pos and Me And that's the Magic Number Focus is formed by flaunts to the soul Souls who flaunt styles gain praises by pounds Common are speakers who are never scrolls Scrolls written daily creates a new sound Listeners listen 'cause this here is wisdom Wisdom of a Speaker, a Dove and a Plug Set aside a legal substance to feed 'em For now get 'em high off this dialect drug Time is a factor so it's time that counts Count not the negative actions of one Speakers of soul say it's time to shout Three forms the soul to a positive sum Dance to this fix and flex every muscle Space can be filled if you rise like my lumber Advance to the tune but don't do the hustle Shake, rattle, roll to my Magic Number Now you may try to subtract it But it just won't go away Three times one? (What is it?) (One, two, three!) And that's a Magic Number (Yo, what's up?) (1, 2, 3) (I say, children, what does it all mean?) (Woah-woah-wo, 1, 2, 3) (I wouldn't lie to you) (No more no less, that's a magic number) (No more no less) (What it is?) (No more no less) (Do the shang-a-lang) (No more no less) (Anybody in the audience ever get hit by a car?) (No more no less) (How high's the water, mama?) (No more no less) (How high's the water, mama?) (No more no less) (Three feet high and rising) (No more no less) (Three) (That's a magic number) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: De La Soul Album: 3 Feet High and Rising Song: Change in Speak CHANGE IN SPEAK  POS: Once again it's time to bite more soul  A flavor you will savor in your soul  Wax is distributed and then sold  So watch it turn, bring your next of kin soul  P.A. Mase has rocked it on the console  Scream real hard until you blow your tonsils  Bang-oh-bang until you burn your shoe soles  'Cause you are now dancing to the big soul  DOVE:  Live is the motion of the soul step  Set the exposure to my one step  This scene'll last to the next step  All those in favor take a big step  True to the Soul, we'll never back step  In sense to that, we don't half step  Just as a reminder from the last step  Negative ones are lost in footsteps  Levels we've set will never go down  Competitions commence the step down  Those involved with peace who know the Soul's down  Can see that the Soul has got a new sound  Dance until you find yourself a new part  If you don't then I'll give you the True part  When received you'll see the real small part  Of the new way is no part at all  POS:  Pos and Dove is rarely caught not dressed in peace  Movements always walking round now stressing peace  When this biter should know true in peace  Instead they cause violence and shoot out beef  Still we are professing to be on a roll  Public cause this party going on the road  And if you crave sex, drugs and rock'n'roll  Sent by the Quest, Jungle and De La Soul  Give 'em a taste, Mase The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: De La Soul Album: De La Soul is Dead Song: Cool Breeze on the Rocks Cool breeze  Rock that shit homie  Rock  Lyte as a  Rock  A-a-a-a-a-as a rock  Cool breeze  Rockin' it, rockin' it  Rock  You gotta rock it  Keep on rockin'  Rock's the best  Rockin' music  Cool breeze  The king  Of rock'n'roll  Rock, rock  This world for you  King Adrock  Rock those bells  I want  Body body rock, body body rock  You are now rockin' with the best  I put this together to  Rock the house  Michael?  "I wanna"  Rock!  "With you" The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: De La Soul Album: 3 Feet High and Rising Song: Can U Keep a Secret Ahh yeah, ah ah ah  Prince Paul likes Buddy  Posdnuos likes Buddy  Trugoy likes Buddy  Mase likes Buddy  Wouldn't you like to Buddy too? Ooh  Prince Paul needs a haircut  Mase needs a haircut  Posdnuos needs a haircut  Trugoy would you please give us a haircut?  Prince Paul needs a luuden  Trugoy needs a luuden  Posdnuos needs a luuden  Mase needs a luuden  Everybody I want to just get a luuden  Paul has dandruff  Posdnuos has a lot of dandruff  Mase has big fat dandruff  Trugoy has dandruff  Everybody in the world, you have dandruff  Dante is a scrubb  Dante is a scrubb (scrubb)  Dante is a scrubb (is a big scrubb)  Dante is a scrubb (a super scrubb) (scrubb)  (And ya not gettin' the haircut either, scrubb!) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: De La Soul Album: 3 Feet High and Rising Song: Jenifa Taught Me (Derwin's Revenge)  Verse 1  Access to her cove, lovestruck was my mode  Took a look, dropped my textbook, Jenifa...oh!  Breakfast - broke it fast, she was in my English class  Asked for notes, rocked my boat, Jenifa...oh!  Jenny lost her favourite penny, so I gave her a dollar  She kissed me and I hollered!  In a flash the schoolbell rang, Jenny grabbed onto my hand  Took me home and said "Trugoy just swing it swing it swing!"  Verse 2  The Downstairs where we met, I'd brought records, she'd cassettes  Lost a break, found her shake, Jenifa, oh Jenny  Transcripts showed more than flirt, "I love daisies" read her shirt  Grabbed my jeans, Jimmy screamed, Jenifa, oh Jenny  Morals shaped like the floss, no-one could live their life for Pos  Found her house, aroused my joust, Jenifa, oh Jenny  Her clothes I did shuck, just like Dan I strictly stuck  To the punt, she cried "Kick it!", Posdnous was in  Jenny only thought about Jimmy, but asked was I a virgin  Like some kid named Derwin?  She said, "Let's try it in the bathroom", but the 'nous is way above  sinks  So to the kitchen she did Dan and came back wrapped in Saran  Break  Now wait a minute! Little Derwin got somethin' to show us that Jenny  could never do... (Listen...)  Hey! Look at little Derwin! Look at him go, look at him go!  Awwwwww...Baby!  Verse 3  Positions, muscles flexed, Dove was lost in a Ghana hex  Passed her test, felt her teddy, Jenifa, oh Jenny  Notions soothed the mood, Dove was lost in De La heaven  Scream Plug 2, did the do, Jenifa, oh Jenny  Jenny teased my homeboy Granny, in fact she teased so many  She was known as a garden tool  No more I dispatch, was it Jimmy had met his match?  Or could it be the realisation all girls owned a Jenny?  For normal health I have fought, a valuable lesson she hath taught  Don't flaunt that the candy is good unless you came with plenty The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: De La Soul Album: 3 Feet High and Rising Song: Ghetto Thang POS: (Mary had a little lamb) That's a fib, she had two twins though And one crib Now she's only fourteen, what a start But this defect is ground common in these parts Now life in this world can be such a bitch And dreams are often torn and shattered and hard to stitch Negative's the attitude that runs the show  When the stage is the G-H-E-T-T-o DOVE: Which is the one to blame when bullets blow Either Peter, Jane, or John or Joe But Joe can't shoot a gun, he's always drunk And Peter's pimping Jane, and John's a punk Infested are the halls, also the brains Daddy's broken down from ghetto pains Mommy's flying high, the truth is shown The kids are all alone 'Cause it's just the ghetto thang IT'S JUST THE GHETTO THANG (WORD) POS: Who ranks the baddest brother, the ones who rule This title is sought by the coolest fool Define coolest fool? Easy, the one who needs Attention in the largest span and loves to lead Always found at the jams, but never dance Just provoke violence due to one glance The future plays no matter, just the present flow When the greeting place is the G-H-E-T-T-O DOVE: Lies are pointed strong into your skull Deep within your brain against the wall To hide or just erase the glowing note Of how to use the ghetto as a scapegoat Truth from Trugoy's mouth is here to scar Those who blame the G for all bizarre So open up your vents and record well For this is where we stand, for the true tell Ghetto gained a ghetto name from ghetto ways Now there could be some ghetto gangs and ghetto play If ghetto thang can have its way in ghetto rage Then there must be some ghetto love and ghetto change Though confident they keep it kept, we know for fact They lie like ghettos form, 'cause people lack To see that they must all get out the ghetto hold The truth they never told 'Cause it's just the ghetto thang IT'S JUST THE GHETTO THANG (WORD) POS: Do people really wish when they blow Out the cake candles, and if so Is it for the sunken truth which could arise >From out the characters in which the ghetto hides Roses in the ring supply their shown releif Granted it's planted by their shown beleif Kill and feed off your own brother man Has quickly been adopted as the master plan Posses of our people has yet to provoke  Freedom or death to them, it's just a joke What causes this defect, I don't know Maybe it's the G-H-E-T-T-O IT'S JUST THE GHETTO THANG (WORD) Standing in the rain is nothing felt When problems hold more value, but never dealt with Buildings crumbling to the ground Impact noise is solid sound But who's the one to say this life is wrong When ghetto life is chosen strong We seem to be misled about our dreams But dreams ain't what it seems When it's just the ghetto thang IT'S JUST THE GHETTO THANG (WORD) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: De La Soul Album: 3 Feet High and Rising Song: Transmitting Live From Mars (Ecoutez. A midi.)  (Quel heure est-il? Il est midi.)  (C'est l'heure de dejeuner. Qu'est-ce qu'il y a a manger?)  (Il y a saucisse, sans doute.)  (Ecoutez et repetez. A midi.)  (Quel heure est-il?)  (Quel heure)  (Quel heure est-il?)  (Est-il?)  (Il est midi. Midi. Midi. Il est midi. Il est midi.)  (C'est l'heure de dejeuner.)  (C'est l'heure de dejeuner. C'est l'heure de dejeuner. De dejeuner.)  (C'est l'heure de dejeuner.)  (Qu'est-ce qu'il y a a manger?)  (Qu'est-ce qu'il y a?) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: De La Soul Album: 3 Feet High and Rising Song: Eye Know POS:  Greetings, girl, and welcome to my world of phrase  I'm right up to bat  It's a Daisy Age and you're about to walk top-stage  So wipe your Lottos on the mat  Hip-hop love this is and don't mind when I quiz your  Involvements before the sun  But clear your court 'cause this is a one-man sport  And who's better for this than Plug One  Now you don't have to worry about me squashin' other deals  'Cause they've already been squooshed  Freeze a frame about moods the same which we can continue  Right behind the bush  You'll stay with me  Eye Know this  But not because of all my earthly treasures  Or regardless to the fact that I'm Posdnuos  But because  (Eye know Eye love you better)  DOVE:  May I cut this dance to introduce myself as  The chosen one to speak  Let me lay my hand across yours  And aim a kiss upon your cheek  They name's Plug Two  And from the soul I bring you  The Daisy of your choice  May it be filled with the pleasure principle  In circumference to my voice  About those other Jennys I reckoned with  Lost them all like a homework excuse  This time the Magic Number is two  'Cause it takes two, not three, to seduce  My destiny of love is brought to an apex  Sex is a mere molecule  In this world of love that I have for you  It's true  (Eye know Eye love you better)  POS:  Now it's time to let this rhyme style  Get somewhat poured in the mold  Take my hand and we'll pick my plantation  Of Daisies for a bouquet of Soul  Life will begin at the cut of a rim  Take it as filled to the rim as in brim  Squeeze your stoop like Betty Boop  We'll make Campbell's Alphabet Soup  And spell Plug One's within  Forward march is the say  When transistors will play  Come into bed is the mood  Dolby sound will be then top crowned  When I put the needle into your groove  I got a good thing  And in full swing  I show this in gifts, words or letters  But even without those three  Eye know you'll be close to me 'cause  (Eye know I love you better)  DOVE:  It's I again and the song that I send  Is taking steps to reach your heart  Any moment you feel alone  I can fill up your empty part  We can ascend 'till we reach De La Heaven  And in a spin we'll hit the Top Ten  Then we will meet Mr Stuckie  And Pos' brother Lucky will preach  Let the wedding begin  Shot by an arrow of cupid  Through the string of a G-clef  My dear, I claim you're def  And if you can hear me, by golly gee,  Trugoy is ready for what you posess  We could live in my Plug Two home  And on Mars where we could be all alone  And we make a song for two,  Picture perfect things and I sing of how  (Eye know I love you better) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: De La Soul Album: 3 Feet High and Rising Song: Take It Off (It's hurting.)  (Smell your breath!)  (You smell like Jabba.)  (Your nose is what's doing it.)  (You're talking into the recording... YO!)  (Okay Lucky, start it off.)  Take take take take take it off...  Take it off, take take take take it off  Take it off, take take take take it off,  Take it off, take take take take it off,  Take it off,  Take it OFF!  (Take that suede front off)  Take it OFF!  (Take those contacts off)  Take it OFF!  (Take that horsemeat off)  Take it OFF!  (Take those shell-toes off)  Take it OFF!  (Take those track fleas off)  Take it OFF!  (Take that doo-rag off)  Take it OFF!  (Take that moth rag off)  Take it OFF!  (Take those fat laces off)  Take it OFF!  (Take that bomber off)  Take it OFF!  (Take that BVD off)  Take it OFF!  (Take those Converse off)  Take it OFF!  (And those Gazelles too)  Take it OFF!  (Take that Kangol off)  Take it OFF!  (Take that Jordache off)  Take it OFF!  (Take that Afro off)  Take it OFF!  (Take that jhericurl off)  Take it OFF!  (Take that Le Tigre off)  Take those acid-washed jeans, bell-bottomed, designed by your mama... off? Please? Please.. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: De La Soul Album: 3 Feet High and Rising Song: A Little Bit of Soap Please listen to this simple De La style I'm gonna sing It's strongly directed to all the misery you're bringing Now I'm not all about dissing someone else personnel But there's no quota on your odor That's right, you smell Now you might feel a little embarassed, don't take it too hard And don't make it worse by covering it up with some Right Guard Before you even put on your silk shirt and fat gold rope Please take your big ass to the bathroom  And please use (A little bit of soap....) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: De La Soul Album: 3 Feet High and Rising Song: Tread Water DOVE:  I was walking on the water when I saw a crocodile  He had daisies in his hat, so I stopped him for a while  He delivered me a message, a massage to soothe my stage  What it was was more then plug-up dosage  More than DAISY age  Conversation drew a rule,  Which the crowd will roar by millions  Mr. Crocodile said, 'Dove, you must look  For now the villains try to hold you underwater  But one thing we all must heed  Sony Walkmans keep us walking  De La Soul can help you breathe when you tread water'  As I walked along my journey,  I thought 'What have I just learned?'  In a flash I saw commotion  There was movement in these ferns  Silently the silence came, was it the end of my world?  I shouted out in fear, 'Who's there?'  'It's me,' said Mr. Squirrel  'I've searched for you all over, now you're found,  No time to waste. We must find the Preacher Man,  We must find the P.A. Mase. All my population's dying,  And we're all in tune to doom.  Like the Daisy, I need water  I need chesnuts to consume.'  'Mr. Squirrel,' I said, 'I'm sorry,  But the problem can't be solved  If there's no one here to help, and no one to get involved  Always look to the positive and never drop your head  For the water will engulf us if we do not dare to tread  So let's tread water'  POS:  Now one weary day I woke, my alarm said 'Plug time's up'  Filled my bath up with the water, gargled with my gargle cup  As I bathed I felt a presence, and I'm sort of ticklish  I looked down and then around and I heard,  'Hi! I'm Mr Fish. How do you do? As for me,  I'm in tip-top shape today, cause my water's clean  And no-one's menu says Fresh Fish Filet  See I look past all my worries, which is something you must do  Though you're fed up, throw your head up  With this advice ffrom me to you  And that's to tread water'  As my day went unexplained, time was finding nothing fun  As I walked along the sidewalk, I heard,  'Psst, excuse me, Plug One.'  From my Soul, De La that is, I hollered  'Yes, are you talking to me?'  'No alarm meant,' he said, 'Let me introduce myself.  I'm Mr Monkey.'  'Mr Monkey, I pledge you slap of five,  Now how does your problem meet?'  He said, 'My bananas are at their ripest, but they all  Stand at three feet. My swinging hand is bandaged up.  Could you help me with this chore?'  I brought him down to the Native shop  And bought him copies of the De La score  Which assisted well in his elevation  Now all bananas is at his grasp  He decided with this accomplished,  He would put me on to the path  He to my to live by the Inner Sound, y'all  Which would bring me health in showbiz  Then to use them, not abuse them  And then in the words that got me to 'em  And that is to tread water The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: De La Soul Album: 3 Feet High and Rising Song: Potholes in My Lawn (Yo, something's wrong here. No, not again!)  (Get the daisies for the...)  Potholes in my lawn  DOVE:  Everybody's sayin'  What to do when suckin' lunatics start diggin' and chewin'  They don't know that the Soul don't go for that  Potholes in my lawn  And that goes for my rhyme sheet  Which I concentrated so hard on, see  I don't ask for maximum security  But my dwellin' is swellin'  It nipped my bud when I happened to fall  Into a spot  Where no ink or an ink-blot  Was on a scroll  I just wrote me a new 'mot'  But now it's gone  There's no  Suckers knew that I hate  To recognise that every time I'm writin'  It's gone  (Yodel-a-hee, Yodel-oh-hee, Yodel-a)  (Yodel-a-hee, Yodel-oh-hee, Yodel-ee-hee-hee-hee)  Potholes in my lawn  POS:  I've found that it's not wise  To leave my garden untended  'Cause eyes have now pardoned all laws of privacy  Even paws are after my writer  See, I've found that everyone's sayin'  What to do when suckers are preyin'  On my well-guarded spreadsheets  Oh why, hell does it send up fleets  Of evil-doers through the big hole  To get to evil-doers who dig holes  Which leaves my lawn with lawn-chew  I think I'd better plant traces to give clues  Or better yet call 911  And when they get here I inform them I'm the Plug One  Open a chair and let them realize the reason  For concern of the Soul,  'Cause we've come down with a case of potholes  (Yodel-a-hee, Yodel-oh-hee, Yodel-a)  (Yodel-a-hee, Yodel-oh-hee, Yodel-ee-hee-hee-hee)  Potholes in my lawn  (Who stole, who stole, who stole the cookie  from the cookie jar?)  DOVE:  Now you got the message  What to do when you die  The death that I predict in 'Plug Tunin'  It's a shame that you deny to claim  That you stole my words of fame  That I wrote in my rhyme sheet  Which I concentrated so hard on, see  I don't ask for a barbed wire fence, B  But my dwellin' is swellin'  It nipped my bud when I happened to fall  Into a spot  Where no ink or an ink-blot  Was on a scroll  I just wrote me a new 'mot'  But now it's gone there's no  Suckers knew that I hate  To recoginse that every time I'm writin'  It's gone  Potholes in my lawn  (Yodel-a-hee, Yodel-oh-hee, Yodel-a)  (Yodel-a-hee, Yodel-oh-hee, Yodel-ee-hee-hee-hee) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: De La Soul Album: 3 Feet High and Rising Song: Say No Go POS: Now let's get right on down to the skit A baby is brought into a world of pits And if it could've talked that soon In the delivery room It would've asked the nurse for a hit The reason for this? The mother is a jerk Excuse me, Junkie Which brought the work of the old Into a new light What a way But this what a way Has been a way of today Anyway Push couldn't shove me to understand a path to a basehead Consumer should erase it in the first wave But second wave forms believers And believers will walk to it then even talk to it and say... (You got the body now you want my soul) Nah, can't have none of that, tell 'em what to say Mase... SAY NO GO DOVE: Nah, no my brother No my sister Try to get hip to this  Word, word to the mother I'll tell the truth so bear my witness Fly like birds of a feather Drugs are like Pleather You don't wanna wear it No need to ask that question, just don't mention You know what the answer is... POS: Now I never fancied Nancy But the statement she made held a plate of weight I even stressed it to Wade DOVE: Did he take any heed? POS: Nah, the boy was hooked, you could've phrased the word "Base" And the kid just shook In his fashion class once an A now an F The rock rules him now The only designs left Were once clothes made for Oshkosh Has converted to nothing but stonewash DOVE: Now hopping in a barrel is a barrel of fun But don't hop in if you want to be down, son 'Cause that could mean down and out as an action What does it lead to? Dum-da-dum-dum People say what have I done for all my years My tears show my hard-earned work I heard shoving is worse than pushing But I'd rather know a shover than a pusher 'Cause a pusher's a jerk SAY NO GO POS: Believe it or not the plot forms a fee more that charity But the course doesn't coincide with the ride of insanity Is it a chant that slants the soul to fill for it? I know it's the border that flaunts the order to kill for it DOVE: Standing, scheming on a young one  Taking his time, eight-ball for a cool pool player Racked it all, tried to break, miscued Got beat by the boy in blue Next day you're out by the spot once more Looking hard for a crack in the hole I ask what's the fix for the ill stuff Word to the Dero The answer should have been no POS: Run me a score from the Funky Four Plus One More (It's the joint!) Rewind that back This is the age for a new stage of fiend  Watch how the junkies scream It's the crack Plain is plain it should explain it from the start Behind the ideals of cranking up the heart Now the base claim's shot over every part SAY NO GO DON"T EVEN THINK ABOUT IT SAY NO GO SAY NO GO The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: De La Soul Album: 3 Feet High and Rising Song: Do As De La Does (Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! Uh-huh! All right now! Oh yeah! Yo! Word! Oh! Yeah! Uh-huh!)  MASE:  Yo yo yo yo! We got De La Soul in the house, the producer Prince Paul, P.A. Mase, and I wanna know one thing! Yo, yo! You gotta show right up your hands, let me hear you say Aa-ow!  (AA-OW!!)  Aa-ow!  (AA-OW!!)  Come on! Come on! Come on!  POS:  Plug One on the mic, P-L-U-G-O-N-E, yo what's up, you know about Jimmy, you know about Jenny, I want everybody in this place, c'mon, say Plug it up!  (PLUG IT UP!)  Say Plug it up!  (PLUG IT UP!)  You got somebody next to you with some bad-ass breath, I want you to tell that brother, come on, tell him "Take a Luuden!"  (TAKE A LUUDEN!)  Say take a Luuden!  (TAKE A LUUDEN!)  Plug Two!  DOVE:  Sto-o-op! Here we go!  If you like to drink some soda, let me hear you say Coca-Cola!  (COCA-COLA!)  Coca-Cola!  (COCA-COLA!)  Stop!  PAUL:  Ah yeah, pump it, pump it, ah yeah, pump it up!  You if you got doo doo in your pocket, you got doo doo in your pocket, put one hand in the air like this, wave it back and forth, say doo doo!  (DOO DOO!)  Say doo doo!  (DOO DOO!)  Come on! Ah yeah!  MASE:  Yeah yeah this is Plug Three! This is Plug Three! Yeah! Say hoo!  (HOO!)  Hoo!  (HOO!)  POPMASTER HIGHT:  Hey De La Soul, you fucking lasagne heads, that's better than my mama's lasagne! Hey! Hey, come on! That was freakin' A, man! I really wanna take it back home with me, you know! I really get into your fuckin' music! It's so excellent! Ah, you big sconzilli heads! De La Soul's so fuckin' great!  DOVE:  Let me hear you say 'I like to eat that...' The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: De La Soul Album: 3 Feet High and Rising Song: Plug Tunin (And now for my next number, I'd like to return to the classics.  Perhaps the most famous classic in all the world of music...)  DOVE:  The first time around, you didn't quite understand our new style of speak.  (Don't worry, we can fix that right now)  So why don't you all just grab your bags  (Come on aboard, hoist the anchor, and we'll be off)  (And good luck to both of you)  Plug One, Plug Two, Plug One, Plug Two  Plug One, Plug Two, Plug One  POS:  Answering any other service,  Perogative praised positively I'm acquitted  Enemies publicly shame my utility  After the battle they admit that I'm with it  Simply soothe, will move vinyl like glue  Transistors are never more shown with like  When vocal flow brings it all down in ruin  Due to a clue of a naughty noise called  Plug Tunin'  (Hmm-mm, hmm-mm, hmm-mm, hmm-mm, hmmmm)  Flock to the preacher called Pos  Let him be the stir to the style of your stew  Sit while the kid of the Plug form aroma  Then grab a Daisy to sip your favorite brew  Lettin' this soul fire be your first prior,  But don't let the kick drum stub your big toe  See that the three will be your thread  But like my man Chuck D said, 'What a brother know'  Dance while I play and the cue cards sway  From my flower girls China and Jette  The button is pressed in '89 we'll start the panic  From De La Soul and a Prince from Stet  Negative noise will be all divided  Dangerous to dance, Posdnuos will croon  Ducks and kizids will all be rid  When paying position to the naughty noise called  Plug Tunin'  (Hmm-mm, hmm-mm, hmm-mm, hmm-mm, hmmm)  Plug One, Plug Two, Plug One, Plug Two  Plug One, Plug Two, Plug One, Plug Two  DOVE:  Freeze 'cause these are the brothers  Brothers of the Soul who present a new flick  Every last viewer is tuned to the method,  Known to be a method, no magicians, not a trick  Bitten by the spoken who been titled Plug Two  Swallowed by the loonies who are jealous with the showbiz  Dove'll teach the truth, Posdnuos will preach the youth  To the fact that this will bring an end to the negative  Flow to the sway 'cause I say fa-so-la-ti  At the top we will dwell  Difference is fame and we rise then we build  Where we are set we get fat and we swell  Motions of the Soul is a positive stride  One step forward is the space we consume  Vivid as the moon, you have yet to assume  How the Soul found the motto of a naughty noise called  Plug Tunin'  Vocal is local so believe that  This chant shan't rely on the strong lap  Trying and live so you best realise  That the gift that I present, I say gift wrap  Style of the Tune is personal  And defining what's the rhyme is worst of all  Stop, sit and study 'cause the meaning isn't muddy  Just preach and do the gear as the first of all  Watch while the pitcher is pitching  'Cause this is the pitch of the year  Sing a simple song but keep the swing strong  Though you heard Dove crying 'I ain't fair'  Those who think De La's on the flip tip  Try to flip this and you're doomed  Watch for the B-B 'cause if you try to grieve me  You'll be hung by the wire of the Plug Tune  (Hmm-mm, hmm-mm, hmm-mm, hmm-mm, hmmm)  (I can't twist your arm and make you stay with me)  (Are you ready for this?) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: De La Soul Album: 3 Feet High and Rising Song: De La Orgee DOVE:  This is De La Orgee...  (Various male and female grunting, panting and screaming sounds, including...)  (It's in there.)  (Say you like it. Tell me you like it.)  (I like it, oh I like it)  (More! More!)  (What's my name? What's my name?)  (Flip over!)  (Mase!)  (On your stomach. Put your face in the pillow.) (Yes!)  (Seven feet. Seven feet long!)  (Cut it!)  (You like Jimmy? Tell me you like Jimmy.)  (I like Jimmy!)  (Speak to Jimmy.)  (I like Jimmy...)  (Cut the damn tape!)  (Cut it!) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: De La Soul f/ Native Tongues Album: 3 Feet High and Rising Song: Buddy Typed by: OHHLA.com [DOVE] Hello Meany, meany, meany, meany (Say What?) Meany, meany, meany, meany (Say What?) Meany, meany, meany, meany, mean Meany, meany, meany, meany (Say What?) Meany, meany, meany, meany (Say What?) Meany, meany, meany, meany, mean (Okay) Hello it's the soul Troopin' in wit the Jungle patrol And this one's about the KO's the knockouts out there  Who's holdin' my buddy Hold up (wait a minute) [POS] Now just wait We're gonna talk about Buddy on this plate But before we let the herd out the gate Make sure the all the levels are straight out the jungle (The Jungle, the Jungle, the Brothers, the Brothers) [AFRIKA] De La Soul from the soul Black medallions no gold Hangin' out wit Pos hangin' out wit Mase Buddy buddy buddy all in my face [MIKE G] For the lap Jimbrowski must wear a cap Just in case the young girl likes to clap Ain't for the wind but before I begin I initiate the buddy with a slap [Q-TIP] Now for the next I'm the Q-Tip from A Tribe Called Quest And when I quest for the buddy I don't fess For my jimmy wants nothin' but the best (the best) The best (Ooh Wee!) Let's stick out jimmy and see what we can catch (Stick em up, stick em up jimmy) Next won't be needed unless (Jenny wanna get right to the flesh) (Sweet little woman, sweet little woman)  [POS] I won't lie, I love B-U-D-D-Y (why) Cause I never let it walk on by When it comes to me and Jenny  I seem (very serious) like a Peek Freen Buddy is the act that occurs on the lip when Jenny and jimmy start shootin' the gift Boy let me get shot I won't even riff [AFRIKA]  Buddy buddy don't you know you make me go nutty I'm so glad that you're not a fuddy duddy Not too skinny and not too chubby Soft like silly putty Miss Crabtree I hope that you're not mad at me Cause I told you that it was your buddy That was making me ever so horny Junglelistically horny [DOVE] On the dial my buddy talks to me for a while Plug Two is the [Q-TIP] Q to her tip [DOVE] On the A side and sometimes the flip (Gotta gotta flip this record) Buddy is the bud to my daisy tree And the luuden to my do-re-mi And the pleaser to my man Plug 3 (Plug 3 gets all the buddy) [MIKE G] Behind my bush my buddy likes the way that I push And like a champ just knock it on out Never ever once sellin' out (Oh let loose the juice) My buddy helps me to (De La my Soul) Keepin' jimmy in total control Without Buddy I'd be on a roll (La la la l-la la la la, la la la l-la la la la)  [Q-TIP] Hey girl I heard ya lookin' for some good times If you Quest from the Soul here's what we'll find A whole lot of fun lots of fun together Just like kissin' cousins (yeah that's kinda clever) Close like bosoms, bosoms stay close If you be my buddy I will toast That we're like Ethel Merts and Lucille MacGillicuddy You can be mines and I can be your buddy [DOVE] The best buddy's in evening wear Long lovin' less Tru know (he's in there) I feel sorry for those who pay a fare (a fee) word to the D I don't beg I just tease my buddy with my right leg And when it's ready what's said is buddy is best in bed  [AFRIKA] Fly buddy told us all to get into a circle Said don't worry cause I won't hurt you All I really wanna do is freak you (she freaked us) [MIKE G] And I watched and then I checked my swatch To see the time The Soul had formed a buddy line  And that buddy was (mine all mine) [POS] Now when Tribe, the Jungle, and De La Soul Is at the clubs our ritual unfolds Grab our bones and start swingin' our hands (Then Jenny start flockin' it everywhere) Cause Jenifa just wants to stay aware Yo fellas should we keep her aware (Mmm Hmm, yeah!!!) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: De La Soul Album: 3 Feet High and Rising Song: Description DOVE:  I am Trugoy  A Dove-like boy  Could wingspread,  But instead,  I will employ  MASE:  Me the Plug Three  Or Baby Huey  I eat up  All ketchup  For its tendency  POS:  I am Plug One  I'm 19 years young  I love peace  Well at least  I think we need some  Q-TIP:  I'm Q-Tip y'all  3 Feet produced by Prince Paul  This session  Was lessoned  By one Qualiall  GRANNY:  I am Granny  Thank discoriety  The 3, 4  Yo, no more  I need peace for me  CHINA & JETTE:  I'm China  I'm Jette  The Cue Cards we inject  We're crazy for Daisies  When we're on the set  PAUL:  Will rise, not fall  Definition, Prince Paul  The Mentor  Don't be sore  When I say  That's all The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: De La Soul Album: 3 Feet High and Rising Song: Me Myself and I [Dove] Mirror mirror on the wall Tell me mirror what is wrong? Can it be my De La Clothes Or is it just my De La Soul What I do ain't make believe People say I sit and try But when it comes to being De La It's just me myself and I   It's just me myself and I (repeat 3x) [Posdonus] Now you tease my Plug One style And my Plug One spectacles You say Plug One and Two are hippies No we're not, thats pure Plug Bull Always pushin that we formed an image There's no need to lie When it comes to being Plug One It's just me myself and I   It's just me myself and I (repeat 3X) [Dove] Proud, I'm proud of what I am Poems I speak are Plug Two type Please oh please let Plug Two be himself, not what you read or write Write is wrong when hype is written on the Soul, De La that is Style is surely our own thing Not the false disguise of show-biz De La Soul is from the soul And in fact I can't deny Strictly from the Dan called Stuckie And from me myself and I   It's just me myself and I (repeat 3X) [Posdonus] Glory Glory Hallelu Glory for Plug One and Two But that glory's been denied By concensing dookie eyes People think they diss my person by stating I'm darkly packed I know this so I point at Q-Tip and he states, "Black is Black" Mirror mirror on the wall Shovel chestnuts in my path Just keep all nuts twistin up so I don't get an aftermath But if I do I'll calmly punch them in the 4th day of July Cause they tried to mess with third degree That's me myself and I   It's just me myself and I (repeat 3X) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: De La Soul Album: 3 Feet High and Rising Song: This is a Recording for Living in a Fulltime Era (L.I.F.E.) (This is a recording) (Life)  POS: Living in everyday is something,  Something everyday like this is our livin'  DOVE: Giving something sheer for the crowd is our major,  Major to the crowd is to hear what we're givin'  POS: No time to rest, we got work in the studio  Studio suppliers rest at no time  DOVE: Showtime is enough when the Soul is performing,  Performing is the Soul y'all, and it's showtime  POS: Coping with dates in clubs, can't even lounge,  Lounge with the homeboys how we are copin'  DOVE: Scoping new material for Paul to plug high-pitched,  High-pitched what Paul plugs in and still scopin'  POS: Bearer of peaceful views to express peace,  Peaceful expressions why we are bearers  DOVE: What the Soul tries to project is when existing in rap,  You're living in a fulltime era  (This is a recording!)  (This is a recording) (Life)  POS:  Puttin' in spin the rhyme, rappers fear so  Fear so much of what Pos is puttin'  Couldn't do better, the punks they don't try hard  Try hard enough, they don't, so they couldn't  No joke to what I do inside this field,  This field to me is filed, there's no joke  So soak up the fact there's no part-time,  Part-time rappers at, so soak  Taking in new ideals leads to new groups,  New groups to better the Soul, I'm takin'  Wakin' from days and nights to do my best  DOVE: Your best gets us paid  POS: So I'll keep on wakin'  Wearer of a Plug logo to the dying,  Dying are rappers who think I'm no wearer  What I'm trying to say is when dealing in rap,  You're living in a fulltime era  (This is a recording!)  (This is a recording) (Life)  DOVE:  Love is to all, to all goes my love  Dove comes to peace like stand comes to sit  Stand for the court, 'cause standing is healthy  Healthy in sense is mentally fit  Pause for the poets of a new style of speak  Just here to do the same with no trick  Grab the Plug Two's live wire, my brother  And find that you've grabbed my pet boa constrict  Ring goes the garbage I'm hearing  Seek for the truth, my brother is tearing  No time to back-step, 'cause if you back-step  Look what you stepped in, you stepped in mess  So look what's around you  Don't worry for the Soul will find the truth  About three years from now, you know why?  'Cause we're living in a fulltime era  (This is a recording!)  (This is a recording) (Life) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: De La Soul Album: 3 Feet High and Rising Song: I Can Do Anything (Delacratic) (It's Delacratic)  If I want to I could jump off this building.  (It's Delacratic)  I could hold two pieces of doo-doo in my hand.  (It's Delacratic)  I could call everybody in that room a rubberneck.  (It's Delacratic)  Come on, please?  (It's Delacratic)  I can say anything that I want.  (It's Delacratic)  I could wave my hand in my air.  (It's Delacratic)  I could stick my hand up my nose.  (It's Delacratic)  I could hold my foot and count the toes.  (It's Delacratic)  I can do anything.  (Possie? Dovie? Masie?)  (Pass my bag.) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: De La Soul Album: 3 Feet High and Rising Song: D.A.I.S.Y. Age (Woah. Stay, stay, stay)  (Daisy! Daisy!)  (I love daisies, I love daisies,  I love pushing up your favourite daisies)  (Daisy!)  (This is Posdnuos, the president of a paragraph)  POS:  Paragraph  President  President preaching 'bout the on-tech,  Known for the new step,  Stop and take a bow  Amityville  Resident  Resident supported by the speaker view  Want to feel it in your shoe  Let me show you how  Platform  Witnesses  Witnesses, show you to my show-lab  Fill you with my vocab  Hope you have a spoon  Discuss  Contracts  You like the way I vocalise  And bring it to a compromise  My P.A. won't set up till noon  It's a DAISY age  Sun  Ceiling  Ceiling connects to the sun  Burning inside everyone  On a side, plug-a-fied sire  One  Million  Demonstrations have been heard  My hair burns when I'm referred  Kid shouts my roof is on fire  Go  Dancing  Dancing like a bandit  Psychics try to stand it  Keep it up until they burn a cell  Romancing  Romancing dialect in shows  Posdnuos creating flow  You say you didn't know  Oh well, it's a DAISY age  DOVE:  Pedal  Promenade  Promenade people to the providence  Dove will show dominance  Inside of every phrase  Rebel  Renegade  Renegade reaching only topflight  Can't find your new height  Think you need a raise  Dialect  Ultimate  Ultimate strings from the soul stuff  Copies always staying rough  Before they go to plate  Try a pack  It'll stick  Stick to you but won't deflate  Keeping all the levels straight  I tell you, mate, that we're top rate  'Cause it's a DAISY age  The speak  Motor  Motor is the heart beat  Sleeping in your car seat  Kept alive to every mile discovered  Complete  Quota  Quota sharp at 12 noon  Risen to a new tune  Positive is greater than negative  Image  Mirror  Mirror image don't contend  Vocals should be comprehended  Silver audience'll say what's said  Scrimmage  Nearer  Nearer to the goal line  Forget about the rose vine  The Soul will let you know it's time  And it's a DAISY age  (La la la la, lah)  (This is a DAISY age)  (Sing about, sing about the DAISY age)  (Let it rain, let it rain, rain on a DAISY)  (Rain on, rain on) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: De La Soul Album: 3 Feet High and Rising Song: Plug Tunin' (12" Version) MASE:  Yo Pos and Dove, stand clear to be plugged up into line one and two  So y'all can flaunt the new style of speak  (And good luck to both of you)  Plug One, Plug Two, Plug One, Plug Two  Plug One, Plug Two, Plug One  POS:  Answering any other service,  Perogative praised positively I'm acquitted  Enemies publicly shame my utility  After the battle they admit that I'm with it  Simply soothe, will move vinyl like glue  Transistors are never more shown with like  When vocal flow brings it all down in ruin  Due to a clue of a naughty noise called  Plug Tunin'  (Hmm-mm, hmm-mm, hmm-mm, hmm-mm, hmmmm)  (Mmm-hmm, yeah)  Flowing in file with a new style  Barrels are cleaned and loaded for salute  Chanters with the choice standing steady like my mouth  This paragraph preacher is now introduced  Drums are heard sounding off on each and every person  Vocal confetti is blown at top stage  Roses and violets aren't proper for throwing  When showing appreciation, why? This is a Daisy Age  Hands won't sweat 'cause there's no threat  Mic will stay dry while pitchin' so loose  Rhymes aren't fables but stable to be on time  'Cause they're marketed and labeled sticker 'Posdnuos'  This pitch will fit with every consumer  Microphone loosed in cycles, start blooming  Profit and cost should never be lost  All due to a clue of a naughty noise called  Plug Tunin'  (Hmm-mm, hmm-mm, hmm-mm, hmm-mm, hmmm)  (Mmm-hmm, yeah)  Plug One, Plug Two, Plug One, Plug Two  Plug One, Plug Two, Plug One, Plug Two  DOVE:  Dazed at the sight of a method  Dying at the death of a neverending verse  Gasping and swallowing every last letter  Vocalised liquid holds the quench of your thirst  Reasons for the rhythm is for causes unknown  Different individuals are dazzled with the showbiz  Auditions are gathered but the Soul would just rather  Hold a count at three and in the end leave it as it is  Flow to the sway of my do-re-mi  Leaving are fixed lunatics who will hawk  Words are sent to the vents of humans  Then converted to a phrase called talk  Musical notes will send a new motto  Every last poem is recited at noon  Focus is set, let your polaroids click  As they capture the essence of a naughty noise called  Plug Tunin'  (Hmm-mm, hmm-mm, hmm-mm, hmm-mm, hmmm)  (Mmm-hmm, yeah)  Vocal in doubt is an uplift  And real is the answer that I answer with  Dying yet live, what you must realise  THat the tune that I present is surely not a gift  Different in style is definite  And style which I flaunt is sure legit  Now set aside, I say I hold pride  In performing this melodic misfit  So swing 'cause this pitcher is pitching  In sense JD Dove is now saying  All sing along to his favorite song  WHile the pocket transistors are playing  But least but not last I'm frightened  For the words that I reply hold doom  Life of the check can be stopped by accident  When you're tripping the wire of the Plug Tune  (Hmm-mm, hmm-mm, hmm-mm, hmm-mm, hmmm)  (Mmm-hmm, yeah)  (No-one that I know can live my life for me)  (Are you ready for this?) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: De La Soul Album: De La Soul is Dead Song: Oodles of O's Typed by: OHHLA.com [Dove] Oodles and oodles of O's, you know You get 'em from my sister You get 'em from my bro All I is is man, and once an embryo Am I solid gold? I don't cast a glow Yes, I guess it's reflex Some have no control I'd rather let a laughter And tally, off I go Canoeing in the river or out into the O You just know we're not So not play the role Some are lovey-Dovey, ah you crazy crow Some shake your hand but (This is called the Show) I was John Doe, now I'm Mr. Joliceau Pissed with the witness, and now I adore O's got the world 'cause O's was on tour Girls gave the O's and guys, oh for sure Where they arose, well nobody knows What do they mean, well here's how it goes Oh shoot's got the O's when you hold the dough You know who you are but they didn't know And now with respect they flex like a pro You're first another nigger but now an Afro Oodles and oodles of O's and Oodles and oodles and oodles of O's ya know They givin' oodles of O's and O's And oodles and oodles and oodles of O's ya know They givin' oodles of O's and O's And oodles and oodles and oodles of (OH!) [Pos] Last of the fast Plug pipers at the door In your eye, burning like rubbing alcohol Native is the Tongue that speaks the Guacomo Kinfolk will play this in stere-ere-o Chanters play the part of a herd at a show Pos prints the peace on his jeans or Jebos But let the herd know if beef they wanna throw Lunches of punches is what I bestow Oodles of O's has the "Hoo's" in mic checks O's take the shape of medallions and specs Don't forget the O's that let the air in my nose Breathe in the fresh as the stale hit the road Girls ask for flicks and unblock the pores Eat the Al Greens, won't sniff the ker-plows Mase got something to say and it goes: (Maseo is rockin' on the radio) Now I think we're talkin' 'bout the oodles of O's Ya know, I think we're talkin' 'bout the Oodles of O's, yeah We're talkin' 'bout the oodles of O's ya know I think we're talkin' 'bout the oodles of O's I think we're talkin' 'bout the oodles of O's Ya know, I think we're talkin' 'bout the (Oh, shit) Hoods like to play macho, ya know Guns goin' "bo!" people hit the floor Don't have a piece but an arrow and bow Target it firm 'cause I'm head Comancho Charging barricades like a raging rhino The donuts come big and some in jumbo The Landlord is finished but before I go I'll give a shout out to Quest And my fellow Jungle Bro's [Dove] Knocked by the dock of the bay by the shore Swimmin' in the rhythm of the hi-de-hi-de-ho Punk Pinocchios gotta go, gotta go (What's the reason?) to be cheerful Season is breeze, time to pimp promo Nuts can no flow if the shade is in the dough On with me hat, d-d-duh-duh-doh, Dredlock is heading out the door y'all [De La Soul] We're selling O's, y'all We're selling O's and O's We're selling O's at the corner store y'all We're selling O's, y'all We're selling oodles and oodles and oodles And oodles of O's, y'all We're selling O's, y'all, at the corner store We're selling O's at the corner store, y'all We're selling O's, y'all, at the corner store We're selling O's and O's and O's, O's, y'all We're selling oodles and oodles of O's, y'all We're selling oodles and oodles of O's, y'all We're selling oodles and oodles... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: De La Soul Album: De La Soul is Dead Song: Talkin' Bout Hey Love  (The radio is so clear in here.)  (Hey)  POS AND ANN ROBERTS:  Hey Love  Talkin' bout Hey Love  Wanna be your push and shove  Pop, popcorn up above  Move me like Soul when I say  Go to a club around the way  And see my Hey DJ  And make him play Hey Love  Discover all the football teams  Mack and eat jelly beans  Run in the cold with no jeans  Get yourself sick till we're seen  Catch the flu and make tea  How Dan Stuckie life will be  It's all about you and me  'Cause you're my Hey Love  (Hey)  Move me like Soul when I say  Go to a club around the way  And see my Hey DJ  And make him play Hey Love  (Hey)  TESHA STILLS: Look Pos, we gotta talk.  POS: Talk about what?  TESHA: Don't play stupid with me, you know what we gotta talk about.  POS: What?  TESHA: About you becoming fully dedicated.  POS: So we're about to go through these line-runs again, huh?  TESHA: You're damn right. I wanna know whatever you do for me has  anything to do with love.  POS: Look, I come all the way from L.I. to the Bronx to see you, isn't  that showing you love?  TESHA: You see that's just it Pos, I don't wanna be just your Bronx  love, I wanna be your Hey Love.  POS: You wanna be my what?  TESHA: I said I wanna be your Hey Love. I mean it's just not the mood  being one of the many girls on your  list, and you wouldn't be dissing me like this if I was your Hey Love.  POS: Look, I do everything I can to treat you like a rose.  TESHA: Yeah but you even give better treatment to that girl named  Selina from uptown like a Daisy. You even  gave her some of your special donuts for free.  POS: So this is what this is all about, huh? Donuts.  TESHA: No, Pos, can't you hear the music, it's all about Hey Love  POS: I don't understand why you're dissing me, it's not like I'm Paul,  I don't have two kids in every state.  TESHA: But you probably got two girls in every state. If you're not  going to go about it the way I want you  to, then just leave, 'cause I can't be so bothered.  POS: Yeah. (mumbled) And wit your wrinkled pussy...  (I can't be your lover)  (Where's that voice coming from? From... from nowhere?) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: De La Soul Album: De La Soul is Dead Song: Pease Porridge  SCHEMING PUNK PINOCCHIOS: (Bobby Simmons and Prince Paul)  - Yo, gee.  - Yo, word up, gee, man.  - Yo, man you heard about that club called the Donut Hill, B?  - Yeah, man, I heard it's kinda fly, man.  - Yo man, Rakim and De La be up there all the time!  - Word up! Yo, De La? Yo, those punk kids, man?  - They ain't punks, man.  - Yo man, those kids are wack man, straight up booty, wack.  - Yo, but, yo, that "Buddy", that was kind of fly, man, and  "Potholes?" Slammin'. Slammin'.  - Yeah, it was. Word up, yo it was, but forget that man, after they  came out with "Plug One, Plug Two" then "Potholes", yo,  then they fell of with the brothers, yes they did man, yo, they were  straight up pop, man, I'm telling you, forget them faggots.  - Yo check it out, though, WRMS is throwin' a party at the club,  though, man, yo I bet you they'll be there!  - Yeah! All right, so let the brothers show up, man, let them brothers  show up and get cold jacked when the leaders run up on them!  (Background:)  (Pease porridge in the pot)  (Pease porridge in the pot)  (Pease porridge in the pot)  (Nine days old)  POS:  My name, my name, my name is the Pasta  Now I like, I like I like to plug the real thing  So loose, so loose, so loose with the tap dance,  The funk, the funk, funky funky stuff I bring  My tribe, my tribe, my tribe is known as Native Tongues,  Consists, consists, consists of Jungle, Quest and others  Get played, get played, played a lot on radio  And also, and also, and also by some foul brothers  The Pease, the Pease the Pease Porridge never failed  It kept, it kept us calm, our stylin' merry  But late, but lately loonies acting real bold  Can't sip in luxury my apple cranberry  Girls watch, and watch, and watch I dance the big tut  Our home, our home our homeboys has to plan tricks  Don't real, don't real, don't realise the Native Tongue  Is rollin' strong and we're startin' in the megamix  GOSSIP GLADIATORS: (Lashawna and Jenette)  - Yo, Miss Thing!  - Yo Merisa, what's up?  - You heard what happened at the Donut Hill the other night? - Yo I  was there and those De La kids was fighting, yo they was wildin'.  - Word man?  - Word, the whole thing happened in front of my face, yo, they was on  the dance floor, right, some kid stepped up to  them and said something about hippies, then punks, and the chubby one,  Plug Three?  - Yeah. Plug Three, yeah I know him.  - All right, Plug Three, all right, he walked up to this kid, hit him  real quick, think he didn't when he did, and then them  other kids the Jungle Brothers and Quest and, um, what's the other  ones, the other ones?  - The Violators.  - The Violators, right, right, throwing chairs, and they didn't care  who they was hitting, you think they wasn't?  - Yeah. I know, I thought it was supposed to be about peace signs,  things like that, you know...  MASE:  Question, and that's if only I can ask this question  Can I? (Yes you can!)  Why do people think just because we speak peace  We can't blow no joints?  (I-I-I don't know)  GRANDMA MASE: (Squirrel)  Mase, this is the ninth day I've reheated this porridge. You know it  keeps me peacefully, no?  MASE:  Yeah, but my tolerance level has now peaked  And now it's time for some heads to get flown  DOVE:  We bring, we bring, we bring, we bring the peace of course  But pack a nine inside, inside my De La drawers  A picture, picture, picture, picture painted pink  Could turn to red, to red, to red in blooded quick  But in a single file my Native Tongue is calm  I rather, rather pass a brother palm to palm  I kick, I kick, I kick a verse of unity  And shack, and shackle steps to the beat, beat  I click, I click the TV to the Simpsons  And sip the Porridge deep into my system  So mel, so mellow mode is my day mode  Inside the studio or on a road  The Swing, the Swingalow is the now step  It's murder if you bet 'cause you're life's jep  To praise, to praise the Soul is on a down drag  It's false, because I'll spray you with the Black Flag  (Pease Porridge in the pot)  (Pease Porridge in the pot)  (Pease Porridge in the pot)  (Nine days old)  POS:  Can't stand, can't stand, can't stand the pop music  Brother, brother, brothers pop a lot of pow  Don't watch, don't watch, don't watch a lot of basketball  Don't und, don't understand the act of being fouled  Hey D, hey D, hey DJ set the record up  It's time, it's time, it's time to tame the annoying pups  Throw on the Touching Fingers serenade  So we can throw our lemonade  In their face and kick their little butts  FIGHT COMMENTATORS: (Squirrel and Mikey Roads)  - And off, and Mase is the first to throw a punch and he connects  lovely to the ribcage. Wouldn't you say so Squirrel?  - Indeed, indeed, I waould say he showed a lot of formulate  combination, but look at the hoodlum trying to escape.  - Yeah, it seems that that particular hoodlum showed great form in  trying to escape, but he, ah, just got his ass busted.  (Background:)  (Touching fingers, touch, touch)  (One at a time, touch together)  DOVE:  People wanna get ragged with the reruns  Me not, me not, me not scared to trudge a bit  They can't, they can't, they can't get close to none  I tap, I tap, I tap a dance war skit  The por, the por, the Porridge got crazy cold  We won't, we won't eat until the heads are flown  Take advantage to a cool one's peaceful ways  But when, but when we fly that head all the people say  THE FROG: (Lisle Leete)  Here in Frogland, we always eat our Porridge, 'cause it keeps us frogs  real peaceful like.  JABIB: (Jarobi)  In my land, my people adore Porridge. And I don't understand why De La  Soul is so violent, and we are  so peaceful, we sit by the camp fire and listen to our rituals, and  they are so violent. I don't understand,  I don't understand.  (Pease Porridge in the pot)  (Pease Porridge in the pot)  (Pease porridge in the pot)  (Nine days old)  (Pease Porridge in the pot)  (Pease porridge in the pot)  (Pease Porridge in the pot)  (Nine days old)  (Pease Porridge in the pot) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: De La Soul Album: De La Soul is Dead Song: Johnny's Dead AKA Vincent Mason (Live From the BK Lounge)  DOVE:  This one is a short rendition in which me and pianist mate of mine  by the name of Prince Paul... I shall not relieve, I mean reveal, my  identity...  (Girl in background: That's not funny.)  So, I think we shall begin like this. Are you ready, Prince Paul?  You're fuckin' us up, man!  PAUL: My playin's good, man!  DOVE: Fuckin' us up, man! As we begin again... rude interruption from  our audience...  (Background laughter)  Here we go.  Oh Johnny  You got a bullet in your forehead, boy  Don't you understand, you dead  Buried six feet under the concrete  Ooh-aww-oh  That's the noise he made when he got shot  But Johnny's still dead  Still dead  Thought about his mama  Thought about his father Josephine  Nobody could help the boy when he hit the concrete  Ooh-aww-oh  The last words said by Johnny  But now he's six feet under and he's dead  Our next song we'll play is called Jenifa, we'll be back in a minute. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: De La Soul f/ Q-Tip Album: De La Soul is Dead Song: A Roller Skating Jam Named "Saturdays"  (And rollerskates)  (And rollerskates)  (And rollerskates)  Q-TIP:  Girl meets boy on Thursday night  Boy was high, girl fly like kite  They hold hands until next day  Boy then lets go, hit his way  Boy rules butt, brags to his boys  Erection brings bad boy joys  Boy thinks of that big fat back  Big black fat love, big black fat  Girl calls boy to stand him up on Saturday  Saturday  POS AND Q-TIP:  Saturday, it's a Saturday  It's a Saturday, it's a Saturday  Saturday, it's a Saturday  Saturday, it's a Saturday  POS:  Back once more with the wallop in the score  Must I ride and rip, should I make you rock your hip  Reviver of a roller-boogie in a rink  And sure to make you think about the times  To scope fun instead of fights  (But diving from a piece of metal sure to take your life)  Yo, slip your butt to the fix of this mix  Toss that briefcase, it's time to let loose  'Cause you've worked like heck to get the week in check  So unfasten that noose around your neck  Connected like a vibe from the wheel to the foot  Come on everybody dig the funky output  VINIA:  Five days you work  One whole day to play  Come on everybody, wear your rollerskates today  It's Saturday, Saturday  Saturday, it's Saturday  Saturday, it's Saturday  Saturday, it's Saturday-ay  (Is the word, is the word, is the word)  POS:  Now as you pump your fist I reminisce  To a bounce, rock, skate, roll  Fess to impress  Hey, pretty diamond, do you like the way I'm dressed  Cool, keep the faith and be my mate  'Cause all we need is feet  (And rollerskates)  But promote the hustle 'cause it keeps me thin  No need to talk, look who just walked in  DOVE:  (Is there a Dred on skates?)  Yes, man  (So kick the wham on this jam)  Oh Mr. Sprinkler, Mr. Sprinkler  Wet me for one, Mr. Sprinkler  I'm heatin' high-five in a daze, no split  With a yawn I trip to the dawn  Out comes the bodies following the one idea  It's clear, rattle to the roll  Hold back up the track, grab your rollerskates y'all  And let's zip on by  Zip-a-de-doo-dah, let's zip on by  Feed on a weed and we're feeling high  Sun is on thick and the cheese is rollin' quick  Come on, there's no time to hide  Season is twist, spinning and winning  No hackeysack, let let me in  Spill on the bottom away, but it's okay, huh  It's a Saturday  POS:  Now let's all get baked like Anita  Q-TIP:  Watch Mr. Lawnge, don't look at the peter  DOVE:  Feel on the fun, I'll feel on the  VINIA:  Hey, watch that!  DE LA SOUL:  It's a Saturday  VINIA:  Now is the time  To act the fool tonight  Forget about your worries and you will be all right  It's Saturday, Saturday  Saturday, it's Saturday  Saturday, it's Saturday  Saturday, it's Saturday-ay-ay-ay-ay-ay  (Aaoww)  (Saturday)  (Saturday)  (Saturday)  (Saturday)  (Saturday)  (Saturday)  (Saturday)  (Saturday) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: De La Soul Album: De La Soul is Dead Song: WRMS' Dedication to the Bitty  SQUIRREL: We've just played fifteen minutes of commercial free music.  Of course you're listening to WRMS FM, and we  play nothing but De La Slow music. We're coming up on the hour of ten  o'clock. It's a full moon, and perfect night  for lovers. We're about to do something we don't usually do, and  that's... we'll I'll show you.  BITTY: Hello, hello, who's this?  SQUIRREL: Squirrel.  BITTY: Hi! Listen, I don't have a lot of time, my name's Mizuna, I'm  on my dinner break from Burger King and I just  called to tell you that I love your new radio station, I love  everything you guys do.  SQUIRREL: Thank you. And with that, the next song is just  for you. And when you go back tell all the Burger King  honeys that if they want to call and talk to me, just call  WRMS. See ya. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: De La Soul Album: De La Soul Is Dead Song: Bitties in the BK Lounge Typed by: OHHLA.com [Part One]   Yo man let me make some Cpt. Krunch   man alright    Yo man we have any milk?   Yeah, what time is it?   I don't know, what day is it?    Don't know, well I'll tell you.  Well it was a Wednesday   me and Boss Hog was kinda hungry  like two eggs, and a slop beef slice of lettuce  and a glass of milk and some cookies.  Spotted in the mist was a BK logo  what we said - well what do you know  this chick thought I was trying to play fly  cause I had a pair of blue jeans on. Young girl, won't you take my order? she said, "Yeah, but right now I'm kinda busy... can't you see I'm trying to put this band aid on my finger?" Lingering, I could tell she's a B-K mademoiselle Ripped uniform and bottom bell and some Jelly stuff on her sleeve Look to this cause I had no name tag on my collar could be pissed cause she's clocking 2.45 an hour And then Boss Hog hollar "Girl you better make this quick!" She said, "I ain't your girl and I ain't your chick!" I had an idea and lickity split took my hat off and that was it Dread locks fallen all over me and then I said "Yeah now we'll see!" And o' with quick velocity honey was mesmerized  "Ain't you that guy?" "Aint you that GIRL!"  "De La Soul, right?" "No Tracy Chapman!"  "Why don't you come over to the counter; and write me out an   autograph?" Ha ha ha, I had to laugh She was quick with the Bic just to get that autograph But me and Hogg just laughed, and laughed  "What's the name of that song you sing?" "Living in a fast car," I said Forget about the order I made I'll go get a slice of pizza instead. Chorus: repeat 2X Bitties in the BK lounge, All they do is beg and they scrounge Bitties in the BK lounge (2x) [Part Two] F - female P2 - Posdonus F - Excuse me, would you take my order I have to go   Shashawna's got a real job, dag don't you know! P2 - Oh yeah, Now I recognize   The real real bitty with the fake fake eyes   Yo, can I interest you in some burgers and fries? F - Yes you can, but you can keep your lies   cause you know you can't diss me   but your pissing me off   I know where you live and I know that your soft   You're as booty as they come [booty?]   and you dress like a geek   my shoes cost more than you make in two weeks P2 - Look, you don't have to play fly in here   I can tell your fly by the weave that you wear!   But you must be aware that a fly can be swatted by a BK tray   By the way yo, here's yours F - I know your just sweating me to kill the noise   of your polyester pants and thier o' so high waters   Look at what you do all day but take orders   You bow tie wearing, clocking and staring   I know your just upset because you cant get the rat/wrap   I think you Chubby for my man is living slack P2 - Yeah, I know your man, the biggest punk in school   selling devil rock to the fiends and the fools!   With one hand that punk I could snap- the kid is so skinny... F - But we be livin fat P2 - Speaking of fat, would you like a diet soda?   Cause less fat on you would spare us all the odor   Better yet pour it down the pants and let the acid kill   the smell that should have been left to Masingel!   Let me make you a deal, take the soda free and jet   I got to much family to heed your threats F - Are you a family man? [Word booty!]   Well I shouldn't be surprized    your sister's flipping burgers and your momma's frying fries P2 - Don't even try that shit! F - Oh damn look! [What?] F - Here comes one more   It's your father he just finished mooping the floor   Now give them a hand, its the BK clan   So you can't talk garbage about who I am P2 - well, arn't we living foul   Speaking of foul how bout some chicken for the cow?   Ops I meant you sorry for the mix up   but your stomachs always big from the sexual slip ups! F - I could buy you and sell you for pennies, young man!   {You'd better!}   I think theres something you should understand   I try to be nice and help the poor make money   And since I know you need it, I'll go elsewhere dummy!   Now B-K workers is too damn rude   I think I'll go get me some Chinese food [Part Three] P3 - Maseo F - Females P3 - Eh ha-ha, eh ha-ha, eh ha-ha    Eh ha-ha, eh ha-ha, eh ha-ha   Eh ha-ha, eh ha-ha, eh ha-ha   eh ha-ha, eh ha-ha, eh ha-ha-hah F - Maseo, what goes on? Maseo, what goes on? P3 - I don't know F - Maseo, what goes on? Maseo, what goes on? P3 - I don't know F - Maseo, what goes on? Maseo, what goes on? P3 - I don't know F - Maseo, what goes on? P3 - I don't know, but check me on out   Bitties, y'all be flippin F - Ah-ah, ya buggin P3 - Bitties y'all be flippin F - Ah-ah, ya buggin P3 - Ask for a burger, catch an attitude   The taste is worse, come off extremely rude    But when I snap back, you're tamperin my FOOOOOD! F - Ah-ah, ya buggin P3 - Bitties y'all be flippin F - Ah-ah, ya buggin P3 - Bitties y'all be flippin..   Honey, your hair really looks a bore   A fool of a hat, not mine's for sure   Forget the burger, let's walk up over a donut store   Eh ha-ha-ha-hah The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: De La Soul Album: De La Soul is Dead Song: My Brother's a Basehead  (Make the bass come out so clear)  POS:  This song does not contain explicit lyrics, but what it does contain  is an udesired element. This element is known as the basehead, the  lowest of lowest of all elements that exist. And the sad thing is,  this particular element... is me brudda!  Brother, brother oh brother of mine  We used to be down as partners in crime  From our parents our name was forged  I was the Beaver, you Curious George  Wanted to dispose of this and that  But curiosity had killed the cat  At this age no wonder it was read  But this was the fate that you were fed  Throughout high school our minds we'd waste  High off all the cheeba that we could taste  Soon you had converted to nasal sports  Every five minutes cocaine you'd snort  Told me that you needed a stronger fix  Stepped to the crack scene in '86  Unlike the other drugs where you had control  This substance had engulfed your body and soul  Now from me you lost all respect  Said yo need to put that shit in check  Wanted me to believe that you had tried  But your mind and the craving had coincided  Said there was a voice inside you that talked  Which said you shouldn't stop but continue to walk  Now the brother who could handle any drug  Had just found the one that could pull his Plug  (Background:)  (Ya don't stop, ya don't, ya don't stop)  (Ya don't stop, the body rock)  DOVE:  "Yo, bro, got another rock for your hiking boots"  "Gonna make you scream and loop three loops"  "Gonna take you far on a freeway, okay"  Remember that day? Slipped me a smile for a 20 crack vial  Guess what? Time to collect, correct  Don't have a dime? It's payback time, payback time  "Don't cry the blues 'cause I got bad news"  "Should I stab ya? Should I bite ya? Should I use my tools?"  No, I got another way to earn my defeat, ah!  (Slam the child on the hard concrete)  (Make the bass come out so clear)  POS:  Brother, brother, stupid brother of mine  Started getting high at the age of nine  Now at twenty-one you're lower than low  Nowhere to turn, nowhere to go  My dividends and wares started to disappear  Where it ended up, I had an idea  Barking you with the quickness, reversed intent  Instead went to Pop and gave him the print  Now Pop grew tired of being a mouse  Finally told you to get the hell outta the house  From there a mother figure came into play  Claimed for you she saw a better day  Now Mom was a product of Christ's rebirth  Thought the only chance was to go to church  Quitting this stuff you had tried before  This time you claimed you'd really score  Something I had to see to believe  Put on my suit and to church I weaved  PREACHER (Squirrel):  My, my, my. What happened to the people? The people who used to care  about what took place in the world today? I've been summoned here  today to reach the people who still can be reached, to save the people  who still can be saved. Can I get an Amen? Can I get an Amen?  Hit me! Forgive us. Said it's taking over. Taking over the world. All  it's doing is taking over. Where them crackers at? Them crackers that  they serve, where they at?  DOVE AND MIKEY ROADS (In background as choir):  Said evil's taking over  Said evil's taking over  Said evil's taking over, evil's taking over  The Lord's gonna forgive us, the Lord's gonna forgive us, Lord  Said the Lord's gonna forgive us  The Lord's gonna forgive us  POS:  Bullshit, didn't believe a lick  To this fool fell off, well that would stick  Soon you reach your front of calm  Walked round by rehearsing psalms  Then you smiled with the funky frown  What do you know, the voice is back in town  Mom would say it would soon go away  You and I knew it was here to stay  But the man helped you when you helped yourself  That meant going to rehab for your health  Finally it went and blew your cork  Heard you moved to the comfortable streets of New York  And when my friends see me and come and ask  "Yo, where's your brother at?"  I'll be the first to splash  "Yo, he's a basehead"  (- Yo know who that was?)  (- No.)  (- The guy from De La Soul. Pos. Posdnuos.)  (- Who?)  (- You heard of De La Soul, right?)  (- Right.)  (- Well he was the one from De La Soul.)  (- The one with the real nappy hair.)  (- The one with... the dark-skinned one.)  (- With the glasses?)  (- Yeah.)  (- [Background] Yeah, the ugly one!)  (Fuck you bitch!)  (And kept goin'...) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: De La Soul Album: De La Soul is Dead Song: Let, Let Me In  (Ooh ah, ooh ah, ooh ah, ooh ah)  (Ooh weee, sho' lookin' fine)  (Ooh weee, sho' lookin' fine)  (Let, let me in)  DOVE:  I got good news, I got eye witness  Good news, I got eye witness  Due in a hip lift, dead into my phenomenon  Dazed with the quickness  Sweat, one sweat, two sweat, three  Motions, what motions? What could it be?  She, she (watchin' you) who, me?  Hon, Velveeta got your cut  (Ain't no lockin' up now)  Give the symmetrics to your bottom  (Ain't no lockin' up)  Shake less of that Catholic cool  Push panic, the button, and freeze  A's for Amen, J's for the Jenifa  Oh Jennys, oh please oh please  (Oh please oh please)  Let, let me in, let, let me in  Let, let me in, let, let me in  Let, let me in, let, let me in  Let, let me in, let, let me in  POS:  Force it like a motion, let me in to that  Flower power child, let me in to that  Let me sew your panic button, let me in to that  I got the semen headlocked, you won't get fat  Just lay, lay back, way, way, way  The oops up, it's a clear Saturday  We're selling my all-expense July paid  By the way, what's your name?  Just kidding, I know it's Renee  No, it isn't? Word, word, well check it out  Check, check it out  I got my my mind made up, come on, get it  Take a test, child  And get with this Pos position  From beginning to the Huckleberry Fin  If I was to yodel, would you let me in?  Let, let me in, let, let me in  Let, let me in, let, let me in  Let, let me in, let, let me in  Pos got the skyrocket in his jeans  Would you let me in if I was to sing  Like a hookey-non-stop-reggae-roost-rasta-king  Jimmy done starburst, know what I mean  Jimmy done burst, gotta come clean  Yo, Maseo, blow this scene  MASE:  Dip, dip, di, you're making me cry  With that onion between your thighs  Come give me some of that brown sugar  So the sweets can make me active  If I said you were attractive  May I supplement with an additive?  Hey, hooker let me hook you with my reel  Take you to the crib, cook up a real meal  Skip the meal and walk this way  (Hey, hey, hey)  Come on into my room, here we go  Here we here we here we go  (Boom!) Did you feel the bed break?  (Boom!) Did you feel the floor shake?  (Boom!) Did you feel the earth quake?  (Boom!) Now, quick, do you wanna take a break?  Let, let me in, let, let me in  Let, let me in, let, let me in  Let, let me in, let, let me in  Let, let me in, let, let me in  (What's this?)  (What?)  (In your pocket, that bulge?)  (Hey, hey, hey!)  (Harry, let me see it)  (Jumping jehosaphat!)  (Quaggin', quakin' and shakin')  (And that's no fakin')  (Let me see the gun, Harry, I want to see if it's been fired)  (Why are you complaining? I've always given you a piece of the action)  (So he huffed and he puffed and he huffed and he puffed)  (And at last he blew the house in) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: De La Soul Album: De La Soul is Dead Song: Afro Connections at a Hi 5 (in the eyes of the hoodlum)  POS: This is dedicated to all those hardcore acts.  DOVE: Yeah, you know them brothers that we used to  look up to, that fell the fuck off.  MASE: And now they doing all that R'n'B sh..(crocker!)  DOVE: You mean Rhthym and Blues?  DE LA SOUL: No! Rappin' Bullsh...  DOVE:  Connection A, click, what?  My dick, chick  I smack a fish if you thinks  My connection ain't thick, dick  Headed like a punk whip  I travel miles with a rhythmic lip  I rock an Afro  In '83, gee, yo  And spray the sheen so I get a Soul Glow  I play the corner tough  And me and Mase pull puffs on a blunt  MASE:  Givin' high-five is what I want  So I puff a blunt, I don't front  I get spliffed, get a stiff  Then I go hump a stunt  Like a pimp pro  (Nah, man, a super ho)  That's cool 'cause I'm still an Afro bro  Yeah, I'm live for my life is hectic  Every hour, every minute, every second  I keep a level head and stay down to earth  'Cause I've been an Afro since birth  POS:  Yeah  Now I hold my crotch 'cause I'm top-notch  I run amok Sasquatch, and I like to eat live crab  I've got five beepers, you scab  But you can find me directly on the Ave  (You niggas cheat me, well who's that!)  My breath never smells wack  I eat the watermelon Tic-Tac  Before I kiss myself I always jump back  (Yo, gee, this track is stack)  (And you know that)  I do three flips  When a punk flip on my duke lifts  But I flex more strength when I'm asleep  On the other side with his main tapes  Make her dry her face, buy her gold earlocks  But I may, she flocks round me like a donut  She got sprinkles but I bite my way out  More brothers come about, try to scheme slick  But the Native Tongue's thick  Lick 'em real good, like a real hood should  But the fly tape let the car speakers shake  I ran a cop down, I smile a frown with a but  Show gold teeth, 'cause I ain't a vegetarian  Not scared of beef, sport a feather like Chief  Got a scribble pad, you can get these gonads  'Cause I'm big-willed, blow off like a seal  'Cause connection with the Afro is real  DOVE:  I be the gift of gab, but be a bro with a diss  Because it's tough to bluff a cab  No wonder Melle Mel is 'Rrrr-RAH!'  I play of tape of the son of La-di-da  My cousin Rilo sells blow, a G a day  Keeps his kids hooray, a size nine and half  I kicks my tricks, is to live for Island  I mug a mug vic, but I's cool, I self  With the quickness I bust the true slang  Show no pit to those who don't understand  MASE:  The Maseo got tailed with the big bail  I busted loose but now the blue goose is on my tail  I seen the ghetto go lower than it is  (He don't care, 'cause his nigga's selling crack to the kids)  My jeans are brand new, with twelve more  In the closet with my silk, and below  My 45 pack thick, draw quick  If a nigga starts some shibidibidit  My crib is uptown, downtown, L.I.  And another crib in Queens  I munch some cornbread, Boar's Head  My favorite porck chops and  A plate of collar greens  I chill with Shymel, Akeem, Jaheed  And the Rastafarians'll be the crown in  And the Poppa  But the connections are still a high-five  (Let's get busy) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: De La Soul Album: De La Soul is Dead Song: Rap De Rap Show  (Here we go.)  THE DOO DOO MAN:  How y'all feelin' out there! You're listening to the Rap De Rap show  and I'm the Doo Doo Man playing all the slammin' rap tunes for all  you Mack Daddies and Mackettes, so hold tight for a one hour rap sweep  on WRMS. Who's the Doo Doo Man?  (You're the Doo Doo Man!)  Who's the Doo Doo Man?  (You're the Doo Doo Man!)  MIKE:  Yeah, ha ha ha. You're listening to MC Rocco Ribs and the BBQ Crew,  and when we're not burning that pork, we're in New York listening to  the Rap De Rap Show on WRMS!  KIM CARTER:  Y-y-y-y-yo, this is Kim KC and I'm chillin' with the Suckwheat Posse,  and when I'm not home making a hamhock sandwich, I'm listening to  Rap De Rap Show on WRMS. You ravioli heads, we outta here. Ooh ooh  ooh, the Doo Doo Man!  Q-TIP:  Yo, yo, what's up, 's up, this is Q-Q-Tip-Tip from a Tribe Tribe  called Quest Quest Quest, I'm listening to the Doo Doo Man on  WRMS-S-S-S and I'm out!  MASE:  Yo, my name is MC No Shame, and when I ain't getting busted in bed  with your mama, or sellin' crack to the kids at Amityville High  School, hey I'm listening to my man, the Doo Doo Man, on WRMS, peace!  DE LA SOUL:  This this this this is De La Soul, Pos Love  This is Dove Love  Mase Love  And when we're not here we're where?  WRMS y'all, with who? The Doo Doo Man!  DIVINE STYLER:  Yo, peace, this is the D-I-V-Ine Styler-Ine, and all come inside  Divine, I'm listenig to my man, the Doo Doo Man, on WRMS. I am outta  here, ha ha ha!  BOBBY SIMMONS:  Yo what's up my name is Colonel Bobby, I'm listening to the Doo Doo  Man on WRMS... yo, and I'm outta here, peace.  JUNGLE BROTHERS:  Ha, yo, ha ha, the JB's! JB's in the house! Jungle Brothers, word up,  on WRMS, Rap De Rap, my man! Like roaches lickin' soup. Doo Doo  Man! Checkin' out the Doo Doo Man.  (You got the cooties)  PAUL:  Yo, this is Prince Paul, when I'm not brushing my teeth with DiDi 7 or  boosting my memory or purchasing real estate tapes, I'm listening  to my stromie, my homie, the Doo Doo Man on WRMS! Rrr-RRAH!  POPMASTER HIGHT:  Hey hey hey Paul, I got a job for ya. You know that guy Rufus? That  mouli? Freakin' lick him. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: De La Soul Album: De La Soul is Dead Song: Millie Pulled a Pistol on Santa "If you will suck my soul I will lick your funky emotions" This is the stylin' for a little that sounds silly But nothin' silly about triflin' times of Millie Millie, a Brooklyn Queen-originally from Philly Complete with that accent that made her sound hilly-billy Around this time, the slammin' joint was Milk is Chilin' But even cooler was my social worker Dillon Yeah, I had a social worker 'cuz I had some troubles Anyone who'd riff on me, I'd pop their dome like bubbles He'd bring me to his crib to watch my favorite races That's how his daughter Millie become one of my favorite faces She had the curves that made you wanna take chances I mean on her, man, I'd love to make advances I guess her father must 'a got the same feelin' I mean, actually findin' his own daughter Millie appealing At the time no one knew but it was a shame That Millie became a victim of the touchy-touchy game Yo Millie, what's the problem, lately you've been buggin' On your dukie earrings, someone must be tuggin' You were a dancer who could always be found clubbin' Now you're world renowned with the frown you're luggin' Come to think your face look stink when Dill's around you He's your father-what done happen-did he ground you? You shouldn't flip on him 'cuz Dill is really cool Matter of fact, the coolest elder in the school He hooked up a trip to bring us all the Lacey He volunteered to play old Santa Claus at Macy's Child, ya got the best of pops anyone could have Dillon's cool, super hip, you should be glad Yeah, it seemed that Santa's ways were parallel with Dillon But when Millie and him got him, he was more of a villain While she slept in he crept inside her bedroom And he would toss and then would force her to give him head room Millie tried real hard to let this hell not happen But when she'd fuss, he would just commence to slappin' (Yo Dillon man, Millie's been out of school for a week, man, what's the deal?) I guess he was givin' Millie's bruises time to heal Of course he told us she was sick and we believed him And at the department store as Santa we would see 'em And as he smiled, his own child was at home plottin' How off the face of this earth she was gonna knock him When I got home, I found she had tried to call me My machine had kicked to her hey how ya doin' (sorry) I tried to call the honey but her line was busy I guess I'll head to Macy's and bug out on Dillon I received a call from Misses Sick herself I asked her how was she recoverin' her health She said that what she had to ask would make it seem minute She wanted to talk serious, I said, "go ahead-shoot" She claimed I hit the combo dead upon the missal Wanted to know if I could get a loaded pistol That ain't a problem but why would Millie need one She said she wanted her pops Dillon to heed one Ran some style about him pushin' on her privates Look honey, I don't care if you kick five fits There's no way that you can prove to me that Dill's flip He might breathe a blunt but ya jeans he wouldn't rip You're just mad he's your overseer at school No need to play him out like he's someone cruel She kicked that she would go get it from somewhere else Yeah, whatever you say, go for ya self Macy's department store, the scene for Santa's kisses And all the little brats demandin' all of their wishes Time passes by as I wait for my younger brother He as his wish, I waste no time to return him back to Mother As I'm jettin', Millie floats in like a zombie I ask her what's her problem, all she says is "Where is he?" I give a point, she pulls a pistol, people screamin' She shouts to Dill he's off to hell cuz he's a demon None of the kids could understand what was the cause All they could see was a girl holdin' a pistol on Claus Dillon pleaded mercy, said he didn't mean to Do all the things that her mind could do nothing but cling to Millie bucked him and with the quickness it was over The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: De La Soul Album: De La Soul is Dead Song: Who Do U Worship?  RONALD CHEVALIER: Aha! What a beautiful day in the concrete jungle.  I think I'll go down to Goliath and just be a fuckin' dickhead!  Damn, I feel good today. I'm looking forward to going and just beating  the  shit out of someone and taking their money. What a fucking great job I  have!  I wonder why I feel so good. Could it be the music?  Could it be my breakfast? Or could it just be the fact that  I just hate everybody, dammit!  Life is grand, life is great, I'll get myself a real cheap date.  Some woman I can take to McDonalds, spend a dollar twenty-five on,  and have like, the best time of your life with afterwards.  Life is too good to believe sometimes.  But we all can't have it the way I do, so to all you suckers out  there,  kiss off. All right? Bye bye! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: De La Soul Album: De La Soul is Dead Song: Kicked Out the House  DOVE:  In no way are we trying to disrespect any sort of house or club  music, but we're just glad that we're not doing it. And if we were,  this is how it would go.  (I can't be your lover)  (I can't)  Kicked out the house, you got  Kicked out the house, hip house  Kicked out the house for good  (I can't)  Kicked out the house, you got  Kicked out the house, hip house  Kicked out the house for good  (I can't be your lover)  (With your wrinkled pussy)  (I can't be your lover)  (With your wrinkled oh, oh oh)  (I can't be your lover)  (With your wrinkled pussy)  (I can't be your lover)  (With your wrinkled oh, oh oh)  (I can't be your lover)  (P-p-p-p-p-p-p-p-put it on vibrate!)  (P-p-p-p-put it on vibrate!)  (Put it on vibrate!)  (P-p-p-p-p-p-put it on vibrate!)  (P-p-put it on vibrate!)  Kicked out the house, you got  Kicked out the house, hip house  Kicked out the house for good  You got, you got, kicked out of this house, baby  For good  (I can't I can't I can't be your lover)  (Put it on vibrate!)  (Put it on vibrate!) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: De La Soul Album: De La Soul is Dead Song: Pass the Plugs  (This time, put it in mellow)  Pass the peas like they used to say  Pass the peas like they used to say  Pass the peas like they used to say  Pass the peas like they used to say (ha ha ha, ha ha ha ha)  POS:  First P is passed  I am known as  Posdnuos, Plug One to the whole race  Rhyme on a tour  Smart and much more  Dispatch I've stood themes with the Mad Face  Tall dark and lean  Was once nineteen  Now I'm one year older with reason  Clean thoughts and drawers  Rhyme flow never stalls  The yes yes yes y'alls  Will end this season  The Soul reached high plains  We didn't reach Soul Train  But Don don't like rap  So that won't happen  Fame we don't lust  God we do trust  Arsenio dissed us  But the crowd kept clapping  Blessed with soul's lights  So turn off your brights  Overexposure will bring about a clear soul  Don't push, but piles,  For this here new style  And excuse me y'all while I fill my potholes  Pass the peas like they used to say  Pass the peas like they used to say  Pass the peas like they used to say (oh yeah)  Pass the peas like they used to say (ha ha ha, ha ha ha ha)  DOVE:  Passed off second  Tru I reckon  Head full of dreds  But knowledge inside  Singin' on records, making it hectic  Wishing it all would fall and die  Radio works it, public consumes it  Tommy Boy wants another "Say No," huh  Rough and rugged  It's not a new twist  Been Trugoy since the first get go  Here's the daisy  Watching it die, see?  Native is the new like Balance is the shoe  Paul makes a mil like dill makes pickles  Plus is to add like addin to the crew is  Pimps promote us, RM's work us  MP's watch us close in focus  Watch me steppin'  Now I'm dancing  Then disappear with a hocus pocus  Pass the peas like they used to say  Pass the peas like they used to say  Pass the peas like they used to say  Pass the peas like they used to say (ha ha ha, ha ha ha ha)  MASE:  (people in the place this is very hard to conceal)  (Pos get funky)  (Check it out)  (people in the place this is very hard to conceal)  (Dove get funky)  (Check it out)  (People in the place this is very hard to conceal)  (Mase get funky)  (Check it out)  (People in the place this is very hard to conceal)  (Prince Paul get funky) (ha ha ha, ha ha ha ha)  (ha ha ha, ha ha ha ha)  Pass the peas like they used to say  Pass the peas like they used to say (yeah)  Pass the peas like they used to say (mmm)  Pass the peas like they used to say (ha ha ha, ha ha ha ha)  PAUL:  Fourth P is passed  I am known as  (Prince Paul)  Yeah thanks Mase  Applied like chapsticks  The songs are slapsticks  Skeezoids with polaroids  Give me such a case  Trife or not trife  Don't own a wife  Yet I'm down and around for a good kiss  I got a 40 of Pepsi  A girl in Bed-Stuy  And I'll end it like this!  (Will rise, not fall)  (Definition: Prince Paul)  (Our Mentor, don't be sore)  (When I say that's all) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: De La Soul Album: De La Soul is Dead Song: Not Over Till the Fat Lady Plays the Demo  DOVE:  Standing on the corner building. Seen the path.  Looking at the corner streetlight, walking, and  waiting for my brother to come over and then  someone tapped me on my shoulder. 180 degrees I  did. Oh my... what? Oh oh!  I didn't hesitate so I ran and I ran and I ran  and I ran and I tries to catch a cab.  (Cab driver, fuck you)  I ran into an abandoned building, I heard big  heavy breathing on my back I turned 180 degrees  again and oh oh! Oh my God!  Oh, I dashed and I dashed and I dashed and I  skipped into the BK lounge. I asked the lady if  I could get a Whopper. She was facing... she was  facing toward the back. She turned around...  she stated: (Can I take your order?) Oh Chrissie!  Once again, I dashed and I dashed and I dashed  to my pad. The phone started ringing, but  luckily my answering machine was on and with  the quickness...  (Hey, how ya doing, sorry you can't get through)  Yeah, saved by the ha ha ha. I went into the  shower. Oh my... I heard the holler... I turned  the water on and she was screaming... who could  it be? What did she want from me? What did she  want from me? What did she want from me? She  was screaming and screaming and she had the tape  in her hand. But I knew what she wanted. I knew  what she wanted. I knew what she wanted.  (Please listen to my demo)  (Mumbled: And wit your wrinkled pussy)  (I can't be your lover) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: De La Soul Album: De La Soul is Dead Song: Ring Ring Ring (Ha Ha Hey)  "Yes, this is Miss Renee King from Philadelphia. I want you to please  give me a call on area code 215-222-4209 and I'm calling in reference  to the music business. Thank you."  DOVE:  Hey how ya doin'  Sorry ya can't get through  Why don't you leave your name  And your number  And I'll get back to you  Hey how are ya doin'  Sorry ya can't get through  But leave your name (uh)  And your number  And I'll get back to you.  Once again it's another rap bandit  Fiending at I and I can't stand it  Wanna be down with the Day-Glo  Knocking on my door, saying, "a yo yo"  Knocking on my door, saying, "a yo yo"  "I got a funky new tune with a fly banjo"  I can't understand what the problem is  I find it hard enough dealing with my own biz  How'd they get my name and number  Then I stop to think and wonder  Bout a plan, yo man, I gotta step out town  You wanna call me up? Take my number down  It's 222-2222  I got an answering machine that can talk to you  It goes  POS:  Hey how ya doin'  Sorry ya can't get through  But leave your name and your number  And I'll get back to you  Yo, check it, exit the old style  Enters the new  But nothing's new 'bout being hawked by a crew  Or should I say flock cause around every block  There's Harry, Dick, and Tom, with a demo in his palm  Now I'm with helping those who want to help themselves  And flaunt a nut that's doggy as in dope  But it's not the mood to hear  The tales of limousines and pails  Of money they'll make like a pro  I be like, "Yo black, just play me the tape"  But at the show the time to spare I just make  But the songs created in they shacks  Are so wick-wick-wack, situations like this  And now I hate they give me smiles Kool-Aid wide and ask,  "Was it def?"  And with the straighest face I be like, "Hell yes."  I slip them the digits to Papa Prince Paul  So I don't go AWOL but yet I know when they call  They get  MASE:  Hey how ya doing  Sorry ya can't get through  Why don't you leave your name  And your number  And I'll get back to you  Hey how are ya doin  Sorry you can't get through  Why don't you leave your name and your number  And I'll get back to you  Check it out  Party at the dug-out on Diction Ave  Haven't been to the jam in quite a while  Figure I'll catch up on the latest styles  'Stead piles and piles of demo tapes bi-da miles  All I wanna do is cut on the decks wild  But edition up here bi-da miles to the center  Reliever of duty, Plug One mosies in  And I be like, "Yo G, Pos does all the producing"  POS:  Now woe is me to the third degree  Mase pulls the funny so I make like a bunny  Jettin'  But I'm getting used to this demo abuse  Getting raped and giving birth to a tape  Cause there's no escape from the clutches of a hawker  Attached to my success, sent like a stalker  Make way to my radius playin fly guy  Try to get on my back they force like Luke Sky  Me Myself and I go through this act daily  And rarely do I not  No matter how I dodge some jackal always nails me  No matter what the plot  And even out on tour they be like,  "Yo I got a tape to play you back at the hotel"  I be like "Oh swell"  Unveil the numeric code to dial my room  And tell them to call me at noon  But of course there's no answering machine in my room  But a pretty young adorer  Who I swung on tour  And if it rings while we're alone  She'll answer the phone  And with the quickness she'll recite like a poem  DOVE:  "Hey, you done did the right thing, dial up my ring ring  Now you're waiting on the beep.  Say, I would love if you'd sing  The tune to Tru instead of fronting on the speak."  So no problemo, just play the demo  And at the end it's break out time  Please oh please don't press rewind  Cause I'll just lay it down the line  Hey how ya doing  Sorry ya can't get through  Why don't you leave your name and your number  And I'll get back to you  POS:  Hey how ya doing  Sorry ya can't get through  Why don't you leave your name and your number  And we'll get back to you.. peace  'Yo what's up man, this is Ronald Master down with the Fish Tank  Posse, man, you know man, so you know you can just hook  me up, True. You know we got this fly new jam called 'Swimming In the  Fish Tank', you know we gonna rock it man, you know  what I'm saying, but I just need your help, Prince Paul gave me your  number, you know man, you just gotta do that for me,  got this fly bassline, got these fly trombones in it man, so just hook  me up, man, just look out, all right, call me back  at 557-2223 all right man, just look out, all right, look out for a  brother man!' The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: De La Soul Album: De La Soul is Dead Song: WRMS: Cat's in Control  If it's not De La Slow, then it's not WRMS. Where Cat's in control,  twisting and tuning until you're purr-fectly content. Special cat  call goes out to the suckers at the donut shop. Thanks for serving it  to me dark, hot, and no caffiene. Snuggle tight and hang loose  boys, it's time to groove to a De La Slow move on WRMS. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: De La Soul Album: De La Soul is Dead Song: Shwingalokate  (On and on at two steps ahead)  (On and on at two steps ahead)  (Three steps ahead)  (Three steps ahead)  POS:  (What's the subject?)  The Shwingalo, hot damn  (Is Posdnuos gonna start?)  I am, I am  (And by the order of Shwing on hand)  I present to you the Preacher Man  Peace everyone, everyone I hope  Plate is not a caper, plate is not a hoax  Is it is the now step, labeled Shwingalo  Shopper brag a basket, fill it to the bro  What's the Shwingalokate? Question me instead.  Mental is the mood, whether live or dead  Level is the groove when I lead the led  But hip is my lip when I'm Shwinging it  (On and on at two steps ahead)  (On and on at two steps ahead)  DOVE:  (What's the next step?)  It's the fool of the clan  (Is he down with the Shwing?)  I am, I am  (And by the order of Swing on hand)  I present to you, the whole shalam  Last was the gas, flower by the pound  Shoo, puppy tough, shoo, flower power hound  Season of the Shwing is sound and it's bound  90 got the gift so lift from the ground  Speak me an age, age at the dough  Feed me the donut, feed me the O  School me with the new 'cause the new  Kept me fed with the brew  I'm glued to the stew and I'm Shwinging it  Breathe me the out, breathe me the in  Send it with a skit neither friend nor begin  Label it a Shwing, brother come for the win  Catch me the border, must start to begin  90 got the knack of the Soul, grab a bit  90 proved them wrong to those who commit  Dis to the hit list, pitched by the hit  Caught by the herds of those in the pit  Pull me a puff of the blunt as it breeds  This benefit's just what you need  Just because I'm fallin', saved by the weed  With dred, 'cause you know indeed I'm shwinging it  (On and on at two steps ahead)  (On and on at two steps ahead)  POS:  Constructed like an apple but roll like a grape  Try with the games 'cause the fools'll take shape  Stuff to the too tough, grave is in the groove  Sop it like Sound, yo honey make a move  Shufflin' your feet, that's stiffer than a nap  Open up an eardrum, don't wait for the cap  Sip a third of lager, extract the waste  Tell me tell me tell me, can you get a case?  Never oops honey, dope not a threat  Peace be found on your color telly set  Pick up the proof for the stool pigeon sing  Shwing a load o' dat, 'cause I must put Shwing  (On and on at two steps ahead)  (On and on at two steps ahead)  (Three steps ahead)  (Three steps ahead) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: De La Soul f/ Mike G, Dres Album: De La Soul is Dead Song: Fanatic of the B Word  MIKE G:  Ha ha! Ah yeah! Got it going on like a big old fat high hard-on!  (Hooo-weee!) Black Sheep in the house, sweet daddy Mr. Lawnge in the  house, my man the Dres in the house, you know what I'm sayin',  Huey Love in the house, long Posdnuos, Dove, Prince Paul, the  immigrant  Lucien in the house. The house Dreddy Bear, ha, Mike G!  CHORUS:  Come on everybody let's baseball  Come on everybody do the baseball  Come on, come on, come on, come on  Come on everybody let's baseball  Come on everybody let's baseball  Come on everybody do the baseball  Everybody, everybody, everybody, everybody  Come on everybody let's baseball  MIKE G:  Got it goin' on. Swing it over here! Ochay, ochay, ochay.  We gonna swing it over here, swing it over there. We gonna do the  baseball. Ha ha ha!  (Three feet)  POS:  A Nubian sprocket is the one  Plug One, cut the cap  Forward is the marcher of the chant,  To the clan, unless you slept  Willy to the Wonka of the feat  Smoke your blunt, but close your drapes  If we get fined by police,  Don't worry, yo, I got the papes  Toxic is the talk that I tell,  Tell the tales from the lady who's fat  Chris made the dope beat but no Bo Peeps  (And you can't beat that with a baseball bat)  CHORUS  DOVE:  Swing is the is of my step  Plug Two, groove a gut  On gets by when it's kept  Three miles to my step  Forgiveness to the foes is false  I cook goose and serve a plate  Position is opposed to a loss  No cost, no relate  Brother got a badge of his own  Because the link of the life is slack  This licks 'em down to the Tootsie Pop  (And you can't beat that with a baseball bat)  CHORUS  DRES:  Move over just a bit to the right of me  For I cannot see where the booty is  I sit, I'm looking out a foggy window  Crack it just a bit, yo this is showbiz  It's as though a pound goes around and around  So I give a pound then I do the step  Dres will be with Boca on the side  Can I crack a smile for doz who slept  Phonetics and kinetics perservere  Therefore I kick it  I took the L.I.R.R. but I did not have a ticket  Had some Chinese food but I didn't have a spoon  I had a dope rhyme but I didn't have it soon  I'm looking out the window  Day is filled with rain and gloom  Man oh man oh man I hope I find my spoon soon  Eating large fish 'cause I know it ain't cat  (And you can't beat that with a baseball bat)  CHORUS  (Rrrr-RAH!)  POS: Yo this is Plug One and I'm saying peace to Lorraine in Holland,  thanks for not having my baby, peace.  DRES: This is Dres. Danica, Boston, my first tight cushion, love you.  MISTA LAWNGE: Yo this is the Sugar Dick Daddy, I'd like to say peace  to my father, Bombed Out Brother.  MASE: This is Baby Huey Plug Three, and I'd like to say peace to  that mother a-ahem who stole my Pathfinder in front of the studio,  peace!  PAUL: Yo what's up, this is Prince Paul, I'd like to say what's up  to all the doo doo eaters and all the Kelvin Mercer look-alikes, and  I'm out.  (God damn!)  (Have a ball!) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: De La Soul Album: De La Soul is Dead Song: Keepin the Faith  DOVE:  Jody got a cat but she won't let it out  Oh tough luck, 'cause it makes Jack pout  Waiting on the wins he moves to the next  Searching for the cheese, looking for the text  In the Big Blue in search of the skins  Grinning and laughing, laughing and grinning  Padlock Jody got the whole scene played  No knockin' boots till she's 14K'd  Diamond in the back, sunroof top  Waiting for the credit card so she can go and shop  Jack plays the back, just knockin' other socks  'Cause now in the hood he's  (Johnny the Fox)  Till one ring came, Jody blew a park  Found about Jody round the corner in the park  Flipping like a dipstick, hip to the news  Practising the range, bellowing the blues  Jack rolls the carpet in, swift like a skate  "Yo, Jody, yo, gotta go, got a date"  Padlock Jody's screaming "Wait, wait, wait!"  "Don't worry, hon," he replies, "I'm keepin' the faith"  POS:  I'll never do the baseball with you again  Yo, I'll never do the baseball with you  'Cause your hoochie-coo was so smooth  Was it such a sin to let, let me in?  Hooked by your ever-so-shyness  Want that bush, heard you're from Flatbush  Ran after ya, caught ya,  Brought ya to Long Island, stylin' for a while  In my hut, I was on a cut for a peck  A silly Greg Peck  You tried to play me new, Plug One you disconnect  I'd try to touch your hair (You would say no)  Yo, I'd try to touch your hair (You would say no)  Is is 'cause you want my financial flaunt?  First you gotta please me, nice and easy  But I guess you want that in reverse,  So I stand Plug First can see  We got a serious block  Turn the other way, ooh what do I spot?  A hoopin' Hey Love whose scent left a trace  Had a stash in her pocket with a body that's safe  Ball to the eight, now you wanna swing?  Forget the rap, yo, Black Sheep, sing  (You're banned, you're banned)  (You're banned, honey dip, you're banned)  (You're banned)  Yo, you're banned  Ya banned by the preacher man  You played yourself a stew  Now to me you step, never mind love  The faith is being kept  DOVE:  Now remember 'bout Padlock Jody, here's the fact  Jack little wick but she was acting wack  Jack wanna lay but laying ain't exact  For the past four or five she was banned by the pack  Hip to the witness, putting on a plan  No money, no more Puddy Tat for the man  Jack knows that honey means playing a game,  Only wanna bowl, got nabbed for the fame  Claude Van Damme (God damn)  Sam was the man that you planned to command  Nothing new about a neighborhood  You know what? Padlock Jody wanna cut  Jack's thinking cap, make mine into a pack  "Yo, here's 20, 40, 60, pay me back"  Conscience appears, "Yo Jack, what you doing?"  "You play the cold while honey here's cooling?"  "You don't have to if you don't want to!"  "You don't have to if you don't want... to!"  So he begins with the ring, ring, ring,  "Hey Judy girl, how ya doin'  Seen you with another man, what you doing? Screwing?  Ooh, shame on you! What, you can't wait  For the big bait? Well, I'mma tell you straight,  Honey child, I'm keepin' the faith!" The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: De La Soul Album: Buhloone Mindstate Song: Eye Patch (Thank you, thank you, and for my latest basket of cherries, here it goes, baby!)  Mess up my mind, mess up my mind, mess up my mind wit the eye patch  Mess up my mind, mess up my mind, mess up my mind wit the eye patch  Mess up my mind, mess up my mind, mess up my mind wit the eye patch  (Everything I do's gonna be fine)  POS:  Channeling in sync so my would bring (WHAT!)  Wit dat, causin' all fat I'm responsible for ya diet  (Keep it quiet!)  Yo I got beats. State this stitch on my national fabric  My daughter will speak the arabic that's how I lift  Levitate to my nation when holding up your nickels  I pie like crumble so I Don like Rickles  Like green on the pickle  My papes are the up master of the cabbage patch  DOVE:  Ya eyes got the latch  POS:  So catch the cut, I hold the rut  For the people's reminder when in Maseo Path  I be the finder of the patch  DOVE:  Can the cat's tongue slip, ya do the 'da dip'  Take the horse into the jolly ranch  Keep the hush  The good, the bad, and Uncle Tom, beat it kid  (Whoaaaa....!)  Do doo doo do do do do do  Show the sheep cause I found the food  When I string the man wit the eye patch  The eye patch  When I'm walkin' it and could ya make it go sha na na na  (Mmmmmmm)  POS:  It sniffs good  Punks show disguises when I'm standing in the wood  I be the in 'cause the brother holdin' glocks is out  I be the in 'cause the pusher runnin' blocks is out  I be the in 'cause the kid smokin' weed,  Shootin' seed which leads to a girl's stomach  Being 'bout a half a ton is out  Show the finger print  And give me good grief for my lumber  Pants will sag 'cause I'm licensed as a plumber  Feel the Plug  (Yo, something's wrong here)  Now give a shout  DOVE: Yo what's up, I'd like to give a holler to Big 7 off in the Oakenone!  POS: And I bring an income in to my baby girl Twyla in White Plains and all my peoples out in Delaware.  MASE: Yeah yeah yeah, and I like to give a shout out to all those rappers who dissed us on records, and I wanna let you know you're still wack.  And oh yeah, I ain't mentioned no names 'cause you might f...  (All right. I'm sorry, I didn't know you were going back to that)  (Ecoutez. Ecoutez.) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: De La Soul Album: Buhloone Mindstate Song: En Focus (Biofeedback)  POS:  Ya go beats, meats, son Sheep  I can't cook, but being a cook I'm servin' much to eat  I got multiple stabs of jazzy  Sassafrassy as I caught the fame of soul  Years after mama had me tell ya gladly  I plugged for the Tunin'  Which cause eyes to zoom in  DRES:  Which put your person into focus  POS:  No longer Kelvin Mercer but the Posdnuos  Plug One yo I found fun  In the scribblin' of speak  On a naked white sheet  Most recognized by my dark brown self  DRES:  Yo you found some wealth?  POS:  More in my mind than in my pocket  But I's got every Girbaud that ever sagged  I met some hoes, met some girls  Did a tour that took me all around the world  DRES:  Did a tour that took me all around the world  DOVE:  I hit the shines but I'm shooin' it now  Remember when the floor might have had a spine  Well it's all bent over  The DayGlo nigga gets the red door mat  It's a roller coaster  When your shit's burnt toast  Now Mr. Club Owner knows your jam  When your jam is tha jam  And there's a tab at the bar  My mindstate's great  No thanks I don't drink  I sip the bobo  Then I kettle it quick  I felt the heave in the jeave  Tap it in the basement  Diggin' my own understanding quick  Let me get the single out  Think Mr. Radio say the starlight  Is the same star bright  I'm thinkin' how a nine and a blunt is a switch  But turn out the lights and some will go bitch  It was one MC after one MC  Play the lamp post do the blow wit dynomite  Well it's okay and it's alright  Cause our birthday cake's external light  It'll all get graphic  People made of plastic  Look at the shine wit my 50 watt eye  But when I got the eye patch I hit the latch  I fame it to a name from Denver up to Maine  And lovin' deluxe  She won't catch me in no tux  Nah, man I won't honor the style  (Curious, curious, curious, curious)  DRES: How you doing, my name is Dres, listen...  SHORTY: Isn't that Posdnuos? Oh, my...  DRES: Baby, what's wrong with me?  POS:  Funny funny how time flies  When you have some light on the face  Cause the focus is the fickle  'Stead of fusin' I'm a use it  To the utilize the trickle caught the rush  But I play hush  While Andres Titus is the grabbin'  As a fan will put the hearts to mush  Lush Dalea would hear the public beat  The same way for Titus when he Blacked the Sheep  But as the Knee went Deep  To deeper off the charts  The album faded to black  That's when the amnesia starts  (Curious, curious, curious, curious)  SHORTY: Aren't you Dres from Black Sheep? What are you doing here? Who are you here with?  DRES: I'm with my man Pos, you know Pos...  SHORTY: Oh yeah, Positive K, I.. I like him...  (Stickabush, stickabush, stickabush, stickabush)  DOVE:  Hey boy, I watch that star man, shit's all in  Should I shot it or begin  I saw bootleggas no shinin'  I saw Big 4 go get shinin'  A typical flick was the moment  When the man said  "Ain't you?" Yeah I is 'im  Hush your mouth fallin' in cog  Caught the light being True dog  A fist of funk and I pocket that screen  In the scene or in between  Gimme but a little bit of the starlight  I mail my ass to the darkness  I dig it, I dug it  I dig it, I dug it  I wiz it, I was it  I wiz it, I was it  Oh Lord let me switch it off  Because ya find some'll do it all  For the light  (Stop jivin') The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: De La Soul Album: Buhloone Mindstate Song: Patti Dooke  (Why do we have to cross over?)  (Why are niggas always crossing over, huh?)  (I mean, what's the matter?)  (They can accept our music as long as they can't see our faces?)  (One, Two, One Two; You got it)  Wootah!  GURU:  Runnin' through the trenches (What?)  Runnin' through the trenches (What?)  Runnin' through the trenches it's the Patti Dooke  (It's the Patti what?)  Runnin' through the trenches (Oh!!)  Runnin' through the trenches it's the Patti's Dooke  Runnin' through the trenches (What?)  Runnin' through the trenches (What?)  Runnin' through the trenches it's the Patti Dooke  (It's the Patti what?)  Runnin' through the trenches (Oh!!)  Runnin' through the trenches it's the Patti's Dooke  DOVE:  Just the other day I got a starter kit  (An M is a terrible thing to waste)  Caught the face from the backs of the border of the mindstate  I play control to a fraud  (Nah it ain't happenin')  Nada to make it even  Robbin' and theivin' is one who infiltrates with a Colgate frown  Y'all remember my nasal for I sniff frequencies  (Well, it started in the year of '78)  But it's '93 or should I say '94 for my style is much more  (I said, "Come in")  Come in  (Come on)  Come out into my reservoir  As I macks a men your bastard style has just been stuck  By a sticker with a 'frigerator lickin'  What if... how's about why would  Never thought that the napalm would bust the jeans  POS:  Mash it up  The one with the beard  Mega moustache the beat (hide it)  Deep under sheets, cover this hint  Hostin' all threats but watch out Mr. Jarbage  Jimmy and the jet, standin' on the pier  I'm known as the farmer  Cultivatin' mate without mendin'  Bendin', comprimising any of my styles to gain a smile  Listen while you hear it  There's no pink in my slip  I reckon that the rhythm and the blues in the rap got me red  While the boys from Tommy plant bridge crossin' to a larger community  Yet they're soon to see I have a brother named Luck  A nigga named Dres  A groupie named Cassandra caught bobbin' on the head  Of a Baby named Chris, I missed a kid who caught wreck when sayin'  (Afrika and I when Sammy B's on the set)  GURU:  Runnin' through the trenches (What?)  Runnin' through the trenches (What?)  Runnin' through the trenches it's the Patti Dooke  (It's the Patti what?)  Runnin' through the trenches (Oh!!)  Runnin' through the trenches it's the Patti's Dooke  (Prevention against sucka M.C.'s)  (Prevention against sucka M.C.'s)  (Prevention against sucka M.C.'s)  (And now, prevention against sucka M.C.'s)  (We decided to change the cover a little bit)  (Because we see the big picture)  (Negroes and white folks buyin' this album)  (Negroes and white folks buyin' this album)  (Everybody's gonna know who this group is)  (We just felt that the picture wasn't as important as it was that we  succeeed in crossing over)  (Cross over ain't nuthin' but a double cross)  (Once we lose our audience we never gon' get them back)  (He may even try to change our sound)  POS:  Let no man put asunder  Severin' the groups I never blunder  Cashin' all the checks on the mic  I might cherry to the bush, brand Plug Wonder  Funk to the fame against hoods  Bridges saggin' to woods down under  They can't be raised with the feminine praise  In conjunction with no chocolate in the mix  White boy Roy cannot feel it  But the first to try and steal it  Dilute it, pollute it, kill it  I see him infiltratin' to the masses  And when the leechin' I mo shoot 'em all in they asses  GURU:  Runnin' through the trenches (What?)  Runnin' through the trenches (Yeah!)  Runnin' through the trenches it's the Patti Dooke  (It's the Patti what?)  Runnin' through the trenches (Aaah!!)  Runnin' through the trenches it's the Patti's Dooke  (It might blow up but it won't go pop)  (It might blow up but it won't go pop)  (It might blow up but it won't go pop)  (It might blow up but it won't go pop)  (It might blow up but it won't go pop)  (It might blow up but it won't go pop)  (It might blow up but it won't go pop)  (It might blow up but it won't go pop)  POS:  I shed light and not skin  I ain't from Europe  Afro connects at the root of the retina of the third  Mums the word when ya blind baby  Blind to the fact  Don't rest in Compton so I don't own a gat  But respect is clear crystal  Cause Millie got a pistol  And she's down with me  Wild of most wild  Born child to the old school legitimate (soul)  Talker of the many paragraphs ago  Walker of the plenty broken calves ago  Phantom of the phrase black in many ways  Cause I see her runnin' through the trenches  Comin' in to rent my style  GURU:  I'm not the one to fuck with  POS:  I'm lockin' you out  GURU:  I'm just not to fuck wit so check it  Y'all know who I am  Listen up son  Peace to my man Premier  And y'all better guard your trenches 'cause we runnin' through 'em  (Do it....fluid....Mess up my mind....)  (Do it....fluid....Mess up my mind....)  (Do it....fluid....Mess up my mind....)  (Do it....fluid....Mess up my mind....)  (Do it....fluid....Mess up my mind....)  (Do it....fluid....Mess up my mind....)  (Do it....fluid....Mess up my mind....)  (Do it....fluid....Mess up my mind....)  (Tell me somethin' huh?)  (How come they never cross over to us, huh?)  (I never seen five niggas on Elvis Presley album cover!) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: De La Soul f/ Maceo Parker Album: Buhloone Mindstate Song: I Be Blowin' MACEO PARKER:  (I am Maceo. I be blowin' the soul out of this horn)  [Instrumental track with light tambourine/hi hat beat in background, children playing on a city playground] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: De La Soul f/ Kan Takagi, Scha Dara Parr Album: Buhloone Mindstate Song: Long Island Wildin' Typed by: shinfujie@hotmail.com * * send corrections to the typist [Intro] get into groove now, something like givin' into my own shit, now could a drummer have some y'all could a drummer have some more said a drummer ain't have none in a long time c'mon, drummer bring that beat back, bring that beat back (x3) y'all wanna hear that beat, right? 1,2 1,2 [Kan Takagi (In Japanese)] uh suttarakankan kankankankan Takagi Kan beat ni noseta kashi kore ichiban so toshi gin-yu shijin groove meguri megutte konomachi de furu TOYOTA ni HONDA nippon mo iroiro SONY *chiba chiba* sonota moromoro dashicha irukedo rap no rokuon marena koto daga ima rock on [Scha Dara Parr (In Japanese)] 1 (1) 2 (2) 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 jikan hikouki ni nokkari koko New York (oh yeah) bibiri jo jo jo Ani Shinco Bose (oh shit) hora mite Prince Paul, Maseo, Pos ni Dove mo iru jan yo eigo de nandaka itteru yo (naanuu) rap wo site miro to gogo 2 ji studio hai OK richigi na boku ra ha mochi on time ee member nanka dare hitori kicha ine 5jikan karuuku keika shite What's up? wassa wassa to renchu kimashita ha to kigatukya studio no naka yes, yes y'all we don't stop konna monde minasan ikaga desho The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: De La Soul Album: Buhloone Mindstate Song: Ego Trippin' (Part Two)  DOVE:  I'm buggin'  POS:  E-ghostbusters  DOVE:  Mercy, mercy, (ego trip, ego trip)  Mercy! (ego trip, ego trip), Mercy!!!  MASE:  Aaah!!! Aaah!!! Aaah!!! Aaah!!!  Aaah!!! Aaah!!! Aaah!!! Aaah!!!  Aaah!!! Aaah!!! Aaah!!! Aaah!!!  Aaah!!! Aaah!!! Aaah!!! Aaah!!!  DOVE:  Yep, yep big trucker man's rollin' in town  How ya do, how ya do  I got the joints to make ya...(JUMP!)  Because I'm headin' eastbound  Tired of the merry go round and around  And everybody's talkin' bout you're so funny  But they still tellin' lies to me  I got the trees in my backyard  And it's hard for them to tell a lie to me  And who's the foot, I'm the foot but who's steppin'  (Ain't no half steppin')  You know where I'm steppin'  Skirts play wit it cause I'm slick like that  I'm the greatest MC in the world!!  You gots to gimme gimme mine cause I'm heavy when I weigh it  Watch the way I say it (ego trip)  Change my pitch up, smack my bitch up  I never did it  The flavor's bein' butt but brothers ain't gettin' it  Get it; or else you're a goner  When I rolls over ya gonna have to wanna lamp  Cause it's the chattanooga champ  Takin' a train...Takin' a train...Takin' a train...Takin' a train...  POS:  Now I'm somethin' like a phenomenon  I'm somethin' like a phenomenon  Well I'm the hourglass cat  Drug it out of jack  DOVE:  For jill  POS:  Cause I spilled the phenomenon  Pack the holes in my lawn  The girls in my saun[a]  Word is born I'm a livin' phenomenon  Well I'm a better brand cause I'm a superman  I run the block with my circle cause I'm nubian  I got the platinum rust, so don't even fuss  Cause DJ Paul, he's down wit us  Now people stop takin' my stylin' for a joke  I don't sassafrass I put the foot up the ass  Sometimes I'm fast, blow off like a seal  SHORTIE NO MAS:  When they reminisce over you  POS:  For real  Mase chopped the record down to the bone  And now Renee King is on my telephone  But I got the Ring Ring Ha Ha Hey Hey  SHORTIE NO MAS:  Cause this type of shit it happens everyday  POS:  I got to make me a connection so my imports stuff  (WORD!) Wo, word 'em up  Cause I'm so fly...  DOVE:  Yes on and on  I'm ins like (?) go buy my yacht  I got Gills like Johnny  Sail at 7 elf (well good for ya)  Bigger than bigs, dig it (I dug it)  Ways that amazes popes  I am the is equals is cause it's caught up  When the tides taught me the ropes  No weights for the baits (man I'll give you four)  For a verb unheard of (man gimme one more)  Alright you got it if you're special  With a dapper toe tapper when a lot's goin' on  (And ain't a damn thing happenin')  The answer to the riddle is me and here's the question  Who can be (fresh)  Who can be (dope)  Who can be (nice)  Who can be (beautiful)  Who can be (word)  Who can be....  POS:  Me be the Jericho turnpike bandit  Yes competition try to troupe my way  I sing the song you never heard before  I feed the famine in your mind  So mind ya manners baby  I run a line on ya  Lay ya on the springs then sway ya  All this and a condom cause I be a taxpayer  Promotin' of a moccasin I skin like Danny Boone  When I swallow hear the (gulp)  So give me room just give me room back the hell up  SHORTY NO MAS:  Back the hell up  Know what I'm sayin'  POS:  Or when I run the mic there won't be no delayin'  Pressure 40 does it like a Easy Bake oven  DOVE:  Blues got the muffin  SHORTY NO MAS:  Eat it  DOVE:  Blues got the muffin  SHORTY NO MAS:  Eat it!!  POS:  Intoxicate many wit my talk without intoxicatin' myself low  So I gots to walk slow but.....  DOVE:  Don't you get too hiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiigh  (Ego trip, Ego trip, Ego trip, Ego trip,  Ego trip, Ego trip, Ego trip, Ego trip,  Ego trip, Ego trip, Ego trip, Ego trip,  Ego trip, Ego trip, Ego trip, Ego trip,  Ego trip, Ego trip, Ego trip, Ego trip,  Ego trip, Ego trip, Ego trip, Ego trip,)  (Aaah!! Aaah!! Aahh!! Aahh!! Aahh!!  Aaah!! Aaah!! Aahh!! Aahh!! Aahh!!  Aaah!! Aaah!! Aahh!! Aahh!! Aahh!!  Aaah!! Aaah!! Aahh!! Aahh!! Aahh!!  Aaah!! Aaah!! Aahh!! Aahh!! Aahh!!)  PRINCE PAUL:  Somebody's cryin'?  I know somebody's cryin'.  Who's cryin'?  Yo, somebody's cryin' here.  (Trippin' down the fuckin stairs)  (YEEAAAHHH!) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: De La Soul Album: Buhloone Mindstate Song: Paul's Revenge (Yo, yo, yo, do it!)  PAUL:  Yo, what up. It's Paul. Got ten minutes each. I'm here... to get this piece to redo it, or there's one we left for you... whatever, whatever you said, I agree. That's why I was to get tore up on I Am I Be. That rhymed. Ummm... qu'est que c ? Yo, man, they dissed me in the Source, man, they gave me no credit for my songs. For the Slick Rick stuff. Gave ____ credit for songs I did. That's a diss. I'm mad, man. I hate ____ and I hate ____. And you can quote me. And you can record this and put this on a recor d. I hate em, I hate em. And I'mma get em. If it's the last thing I do. Anyway, hope you have a pleasant day. Peace. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: De La Soul Album: Buhloone Mindstate Song: 3 Days Later POS:  Smoothed out without the R and B  (Mercy) Come on!  (Mercy) Come on y'all!  (Mercy) Come on!  There's no R and B in this song  So come along fly children come along  Come along fly children come along  Come along fly children come along  There's no R and B in this song!  Pushed up a dame by the name of Crystal  Who flaunts to the point just like a missile  A habit wit ear kiddin' wit gold mags  And since she fancies facial hair she asks my name  (Hey baby what's your name?)  Now ever so fab I said I'm wala  Miss Wild who used to run tough wit Koala  She was a winner of my metaphor and she knew that  I said I'm gonna feed your mouth she said you do that  Now Crystal stops the jeep I think I'm mad fly  She used to have a man wit lots of mad signs  Her strut was guaranteed to make a gay smile  And in bed she had proved to be real agile  I show her to the lounge and I dined her  Then she gave me some digits where I could find her  I licked her like a stamp  Laid and sticked her like a champ  But the... um she gave me burn  I had to go see the doctor  (3 days later) Skeezer skeezer skeezer (Uhhhh)  (3 days later) Skeezer skeezer skeezer (Oh yeah)  (3 days later) Skeezer skeezer skeezer  (3 days later) Skeezer skeezer skeezer!  DOVE:  Well it was thirty after nine and I was loungin'  Tokin' on some smoke that I was poundin'  I rang up seven up so we can skip to the mall  Thinkin' a good day to shop  But then we got stopped  A shooter man said "Yo this is a stick up"  A whole lot of dirt was 'bout to kick up  I had screens in my pocket  And man, tonight's my date  Wit Smokey Sue, now what was I to do?  In my head I'm thinking, 'Should I dodge the bullet?'  'Man this kid is bluffin' you can pull it'  I feared the whole scene,  The shooter didn't bluff  Now look at me now,  He shot my ass dead  (Yeah)  (You shouldn't have)  (I did, so let's get in the van)  (You shouldn't have)  (I did, so get in the fucking van!)  (I love you babe)  (I.. I love you babe)  (I love you babe)  (I love you babe)  Skeezer skeezer skeezer  Skeezer skeezer skeezer  Skeezer skeezer skeezer  Skeezer skeezer skeezer! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: De La Soul Album: Buhloone Mindstate Song: Area  (I can just remember the number...)  DOVE: Just another area  POS: For me to patrol  DOVE: Just another area  POS: That shows I got soul  DOVE: Just another area  POS: For me to patrol  DOVE: Just another area  POS: That shows I got soul  I got soul you see, I'm swimming in the De La  I'm in my hood man, my manhood worries ya  I'm known for sampling of soul food  Off the old school plates  When I met up with my niggas from the 718  One the Jungle Bro, the other Questers from Queens  Yet I had the matrix of the 516 in my jeans  Still I sided with my funk to bring my second on call  For me and the Sheep, our mission's on the beach of 804  (You're runnin' on an empty tank)  But still get paid in full  (And get the girls)  Man, I'm packing gravitational pull  Bring the instamatic avalanche, my code intervenes  I'm out to scout the areas that remains to be seen  (What?)  DOVE:  Well, many many digits had me seeking in my Wizard  Man, who's ringing up my area (ooh) oh!  I used to shoe it to the bridge but that's gone  Like the 718's out of Vietnam  Sniffin' skypagers had me drugged  (Man I knew a psycho)  703's on my love bug  I made mates with the brothers up in 215  Crazy buddhas in my mind  My Chattanooga champ had me late for the camp  And my 202 keeps me marvellous  I guess Mars was my hideaway  But if the stars for a getaway...  POS:  Since I'm capable I conjure up a walk in this way  I slip a syllable for Aspen and a Chester souffle  I be the 919 seeker, 'cause ain't off logic  So when I'm with my crew I always have a place to sit  Due to this, a brother tries to play me  (Yeah, like one in 514)  Yo, some kid tried to flip on me  They instigated a brawl  (So we set our knuckles on stun and made them all fall)  Then I just laughed  (Ha ha ha ha ha ha)  (We whooped that ass)  And put the feelings aside, I know who I am  I cast the grain by the pound  I make sounds with the horn  When I colour the corn, caught the fit  And sit the two when honey slung the tip  DOVE:  Well I'm taking my finds to the 301's  And Im playing my flute in the rear kibbut  My man from the 908's, he don't like it like that  So I pipes till the sunshine hikes  A kettle of our master plan makes a Malibu idol  (God forgive me) Well, it's a hook  The third to the 0 to the 5 had top feel the vibe  When the 516 played convicts  MASE:  The man Maseo is here to put the habit along  And what you have, I'm 'bout to speak about your area code  Is it 918? (No)  Is it 212? (No)  Speakin' on 404? (Hell no)  What about 516? (I dunno)  What is it? (Not tellin' ya)  What is it? (Not tellin' ya)  What is it? (Not tellin' ya)  What is it? (Not tellin' ya)  (Huh? What?)  POS:  Just another area for me to patrol  I got status 'cause I'm baddest with the paint  Giving upside down frowns to London wood 703  Her moms didn't like it, I had to let be  For the fact I lays bricks  'Cause my semen ends with the letter T  My seed is hard to submerge  I play the tack in the wall if my rear's not watched  'Cause some knuckle might just head for the urge  But I got Prince Paul in the Area  (Oh, it's like that now)  I got Hot Dog in the Area  (Heh heh heh)  I got the Violators in the area  (Aaah)  I's got the Violators in the area  (Aaah)  It don't matter where you hide, I clear up the fall  Cop the fuck outta here, you fake-ass fraud  Clear my area  (I'm going home now, I have been up all night.)  (I been up all night, it's still Friday to me.)  (Come on now. Hey, Ellory, I'm going home!)  (Bob to the bob, d-dang, d-dang diggy-diggy) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: De La Soul Album: Buhloone Mindstate Song: I Am I Be  Verse 1  I am Posdnous  I be the new generation of slaves  here to make papes to buy a record exec rakes  the pile of revenue I create  But I guess I don't get a cut cuz my rent's a month late  Product of a North Carolina cat  who scratched the back of a pretty woman named Hattie  Who departed life just a little too soon  and didn't see me grab the Plug Tune fame  As we go a little somethin' like this  look ma, no protection  Now I got a daughter named Ayana Monay  And I can play the cowboy to rustle in the dough  so the scenery is healthy where her eyes lay  I am an early bird but the feathers are black  so the apples that I catch are usually all worms  But it's a must to decipher one's queen  from a worm who plays groupie and spread around the bad germ  I cherish the twilight  I maximize, my soul is the right size  I watch for the power to run out on the moon  (And that'll be sometime soon)  Faker than a fist of kids  speakin that they're black  When they're just niggas trying to be Greek  Or some tongues who lied  and said "We'll be natives to the end"  Nowadays we don't even speak  I guess we got our own life to live  Or is it because we want our own kingdom to rule?  Every now and then I step to the now  for now I see back then I might have acted like a fool  Now I won't apologize for it  This is not a bunch of Bradys  but a bunch of black man's pride  Yet I can safely say  I've never played a sister by touching where her private parts reside  I've always walked the right side of the road  If I wasn't making song I wouldn't be a thug selling drugs  But a man with a plan  and if I was a rug cleaner  betcha Pos'd have the cleanest rugs I am.  Verse 2  The Plug Two brand with the flavour  in the flute watch the sniffin'  so a sack of shows in demand  I read the diction from the second page  I got the one-two gauge  baritone to the izm fan  Trees fall so I can play ground with my ink  So let me need ya to my ems go  I push the infinite and carry it  My carrier's the three over one  so my pluggins already know  Lick shots with moo  catch the boo  from a ghost in the heckling crowd  if I give a foot  Jack Ville caught a spill  when a still came from my mouth  I brought a head down south  I don't check for the noose and the neck  So I never tell my ems  that finesse is knocking at my door  I choose to run from the rays of the burning sun  and dodge a needle washing up upon a sandy shore  I bring the element H with the 2  so ya owe me what's coming when I'm raining on your new parade  It's just mind over matter  and what matters is  that the mind isn't guided by the punished shade  I keep the walking on the right side  but I won't judge the next who handles walking on the wrong  Cuz that's how he wants to be  No difference, see  I wanna be like the name of this song I am  Verse 3  I am Posdnous  I be the new generation of slaves  Here to make papes to buy a record exec rakes  the pile of revenue I create  but I guess I don't get a cut cuz my rent's a month late  The deeds of a natural  are seeds that are no longer planted  so the famine in the mind is strong  Tactics of another plane is now proven sane  Sane enough to let you know from within this song  I stabilize many cableized viewers  So my occupation's known  But not why I occupy  And that is to bring the peace  not in the flower but the As-Salaam Alaikum in the third I am The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: De La Soul Album: Buhloone Mindstate Song: In the Woods Typed by: OHHLA.com (Say party over here, party over here) (Say party over there, party over there) (Say party over here, party over here) (Say party over there, party over there) (Say party over here, party over here) (Say party over there, party over there) (Say party over here, party over here) (Say party over there, party over there) DOVE: Hey yo you feel that shit (yeah it feels good) Well it's that thumpin shit (well i'm soakin too) I'll introduce the split (i'll be the go) I'll be the get Fixin with the ins for the outs we set Hey shortie (yeah mister) Make no mistake I challenge the bang for a bigger rhyme bouquet (you be buggin) Well i bugs like roaches on rugs Speaker of the bone like the speaks in my loans Give me the night baby and i'll be good in the woods Ya freakin my mind ya freakin my mind I told the maceo bout the days that go (he know) I know he know cuz he's out to get the gold The Chattanooga cruisin' with the malibu shit The bigger of the isa (cuz he is the shit) I'm like hickory (dickory niggas) I make you feel lost like high school history Creator of the rhymin dominoes Watchin drop it's the joint see So hit me with the zsa zsa (indeed darling) The coolest fool be the coolest fool I know the watch be in the air but i kick a new bucket Sippin it wit shortie so check the way we cuff it It's that indonesia funk up in your trunk Makin' ya bob bob makin' ya bob Makin' ya bob bob makin' ya bob Makin' ya bob bob makin' ya bob It's that funky shit (in the woods) That be beyond understandin (in the woods) Yo we do it with the soul (in the woods) Timber (in the woods) POSDNOUS: Punch that O for operator baby its a love solid I been stylin abstract since loose leafs was the shit Catch me breathin on planes where the gangstas outdated Fuck being hard posdnous is complicated As my pants play the sagatogah i can order sniffs of Frequencies frequencies cuz i freak mc's with the rhythm rock live (man i'd rather point a pistol at ya head and try to burst it) No jive in the matter so niggas start runnin Yo that native shit is dead so the stickabush is comin (stickabush) it's comin (stickabush) it's here Fuck the five count it only takes three to bring it near So let me move ya won better as the salad is tossed And get a taste of the mase that you thought was lost I'm cautious wit my looks (in the woods) Pickin them nines in my hair (in the woods) Sniffin for the beats like litter (in the woods) The plugs just can't be found (in the woods) SHORTIE NO MAS: Can i come off like the rest of em i think i should Could i of course one verse now ya lost it Found it realizing i came off it sounds mean But pal there's a new kid on the scene I got much soul on the down low tip Lay back smooth one drink i'll be trippin Never don't you dare consider me a fly gal Pal i got props on a different tip I recall back i go for mines i get the goods Wouldn't you know forgot my compass i got lost in the woods Found my way and i was out i pronounce every letter And if i had the chance i'd do it better I heard a holler down the way and now i'm out for the time being Ya wanna be in but you can't see what i'm seein Time and time my friend i stay gettin it on And now they playin my song again I got feminine style (in the woods) I'm not tryin to be sexy (in the woods) And no you can't knock the boots (in the woods) A lot of things be happenin (in the woods) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: De La Soul Album: Buhloone Mindstate Song: Breakadawn Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash 	Ah one two, ah one two 	Ah one two, ah one two "Breakadawn.. breakadawn.." 	Ah one two, ah one two (repeat 6X) Verse One: Posdonus I was born in the Boogie Down catscan where my building fell down on the rats and people sorta super wanna trip to the penile (penile) While I settle off the shores of the Long Isle My father's clean not mean my mind is clear when I transmit I am the man-ner of the family cuz the pants fit I want to let forensics prove, that I can mends  Groove wit the thread from needle outta hay, wanna say salutations to the nation of the Nubians We bout to place you in that +3 Feet+ of stew again I got the frequency to shatter Mrs. Jones' perm I gotta +Hey Love+ all the honies cause they're short term Tallyin the score I'm for the shottie in the jacket For the brother he's a nigga when he packs it So get your butt out the sling, I stung Muhammad float a note that means I'm def, so like the autographs you sign until the "Breakadawn.. breakadawn.." 	Ah one two, ah one two (repeat 4X) Verse Two: Dove, Posdonus Aiyyo groove with the mayor, hazard on the sayer Wave the eighteen mill', eat a still sack or bag of troubles, make the single double Loop the coin and join the minimum wage I had a plan if I was the man, I'd throw the J Lay it low and late night I get sessed Uncondition my ways, of the everyday sunset Wagin my days, to the one bet Cause your breaks'll have the carrot of cakes, whether mine Out of line, I breeze into the early mornin Freak the WIC call and get a tap on my shoulder cause the days of the breaks, be just about over The arts of the six won't play my bag of tricks I got the sevens in my pocket somewhere Reasons for the Cheer All Temperature here I keep it to the rear, and then I'm EXPLODING I be the fab I be the fabulous but see unlike the Chi I got the flea up in the name "ah one two, ah one two" Can't no one bend my cousin from the Peter Piper like the others latchin on to when I caught the fame "ah one two, ah one two" Pass the task to ask me bout the Native Tongue again my friend I tell you Jungle Brothers +On the Run+ "ah one two, ah one two" I'm shakin hands with many devils in the industry Believe the Genesis life fill with stills mean that I'm def so like the autographs you sign until the "Breakadawn.. breakadawn.." 	Ah one two, ah one two (repeat 4X) Verse Three: Dove, Posdonus We in the mornin at the end, but in the end I be the is cause in the mix, man, it's alright Momma got the rhythm to my daylife My pops gots enough so best to leave or sail the waves to the Long I laid the anchor in the 'Ville And how I relate, the same side of my gates Paper days, mess up my mind, ground zero degrees and the weather feels fine You opened my eyes man, thought I had a man But how could I eyescan, I wasn't around I seen the states and played the dates in the far-far Gathered the new, from the zoas around Grew up with Mikey Rodes and played the codes Sometimes I don't budge, without my cous' Fuzz/fuzz A simple, "How ya do?" Ah check it from my friends and my crew makes it definitely special Now there's no +Shiny Happy People+ in the crew we play the rough I got the huff, and puff, to blow the house low You know the neverending factor while I'm over, tell a squid I know an Enterprising brother, so report to the bridge I bounce a ball with my left, a squid with my right (Cause a squid is just a punk) Yo he deserved to lose the fight I might meander 'cross your dream, travellin up the stream Plug Wonder Wonder Why you're lonely tonight We see the girls scream as if we're shocked by the live shell Let's round em up and get em back to the hotel motel, holiday, inn-fact! I'm gonna let you know, once again, that De La Soul is sure to show you we will hit the charter harder than the normal rappin fool "ah one two, ah one two" The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: De La Soul Album: Buhloone Mindstate Song: Dave Has a Problem... Seriously DAVE HAS A PROBLEM... SERIOUSLY DOVE: Yo Merc, it's Dave, you there?  Hello. Hello, Merc. Hello. Hello, Merc. Hello. Merc, hello. Hello. Hello, Merc. Hello. Hello. Hello, Merc. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello! Hello! Hello! Hello! Hello! Hello! Hello! Huh! Huh! Huh! Huh! Help me! Help me! Help me! Help me! Huh! Hah! Huh! Huh! Huh! Oooh! Oooh! Oooh! Oooh! Feel the funk, baby! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: De La Soul f/ BizMarkie Album: Buhloone Mindstate Song: Stone Age Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash * BizMarkie starts out the song beatboxing while  De La Soul chants the words "I'll beatbox" * [Dove] Ah mic test one two [BizM] Aww man, I check it better [DeLa] Ah whatcha mean BizMarkie? Whatcha mean BizMark? [BizM] I hit the rhyme with the mayonnaise, that's what I mean [DeLa] Ah whatcha mean BizMarkie? Whatcha mean BizMark? [BizM] Man I got beats up my sleeve like you wouldn't BELIEVE! [DeLa] Whatcha mean BizMarkie? Whatcha mean BizMark? [BizMarkie]  Ah with my "ah one two" I substitute about a loop So let me serve with the slope, with the Plug of two scoops! [Dove] Mr. Miyag' never did dip for Dove Bootleggers my legs and, grit about a hug And who gets the Motts, I knots by the chance I rain-dance.. I rain-dance But steppin just a bit I don't need another shadow Makes makes, is gonna be the new man's motto Don't increase the bull, because my pulley is broken and my belly is full It's a second I reckon on the bone and the ball Makin London bridges fall, so check it I bring a point to the joints that we change and chop but we could bring it back to the beatbox! * BizMarkie beatboxes with style and soul * [Posdonus] I'm Posdonus Plug Wonder.. plotter Serenade her cause I gotta.. record When in the womb I was naked.. now I chill with latex cause of how I, enter the black wood without a splinter, provin I had the chills what helps in movin, asses Saw the light cause I got glasses, so we sip the cappucino slowly [BizMarkie] I'sah makes the big money! I drive big [Posdonus] cars, serve the bubble like a bar.. tender When in flight like a sender, lace Sticks of dynamite on bass, head [BizMarkie] Lace the shoe until he dead [Shorty No Mas] Run! Cause the cop is gonna come This my Plug style [Posdonus] so they can kiss my, grits Hold my balls without a mitt.. grab the mouthpiece to talk the dag.. nabit I keeps goin like that rabbit, rico- -chet a dame I need a Snicker, satis- -fy the Norman to the Gladys, Knight My glasses help me see the light, so we sip the capuccino slow [BizMarkie] In life, it's what you see is usually whatcha [Posdonus] get, won't take a Drag-without-a-Net, no [BizMarkie] To put the rhythm in the, bone [Posdonus] marrow, laid the pipe to please Cari-lou [BizMarkie] I don't know! [Posdonus] If it's true.. .. THAT'S A FUMBLE! WELL CATCH A FEVER FROM THE JUNGLE Chocolate, nubian girls flock to it, sweets And if I can't sample beats, get the beatbox equipped with the, dirt BizMark and Doug E. works, fine Mase work the wheel I tangle lines, HARK the light is thirsty in the dark so we.. * BizMarkie beatboxing while De La Soul chants the words "I'll beatbox" *	 [Dove] It's like I saw it in the river but my M wasn't fixed Super heavy like a Chevy pump a Maseo mix I had some screams in my pockets, and played it kinda hush and did the outs (got to check out, the avenue) I peeped the ?? Zoah ?? on the gimme gimme, plus we hit the plat' Then the amps was on samp's, the villains got fat The Natives weren't the neighbor then to, NIGGA PLEASE It's a hustle for a joint when your settlement G's But we still be on the wax because it acts like that We still be on the moves because it moves like that So there ain't no reason to don't stop Cause we can bring it back to the beatbox! * BizMark finishes it off * "Yo who, I don't know who was on the mic man  This thing smell awful here man.." The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: De La Soul Album: Stakes is High Song: Intro Typed by: OHHLA.com (When I) (First heard) (Criminal) (Minded) (I was in...) (Damn, where was I?) (...seventh grade) (Battlin' this other emcee) (Smokin' a blunt and drinkin' a 40 down lower East Side with my niggas) (I have no idea where I was, it was so long ago) (I was on my way to a family reunion in a car on the Long Island expressway when I heard it) (Rooselvelt Projects) (I was in...) (I was outside of church when I was really little and I was doing the wop with this girl) (Red Alert played one of the songs on the radio) (It was so long ago) (Yo Merce, what's up, this is Hanson, man, I want you to peep that out. Yo, kid... I was at this party, this hype party when I heard KRS' Criminal Minded. I'll call you back, peace.) (All right!) (All right!) (All right!) (All right!) POS: Channeling, in sync so my what brings that testament To cover twelve inches of funk Flip like as if I was the Dalek himself  Specialising in cleansing like the its of Elephants, Dove hits bibles out the park, man Don't wven try to toss bleach, I'm too dark and Major more soul than James' "Escapism" De La Soul is here to stay like racism Patrick know and I'mma put the pillow off the bed As I lurk up on your thoughts while phones on your head Riff a tech pro, flex Sue, running you the links Scout weather, pouring rain outta duck's survive links And if one winks for pink slips, the slips are short Dull-minded as sperm, to give out for the souls I report I sport too fly for the forty-ounce drinker I sport too fly for a forty-ounce thinker A fresh linen scent so sniffer on the two-inch A talker of the berg without weed influence So stick to you Naughty By Natures and your Kane 'Cause graffiti that I based upn the wax is insane DOVE: Grand groove, I wish I had the flavor bid Give me six bottles of beer, I take the seventh one free I got the chandelier, kick, constructed by my man Little elf, big four gets the zootie for the self Long Island living, what, twelve o'clock dawn Jiggy-not see me so I trip straight to your porches Mr Partymaker puts the boogers in your bottle Straw it and drink, what bees gotta be's 'Cause I snort the crazy-crazies Man, I kick the Franken-style, dig the bolts in my neck Wreck, ship, boat, rock Heavy metal grooves ain't the infinite Here I hips to the hops I'm looking for the words in the faces of a prince That brother been down ever since soaked cheese And motor go smiling Hey, how ya doin' Now, meet in front of Big Lou's fighting Hey, y'all reminisce, six streets, little miles Straight to my avenue (Aaaah... aaaggh) Six streets, went miles straight to my avenue I'm headed for the bigger E, for the bitter OE, not me Here's my Malibu, child, here's my Malibu Buckshot honeys, dig a gun and go aaaahhhhh... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: De La Soul Album: Stakes is High Song: Supa Emcees Typed by: OHHLA.com Chorus: (Slick Rick sample from MC Ricky D and Doug E. Fresh's "La-Di-Da-Di") Hey, whatever happened to the *emcees* Times done changed for the *emcees* Every woman and man wanna *emcee* But for what, I tell you *emcee*ing ain't for you! Hey, whatever happened to the *emcees* Times done changed for the *emcees* Every woman and man wanna *emcee* But for what, I tell you *emcee*ing ain't for you! Verse One: Dove Man I'm on the set like the flicks so let your parents flash A splash bigger than whales, I'm makin monsters mash Spit Pinnochio's Theory when shit be looking weary I need rest, but I boogie for now, I'm on some mess like the best mics respond to me Living days, like dreams of specializing in the art that pays I be a mystic for life, so check my ID number Emcees be kneading/needing dough while I make bread like Wonder Yes, that's what you heard, so save that acting for the screen See you can can that manager with the beans I bust emcees like lies surprise em out the box Put away the soda pops I'd rather rub on the rocks A dime-getter tried to get what I got, for what? I guess Southern folks cash makes the lovin come fast But I'm past alla that, it's time to break with the breeze Get to your knees, here comes the Supa Emcees Chorus Verse Two: Pos Within this program of rap, I'll eradicate the glitches Yo I'm dark like Wesley, but I be sparkin more bitches and to them my constellation put your lives in jep While you others represent, I present my rep Cause when it comes to making dents, I'm that main in print Even smoked from blunts which give eyes the reddish tint Could not prevent, YOU from seeing I'm the light but bring attention to my words like some ads in tights I heard you want to fight me, with your words on stage So Mase pulls that instrumental from the jam YOU made And as he starts cutting what you sold, I'll talk all over your tones as if my name was Pete Rock or Sean "Puffy" Combs Send your tattered ass home, with celly phones I roam with my fleet, here to make this rap game complete While you live fables, unstable, acting very radical Projecting like you're hard, when in fact you're quite vaginal Chorus The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: De La Soul w/ Common Album: Stakes is High Song: The Bizness Typed by: OHHLA.com Intro: Common (Craig Mack sample from "Get Down") And and bass up the track a little bit Cuz I I'm here I wanna hear that boom bish boom, knowhatI'msayin? Yeah yeah you know the bizness Common Sense, soul with the De La Get all them play-ahs We the rhyme sayers Huh, and that's the bizness, hah Gonna do it like this Gettin it that Like the Chicago streets Verse One: Dove I speak divine of God theories, no need to be high Always exhale the facts cause I don't inhale lye/lie Play the greater man's game, to bounce off my losses So I can earn the acres (uhh) the houses (yeah) the horses (huh) Of course it's much greater than your Benx or your Lex The engine to my comprehension is just too complex Much too complex, EFX/effects be live like Das Making moves down South, to avoid the chaos And never, flaunt the coin cuz dime-getters be gazin They call me Luther Van, they say my style is so Amazin I'm fazin those who're supposed to have the last laughter Cuz even when I'm gone I'm reappearin in the after I haveta, send respects to real money makers Do not connect us with those champaign sippin money fakers Taste the quarter pound with spice from Chi-town Now what that prove, you're so full you can't even move Chorus: Cause I'm the D-to-the-O, the-V-to-the-E And can't another brother cook these delicacies Well I'm the P-L-U, the G-to-the-One Walk around the planet earth making money having fun And I'm the C-to-the-O, double-M-O-N I sit and think with a drink about how I'm gonna win I'm the C-to-the-O, double-M-O-N I sit and think with a drink... Verse Two: Common Do you wanna be a MC? Or do you wanna serve Do you wanna be dope? Or do you wanna deal it Fabricated acryllic, I feel it, I'm the style molester I do a show get Extra P's like the Large Professor In fact I get more hoes than Tessa, peep game like a refa-ree in soul control of my desti-ny, in the best of, three out of five Whip ANYBODY ass at NBA Live, rappers take a dive like Greg Lougainis with his bitch-ass Rather be in Bebe's alley, than at the click with gators Not a hater of the players, I'm more like a coach, or an owner I Used To Love H.E.R., but now I bone her (ahuh-hah!) At one point in rhyme I thought I lost my erection But then I got it back with the Resurrection, blessings upon rhymes old man who called him traitor Big Com Stradamus niggaz styles I predict Chorus: I'm the C-to-the-O, double-M-O-N I sit and think with a drink about how I'm gonna win And I'm the D-to-the-O, the-V-to-the-E And can't no other brother cook these delicacies Well I'm the P-L-U, the-G-to-the-One Walk around the planet earth making money having fun Walk around the planet earth making money having fun Walk around the planet earth making money having fun Verse Three: Pos I'm the most from the coast of the Eastern flav' Droppin more knowledge than litter, on the New York pave' It's me, wonder why, in the place to be Certified, as superior, MC While others explore to make it hardcore I make it hard for, wack MC's to even step inside the door Cause these kids is rhyming, sometiming And when we get to racing on the mic, they line up to see the lyrical killing, with stained egos on the ceiling My rhymes escalates like black death rates Over music plates, being played as the rule Kids thinking stepping to the Soul, you're labelled fools who claims to drop jewels but for now you do the catching I don't worry on what crew you run, or what section of earth you reside, you're not even a man So I don't seem it mandatory taking your pride But I will, cause my man said Soul for the life You cried "Keepin it real", yet you should try keepin it right That's understanding microphone mathematics Which leaves the currency in temporary world status And when one shows he posed threat to this one This one will make that one into none Simple equation, zero, you shouldn't play hero If you can't stand Strong like the Island I'm from Chorus: Now I'm the P-L-U, the-G-to-the-One Walk around the planet earth making money having fun Yeah, and I'm the-C-to-the-O, double-M-O-N I sit and think with a drink about how I'm gonna win And I'm the D-to-the-O, the-V-to-the-E And can't another brother cook these delicacies See can't another brother cook these delicacies See can't another brother cook these delicacies Outro: Common Ahh that's how, that's how I'm supposed to do my thing huh Like triple it, alright That's how we do it, all the way from Strong Island to Chicago The type of freestyler flow Yeah, it's fluent, and we don't need to flow no more Hah Intro: *this comes before "Wonce Again Long Island" on the LP* To my man Mos Def yo he nonstop To my man Enola, yo he's nonstop And to my kin de Calhoun, yo he's nonstop Yo that girl MP, yo she's nonstop And to that crew Camp Lo, yo they nonstop And to that nigga Pop Life, yo he's nonstop And to my cousin Fudd Love, you know he nonstop My brother Lucky and Pert, yo they nonstop And to my man Joe Buck, you know he nonstop And my man Extra P, yo he's nonstop And my man Mike Divine, you know he nonstop That kid called Baby Paul, yo he's nonstop And to the Jazzyfatnastees, yo you're nonstop And my peoples Beatminerz, man they nonstop And to my man Mr. Bug, you know you're nonstop And yo, Litro, yo, he's nonstop And to, my dean The Green, yo you're nonstop And to my man Prince Paul yo he's nonstop And to that man Kid Capri yo you nonstop And A Tribe Called Quest, man they nonstop And don't forget the Jungle Beez yo they nonstop Extra Verse: *sampled from "Down Syndrome"* Let me tell you a little something about Soul (tell em son) I be a piece of the East coast, so give a toast to Plug Wonder why back in the day who soaked his words in jigga So when I ran a phrase in June you didn't catch it til December I'm a member of them kids from the inner city Giving you kitties audible treats, you be aching for making more money than a pagan holiday Not from the PJ's, yet I still got something to say The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: De La Soul Album: Stakes Is High Song: Wonce Again Long Island Typed by: OHHLA.com [Pos Plug Wonder Why] (What the hell do you wanna be when you grow up?) I wanna be a supa emcee (Well you're already that) so let me step up to bat Attack a hit to go beyond this age of rap counterfeits Out of the heavens August one-seven, sixty-nine Born I, wonder why with the thoughts to rhyme Til there was no longer thoughts to dream When an unpolished demo led to limos at the age of eighteen Accompanied by the screams, Plug One Shot up with fame like novacaine it made me numb So numb I wouldn't been able to feel Niggaz diggin in my pockets for my currency reels But still, I make girls brown eyes blue at will (until) my ass was no longer mass appeal Oh shit, I guess that was all the fame I was alloted Wait a minite, new video, like a leopard I'm spotted in a night club chillin with Kamaal and Phife I be that farmer cultivating owning acres of mics And I likes to make it known Strong Island stylin for a while, so do that dance (Are you rockin the spot?) Yes I be  (Showin others they do not?) Yes I be (Havin then towed from the lot?) Yes I be That's my job as a supa emcee, I'm from Long Isle Mobile, make it worth your while If the jam needs motion I'm the one to dial (Goin beyond ninety watts) Yes I be (Well are you rockin it?) Yes, yes I be (rockin it!) I can stress the makin of loot to feed the fam While the voices impersonate the true who I am Buzzin in my ear, oh you one of those wannabees Always buzzin in my ear you down with supa emcees Steppin to me with your pleas that you gots, butter rhymes Man the only thing butter bout you is your spine mad yellow, you can't rock the Mardi Gras, my mellow Cause my stealth show more than knowledge of self I got knowlegde of you, to know you a wack em-crew (You mean wack emcee) Nah, a wack em-crew, see you a crew of wack niggaz You should have never tried to test These words that I Man, with the eye/I to Fest While you sayin one thing really meaning the next You're just a contra-DICK, your mind's been tampered WITH Like some holy boooks, but looks to the sky Cause Wonder Why's here to save the day (Are you rockin the spot?) Yes I be (showin others they do not?) Yes I be (Havin then towed from the lot) Yes I be Cause ultimately, I'm lettin all MC's know that what's the name of this crew? (De La, De La) Well alright, and what be the dish we servin? (We servin pos-da!) Posdanos help the next get loose Like an alcohol scenario rap be on the rocks Authenticity that missin fee to pay to join the flock of MC These niggaz stand lower than knees Dramatized in they eyes as the ones to please When rap kids apply violent pressure to father, brother and son for fun to say they inflict pain R&B niggaz lie to mother, sister, and daughter to have sex disguised as lovin in the rain Their words are more hallow than October 31st what's worse, hate to see the females switch to sexual mentality, it doesn't match with they given anatomy Man they rather be hoes like that male emcee Who walk around like they got nuts And use the tits and ass like a crutch Man the underground's about not bein exposed So you better take you naked ass and put on some clothes man this be goin out to the kids from East Smash  (Long Island) Amityville           (Long Island) To all my people out in Wyandanch, Bayshore   (Long Island) C.I.'s in the place         (Long Island) Brentwood, Hempstead, all my       (Long Island) brothers out in Roosevelt, Freeport     (Long Island) Uniondale to Long Beach        (Long Island) To them girls out in Huntington      (Long Island) Long Island for real         (Long Island) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: De La Soul Album: Stakes is High Song: Dinninnit Typed by: OHHLA.com Now, where the ladies at? "Yo, we're chillin' over here" And all the fellas? "Takin over this year" I heard the party's round here, right? "You know that's right" Dinninit, yo, hey, hey, hey Now, where the ladies at? "Yo, we're chillin' over here" And all the fellas, the fellas? "Takin over this year" I heard the party's round here, right? "You know that's right" Dinninit, yo, hey, hey, hey Dinninit, yo, hey, hey, hey Dinninit, yo, hey, hey, hey Dinninit, yo, hey, hey, hey Dinninit, yo, hey, hey, hey It's so real when we come through Sunshine be on my sidewalk when i come through Schoolly d like family reunions Midday may, it's all lovin' Take a walk down to d dot c The war's tuggin' And ain't no druggin' My credit's a gain While you searchin for some trick To put the shit in her name I be spendin on wall street And buyin' boardwalk Dodging problems of the world Drawn out in white chalk Peace, mr. war I'm seein' all dimensions But unlike your eye extensions My vision don't blur 'What' 'when' and 'word's Where the gossip occur Heard i'm sexin' sade And i bought her a fur Battin' eyes at toni braxton And i bought her a fur Now i'm hittin' whitney houston Oh, she bought me a fur? Far-fetched like glass teks And kiddie rolex Soon comin' But now it's time to kick the fun in Now, where the ladies at? "Yo, we're chillin' over here" And all the fellas? "Takin over this year" I heard the party's round here, right? "You know that's right" Dinninit, yo, hey, hey, hey I'm pourin out these rhymes For them kids who ain't here Stakes is high But we gonna try to have fun this year Before there were guns There was native tongues on these plains But others on Without them being pawns in this game 'Cause a pawn in this game Is left with no game to play So, um, you best ta check And hear what we got to say Now if you came to party Just let it be known Now if you came to fight You might get that head flown By the one and only Maseo plug third J.D. dove plays the wall As kenny cal spurts words And a number To a crew of dope girls from the woods And not dope meaning weed But dope meaning (good) Like them west coast kids Who be throwin' up signs I hate a buster Unless his name is busta rhymes So check the way my mind moves Over times and grooves Got some money to blow Wonder why wanna know Where the ladies at? "Yo, we're chillin' over here" And all the fellas, the fellas? "Takin over this year" I heard the party's round here, right? "You know that's right" Dinninit, yo, hey, hey, hey The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: De La Soul Album: Stakes is High Song: Brakes Typed by: OHHLA.com There's a lot of people out here Who just don't know What plays a factor In movin' heads and toes It be them hits Hangin' out of them stereo kits Whether cassette radio or cd bits Mix tapes from the best Going on and on Throughout the city grounds To suburban lawns Man, we don't play Even where we stay Videos shows the visuals Of jams today Coinciding with the rhythm Of the heart and neck The brakes got you In your proper context You let your lex or your Sixty-four suspension Bounce away all your tension En route to the club Where girls need the quenchin' Diamonds on your wrist Sunroof top But niggas out front Makin' guns go pop So the spot gets shut But on to the next 'Cause your ears get vexed When they don't get the fix cause [These are the brakes] It be your listenin pleasure While you're doin your chores [These are the brakes] No matter where you from It's for you and yours [These are the brakes] Bringing it back to the brakes Like the 'yes yes y'all' [These are the brakes] So let it be your anthem When you're havin' a ball Well it's silly of me To think that I Would never get a chance to see A piece of this pie I sat dead in front of speakers Thinkin' that could be me Anticipatin' open microphones So I could emcee Had a catalogue of raps Impressin' all the 'round-the-wayers Before I went to bed Included rhymes into my prayers But that rhyme is all on paper I want my song on vinyl plates I dreamin' hits and doin' shows Makin my niggas spines shake Expectin' nuttin but a little bit Of radio play Gettin diced on 1 and 2's By the best djs, hey Time was kinda tight But still i dotted on the line And some expected me To start buhlooning in the mind Seein' spaces and places That i couldn't pronounce But still i had the pulleys To make all the bullies bounce With the blessings of the great We took it from state to state 'Cause we landed on the good foot And got our biggest brake cause [These are the brakes] A mother gets mugged By her crackhead son "That's the brakes, that's the brakes" You're in the wrong part of town So the shots make you run "That's the brakes, that's the brakes" Your best comrades put six tabs In your o.e. "That's the brakes, that's the brakes" Your boyfriend made you a carrier of HIV "That's the brakes, that's the brakes" Now what's gonna happen When the sun don't shine I'm buyin tickets aboard The caravan of love Hey fellas See, money don't make shots repel I break woes and compose Some rhymes to tell So when the party's live It shouldn't be beef Or playin' indian roles I guess you thought you was chief Seems all broke up And now you woke up surprised Situation's gettin sticky Dead in front of your eyes We play the wall Similar to tacks Until the dj plays The necessary track In fact as the jam plays on Out comes all your bread To pay for drinks For them girls you want to spread Don't be mislead When the brakes inside your head And have you reminiscing On them kids who got you fed Until reality reveals a miss Who wants to know If you can play her real close Out on the dance floor 'cause [These are the brakes] It be your listenin pleasure While you're doin your chores [These are the brakes] No matter where you from It's for you and yours [These are the brakes] Ringin it back to the brakes Like the 'yes yes y'all' [These are the brakes] So let it be your anthem When you're havin, a ball The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: De La Soul Album: Stakes is High Song: Dog Eat Dog Typed by: OHHLA.com It's a dog eat dog competition (no doubt) I'll be gone like you're wishin (and i'm out) 'Cause i ain't got time For hangin around When you're fuckin' my love In all the wrong places It's a dog eat dog competition (no doubt) I'll be gone like you're wishin (and i'm out) 'Cause i ain't got time For hangin around When you're fuckin' my love In all the wrong places Extra, extra What's that all about? I'm wishin the position Of my loving's sorted out I shed a tear cause i'm hearin' Nothing new or particular Status once parallel Now it's perpendicular And everything is just as clear as day Realistically explicit In the things you say I guess a "bitch" in the batter's Gonna make the flavor fatter But you gots to keep it for real Forget about your jewels and gems You won't be needin None of them The tool'll fix the era My mellow used to wear a Namebuckle, now he chuckle 'Cause he earn a dime Quicker Talkin bout a burnin' Sippin on some malt liQuor And all these kiddies Wishin they were supa emcees But to earn my "s" I had to learn some less About a crime'll make million A dime'll make a call I'd rather hop on the line And drop a rhyme to prince paul Cause it's a dog eat dog competition (no doubt) I'll be gone like you're wishin (and i'm out) 'Cause i ain't got time For hangin around When you're fuckin' my love In all the wrong places Hey kid What's the word? Man, it's all about mind Keeping focused On them self-mechanisms of rhyme So no longer stand erect 'Cause your thoughts are drained Walkin' round Manifesting attributes of shame Used to sQuabble for the mic But now accordingly We act Unless a club can't afford the fee We act So name that any best man To put us under Created from the ground Yet know nothin 'Bout the under Take a glimpse At them pimps Playin record exec Addin up all your zeros So's to cut you a check Saying why the blunder wonder Could've g'd today So you can put up some swings For your seed to play But a swing ain't that important When the park's around the corner Filled with life causing death Greeting victims for the morning It was the moment i feared Nah, the moment i steered Upon the right path To know the right math To over stand It's a dog eat dog competition (no doubt) I'll be gone like you're wishin (and i'm out) 'Cause i ain't got time For hangin around When you're fuckin my love In all the wrong places The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: De La Soul Album: Stakes Is High Song: Baby Baby Baby Baby Ooh Baby Typed by: OHHLA.com Intro: Ohh there go that bullshit again You heard that shit?  Nah I ain't hear that That's that bullshit from the other day They done took the Buffalo Girls beat and changed it all around They playin themselves! Verse One: Jazzyfatnastees You remind me when I reminesce of you (yeah) All the freaky things I want to do, to you (that's right) Rub me up, rub me down, rub me all around (what) Kiss me here, kiss me there, kiss me, kiss me everywhere! Tell me what the cost to get in line cuz you are mine tonight Gonna give you all I got to give, as long as you rub it right I will love you right (I don't care if you diss me) I will do you right (I don't care if you don't want me) *come on* Baby baby won't you be my baby baby Be my baby baby baby baby baby baby (come on, come on, hahh) Baby baby won't you be my baby baby Be my baby baby baby baby baby baby (yo, hahh, knowhatI'mean?           gonna set it like this, what) Verse Two: Pos Now I forgot how to forget so I remember your face With your pretty accent, wearin man-attract scent Others fakin constantly stakin out pockets of dreams Always tryin to sham too that's why they crave champagne But the blame still remains not to be on you I know your style and your love lasts Long like the Island I'm from I'm on the drum man, and it's all good Cause I flexed on your ex, make sure he understood That you would, never again want to be his wife So we connect lips to hips, and uhh, eyes to thighs You're my so-phisti-cated, lady All mine, if you wasn't I'd go cra-zay Outro: Jazzyfatnastees Baby baby won't you be my baby baby    Yeah baby, this is uhh Baby baby be my baby baby baby baby    Posda on the microphone WRMS rocks the best hey hey hey it's the fat man Scoop Wonder ear in your hand That was JFB, baby baby baby OHHHHHHHHHH bay-bah!!!!!!!!! Ha hah!!! I pick my nose wash my clothes and be back in a minute With Busta Rhymes, the mighty infamous Zhane, A Tribe Called Quest, nonetheless WRMS Fat man Scoop, tryin to get this rap loot yeah The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: De La Soul Album: Stakes is High Song: Long Island Degrees Typed by: Delph226@aol.com Verse One: Maseo It's strong island for real, where the critters run wild the prefix is 516, the top of the dial trhough the L.I. Sound, to the villa down under and across the globe I heard a lot of folks wonderin' so when's it coming 'cause the stakes is high see big money that waves don't put the pen to my page and ain't nothin' wrong with standing still and relaxing and spendin' some of that cash that Uncle Sam is gonna tax a New York demeanor is sit back in the beamer with nothing to lose but some gas and some minutes ignorin' the gazers 'cause some stars don't get petty and that trash you talk is just New Years confetti it's like that y'all, but that's all 'bout to change like some of my own, people tend to act strange i'm making a scene, and it's served with it's capabilities so set it at an island's degrees Posdanous: It's strong island for real, the diagnosis is supreme the prefix is 516, where microphones fiend the voices that gots the gift, 'cause the world is on their shoulders makein' plans to switch from little rock to money boulders the real proceed my girl stands deep from nubians actin' like Columbians sellin' keys characters have the tendency to con themselves to think the East Coast is only New York and Philadelph you know the way we blow, your shit is played like pork and as for what we be bringin' you, we live and direct from New York I ougtta say my fam causes commercs. steppin' to me fool will get you punched out like a curse it's like that y'all, let it all consume like them brothas who smoke, 'till they high like the moon soon to a town near you be them super emcees settin' them Long Island degrees Maseo: I hit the L.I.R.R. for big dreamers out east and get your bank roll split bangin' dents out your systems sellin' points to get the uppercut like Sonny Liston but eyes closed episodes bring you back to zeroes the same herp playin' like he Casablanca blind to it, but I'm a grind him up a cup of Sanka servin' dimes loves on tennis courts and sorts laid back like grown folks sippin' tea for sport Posdanous: I be sweepin' up the room with my lyrical broom while others rhymes smell like plastic like some lunch room utensil the official color for this planet is green which growns in pockets of them people willing to scheme an't no expose, these facts are from the mouth profilin' through Island with that wind from down south at last, be the world broad cast from the crew who gave you 3's magic on an island degrees Maseo: it's strong island for real where the critters smoke fritters night time excites time for the heavy hitters gang on hers 'cause in the mean time mine is home on date fluffin' pillows impatiently waitin' ain't no debatin' 'Bout to settle, check the level stakes is high as the sky I got questions about your life if you so ready to die we in the last quarter y'all, somebody's gonna cry I think they need to set the clock before the time pass by Posdanous: In the round one no nines my size can get swelly sensing danger I will play a ranger on my celly with my felly we're wonderful like colorful flix provide a thread and needle every time the stages get ripped I grip upon the pleasure sippin' the tea on the island 'cause that island is the main artery so uh, you better come and give respect for catch some of these knucks from the island degrees The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: De La Soul Album: Stakes is High Song: Betta Listen Typed by: OHHLA.com [Listen all you fellas, here's what good love is] [Listen all you fellas, the kind she understands] [Listen all you fellas, then you won't have to worry no no more] [Listen all you fellas, you betta listen] [you betta listen] [Listen all you fellas, here's what good love is] [Listen all you fellas, the kind she understands] [Listen all you fellas, then you won't have to worry no no more] [Listen all you fellas, you betta listen] [you betta listen] Mummy I saw one day She was on some fume vapors Givin' me lip so I continued with the caper Cat litter had me sniffin Since outside the palace Eyes sicker than aids Game harder than a callous Tried to enter in her shit She had locks on the session Tellin me how her last man Taught her ass a lesson damn Well, i'm not the mayor I take care of my dimes But I excluded I had nickels Addin' up to her kind Short stacks with a wristful of jewels Sayin she didn't need a man To make her out for a fool Dig it, miss, my love is credited in cupid account And if you need that extra help Gigglin, figurin' I had jokes for her humor Then she broke out with the words About knowin all the rumors "See, all you niggas rappin be like pedigree dogs Thinkin you can have me leashed Around your microphone cords" Somethin 'bout her lit me up like july And with them onions in the pants I couldn't help but cry Seemed lost in the essence But i had to find my way to take Action for the digits just to set up a date Thought my shinin was on I had the skirts in the bag Until i took a bit of time To peep the price on the tag She said "I'm that salt and pepa Who like pushin it to sisters You need to get to walkin with it mister, I think you betta listen" [Listen all you fellas, here's what good love is] [Listen all you fellas, the kind she understands] [Listen all you fellas, then you won't have to worry no no more] [Listen all you fellas, you betta listen] [you betta listen] We was at some outside jam one saturday night When this pretty ass girl got locked in my sight She was a ghetto philosopher Yeah you know the type Thinkin' Mary J. and sade understood her strife Caught me lookin', "Yo what's cookin?" "Nothin' from around here So don't approach or hope To be the man of the year" I said listen deer or rabbit or whatever the hell you be I'm not the one to embarrass But the one to emcee I traveled the world q uarters on my relationships Used and abused by hoes So my royalty stubs But above all I brought my daughter into this earth So I understand the need Of women feeling of worth She glanced deep in my eyes And said "oh shit, you're ill I like the way your mind Moves around at will Still, let me apologize for soundin so sassy But you niggas act as if my ass Has a sign that says harass me" Her name was gail from the union of dale I made her remove the shades So her eyes could tell me the plan Yo where's your man? "Oh that nigga's past tense, Painted bruises on my face Haven't seen him ever since" Gave a pinch to my bottom And started rubbing my back She said "i bet your ass is darker Than a mobb deep track" Only one way to know it, And i was down to show it So we jetted back to my crib to set it She made it known "I've owned thoughts of you Since that song 'meeny-meeny' Can't believe you're about To be all up in between me" Man, the flag was lowered So my wood was raised Followed a shielding of my building To protect me from the blaze This granted access to Southern parts of her borders Did you have her comin'? Like the new world order I caught her with the right combination A good combination Keepin' it in her hard, man You betta listen [Listen all you fellas, here's what good love is] [Listen all you fellas, the kind she understands] [Listen all you fellas, then you won't have to worry no no more] [Listen all you fellas, you betta listen] [you betta listen] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: De La Soul Album: Stakes Is High Song: Itzsoweezee Typed by: OHHLA.com Intro: Great all-dedication Mos Def affiliation Adequate representation This is the phat presentation De La dedication Common Sense collaborations Peace to all of you Haitians Check it out Chorus: repeat 2X If money makes a man strange -- we gots to rearrange So what makes the world go round If love is against the law -- listen I don't know Gotta change how it's goin down Verse One: Dove Fell in love with this fish who got caught in my mesh But yo she burned my scene up like David Koresh I guess a diamond ain't nothing but a rock with a name I guess love ain't nuttin but emotion and game It's a lesson well learned so praise is well due I'm sendin off from Big I, to Kenny Calhoun And add a reservation for the resident crew And yo get your bowl cuz we cookin up stew See them Cubans don't care what y'all niggaz do Colombians ain't never ran with your crew Why you acting all spicy and sheisty The only Italians you knew was icees, niggaz price me I'm keepin it clean, like a washing machine And yo, get your locomotion run into full steam I'm sending out a greeting to my man Daseem I got a child so I gotsta get the green, right right Chorus Itzsoweezee, it's gettin hot this year Itzsoweezee, it's gettin hot (repeat 4X) Verse Two: Dove I own the deeds to some acres in the West, indeed Where my pops is building residence to house my seed Now here's the lead, y'all niggaz pray to hot rods and not God While Versace play you niggaz like Yahtzee Crackin jokes like you Patzi (When's the last time you had Happy Days?) Blazin up your herb to escape the maze, but the problem stays Think big get it big is my motto You can go and play your lotto, I'll be singin like baby won't you be mine You'll be pressin rewind, you can never see mine Keep your eyes focused, you can't touch this or quote this Style is crazy bogus so you can't try to approach this Stomp you out like roaches, pullin on my coattail like some horses pullin coaches, WHOA your roller coasters It's hotter than the temperature that's cookin in your toasters While the heat'll put you deep into hypnosis Chorus 2X Itsoweezee, Enoli's in the area Itsoweezee, Timbo King's in the area Itsoweezee, Maseo's in the area Itsoweezee, ninety-six in your area Itsoweezee, lawd lawd lawd! Itsoweezee, lawd lawd lawd lawd Itsoweezee, lawd lawd, for y'all peace Itsoweezee Itsoweezee (8X) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: De La Soul f/ Zhane Album: Stakes is High Song: 4 More Typed by: OHHLA.com [Never gonna give up on you] We gonna do it like this [Just a little bit] Like that [just a little bit] Zhane [just a little bit] De La [just a little bit] c'mon] [Chorus]: I'll never give you up No, I'll never stop Keep it comin' Keep on comin' 4 more [2x] It's that brown man from long islandin' shores Got a way with women, so I get away with yours Because you're whole game's outdated Which leaves all the pretty women heavily sedated Mummy you can play your ripley's Or believe it or not I shoot gift like heron With skills of gil-scott Nights like sir lancelot can get heated Prescribin' your vibe, love, I know how you need it [Chorus]: [2x] I like to mingle sometimes So I head out of state to find a couple of dimes But a government rate can't settle for no nickels Even pennies for thought for short I need connections With big bank selections Securing all the sections With sing-sing corrections Seedin' like nature, escapin' like gas Tell me how long this love is gonna last Thinkin' fast might spoil somethin' Turn a [?] to nothin' [?] to your lady is special Seen a bigger picture on the screen But you're a movie, you move me You soothe me like holidays, getaways The brochure said do it So true It's not a hold hand mission Cut the public display Heard you're headed for the stars Put the gazers away Mine times out of ten We cut to good friends But when we on the tenth We gotta go the length I'm not a playa Yet i get more play Than a talk show shown Cross the USA Have em' moanin' out the vowels sounds Ooh, eeii, and aahh And how by now you should know me and my Do members of the opposite sex Have their boyfriend screaming out We got more techs Than that ball team in georgia [Yo, he said he's comin for ya] All because the ho wanna go to the casbah [Chorus]: [2x] You can get with Some of these women Some of the time When your face is in the light [?] stirred with lime Is it a crime To set your mind to death? Resuscitated See how many brain cells left I feel your body's drawn to my positive Don't even want a baby If it's that easy to give I live right around the corner Three states away Take a holiday Come check me Watch how I set the Mood, check a movie on the tube Get your belt mad loose like lee Phone's turned way down To avoid the beef Or the questions If she's the only one gettin' lessons You're into crime faces, huh? Well i'll play your capone Suzy q got the grill To make the cake chrome Situation's gettin absurd Hot on a plat So work the format See how we do that? And you're figurin We love on the rock I'ma keep it up front To maintain the stock Displayin all the goodies From your knuckle to knees Make it hot like the island degrees Now that's special [Chorus]: The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: De La Soul f/ Mos Def Album: Stakes Is High Song: Big Brother Beat Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Ha ha ha ha Ha, ha ha ha ha Ha! Ha ha ha ha Ah-ha ha ha, ah-ha ha ha ha, ha!! Intro/Chorus: De La + Mos Def Now this goes out to all area clicks Centralized and way out in the sticks Remember to keep the De La/De La/Native Tongue in the mix Just like log cabin syrup my sound is game thick Now this goes out to all area clicks From manicured lawns to projects bricks/bricks/from 718 to the 51-6 Remember to keep the Mos Def/Native Tongue in the mix Straight butter hits, drop as a good as it gets/gets/straight butter hits Verse One: Mos Def, Dove, Posdonus Now, come on y'all, get live get down What we have is a brand new sound So don't none of y'all just be misled The De La's gonna do the body good like wheat bread Shakin laces out of shoes, Mos Def bought the brews Sittin indian squats to make that red tie knots See I'm out to get the core like in them Rainbow Pops Swingin life like a hammock, invested like stocks Via sinus complex, I aims to clog it up Snappin by the pain as a crew hear the gain We remain on your mind like skulls, not a golem I'ma show it in the house all perimeters are blown Native Tongue come through to make you say yes yes This is the body Mos Def style fresh like baby breath We are the killer combination with the size to administer the beatdown to swell up all three of your eyes Chorus Now check it out, and ya don't stop We got the big brother beat, ya don't stop (repeat 2X) Verse Two: Mos Def, Posdonus, Dove I don't bug out I chill, don't be actin ill No trick in ninety-six, Native Tongue gon build But we be easy on the cut, no mistakes allowed Cause to me, MC mean, make it clean When I speak on groups and I'm smooth like gabba D Tryin to hang out with Dove and catch love in Aberdine (word up) I bag dimes like my man born on August 17 Life be nuttin but a river son I'm swimmin upstream Playin wait up, with the data servin your ears with information due to confirmation of the nation's most wicked ways of livin, like them glassy eyed beans Inhale to smoke the fiends, while bangin a table Rated at the high point of the mass Rippin MC's at the top of a class, occasionally rippin some sucker's face Or some suckable ass from a girl It's a big brother beat for the wide wide world I'm makin memos off these demos back in eighty-nine Took you all on encounters of an unknown kind (right) Did the hustle with a couple of us, but soon noted That my niggaz buttered Benedict rolls, and then voted I wrote in the dark so I could feel it like braille (uh-huh) Heard the big brother beat, got locked with no bail Came to set like equators invented, with the heat Yo Mos Def how you radiate to make it complete RIGHT *echoes*, so when I shine the light crabs wince Manifestin for the future here in the present tense No doubt, I love the sound biggin out off your Jeeps Son I want the little kids bangin big brother beats Chorus We straight butter hits, we straight butter hits Perfecta, perfecta (repeat 3X) Word up The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: De La Soul Album: Stakes is High Song: Down Syndrome Typed by: OHHLA.com [Pos] I be that mind blessin blessin these lessons we've ignited Want to bring it to my face man you're cordially invited cause I've cited, you posess no science in your thinking So I'm gonna (never) you're blinking! [Dove] Fingers be pointin, and leakin falsifyin the stink You think I'm pink I bl-l-link with them shades of thought and think (and in this corner be the hush) so play on William Rhodes Cause at the sound of the bell my circle square controls And all MC's best sweat, we bringin buckets of heat [Pos] So don't fret kid I let you lick the love I secrete, yo Even my foes give me bravos, and that shows total domination in this rhyme complication [Dove] Yeah the skill is a cinch I rock the womb with a mic and in the days of the nickel and breast, I knew de yes yes y'allin was the callin, clearly not for the gat For combat, I bring a bag of my rhymes for the SAT [Pos] I'm Plug One-of-a-kind, for you people's delight And for you sucker MC's, step to your knees Ain't no second thoughts and all your thoughts are from Orion I can tell that you a devil by them rhymes you're designin Your play doggin tactics can't fuck with my facets Just because you talk all that glock shit don't mean you can rock shit! Your identities on freeze Just a form of protozoa tryin to cross them seas [Dove] See high horse riders gettin shot by the sheriff Cause nobody's safe for crimes And even all you skirts need to checkin in your upstairs attic Cause Mase is smackin hoes if hoes is startin static [Pos] Now it ain't all good when your jam goes wood So as a deterrant, I use mental current Got them brothers shook, peep the look comin out of the face Cause they all catch a bruise from the hits we make   Your fame and cars should be listed as magnets   Legends never die but they can get shot and killed   Ain't nuttin glitter when you're battlin MC's    you once imitated in a mirror so to down syndrome you kneel [Dove] The same status I heard, the same nothin My ears fears the faulty locks tryin to lock down the stops but I earn more than your Menudo or your Boyz II Men While down syndrome keeps you immune to frequencies I send Fresher than a sniff off havin them J in fifth I identify with your rhythm but I exist for more than just a Benz, so mends I'm cuttin off my friends to keep a smile calicum iron grain [Pos] Let me tell you a little something about Soul (tell em son) I be a piece of the East coast, so give a toast to Plug Wonder why back in the day who soaked his words in jigga So when I ran a phrase in June you didn't catch it til December I'm a member of them kids from the inner city Giving you kitties audible treats, you be aching for making more money than a pagan holiday Not from the PJ's, yet I still got something to say [Dove] Say what man? You gritty like a diamond grenade For the cameo spot you tries to fool Parade You acrobats flip the star gazin map, for alla that you'll be the first to place, and ran it all to a waste And all the style that you bring (gotta make decks bend) You gotta rip it from the start (when the beats come in!!!) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: De La Soul f/ Truth Enola Album: Stakes is High Song: Pony Ride Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Ah hah ha hah-hah (4X) *sung* Just stop takin me for a ride..  	(c'mon, c'mon, c'mon) *sung* All I wanna do is take my time..  	(take your time baby, take your time baby, c'mon) *sung* Just stop takin me for a ride..  	(Ah hah ha hah-hah, hah ha hah-hah) *sung* All I wanna do is take my time..  [Dove] I'ma stand up for art express, do mic test rehearsals Eight years of man livin, ain't no edits or commercials Flick the God like mummy, but my own want a debit Tossin facts and how they axis don't, spin on a limit Ain't no need to dwell, to health I'm fakin your jax Ride niggaz get to sittin to rear, so play the Parks of Rosa Suppose I have my whole life on it Funny how those you love love the evil they do I brew the medicine to heal, a bit of verbals we had But yo' ideas of heal, is left the surface of it scabbed Navigations nearly took me on some cruise type expense Dispensin me some shitty canal, I took the juice because I'm used to one-ways, detours and destinations of ways in life, I pretends the knife stuck in my spine'll be a symbol, how Jack can B. Nimble But it's time to make that foggy vision crystal We gots to get the crystal right? *sung* Just stop takin me for a ride..  *sung* All I wanna do is take my time..  *sung* Just stop takin me for a ride..  *sung* All I wanna do is take my time..  [Truth Enola] Take my time.. Well I don't wanna go that far To sell my soul, I ain't gonna go that far I'm takin minds and hearts beyond the shinin star Raw dick, honey I don't wanna go that far So listen why you riskin your mentality against mine? Sick of leadin love Sick of leadin love, leavin love loudfaced in the vehicle of mine Them wanna do awards, ? nine ninety-nine, watch em Profile the true fall out for so-called friends Like mercury and water, we just don't blend I end the game technically, you wanna stop me True gems show affection like Jody Watley, so.. *sung* Just stop takin me for a ride..  *sung* All I wanna do is take my time..  *sung* Just stop takin me for a ride..  *sung* All I wanna do is take my..  Take my.. take my time.. Take my..  Take my.. take my time.. Take my..	(but I don't wanna go that far!) [Posdonus] I recall kissin on my lady, talkin bout makin babies Now we made the baby, but cannot connect as legal spouses Now me and my daughter reside in different houses What louses up the structure, is leavin things up to the child lesser, than a child runnin wild from mild pressure Mega.. (mega..) nega.. (nega..) tive to live a master plan when that plan has no master You stare at false tongues, leadin the yung'un to disaster Postures of this world is seen as mad crooked Want your manhood, but man, your dad took it We used to swallow 40's and a whole lot of pride Nice MC's be frontin on some whole other vibe Just because them albums are sealed, doesn't mean them lyrics are untampered with, let's kill the myth that as MC's we know it all, we all children still No tricks for ninety-six, it's due time we build man.. *sung* Just stop takin me for a ride..  	Yes, stop gassin me, stop gassin me *sung* All I wanna do is take my time..  	All we want to deal, is reality *sung* Just stop takin me for a ride.. 	Stop gassin me, stop gassin me  *sung* Cause all I wanna do is take my time.. 	Take my time, take my time, c'mon! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: De La Soul f/ Jay Dee (J Dilla) Album: Stakes is High Song: Stakes is High Typed by: OHHLA.com [Pos] The instamatic focal point bringing damage to your boroughs Be some brothers from the east with some beats that be thorough Got the solar gravitation so I'm bound to pull it I gets down like brothers are found ducking from bullets Gun control means using both hands in my land Where it's all about the cautious livin' Migrating to a higher form of consequence, compliments Of strugglin', that shouldn't be notable Man every word I say should be a hip hop quotable [Dove] I'm sick of bitches shakin' asses I'm sick of talkin' about blunts Sick of Versace glasses Sick of slang Sick of half-ass awards shows Sick of name brand clothes Sick of R&B bitches over bullshit tracks Cocaine and crack Which brings sickness to blacks Sick of swoll' head rappers With their sicker-than raps Clappers and gats Makin' the whole sick world collapse The facts are gettin' sick Even sicker perhaps Stickabush to make a bundle to escape this synapse [Pos] Man life can get all up in your ass baby you betta work it out Let me tell you what it's all about A skin not considered equal A meteor has more right than my people Who be wastin' time screaming who they've hated That's why the Native Tongues have officially been re-instated (Vibes....vibrations) Stakes is high (Higher than high) You know them stakes is high (Higher than high) When we talkin' 'bout the (Vibes....vibrations) Stakes is high, you know them stakes is high When we dealin' with the (Vibes....vibrations) Stakes is high (Hey yo, what about that love?) [Pos] Yo, it's about love for cars, love for funds Loving to love mad sex, loving to love guns Love for opposite, love for fame and wealth Love for the fact of no longer loving yourself, kid We living in them days of the man-made ways Where every aspect is vivid these brothers no longer talk shit Hey yo, these niggas live it 'Bout to give it to you 24/7 on the microphone Plug One translating the zone No offense to a player, but yo, I don't play And if you take offense, fuck it, got to be that way J.D. Dub, show your love, what you got to say? [Jay Dee] I say G's are making figures at a high regard And niggas dying for it nowadays ain't odd Investing in fantasies and not God Welcome to reality, see times is hard People try to snatch the credit, but can't claim the card Showing out in videos, saying they co-starred See, shit like that will make your mama cry Better watch the way you spend it 'Cause the stakes is high Y'all know them stakes is high When we talkin' 'bout the (Vibes....vibrations) Stakes is high I think that smiling in public is against the law 'Cause love don't get you through life no more It's who you know and "How you, son?" And how you gettin' in, and who the man holding heat Hey yo, and how was the skins and how high Yo what up, huh? I heard you caught a body Seem like every man and woman shared a life with John Gotti [Pos] But they ain't organized! [Jay Dee] Mixing crimes with life enzymes Taking the big scout route And niggas know doubt better Than they know their daughters And their sons (Oh boy) [Pos] Yo, people go through pain and still don't gain Positive contact just like my main man Who got others cleaning up his physical influence His mind got congested He got the nine and blew it Neighborhoods are now hoods cause nobody's neighbors Just animals surviving with that animal behavior Under I who be rhyming from dark to light sky Experiments when needles and skin connect No wonder where we live is called the projects When them stakes is high you damn sure try to do Anything to get the piece of the pie Electrify Even die for the cash But at last I be out even though you wantin' more This issue is closed like an elevator door But soon re-opened once we get to the next floor where the (Vibes....vibrations) Stakes is high Y'all know them stakes is high When we talkin' 'bout the (Vibes....vibrations) Stakes is high Stakes is high, come on The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: De La Soul Album: Stakes Is High Song: Sunshine Typed by: brians@compusmart.ab.ca (high on sunshine, lightin' my way) [Dove] and yes y'all you are about to build witness from the lands of Long Island takin' you to the sky's survival I am your captain, ain't no lie on this endless joruney to invisions, to brouden your outer visions to where you never been before it's just a one night trip to love sun shinin' forever, and forever sun shines [Pos] yo, leaving lasting impressions like cuts to flesh be that crew from the five one six point of view with skills so tight, if them rhymes was a vagina them clits will turn into a diamond, the level of rhymin' pressure comes from lessor forms than me and my man and we go back like life created from um, specks of sand and there's money to be made 'cause cacaussians are paid only brothers who rhyme, sing bouts and catch balls Plug 1, with them rhymes makin' your heart stall like them girls when you in they room when they man calls it ain't nothin' but the thing Oneder Why can bring as we come to the bring the pain everyone will sing De La is the crew that you must hear, but please don't rush the stage 'cause even though them stakes are realy high, we're really not here to race we're just here to move your mind and soul with propetuated ease it's just about the show until it's time to go, and get with the young ladies [Dove] I'm on travellin' to places that the eye can't see but kinder, cause yo' strife don't mean a thing to me throwin' me criminal looks, y'all need to get in the books and drop some water in your melon, 'stead of actin' like a felon aiyo son, who you tellin'? I'd make a mil if it was up to me but since it ain't I teach my seed to bank hard and than God, I smoke a substance of a different kind catch me trippin' on earth when I'm high off sunshine [Pos] down right to dirt, Oneder Why makes it work with access to talent like cacaussins to yellow cabs with an Arab driver I liven parties with marvelous confiction ain't no fricition when life claims them victims who be ??? some dried up funds best believe that the life is trife 'casue the gun made a man outta pussy's from around my way who usually wouldn't have a fuckin' thing to say last year's hard rocks are now petrified boulders and L.I.'s finest is movin' yo' necks at shows the anthem of ths guy has a place in yo' eye so you can be blessed to see in 3d double-e The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: De La Soul Album: Art Official Intelligence (Mosaic Thump) Song: U Can Do (Life) Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [whispered] (ahhhh, ahhhh)  c'mon, c'mon, bounce - bounce c'mon.. bounce, rock, roll (ahhhh, ahhhh) Chorus: {sung} You can do, whatever you want Whatever you like It's your own life So let me be, to do what I want To do what I like Cause this is my life [Dove] It's been about ten long years, my skin wreaks flavors that your incense couldn't match We burn slow like syphillis in your piss, accomodated with the penicill-in, you're listenin, to This "Art Official" will keep your shoes moonwalkin Soon to talk about, "Pop Music" You'll buy it cause you choose it A lot of MC's is really S&M'n Whips and chains, I maintain like a old jazz singer Ella Fitz. in any location Held back in rotation, an apple a day only makes a nigga fruity I eat responsibilities to carry out my duty ?? in the MD's, I pull it out just to polish it Make notes if you earnin or wait your turnbuckle I stick to gettin mines like stucco (ahhhh, ahhhh) Chorus [Pos] I'm that full-time rapper, the nickname's Llama Part-time father if you ask my daughter's mommas Missin in action cause the action got a fraction of the world listenin to me Got me travellin overseas in lands constantly Got a sea of hands wavin, ain't misbehavin but a lot of kids cravin for somethin they ain't got Like the keys to the ride and a pocket with a knot and it's holdin they ground til they rot in it Plottin it, lockin it down strong cause it's nuttin wrong gettin your bubblin on sticker But too much bubblin can make you fizz quicker So watch your stack, keep your fam intact and pay attention to the now, I'm clearin the mess While they stressin back in the day, I'm at the front of the night with my crew shinin light on the (ahhhh, ahhhh) Chorus 2X [Pos] Now we on top of this like a typical bed position Peepin your view, got your whole crew wishin and waitin Makin dollars out of ten dime pieces who be sippin out the glass suckin on the lime pieces included In my pieces I pen the good livin And even when we're stressin from in the hood livin at least we're livin and there ain't no hell in that Give me a yell in that, and go (ahhhh, ahhhh) [Dove] I wanna see the world ten times over Dive off cliffs and land on oppotunities unthinkable You sinkin straight to the bottom; while I float in parades that St. Patty couldn't put up All my niggaz tryin to build, then throw your wood up Design life like PNB gears so stand clear for the blast off Last off my chest, peace to Dav West Live your life to the fullest (ahhhh, ahhhh) Chorus [whispered] You can do.. what you want.. what you like Let me be.. what I want.. what I like The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: De La Soul f/ J-Ro, Tash (Tha Liks), Xzibit Album: Art Official Intelligence (Mosaic Thump) Song: My Writes Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash {*ad libs for the first 30 seconds*} [Dove] Yo - who hold guns and rock ice bigger than life; got bitches throwin they drawers on stage - that ain't me! I raise kids, push whips, piss an MC Love money like I love my moms Love my nigga Com Sense when he bang dents all up in they wallets Wall to wall bullshit I got hardwood floors Set sail for tour ever since eighty-nine so y'all are fuckin the same hoes who used to be mine [Tash] And I've been waitin three summers to rhyme longside my people Rico, De La, inject you with the lethal dose of hop-hippin if you thought CaTash was slippin then put that drink down, you drunk off what you sippin CaTash put the dip in dip dive socialize Fuck around with me and next you'll find yo' crib burglarized [Xzibit] Yo you better recognize and try to analyze this Hand over fist - how can a man act like a bitch? Change and switch, snitch on his crew Yo get rid of the niggaz before the same thing happen to you [Pos] And they'll leave your ass sticky like glue Blood leakin out, girls freakin out, motherfuckin cops tweakin out Got you on your knees like a freak, jugglin deez nuts Smugglin these cuts from S.C., you best be- -lieve there's no web or weave a net We done swallowed 40 bottles of threat, yo [Chorus: all together] What you know about my writes? (my writes) What you know about what's weak, what's tight? And what you know about an off night? (uhh) What you know about niggaz frontin for the light? And what you know about them gun fights? (gun fights) Got a nigga duckin while them girls show fright What you know about my writes? (my writes) Ah what you know about my writes? (my writes) [Xzibit] Yeah, yeah, look I'm Samson without Delilah, the soul survivor The drunk driver that rolls straight, take the whole cake Chop it up with the family, wash it down with alcohol My celly's a Desert Eagle for all the fuckin shots I call My niggaz gotta ball, never settle for less Heavy metal, heavy on yo' chest like two breasts Step into my office cause it's time for you to roll somethin One false move, and we gon' beat you like you stole somethin [Pos] Yo these styles I kick should be called Bic raps Drawin the pussy out the nigga after my prize, cause I won it They stomach what I throw, they know I'm right for they diet They librarian flow keeps the party real quiet (shhhhh) The love I lost outweighs the rhymes I gain but the fact that I spit 'em makes me cherish the name So pass the mic so I can put in my share I rip it from home to L.A. with connectin flights to rip it elsewhere [J-Ro] Drinkin up Black & Tan in the back of a van I learned as a young man - long trip, piss in a can Gettin a house for two grand, now you got your own land Let your mind expand, everyday have a plan Ro-Gram is rare earth, swingin Black Tarzan You got to live with the cards dealt in yo' hand Stay young like Peter Pan, like Sly, take a Stand and go "Uptown Saturday Night" like Geechie Dan [Dove] I keep it dirty like under the bed (dirty) Dirty like Uncle Red; aiyyo, well hella poo-poo Dirty brown Likwit flow thicker than the Yoo-Hoo Dirt you dishin out, chef tellin it all Face down in the dirt, doin my dirty work Expert, tryin to regulate my network Head jerk, spice it with rice, stiff with it If they ask who cut the grits I'ma say E-Swift did it [Chorus] w/ minor variations [Tash] And I've been known to get it on, past the break of the dawn Tash'll punch you in your grill and leave "Potholes in Yo' Lawn" (C'mon!) You makin diss songs? Spit that rhyme my way I can shut y'all niggaz down like the Y-2-K I did a tour in ninety-four with De La Soul and Tribe We on the same vibe, cause real niggaz coincide ("Right-right-right..") The situation is drastic but see songs like these is why this album goin classic [J-Ro] This is for the DJ, bring it back one time I drop bombs like when my moms told me to rhyme I'm - old school like my dad is So add this, to your collect', Plug Won - who the baddest? [Pos] Aiyyo we theme park status, upstage these niggaz like Gladys Them little Pips, they done tripped the wire Blamin they legs, while I'm claimin these tunes In this we'll stay down like seats found in sorority bathrooms [Xzibit] Yeah - we flat out classic, seperate the real from the plastic and I ain't gotta say no names Play no games, hit the switches, crack the frame Show no shame or fuck it all up, take the blame Brand name fresh out the box type hustle Manpower success is mind over muscle Grind til the wheels fall off, accept the loss I never been soft, whatever the cost, addicted to floss Nailed to the cross it's time to return My only concern is makin sure that Hollywood burn, Hollywood burn, burn to the ground, trick-ass niggaz is all up in the game and don't deserve to be down [J-Ro] Four bottle rap, twist the cap and kick back De La, Xzibit and Tha Liks came to get that And what you know about us droppin ya and leavin you with half a face like the Phantom of the Opera? [Chorus] w/ minor variations [Chorus extended] Ah what you know about my writes? (my writes) Ah what you know about my writes? (my writes) [Tash] You got the right to shut the fuck up! {*laughing*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: De La Soul f/ Redman Album: Art Official Intelligence (Mosaic Thump) Song: Oooh! Typed by: brians@compusmart.ab.ca, OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash * - doing Run-D.M.C.'s "Together Forever (Live at Hollis Park '84)"] [Redman] * Party people, your dreams have now been fulfilled Get your ass up, and let's get ill That's right y'all, we more than rough, we callin your bluff And when it comes to rhymes... (Brick City) [Pos] Yo, don't scandalize mine I spent too much time Straight talk with the catch to etch my line walk Never fetchin for crime, halt! Who goes there? [Dove] Yo, it's the squeeze of five fingers, puffin Smokey the Bear Shinin black like Darth Vader caps, they on stare [Pos] While we rockin it, I'll rock in it (rock in it) Like the little ball inside the spray can Providing three coats for both child, woman and man Chorus One: Redman God bless the God, lay these Streets Wall to Wall It go - oooh, oooh, oooh, oooh! Yo, you got popped like a flick by that rivalry click It went - oooh, oooh, oooh, oooh! [Pos] It ain't my fault your ass is on the ashphalt Got your chin touched by my fam who though you brought harm, you see I'm iced out like a glass of tea Better yet, oatmeal cookies, y'all just rookies to me Slidin' up and down the court, but I don't think you can D Why try? Maseo be gettin high since Luke was Luke Skywalk' Man, my topic of talk is sheddin shame all over your game Like them shorties who claim that afrocentric lovin is the past drug A life filled with (*TWEET*) that's what thugs love Snatch you fast, wrap that ass in the rug of your choice while it muffles your voice [Dove] Now when I'm swimmin through the joint, I put the funk on hold Cause if you don't, you'll see the bubbles come up We run up a tab and gladly add a little extra for miss Flashy faces with bigger lips for that ass to kiss [Pos] Most crews are post-current while we're forever Direct beats that's contagious, loved by all ages Graduated from the you-and-I-versity of hard-hitters, for real Chorus Two: Redman I got niggas in the streets that'll blast your ass for the shine And get - oooh, oooh, oooh, oooh! Yo, if you a fat chick gettin your fuck on tonight Then go - oooh, oooh, oooh, oooh! Yo, put your hands opposite to the ground if you're lovin our sound Go - oooh, oooh, oooh, oooh! Yo, and to my broke niggaz on the corner holdin me down Go - oooh, oooh, oooh, oooh! [Dove] Yo, I swear Tommy gonna get it, he done did me wrong I had plans to buy more land, plant corn Bust kernels on heat, work hard like wetbacks Set backs is gonna get my ass to be hostile Rockwilder the beat, top dollar defeat Big money's make the big decisions Keep hip-hop alive, it's just an intermission  Back to the second half of the feature flick Dick stacks and fuck rap [Pos] I had a name for makin paper since paper mache Now my dollar coins join pounds of yen for play While you broke niggaz reach drunk much quicker You don't make enough bread to soak up all your liquor Went from God to God damn [Redman] Damn God, you're killin it Should incorporate it, invest half a mil' in it Rap cats talk with no will in it [Pos] Soundin like they virtual This joint'll hurt you, yo [Dove] Twas the night before Christmas and my crib got robbed (shhh shhh shh, shhhhh) They did a job Took all my goodies out from under the tree, except the CD's of shiny-suit rappers and flossin emcees who fail at takin it to rhyme degrees [Pos] Man, you know no wack poems get no play in our homes You need to not get nappy with me Or else we gon' "relax your mind, let your conscious be free" Chorus Three: Redman Yo, where my Wall Street niggaz, if ya up in the stands Go - oooh, oooh, oooh, oooh! To my women that'll throw they hands against they punk-ass man Go - oooh, oooh, oooh, oooh! Yo, if you never been shot or stabbed Brick City go - oooh, oooh, oooh, oooh! Yo, I gotta catch a cab back to the lab so I can smoke  - oooh, oooh, oooh, oooh! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: De La Soul f/ Pharoahe Monch Album: Art Official Intelligence (Mosaic Thump) Song: Weed #1 - Pharoahe Monch Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [announcer] Hey hip-hoppers, tired of that old trend of ghostwriters? Well here's the newest sensation that's sweepin the nation! {*needle drags*} {*gong sounds*} Ghost weed! Ghost weeeeeeeeeeeeeeed! Hey ballers, ballettes, thugs, chickenheads! Take a listen to how ghost weed  will help you kick it like your favorite rapper Just a couple of hits and.. {*inhales*} it's GANGSTER! Watch how we secretly sabotaged this cypher with ghost weed.. ***** Whatever, nah.. just step back off 	Let me get some I got Pharoahe Monch, I'ma do it 	Yo you gonna fuck that shit up man I got that kid like WHOA, I'm sayin UHH! 	Yo you need to take some more son Yo I take another hit.. {*inhales*} 	(Ghost weeeeeeeeeeeeeeed!) Aoooowwww shiiit.. ahhh.. 	That's that fire shit yo! Yo y'all gonna let me get busy and all that? 	Yo, aight, I wanna.. I wanna hear you rhyme You wanna hear me rhyme? 	You might sound nice cause I'm high now but UHH! Check my ad lib, UHH! 	Yeah, aight word, yeah okay Yeah, I'm ready, drop that beat ***** [Pharoahe Monch] How many niggaz who will actually kill still rhymin? How many niggaz who are actually signed still killin? .. .. and when it comes to killin a mic, they ain't willin and I'm supposed to be shook? That's the shit that kills me Take a bullet for X in the ballroom and then vanish Extinguish the sun when I drew, play pool with the planets Triskadekaphobia lyrics, outlandish My shit straight from the soul, god damnit It's the one time only, vernacular original Spectacular miraculous flow, computer digital I ridicule the pitiful, piss upon the miniscule Pharoahe Monch, better park that ass like municipal ***** 	Yo, you ripped that 	You ripped that shit kid, killed it! 	That was dope, that was dope 	He kinda had that yo, he kinda had that 	Nah man, it did not sound like Pharoahe 	Hey, you need to congratulate 	It was the WEED.. it was the trees 	You need to congratulate, knahmsayin? Ghost weeeeeeeeeeeeeeed! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: De La Soul f/ D.V. Alias Khrist Album: Art Official Intelligence (Mosaic Thump) Song: Thru Ya City Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash 	Ohhh ohh, ohh OHH ohh ohh 	Ohhh ohh, ohh OHH ohh ohh, ohh 	we talkin bout [D.V. Alias Khrist] Hot times, runnin thru ya city If you miss it now it'll sho' be a pity We got - hot times, runnin thru ya city.. {*echoes*} [Pos] I ain't no thug son, my name is Plug Won I drop a certified gem, for him and her Knockin on your radio, like the Crash Crew ask whoever you want - I'm managin the funk on the paper Outside of that we pull capers for days Ridin throughout the maze of street, while we blaze the beat Watchin the sweet things wiggle they butt to Plug Three, on the cut, movin on ya what- -ever ya got, we gon' get, bringin our point, to ya position Rippin stages with my thought coalition Carryin on, eradicate all your stress mode Just another episode through these area codes We bankin on [D.V. Alias Khrist] Hot times, runnin thru ya city If you miss it now it'll sho' be a pity We got - hot times, runnin thru ya city.. {*echoes*} Hmmm.. [Pos] It's the hot-ness, talked about but never seen like the Loch-Ness, til ya cop this; drop it inside your vein,  and like a train, we be runnin throughout your legs and arms You're high off our talent and charm Check the caliber - this be a smash like some food on stage for Gallagher Wear ya bib, cause it's messy Niggaz schemin on my +Girl+ as if my name was +Jesse+ Watch your manners! Now let me pass it off to Dave Banner [Dove] Yo, I set travels like Karen LaRue Small talkin in the big city, it's all about gettin the coins Everywhere I go I touch a tenderloin They sportin a dot com Viet marker bomb on your metro - MARTA order iron horse Yo take the cross and meet a nigga at the butcher I'm cuttin your girl - we on a world tour Supplyin your bloodstream with nothin but the pure uncut, in ya [D.V. Alias Khrist] Hot times, runnin thru ya city If you miss it now it'll sho' be a pity We got - hot times, runnin thru ya city.. mmmm.. 	Freak freak freak freak the funk the funk the funk the funk 	funk freak the freak the freak the freak the freak the freak 	Freak freak the funk freak freak the funk [Dove] We ain't walkin on a yellow brick road These streets stay red and bloody kid Study your code, so you can easily pass I stash a little love when I'm on the visitation If you crossin my line, nigga do the same I' guaranteed to run through and prove the game ain't bigger than the pieces in it You see the pieces in it had me stuck travellin one side of map Clappin hands with rap cats who ain't deserve dap Long hauls and livin out a suitcase man Chickenheads and gangs of fruitcakes man Ain't nuttin better than explorin the outskirts especially when she ain't got no pantyhose on, and it's on [D.V. Alias Khrist] Hot times, runnin thru ya city If you miss it now it'll sho' be a pity We got - hot times, runnin thru ya city.. {*echoes*} Mmmm.. Hot times, runnin thru ya city If you miss it now it'll sho' be a pity We got - hot times, runnin thru ya city.. {*echoes*} Mmhmmhmhmmmhmhmmmmm.. [Pos + Dove going "Ohhh ohh, ohh OHH ohh ohh" every 2 lines] Yo - it's like, the Mercenary gettin down And we got, Dave Banner gettin down And we got, Maseo gettin down And of course, my nigga Eno gettin down And we got, Jay Dee gettin down (say word y'all) And of course, the Slum V gettin down And we got my man Khrist gettin down And we got, Com Sense gettin down And we got, N.D. gettin down You know Troy Hightower gettin down And we got, C. Smith gettin down And my nigga, Dave West gettin down.. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: De La Soul f/ Busta Rhymes Album: Art Official Intelligence (Mosaic Thump) Song: I.C. Y'all Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash 	Yeah! [Busta Rhymes] Ha ha ha-hah ha-hah ha, ha-hah ha-hah ha Ha ha Flipmode y'all, whatchu talkin bout? De La y'all, whatchu talkin bout? Whatchu talkin bout? [Dove] Yo, you gettin stomped by the marching band Keep 'em shook like spray cans (it's so hot) It's so hot it'll make your face tan (ooh!) Ace ban rap, the place the wasteland Bit y'all in my mouth, but you taste bland I feel fake niggaz and mince these snake niggaz that hiss but won't bite - false alarm And if it don't +Rockwild+ we fin' to drop a bomb (Word up) +Strong+ grip on a mic like we +Stretch Arm+ I BEEN shine, you been warned and been torn Get smacked for the B.S. you been on Storm bad weather/whether or not you stay scorned For ten years I've baked shit like hot potato Rhymes still drippin like stu-b's, you groupies need to show I.D. before the bust down Touched down the God put 7 to your Zippo and drop it on you heavy like a hippo (Now you heard that?) Chorus: Busta Rhymes To all my dogs all the way in the back, ready to black I.C. Y'all (see y'all) I.C. Y'all Ladies get down shake yo' ASS around, I hope you know that I.C. Y'all (see y'all) I.C. Y'all To all my soldiers on the corner I.C. Y'all (see y'all) Women doin what they wanna I.C. Y'all To them people gettin pulled over I.C. Y'all (see y'all) I.C. Y'all (see y'all) wouldn't wanna be y'all [Pos] It's the one and only effect, that you catch from a cassette Straight wig out the world and girls we straight dig out ya back with letters spellin out my name All over your marquee, cause the spark is me Currently we can be seen across your screen Stayin wide-eyed cause you niggaz tryin to scheme Welcome to the spot - I'm slaying with it Chop it up and fit it inside your quart of rice You speak ghetto falsetto on the mic device Tryin to give me third degree, you just a third of me Couldn't be the shit if you were a turd of me A man tight with my funds, crush like Ricky D who quoted Vance Wright - no one can serve us! My squad advance heights quite superb Just kick off your shoes - jump on the jock It's been a long time comin this you NEED to cop! Chorus [Busta Rhymes] It goes one (one) two (two) three (three) four (four) Bounce so much I ricochet up off the floor (floor) So raw shit the most raw you ever saw Quarter after four, niggaz quick to bust the back door Baby - open your blouse while I joust another nigga's spouse Quick Jamaican dick style all in they house I practice to be the all access, you see the fact is my mouth dirty, so follow while I display the slackness Yo, you see my slang talk straight from the slums When I was young, moms put soap on my tongue, and yo-yo Forever we gettin this CHEDDAR with the quickness While I cast the spell on these bitches, you can be my eyewitness Short fuse, nowadays Langston Hughes We gettin money with whoever - even the Jews The way we finagle and gain it must be all in my shoes Fuck a nigga up with De La like (?) can amuse Chorus The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: De La Soul Album: Art Official Intelligence (Mosaic Thump) Song: View Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Pos] Yo.. we bout to get it (get it) get it (get it)  get it (get it) get on down (down) down (down) Yo! We bout to get it (get it) get it (get it)  get it (get it) get on down (down) down (down) Yo!  Chorus: Pos We run it, HOT! When we over the drums To the, TOP! Cause the bottom we're from We got the, DROP! On your weekend crew cause you're full-time talkin while we peepin your view [Pos] Rahubat(?), you know my name I run my humbleness with fame God-body, nuttin plain while you claimin shepherd that you heard this you, heard this on day first Watch my man, he'll make it worse Ain't no new click, we still Native [Dove] Clothes knit, stitched tight, related that's the way we handle it Pin us up or mantle it We on fire you candle lit Daydreamin, on a rack Get bought worn and brought back We sport rhyme thought real tight [Pos] to gain sizes much bigger Live life well, get mail filled with checks from sales we deliver [Dove] Spend a little, make a little I want it big like white boy wallets Credit delievered, Fed-Excellent To my dot com, we on the web like Charlotte's Hornet, back her up, she too much on it Your plastic ass'll get swiped past the limit see you the type to get yo' cosmetics smeared on pillows all night Chorus [Pos] while we peepin your view while we, peepin your view We got they eyes on lock Let them flock to your wit while I spit after you [Dove] Look ma, I'm still rhymin Baby boy still providin Breakin bread in four states Makin these struggles get gone Private eyes, I see y'all spyin You watch while I clock Fertilize my brain data Makin accounts grow green like the front lawns [Pos] Yo I may be old school but I'm not no old fool Heard out your mouth words flee bout "These niggaz ain't nice" You just barbershop talkin while we round the world walkin B, you ain't D.M.C. You slip and fall on my ice No lyin, straight shinin I give you supper from my upper diamond You got limbs so climb in [Dove] Yo, soak up what you find-in We too pure for you to try You sniffin maybe's and if's [Pos] And if "if" was a spliff Man we'd all be hiiiiiiiiigh-iiiiiigh.. iiiggghhhhh.. [Dove] .. but it's not, so sober up You flashin out like you paparaz' You'll need to take a liver shot to feel the heat on how we runnin it, YO Chorus 1.75X (minus last line, 2nd time) [Pos] cause you're full time talkin while we, while we while we lettin you know I'm in a certified rhyme meadow for days If you ask Mercenary bout this shit, it pays Hitting Willie Mays style out the park Mastering in this +Art+ that's +Official+ Your ears absorb this like tears, on a tissue cause my thoughts are dollar bill crisp Distinct like E-Double's lisp L.I. alumni, wonder why I got it Got it? Get a piece Got product that you all should own and not lease Some say drummers play synonymous with ill with wordplay, that keep us all paid like a bill We're the parent company You the sub in my D-I-vision You don't know how.. {*words fade out*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: De La Soul f/ Indeed Album: Art Official Intelligence (Mosaic Thump) Song: Set the Mood Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash 	Now check it (sup?) 	Let me set the mood here aight? (yeah aight cool) 	We gonna, set it off with In-dee-dee, dee-dee-dee, -deed 	(Yeah that's right) You know 	La-la-la-la-ladies first and all that 	(That's right ladies first) 	So peep it - you see this girl 	who been poppin MAD shit about you 	So I want you to get into it a little bit 	I want you to cru-cru-cru-crush that ?? flirt [Indeed] I was sittin on my lunchbreak, grittin my teeth It's the last day of the week, man what a relief My arms are sore as hell, I felt rigid and stiff so I turned around and I rolled this big fat spliff That's when I seen her, steppin out a rented yellow Beemer This local ghetto fame rap cat her name was Tina She was braggin she was goin on tour The same shit she was screamin since the year before Ever since the De La Soul video, she seen me on the TV Heard that she was holdin a grudge and tryin to see me Workin underground circuits and mad cyphers of people When she asked who was ill, all she got was Indeed She wanna battle (what?) and it wasn't hard to tell All that I was thinkin bout was tryin to smoke my L I had four hours left and I was tired as hell Plus it was 12:55 almost time for the bell She had an ill screwface mug, frontin like she know Joe Gangsta bitch profile, boppin like allegro Forty-below Timbos, fatigues saggin Pullin all her money out her pocket while she's braggin on her gold fronts with her name on it Her ice finger roll hand g-low while she claim fame on it I peeped the stee' - then I crushed her with ease just for interruptin me while I was rollin my trees 	AIGHT? (Whoo!) 	That shit was bla-bla-bla, bla-blaze! (word) 	Now we gon' se-se-set, se-set this one up 	for my man Mercenary (aight aight yo let's do this) 	(whassup?) Yo, I don't want you to make it like 	a story or nuttin (aight) 	I just want-want, want want-want 	want you to come on some straight rhy-rhy-rhyme 	rhy-rhy, rhy-rhme shit - rip a nigga in his ass! 	And let him know how WE do it, y-y-y'know? [Pos] Now Maseo puff cheeba, while Rich sniff lines David J push the whip while Candy Cal pull dimes And me right behind, with the shorty gettin her math to do the Savion routine and just, tap that ass Still the one who kill wackness, man I left them niggaz crippled Had em all soft to hard back to soft like a nipple My +Art is Official+ while you're art-ificial Break you down to your very last participle Let me enlighten you, cause your third eye's on dim Me gettin taken out is rare like a smile from Rakim See I'm remarkable, you're just bull last name shit, y'all niggaz need to quit Open your mitt, and catch this I autograph every word you bit ??Testify then?? take your picture Got an infinity of non-rhymes to hit ya while your whole clan is bland Understand that you must be smokin POUNDS of weed out of a pipe and mistook your munchies, for bein hungry for the mic And now you have to deal with these cats who's truly real like estates with a pit on the lawn bark at the gates Put the whole entire plate in your face Make the point like who's that on that joint? It's me I'm in everything you see like crayon, yo I'm in demand I'm in the club man I'm in your hand bein bought, I'm even in the thought from your girl The only thing you're in is inactive Your world'll be smashed Run against the Won and you'll be last like that call for alcohol, depletin your cash 	That's how you supposed to get in somebody ass 	y'knowhatmsayin? Know-know-know, know-know, know-know dat! 	Hahahahahaha {*ghost weed skit 2 follows*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: De La Soul f/ Phife Dawg Album: Art Official Intelligence (Mosaic Thump) Song: Weed #2 - Phife Dawg Typed by: brians@compusmart.ab.ca [announcer] Still not convinced about Ghost Weed? Well check this out! ***** Yo I'm sayin...oh yeah, aight, yo, I can do anybody 	(Ghost weeeeeeeeeeeeeeed!) 	Do one of them Tribe niggas Listen, name somebody, I bet you 	Phife....Phife Dawg Yo, I sound just like him... Phife Dawg, watch! Aight, I'm 'bout to do this 	Yo, whatever, just show me aight, just show me I'ma show you something else too but right now I'm 'bout to show you Phife, you heard me? Alright here we go 	You know what just, somebody hit the beat ***** [Phife] L-Y-R to the I-C-S Niggas still fussin' 'bout who be the best When Diggy Dog bounce through I put all that to rest .. .. anyone try test I put two in they chest Quest or no Quest I leave venue's a mess Don't ask me to colab', me and you don't mesh I stay fresh from the fresh, never frontin' or fess In the name of J Christ all mics'll get blessed Peep how I posess flavor, style, finesse Microphones, honeys, two things I caress To all you fake jiggy niggas, still not impressed Queens, I rep' it to the fully, you'd think I own the Mets ***** What, know I'm Phife, Phife nigga, what 	You know how I know you ain't Phife? 	You'da said you own the Knicks or somethin' Listen man I'm sayin', it's sports it's what I'm just doin' I'm sayin', it don't matter, that's not the point 	That shit is wack, impostor yo I sound like Phife The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: De La Soul f/ Chaka Khan Album: Art Official Intelligence (Mosaic Thump) Song: All Good? Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Chaka Khan] Oooh noo-ohhh, noo-ohhh Oooh noo-ohhh, noo-ohhh! Oooh noo-ohhh, noo-ohhh Oooh noo-ohhh, noo-ohhh! Chorus: Chaka Khan (repeat 2X) It ain't all good, and that's the truth Thangs ain't goin like you think they should - it's all on you [Chaka Khan] I don't care about what you think you see the thangs you want to know when you look at me God knows I done been through and paid my dues Can't change how you feel, cause it's - all on you-whoahhha-ohhh-yeah [Dove] I wish that, you could be a little bit more upfront Weigh the situation how you want (right) The lovin that you claim is just a four letter word The third letter's invitin so visualize the verb You curve thoughtways when you're handlin the candleabra so you sittin on the baby grand Transmittin like you're made of man but you paint a funny face like a chick When I see you I'ma tell you quick that uhh.. Chorus 1/2 [Dove] I can't believe we built this large pizza pie together No pepperoni Yeah you wanted extra cheese, sometimes I gave you extras How we divided slices like the Red Sea theory I was Moses hopelessly scorned by your thorn zapora Tried to bring that fairy-tale life, you wanted horror but my microscope couldn't see or cope with that I had to bolt from that, and left you dead in the sea It's better for me, I'm satisfied with reppin for D [Pos] We were certified hot, then dropped to lukewarm Now we back up in the spot, claimin never been gone Niggaz who cut us off, wanna reattach us now (Them girls who brushed us off, say they want some #'s to dial) Yeah I give that ass a number, and some lumber to pile Now catch a curve from my kick (or show me lovin by brick) So stick to the same plan, don't come shakin my hand like we peeps, it ain't beef but be sure to understand Between us, it ain't all.. Chorus [Pos] You see them kids be schemin on what we done copped [Cha] Always out there schemin! [Pos] They steady fiendin for the moment they can get us off the block [Cha] Why they always fiendin? [Pos] Your people might have your back, but you need to watch your front Indeed, ain't nothin guaranteed [Chaka Khan] That's the truth! Things ain't goin like you think they should [Pos] A lot say they wanna walk in my size 10's Aight then; here's a pair Lace 'em up tight then you might feel what was dealt to me You see ain't no young boys up in here; keep a clear head Tryin to keep my pockets on stuffed - like deer heads upon the wall, so all the gall we get from y'all DON'T FAZE So mind your biz and walk away cause I'm never gonna let you up inside my maze [Chaka Khan] I don't care about what you think you see the thangs you want to know when you look at me God knows I done been there and paid my dues I can't change how you feel, cause it's all, on you-whoahhha-ohhhhh Chorus [Chaka Khan ad libs to end] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: De La Soul Album: Art Official Intelligence (Mosaic Thump) Song: Declaration Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash 	Yo, this girl called me.. "Hi Pos! Heard your shit, back in style baby!" 	.. heard the De La, said I'm back in style y'know? 	Heh.. [scratching] 	"You-you-you.. you need to stop" "I declare that only live niggaz rap this year" -> Prodigy "Jam's off the meter yo, this {shit} is hot" -> P. Smith 	"There's always ONE.. (ONE!)" "Amateurs get hung with they own gold chains" -> Rebel INS 	"There it is!!" "I declare that only live niggaz rap this year" -> Prodigy [Pos/Plug Won] The average MC sells terror We nail terror up against the wall for target practice Not one of your top five MC's but I see clearly with ease you lack this Coast to coast, we pop up on your scene like toast playin host to your regiment who rally to boast, but now boast no more They got floored by the sight of my ledger print I came specifically, to fracture yo' ability to grandstand anywhere next to me This is the year, when the true better man keeps the cheddar and writes to his destiny (word!) Timeless episodes of talent got me nominated by the ones who hated me on spittin tighter Salute these "Supa Emcees" for bein clever; and never use the weed as a ghost writer [scratching] "I declare that only live niggaz rap this year" -> Prodigy "Jam's off the meter yo, this {shit} is hot" -> P. Smith "Run a rapper through a maze like a experiment" -> Malik B 	"Yeah, word up!" "I declare that only live niggaz rap this year" -> Prodigy [Pos/Plug Won] Contrary to popular truth, these youth are runnin scared so in one stare they gettin strapped Cash rules NUTTIN from below the belt The dick choose to melt asses where them dollars at? (Where them dollars at?) Musta been bitten by a rabbit Actin silly like that; your pop culture need a diaper change I'm snatchin the mic, like I'm lootin with a whole lot of shootin while you're keepin out of sniper range Your aim's to please, my aim's to freeze you dead center in your tracks with your hands high Ain't no tricks, we set it to fire like Hendrix All the hard rocks at liquor spots All over the scene, makin it messy so we make a clean getaway to a better day Can't say the same, for them cats who left the game cause they couldn't claim the better pay This ain't no masquerade so the mass parade of people need to stop frontin There's truly a few makin them hits while us, we got our mitts closed cause you on the field buntin Make it to third bass, but never reach home The word is, your whereabouts is unknown While we're that point of view, that you never really knew with the stitch to keep the cut sewn (De La!) [scratching] "I declare that only live niggaz rap this year" -> Prodigy "Jam's off the meter yo, this {shit} is hot" -> P. Smith .. 	ROCK A BYE BABY!! ON THE TREE TOP!! 	WHEN THE WIND BLOWS!! THE CRADLE WILL ROCK!! 	ROCK!! RO.. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: De La Soul f/ Beastie Boys (Ad Rock, Mike D) Album: Art Official Intelligence (Mosaic Thump) Song: Squat! Typed by: sniperdame@hotmail.com, OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash 	"Turn that shit off man! What's wrong with you man? 	You know we got a party man, get the other record!" (Here we go..) ".. (Let it go!) Just one more time!" -> from "Stix N Stonz" [Mike D] It's the M-I-K, E ohh to the D I'm comin exquisite and V.I.P. Tryin to spread some love like roots on a tree Stayin true to this vision in the Y2G [Dove] Two G's got em scratchin it like the fleas And Ad Rock got it locked like a crooked cop [Ad Rock] Noooooowww; it's Ad Rock, y'all remember me The guy ya bit ya style from off the TV [Pos] I score Mmmma-Zah-Ayy's all day, my essays are felt worldwide We like four planets on the mic Aligned arrays retired all in the days Game (baby-baby) too blam for these lames [Ad Rock] When I was nine, I played with slime Got rhymes ga-lot, got rhymes ga-limes I got a million like rhymes leavin ya stung I got my own crew called the nasal tongue! [Dove] Yo take a few of these b-boys and call me in the mornin (okay) Keep it on the crusty eye, bagel with some butterflies Spit gritty like we in MCA's voice box Y'all bull and my ox don't fit the mix (Disc jock!) It be some classic material kid (Disc jock!) Got the calm cats blowin their lid (Disc jock!) You get plush off the rack 	and buy plenty or more we got em by the stack (Disc jock!) Got us walkin all over the world 	for all the fly fellas and all the fly girls (Disc jock!) You can't get enough when we servin this [repeat 8X] Come on - SQUAT! [Pos] Now we'd like, to introduce to you, Ad Rock [Ad Rock] Ad Rock in the house you don't stop! It's the B-E-A-S-T-I-E B-O-Y-S with the most finesse Don't mean to be crude, don't mean to be crass But listen Guiliani you can kiss my ass (what?) You heard my word, now Dove you play the preacher Get on the mic if you love all the creatures [Dove] Well yeah I got these fishes swimmin round my baracuda Back in '82 I used to ride a street scooter Called em cuter than pigtails, sales you keep em level, and smack you with a shovel and break your lifestyle (owww!) Firm on the mic since my days of a child Got a "License +TOO+ Ill" to flash to police The only beast I huddles with the Beastie Boys Bringin "Noise" like P.E. to your TV [Pos] Aiyyo this beat's barefoot and knock-kneed Stripped to the rhyme! And every line made from scratch Attached like stripes to shell-toes Thin spools that hold the herb Mike what's the word? (WORD!) [Mike D] It's like the ooh-la-la, ooh-ooh-la-la Rhymin over old breaks like the Mardis Gras Party people cross and bump they go ooh and they ahh And Mike D and Ad Rock down with the De La (Disc jock!) Get the people dancin for real (Disc jock!) Theater (jock!) holdin mass appeal (Disc jock!) You can't get enough STILL 	so here's another dose for you to feel! 	Put ya body in it! [repeat 8X] Come on - SQUAT! [Mike D] I'm feelin good, damn good, but also confused This stuff from hip-hop that's bein misused It's desirin, acquirin, tryin to be like Iverson if it means backstabbin and also conspirin [all together] Nowwww, the people in the front - you do the bump bump The people in the back - they're not the whack whack The people in the middle - come on and wiggle wiggle And the people on the side - we can all take a ride! [Dove] In my VW I done swung an ep' or two The rear in my hatchback y'all know I scratched that Here to haystack, keep it rosy in the Rolls Skiddin out to place my vote at the polls for Ad Rock [Ad Rock] Well I'm the the toe tapper, yes the hand clapper From the middle school like the educated rapper I'm known as an occupational MC You think I lose sleep if you sleep on me?! [Pos] Its the rock solid, pilot, here to fly (ROCK!) Reachin elevations too far for the eye (EYE!) Miraculous beats over breaks in these packages Seen (all over the globe) and all the types who thinks our joints is aight, here's a swab for ya ear (to clean out ya lobe) and listen to a few views from two crews spittin for the art of it We ain't takin over but damn sure takin part of it [Dove] Started it ever since we minced meat You Sloppy Joe's went and took a bit of the corn dog Stay there! I'ma play there (cuz they pay there) In the big old Santa Claus bag got discs and now we out [Beastie Boys] Signin off, signin off, our work is done So come on party people.. Have (have) have (have) have FUNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN! ".. (Let it go!) Just one more time!" -> from "Stix N Stonz" The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: De La Soul f/ Busy Bee Album: Art Official Intelligence (Mosaic Thump) Song: Words From the Chief Rocker Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Busy Bee] That's right, I'm dancin y'all I'm gon' keep on dancin into the new millenium Ya understand what I'm sayin? Hey De La Soul, Beastie Boys I love the way y'all doin this baby Y'all just gotta keep kickin it because the kids don't know, the other people don't know but they all gon' know now because me the Chief Rocker Busy Bee gon' just keep kickin flava babyyy! Ah like this Just dance, and don't quit cause the music is gonna be the shit I just dance, and don't quit cause the music is gonna be the shit And now once upon a time in the place to be They was standin in line to see the Busy Bee When I pulled up to the curb in my ninety-eight I rushed inside so I won't be late You know the party was packed, where you couldn't even move And Busy Bee rocked, to the funky funky grooves To the beat that makes you want to freak Ah to the beat that gets rump out your seat Ah to the beat that makes you say Busy Bee, Busy Bee is in the house, ha HAH!! I like the way this is goin down man Ahh this is just too much We just gotta keep doin this Because this is how we do it No static, no automatics This is just how we just gon' keep kickin this flavor baby.. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: De La Soul Album: Art Official Intelligence (Mosaic Thump) Song: With Me Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro/Chorus: *sung*] Dance with me, come on dance - with me baby Dance with me, come on dance - with me baby Dance with me, come on dance - with me baby Dance with me, come on dance - with me baby (repeat 2X) [Dove] How you gon' tell me to mind my own biz when you lookin like somethin I need to know about? I used to go about it the wrong way, tuggin your arm when you'd pass But I see you got class besides all that Yeah I'm picky in my own way too While the rest of these fools is lookin to screw your brains out I blamed that on why I stand froze Practicin my hello's, hey lady, how you doin? Renewin these vows is like fifty steps beyond from here Shit I don't even know your name yet (word) Ain't sure what your character contains yet But damn lady, you could be my Valentine Cupid got his infrared on my chest clocked Let the rest flock, they just birds anyway I grow my confidence in words the Henny way - yeah, buy me a drink so we can sink into that thought path.. [Pos] Now you know you ain't right, eyein me up all night despite the fact some kid is runnin chitta-chat in your ear How the hell we get here, with me over here, and you over there when we can make, such an obvious pair? Why miss? Have you misread my shyness for conceit? I'm peepin how you move it to the pace of the beat Got my eyes on wide as they constantly collide with yours Your heavenly body rushin the tide to shore Your heavenly body rushin these guys to the floor to find pleasure in your double digit design,  but these clowns look hurt And as a woman's ex-nigga I'm a woman ex-pert Understandin how the ovaries and all that shit work Extremely dreamy, my eyes you look surprised that I'm movin closer - don't be, I'm supposed to D.C. Are you for real or a tease? [Dove] Now let that drink set in sweet, we up close and personal Ain't nuttin dull about this, sharp like Swiss precision (Caught you watch-in) my every move from the door Teran escortin us to V.I.P., we live in D.C. Shoestring dress I wanna fuck and make your hair look a mess Suckin the straw huh? You know the head game First place chick girl I'm all about winnin too I want my trophy life-sized in a see through [Pos] This ain't your average, whip on your battered bridge drivin song, your partner isn't your type So I type it long with that ink that won't budge or smudge off your memory; courtesy of SkyTel My mail, pop up like some bubbles found on VH-1 Also need the math to your tele ph-one Not the old man in the club who needs his dub to get rubbed but sound the buzzer, I'm comin to sub [Chorus] - 1.25X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: De La Soul f/ Black Thought Album: Art Official Intelligence (Mosaic Thump) Song: Weed #3 - Black Thought Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [announcer] And you thought ghost weed was only for the thugs? Hey hoe! (What?) Yeaaaaah you hoe! (Oh yeah me true true) You can be down too! ***** Yo yo, whatever to that I got this Thought shit right here yo, Black Thought I got that shit DOWN PAT Check hold on hold on let me hit that {*inhales*} 	(Ghost weeeeeeeeeeeeeeed!) Got that Thought shit yo, yo bust it bust it Bout to freak that shit ***** [Black Thought] Check me out yo, yo, check it out Uhh, as we descend upon the city of schemes See the image fadin into view from a black screen A frail grandmother pack a heavy mac-teen We fiend slash machines in the struggle and things .. .. bloody denim scuff knuckle and things Sucker-punchin fake rappers forcin me to take it to the extreme Oh you real son well whattayou mean? How you real when you hustlin dreams? How you feel like you fuckin with me? Now burn the 5th Militia flame-thrower The mic soldier, takin things over You're not sober, consider thinking things over, relax We bout to spit it all over the track, yo ***** 	What can't have any girl doin Black Thought (Ghost weeeeeeeeeeeeeeed!) Don't even listen to him, don't sweat it 	Word yo! [Announcer] Ghost weed, it's not like WOW, it's like WHOA! [Disclaimer] Ghost weed has been brought to you by Whack Tobacc' incorporated A subsidiary of move your ass products Remember when using ghost weed be sure to apply the puff-puff-pass or brain damage may occur Results of our product do not include platinum plaques Void were prohibited The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: De La Soul Album: Art Official Intelligence (Mosaic Thump) Song: Copa (Cabanga) Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash 	Ladies and gentlemen! 	We got De La up in the house tonight 	They just walked up in here 	We gon' see if they can come up here 	and do a lil' somethin for us [Dove] Yo, it's star-studded in here I'm on the moon like the first man First can I grab is gon' get it She all independent but want her throat wetted Tight from the floor to height See I saw the night, in dream bubbles I fiend to see double so I sip until my bladder bust You in V.I.P., so why you mad at us? (Word) By-stand, I'm in the world fox-trottin gettin my Fred Astaire on, follow my lead girl Chorus: repeat 2X - (uh-huh only 2nd repeat) Me and you come over, we do it like the cha-cha, just like we at the Cop-a, Ca-bang-a (uh-huh) [Pos] For all my niggaz runnin around like the mothership landed Or is it because there's some others who handed their daughters over to the night life Yes we tryin to find a night wife to get wit Interface with they whole clique, I force the draft I get the first pick, run this easily ?? rule like D, Joey and Jay Around the way, we're goin but first tell all these women who ain't knowin Chorus 2X [Pos] Yo.. I talk no shame upon this I got aim all on this to shoot and score the trout who's actin all cute and out of position while I'm wishin to get her bottom limbs arched like a grasshopper Puttin in work to make it last proper Ninety percent of the time is on my mindframe So I'm game to reign up to par while my fam runs it cool up at the bar, I stay clearheaded Lettuce enough cheese to get shredded We like Navy Seals lookin for the gold Our natural appeal got them others on hold Them girls dealin with us tonight Came with the large appetite and got served Got nerve to think less, you can bless me and my kinfolk Rushin up against my yolk-sac promote that pimp play upon how we get it on for real! Chorus [Dove] You see you hopeless up in the spot Talkin a lot of champagne taste holdin 40 ounce pockets Switch the sprocket to gear to top of the year We gon' drop it like confetti on it, get ready on it Her fast ass wanna get all Andretti on it Makin my main man Poke like Trakmasterz Blazin-trail, we Portland to Nor-ton "Honeymoon" flicks don't exist in this I sip a little left to twist spines together Vertical hold, we gon' combine together (yeah) Even if we spill the love we got compliments up at the front door Just tell em Dullah sent ya Thirty minute Tae*Bo shit's how I bench ya All on a Saturday night, step to life I love the way Sally walk Bow legged in a two piece steel, we live in New York We live in New York Chorus 1.5X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: De La Soul Album: Art Official Intelligence (Mosaic Thump) Song: Foolin' Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash 	Who you foolin.. only foolin (2X) [Dove] Yo, I stay cousin to this, introducing Mr. Dave Banner Scannin proper with my sight muscle This rap shit, is just my night hustle My J-O's to stay fearin of my G-O-D Whether what may, meet me at the front door See the pressure got a nigga knockin shit off his desk Cause of the stress I stack words make cats bruise they neck tissue Stay pertinent to the issues Cut your tag too close, display these verses tight, virtuals sort of like we supposed to, pantyhose raps you run Stay (?) like black folks some (?) mostly fakin it, to make it [Pos] I play low-key til it's time for you to know me Stir my lime with light, drink it down slowly Holy shit! Now look what I get A whole string of party people wanna run in my mix In my world they wanna fit like melanin in a tit Jam tight, they ain't my fam alright? They ain't my people Them niggaz screamin fam til they rank measure equal then vote, without leavin a note, and that was all she wrote Arranged produced my slang's obtuse but some distort, tellin stories like Mother-the-Goose My true fam's is David J back since with Vince Mason We'll draw on three, leave that body for the tracin Ultimate high, like them drugs you be lacin Coulda stood next to me, at the top of the key but you had to play gutter, didn't want to climb Now you find yourself talked about in my rhyme [Dove] While you fools claim corners, we gon' claim theories Y'all some stickball niggaz, we the World Series Been here, just pleadin the same case ever since we spaced about "3 Feet" Pinchin your ears, inchin for years but you still stuck at the mezzanine and we at the penthouse level with the same old rugs same old tubs, same old tables and same faults Same crew and the same old train of thought Chorus: De La Soul My guess you need to head West (who you foolin) Thought we'd fall for your phonyness you're (only foolin) yourself, thought you were down - it takes more than a smile and a couple of pounds to be crew Man you bound to get your tail caught (who you foolin) Spreadin yourself thin see you're (only foolin) yourself, thinkin all you need is the wealth You need to peep your whole circle out [Pos] Yo, since Jam Master Jay been rockin without a band and that sister k.d. lang been sexin without a man we brought our ultimate plan to birth Put in work for this game, it's not a game to me We've been furnished the props Now we out to furnish properties we own That's right (so) cats might know we ain't home My throne's threatened by fiends, try to do dirt Play Tony Randall - have that ass cleaned [Dove] Unveiled I see your exhibition, y'all need to cover that Fatherless styles, y'all really need to mother that Same expose, different page but when you see me in it it's the same old Dave [Pos] Y'all silly, you're just a civili', I'm a soldier Troopin in this path til the death won us over So if life is a party begin, to understand just like the DJ, we stayin to the end Chorus: De La Soul How you think you gon' get away? (who you foolin) Changin faces on the regular you're (only foolin) yourself, big top status, paintin your face Who you think you really gonna fool huh? We watch, what we got so (who you foolin) around on my premises you're (only foolin) you, into thinkin you can break in too my place, and not have to face, our position 	Who you foolin.. only foolin The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: De La Soul Album: Art Official Intelligence (Mosaic Thump) Song: The Art of Getting Jumped Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash I WAS.. [Pos] .. on my way, to the disco You know the club, Maseo was rockin rub that night Midnight to four, name at the door but the whole crew I can get in as well So I got on my cell, called my nigga C. Smith Let this be a jam that we need not miss "Yeah I'm already en route," no doubt Might even jump up on the mic to make sure that this party's turned out And we some punctual types, on time, look for the line to stand we find girls screamin the blues Miscellaneous shoes everywhere "Yo Mase, what happened here?" ("Go Brooklyn!") Yo Brooklyn, y'all know the rules Bump ?? people and out come the tools Ain't been a fair fight since the creation of crews and that's why them dudes hearts all pumped Done closed the club down, cause one of they niggaz got jumped 	** Jump, jump, jump to it! ** Uh-huh, you heard the hook No matter you Braveheart or shook You can catch a bottle from the right, tap to the left Kicks to the mids relievin you of breath I seen it done sloppy, seen it organized Some saw it comin and for others it was SURPRISE Catch a swollen eye and blood loss, courtesy of the 	** Jump, jump, jump to it! ** 	** Jump, jump, jump to it! ** [Dove] Yo! When they put the contracts out, bats and chairs included Chicks can get into it - 'specially pretty broads My New York City dawgs seem to master the art When you hear the ("WHOO!") that's when the bullshit'll start It only takes a second less you got on ice Just for wearin your chain in they club, they'll beat you twice Served with fried rice, you get a can of whoop ass My only advice is don't fall and book ass For the nigga who slip, don't fall in a position where your lip'll catch a hickie (girl they'll fuck your mascara) Shoot, go and ask Tara, just for havin good hair man they left her ass cute, pulled it dead out the roots (ARRRGH!!) It's never one or two of 'em, they headin out in troops Timbos, hoodies loose over jumpsuits Waitin for the first vic to disrespect Catch a double-dutch rope around your neck in the midst of the 	** Jump, jump, jump to it! ** 	** Jump, jump, jump to it! ** 	** Jump, jump, jump to it! ** 	** Jump, jump, jump to it! ** [Pos] It's schematically plotted out to break hearts and bodies and ya best believe we came to party Don't cause trouble but still can find double the crew against you and your peeps and leap-like-frogs on ya for reasons like - not in the right part of town actin like you wore a crown Some occasions long and mean to earn the right to throw signs wearin only one color scheme And bein positive is no exclusion That's an illusion - you can still catch contusions for flossin your hard-earned shine I'm talkin games ?? ?? the longest then it's some other niggaz time You'll get beat out of your mind just for rage Shit my black ass almost got pulled off stage Just for holdin it down on the mic, you could be talkin, "Black people unite," and still catch a lump from the 	** Jump, jump, jump to it! ** 	** Jump, jump, jump to it! ** 	** Jump, jump, jump to it! ** 	** Jump, jump, jump to it! ** [Maseo] Yo, it's this joint, called the art of getting jumped We had to put this one on the album y'know? Yeah - this is dedicated  to them punk motherfuckers out in Germany That Turkish gang that jumped me up in the fuckin club Tried to knock me senseless They just couldn't get me though That's why I second round outside on 'em Pull out some fuckin guns - punk bastards and that's why my ass was hidin under the bridge (HAHAHAHA) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: De La Soul f/ Freddie Foxxx Album: Art Official Intelligence (Mosaic Thump) Song: U Don't Wanna B.D.S.  Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Hahahahahahahahaha! [Freddie Foxxx] HA! Check it out! It's Bumpy Knuckles baby, also known as Freddie Foxxx That's right, and I came to check my niggaz De La Soul See y'all niggaz don't really wanna bust dat shit huh Yaknahmsayin? So I'ma show you niggaz the super-laser-gamma-ultra-killa-nigga special You niggaz ain't no killers You motherfuckers ain't gonna hurt nobody nigga You better keep rhymin nigga 'fore I smack the shit outta you you little fuckin sissy You niggaz ain't real; that's right It's De La Soul baby, and Bumpy motherfuckin Knuckles baby Alright, c'mon on! [Maseo (?)] Check my stats, entire - apparat' Even from the days when I had to roll strapped Wonderin if I gotta go back to that Zest to rub records from rap and kick facts to tracks and stack, one (?) got kayed Yeah some got paid, some waved in the fades Fact of the matter my style will never fade Managin to keep it all A-grade So you can stay nourish and flourish with the truth (??) (??) some niggaz I know If I need a mayday Bust some fuckin niggaz tryin to play me cra-zay Causin interruptions to my big pay-day Playin with them guns make them fuckin lea-ry but if it's clear-ly Merely and surely and, how it's gotta be I got some thorough niggaz that's ridin me So witcha bullshit I'm not buyin it B Don't come around thinkin you can try it with me Cause uhh.. Chorus: repeat 2X You don't wanna bust dat shit (uh-uhh) You don't wanna bust dat shit (no no) You don't wanna bust dat shit (uh-uhh) You don't wanna bust dat shit (no no!) You don't wanna bust dat shit (uh-uhh!) You don't wanna bust dat shit (NO NO!) You don't wanna bust dat shit (UH-UHH!) You don't wanna bust dat shit!! [Maseo (?)] Shick shick, CLIK-A-CLIK This is where my people headin at Innocent people are carryin gats Now what the fuck is all that? Is it cause times is live like a wire gettin shock treated by the crossfire Ha-siyahh, burn bare well prepared to make my decision for my livin I ain't the one +Robin+ I'm the one +Given+ Hip-Hop driven, and willin to die for it When Scott LaRock died man I cried and shit Then some cats got rich callin a woman a bitch but ain't no woman like the one I got and if you call her a bitch well you might get (*BLAM*) And I know the feelings is mutual It's uncivilized and unsuitable Crips and bloods are recruitable Chorus [Freddie Foxxx] Ha ha, yeah you get the motherfuckin point, HUH? You niggaz get the motherfuckin point, HUH? That's right so while you niggaz is sittin up in central booking Crying like bitches, HUH? I'm in the motherfuckin holdin block waitin for your sweet pussy punk ass And I'ma whoop the shit out of you for gettin on a fuckin record, actin like you a fuckin killer I'ma show you niggaz what a motherfuckin killer's all about, HUH? You niggaz ain't no motherfucking gangsters You don't wanna bust that motherfuckin shit punk I'll punch your whole chest cavity out faggot You ain't no real nigga, nigga I'll smack the shit out of you cause you ain't a fuckin live nigga You sittin in central booking, cryin like a bitch Waitin for your father, to come bail you out and Freddie Foxxx don't play that shit nigga That's right, Bumpy Knuckles motherfucker And if you don't know, now you motherfuckin know And yo De La, check it out - it's your motherfuckin man And if any one of them niggaz get sidewindin with you nigga let me know, and I will send them niggaz hot ones like I'm a motherfuckin Mexican - feel me on that one HUH? Cause them niggaz know me nigga Believe me nigga they know me The motherfuckin troublemaker, that's right And De La Soul, is rollin with Bump' Knux' nigga So WHAT?!?!! Tell me, WHAT?!?!?! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: De La Soul Album: AOI * Bionix Song: Bionix Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash -- Welcome to the second installment.. Y'all know my name so we ain't gotta get into alla that Y'all know the deal This is AOI part two, and we call this one "Bionix" (Bionix) And as y'all always know, we gon' hit y'all with that De La shit Yeah.. yeah.. Uh (better) yea (better, stronger) Yea (better, stronger, faster) Yea.. [Dave] Ladies and gentlemen, we in the trench again Makin it relevant, just for the hell of it I'm introducin it, throw a little juice in it Got on that old bullshit to get you used to it It's been a minute now, only a minute now A little re-evaluatin, hope you feel me now I'm on some new me, focused on the new tree Tryin to shake the money off the limbs so I can do me I blame the fans for it, I heard demands for it Went to Somalia, they holdin out they hands for it Went to the hood, these niggaz tried to trace a dance for it Dancefloor it after Mase brings you out of the break -- Before we go any further we wanna send a special thanks To all those folks out there that been supportin De La since '89 Now that's a long time Overseas, city to city, state to state Yeah, we gon' keep bringin it live to you.. [Pos] Unlike these underground MC's who rock for heads We include the throat chest arms and legs No need to spit in the cypher to show you I'm a lifer for rap I cultivate moves larger than that And I don't ball too much, ya dig I gotta ball and chain at my crib who want my ass home My heart-BEAT N.Y.C. metronome But can't adapt to where I'm at And even though I sing it sick 'til I'm blue, I'm not a crip So unlike non-GANG members I won't C-walk to look hip But if I had to join a gang I think I'd join GangStarr Me, Guru and Primo with them beats for the car that bounce trampoline style, revamp the deen child Hot and mild and I hustle rap the same Cuff a little shit, due to muscle fat, I gain We them God type dishin the grunge to make you love -- Yeah kids Just a little taste how we gon' get things started in a minute Sit back, get your headphones straight Whether you're ridin in a Escalade or a Pinto son, turn that shit up Oh remember AOI part three comin soon, on some DJ shit Yeah - we about to get this shit poppin.. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: De La Soul f/ Devin the Dude, E. Yummy Bingham Album: AOI: Bionix Song: Baby Phat Typed by: bootleg210@msn.com Phat Phat, uh Ain't nothing wrong with big broads Phat Phat [Posdnuos] It's a sure bet When I stare into your dark browns I get Overwhelmed, overjoyed, overstep My bounds, on your touchy subject Your weight, your shape's not what I date It's you, my crew don't mind it thick (Uh-uh) Every woman ain't a video chick (Nah) Or runway model anorexic  I love what I can hold and grab on So if you burn it off then keep the flab on We gonna stay gettin our collab on (Oww) Girl we gonna stay gettin our collab on (Ooh, ooh) We gonna stay gettin our collab on [Chorus: Devin the Dude] Don't stuck on the things they say, now you know it's a nasty world Tryin to get with ya anyway cause I know you're a nasty girl We ain't never gon' discriminate so let me compliment your size  Oooh oohh oooooooh oooooh [E. Yummy Bingham] Yeah it's nothin but a litte baby, phat phat  It's nothing but a little baby, phat phat It's nothing but a little baby, phat phat  It's nothing but a little baby, phat phat Yeah it's nothin but a litte baby, phat phat [Posdnuos] Claim you outta shape, you not outta place (Uh-uh) You keep it natural with no powdered face Without exercise you got the eye Starin you down, make me wonder why You women wanna frown at them stick figures On them little ass girls, when a clique of niggas Run up and try to hurl game for real Your frame holds appeal in the everyday World, and conceal is not the way To go, I'm tellin you I had to let Ya know, ya need to let it all hang [Dove] Don't be scared to show a little of that thang thang No matter how you weigh it girl, it's feminine  Kinda body everybody wanna know (Yea yea) Be the private dancer in my Luke show (C'mon girl) Skip the salad girl, bring us both a menu Eat the whole box of chocolates I send you (Heh) See girl, ya more than just an apple in my Eye/I, confess I wanna get up in ya Thighs, the rest'll tell you all the things.. [Chorus 1x] [Dove] I love it when y'all broads wear it skintight (Skintight) Make the big panties look like little panties (Heh) Tryin to lose that bottom girl you been right I saw who make ya cookies I should go and thank ya granny (Uh-huh) Don't mind you being conscious of ya calories If gettin paper was fat man you'd be salaries You ain't in this alone I got a tummy too Just lemme watch the weight don't let it trouble you (C'mere girl) Nine ten specimen up in ya jeans You buy the size seven and just make it fit Slim Fast, lypo, and body creams I pray you won't endorse, I got a candle lit [Chorus 2x] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: De La Soul Album: AOI * Bionix Song: Simply Typed by: MoThug2001@yahoo.com * * send corrections to the typist Fear through time, is left behind, when we simply, havin A wonderful time, a beautiful time, leave the troubles you find at home Take some time, and ease your mind, when we simply, havin A wonderful time, a beautiful time, leave the troubles you find at home [Dave] Hey, yo last day of spring first day of the heat (heat) I'm calling out my troops so ya'll best retreat (treat) Tryin' to win the eyes off of Little Bo Peep While I'm pushin' Big Bird up Seaseme Street (street) After one nut I'm goin' straight to sleep (sleep) If it ain't a love affair, its just a late night creep (creep) Use Colgate when I'm brushing my teeth (teeth) Favorite MC's Gregg Nice and Smooth B (B) Keep it old school like "Where's the beef?" and If you ain't from an era then you up shit's creek (creek) First B-side is freedom of speak If you don't speak, well I ain't losin' no sleep. See me on the cover of your Double X-L (L) Takin' a holiday at the hotel (tel) Fans keep sending me back the fan mail Heavyweights keep it on th grand scale, when we doin' it. Chorus (Crowd Cheering and Clapping) [Pos] Hey, yo, The sky swallowed the sun spitted out the moon and stars Puttin' out shiners that gave the cause ArmorAll-ed down, the downtown activity I'm bout to have fun without the problems that live with me Not tryin' to be posh, but lets stay out the mosh pit Tonight keep my nose out of trouble Everybody in my bubble's been breifed: NO BEEF, JUST PARTY! Of course your gonna have some clown niggaz try to take us off course Always lower levels tryin' to bring out the devil in us Not condoned but its known That a party ain't a party if the thugs don't try to shut it down! Tight security and its still soft Can't offset the thirty or plus caught in the rush Keep the door sealed Cause the floor's filled with action and we don't need any distractions tonight ya'll. [Dave] introduce me to your madaam ?Mauzel? I'm Tarzan and she's my gazelle I live at Biggs and say its notorius Travel through minds, emotions and euphorias Glorius (echo) as I get great (echo) Still kinda smooth like way back in my oldschool tapes I bring it pronto Rep the BX like Billy Blanco (Crowd cheering and clapping) [Pos] Treat your troubles like colds Sweat it out, get it out So we can get in the right mode Let it out No need to pull on the throttle If I could bottle this love I wouldn't hesitate Get it straight Wonder why I can medicate the soul While takin' its toll Just for Simply (Simply!) Havin'(Havin'!) The right record that could bring in the pull And this must be the right run ya'll Cause the dancefloor's full CUZ! Chorus to fade (Cheering, Clapping, Horns) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: De La Soul Album: AOI * Bionix Song: Simply Havin Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Pos] As we go clubbin Me and my peoples we be lookin and we buggin off these ladies talkin bout no dancefloor rubbin 'til we supply 'em with at least two to three mixed drinks from the bar They must be out they mind, them rookies get dismissed Cause it ain't hard to find, the ladies that can move it to the latest bassline, attached to the drum that'll set it off and make the local DJ a star But can I get a boost from the bass and the treble? This record ain't for soothin but for raisin blood levels We simply havin fun but know that some don't like the music That it promotes rappin, and global gun-clappin But still promoters packin in the clubs where I'm at Plus everywhere I go so just realize the fact That we won't be denied that respect you try to hide Shit this ain't rock'n'roll - {"cause the rap is in control" -> Q-Tip} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: De La Soul f/ Cee-Lo Album: AOI * Bionix Song: Held Down Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Cee-Lo] Allow me.. to break it down.. ah yea yea yea yea yeahh.. Life.. {*humming*} [Pos] This is dedicated to all my folks Diagnosed with a bad case of that proper upbringin And never took the time to fall in line or follow or swallow the thoughts Of the recognized committees who lurk throughout ya cities Ya hood, ya town, no matter which type You from the same type of people try to hold you down Just because you tailor made for bigger and better things Never missed a chance to move ahead of things And what does it bring? I tell you for me it brought jealousy in back wounds from all the stabbin Cats posin as my fan just to get grabbin what's mine I'm livin in times where my daughters are found around kids who can't afford thinkin caps But always found drinkin raps and eatin off beats Claimin laws of the streets - but who made the laws? Everybody playin +Rebel+ with no sign of a +Cause+ [Chorus: Cee-Lo] Well I, feel the world around me I've found, that others, will bring you down, just to be down You've got to make up your mind, where you wanna be Where you wanna go with your life With your life.. [Pos] Yo, I'm never singin the blues but findin the clues to maintain And I been blessed to reign supreme over nearly every dream I had, and I made it come true I'm an imperfect man and I'm holdin the clue to perfection, it doesn't seem to matter what direction I look I find people settin traps Tryin to find the goal - without havin any maps Even friends of mine, jumped on line, just to become my adversary They felt they were entitled to the dairy I made They don't come to chill or behave And they got, toast ready to burn Not learnin to live, but they yearnin to take what you earn [Chorus: Cee-Lo] Well I, feel the world around me I've found, that others, will bring you down, just to be down You see - you've got to make up your mind, where you wanna be And where you wanna go with your life With your life.. [Pos] So quick to place blame.. and deny the shame we bring upon ourselves So many names held accountable for my own account When a large amount was weight - that I made and shaped When I climbed I found It was hard to find others around to point my fingers at Which made me realize the truth The biggest supressor could be your own ego lookin for an excuse to plant roots, in a field of self-sorrow to sprout and follow the first thing you feel Nourishes your hunger to be respected, it gets hectic And when I'm watchin the news, and my daughter walks in and choose to ask, "Why were all those people on the floor sleepin, covered in red?" I told her that they were lookin for God, but found religion instead [Chorus: Cee-Lo] Well I, feel the world around me I've found, that others, will bring you down; just to be down You see, you've got to make up yo' mind, where you wanna be And where you wanna go with yo' life With your life, with your life.. {*Cee-Lo harmonizes and ad libs with choir*} [Cee-Lo] I need my SPAAAACE, to live.. Well I, feel the world around me I've found, that others, will bring you down; just to be down You see, you've got to make up yo' mind, where you wanna be And where you wanna go with yo' life With your life, with your life.. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: De La Soul f/ Pariquo Fernandez Album: AOI: Bionix Song: Watch Out Typed by: compbuttons@hotmail.com 1- * Speaking Spanish *  WATCH OUT!  * Speaking Spanish *  WATCH OUT!  * Speaking Spanish *  WATCH OUT!  * Speaking Spanish* [Verse 1] Get up and do the biz, our style is the wild Hit you with a spell whether Jew or gen-tile When you enterin' the realm You find me at the helm Still standin' like abandoned buildings In the southern part of BX, can old school it like a T-Rex Ya well advanced connect dance with thoughts Deep like Barry White's throat box I bet you those cops mix Double high tower my power grants me the chicks The blows the cars and enemies that wanna spar You wanna see it no matter who you are Yeah I'm bound to ground you like that Put they ass on a mound and introduce em' to a baseball Face tall, brag about it like teenage sex Text book characters gettin' etched out to rough draft Rush Limbaugh autograph her left titty New Yor, New York yeah we bigger than the buildings Do it for the love of the art and the childrens And throw paper machet inside of ya models See we all throttles, we zip by in this drive Allergic to ya sperm broke hives Concerned about ya ;ife when ya down eight lives Top of the night I'm up in queens like ah yeah [Repeat 1] [Verse 2] Introducin' introducin' to you Dave Batter on deck, carded every time I set foot in the joint Cabaret artist I'll two piece ya tray If she wanna get vamped, bring her to the tent Touch her till her back indents Wrap it extra strength Run a lap on her calculatin' the length Holdin' mics tighter than hymens Old school it like Holly-Hobby, Head-to-Head, Easy Bake Oven Strong Jerome lovin' man I hit the pack Panther power keep it all relative to the sixties Bill Bixby green, ATM money Got my pockets lookin' like I'm rockin' Popeye jeans Classic like Reuben and Rah One nigga under the groove we shootin' for that Parliament high Plus bigger than the fourth of July Take the back seat drive out Hey yo, hey yo ain't nothin' street about me more like a light post Sinin' above all who are y'all to boast Stayed calm and all came to me to host My vocab grabs many, long to cultivate raps It's gettin' filled moms jack penny It used to be unknown around the way Now my bix became a bouqet Every nose in it, fillin' up seats like a session in a Senate Been a minute since ya heard the souls So the soul gon' cost ya three All ya people wanna front like the soul don't hold control But it don't mean shit to me Plain to see that a song like this been what ya all missed Come on, genuine adrenaline from off the wrists We run the interference throughout the game clout Can't be denied the bout for the title Throw up ya guns and hold the pose like an idol Bring it back to the draw Ghosts of grand wiz Theodore Played dirty with ever since played on the floor Stop verbal assaults just in case a war break out Steal vaults bigger than giraffes But they still got a lot for me Heard em' say alot of nigga with the underground They'd die for the underground but ain't makin' no money Stupid The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: De La Soul Album: AOI: Bionix Song: Special Typed by: compbuttons@hotmail.com It's gotta be you, it's gotta be right No time for games, it's gotta be tight I just want this to be special, special If it's gonna be you, it's gotta be right No time for games in my life I just want this to be special, special [Verse 1] This is like the third time ya said you was through I'm beggin' ya back, we loud in the parking lot causin' a scene Campaignin' like the love ain't have no resident here Still I stay all in the cabin Although I know we've seen enough of good days and dirt You cut me just to nurse me back but damn I'd understand it You gave ya all and I just gave it up Put the truck in ya name Damn ya should've known I was liability Ignorin' the ways you would dress for a nigga Express to a nigga I heard jibber and jabber My apologies I left the wrong man to conduct Take these jewels for the inconvience and neglect You expect the worst of it But I realize that I owe you more than explaination I got my life in a box, what I'm supposin' is a joint account It's cash on it, let's take our lil' business and incorporate it It's me and you girl [Verse 2] First of all love, your soul caller Before me helped create and shape your distorted image See every man don't play or even scrimmage That's a lie but I'm try to be that only one You look to, to make you smile First you need to check my files Understand I play the partners sterotypical man An regret the pain I may have left to flame My people say "Yo that's a fine girl ya mess with" But I told em' we havin' a mess Ya charm must have calluses from the grip That it has on my heart that I ain't tryin' to rip But by now we both should know That it's no longer where ya at but where we tryin' to go So do ya background checks so I can pass through these borders And stamp my name on a lil' man or a daughter Come on girl [Chorus to end] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: De La Soul f/ Philly Black Album: AOI: Bionix Song: The Sauce Typed by: compbuttons@hotmail.com Nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah Hold that, hold that, hold that Yo all that, all that tryin' Y'all, I told y'all about tryin' Tryin' is later on man Can we try something for the ladies Can we try something for the ladies Can we do that De La Let's get that goin' on man Told y'all about those messages and shit man We get to that later man, know what I mean Let's just do something for the ladies man Let's get a chorus goin' on or something Let's pop a chorus off, ya know what I mean Let's do that right now, let's get that goin' on Let's try that out I see you real niggas do fake things sometimes One of them is grabbin' on his mic to rhymes So let us demonstrate the right way ya need to place Yo, it's De La up in ya face Better yet ya whole scene, here to pull in the green With Philly Black Just layin' back, raisin' my stacks Cause how they want it I give it to em' rock or the raw Yo it really don't matter son, some hot shit for y'all To go cop at the store, I spit, kick at ya jaw Leave you on the floor on all fours, you slaw We burn fast in black flag lands Bringin' herds and caravans And heat rock rythms, you blink one, two times In between I do mines Showboat refs, I put y'all niggas on deck Yeah son y'all faggots are soft I been through, carried the torch Recognized and done married a dwarf So in-laws pay a writer's fee My stizzy sets a wiz bitch's eye in me Pissy in a rizzy Indian wife I flip em' behind reachin' for sobriety Blew north, never find me Reside in this state of mind Keep my temple developmental Projects, front-line essential Reminded of concubines and evil that men do Cut off Ginsu, carry a brand new Vandle issues, brandin' issues Grabbin' tissues, like you didn't know you had it in you I live it up y'all, givin' you what y'all Need and can't call, carry the ball Like a spit-kicker should and ya wish ya could Hold it down like the digital who stitched the hood Better yet the whole globe, light it up like a strobe While you froze panicin' Went from man to maniquin We them peaceful rap stars That can still jab ya in ya face Leave ya shit redder than Mars The sauce and shit, of course we it The flossy shit Groundin' beef like Maxwell House Go ask the house We representatives Go call ya Senators Change laws in rap, renovate ya landscape The man takes for sixteen And pull a paragraph up out the tango Hangin' like vango Water broke flows to c-sec You read xecs Miscarried the rap, abortin' ya whole fort The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: De La Soul f/ Glenn Lewis Album: AOI: Bionix Song: Am I Worth You? Typed by: compbuttons@hotmail.com Ooh, ooh, ooh Yeah, yeah Yeah, yeah Ooh, ooh yeah [Verse 1] It's a pity that you're so dirty Worthy of some Southern hos-pital See we them Northern boys with nose and hows NYC livin' ain't nothin' like it See how me and my peeps fit, we jigsaw Sometimes I play big saw to cut the deal And we keepin' them bills paid with meals in the mouths of many A noble job at Feni Money ain't everything but everything makes me want it But won't dishonor my name so the claim throwers Act like game on the dice on the mic device Stay above middle class for life Not an easy task but I've grown to love it Dub it to tape, why don't you whip a grin While I speak to my mens about the world problems And girl problems with no immediate way to solve em' But I'm on hits I make the best of the life I be with it Making the most of the moment among the livin' And it feels good Being the man that I want to be Do what I can cause I refuse to see The best of luxury, God's been good to me Now I'm asking am I worthy of you, of you Am I worthy of you [Verse 2] Pull them quarters down I got some things on these nine ounces to vamp Me on a mission y'all Dug fresh dirt out the ground Lookin' for the treasures in life A bambino picket fence around the residence I wore these shackels here for thirteen years But the only real slaves is the ones we record on We off all checks and God's blessin' Tryin' to own a thousand island like we salad dressin' Patience for the main course Don't have me in position to remain boss Cause the man next to the man above the exec Don't give a damn if I papered yet Sometimes it make me wanna go make a bet I did away with knock em' and release some stress By any means, these petty greens will only get me stuck in a box Doin' a dick shot in Oz, jerkin' off in the J But anyway I keep my head on [Verse 3] I know people who tippy-toe through they own stompin' ground Master not makin' a sound to stay safe From the local star renaissance And the response is usually the same Wishin' like it used to be Nothin' in that life is new to me We roll like eyes on a ghetto girl Brushin' off some no-man cause she's his ghetto pearl We into livin' beyond not livin' fads Me and my comrads became dads young Try to have fun amongst responsibility Like fillin' these accounts full Got caught up at a party in Bull's Sometimes gotta have the nerve to say some rhymes Because some minds take offense Try to make ya life tense but we still here Still gainin' the love, still standin' above most [Chorus to end] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: De La Soul f/ Shell Council Album: AOI: Bionix Song: Pawn Star Typed by: compbuttons@hotmail.com [Male Announcer] The following explicit content in this song by "Pawn Star" Are not necessarily the views expressed by De La Soul But they understand [Female Announcer] Execute porn star NOW!!! 1 - [* People having sex *] [* People talking *] Pawn star.....Pawn star [Shell Council] Check it, pussy got me wide open, writin' the love notes Butt naked, strippin' out of her trenchcoat Got me hittin' high notes, pitchin' a deep throat Bitch be suckin' niggas car door [Dave] Yo, I broke my piggy bank just to see that pussy stank Smelly in Africa then Africa, whoa [Shell Council] I know like you know when you spendin' them hundred dollar notes We box triangles all angles [Dave] Yo, throw her on the table Shell [Shell Council] No, I tie her with a phone cable [* Phone rings *] Bound her by her wrists and ankles I bust right off Pun and Abel [Dave] Yo, actin' like we're kidnappers stabbin' the mouth with two dicks Take a couple of new flicks [Shell Council] Click...click give up the money bitch Had her backin' it up, smackin' it up Yo, we fucked till the sun came up [Hook: with 1 in background] Pawn star, hey there special lady do what you do Cause I don't care what they say to you See you're my pawn star You're beautiful to me in every little way A very special lady, pawn star Rather doggy style than missionary You very, very...very, very...very beautiful pawn star You're a superstar to me and you came into my life pawn star Many years ago you made me feel so good You knew that when no one understood Cause you're my pawn star Haey, hey, hey, hey uh And you could never be my wife, trick [Shell Council] Yo I reign supreme, champion back off Shorty's a five start porner Turn tricks, wants some dick inside her Work the spread eagle like National Enquirer Pussy lips grips the neck of Coke bottles And turn style will have you nibblin' on a nickel All of a sudden out came the shackel Shell ain't go no problem with You can be my... [Hook with 1 in background] Pawn star...pawn star...pawn star...pawn star The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: De La Soul f/ Slick Rick Album: AOI: Bionix Song: What We Do (For Love) Typed by: William.Elder@tufts.edu [Slick Rick talking with "kids"] Kid 1 - I'm tired Kid 2 - Me too Kid 1 - Uncle Ricky SR - Hmmm? Kid 1 - Could you tell us a bedtime story, like you used to? SR - Look, don't y'all think y'all too old for that now? Kids - No SR - Listen, I got an adult question for y'all since y'all like...11 now. Y'all ever get horny? Kid 1 - Uncle Ricky! SR - Now I don't mean to sound perverted, but do you ever have like sexual urges? Kids - No! SR - No? Well you will, so sit your behind down and listen to Uncle Ricky...and De La...tell y'all a grown up story Kids - Okay [Dove] I remember when Mama spoke of the birds and The east side kept me off the curb and Betsy Ross was sufferin from the scaredy cat Till my man Ricky brought the remedy for that [Slick Rick] I massage your mane, coat Then part your leg's rope And stroke so hard you'll start to smell smoke [Posdnuos] Ain't gotta drug problem but a love problem But then again that may be one in the same I claim possession Pull the girl among the eighth like Charlie Heston Ride off on the horse and show no remorse [Slick Rick] She look niiice Honey oriental, brown eyes Want friiiies? Chicken, vegetable, fried rice And I'm tryin to [get] you to go Fast subtraction, grab some "Oh don't stop nasty black man" [Dove] Man that action had me coughin up cars, keys, and cash Just to sniff a fat rabbit I would give my very last [Chorus (Slick Rick)] (When nature calls) You know them boys will come runnin (When nature calls) You know them girls don't mind comin (When nature calls) You know them boys will come runnin (When nature calls) You know them girls don't mind comin Just to get it started, for startin something Is what we do to get some lovin What we do to get some lovin This what we do for love (do for love) This what we do for love (for love) This what we do for love [Dove] You ain't lyin, I I 9-5 it, more like 12-12 Can't get the thought off (sex) From off my mental shelf [Slick Rick] I'm like Bruce Lee Beatin up the cootchie profusely My tomboy chicks that act a little to butchy Recieve this (uh) When my semen ceases They'll be screamin out, "We love bein the female species" [Phone dialing] Hello? Veronica, it's Dove. Uh, I think you got the wrong number What? Veronica, your baby's crying. Yo, chill Baby? Whatever yo, later. [Dove] For the past two summers I been sizin up Veronica Southern belle, I heard she blow notes like a harmonica Yamacas couldn't satisfy her spendin fetishes She was all about gettin the head like she was lettuces [Posdnuos] Yah, them types be actin like they ain't sleazy [Slick Rick] Like this uptown chick playin opposite of easy Delighted, the honey fly difficult, couldn't knife it Tiiight Seen the imprint on honey's private Now she's love sick Ruler Rick scoress agaaaaain [Posdnuos] Sex present itself like trophies I'm out to win And it's easier to claim with the fame I've obtained Her mommy was a liar, she's so ashamed [Slick Rick] Well, I got this rude boy Jamaican honey at the rest home Complete with yellow hair and Cinderella dress on Whatever Been around, stuck her till she poppin bout "Hey take your blood clot finger off me bottom" Anyway, another dime I met one time I'm kiiind, chick in the world, butt fine And her, structure pumpin, told her Gotcha mumblin bout "Slow down, what you tryin to rupture somethin?" [Posdnuos] I don't bug out, I chill Never copped a feel But these pretty ass girls come and flaunt in the grill Big ass eyes, with the matchin big ass thighs Asked her if she spare a moment to exchange some lies "But you got a girlfriend" [Slick Rick] Yah trick, so do you And I heard there's no preference in what gender ya do [Posdnuos] So stop playin so squeaky clean And let the dirty side see me later So we can play 'away from the navy' [Dove] So stuck on the love you rearranging behaviors Second episode, and you returnin oral favors Buyin up groceries Searchin for hosiery Holdin hands publicy And now you supposed to be Mr. and Mrs. huh, lovin and kisses huh? But while you away is when the milkman'll visit her Dear to the heart, we dearly depart the fallen So skip the games ma, I stay tuned to the calling [Chorus x 3] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: De La Soul f/ B-Real Album: AOI: Bionix Song: Peer Pressure Typed by: compbuttons@hotmail.com Uh uh uh Everywhere I go (What happens) People ask me (What, what) Yo dealer, you smoke weed (No doubt) And I just tell em' YEAH! Two weeks later, they smokin' weed That's what I'm talkin' about I ain't here to tell you not to smoke weed Everybody get high I'm here to apply the pressure You, you, you and you You and you (Especially you) Come down to the den I got some shit that'll blow ya mind [Hook: B-Real] Come here my peer, let me apply the pressure, the pressure Come here my peer, let me apply the pressure, the pressure [Dave] Yo, what up my nigga (Yeah, what up with your world) Ain't shit, just got off the cell with this girl (So far) Yeah B you know what we about to do (What the hey) Come on nigga puff it too, yeah right [B-Real] Honey draws bees like dookie draws flies Just like the weed draws me to get high Now I'm not tryin' to bend ya arm I just want you to take a hit off the bong That's all (Just one hit man) [Pos] Come on cool it, I'm not foolish Quit pullin' my leg baitin' me like cob My name ain't Craig and I ain't lost my job Don't mind be odd from out the bunch And y'all cornerin' me ain't stoppin' me from doin' it (If puffin' so bad, why everybody doin' it) Man everybody doin' it (Yo come take a puff, style is real) [B-Real] Let it take ya whole style and feed it (Go ahead with that man) [Hook] [B-Real] I got the funk to blow ya mind (Blow ya mind) I got some shit to blow ya mind (Blow ya mind, blow ya mind) I got the funk to blow ya mind (Blow ya mind) I got some shit to blow ya mind (Blow ya mind, blow ya mind) [Dave] Come on Y'all are actin' like this shit is supposed to raise me to the clouds [B-Real] Shit the clips we smokin' on would make Bob Marley proud And he was one of the illest [Dave] Shit one of the illest ever (He smoked mad trees and still remained clever I guess ya right [B-Real] Ain't no need to guess, put it to the test Ask ya questions alphabetically [Pos] OK, hypothetically if I do take a hit Do I necessarily have to be tastin' your spit I mean shit I ain't shared a straw since the fourth grade [B-Real] But don't chu' know chick like to smoke and get laid Don't be a dunce it ain't gonna hurt you once Quit bein' a punk Go ahead and hit the fuckin' blunt [Dave] But will it take a long time to recover (Depends on the brother or sis who's puffin') Hey stop that bluffin' like you givin' a survey And let us serve the hay And get yo mind alligned to the ways [B-Real] Of the master [Pos] Man I seen a cast a spell To many brain cells and sane cells A lead to fulfill wants and needs I heard it's like a gateway to doin' more than weed [B-Real] Man I love my relationship, I'm no quitter Mary Jane's my first love and I'ma stick with her [Pos] And when I feel paranoid [Dave] All ya questions is void unless ya try Come on man for once get high [B-Real] I got the shit to blow ya mind (Blow ya mind) I got the shit to blow ya mind (Blow ya mind, blow ya mind) I got some shit to blow ya mind (Blow ya mind, blow ya mind) [B-Real] Hey you don't gotta do anything ya don't wanna It's not gonna change you or ruin your persona [Pos] Yeah but what if I can't stop Shit I ain't with bein' no addict (Cut that shit out) [B-Real] Man, please tell him to stop bein' so dramatic Just take a hit and let the weed do the trick [Pos] But will this make me sick [B-Real] Come on, quit actin' like a bitch I can blaze the weed and you can make excuses Now ya gonna smell the smoke my greenest weed produces You'd probably like the smell too, ya probably wouldn't admit it You'd probably wanna hit too (Come on man quit it) Ya clearly in denial (Yo this shit ain't my style) How do you know come on, let us give you a trial Let's put chu' at ease with these trees Power to heal, put cha' mind at peace Yeah, increase the level of the highness My miss express accumulatin' through ya blindness (Come on man hit this shit) [Hook] [B-Real] I got the shit to blow ya mind (Blow ya mind) I got the shit to blow ya mind (Blow ya mind, blow ya mind) I got some shit to blow ya mind (Blow ya mind, blow ya mind) Let me say something Just started smokin' (Please don't smoke too much) But uh to all my smokers (Smoke it up) Yeah, let's get em' Apply pressure, apply the pressure Apply pressure, let's get em' y'all Apply pressure The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: De La Soul Album: AOI * Bionix Song: Trying People Typed by: nan_kings@yahoo.com [intro: A friend's voicemail to Dave] Dave, whattup man? It's me Umm.. just callin to see, if possible, if you have any time today or within the next couple of days If, if, you're in the studio.. or if you're at home.. or car, whatever That song.. that.. it's called trying or something, Mase was tellin me that I needed to hear? He said it was amazing Whoo.. the way he was talkin.. man I wanna hear it! [Dave] Am I just another lost in the pack? We for shack ship, you know laugh it off Years just blow by My eyes stay fixed but the picture's kinda outta focus I cry a lot but admit to it Enjoyin life now but I've been through it Sometimes I wish that I can go back No bills no kids just getting tore back I want a wife, I love women How could I front like I don't be in love wit em? A li'l man that I can teach A li'l sand but not the beach I figure excess'll only bring an excessive amount of fussin So when I'm gone, make sure the head stone reads, "He did it for us" I'm like your modern day Jesus I cherish warm thoughts like a gray goose And float soft kisses to my baby (yo ain't that Dave's little girl?) Yeah, respect her for that She gon be somebody Instead of somebody-baby-mama You see young minds are now made of armor I'm tryin to pop a hole in your Yankee cap Absorb me The skies over your head aint safe no more And Hip Hop aint your own And if it is then you fuckin up the crib son You make life look like I don't wanna live one You might as well hold your breath until you die in a corner somewhere bent over in the crevice This God Theory overcomes the worst of weathers As long as you willin to try, you on a good start homie .. you on a good start.. see nigga tryin [Chorus: Dave & Children] [Dave] People are you ready? [Children] Yes we're ready! Are you really ready? We wanna be ready! Ready for the change that may approach you? Yes! Follow down the path that you supposed to? Yes! People are you ready? Yes we're ready!  Are you really ready to try? We wanna try harder! You know mistakes are trials that we learn from? Yes! I order to live life, you must earn one? Yes! People are you ready? [Pos] Throughout my change to grow, Some of my people got left behind They didn't listen for the gun, as I leaped from off the line Thirteen years deep in this marathon I'm runnin Paid dues and still got bills to pay When I came back around the way Old friends gave me dead eyes and fake smiles, half wide We were supposed to rid the world of danger These days we nod heads and small talk like polite strangers It's natural to fall off, just land close to the tree I'll be there if they need me to be and I know all my local shorties cuz they all know who I am and latey wanna flip grammar instead of grams  Like that's the only choice they got They tell me how they gonna shake up the game but came to me to see if I could give em guidance for change Shit y'all, I need guidance myself and I chisel right words to make gems Got fans around the world, but my girl's no one of em And my relationship's a big question Cuz my career's a clear hindrance to her progression Said she needs a man and our kids need a father I'm not at all ready to hear her say don't bother And break And this I know I can't take but uhh C. Smith said to hold on My brother Luck said to hold on My nigga Dave said to hold on My nigga Mase said to hold on Yo, Maseo, we need to hold on Eh, yo, y'all we need to hold on [Chorus: Pos & Children] [Pos] People are you ready? [Children] Yes we're ready! Well, what you wanna be? We wanna be ready! Do you wanna lose hate for love? Yes! Do you wanna see these gates above? Yes! I said people are you ready? Yes we're ready! But are you willing to try? We wanna try harder! Do you really wanna carry some weight? Yes! Are you ready to design your fate? Yes! Yo, people are you ready? Yes we're ready! Well what you wanna be? We wanna be ready!.. [outro: AOI computer honey] Operation complete. Preparing for.. Installment three The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: De La Soul Album: The Grind Date Song: The Future Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [1:24 long intro saying "we are the future" repeatedly] [Intro: sampled vocals] We are singing, you this message Through our music, reaching for a, brave and brighter new tomorrow, is the future We must make it, safe and happy, for the children Or... or... they will be lost Or... or... they will be lost [Pos] Aiyyo I jump back, put the aim on my shot It's mandatory, handle glory over with the rock I'm not a rough guy but a tough guy to beat over drums No son to this, I'm a rhyme bastard Some mastered the art of cash, but not the part that lasts and disappear after doin two albums We're not your normal team and we still do ours to fit hope inside this, don't define it's quits for those who oppose the new Playin they've outgrown rap like a size 5 shoe Oh they all neo now, alternative touch were surprised, no demise for us We on the rise to bust big, how you fig' we couldn't Never run out of verbs for you to sip, I told you we wouldn't I never popped Crist' or pop this, girl named Chrissie was the first, which made it even worse not to miss me [sampled vocals] Or... or... they will be lost (the future) Or... or... they will be lost (the future) [Dave] So do you understand it now? Well try standin over seven box sets, reppin sixteen years This rap career ain't work, it's the life in-between bedtime 'til the next said time and date Know the name and salute them dudes Put the nutrient in rap when they cook them foods Gotta be like eighteen million heads served Shit, imagine if there wasn't no us huh? So I'd like to take the time to shout out the JB's Next on my list is A Tribe Called Quest Latifah my Queen, Monie Love, Dres and Mr. Lawnge Chi-Ali, hold your head God bless Never ring chasin, the permanent tat in this rap shit, y'all are just temporary lick-ons Fadin in the days to come While the name De La and the legacy built lives on [sampled vocals] We are singing (sing it out now) you this message (sendin you a message y'all) Through our music (through the music) reaching for a, brave and brighter new tomorrow (another day y'all) is the future (it's the future) (it's the future) We must make it (we gotta make it) safe and happy, for the children (for the children) You little brats The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: De La Soul Album: The Grind Date Song: Verbal Clap Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash "You out there? Louder!  Well clap your hands to what he's doing  On tempo Jack" [Posdonus] NYC gave you the ball, so how you gonna hate us? We creators of them East coast stars If you ask me I'll tell you there's no comp But I'm still humble, even though I will crumble halls Some call 'em songs, I call 'em words from me that take long to cook So some feel free in sayin that we don't hunger for beats Not that we not hungry, just picky in what we eat Keep food off the mind and keep weight off the body All you gotta do is keep my name out your mouth And stop frownin like you hostile You know that it's a booger rubbin up against your nostril Nigga how you figure you can play this rap game without the backbone? It's Maseo, Dave, Wonder Why, givin what you lack holmes [Dave] Aiyyo prepare yo'self for the Neutron, bitch! This is eighty-six, let that neo-rap go We present these flares to put fire to your ears to lay smoke like rusty exhaust pipes We run mics, let Sean run the marathon Yo raise that money son, we raisin these kids Get claps when curtains close, stage left Up your stamina baby, bring some breath SAT book smart, part ese Loc'in like Tone, street niggaz get grown Acquire more couth before you get poofed Or get some shells sent over to your mic booth Excuse, my delivery, but when peace don't work see this piece gon' work, cock aim and SHOOT! It's my constitutional right to bear arms Arms and bare hands on mics, make fans unite Woodstock and white folks involved Black man get on yo' job! "Well clap your hands to what he's doing  On tempo Jack" [Chorus 2X: De La Soul] Let's go beat for beat, and rhymes for rhymes (put, all, the things aside) Just bring your beats, and bring your rhymes (put, all, the things aside) [Posdonus] The heavyweight L.I. brother with no date, of expiration On this fate on the mic, them birthday keep comin I'm hated on by niggaz I love most So what threat could you possibly pose when I'm on your coast? So raise your guns or your glasses Either way there'll be a toast in the air Markin the return of bare minimums you need to learn Get your verbs right when you down to clap [Dave] See that gun powder calibre rap'll tip hats like gentlemen do Smash tenements and skyscrapers Bow-tie papers stacked high Pay the resident tax or get your street sweeped Front row, backstage or the cheap seats I +Dodge+ richochets like +Ram+ trucks, you slow poke to pull it And I sup-pose you wanna top the Billboard chart Man I toast these rhymes and then pop like Pop-Tarts "Well clap your hands to what he's doing" The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: De La Soul f/ Yummy Album: The Grind Date Song: Much More Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash  "And what we have is much more than they can see" {*scratched: "ladies and gentlemen" - "here we go again"*} [DJ Premier] No doubt, y'all care anymore, about this hip-hop man? I mean, how far will you punk motherfuckers go for 15 seconds of fame? Microwave popcorn-ass niggaz Yeah, we give you much more, longevity baby Aiyyo Dave [Dave] Yo! It's been instilled in me since infinite y'all Usin these minutes like I value the call Put your money in the bank, and hold rank over friends who ain't got leadership skills I got the sheep in my eyes so I can't sleep We like the, land and laid, the brand old way Grand operate the scandal way, L.I. sheist I play the X-Box instead of fuckin with dice I hate losin to those who walk away with my dough cause I dozed, Tracy broke me And now she wanna see the resident provokin me to pop wheelies on my bicycle, watch her eyes twinkle One house, two houses, third house House rules so house take bank, watch Dave bank Banner had 'em on the hawk since Atlanta extravaganza Gamma ray rap I make the Hulk snap Jump back like James Brown, hey now When the liquor over we smokin the hay now Delegatin numero dos, I holla out the sound of los And keep the Island close to me [Chorus: Yummy] Much more is what we got in store Just believe me  "And what we have is much more than they can see" Much more than they can see is how it'll always be, believe me (gotta believe)  "And what we have is much more than they can see" [Posdonus] I got verb skills, babies and bills, brothers who smoke krills and still tryin to get himself together from it Knowin he can't quite run it like me I'm on the cutting edge of what's alleged to be, hot And when you rock, it's just impersonations of me The rightest MC, MP with the V in the middle I belittle your plan, courtesy, of NY dirty C my man My base of fans are made up of many; with kids allergic to belts lettin they mind melt from drinkin the Henny And them straight and narrow types who be waitin to hear them drums say the revolution is near - are you listening? Are your eardrums open for christening? We God Body MC's with these tools While some others play God, they just God damn fools with it I don't cuff mics, I rough mics up rough and rugged Get the girls to love it Still and all five-oh came to my mic check Tellin me I left lacerations around my mic's neck Domestically disputed and you just might get the undisputed underdog servin y'all threat [Chorus] - 4X w/ ad libs  "And what we have is much more than they can see"  "And what we have is much more than they can see.." The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: De La Soul Album: The Grind Date Song: Shopping Bags (She Got From You) Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash (We not goin to JC Penney's, we not goin to Macy's either) [Chorus: Daniel Wallace] Shopping bags they weigh down her arm Popping tags and collars her charm All them things she got, she got from you All them things she got, she got from you Manolo and Prada's her style Louis, Burberry by the pile All them things she got, she got from you All them things she got, she got from you [Posdonus] Yo she know you come to do it, so what'cha want Candelight might flick at'cha Put your credit card to it, she know what to flaunt Her handle tight like a master She used to taunt on the runway, yeah she's down to tree The avenue like her catwalk Struck a bit to the gunplay, that housing street looks to die for, ask that chalk man for yo' hand Spend it, you live to show All the cash that you can burn What you need is to end it, cause you give the dough But get no ass back in return {*HA, HA HA*} Stay laughin, straight at you dog Best believe, you wastin time Don't deny what's happenin, just clear the fog And achieve you a peace line, yo it goes like [Chorus] - 1/2 [Daniel Wallace] She got from you, she, sh-she, she got it She got from you, she, sh-sh, sh-she got it [Dave] Her frame goes beyond thick, she got you stunned Livin it up off the pop hits Like a dame on a Bond flick, she's not the one To give it up 'til you cop shit Just because she's stacked right, she got your soul Her every wish you now obey You should be on that actright, but she got control She say jump you scream, "OKAY! I'M RELOADED!" Nigga you shootin blanks Tryin to front like you got game Her crib is sugar coated, like she lootin banks But it's your wallet she done claimed When the limit of your plastic, reaches the end You start payin for your time She'll be in it for the last bit, of money to spend {*HA, HA HA*} And you'll be left with dimes While she fillin up [Daniel Wallace] She got from you, she, sh-she, she got it She got from you, she, sh-sh, sh-she got it {*ad libs and chickenheads to fade*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: De La Soul Album: The Grind Date Song: The Grind Date Typed by: Jevff@netscape.net if the meek shall inherit the earth and not the weak let me inherit the street, fuck it you know what I mean? I mean I love life man, you know what I mean life is beautiful, it's just the shit in it that's fucked up it's rough but it's fair people gotta go out there and bust they, bust they ass for a job I mean, my dad's got five kids, man and I mean yo he hates drivin' a bus but he loves five kids you feel me? I'm a rhyme artist out here tryin' to grind my hardest up early so to milk the cow keep my john deere out here plowin' the fields to keep my john hancock's worth up in the now went from hangin' on blocks to hangin' on charts positions is parta my mission to hangin' on top gotta get your polly cracker or with them crackers and them scheisty ass niggaz if you like it or not I've been rewired to work more efficiently in the dirt I'm hands on with it all up in my cuticles some try to get off the farm but fell into harm of gettin in the game of those street pharmaceuticals but, I was raised in those blue collar themes havin' white collar dreams cause I see what it means and though the meek shall inherit the earth but don't forget the poor are the ones who inherit the debt you can bet I got better things to do than that I was a dick who got jerked by Tom and his boys came on my land, seized my cattle, and catalog as if it wouldn't leave me less than coy but I'm far from bitter even farther from quittin' got a grind date to make, no time for sittin' and playin' xbox, stand up and exercise my rights as of by seen of through masta's eye it's the grind date know what I'm sayin? I'm sick of askin' that I mean, the street philosophy is that I'm gonna milk the cow and cook the meat at least I'm gonna have some kind of food and drink because sometimes you can't come back like momma said that if you need 5 cents don't ask for 3 ask for 10, that's for sure Yo fuck a rhyme artist, I ain't here for that I was born with the boom bap, respect the name my hands on experience was hands on my first contract taught me quick how to respect the game introduced to the block, got used to the block but your neighbors be the ones who throw shit on your lawn it's like every single time we pop, they got annoyed but we got ahead, and we got along and puttin' work on the calendars, worse on them calendars worth of hump days that broke the camel's back the grind'll make today look gray and paint a tainted picture of tomorrows in enamel black meet the rhyme, street grind, son whatever the beast I'm a take it at the horns till the pinky toe torn and show you why we here this long cause when it comes to puttin' in work once again it's on I'm just like everybody else man an average nigga with above average potential you know what I mean? I'm not sayin' that I'm a gentleman I'm sayin that I know how to act like a gentleman in order to get the things that I need and if I gotta pull out my nickle bag, I'm gonna do that This ain't no accident, we stayin' here You damn right I am proud of myself man and I'm proud of my team man I don't want you to get the wrong, yo baby on the real? I don't have sex with people I do business with neither and that's the real but I do do business with people that I have sex with so if there ain't no conflict, let's get this grind on cause I'm gonna fuck the shit outta you, that's word The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: De La Soul f/ Spike Lee Album: The Grind Date Song: Church Typed by: people_equal_lovely@hotmail.com [Spoken Intro - Spike Lee] Peace - this is Spike Lee A.k.a. Shelton Jackson Lee A.k.a. loving husband and father of Tonya and Satchel and Jackson I'm here with De La Soul A.k.a. De La, a.k.a. The Plugs We're about to get in this song, "Church" A.k.a. "It's Reality"! [Verse 1] Aiyyo, wake up! Wipe the sleep from ya eyecracks It's time to focus y'all, fix ya I-MAX In other words, listen to the brother's words Ingest these anecdotes with HOPE and ya ass, may learn how to COPE It's not always good just to get by Who's coverin' ya stakes when ya bet high? You're cha-sin', cars, clothes and rocks Identify with the goods you got Make sure it's V-S-One, not and perfect, leavin' you one clear I really don't care to see ya tattoos there I'd rather see you graduate the school year Black folk, go put a book in ya face But first give the hook a taste Bring the preacher in! [Hook] Heal! Heal, y'all! We comin' healin'! {It's real!} It's real! {It's real!} It's real! It's realer than real, realer than real Heal! Heal, y'all! We comin' healin'! {It's real!} It's real! {It's real!} It's real! It's realer than real, realer than real [Verse 2] It's a sick world that we live in, let some tell it Some put it in books, some yell it You need to make your own choice, be your own voice Set ya soap-box up, let your talk fight Pull ya socks up, get ya walk right Or the chalk might outline ya one day You oughta try steppin' outside you one day You circle round yourself like you the answer To the question of your inner son But keep ya falsehoods to a minimum (minimum *echoes*) We all need a little church A life update, keyword - update If they don't serve change, don't bite the bait Instead'a givin' you a share, servin' you a dish I lead you to the water, show you how to fish Ain't nothin' wrong makin' that bread wid'it But don't let the bread get to ya head, geddit? Admit it, when you can't stand alone I wanna stand up, give all the pretend up And get a full blast of my demands of the rhyme runner said the man's come There's something in our words that reveal (reveal *echoes*) Sho 'nough real! [Hook] Heal y'all! We come to heal! So let it heal you!{It's real!} It's real! {It's real!} It's real! It's realer than real, realer than real Heal y'all! We gonna heal it! So let it heal! {It's real!} It's real! {It's real!} So real! It's realer than real, for real, for real [Verse 3] The early bird gets the worm in this rotten apple But explore deep and you will the find the seed Plant more ether, get your mind free We roll passsionate, put your lights last in it You're holdin fear too close, unfasten it! And like old age invades youth Invade falseness with truth Replace rebelling with rebirth Face new dwelling, that's your turf Lean back and put your feet up on the sofa Relax! (Relax! *echoes*) learn how to punch back And do your work to the max The payoff's much sweeter than the payback Even the haysack needle wouldn't play that So let's pray at, church (church *echoes*) [Hook] Heal! Heal, y'all! We comin' healin'! {It's real!} It's real! {It's real!} It's real! It's realer than real, realer than real Heal y'all! We comin' healin'! So let it heal! {It's real!} It's real! {It's real!} It's real! It's realer than real, realer than real [Backing Singers] - (Repeat until beat fades) Realityyyyyyy! Realityyyyyyy-eeeeeeeeeee-reeeeaaall! *harmonizing and clapping to fade* [Spoken outro] You know what I mean? Rap outsold crack You know, so rap....or hip-hop culture however you wanna dice it, you know what I'm sayin' it's the most powerful drug there is, man it changed corporate America, it changed the way you feel about me it change the way I, I do my thing now Busta was the one who came out, on the award show and said that hip-hop provides jobs for people who don't even love the shit I mean, come one man, I mean what else is there to say?! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: De La Soul f/ Carl Thomas Album: The Grind Date Song: It's Like That Typed by: cheeky_fellar@hotmail.com [Dave] It's like, New York without a New York yanks Better yet, New York without the New York franks It's like hot summers without no A.C Or never hitting numbers when you go to A.C It's like six years of your life, go ask Rob I'm like "Yo how is it?" he like "It's like hard" Trying for that queen but you nothing but a man You wanna keep it clean but you can't Why it gotta be, like, that And what the life, see life is like a J shot Shooters son, they got One point one second, you half court I'm feeling the adrenaline like you half court Like pink slips and dipping these ink tips to paper Imagine if we fuck around and lose Hip-hop Imagine if it didn't exist Imagine nothing shining your wrist See, imagining to you is a risk But think about it, like no chrome rims And tims would be construction boots (ill) We probably wouldn't even substitute (ill) For words we use defining our likes I'm coal mining these mics To keep that gold nugget like Dave Megget Giant like a motherfucker, like Dave said it But ya ain't listening, ya paper gon' stack Why it gotta be like that? That, dadadat, dadat, dadat, dadat, dadat, dadat, dadat, dat Dat, dadadat, dadat, dat, dadadat, dadadat, dat, dat, dadat, dadat [Chorus: Carl Thomas] Just running, running, fast as I can I'm trying to be a person but I gotta be the man If I, can't stand the life that I'm in I gotta keep running cause I'm still gon' win Yes I got to go on (it's like that, it's like that) Yes I got to go on (it's like that, it's like that) [Posdonus] It's like, Slick Rick without the eye patch More like, saying slick shit you won't catch It's like bed time without your PJ's Or no fed timing in out the PJ's It's like, one minute you got it, then you broke Like what I do with it? I copped a few with it Looking like a problem, but you won't get it solved You working but you won't get the job It's like, who would of thought (thought) It you would of bought (bought) Into my religion you'd be more like God But you were steady swimming so you more like cod See these fools is fish scale, converting to ish male See I see it like, A alike, B alike I was taught, if you play alike, be alike How they don't see it for one to go pop And this is how you treat Hip-hop? Imagine if you didn't have that phantom chrome sitting on a curb nigga The word nigga wouldn't be a bit disturbing nigga See them roots are like begging for the rain You entering my kingdom just a begging for the reign Putting shit stain to paper Ink pain feeling like fifty-five licks on a slave niggaz back And not a one of y'all stopping to hate But why it gotta be like that? That, dadadat, dadat, dat, dat, dadat, dat, dadadat, dat, dat Dadadat, dadat, dadadat, dat, dat, dat, dat, dat, dadat, dadat, dat [Chorus] x2 The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: De La Soul f/ Ghostface Album: The Grind Date Song: He Comes Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash "Oh, whaddya know? He comes" [Posdonus] Down, like water, fresh out the clouds clown Drown you like terrible weather Nobody does it better than I, so approved by Carly Simon Most rappers is real hard, but still hardly rhymin To all - rise and shine - give God the glory I already give a percent of mine to Bert & Cory And still got bills and employees to pay So excuse me Lord, we'll settle up towards the end of my days My ways of control is hard to swallow Known to lead, but some would rather see me follow behind Sorry to dis-appoint, but dis joint's mine Dis-play your indie but say no -  - more or I'll blind you like spit did to Remo - to the dirt - and edit the clip and lost Kano My mens wear problems like Timbs See it all in they face, ask Mase, he got wars to win Scores to settle, crews to crush You rush right in to see him do it with a smile It's Long Isle y'all, longevity sustainin my celebrity status From AM to PM, you see him on file y'all I was told to step righteous, so when it's done everyone will say I stepped right And whether through religion, or stopped by the cop shinin his flash in my face, I'm bound to see the light "A few short words, and whaddya know?" "Oh, whaddya know? He comes" [Dave] Aiyyo I'm up against these walls, here's my back stiff straight up Dazzle and razzlin broads like I'm little Juan Magic Magnetically handle mics, they don't drop Top drama every time these commas don't drop Pop spots like lint on your shirt, the net worth to shoot the rock homey in many courts of ball Four couldn't do it, so we bring all six I circumcise the track, you just a dick - overlapped and hooded Skin repeated like Stutterin John I repeat like yesterday, it don't stop George of this poor life pop, put to Scarlet in a place she believes, much better than your lies She say she lookin better in my eyes, bullshit! Same crock she done ran to duck, crammin to fuck I put the pudding on her like Bill Cosby I tried to speak my piece in court but Judge Mills paused me Bifocusedly die hopeless sometimes Yo cry your poker face, you oughta try it one time When God is an non pos', you stand to download Demanded like slaves on trial - we want free Man cock aim ready, it's time you MC So you rappers bust bee-bee guns, graffiti runs through my veins since cable with the wired remote Woodgrainin like you wired his float [Interlude: Ghostface] C'mon, Pretty Toney and De La Soul We was rhymin through the frozen street since 8 years old Take us back to eighty-eight, you couldn't catch our flow A group of kids so original [Ghost] You heard? [Interlude] [Ghostface Killah] Tony 'Tana with big hammers for bad manners who got 'em We kiss cannons for Scrangelous crew, and his whack dancers Bitin is forbidden pah, pay that tax And don't you ever look at us funny - boy, we'll bring rap back And that'll hurt you like Superman, chased by a group of men with dyna-mics, real hip-hop'll do you in For you like Loo Goo Kim, or Moo Loo Inn Hula hoop all bitches crew full with brand new Keds Cutmaster kill 'em, make sure we cut classics Buck bastards in broad day and tuck caskets Next to Uday and Qusay, how can the group shoot the PA and just lay whooptay whooptay? Use the ruse, sport beads and snatch a dude's toupee Since tunin into T-La Rock'n AJ Ghostface gats is freshed squeezed like a glass of OJ Girls you can go cruisin in my OJ "A few short words, and whaddya know?" "Oh, whaddya know? He comes" The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: De La Soul f/ Common Album: The Grind Date Song: Days of Our Lives Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Common] Uh, yeah, uh, yeah, uh [Chorus: De La] + (Common) [Dave] Yo how the days of your life go Com? (I'm just tryin to be)  [Pos] That's it? (Stayin focused so my mind is free) [Dave] Watch the problems of the world go by like balloons [Dave] If tomorrow come now (it might be too soon)  [Pos] Too soon? [Common] I want the boom in the back of the truck Ain't nuttin the matter with a good dude havin a buck With that on my mind, I'm on the grind, it pays We break it down in these three ways, yo These days, I travel the Maze like Frank Beverly To the East, lookin for pieces of a better me Responsibility of my man's felony fell on me Celebrity status, make 'em think I got celery Hell and I do sometimes, still the sunshine ain't even all day (Yeah) The life of a baller, ain't even all play I stack 'em, so the chips fall where they must I ain't far from a Benz, or dude on the bus Even when I don't have enough, still in God I trust Said baby you're a star Said I'm on the car, seen the jiggiest of stars become dust, and one love become lust for the papers Had you gassed now that - gas became vapors Tricked your cash on ice; shoulda had acres Now your, empire fell like the Lakers So you're talkin to your maker It's the nature of the business, they givin niggaz inches Takin miles and mules, it's the wildest rules I'm tryin to walk in the black scent of proudest shoes Makin music that the crowds can use [Chorus: Pos, Com] + (Dave) [Dave] Yo how the days of your life go Dave? (With sunshine and shade)  [Com] That's it? (Tinted window grades and Kool-Aid) [DeLa] Watch the problems of the world go by like balloons [DeLa] If tomorrow come now (that might be too soon)  [Pos] Too soon? [Dave] I want twenty-four plus on these Put the pinto engine and the bus on these I get that first class seat to escape the days We break it down in these three ways Check the life I got that antidote, canteloupe scent, bent back in the sunroom froze, put your flick on pause (and pop a cork) There's no occasion nigga it's just because I'm celebratin for a hell of a day Get these barbie filets on hot charcoal tracks, so black Darko Pecoltrane plays them back We them freedom fight kids who gon' ball and raise fists If y'all down for the struggle, c'mon y'all, resist Everyday script, I exercise cheek Sixteen on the bar, I exercise speak (ha) It's been a long time, Long Isle's on the map While y'all stand on the corner, stoned like Chris {?} Kiss back, watchin time - wrist back Every second count but just finish this lap You gamble on your life like casino slots and cash out and still walk with a knot [Chorus: Com, Dave] + (Pos)  [Com] Yo how the days of your life goes Merce? (Man I'm just holdin my head) [Dave] That's it? (Shit, I'm also tryin to hold this bread) [DeLa] Watch the problems of the world go by like balloons [DeLa] If tomorrow come now (that might be too soon) [Dave] Too soon? [Posdonus] I furnished the rooms, and mortgage on these See them quittin ass rappers caused a shortage on these The soul boys of big illa-noyz get the praise We break it down in these three ways My moms died from secondhand smoke; so I wish yo' ass would die from them secondhand rhymes you wrote Or shall I call them second rhymes - written seconds 'fore you enter the booth Words thrown together with very little truth And a select few can do it (true) you ain't part of them scriptures And got the nerve to feel you want me out the picture But I was never in it, I'm the frame around the flick Or dishin in the mouth of your dame around my dick Ladies and gentlemen, introducin Workmatic One of L.I.'s finest, and this is "MY LIFE" Which is filled with bad minutes and good hours and, good months and bad years and with my peers we struggle to juggle the shit Family life and the music game don't easily fit My lady wants me home, sayin rap tour three rap whores and scores of scandal, even more than we can handle Sometimes, the rhymes I say Is the fly the currency to save the day Can't turn it away, cause we out to find presennce way beyond our measure, so baby don't pout [Common] Don't pout, De La Soul now turn it out Don't pout, Common Sense'll turn it out Don't pout.. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: De La Soul f/ Flava Flav Album: The Grind Date Song: Come on Down Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Flava Flav] Look man! You're botherin me G I got shit to do right now, aight? This is for De La Soul, y'knahmsayin? Word up I got shit to do you test tube baby! {*laughing*} Check one two, check one two De La Soul, is now back on the map Long Island, is now back on the map Good rap music, is now back on the map Yo check one two, this is the voice of yours truly the Flava Flav And I just want y'all to know, we ain't goin nowhere Old school is here to stay BOY! [Posdonus] + (Flava Flav) On the outskirts, of what works Live those who go for broke, and merk to get merked Live by the sword and die by the semi Not part of my ways, but stays right in my N.Y. mentality for me to be the best The current, the ones who weren't pressed, to confess lies over hot joints to sell to all who wanna hear some (Young'uns these days got fireproof eardrums!) They don't give a SHIT who's hot Just long as you're not, pussy, and be the would-be King But once crowned, the same wanna pull you down (And what makes the world go 'round!!) And I be the world renowned Wonder Why Wonderin why you can't stand me Is it because I'm the main Jackson and y'all just Titos and Randys? (Yes, it is!) Bless the kid who hold his own head and expect to last At the same time, I want respect and cash And a few paragraphs in them books Tellin you how us Native Tongues made hits with no hooks Rapped in every prefixes, gave birth to rap remixes back in '88 No disrespect to Diddy just settin it straight Instead of zig-zaggin, got a degree in braggin My daughter says I'm a teen, cause like a teen my pants always saggin and I walk with a bop The sag's part of my time, my walk from my pops No longer on timey and was never on Loud But cooked rhymes that make the Chefs of Wu proud I'm top cloud to rain on your show And still "anything goes when it comes to hoes" because [Flava Flav] Music (c'mon) New York (c'mon) Detroit (c'mon) c'mon down! Miami (c'mon) L.A. (c'mon) Vegas (c'mon) c'mon down! Boston (c'mon) Tucson (c'mon) Long Island (c'mon) c'mon down! V.A. (c'mon) Portland (c'mon) Chi-Town (c'mon) c'mon down! [Dave] + (Flava Flav) Make you shake like, sunshine, naked shoe was once mine Had bottom inner drawers and used to hit it from the mids Fix your playground player or some kids'll come stomp in your sandbox, swollen hands cocked back No knives, no drama, no guns No disrespectin your seed or Ma Dukes I puke rhyme and you laugh, take a sniff of these fricaseed raps on Carribean riffs See last night's change was today's dough money No time for your freestyles so roll money No more whack albums with two joints No more ballplayin rappers who shoot ya two points (No more G cause I'm sick of your hip-hop!) Your flows bore like seashores with no bitches Switchhittin niggaz will receive no pitches No diamonds on the field, just keep the game real simple, see the God flows healthy Wealth in the mind is like money in the bank Exchange cash like thoughts in conversation Thank you for your purchases, we dough out and roll out the Kool-Aid, {?} see us pimp strut Ain't really pimpin, I'm tryin to catch the bus The Krush Groove ain't got shit on Cold Crush! We dolly dolly babies cause we shootin cats 'Back to the Future' rap with Doc Brown shotgunnin it And pantyhose your whole style and start runnin it You dudes fiddle while we stay on the cello The mush-in-your-room son, we stay portobello Can't settle for the same picket white fence I got dreams of barbed wire in front of factories pa Still push the truck with the factories pa I'm bound to wreck the whip and turn insurance out, make 'em shout [Flava Flav] D.C. (c'mon) Oakland (c'mon) U.K. (c'mon) c'mon down! New Orleans (c'mon) Little Rock (c'mon) B-More (c'mon) c'mon down! Memphis (c'mon) Utah (c'mon) Jersey (c'mon) c'mon down! Atlanta (c'mon) Brooklyn (c'mon) Philly (c'mon) c'mon down! [Flava Flav] Yeah that's right! Flava Flav, with De La Soul Act bold, and we knock you straight up in the hole Y'knahmsayin? Six feet deep, that's the way that we keep, rollin Y'knahmsayin? Operation tech sensation in the nation Ready to take it to Penn Station, y'knahmsayin? Yeah, ah ha ha ha {*laughing*} Long Iz one is, that's where we is man {*laughing*} De La Soul, you done it again! De La Soul, you done it again! {*laughing*} De La Soul, you done it again! {*laughing*} Flava Flava, De La Soul, you done it again! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: De La Soul f/ Butta Verses, Yummy Album: The Grind Date Song: No Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Yummy] I never can say goodbye No no n-no I, never can say goodbye I don't, I-I don't know the rest [Posdonus] We those pros, we never procrastinate (ah) Them guardians they shouldn't let you get past the gate Watch out dawg, the watchdog's showin his teeth (Guess you bit too much shit) they bitin your beat While I speak from experience, hunger and hurt And a little bit of hate from niggaz doin me dirt I just wash it all out with Tide and show love to those who ride with me while I'm puttin in work [Butta Verses] Full-timin it, 8:30 to 6, the graveyard shift The three months before the benefits hit But my position went temp' to perm' I sat and listened like an intern watchin who applied get fired Now I'm sittin in the break room, they gotta make room (make room) My paper stacks, put staples through 'em So I can keep my money together Some die-hard fans just don't want it like, "Put Pos back on it" [Posdonus] I'm back on it, that's why you never disappointed We give you what we live through for real (for real) Don't own a crown but I'm royalty And tryin to see the royalty checks about a half a mil' Whether off or on the chart, my cuts grips your heart (You know we got you open) like your gut splits apart I never pass the buck, my shoulder holds the weights So don't beef when we don't pass collection plates [Butta Verses] I don't give money, I don't support the needy Schooled in America, taught to be greedy And everything ought to be, easy But I never could say goodbye to my friends who get high Wonder Why, I'm rockin with that guy, it's serious Still make him cry when the satire's hilarious Cold for your areas, flows come in various shapes and sizes so hot that you despise it [Chorus: Dave] + (Yummy) Never last up to bat (no no no no) These skills we don't lack (no no no no) We never fall and pray (no no n-no no) Make all the ladies say (ooh ooh baby) You can't knock the hustle - not at all (no no no no) Can't be budged by your muscle (no no no no) Never ridin on E (no no n-no no) It's De La and Butta V (drive you crazy) [Posdonus] Yo, if you are what you eat; some of you cats heads between your girl's legs a lot cause y'all act too sweet (Go brush your teeth!) Then after that Put in a little more practice on your rhymin attack What you write's not the least bit hot Maybe cause your wrist is so cold from all that ice you cop Hate to hate a playa but you know what? I still smother ya like cheese and broccoli's freshly cut [Butta Verses] And we the steak and potatoes and De La's the greatest And ladies be on the floor thankin the Lord that He made us I'm tellin you, I swoop her like a pelican do You sayin - look at that pelican fly; you spittin gelatin rhymes They shaky as shit, ugly in the mold you fit We the square peg on the round hole, sound's soulful Your imitation flavor is tofu It's true we make our bed all day, and we are.. [Posdonus] .. the world of rap! Take you back in the days of all four hundred ways that people lack It's that (what) authentic, big-nosed mic music  Four to five survive all night to it I'm tryin to keep up with my Jones' and Thomas' 'til I'm broke like them New Year's Eve promises And that's alright, I just penned another sixteen to fill my bank account with the mixed greens [Butta Verses] Moms want 5's and 10's The girls I got is 9's and 10's, VH1 "Behind The Pens" You anticipate greatness from elder statesmen I ch-ch-ch-AHH, like Biz Mark' or Jason I bust one shot just to start the racing The tortoise and the hare, which one there is chasin? Slow and steady, we already Andretti Get ticket take parades, waves and confetti and.. [Chorus] w/ minor variations [Pos] Come on y'all [Yummy: repeat 4X] If the Soul keeps rockin, the streets will keep rockin If the streets keep rockin, the Soul will keep rockin If the streets stop rockin, the Soul will keep rockin If the Soul keeps rockin, the streets will keep rockin The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: De La Soul f/ MF Doom Album: The Grind Date Song: Rock Co.Kane Flow Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Posdonus] Up in them five-star tellies and two mic rhymes be them average MC's of the times Unlike them, we craft gems So systematically inclined to pen lines without sayin a producer's name, all over the track Yeah I said it! What you need to do is get back to reading credits, we them medics alphabetically stuck on that english And knock it out before we pour that sure shot more rock co.kane flow [MF Doom] From the top of the key, the 3 Villain Been on in the game as long as you can wheelie your Schwinn Turn the corner spinnin, bust that ass and get up Dust off the mask, whoever laugh give him a head up He got jumped, it pumped his adrenaline He said it made him tougher than a bump of raw medicine To write all night long, the hourglass is still slow Flow from Hellborn to free power like LILCo And still owe bills, pay dues forever Slay huge when it comes to who's more cleverer Use to wore a leather goose ski with a fur collar Hand charged a fee for loose leaf words for dollar Ya heard? Holla - broad or dude, we leave food Eat your team for sure, the streets sure seem rude For fam like the Partridges, pardon me for the mix-up Battle for your Atari cartridges or put your kicks up It's a stick up [Dave] Now put your blix up, these Riddick Bowe cuts is swoll like penile flicks, give 'em 20 The danger in his eyes'll let you know he's a brawler Bring your tallest champs like that much taller Ten pounds heavier, one step ahead of it Vocab, stamina, style's all irrelevant Camps and cliques, units, squad crews and clans Even your tongues'll fuck around and leave your mouth [MF Doom] Doom brung that bum, there goes that news van again Act like you knew like Toucan Sam an' 'em He eat rappers like part of a complete breakfast Your rhymes ain't worth the weight of they cheap necklace String 'em up, bring 'em up under whack junk snack And get that out your hand, punk, jump and get your dunk smacked foul, we all know the rules bro You slow, you blow the soup on you fools, his own Boss like Hugo [Posdonus] You go lights, camera, action with no makeup We De La to the death, or at least until we break up Here's a couple of nice guys who finished first So nice try, but the prize is ours dispersed They say the good die young, so I added some bad-ass to my flavor to prolong my life over the drum Everyone cools off from bein hot It's about if you can handle bein cold or not! And we was told to hop on no one's dick by Prince Paul We stayed original ever since y'all First to do a lot of things in the game, but the last to say it No need to place it on a scale to weigh it And don't do it for the plays or to raise the bar Yet it's raised anyway, it's so amazing, are the three L.I. brothers from a other way of thinkin Hey your lady's winkin, I think you need to control that hoe or I can hold her [Dave] The elements are airborne, I smell the success (Yo let's cookie cut the shit and get the gingerbread, man) Sacrifice mics and push drugs to these rappers Puff ponies 'til I turn blue in the lips Sippin broads like 7-Up (ahh) so refreshing I finger pop these verses like first dates  The birthdate's September 2-1, 1-9, 6-8 Too old, to rhyme, too bad, too late The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: De La Soul f/ DJ Rhettmatic Album: Impossible Mission TV Series Pt. 1 Song: Impossible Intro Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [DJ Rhettmatic cuts these samples] "Ladies and gentlemen  Boys and girls!!" "Time to lay down some... serious sound" "At this time we proudly present" "De La" and "Rhettmatic" "One of L.I.'s finest" "Thank you, thank you" "The permanent tat, in this rap shit" "No doubt" - "forever" "De La is the greatest" {*laughing*} "It's that laughing again - who's there?" "Know the name, De La Soul" "Very good indeed" "Plug Three" "I'm here with Plug Two" "Very good indeed" "Long Isle's on the map" "Very good indeed" "Nothing's gonna stop us now" "Did you just say what I think you said?" "Yeah I said it motherfucker!" "Gather 'round for the big finale" "Oh lovely" "What are we waiting for?" "Are y'all ready out there?" "Mission" "Impossible" "Mission" "Impossible" "Impossible, it must have been a bad needle" The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: De La Soul Album: Impossible Mission TV Series Pt. 1 Song: Live @ the Dugout 87 Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash "Good morning gentlemen. In the absence of your responsibilities to Sanctuary Records and Tommy Boy Music, you've been left with  free reign to conduct business as you see fit. Your mission,  if you so choose, is to continue to do what you do best - hip-hop.  This tape will self-destruct in five seconds." [Pos] Making cash steady's on everybody's mind DJ's spinnin our songs now decline Rap is fast, but rap ain't cool Hot enough to burn, yet I roll with a firm that'll put that fire out, lower your temps Smack you with a banana, lil' chimp~! I'm known to run laps around your BMI and ASCAP Put me on a tour bus, cover whole map Leave my organs in tact when I die But please donate every rhyme that I've fried and baked, to them no skill rappers on the make Who say the same shit, come in the same fit And I'm wonderful while I'm most wild Most call me Wonder Why for years Got hip-hop like quarts of blood that's the lifeflow to the very verse Everybody say HOOOOO, for your ears [Dave] Ah yes yes y'all (yes y'all) yes y'all (yes y'all) Rock a foreign spot cause the God's so STRESSED Brand new shoes (shoes) a brand new name (name) Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtle ka-BAM! B-boy stance I got the buckle on my belt East coast reppin with the buckle on they belt Forty-deuce flicks we had them fuckers on our belt I'ma stay b-boy 'til this whole shit buckle Rock'n'roll, round here we +Rocksteady+ EMC's need to +BE+ MC's Lyrically inclined does not mean jack if you cannot comprehend that ol' boom bap That backyard scrap, like BVD's Taylord's double{?}, and pinstripe Lees That ba-ditty-ba-boom shit on hold Now it's SoundScan spins, and who went GOLLLLLLD~! Fuck all they want platinum But how's that good when you lyrically wood? [Outro] Yeah, mic check one two Yo it's feedback y'all, feedback, one two YEAH, party ain't over y'all We just tryin to fix the technical difficulties Crazy feedback Way out in Long Island, yeah Aiyyo yo, turn down the music Yo ummm, James Morris James Morris, your mother is outside You, you have to go home (your mommy's outside) I mean damn B, guess you gotta home, bye bye! Herbie Hancock, heh heh Yo yo, don't turn on the light man! Don't turn the light, turn off the light man We 'bout to get it back on, yo DJ DJ turn that back on man Line up with the mic, let's do it The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: De La Soul Album: Impossible Mission TV Series Pt. 1 Song: Voodoo Circus Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Dave] Kick up the dust like "Another One Bites the" It ain't the Queen version, see you heard 'em back on Bentley Road with the show council - whattup Divine - the bell rang It ain't no champagne fall, we dump the taste through the crack for the folks under the floor, on tour {*beatboxing*} Ever since I was a "Fat" bastard But now I travel a little light in my skin It ain't all that cute, I still tuck a little in Like Schwinn bikes sting 'em Ray sting 'em, Ray sting 'em ("Sting 'em Ray!") I blind box, niggaz hit 'em when I hear 'em It stays six here to bake you rap crumbcakes So scrumptious with cholesterol Lube out your squeak, your selection is weak This combination is like Halle and Beyonce (BAD!) But smooth like Ponce DeLeon Explorin this Dave West bounce that we on On on on on on on on... ("Here's a very curious thing, a verse that'll fit any song") [Pos] We all do what we gotta do When no love in the heart of a city No love in the heart of a crew, so most break up Others stay together, cause there's not enough money to leave They tryin to get the cake up, frost it out a little in eight days and wake up, exercise demons Leave you in a state screamin, "Come back De La, come back~!" Sorta how Prince did to Nikki No need for that, here to give it to you quickly Cause some of y'all lookin kinda sickly Eatin that bullshit rap (word) split ya asshole then let all the whack shit fall out Then come grab another pouch and sprinkle us in (sprinkle it) Until you stay twinklin, roll your ass up No I won't pass up a toke, for all the shit De La wrote So smell us all on your clothes Try to wash us out, we ain't comin out, that's how it goes Winner of the pro see- FUCK ALL AWARDS ("Fuck all y'all!") [Dave] Yeah, and wipe your face pa Your bone swat on speak tongues that ain't near ya I knew Cayman since we met on the Island Kodak kid (CLICK) kept it all candid An apple a day, we have FUN dip I knew one dip, after school special delivery She kept up on asses like Nancy Drew We did a dance or two, until my girlfriend showed up [Bitchy Girl] (Nigga I know you ain't disrespectin me who is this bitch?) (Why is this bitch all in your face? Why is this bitch ALL, IN, YOUR, FACE) (Yeah whatever nigga just dancin, I am not the numerical uno) (So you got one night out and wanna act like a little monkey?) (I know IT'S HARD OUT HERE FOR A CHIMP~!) [Pos] Can I get a Soul Clap? It's the summertime 1969 nigga, born durin the Woodstock Many men do wish they could rock But all they do is inject the value of shock But KABOOM, I blow up the spot, the scene The little ones, the teens, them elders, the peers They don't run in fear, they gravitate to the way I navigate know-how inside your ear (Never) fabricate vo-cals inside your ear And let's make it clear, I'm Plug ("one for the trouble") Wonder Why ("for the time") Workmatic, pullin them dimes who like to get on their knees and {*WHISTLE BLOWS*} and {*WHISTLE BLOWS*} and {*WHISTLE BLOWS*} and {*WHISTLE BLOWS*} and {*WHISTLE BLOWS*} and {*WHISTLE BLOWS*} and {*WHISTLE BLOWS*} SHA-NA-NAHHHH! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: De La Soul Album: Impossible Mission TV Series Pt. 1 Song: Friends Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Pos] Yo, this this that Jaylib shit right here Shit is crazy yo Let me rhyme over this Talk about my so-called friends Aiyyo God bless the child who hold his own And never wanna touch a microphone Cause the game's addictive, and leave you inflicted with a bad case of chase the dead president's face But I know how to pace myself, embrace the wealth Make time for the dotted line But when we find some contract, got a con tryin to stab our back We sever them ties - wash them lies off~! And dry off in the truth Wonder Why say it, I proofreads Some speed past and think I won't catch the ink I don't match with the main word I heard your bitin before And it's just a way to get more out of America, the land of the wants and needs Where the flame of greed is hard to put out so the output is to put yourself first, and worse Everything that grows from out the Earth is quicker to die Cause the clouds been actin hard and they too stubborn to cry But when the rain comes the main drums'll have De La on the track And whether y'all back us or front Ain't nuttin gonna stop the progress Less niggaz more money in the pocket to profit from To then hold loaves of bread instead of crumbs [Dove] Aight, now let me talk about my friend Who some cases that's your girl, check it out Yo when we clash like titans, I write wars Rock white tees in L.A. and that's yours Your brain cell catch that? You move slow Turtle wax your muscle with this jackrabbit And crack habits kick that +Rock Co.Kane+ and when we rhyme She call me every night and say the dicking's on her mind Signin like sex, cause sex don't talk Deaf mute parachutin down to New York like {*whistling*} Yeah, I can be your gent Horses and carriages, roses and wine Twats are gorgeous but I fucks wit'cha mine Drownin in ya milk givers, the guilt with us cause I got another pair on the other side of town When she get up to go to work, that's when I get down Runnin episodes like BET Over and over like BET Back shots like a muffler hiccup Put the boy in your mouth, and drink up~! We on the sink, we on the balcony, we on the stars A Little Dipper in you, but not in miniature A co-signed love, but no signature We dead stop it like Blacksmith ops Pack bag, drag race back to the shop Servin coffee over cock over +Donut+ holes We don't sweat a bit cause we know them hoes Servin coffee over cock over +Donut+ holes I won't sweat your chick cause I know her Yeah I know her, she my friend "Friends, how many of us have them?" "Friends, the ones we can depend on" The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: De La Soul Album: Impossible Mission TV Series Pt. 1 Song: What the Fuck #1 Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Posdnuos] Aiyyo this is the "What the {*BLEEP*}" portion of the tape Where we play you, exclusive songs you never ever heard before That didn't make the album, that's why y'knahmsayin so This one is called "De La Soul's Poster" It was recorded during the "De La Soul is Dead" album So you ain't gonna hear it nowhere else Check it out yo here it go 	.-= "De La Soul's Poster" =-. I was walkin down the street to meet with my sweet I'm not a wimp, but a shrimp, by the gangsta pimp Actually I'm a kid with a limp, for my left leg was damaged by some girls who managed to run me over Over the fact De La Soul was in a shopping mall The gall of the floozies Though kids pose with no chains or uzis Yo they're straight up weak Now I made it to the end of the street, what do I spot ... it made me drop my soda bop to the beat y'all it seems my nightmare won't stop I spot myyyyyyyyy girl and this cop Gazin at a De La Soul poster on the side of a building Was willing to forget it but my girl was singin like a beaut' how cute Trugoy was And if she was older how she'd be his boy Was this somethin I deserved I'm a dedicated proom, only cheated once in a blue moon And she's ready to quit me for some face on a wall The cop gets a call and he had to jet, bet the more man with a holster Now I'm quick to face the troublesome poster Pulled out a marker that I had stashed Figured I'd give him a blue mustache But with a dash I received a slash from a fist, it was my girl fist at that I knew what I was doin would truly toast her But didn't think she'd plug me for the De La Soul {*needle drags*} 	.-= inserted track ends =-. "What the, what the {*BLEEP*} was THAT!" Yeah exactly y'all Yeah that was a little out whi-whi-whiggedy-WHOA~! But ummmmm, yeah y'know that was that early 90's flow of mine If you want to consider it a flow I mean I think my flow was still baking in the oven I don't even think the oven was on Actually I don't think it was plugged up yet but Ummmm, let's get into something where umm the flow's a LITTLE bit better Some current stuff right here for ya Aight let's do it The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: De La Soul Album: Impossible Mission TV Series Pt. 1 Song: Go Out and Get It Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro] I mean the only way that you gon' get it is to go out there and get it, y'knahmsayin? It's like sometimes you gotta just put it all and bet the farm You ain't gonna get it any other way, you know? For me it's about bein better than I was yesterday, y'know I'm sick and tired of bein sick and tired, I'm tired of losin So I'ma bet it all, y'knahmsayin? [Pos] All hail to the check one-two You can catch one-two at a theatre near Where you'll find me supportin rap, like a brassiere Not sayin if the game is tits, but you gotta admit that the soul be the, holder of the mic device Rhymes filled with blood and guts, the game filled with bolts and nuts, but them shits rusty And the trusty MC got the W-4 You can find me up in the W. Moore I'm back on the juice with them heavy-o Chevy rhymes Missin like crime on the deuce We don't sit in boats and fish, we sit in studios and quote words to serve on a dish And the nerve that you wish you had I got bags of And tracks are drugs that only make it worse when you're high Listenin to the Why on the first verse named Wonder So don't underestimate, what we create And you'll never find us pullin up to clubs in them long stretch whales Or pushin inside girls with Donkey Kong stretch tails And when all else fails, we hit 'em with the charm that reflects like muscles on the arm And even if crowded like food courts We own home court advantage so we never feel alarmed [Dave] It's eighty-six y'all, put your rap on pause More milk on the mic than them pregnant broads Nine times out the dime it's a penny on the floor Same penny you walk around and ignore See I'm the penny that'll have the deal closed Turn that point nine nine into one point oh's A millisecond you'll be needin in the race That photo finish I ain't even see your face I'm that one degree that made the Pisa lean The one goal, one job, one aim and one team That one good push that gave birth to your dream That one good year, that one good beer See you can hit the lotto with hope and a buck But with 99 cents yo' ass is outta luck Once upon a time, it's not once it ain't happen One pop in the air does not mean you clappin One rap hit does not mean you be rappin Although you bust rhymes, you ain't kill it ONE TIME~! Never was to be in the first, just the second one If you don't find me with mic, I'm mic checkin one One good pinch, and one good hunch That's just one bad apple out the New York bunch Got ones, but I want 2's 3's and 4's I'm that one when you got one more The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: De La Soul Album: Impossible Mission TV Series Pt. 1 Song: Respect Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Dave] Hey yo I'm proud to be black y'all, wish I could bring Jay back DJ put the needle to the haystack Pump beats like eighty-six pumped crack Raise the heat for the summer, we Fahrenheit Banners like cash on your corner, papered and OD Make your girl wanna shake in front of little ol' me Even when I'm rock bottom still the most poppin Hold crops like John on the farm, then Johnny your Fox Boxcutter clean cut stem from the PA Not your everday outcast, we outlast Used to bust a tommy gun, now I blast off with a check Might as well, I done earned the respect [Pos] Here to jumpstart the art again, the sparkplug W-O-N I trouble your whole squad again In a class by myself, so selfish in my ways Shave my head bald, I'm too fly for tou-pes Ain't nuttin sweet yet, never actin bitter Shut your spitter small fry, you too dry to wet me And if you could, you think I'd really let you? In and out the hood I get much respect DUE [Dave] Got two {?} with Supa Dave bandana Shut your camera lens and use your senses Recognize it's Pos, Mase and me Stressin R-E-S-P-E-C-T, see? [Pos] Best believe it's official y'all Rap's the new form of wrestling on mescaline tabs and E pills, and y'all came back for refills Watchin how the drama unfold as MC's go from hot to cold Pots of gold they search for Some find more than others - platinum plaques But when you act goes active on the radio You become radioactive, that's a fact~! De La's got the respect attack Tactfully weathering the storm in all forms We born to give you the breaks Cause just like a fiend y'all came so y'all can get rid of them shades The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: De La Soul Album: Impossible Mission TV Series Pt. 1 Song: Beef Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [unknown guest poet] Nah that's not what I mean I mean, every mornin I wake up and I give thanks Y'know, that I get dressed up and rob banks I don't need a mask, I ain't askin for favors Everybody got it rough If you were the only one who had it bad then there would be a cause for effect, you hear me? It's easy to live after the world's opinion It's easy to live accordin to your own And when she don't got love for you, man She's like a loaf of bread with nuttin to drink Goin down hard, that's word up She'll tear anything up for you Shit is rough but it's fair man, ain't a joke out here Niggaz been doin good for a long time but now the game has changed, y'knahmsayin? We just came home, now we got BEEF~! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: De La Soul Album: Impossible Mission TV Series Pt. 1 Song: Reverse Your Steps Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash {*crowd noise, boxing bell rings*} [Posdnuos] Who floats like a butterfly, sting like a bee Not me! Leave that for that boxing great Yet I float like b-balls on a path to swish Sting like making shots when you're pissed Of course that's sayin you're on court to playin a round Unprotected blues and I'm the same bad news You come pokin your face in my place The rest you best believe you're gonna lose I'll choose every line to floor ya I'm a New York nigga, my momma and them from Waynesboro, Georgia Wonder Why, I cop weed just to feed to my ex-pectations to keep them high Cause my own try to hold me back, with that black on black rhyme Get off me blackie! Your whole style tacky and lack the approach of men You just a kitten in a lion's den, alright reverse it, aiyyo Back up lil' nigga, reverse your steps Back up lil' nigga, reverse your steps Back up lil' nigga, reverse your steps Reverse your steps, reverse your steps .. Reverse your steps Back up lil' nigga, reverse your steps Back up lil' nigga, reverse your steps Back up lil' nigga {*reverse your steps - REVERSED*} {*boxing bell rings*} [Dove] I box better when I'm on these ropes And got bloody in the eighth but your apes couldn't save you The left got brutal and ripped shack your ribs back So now you sprayin the streets without eatin My plate's got broccoli and snow peas on it See we healthy like Lance Armstrong and then Popeye Small fry fuckin with these Spuds McKenzies Get the bucks, get the money, and the bid or your Benji's Radar heavy I analyze the blips See me comin in your land I'ma AND-1 this bitch Ain't nuttin to lose but these two fronts, a few stunts The Chuckers got strings on 'em, we airborne Cleared for takeoff, face off the square puzzle got you puzzled like yo is it peace or piece? Increase the blows for the stutter step to it Make you jump back and kiss your death and step back! {*boxing bell rings and crowd noise*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: De La Soul f/ Butta Verses Album: Impossible Mission TV Series Pt. 1 Song: You Got It Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash {"You got it" - *4X*, "I know you got.."} [Posdnuos] The right to remain silent Anything you say can be used Chopped up, stretched and fused, with other shit to get The desired effect to win, let us begin {"You got it" - *4X*, "I know you got.."} [Dove] Yeahs my mellow, we glow like snow yellow Byprints anticipate, smiley face prints in it {"You got") The nerve to spit flows, eyes closed You're out of your lane, I'm runnin with my windows tinted {"You got") A closed mind with locks on the gate {"You got") A bag of life filled with dead weight {"You got") Your priorities mixed up, we fixed up Bobbity throwings burn MC's date {"You got it" - *4X*, "I know you got.."} [Butta Verses] Toucan Sam, what you spittin isn't written Like last month's baby clothes, it ain't fittin {"You got") To upgrade to the top fades Bringin big body ink sticks, bottom of the page {"You got") To step in a little hotter these days {"You got") Swampfoot, I heard it started in the 'Glades {"You got") Two of the best and one of the newest Who stay mile high with a stewardess doin it [repeat 4X] {"You got it") [Pos] You know I got it {"I know you got.."} [Posdnuos] A degree in braggin, an art to bag Any lady to get her back to the room {"You got") A wife at home with a knife that long cuts For cuttin up I'm in the emergency room {"You got") Styles in place, Long Island bass {"You got") A major tour all over the place {"You got") The knack to keep those who lack out of the mainframe of the game, you know what they say {"You got it" - *4X*, "I know you got.."} [Butta Verses] TROUBLE! Take that chance to make double Can't knock the hustle but scoped you like the Hubble {"You got") Pulled over on I-95 Flashlights right in your eyes, step outside {"You got") Weed in your tray and coke in yo' trunk {"You got") Nowhere to run he opened it up {"You got") A lot of regret, caught can't jet Got a five year sentence, ain't finished two yet [Dove] {"You got") Time money and work, to do it everytime I'm workin money here since I'm give in no time {"You got") Crime niggaz who designin my commitments See I honor this my niggaz I committed no crime {"You got") Good credit and plans for next year {"You got") Drunk once on the Grey Goose and beer {"You got") Dry flows that got you sippin on these daquiris I'm sayin what exactly your ears wanna hear [repeat 4X] {"You got it") [Pos] I know you got it {"I know you got.."} [Posdnuos] The aches and pains for cravin for some De La Soul shit To whip yo' ass back into shape {"You got") To hold tight, the album soon come For now, take a bite from out of this mixtape {"You got") To cop this so pay the fee {"You got") Soul cause you're listenin to the 3 MC's Rock the Kangol and Kwelis But don't break this break {*scratch: "break, down"*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: De La Soul Album: Impossible Mission TV Series Pt. 1 Song: What the Fuck #2 Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro: Pos] We back with the "What the Fuck" portion of the tape We 'bout to get into this song called, "Mindstate," which was recorded when we was makin all the songs for "Buhloone Mindstate" And this is a song we made purposefully just to fuck with Tommy Boy's heads like we wanted them to think we was on some crazy shit And we didn't, we, we had no plans on puttin this on the album And of course, certain people in the boardroom, when they heard it they liked it but we still didn't care so Here we go, "Mindstate," check it out y'all --- You can't beat my mindstate {*3X*} [Dove] Aiyyo let's skin the ghost Because the sheet's been stained with the ocean (Wishy-washy, wishy-washy, wishy-washy) I am the elf to seventh closed closet Burnt to the Flintstone... Singing in the black man's wish Figure me zoomed to the outskirts Slave with the big black sword down in the underbelly... Walk, run, pick, pluck Astinence to FUCK-INNNG The M = a norm Timbs made fruit to skills (hello) Tally on {*3X*} I'm not hard You can't beat my mindstate {*4X*} [Pos] Aww yeah, where he where he be? Where he go? (Yo I got that fat shit~!) To make matters worse (yo I got that fat shit) You got money in the purse (yo I got that fat shit) Had to sit down for a while from my style Was too heavy to bear (yo I got that fat shit) For my head to contemplate (yo I got that fat shit) Went on the blind date (she was a fat shit) I'm not home {*everyone laughs*} [Dove] I get gooder than gettin be ("GOOD!") Gooder than, gooder than, gooder than - gettin be ("GOOD!") Time to play the low self watch... I get to zone on the kosher stuff with my avenue attitude But I'd really like a psycho meditation (Anybody, anybody, anybody, anybody..) With my Indonesian boogaloo Makes the mix cause the rainy weather is flyin soon and ABC News won't be able to catch it baby I'm not home You can't beat my mindstate {*4X*} [Pos] When a sperm cell met with Haaaaa-dy (Twelve months later) the first words was dad Then I ran into a Peppermint Paaaa-ty Charlie Brown gets mad (He's comin after me) no he ain't Yes he issssssssssss (no he ain't) He's now over my house shootin out all the windows ("Broken glass, everywhere!") Just like I'm standin here doin the same to his ("Everywhere!") Cause I'm not, home You can't beat my mindstate {*4X*} You can't beat my mind {*2X*} You can't beat my {*2X*} You can't beat {*2X*} You can't {*2X*} You.. {*2X*} ("Hello? Hello!") {*3X*} --- [Pos] Yeah yeah, that was "Mindstate" And I ain't even gonna give it a "What, the, what, the?!" Cause that was actually pretty dope Like I said before we was wildin out when we did it Purposely to make Tommy Boy bug out Like if they was gonna say like "What are these niggaz on?" But umm I like that song~! So umm.. y'know We ain't gon', we ain't gon' blow it up like that BUT! We are gon' keep movin on So check it out, here we go The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: De La Soul Album: Impossible Mission TV Series Pt. 1 Song: Just Havin a Ball Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Dave] Yeah... it's De La You know we up in here, just doin what we gotta do This joint right here we call "Just Havin a Ball" Just havin a ball, y'know See my lady really don't like me when I be sayin the things I be sayin in my rhymes but You know I'm just havin a ball They say Dave got it bad for these broads on tour These thick legs, Lego and Rubix Cube Tyco, night glow, butt-ass nude He got Monopoly's on 'em from the Bronx to the bank Got the battle - "He sank my Battleship!" I put a sock on my robot and box the all night Play the head to head, never went all pro At the halftime performance she the halftime show A part time sucker, I implore the game (word up) She quick to dodge-balls, avoidin the face stain Jack-in-the-box, nah that ain't no haps I need that Mrs. Potato Head in my lap In checkers and chess I do a big cut bounce 36 ounces of hula hoop hips I'm shootin for that Duck Hunt, that Dan Quayle tail What I gotta spell it out? I'm about to campaign for that President Bush, damn I declare war Bring on some of your friends, matter fact, the next whore [Pos] Alright I'm tryin to have a ball without all that girl talk Cause my girl wouldn't like that either So I'm I'm tryin to stay away from that Aww fuck it, I'm hot Let me, let me do it, let me do it a lil' bit Aiyyo "Gimme That," that Lil' Webbie & Bun B I used to mash Lil' Debbie up in 1-D Those were the days, but days don't change So we still get it on just to keep it all the same and it's routine to rock roll and rip shows Across the zip codes and fold the thick loads of information inside your earlobes We are the high end thread for your mere clothes Outside of the box is where you'll find us Those who find to it, step behind us It's not about the lead, we not tryin to be the heir to the throne but the air that you breathe and it's protocol for us to get at y'all With a face filled with game We play without the cheat codes, we don't need those to rock Close the do' in our face, best believe we gon' knock Let us in y'all [Dave] Yeah that's right It's De La, that's how we do We just have a ball everytime we have a ball Now make sure y'all look out for the TV series, this is part one, "The Impossible Mission" We gon' have two and three Aiyyo Why, part two point five, hahaha That's how we do it y'all Shout out to my man Maseo Shout out to my man Prince Paul Shout out to everybody out there, De La family You know how we do Just havin a ball, I just like talkin I don't really talk too much, I'm just havin a ball Yeah Shout out to A Tribe Called Quest, you know how we do it Yeah Shout out to cuttin the record off~! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: De La Soul Album: Impossible Mission TV Series Pt. 1 Song: What If Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Pos] This part of the tape is dedicated to my man Dilla You're gonna be sorely missed my nigga, word And this is the (WHAT~!) if portion of the tape And what if... De La would have got, the "Do You" beat that S.V. used from J.D. first I mean, we wanted that joint BAD y'all But - by the time we reached out for it Jay let us know, my man got it and umm They did their thing on it y'all but yo This is our version of it, here it is It's called "Relax" The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: De La Soul Album: Impossible Mission TV Series Pt. 1 Song: Relax Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Pos] Alright y'all, WE HERE NOW! (This, is, a, Supa Supa, blast blast, Supa Supa, blast blast) [Chorus: repeat 4X] Relax your mind, let your conscience be free Get down girl, get down girl [Pos] (Get dowwwn!) Just another day in a lonely world Where I like to make a lonely girl feel a little less lonely, tell a tale where she's my one and only, she got homegirls who likes to do more than chat So she asked where my homies at, I mean that song was fly But if my homey can't have none, sayin I won't have fun is honestly just a God damned lie~! Self-missions are less stress, and cut out the mess of havin a girl, verifyin if I'm lyin or not with her girl, cause my niggaz occupyin the same spot with her I'm like the fox with the fur well groomed You find me in hot clubs and hotel rooms in between the sheet crack And if the bed squeaks or noise-free, I'll put it to use Swig from the tiger beers for the extra boost Blow out your back like flames over the cake Cut out a piece of your heart, for the claim when I get you worked up to cream, and I can get on some Snoop Dogg shit and scream, "What's my motherfuckin name?" [Chorus] w/ Erick Sermon ad lib samples [Dave] Hey, we in the position to renew things I specialize in doin me and you things Now what's that he say she say? We got mortgages, dump all this gossip you're hoardin This world premier is for real ma A catalogue of lovin you can hear ma Put the quarter in the jukebox I brought a bit of luggage drawers and a few socks A little Dane Dane, and some X-Clan I'm tryin to save you from the chores of the next man see we can picnic, and go horseback I love your laughter even if you sound like Horshack You so impeccable but damn them birds peck at you Your technique is cuttin like you catch beats Or def these nuts cause your sex speaks We oughta "Chill" like EPMD (Get dowwwwn!) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: De La Soul Album: Impossible Mission TV Series Pt. 1 Song: Wasn't For You Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash (Just talk about you) {*2X*} [Dove] cause  She ride cause her testament has been day one A nigga got trust cause she been day one Day one's done, build a fam Bruce Lee So we K-I-S the BS goodbye Damsel in distress so I stress good guy Tarzan and Jane more like Bonnie and Kareem Could you be my sugar water, tonic and cream? Put the deen in my yard, like religion and king And ding (and *DING*) diamond you a sight Like unidentified rims spinnin in the night Me without your balance just wouldn't sit right Like written wouldn't be past tense without ten If it wasn't for you, if it wasn't for you {*4X*} [Pos] Hey, because of you my little lady named fame People spot me like nerves spot pain You put the S on my chest and inside my veins Before that this darkie had to smile for them to see me Now them same kids that used to diss wanna be me Due to me bein down with you Hooked up in eighty-two plus six when you gave me my fix You fixed my house and bankin accounts You fixed me up with too many women to count Only right for you to have your side niggaz too And even when you don't come back At least when you was here for me the world cheered for me [Dove] Pen you my muh'fucker, I'ma hold you like piss Even when the itchy burn make me wanna let go There you go smudgin, see actin mad funny But you kissin looseleafs so I can't be mad You my confidant when I couldn't tell pops that report card came, you signed off with me So when the checks come you'll be signin off with me But when I'm dead and gone will you sign off? Oh, Papermate, you light like paper weight But you pack ink can make tattoos turn pussy And when it's mush time you be there like a man In my hand spillin my heart wit'cha blood [Pos] You're my first born, my little Capricorn kid Slid in this world at one pound eight ounce My miracle baby, grown into a little lady so fast Like pressin the gas while the tape bounces Through you, me and your grandfather grew closer I understand now, all he tried to give for me I wanna give it to you the same way But sometimes fall short and you still live for me I just want you to know, I may not show all the right feelings and say the right verbs But you're my little black diamond And always shinin in my heart and that's way beyond words [Dove] You've been with me on the inside homey, pumped life in me Ever since I was a knee high, I knew I had heart Ain't gang related but you relative to blood AB negative you represent love Though you break like Pringles, you're heroic in your size You make David beat Goliath, you heartbeaker~! Broads love you on Valentine's day Quaker brought beats to my chest before hip-hop Let's take this time to remember [Chorus] - 2X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: De La Soul Album: Impossible Mission TV Series Pt. 1 Song: The Corner Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Dave] Yeah, the 15 millionth time, 15 and 1 Check it out Yo Com, how you rhyme to this slow shit Yeah yeah, check it out Yo memories of the corner, we huddled and stayed in trouble Guzzled on 40 O-Z's and played the double and back We doublin crack, no wonder why they fear us We cussin cause our mommas couldn't hear us Young lovers'll cuddle at 15 shit, they seen the struggle so That makes him a man con-sidered he got plans but She don't understand that this is where them fools bust at Same corner where she go and catch the school bus at It ain't changed a bit, we stand circle and spit bars Cigarette butts scattered like glass shattered and pops he play the corner 'til his day comes, DAMN~! Ambulances on the corner but hey, now it's offi-cial Cisco was the daze them cups of E&J Went down and hit a warm spot even in the winter's cold We had our snorkel and our winter playboys on These are the corners we was sent to play boys on Our socks is pockets, the guns is rockets It's where the after school fight was at, brand new bikes was at Fila suits, Kangols and new Nikes was at Same corner is today's same yesterday [Chorus: repeat 2X] I wish that I cold give you this feelin I wish that I cold give you this feelin We was livin on them corners, had a nigga rhymin, drinkin Whylin, potted out, livin HIGH~! [Pos] We live it real, hard, revoke your zeal God don't come around here no mo' So why you screamin HIS NAME in vain when the pain hits Pick yourself up and get to a hospital quick But leave out the bit, about what went down I know they hound us for hawkin Just a flesh wound, stitch it up, keep it walkin Niggaz on the corners loyal, they ain't talkin (they ain't talkin) Put down the sea of chalk and The use of chalk is for lines of hopscotch Or tracin dead bodies for crimes that got botched For just crime commitin and it's, time to fit it in the schedule, cause them crosstown niggaz came to our corner sprayin that lead you pull Ain't nuttin deeper than pilin in the car with the streetsweeper so we can clear every star off the corner The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: De La Soul Album: Impossible Mission TV Series Pt. 1 Song: Freestyle (Dat Shit) 2006 Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash * set to Diamond D's "Freestyle (Yo, That's That Shit)" instrumental [Intro/Chorus: Pos] Aiyyo wait a minute (yo that's that shit) Aiyyo raise it up (yo that's that shit) You better get ready (yo that's that shit) Yo watch us fuck it up (yo that's that shit) [Pos] Awww yeah, we plannin to win My name Plug One, I done done it again Drop know how like bags of smoke that's hittin the floor when you get them heavy knocks at the door Can't tell me much about this rap shit I ain't afraid to say it, we made some whack shit Yeahhh, but all the rest was hot Try to tell me it's not, man you have the gall Most of y'all can't write, you just trace the words you heard Already whipped, no original tape Ain't a damn thing changed but the change I make So my lyrical, is homegrown without the chemicals Gotta big up Aaron from the UK Thought I lost your math but found it in my old 2-way I flow on and on like the Mississippi Not on some gangster shit, never was a hippie Just extraordinary (nary) you can tell I'm very (very) well versed to spit verse, so don't compare me to another nigga - he can't figure me out I'm God Body little hottie, tell your man to be out Throughout the lane of rap we gain support I gotta say peace to Facemob, Black Thought Xzibit, J Dilla, and that nigga Diamond D Can't forget that nigga 86 rhymin with me Your plans to win will be canned like some fruit from Dole I'm De La nigga and I got soul (AND~!) It doesn't matter if it's 92 or 122 beats per minute Bonafide, Wonder Why up in it with ease, cause I'm the Plug Servin men, women, nerds, thugs Jews, gentiles, Muslim or Catholic Come to me rude I'll get right back at you with Callin you bitch and nigga so many times you'll walk away thinkin I was BUSTA RHYMES! [Pos] Damn I can't wait to make my next LP Break from the deal and become more wealthy Cats wanna hold your figures in this game Straight bitch niggaz, ain't gon' say no names That's just givin 'em fame at my expense We keep it tense, have you sweatin like ye olden heaters But no need for guns, we still keep you on the +Run+ like you're from Hollis, screamin out "Yo Peter!" I rock this for Maseo and Tru We stay together because it's the right thing to do We go on and on to the kick drum We got oodles and oodles of O's you know so come get some De La Soul's 'bout to put some clean up into the game that's a mess We shot this from the ending like we did from the start Puttin hearts in cardiac arrest [Outro] Aiyyo shoutout to 86 kid Maceo, that nigga Smiles Butta Verses, and the whole Stick Kid fam And we out The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: De La Soul Album: Impossible Mission TV Series Pt. 1 Song: What the Fuck #3 Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Dove] Aight, back to the "What the {*BLEEP*}" portion of the tape Umm, this song right here we recorded... in the middle of "De La is Dead" and "3 Feet High and Rising" Think Pos called it "De La Slow" Enjoy it, you're only gonna hear it here Aight, peace 	.-= "De La Slow" =-. It's in This is a "De La Slow," type groove Al's on the board He's tired as hell Prince Paul is out sleep But it's still "De La Slow" Got a WRMS radio station, that's "De La Slow" We got a donut shop, that's "De La Slow" We got props, that's "De La Slow" And I gotta kick this rhyme, that's "De La Slow" Preacherman rocks that nobody can So don't get mad if you don't understand Tracks hold dirt yet no infections Heads won't swell cause we close a flow grip Known as the madface through my teens Never felt blue so I still wore jeans The mighy mic cord plays the Plug One's sword Invert if you don't want a hurt from a cut There's nowhere to go from the saint to the hoe They mighta passed the bread so I have a lot of dough So the love is the rule like my man Lenny Kravitz But girls wanna play me with the "Oh she gotta have it" Naughty nutrition is served like these And with the donuts we pass the peas Makin much dollars, grippin much jeans Keep it undercover like a yellow submarine ... [Dove] Bogus, how bogus can I {*farting noise*} 	.-= inserted track ends =-. "What the, what the {*BLEEP*} was THAT!" Yeah {*toilet bowl noise*} Kinda feel, good flushin that old, De La doo doo Let's move on to some new {shit} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: De La Soul Album: Impossible Mission TV Series Pt. 1 Song: Freedom Train Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash {*scratching for the first 21 seconds*} [Pos] Yo De La to the death, I'm high post Higher than most And it ain't the weed talking cause I don't indulge But I will let the girl rush up on my bulge It's the, elixir, the fixer Yo and Maseo Plug Three the mixer Hard times spitter That nigga Dave keep the rhymes stunnin cause he ain't no quitter Oh what a wonderful web we spin but never stuck on the spoils of men The children in the street They no longer seek three hundred and six zero degrees They +Park+ they mind at +106 &+ freeze Right down to their knees But like every disease, soon come a cure We in the lab, mixin up books and master so pure Tyrant sound, we try But less time available to give it to you low meaning high No longer backed by record companies but back by popular demand, be the man who rock shit All day and understand we display the art the way we want to do 'em Leave it up to y'all to either cheer 'em or boo 'em and ain't heard a ghost yet Weed out your weak credit, put the game on reset and give you the biz, fuck how it was, that's how it is (Praise the Lord, praise the Lord) (De La Soul is FREE!) (So give praise to the G-O-D) (And don't forget me, Reverand Do Good) (Conductor of the freedom train) (Let freedom rang, let freedom rang, yeahhhh~!) [Dove] Yeah, see ain't everybody out here gangster It ain't all thugs We ain't really niggaz and hoes, see I'm addicted to a dream An occasional fiend, while you pour your glass of settle I'm thirsty for a better high, a better I Niggaz know the destination but don't walk at all They never even crawl I got needs to put Patrick Ewing's mind at ease But I ain't come to the court just to post up (This is team slaughter) my uniform is fitted, that's the God look Now read between the lines of life cause that's a hard book They say Dave holds his own when he hold the chrome But sometimes a tight grip'll make your mind slip But we back on like runnin to your TV and slidin in your favorite chair, your favorites are here on stage, movin arms like guns for sale Your rebate's in your mail Ain't gonna be no rebates sent back though I think Cause it's worth the money Just wanna send a shout out to 9th Wonder, Pete Rock Maseo whattup Smiles, Morgan good lookin out cool Little Brother, Spitkickers y'all The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: De La Soul f/ Kahn, S.D.P. Album: Impossible Mission TV Series Pt. 1 Song: Live in Tokyo (Bonus Track) Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash * * if you can understand the live Japanese raps send them in [Pos] Yo yo~! Aight y'all, we got a little treat for y'all A treat for the kiddies Here's an oldie but goodie This is a live recording of us doing "Buddy" This is from 1996 from Tokyo It was us, S.D.P., Kahn was on deck So um, just check it out, check it out y'know Gonna give you a little treat to eat, aight? [the other rappers cover Run-D.M.C.'s "Sucker MC's"] Took a test to become an MC And Orange Krush became amazed at me And Larry put me inside, his Cad-illac The chaffeur drove off and he never came back Mase cut the record down to the bone And now we're makin deals on my telephone And we're talkin this and that, a bit, a bat Champagne caviar, and bubble bath But see ahh, that's the life, ah that I lead And you sucker MC's on the T-I-P Sucker whack, move back, catch a heart attack Because there's nothin in the world, the party ever lack I cold chill at a party in a b-boy stance Rock on the mic, I make the girls wanna dance Fly like a Dove, that come from up above I'm rockin on the mic and you can call me Lovey Love Aight y'all, we just wanted to keep it movin We want to make sure y'all havin a good time out here tonight (Word up! Word up!) That song is about (Word up! Word up!) havin a fuckin good time out here y'all (Word up! Word up!) So we gonna do it like this From the back to the front, be a slave to the middle There is no code{?} to this, that's the way it's gotta be Chris Check it out y'all For my people over here (c'mon!) My people over there (I said c'mon!) Party people in the front (I SAID C'MON!) What, what, what? Posdonus! Trugoy P.A. Mase (word up) enjoy! Feel the heartbeat, feel the heartbeat This is De La Soul, it got a new heartbeat It go, uhh [De La Soul's Dove breaks into "Buddy"] A meany, meany, meany, meany (say what?) Meany, meany, meany, meany (say what?) Meany, meany, meany, meany, mean Meany, meany, meany, meany (say what?) Meany, meany, meany, meany (say what?) Meany, meany, meany, meany, mean (What what wha-what what?) Hello it's the soul Troopin in wit the Jungle patrol And this one's about the KO's the knockouts out there  Who's holdin my buddy - hold up, wait a minute! [Pos] Now just wait (just wait) We're gonna talk about Buddy on the stage (on the stage) But before we let open up the full gaze Make sure the numbers are straight out the Soul, the Soul, the Soul, the Soul [De La raps the Jungle Brothers verses] We got ahh, De La Soul from the soul Black medallions (and) no gold Hangin out wit Mase (who?) hangin out with Kahn (who?) Check it out now we got the shit goin in For the lap, Jimbrowski must wear a cap (cap) Just in case the young girl likes to clap (clap) Ain't for the win but for now I want my man Kahn to say a lil' somethin Aiyyo Kahn bust it! [Kahn raps in Japanese - very tough to discern live] [Kahn finishes in English] What? C'mon! C'mon! C'mon! C'mon! C'mon! Shit if you love to rock Let me hear you say YEAHHHHH Say YEAHHHHH Say YEAHHHHH Say De La Soul! (De La Soul) Say emcee Kahn! (Emcee Kahn!) Say S.D.P. (S.D.P.) Uhh, c'mon, c'mon, yeah [S.D.P. raps in Japanese - send if you know the verse] [De La Soul jumps back in] Check it out y'all, wha-what, wha-what, wha-what Yo; now when the Tribe, the Jungle, and De La Soul When you at the club, our ritual unfolds Grabbin of the bones, swingin of the hair (And then Jenny start flockin it everywhere) Cause Jenifa just wants to stay aware And all the fellas in the place c'mon, lemme hear you say Yeahhhh (yeahhhhh) Say hell yeah! (Hell yeah!) Say yeahhhhh (yeahhhhh) Say oh yeah~! (Oh yeah~!) Peace and love, S.D.P. and Kahn De La Soul, we up outta here y'all peace Peace and loooooooove! Word up, word up Vibrations, c'mon Peace out Tokyo!! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: De La Soul Album: Are You In?: Nike+ Original Run  Song: Big Mouf Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com [Posdnuos] Some say the game's real 'cause The Man didn't give us manuals to the game to make it big A corner boy tryna claim a smidge to keep all the right foods in the fridge Keep all the right dudes on the bridge When I get in, the captian seek Sorta liek James Kirk, but my name's Work-MATIC Here to adjust, the pros oppose to gettin froze than economy plus Link up with Erick and P. And do a whole collabo together, called +The Joint+, business class to run up in first so the biz can last Instead, the biz went to hell and got infiltrated by them mainstream infidels, so here to settle the score  Blow up the track to bits and leave nothing! No clause or claim, provoking a fear or fame Just know the name! It ain't De La, that's the group I'm in It ain't old school, that's the truth I blend And this will not be the realest shit I ever wrote But more real than theirs, so what that say about the words THEY spoke? I tell ya light and raw, you never find a black man with blue balls... Like you hard, sell a load every area code Domestic or inter-national, see that sounds a little un-rational Watch your step, you might TRIP! [Dave] Look out below, a nigga done fell in These rhymes are for sell, but it ain't gun sellin Tellin tales as such, that's just for liars Equipped with the hands to silence ya whole choir Deny her! She the one who started this nonsense Excuse me, I got issues of my consciences Flip like Geminis, in fact, I am just a Virgo Tee shot the bird to skeet skeets a burner to ya big mouf You can find us in the big house, invitin you to the doorstep where the raw's kept, the fourth step, broke I'ma take him if I got money on his mouth so I'ma move the cliff The right route, we break bread and make bread Charge a fam a fee for its mistake bread Good times, sometimes seem corrupt I put my shell on the book so we movin on up Confuse it all up, peep the rule of thumb I got consent from a king so a bitch can't run And beggars can't beg when the deaf don't hear If I'm blind to the facts, I see your bullshit clear And you been all year in my ear with your feathers Peacockin the boy, we droppin the boy Inserts volumes, twenty are dances It'll be sweet if you heard the advance... Now bring the chorus in [Chorus 2X: Dave] (Pos) SHOUT! Talk about it! Say somethin! (That's that SHIT right there!) You heard that? LOUDER! It's the BIG MOUF! [Posdnuos] The mirror shows me frowns when the money's tight Sometime you gotta go LEFT to get the money right And I'm NOT gonna be left behind Fuck all your phonecalls, Merce has left the line Whatever you need say, say it to Trent or Ray or Chris Ak, or Smilez No longer wanna hear it, unless it's the files of the MP3 Gottin me to spit the P, wit about five-letter Fs' attached While you in your ride screamin'.. (YO, what the hell did he say?!) (Man, bring that back!) A poor man's hope, a poor manhood Back in your egghead like yo... You niggas will NOT elude me! Helpin you remember wire the first, you should include me The Leo slash dragon, who pulled out the knife and SLASHED all four tires on the bandwagon! [Chorus 4X] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: (De La Soul) f/ Gina Loring Album: Are You In?: Nike+ Original Run Song: Poetic Greed Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com [Gina Loring] Greed got you thinkin you're speedin up, when you really slowing down Got your eyes bigger than anything your arms could ever fit around and still, you want more...always more... Satisfaction guaranteed but never comes Bend you backwards into believing it's your birthright to own the world Excessive, too many cars in the garage Bling on every finger, possessions pulling at you Poisoned by that money mentality Your vision ain't clear for them designer shades Can't even see the sky, only empty space to buy The pursuit of paper got you running so fast after that green Drowning in things, tangled in your own tenacity Desire for that dollar... Artist: De La Soul Album: Are You In?: Nike+ Original Run Song: We O.D. Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com [De La Soul] We O.D. on F-O-O-D We feed on ("war") Keep feedin on ("p-power"), keep feedin on ("conflict") Keep feedin on ("death"), we feed on ("status") We O.D. on F-O-O-D We feed on ("RUN") Keep feedin on ("cars"), we feed on ("party") Keep feedin on ("club"), keep feedin on ("stars") We O.D. on F-O-O-D We feed on ("rhythm") We feed on ("sound"), keep feedin on ("records") Keep feedin on ("truth"), we feed on ("nothing") We O.D. on F-O-O-D We feed on ("beats") Keep feedin on ("scratchin"), keep feedin on ("bip") We feed on ("r-rock"), we feed on ("madness") (Don't-d-don't-d-don't-don't-d-don't-d-don't Don't-d-don't-d-don't-don't-don't stop) (Don't-d-don't-d-don't-don't-d-don't-d-don't Don't-d-d-d-d-d-d-don't stop) (Don't-d-don't-d-don't-don't-d-don't-d-don't Don't-d-d-d-dd-d-d-don't-don't stop) (Don't-d-don't-d-don't-don't-d-don't-d-don't Don't-d-d-don't-d-don't-don't stop) [man in a vocoder] De La, baby baby Ain't no and, ifs, or maybes.. It's the uncut that'll pick you up De La, baby... It's the uncut that'll pick you up (DJ cuts "De La...") De La, baby baby Ain't no and, ifs, or maybes.. It's the uncut that'll pick you up De La, baby baby Ain't no and, ifs, or maybes.. It's the uncut that'll pick you up The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: De La Soul Album: Are You In?: Nike+ Original Run Song: Forever Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com [Posdnuos] Yo, and we won't stop rockin 'til we retire Since the economy is such in them dire straits That isn't an option, our theme is to be currency kings Throughbred, NYC borough bred We barrel through dirt and cracked open cement These lines with pen, while I was semi-bent The innocent Smilez {?} broke when he shook it Remind me when my grandma used to say my way need a brace 'cause my ways used just seems so crooked THe little black terror had a ball-bearer watcher Bear Mountain skater, peace out Premier take us out with the ("Forever") ...Peep out the transition  The ammunition that we shootin is ambition and implanted inside every history book We the crew who travel to every cranny and nook of the free world, freeing girls from they mate Fill us all with hate, I know if I answered and slide She move ahead back and forth instead of, {*Dave enters in*} side to side {*both*} This be that one to ride to [Dave] The one that jump inside of and make love to your mind I'm like that {nigga} baby A Vancouver lady, Amsterdam boy Sent to the earth to ambush at five point 1ne Radio decks I revamp cassettes  It's that digital age, ma, protect your credit card Plastic dope on lasso rope on Cowboy-style like giddy-up, she get {?} Perky like morning coffee Skin dark like coffee, {bitch} get off me Fixed her mouth to mouth off and she lost me in that Eve of the night, a plate of Monte Cristo, skip the disco We leave in the night, rules don't apply the theives in the nights Steal hearts like crooked card decks, with more facts Show her more moeny on the budget, you gotta love it Screams take flights liek spaceships at nights Now count it off - "T minus..." Reunited after degrees on September The leaves begin rushing, the earth'll felt for it Scores of faces, so we rock the bells for it Now the horses shouldn'ta done me like that, I make sure we got  glue for the summer, make due for the summer Nine hundred horns, we done blew a new number Drink with the king, I'm holdin on to 40s forever... Forever...Forever... Forever...Forever... Forever...Forever... Forever...Forever... Forever...Forever... Forever...Forever... Forever...Forever... Forever...Forever... Forever...Forever... Forever...Forever... Forever...Forever... Forever...Forever... Forever...Forever... Forever...Forev... Fore...Fo... ... ... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: First Serve (De La Soul) Album: De La Soul's Plug1 & Plug2 Present... First Serve Song: Opening Credits Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com [Intro: Jacob 'Pop' Life] Yo, I'm telling you man, we can do this man  It'll be easy! Come on man, it ain't a prison  It's a college dorm - an ALL-GIRLS college dorm With two chicks in it who wanna give us some ass! (What? Okay what bitch you wanna give me some...) [Deen 'D' Witter] Yeah, that's my man Jacob, we all call him Pop For the longest we've been callin him Pop Shit, I've never called P anything else but that I heard he got the name from his addiction to poppin bubble wrap Shoulda been 'cause he popped a LOTTA shit (Man, you know what my moms would do if I let you  drag me into this shit and we get caught doin it?) [Pop] That's my nigga D - short for Deen Known each other since Grade 4  and I've been cheatin off his homework since Grade 5 Yessir, best friends ever since then I guess I'm the Yang to the nigga Yin  'cause I always take chances while he's always playin it safe Yeah, we're different But the differences seem to compliment everything we do [Deen] Yo, Deen Whitter paw, major investment The first of a litter like a Georgetown mascot And you Toto stuck in a basket  and momma made a man of bein stuck with a bastard [Pop] Ha~! Good Lord, I was alone in the womb and so I came out too soon as a preemie Just so you could see me To be me is to be in the life of the jam 'Pop' Life y'all, that's who I am [Deen] Yessir, crown study it's that old boy grad (yea) Got up out the hood, I want that dough boy bag Me and P sign emerge and raise that index boss Stay heavy like a brand new Chevy truck [Pop] What the fuck? I'm not a dreadlock Rasta Just an asshole who crashed his brother's Mazda (while weeded!) I proceeded to unjam the door Limped to the drive-thru, ordered at number four [Deen] Drive through hop in parking lot practice Thou spit the verses if he begat this [Pop] Lack this? Most do, so toast to two who have nuff actions to back this [Deen] From the inner city blues to that cactus green we're gonna stur a bit of milk until we make it cream [Pop] Full steam ahead we ahead of the curb [Deen] (Pop) {both} It's Deen Witter (Pop Life) {WHO WANT THE FIRST SERVE?} [Pop] Yeah, that shit is crazy! Whoo! Yo-yo the cuts can go right here! (Yeah yeah, that'll be hot) This fuckin thing has Jam-Master Jay type cuts and shit (True true) And yo, we should get like about three girls to sing on this shit! [Deen] Why you always gotta get chicks like on it? [Pop] Yeah man, all the niggaz do that- {*sound of door knocking*} Yo... is that your moms, man? [Ma Witter] Open the do'! [D]: Yea, moms is knockin  [P]: Shit! [Ma]: Open this damn door, Deen!! Who lock this door?! [D]: {*whispers*} That was you [P]: Nah, that was you! [Ma]: Deen Lamont Witter! [D]: Yea, ma? [Ma]: Whatchu doin down there? You drinkin gin and juice? [P]: I'm 'bout to smoke this WEED! [D]: Nigga, put the weed away! She might come down here.. [P]: Yeah nigga, don't be so fuckin scared! [D]: Whatever [Ma]: You betta not be down there, smokin narcotic [D]: She drunk [Ma]: Takin them Ecstasys and Jalils [P]: Yo, yo moms say you do X? [D]: Hell naw nigga, you crazy [P]: So what the fuck is Jalil?!! [D]: S'all's good, she just like Whodini [P]: Whodini? {*speaks louder to Ma*} Uhh, it's just Ecstasy, Miss Witter [Ma]: Who the fuck is that?!! Maurice?! [P]: Naw, it's Jacob, Miss Witter [Ma]: JACOB?! [P]: Yeah! [Ma]: AWWW HAIL MARY, COME WITH ME~!!  [D]: Oh.. God.. [Ma]: WHAT do we have here now? [P]: Oh, she's drunk [Ma]: Y'all in there rappin, you still at it, huh? [D]: She 'bout to talk college [Ma]: Two fools with a college education, what they say?    It was all a dream, wasn't it?!    I guess y'all two down there still sleep   I ain't squeeze yo' little ass out of me   so you go get shot over some East Coast/West Coast pork! [P]: ..It's actually, BEEF, Miss Witter [D]: Yo... [Ma]: Shut the fuck up, Maurice!! [P]: It's Jacob, Miss Witter [D]: YO!! [J]: Not John, not Johnny, not Joe, Jacob [Ma]: WHAT?! Oh I know your name, boy!   Now hold on, lemme tell you somethin! [P]: I mean, you barely know me since the third grade [D]: Aw, you gotta stop.. [Ma]: Whatchu need to do, is go wrap ya ass around a job call   and DON'T LET GO!! Ya heard me? Now open this door, Deen!   OPEN THIS DOOR, DEEN!! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: First Serve (De La Soul) Album: De La Soul's Plug1 & Plug2 Present... First Serve Song: Pushin' Aside, Pushin' Along Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com [Deen] How I'ma get to be the King of New York, when the Queen in the crib  be killin my knights and the horse it rode in on? (word)  She swear the Fresh Prince gon' fail +Parents Just Don't Understand+, I'm just tryin to get my kid on Posin in the mirror, designer stone chisel into DMC A pedigree M, a better me than them Shit, I'm chasin this bus  and once we get on, P, it's all about is! [Pop]: Yeah, but you can be a lawyer [Deen]: But I'm down by law [Ma Witter]: Or a doctor, baby! [Deen] Sorry mom, I'm a microphone fiend Addicted to the concept of rollin with a team and rollin up sleeves in some boss' office? That orbit's in the mind of another man Switch that undergrad over to this other plan but she snapped back at me like a rubber band More concerned cause she swam in the gutter (C'mon Ma~!) I just wanna cop her crib  and pops, well I don't know him His position on the bill is a veto All I ask is that I be treated as an equal Man, this lack of support seems illegal C'mon, Mom! Through the doubt and the stress, my eyes are glued to it If it all goes wrong, I won't push it aside or push it along And through the stress and the doubt, my eyes are glued to it Like the words in this song, we just pushin aside or pushin along C'mon [Pop] Yep! Detention from the parent  They just want the best (They want yo' ass out the nest) without fallin Explainin to them this is my callin is like wearin a pack that has the parachute that might, not open and anyway, they shouldn't even be descending  (in their minds) upwards with your wings extending (Flight time) is the best way but I'm listenin to what my heart and MY chest say I want the rap game, my moms just wanna pray on it Pops like, "Don't even spend another day on it!" He keeps puttin me down, said I'm ridin  with my hobby in the front seat (responsibilities in the trunk) and really need to just switch it around Unplug the dream, push it along My talent in these streets is pusher of the song Put smiles on the pretty girls' face (and) strength in the dude's embrace, when he's givin me dap You can see it in their eyes that this nigga can rap But my father? Said I need a real blue collar Can't support a family with a few dollars  but the damage is done, your son's a fiend  for microphone and break beats and drum machines  with a large crowd yellin out "Pop and Deen!" It's a swerve from the First Serve, makin 'em lean (You know it!) Through the stress and all the doubt, my eyes'll stay glued to  Like the words in this song, just push it aside, and push it along Through the doubt and stress, my eyes are glued And if it all goes wrong, we just push it aside or push it along [Pop] They're like, "Mo' pain, problems, mo' stress" I'm like "Mo' lanes, albums mo' blessed" They're like, "Not cheerin it, not even hearin it" when I'm talkin about I'm tryin to be a pioneer in it They're like, "It's not the real job to fall on" I'm like, "It's what my soul seems to call on" I wanna hear 'em say, "Jay, we support you" but still in all, I gotta do what I gotta do [Deen] Yeah, and I'ma ride with 'em, good and bad times Let these dog eat doggy step right out, and play the chef See this thing is like good hot love I cater to the concept of push and no shove Debated in the halls I used to slam doors shut Miss Parental Advisory was keepin her eyes on me But this little piggy's tryin to tour the world with the blessings of his number one girl, I can do this mom! Through the doubt and the stress, my eyes stay glued  And if it all goes wrong, I'ma push it aside or push it along And through the stress and all the doubt, aiyyo my eyes are so glued to it And like the words in this song, we just pushin aside or pushin along [Moms] Okay, okay.. You sound focus baby (I am, mom)  I'm gonna let you find your way You go be your big rap star and make momma proud (Yea) ..you gon' buy me a car though, right? Sittin on aluminum [Pop]: Aluminum? Yo, she's bananas yo [Deen]: That's my mom [Pop]: She's really bananas... It's "sittin' on chrome", Miss Witter [Moms]: I heard that! Fuck you, Maurice!! [Deen]: Oh shit! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: First Serve (De La Soul) Album: De La Soul's Plug1 & Plug2 Present... First Serve Song: The Work Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com [Intro: First Serve] Yeah, (yeah man) Yeah!  (Aight let's do it man, c'mon) One two and ah Can I kick it? Well ah, yes you can Can I kick a hole in the speaker and then jet? Well of course you can! First Serve's the best yet Can I kick a hole in the speaker and then jet? My nigga yes you can, First Serve's the best kept! [Pop] I play the intro, middle, ending back to the intro Reborn to bring NEW beginnings How many lives, have you ran through? I think I'm on number five, came back strivin  for the same thing, the GAME thing Microphone remain king, yeah my need they say it's in the blood, and in my thoughts as well Since the days of the, ways of the walk  through the park in the BX, me and D got next Verbal push-ups, titles, concepts, beats  Yo D, it's time to eat! [Deen] ..And with this gravy Make fritters out of these tater sacks, you quarterbacks  ought to back it up two yards, we bought it back  That old chord mic's the prototype connect it like Siamese deep in the work Sweat a Hi-C packet a day, now sip on that ("Let me be") At the front of the line ("It was plain to see") Cause it's our time ("It's over now") in bright lights surrounded by skirts ("You had me found, you shot me down")  Pop Life & Deen Whitter, we puttin in work! Work! Work! (Work!) Work! (Work!) Work! (Work!) Work! Work! (Work!) Work! (Work!) Work! (Work!) Work! (Yeah!) Work (Yeah!) Work! (Yeah!!) Work! (Yeah!!) Work! (Yeah!!) Work! (Yeah!!) Work (Yeah!!) Work! (Yeah!!) WORK WORK WORK! [Deen] (Pop) Can't a monkey stop us in this bar game The guitar lickin the far lane Yo I got crazy visions~! (Nigga, put 'em on paper!) The contracts, contacts puffin haze per page and Almanac of ideas for five years Book stick it in that "I so solemnly swear" joint Economy scare point (Yo, studio costs is for horses!) Nigga we can play the mule and get Pro Tools and show fools the A-game, set up in the crib and live [Pop] (Deen) Word! Man, but yo..  I'm on that song ass first, I'm on the last verse Finish line 24 but I got 20 more things I gotta do  like, make the name up for the crew Might call it Witter Pop! (Naw, nigga that's wack) Yeah you right, yo did you find a studio? (Yeah I came across two you know the one Ken-doo talk about?   The other one's called Odyssey) Oh yeah yeah, let's take it there man I heard it's more private, B ("Let me be") At the front of this shit ("It was plain to see") We the number one pick ("It's over now") in bright lights surrounded by skirts ("You had me found, you shot me down")  Pop Life & Deen Whitter, we puttin in work! Work! (Yeah!) Work! (Yeah!) Work! (Put it in!) Work! (Yeah!) Work! (Yeah!) Work (Yeah!!) Work! (Yeah!!!) Work! (Yeah!!!!) Work! (Yeah~!) Work! (Yeah`!) Work! (Yeah!!) Work! (YEAH!!) WORK WORK WORK! [Deen]: Aiyyo, we spent many years [Pop]: brushin the plaque off the teeth [Deen]: It's time to switch gears [Pop]: and place the plaques underneath the roof [Deen]: The gold ones [Pop]: was platinum plus much better {both}: The right contract bring the right con-CHEDDAR [Deen]: And we ain't cons [Pop] So just like Etta +At Last+ We have to blast through, anybody ask you Who works harder? You say First Serve Try to say different, say you got some nerve! [Deen] See you got some herbs that gon' hate  The Band-Aid is for dem boys! Nikita La Femme boys! [Deen & Pop] The key to the city is ours The broads, the house, the cars The sky's the limit, the stars Shalamars in it, there it is! [Deen] But what took you so long? The energy's a tall glass of milk, the secret's best kept in the basement, potential amazement Until we hit the surface of the pavement, PEACE! ("Let me be") At the front of the line ("It was plain to see") Cause it's our time ("It's over now") in bright lights surrounded by skirts ("You had me found, you shot me down")  Pop Life & Deen Whitter, we puttin in work! Work! (Work!) Work! (Work!) Work! (Work!) Work! (Yeah!) Work! (Get it in!) Work! (Yeah!) Work! (Yeah!) Work! (Yeah!) Work! (Work!) Work (Work!) Work! (Work!) Work! (Work!) Work! (Work!!) Work (Work!!) Work (Work!!) Work! (Work!!) WORK WORK WORK! [Outro: Pop] We got the work alright Ken-Doo put a plan together, got us organized Studio time, little shows here and there, AND means! But, things weren't happenin overnight now.. Shit, days became weeks, weeks into months And months? Months turned into doubt {*sigh*} What we gon' do now? The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: First Serve (De La Soul) Album: De La Soul's Plug1 & Plug2 Present... First Serve Song: Small Disasters Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com {*alarm clock buzzes until Deen turns it off*} [Deen] {*yawns*} "Good morning heartache, it's a pleasure to meet you" I said staring in the mirror in search of weakness Shit am I the loose link? Madam Medus ink? Pace movin slower than a statue frozen Starving artist, more like hostage Easily composed in mail and poastage Mailbox empty though, no respondents Chasin condiments, I need to catch up/ketchup Beats are bangin, but ain't no bangin back Sorry Charlie, no gold ticket  (Cricket, cricket) Sound bites are hunger  Put so much work in, but ain't no work out  and ain't no ringtone in lonely doubt's ears It's lonely out here, phony out here like T.I. +U Don't Know Me+ out here A smidgen of set-back sets in.. [Pop] For weeks we wore the game face travellin place to place Conventions (seminars) talent shows near and far Travelled the south to let them know the name Out THEY mouth shout a ghost of Ichabod Crane Yo, could it be that we ain't good D?! Nah, they just hatin (or really ain't relatin) Feelin a little homesick, rather be at home with  them corner boys talkin that everyday home shit But when at the crib, anxiety sets in I didn't set a "Plan B", understand me? We need to get a hold on "Plan A" Cause I'm NOT tryin to live on minimum pay (This shit is takin too long yo) Yeah I told you bro The old man's at the crib like "I told you so" And mom's still prayin, I hope she ask God to  open them doors to the game so we can get the play in [Deen] The second act curtains almost by nature The wage is mental, bettin this won't happen Change in the caption is not for captain  Neither co-pilot, the colder silent and in creeps Miss Doubt-fire's comfort Tits danglin in front of, tanglin my thoughts Departs from confines of my confidence  Broken egos, small disasters  Even in plaster, limbs will not heal  I'm armin myself, charming I self Lord and Master, show me a sign Not for nothin Lord, show me [Pop] Wasn't it good with that Spalding but excellent with the golf clubs Scream WHOOOA~!! Smash the window to the car door (Reach in) grab, sprint back to the lab You would think I didn't have any sense  but my sense of worth was still growin, so was my dreams of being kids from Queens beings managed by Lyor Cohen  and Russell Rush (Rick Rubin doin them beats) A month later on stage with Adidas on my feet but right now worry's on my mind I'm still gon' climb (not stoppin) if the beats stop rockin I'll beat hand and fist with skills on the table {*phone rings*} Hello? [Deen]  NIGGA!! Kindoo said we got the deal with the label, B! [Pop]  WHAAT? [Dean] My word! [Pop]  Don't fuck with me man, you playin! [Deen] Nah I'm not playin, +YOU+ playin! Nigga I'm goin shoppin We on Goon Time, bitch~! See you at the mall The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: First Serve (De La Soul) f/ Kinny Album: De La Soul's Plug1 & Plug2 Present... First Serve Song: We Made It Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com [Intro: Deen] WOOO~! What did I tell niggaz? What the fuck did I tell niggaz?! Did I not tell niggaz this shit was gon' happen (Looks like we made it..) What did I tell niggaz? I told y'all niggaz this deal was comin thru I told y'all we was gon' get this muh'fuckin money (Looks like we made it..) I'm tellin you, we the FUCK outta here Fuck err'thing else, we outta here! (Looks like we made it..) Fuck all this college shit, leave all that shit behind! We the fuck out! We the fuck out (Looks like we made it..) Don't even pack a bag Let's get the fuck outta here NOW! Get the money, let's GO! [Pop] (Looks like we made it..) Yeah, no longer throwin back  from burgers from outta Mickey's arches (Look like I made it..)  I now eat the pricey seafood with all my starches (Look like I made it..) And even when it's cloudy  I got some sunshine for the pocket (Look like I made it..) Smashed the Mazda  So for my bro, the Range Rover I copped it [Deen] (Look like I made it..) See Whitter got plans to see a different landscape in his life (Look like I made it..) Save the diet for when I'm dead and gone I'm tryin to eat cake in this life (Look like I made it..) Put on airs and walk through the mall 'til we can't walk through them all (Look like I made it..) Cop four-door 44s'  and put my fam up in it all [Chorus: Kinny] (Looks like we made it..) I'm gonna find my chance again (Looks like we made it..) and seal this rhyme (Looks like we made it..) I'm gonna sort my times again (Looks like we made it..) Feelin good, seekin things and hold my wins in liii-iii-ine (Looks like we made it...) [Deen] (Look like I made it..)  Add to the list to assist them rappers, who spit live bars [Pop] (Look like I made it..) Down with them constellations  We stayin in nothin less than five stars (Look like I made it..) Yes, won't even feel stressed  at the poker game when I blow money (easy~!) [Deen + Pop] Now we are here claimin, like Marlon and Damon  +Mo' Money, Mo' Money+ [Deen] (Look like I made it..)  And I'm gon' get a fatty each night, make her say daddy each night [Pop] (Look like I made it..) Say I reach for the stars and stretchin my arms, tryin to get my reach right [Deen] (Look like I made it..) The whole team plays, we cop haze outta mayonnaise jars [Deen + Pop] (Look like I made it..) Want {?} and boutiques goin to shop like there's no tomorrow [Pop] (Looks like I made it..) Pop Life and Bacardi make the life of the party last long (Look like I made it..) Spillin drinks everywhere got 'em like ("What's... wrong?") Check it out (Look like I made it..) And it feels good, puttin money back in my city (LOOK LIKE..) Lil' shorty now feelin inspired like a little train  that goes +Chitty Chitty BANG BANG!+ [Deen] (Look like I made it..) Executive plush the back of the bus Puttin work in the streets (Look like I made it..) And momma can sleep and get the late hours off her feet (Look like I made it..) Fuck grams I'm tryin to hold fans I don't even know yet (Look like I made it..) Whole lotta chances and checks we're tryin to get (Looks like we made it..) [Outro: Kinny] I had a vision of a golden lucky dream Charmed out the way that I could see I saw a lucky charm that made it oh so sweet I know I'm here to stay, to see, to feel But something's got me holdin on Something's got me sweet Looks like we make iiiit Looks like we made iiiit (Looks like we made it..) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: First Serve (De La Soul)  Album: De La Soul's Plug1 & Plug2 Present... First Serve Song: Must B the Music Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com [Intro: female radio DJ] You're still on YMPG Radio, folks Be prepared, First Serve, the song "Must B the Music" It's already on heavy rotation, aww and it's funky! It's disco! It's hip-hop! And it's CLASSIC! (Do... Don't... Do... Don't...) [Pop] I do boom bap, don't do coon rap Don't mind a little radio on my goon rap (We do it for the love!) Yeah, the love of money Use it to pay for food so don't go hungry Do trips for Caribbean, do skiing (Don't mind me!) Just do it so free Want the good life? Don't delay Why put off tomorrow what I could do today? [Deen] Aiyyo, been there done that murder, gun rap Paid dues don't pay checks so run that High hopes don't sleep don't do cheap seats Up front, onstage, where the fun's at Glistenin diamonds, see me shinin Dudes do they best to scratch my grind in There they like, "Who dunnit?" so yo who want it? Don't believe the hype, you Simple Simon (Must be the music!) Got me in a trance, makin me high (Must be the music!) No escapin this, don't even try (Must be the music!) Got me in a trance, makin me high (Must be the music!) No escapin this, don't even try It's them do's and don'ts, them do's and don'ts It's them do's and don'ts, them do's and don'ts [Deen] Okay, do's: you love 'em, tell 'em, hug 'em Make 'em high on life without havin to drug 'em Don't dare ignore 'em, lie or bore 'em Holla at they sister, mom or cousin Do the dishes but don't break the china Don't make faces especially not behind her Don't get caught, make sure gifts are brought like WAY before her birthday or get it the worst way Wine, CHAMPAGNE, tickle her with bubbles If she say do it, do that shit on the double! Break up, make up, don't hold no grudges Make sure you tell her if her make-up smudges Compliment her hair, do fuckin more CHAMPAGNE  You need to do it for the get-it girl campaign Wife her, life her, exchange the I do's Anniversary? Don't let her remind you! [Pop] I don't carry no firearms I don't carry that security with guns-for-hire arms What I will do is mind my own If it ain't my concern, I leave it alone (Unless) it's a fly girl then I do the right thing Make it a night thing (and do the do!) and if she don't refrain from the choo choo trains We'll let it all hang and she do the crew  (All ABOARD~!)  I do a lotta things that don't make sense What I don't do is ride the fence Hence, the reason for the season of the haters Who jump on stage and get bathed in tomatoes Due to the mic that we use to clash in Comparison to us, other emcees trash Don't got the skills? Don't pursue it It ain't nobody else's fault (SO DON'T DO IT! FREEZE!) {*whispers*} ...When the music comes back, sing the chorus please [Outro: Ken-Doo] This single was gettin love everywhere We's makin history, baby And the way I was workin these dudes, it was CASH money The one thing you do learn about managin a group? Personalities clash and that success, it don't last forever  Check this out... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: First Serve (De La Soul)  Album: De La Soul's Plug1 & Plug2 Present... First Serve Song: The Book of Life Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com Friends, how many have 'em? How long before they split like atoms? Don't ask me, but what I do stand behind is someone havin your back, seems hard to find You know the line, "Don't judge the book by its cover" Read every page cause the nigga's my brother But it shoulda stated, that the book's on one's life  is always upgraded (so open the book!) [Pop] ...Aight, business.. page 9, right? Yo, sun's out so momma's first son's up Between me and Deen, I'm the first one up Ready to grind, always on time for any interview, face-to-face, even online Knocked out about fo' befo', Deen stumbles through the door groggy, last night foggy, so unprofessional! [Deen] What? You wanna hold a congressional hearing on this shit? C'mon, Pop, quit! [Pop] (Deen) This is how we is when it comes to the biz Off-point, off-centered  and when you point it out, he gets ill-tempered Promoter of the show's pissed cause the spot had a curfew but Hurricane Whitter blew through  and made the mess of the date (Yeah, I got here late, and?) We only did four songs, 'spose to do more songs  Now Ken-doo dealin with the riot and the venue, yeah [Deen] (Pop) Crazy.. got this shit right here, on page 63 Aiyyo, little kid's sis insists she knows me Backstage access, aspiring actress She gon' be the candidate to get this caucus  Of course my campaign is interrupted  Jacob's fury, he's wearing a helmet  Penile pad like he's Mr. Cockney I ain't buyin it, he can't sell it I'll redial Madlock, the verdict is sloppy We used to split the rations, trios mnages But now I got a private car parked garages All on my front seat, he playin like bumper cars (I think yo' bitch likes me!) Nigga she's neither one of ours He on the bitch strong so I'ma play passive Now she sayin she gotta go home - YOU BASTARD! Damn, I'm in the gooddamn dirt like a shovel  outta work with a pay stub and earnin NO love [Pop] Oh yeah I'll open the book! Yeah let me open it for you I'll turn to the page for you motherfucker It's right here! Look right here! It's like the harmonica sounds of black clouds around Word around the campfire you said I'm a tramp buyer Nigga, I don't pay for hoes~! Unlike you who disappears for DAYS for hoes [Deen] Well here go Captain Paper-Frozen, Salad-That's-Frosty The only dude in the group with a personal glossy Personal transport, champion hand sport Caught him yankin the cord, this dude is boss [Pop] And the Lord won't save us even though we need saving Can't even wrestle it, now it's all desolate Like B.B. said, "The thrill is dead" And the afterlife, it's trife to stay in the red [Deen] But I'm stayin ahead, one lesson to thank you Stow a skunk in the street cred and one in the bank too Far gone but ain't far enough to see through Word is you did a solo album with your people But life ain't that Pop, you ain't no show stopper Send the boys over to crown you when- [Pop] Hey what the fuck you just say? Yo stop the tape! {*music stop*} Yo, WHAT THE FUCK YOU JUST SAY?! [Deen] Nigga, I said what you heard! [Pop] Oh, uh-huh.. please... and WHAT THE FUCK DID I JUST HEAR? [Deen] Oh, it's like that Pop? ...It's on now The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: First Serve (De La Soul)  Album: De La Soul's Plug1 & Plug2 Present... First Serve Song: Clash Symphony Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com [Intro: Pop] (Goon Time) (Yeah!) One two, one two (It's Goon Time baby~! The streets is ours!) That's right I made that name First Serve, I'ma serve my shit first (Cause we heard it first! Big shout out to my man Chokolate!) King's Hill, Trinity Ave., man y'all stand the fuck up on this one (It's the break-up! Pop Life, Deen Witter!) You already know what it is (and aaaaaaaAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHH...) [Pop] Platinum on plaques live infinite flying elite It's Pop Life! (Pop Life!) Many done heard  the word about this bird nigga, Deen Quitter Gave himself a pink slip, dude couldn't handle  Scared to get his hands dirty (Peeeeeace!) Tony Randall, these episodes of Odd Couples' cancelled  Devoid of simpty (meaning) not in sync  Could give a FUCK of what you think yo, but watch what you say I wasn't raised for you to tiptoe through them two lips (nah) Don't get knocked on ya ass from from what's passed through lips I'm equipped with that one two check, shot out the syringe  We merge into the traffic, travel throughout your body  to relay the classic hymns - (HOLLOWED BE THY NAAAAME)  Your name's hollow and your fame shoulda followed Face it yo, your glow is diminishing While your new nemesis is findin that genesis No need for tissue cause there's no need for crying Life's the main issue even when lives are dying The world'll keeps spinnin without givin an eye blink (SO?) So I'ma keep spendin while I'm rockin on my minks (Yeah!) And don't even think this in your little subordinates to my coordinates I send 'em right to Jesus' crib Think I'm talkin crazy? Yes I'm very! Fuck you and your mom, she look like Tyler Perry with a wig, nigga! [Ma Witter] (Goon Time) (Uh-oh, it ain't over now!) It's Part 2 in this bitch! (Goon Time!) You fuckin with the wrong group of people Lenore Agnes Witter (I'ma let momma tell it) You fuckin heard MY name! We do this shit nigga! Ya heard me?? YA HEARD ME?? Get they ass, baby (GET 'EM!) [Deen] (Ma) Wack niggaz fantasize of borrowin flows Tell the big mouth that the bank is closed The shit I stand for is off-limit to challengers (Yeah baby) You twirl the baton while I'm swingin this Excalibur (Bitch nigga!) And ma co-signed it, peep you're side-windin Brokeback Mountain-ass climbin Shoulda known blood didn't mix with vinegar You sinister, ya hot cha-cha hand is soiled Caught up in the cake mix, you're expired and wasted The only runnin the streets you doin is with laced-up Asics You're basic; see this boy's a boiled egg Soft on the outside, his whole core is yellow My man Acapello said he heard you up the block runnin your mandies He had a full clip in the candy He was ready to take the w/rapper off, applaud your physical and BURP you Nigga you a purple hanky (You a purple hanky, bitch!) A young prince fuckin with Doughboy The only +Boyz n the Hood+ you got, is a car mechanic You are a panic! A gamut of audible ass whippins is lined up Tear that behind up - hey easy! It's men here, take your pumps off You ain't a hoe, you just a jump-off Call a nigga Froggy (Uh-uh, call that nigga Maurice!) See me in the streets, I'm like the "DA-DANT DAAAAAAAAAAAAN~!!!" (That's right, Deen Witter, bitch!) [Outro: Ken-Do] (Goon Time) (uh-uh, looks like it's gon' get ugly up in this one!) Shit, damn right it got ugly I mean, brother against brother  {That's my WORD! If I see that nigga in the streets, I'ma BUST HIS ASS..} Fam takin sides and shit  {Aiyyo, ya man Pop, he always pussy} I mean the fucked-up thing about it, the nigga Goon Time He profittin on the whole thing! (Yeah!) What we gon do now? It's all fucked-up now, it's all fucked up now [Pop] Yeah it was fucked-up for a minute Yo, I wind up layin low for 'bout four months But after they came and kicked down Goon Time's door (OH!) I had to BOUNCE! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: De La Soul Album: Breakadawn 12" Song: The Dawn Brings Smoke (Ah one two, ah one two)  (Ah one two, ah one two)  (Ah one two, ah one two)  (Ah one two, ah one two)  (Breakadawn, breakadawn)  (Breakadawn, breakadawn)  (Breakadawn, breakadawn)  (Breakadawn, breakadawn) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: De La Soul Album: Breakadawn 12" Song: Hsubakcits Hsubakcits, hsubakcits, hsubakcits, hsubakcits Hsubakcits, hsubakcits, hsubakcits, hsubakcits Hsubakcits, hsubakcits, hsubakcits, hsubakcits The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: De La Soul Album: Breakadawn 12" Song: Stickabush Stickabush, stickabush, stickabush, stickabush Stickabush, stickabush, stickabush, stickabush Stickabush, stickabush, stickabush, stickabush Stickabush, stickabush, stickabush, stickabush Stickabush, stickabush, stickabush, stickabush Stickabush, stickabush, stickabush, stickabush Stickabush, stickabush, stickabush, stickabush Stickabush, stickabush, stickabush, stickabush Stickabush, stickabush, stickabush, stickabush Stickabush, stickabush, stickabush, stickabush Stickabush, stickabush, stickabush, stickabush Stickabush, (Uh-huh) stickabush, (Oh yeah)  Stickabush, (Oh yeah) stickabush, stickabush  Stickabush, stickabush, stickabush, stickabush Stickabush, stickabush, stickabush (Bullshit!) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: De La Soul f/ Native Tongues Album: Buddy 12" Song: Buddy (Remix) Typed by: OHHLA.com [Dove] Meany, meany, meany, meany, meany (Say what?) Meany, meany, meany, meany, meany (Say what?) Meany, meany, meany, meany, meany, meany (Oh, you gotta do that again, Dove) Meany, meany, meany, meany, meany (Say what?) Meany, meany, meany, meany, meany (Say what?) Meany, meany, meany, meany, meany, mean (OK) Hello, it's the Soul Troopin in with the Jungle patrol And this ones about the KO's, the knockouts out there Who I call my buddy Hold up (Wait a minute) [Pos] Now just wait, we're gonna talk about Buddy on this plate But before we let the herd out the gate Make sure the levels are straight out the jungle (The Jungle, the Jungle, the Brothers, the Brothers) [Afrika] De La Soul, from the soul Black medallions, no gold Hangin out with Pos, hangin out with Mase Buddy, buddy, buddy all in my face [Mike G] For the lap, Jimbrowski must wear a cap Just in case the young girl likes to clap Ain't for the wind but before I begin I initiate the buddy with a slap [Phife] Now drop the beat, for the Phifer from A Tribe Called Quest When I see Buddy, I will never half step I'll just do her Tribal style and then jet The Buddy that I like is to be sexy and nice Just good enough for the one they call Phife A brown skin Buddy with shoulder length hair Nice firm breasts and a round derrierre [Q-Tip] Now for the next, I'm the Q-Tip from A Tribe Called Quest And when I quest for the Buddy, I don't fess For my jimmy wants nothing but the best (the best) The best (Ooh Wee!) Let's stick out the jimmy and see what we can catch (Stick 'em up, stick 'em up jimmy) Next won't be needed unless (Jenny wanna get right to the flesh) [Afrika] Dancin on the dance floor Girl, it's you that I adore Step off stage, they scream for more Native Tongues got rhymes galore [Mike G] Snap my fingers, make you mine If not, I'll snap a second time After that, I guarantee You will be standing next to me [Afrika] Fly buddy (buddy) don't you know you make me go nutty (nutty) I'm so glad that you're not a fuddy duddy (duddy) Not too skinny and not too chubby (chubby) Soft like silly putty Miss Crabtree (Crabtree) I hope that you're not mad at me Cuz I told you that it was your buddy (buddy) That was making me ever so horny (horny) Junglelistically horny [Pos] I won't lie, I love B-U-D-D-Y Cuz I never let it walk on by When it comes to me and Jenny, I seem (very serious) Like a big friend Buddy is an act that occurs on the lip When Jenny and Jimmy start shootin the gift Boy let me get shot, I won't even riff [Dove] On the dial, my Buddy talks to me for a while Plug Two is the (Q-Tip: Q to her Tip) On the A-side or sometimes the flip (word up) Buddy, is the bud to my daisy tree  And the luuden to my do-re-mi And the pleaser to my man Plug Three (Plug Three gets the whole caboodle) [Mike G] Behind my bush, my Buddy likes the way that I push And like a champ, just knock it on out Never ever once sellin out (Well let loose the juice) My Buddy helps me to (De La my Soul) Keepin Jimmy in total control Without Buddy, I'd be on a roll [Monie Love] Now as the lady I thought that Jungle and Quest and Soul would just maybe Give me the chance to say that I get crazy Due to the fact I let Buddy amaze me As a matter of fact, it pleases me in many ways I decided that it was time for Monie Love to say That when it comes to the three, you know that I don't play Cuz to me chasin Buddy is the perfect way (perfect way) To spend the day (to spend the day) [Q-Tip and Queen Latifah] Oooh child, things are gettin a little easier Oooh Buddy gets easier (yeah) Oooh child, things are gettin a little easier Oooh Buddy gets easier [Q-Tip] Girl, I heard you're lookin for some good times If you Quest from the Soul, here's what we'll find Whole lotta fun, lots of fun together Just like kissin cousins(Yeah, that's kinda clever) Close like bosoms, bosoms stay close If you be my Buddy, I won't toast That we're like Ethel Mertz and Lucille MacGillicuddy You can be mine and I can be your Buddy [Dove] The best Buddy's in evening wear Long lovin less Tru know (he's in there) I feel sorry for those who pay a fare (a fee?) Word to the D I don't beg, I just tease my Buddy with my right leg (ha-ha) And when it's ready what's said is Buddy is best in bed (Word to the D) [Afrika] Buddy buddy told us all to get into a circle Said don't bug because I won't hurt you All I really wanna do is freak you (You know what? She freaked us) [Mike G] And I watched and then I checked my Swatch to see the time The Soul had formed a Buddy line And that Buddy was mine, all mine [Pos] Now when Quest, Jungle and De La Soul  Is at the club, our ritual unfolds Grab our bones and start swingin our hands (Then Jenny start flockin in everywhere) Cuz Jennifer just wants to stay aware Yo fellas, should we keep her aware (Mmm, Hmm...yeah!!!) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: De La Soul f/ A Tribe Called Quest Album: Clear Lake Auditorium Song: Sh. Fe. MC's Typed by: scott_rodkey@hotmail.com 	We are here to tell the world just who we are 	Shocking female (MC's), shocking female (MC's) (Repeat 2x) Verse 1: Phife No need for, introductions, cause I know you know my name and Knocking MC's out the frame and, putting them suckers to shame and I live for hip-hop, so I have no time for fun and games and So just come and peep the unique styles we are displaying The beat's just ridiculous, the lyrics articulate Feels good, as if a girl just touched her clitoris Sucker MC's, I'm killing 'em, I'm so sick of seeing 'em Silly (shit) when they rhyme, like that red rugby shirt worn by Gilligan Plus the hat, they (shit) is wack When you see me coming take ten steps back I make usage of the pronouns, adjectives, verbs My granny says "You always had a way with words" And that's because my word is bond, lyrics are laws Sucker MC's look at me like I'm friggin' eye sore Verse 2: Posdnuos Heere comes a brother hipping others on the style they lack I've always rhymed abstract, I even know the brother named Abstract I am the earner of the soul in mine Forget the physical cause the physical will die with time I'm shaped to vibrate in definite proportions Of the kids who need the fix (Just listen to the mix) I got the knowledge constant for the rubbishing Like (niggas) use the Clinton loops as if they owned the publishing Gums be bleeding from illegal feeding on my verb I bring the Mardi Gras to your face I outwit vipers in my rhyme cipher I can easily lick them cause they're victims of the subconscious race Tossing periods in front of false reps? It's not the 187 when the 360 slept You swallow the cake from the plate of elevate Or you might get sparked by the crew who got the weight So recessitating rap like the hicks do with Presley It's the kid who peed the jeans in Orleans off of Nesley Sh. Fe. MC number nine, if you let me rhyme nine times infinitely I will climb I let my Walkman from Sony play cassettes from Raboni Which guarantees to put me on the narrow road Ayo, that's it from me, Plug 3, and Ali explode! Verse 3: Q-Tip When I rhyme, the effect just ripples You sound sick, I hope your cells get sickles You formulate into real stiff (shit) Then I bet that it cut the chit chit Cause the Ab will, be sharper than a Ginsu Cutter or your bum (ass) head for the gutter This is not a game and we ain't looking for the fame That ain't the aim, we came to rip the jam out the frame My inter-reaction with paper is amazing So needless to say mad trails are left blazing A whole lot of bull(shit) rhymes start to get play But I'm here to say real rhymes to pay I'm the type of brother that writes until my knuckles get nary And through the domepiece, the rhymes will carry Then transported to my throat then the quotes hit the air As I stand dipped with the wares Rhymes get slot times, move back from the jack It's the verbal constructor, some MC's is wack I make a girl do the bogle, doo doo brown and all Make (niggas) jump up, drink Don, and have a ball I ainimate the unlively with the verbal combat The Abstract, never the wack Motivator of the many like Moses Moving through, bringing danger to the dummies that poses That means you the sub relator of the sub culture Like a vulture I swoop down on crowns, cause confusion all around Mental burdens I bring to MC's who sing They sad songs, money, your dough's not long Mine on the other hand is lengthy type The Abstract gets real, real, real Verse 4: Dove Real down to Earth I hit the Long Island Rail You never see me tango with the horn and the tail I got the kid for your mind I design it like sender Smoking made hope from my neighbors, and the 50/50 luck takes the "S" off my chest Cause the "S" on my chest makes a mess Settling for Superman, stupid man, put on your glasses Now your (ass) be slow guessing like molasass Continue the menu, next on the platter Hey where that (bitch) at? (He's right here boy!) I gotta see what I got and who I'm getting it with This ain't no nickle dime game that I'm peddling with Mikie Rose said "Stop riding, it be dividing Taking me out how I be vibing" Packing hard like pistol but my pops got the crystal Told me if I ever need it just *whistle* Respects to Griff Dog for the razor Much respects to Joe but for the favor It's about a million brothers trying to be MC's in this world I'm glad I got a baby girl The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: De La Soul f/ Grandmaster Caz, Tito of The Fearless Four,       Whipper Whip, LA Sunshine, & Superstar Album: Clear Lake Auditorium Song: Stix & Stonz Typed by: scott_rodkey@hotmail.com Chorus: All If you can dig it, deal with it, if you can't, just forget it Cause nobody rocks the party like we Get loose, get loose, Sunshine get loose Just rock, and show 'em you got juice And have, have, have, have, have, have, have fuuuuuuun! Verse 1: LA Sunshine I know it's been a while since the last time You're heard LA Sunshine pick up the microphone and rhyme But now I think it's time to go for mine So you can sit back, relax, just max and unwind Because it's time for me to out a few heads to bed Because I'm upset at what somebody said I've heard it through the grapevine it's been said That Sunshine, can't rhyme? Ha! That's the funniest line that I heard in a long time The wanna be me's that they I sound off beat I'm not off beat, I'm totally unique and it sounds real sweet So if you're ready, get set for a trip to the sun You'll be guided, and I've decided to become One to take total control of your soul Young or all be bold because it's a sight to behold Chorus: Sticks and stones might break your bones but Pos is gonna blow your mind Ain't no need to hold it (Let it go!) Just one more time! Verse 2: Posdnuos Now you can bet that I'm first kick a watt Soul son, Plug One, Posdnuos I'm top notch Forward, backstep, got cabbage on the brain So I'm leafy, peasy, and I act kind of sane So homeboys and girls just come follow me I'm the fried pipe piper down with dub and Plug Three I like my mans, freestyle is not my flow But I gets mad respect from Norfolk to Glasgow I run this up to court about a minute to the sec Cause my hoodie won't clash with Whipper Whip's mockneck So my hip-hop teachers please show me the math And after this give me your goddamn autograph Chorus: Whipper Whip, you can make the microphone sing Walking around sporting your diamond ring All the ladies know you as an MC king So get on the mic and tell 'em it ain't no thing Verse 3: Whipper Whip Well the Prince is my title and, I do what I must do When rappers get beside themselves, that's when I bust two Or three, see it doesn't matter to me Cause the W-H-I-P's got an army Whipper Whip, the Whipster, money gripster Can't stand the tipster unless she got the hips to Move a mountain, left on Kingsly and Fountain 1345 is where I used to count them The grips in my bucket's the kind that choke horses No more losses and no toy mosses It's the Kings of Kingsly, from Bronx to Hollywood I'm Whipper Whip, I but the G in "good" Yo I can blow like a whistle, run far beyond average Been rapping to the man like Randy Savage You be the judge, come stand as I slam some There's open invitation to all and then some Chorus: Sticks and stones might break your bones but JD Dub is gonna blow your mind Ain't no need to hold it (Let it go!) Just one more time! Verse 4: Dove I kick the Chatanooga Choo Choo so listen to the calling Next stop's the body rock, here's the ticket to my clock It's the flips, but keep your jaws on your hips >From back in the days I used to air it to the hits Earn the dance step and guaranteed to play the wheel to wheel And Wild Style was the real, dig it? I block the heckles and hecks and gets nuff respects Without the "bah diddy bah" I couldn't go and cash checks Chorus: DJ Mase, since you got the bass, why don't you hit it, hit it? Hit it, hit it, hit it, hit it! The do re, the mi phi, the sol la, the Tito Rocking it, rocking it, yes he is rocking it Tito, rocking it! Verse 5: Tito Smiggity smoking, no joking, turning styles like a token No singer, but swinging rap lyric like a ringer I'm solo, like Bobo, breaking backs like Bolo No kitten, no hitting booby traps for the sitting Ducks should I mention rhyme breezing like Benson Or hedges, I'm fuming autographs for the human Being, I'm g-ing, off like keying Or Keenan, live Ivory, Waynan, who's slaying? A TV or movie, hit singles often move me Like groove me, they got me lingers like a ??? No slipping, no tripping on me while I'm ripping Slam dunking like a donut on the Bulls Scottie Pippen A vocab that's no fad, I'm Heftier than Glad bags My son's about 2, buckaroo and yelling "Go dad!" Chorus: Sticks and stones might break your bones but Superstar's blows your mind Ain't no need to hold it (Let it go!) Just one more time! Verse 6: Superstar I get the honor to rap with some old school greats Caz, Whipper Whip, Tito, and LA Maseo, Posdnuos, Trug, they from the new school A perfect blend from the old and new Superstar, where did I fit in? How did I get in? Where did I begin, sin? I'm known from Belcourt to Freeport, not a West Coast or Five Boroughs Yeah, my name's whispered in the ghettos When I'm on stage, I write a book, flip a page Write a chapter, and leave a hell of a phrase Now, before I go, you know that I'm a pro, yo You won't forget me, why, because I flow Chorus: So GMC, ha, GMC, ha ha, GMC ha, GMC, ha ha GMC, ha huh! (Yo my throat is sore) Yo, get on the mic, stay on the mic (dammit) Rock on the mic with your rhymes galore! Verse 7: Grandmaster Caz Well I'm a black act back to attack the wack New Jack Smack the sad sack track with the stack of facts True old data, see you later alligator Raid or raider Darth Vader, cause I'm greater or rater Made a plate of soul food, barbequed a rude dude with the attitude Who got screwed cause he chewed But I'm a writer, you can't take a bite of So light up your lighter and watch me recite a Dope verse or two with the curse or two, yeah rehearse a cue But first a few minutes of funk, preferably seven Microphones, all I need is one MC's to school, ten or eleven then a bottle of Don When the job is done, but don't stop me now I'm on a roll, control the whole stroll And bowl the whole toll, fold the known souls Patrol shoot the fruit, toot toot the hoot Scoot with the loot and knock a cute suit boots Entertain your brain like Kane, not strain to maintain my main (shit) stain Walls record us, break through the borders All the manslaughters and kidnap daughters Who are building and chlling in the building with a villian I'm killing and illing but still in like Bob Dylan I'm Democratic emphatic erratic static I'm good at it And suckers get gatted with the automatic Rhymes are plenty, styles are many Yeah, and that's as real as Jimmy sticking Jenny If anybody knows a trick to slip my wig With a lick or real sick with a lyrical brick He's a vick bound to get tracked off Step to the Grandest and you'll get slapped off Stage, and thoroughly stomped with the quickness Now can I get a witness, cause I'm out The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: De La Soul (from the Propellerheads) Album: Decksandrumsandrockandroll (Propellerheads) Song: 360 (Oh Yeah?) Typed by: serial_thrilla@usa.net Come on, yeah Yo I'm from L I fella, vison had you tune into my figgida  (?) Microphone is mobile Holding mic's is slow while I be just day dreaming Drop for like, nine months, and rock from backyards to  fronts Who wants to live the gutter life, we got sidewalks to walk,  baby I need a chick with big potatoes to mash, baby Hang like parachutes, I've been floating for years Went from rapping in cars to rapping careers One beer, two beers, I got the gift like Santa I go from NY to DC, and down to Atlanta Make you fly like propellor, we be down in the cellor What I guess you call the basement, cause thats where all  the bass went When we turn it up a notch, old school like Ed Kotch Toss my foot up in the air and grab my crotch Who am I? Michael, keep the music on a cycle So we can finish up and flow in your fro (?) Word out This is called frozen style Shatter your teeth style Freeze like artic style y'all Come on Check it out I'm the P to the O to the S Known to pinpoint the flow to the chest So wear your vest, wiggle your thighs and your breast on  Vanessa Had to sneak it cause my minds(?) kept me under pressure As the Sun appears to rise and set Some cats live for the hood cause it's as good as it gets But my plot is much thicker, I move it much quicker Three-hundred and sixty mile to the P H So I'm balanced, not a fella to fall Connecting the dots, I got two propellors in all Went from ghetto to the metal Seen all degrees of hot, and froze when I was not Like lot, my lady threw salt in the game Invested cheese in the mouse who sent pork into fame Now you hear my name being screamed on the ride of life It's too late to get of, to get off We in the house y'all, we in the house y'all We about to get evicted, there ain't no lights or liquid The bills ain't paid and last week we had a raid Cause we partied too much cause that's my family's trade Envited all of my folks, and yo all my folks stayed They tried to silence our shit, but we just pushed up the  fade Side back to charge a dollar, hadn't got paid And called on the band and got stupid when the keyboard  played (talking in backround) Keeping funny with the Propellerheads y'all Now listen I'm here to usher the pain with no relief But still get the "Great Scott, are you a thief?"  "Seems like you got a mouth full of gold.." records Sorry for that, platinum plat soon to come Till then propellor got me working the drum For a three(?) to notify the five O for the fumble I hear you want to rumble on the mic, so check it out How you want it, I got it -- Oh Yeah? The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: De La Soul Album: EA Sports' NBA Live 2010 Soundtrack* Song: La La La Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com * - "La La La" is also on "EA Sports Soundtrack Volume 2" available on iTunes [Intro] La la laaaaaaa La la laaaaaaa, laaaaaaaaaaaah... [Posdnuos] Papa Love be on the attack, survival Jack Pot, and a lot of it's fat, part of the pack Not signing blood with his back, bottle for knack And we ain't backpack, we backbone But that's how rap be My own kids can't see they pops 'cause I'm onstage in some city makin someone else kids happy Doin things that ain't over 'til the big lady sings But since the world is so health-conscious The big gal lost weight, so we rock non-stop the date Give me a hard road to walk, I walk mines Similar to blood that won't stay in the chalk line - I won't stay boxed in! Worth every penny the recod companies lend me Sam Cooke-d the fish, but darling +You Send Me+ Creep out the mouth with the house like Mr. Fisher when I want out the picture My zodiac is commonly known as the proudest (So even when I whisper..) it still sounds the loudest That's just that NY, NY shit in me But smart enough to know no one stay the epitome (WHERE?) In this game But the aim is to clock out, covered in quality hip-hop The sureshot'll sure to get the cop-out Work out the kinks, month later hear it in the club while Smilez go work out the drinks La la laaaaaaa La la laaaaaaa, laaaaaaaaaaaah... La la laaaaaaa La la laaaaaaa, laaaaaaaaaaaah... [Dave] It's New York like murder and pavement Nuttin pretty like floral arrangement In case you study the stars in amazement A modest millionaire constellations where Dave went Cavemen die out, {?} just dry out Afrika is suspect, is apart tides out We pull the punches, never menat to roll wit' 'em Poppa taught me if they don't come then go get 'em Two weeks slingin this drug and no women But don't get it twisted, I'll never go (ULTRA!) Snap into default and be the twat poacher Circle in the sky, oh cussin like Blowfly Chemist cut perscription, see this is a faux pas Handin {?} to those who didn't know I got some Spaniard in me, yo I never act um (ULTRA!) Thank you Kool Herc for giving us the culture Coke crack and deals whatever road-in you go for Singing 'til the fat bitch decides to do tofu If I don't know you, well here's the introduction Music entertainin and conjunction We should have a lunch-in, cold cuts, servin these +Donuts+ DILLA, IF YA HEAR ME WE ARE MISSIN YOU SO MUCH Dilla, if ya hear me we are missin you so much De La twenty years, held up like brassieres [Chorus 3X] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: De La Soul Album: Ego Trippin (Part Two) 12" Song: Ego Trippin (Part Three)  (Once again my friend the funky beat has hold and we going on down to  the A.M. for you and your friend, sounds here tough on the ear, You  know that, coming at you so loud and clear so you have no fear we got  the voice of the people's choice, the man with the plan who's got the  the groove that makes you move, take your body higher, set your soul  on fire, playing so dance to the beat and move your feet, top  performers cold hardcore music deejays....)  (Ego trip, ego trip, taking a train to the ego trip)  POS:  Johnny fever, I won't catch  I'm Mr. Shockin' body rockin' finger pop I never stop  That means I run it to the break  'Cause I'm a sugar blizzard  I'll blow you like a chicken and stab you in your gizzard  Nah nah, let me back that up  I think I'll freakin' shoot ya  Parlay and smoke a L with my honey for the future  Man, I'm happy as can be 'cause I got my OE  Nah nah, let me back that up, let me back that up  Johnny fever, I won't catch  I'm Mr. Shockin' body rockin' finger pop I never stop  That means I run it to the break  'Cause I'm a sugar blizzard  So when I come girls run the tongue like a lizard  Yo, my style was created from the tapes of boys and girls  WHo had the second generation dubs of crews at Harlem World  Like the Fearless, the Crush, the Furious  Where I transform to the physical in the Latin Quarters  I was curious to how Kris and Scott blew the stage  Back then I didn't know you kept the ego front page  I didn't know you had to keep the ego front page  I didn't know you had to keep the ego front page  I didn't know you had to keep the ego front page  Like my man from Black Moon when he enters the stage  I didn't know you had to keep the ego front page  I didn't know you had to keep the ego front page  DOVE:  I got seventeen kids who speak to peak rhythms  And they all know I didn't come to make any sense  I heard Mikey Roads bust licks like  "Hey ma, what's for dinner?", spit cuss like a winner  Malibu down 'cause they can't see the standard I clown  Bundles and bags is sniffin' like  Dragons (ow) and dragons (oww!) and dragons (OOWW!!)  Hit the pit stop on the corner 'cause I see brothers flaggin'  Party on the moon but first I gots to spoon  It's wiggle your ass man, you made the jam jiggle like  Whoomp, not that, ain't it? I hit the elephant  Damn, Super Lover Man, your shit look thick  But first things first I'm gonna take it to the sea  The Chattanooga champ is gonna take it to the sea  I'm the employer, you're my employee  You gots to bust your ass for the cash money  Double on a bobo, Mr Bartender  Got to make this tree look pretty tonight  I'm on a kite, never trippin' on the ego  You know how we go, if I had a million bucks  I'd go buy me an Amigo, a house and a pinball machine  Slip myself some Spanish Fly and wet dream  Amazing how I zoom to the pervert mode  You wanna know why, you ask me why  (Why you trippin'?) (Good love, good love)  You wanna know why, you ask me why  (Why you trippin'?) (Good love, good love)  You wanna know why, you ask me why  (Why you trippin'?) (Good love, good love)  Do you wanna know why, you ask me why  POS:  Well you wanna know why, I'll tell you why  Classic example of a date rape  Check the moves in the laces so the shoes won't fake  Standing on the bread, honey take the moves to the head  DOVE:  Nah nah nah, just sit to this permanent  'Cause I'm a never movin', I clown it like  Get down, get down on the illegitimate  Yes I am the Chattanooga  I know this girl named Joelle, her mama drives a Cougar  POS:  Ay yo, I flaunt gets way beyond the bets  Little girl be cheesin' when I'm twirling her barrettes  I'm entering through the centre in 'cause she sweats  Now her Mister needs to see if my construction can be kept  I run it back to when I had Millie in the sack  Where she did the nothing 'cause her father showed her something  I ain't frontin', I'm mashing all the comp 'cause I'm thorough  Like crack, that's here to clear the inner city boroughs  But jump inside your mind so there's no escapism  Yo, De La Soul is here to stay like racism  You wack-ass rappers, they don't take much to see  If you don't sync with my mental  What the fuck makes you think you can touch me?  Well anyway, I'm levelling the masses, which gets me asses  Now tell me who be the tramp  Hey yo honey, what the fuck you riffin' about?  Love should have brought me home but sex kept me out  Love should have brought me home but sex kept me out  Love should have brought me home but sex kept me out  Hey yo honey, what the fuck you riffin' about?  Love should have brought me home but sex kept me out  (Lesson three, lesson three, lesson three, lesson three)  (Ego trip, ego trip, ego trip, ego trip)  (What you want, nigga, what you want) Artist: Common, Kool G. Rap, Mos Def, Pharoahe Monch, 	Pos, Rah Digga, Shabaam Sahdeeq, Sporty Thievz, T. Kweli Album: Hip Hop For Respect Song: One Four Love Pt. 1 Typed by: guru_afa@hotmail.com [Talib Kweli] Yo you sent out the signal right? And this is what happened The voice of Hip Hop got heard Never comprimised this is how we put it down c'mon [Kool G Rap] Throughout my thuglife I've seen the ??? Like ??? fight over the role of dice Flashing whole lights when killas on a hiest So contight, get poltergiest over the bowl of Christ Who pulled the slice from cats aiming gats who showed the hiest Told you right she be the one that come and hold your mic Then aim it at the whole vice squad just like ??? Rollin like every prototype was dolomight One man recall his ice inside his gun hand he holds for life [Rah Digga] This for the ones with holes in they graves Waitin for they piece when the law misbehave I say we off ??? watch 'em walk the beat Like you can't cross streets make them all retreat (now) Judges and the jury be a little to appointed Making us defendants when we supossed to be the plantiffs Laugh now cause soon the thrill stops Heads get it on and start to kill cops [Sporty Theivz] I'm sober but the pull me over What i do yo? (what we do yo?) Poe-poe go i'm drivin to slow (cool yo) I torin' them explorin them (damn) For them that's why i'm ignoring them (uh-oh) Bring like king skip Before they bring this to some Rodeny King shit Forget them fools Now make no sudden moves They reachin for they tools (let's move) You buggin dude Kirk you ran the stop, word them pigs frontin Yo tell like you tell 'em cousin we ain't did nothin All they see is three blacks in a jeep with seats back Lookin for ??? packs how the blood dog can eat that They thirstin for a reason to blast you can't beat that Gats and a badge to match you can beat that so bounce 'em [Mos Def] My people unite and let's all get down We gotta have what? love peace and understandin One god, One love, One light One aim, One voice, One fight My people unite, hop up and do it right We gotta have what? love peace and understandin One god, One love, One light One aim, One voice, One fight My people unite, hop up and do it right Do it right ya'll, keep it tight ya'll, do it right ya'll, just do it [Shabaam Sahdeeq] Blood on they hands, blood on my mans Destroying the fam More souljers die, another mother cries Anthony Buyers, ??? ???, Diallo Let it keep happenin and theirs more to follow It's even deeper then that penal shot in the back Forever we fight and cus but the world still adjust So many bullets just to stop one man Is that the plan, To leave us all dead in the street [Common] I'm an opponent of violence To many of my guys have to condome it in silence Law takes lives and can only do violence And with night sticks i write quick Hopin that [Talib Kweli and Common] I might hit somebody in the heart [Talib Kweli] Like an arrow with her eyes on a sparrow Yo i feel my peoples pain all in my bone marrow [Common] I'm tellin Pharoahe to let my folks go Ma's been singin to law like they background vocals [Talib Kweli] Local, state, federal cops have been payed properly To protect the property How can i just stand by and watch a man die for nothin and not react The way we spit on this track is how we bustin back [Common] Yo i pimp slap 5-0 Get behind them and make the marks drive slow [Talib Kweli] Yo, you wanna know how to improve on the quality life? Try respectin it step into my zone and maifest a check in it [Pharoahe Monch] Cops they transport me from Long island to Medina  with they fucked up demeanor Dreamin of stickin it to me like Abner Louima Pharoahe slash El-Hajj Malik Shabazz  with plans of retaliations of they coward ass God please allow me to preach for 'em A voiceless man through a spirit i speek for him Step to city hall if a dove flew for Diallo with a vision of cops inside the Public Enemy logo [Posdnous] All that scheming and plotting The young absorb like cotton does Ecspeacially in my city where the boys steady rockin in You would thought 5-0 would cut it all short But they play the biggest part in the art of living arms In our land cops guns clap more then hands As if we don't deserve what they hear to preserve We just tryin to do it right in these worlds that we rappin in While they trying to fill us all up with more lead then zepilin [Everyone Lead by Mos Def] My people unite and let's all get down We gotta have what? love peace and understandin One god, One love, One light One aim, One voice, One fight My people unite, hop up and do it right We gotta have what? love peace and understandin One god, One love, One light One aim, One voice, One fight My people unite, hop up and do it right My people unite and let's all get down We gotta have what? love peace and understandin One god, One love, One light One aim, One voice, One fight My people unite, hop up and do it right We gotta have what? love peace and understandin One god, One love, One light One aim, One voice, One fight My people unite, hop up and do it right My people unite and let's all get down We gotta have what? love peace and understandin One god, One love, One light One aim, One voice, One fight My people unite, hop up and do it right We gotta have what? love peace and understandin One god, One love, One light One aim, One voice, One fight The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: De La Soul Album: Jenifa (Taught Me) (12") Song: Jenifa (12" version)  Intro  This song...does not contain...explicit lyrics...but the thought... is  erotic...  Awwwwwwwwww...baby!  Verse 1  Access to her cove, lovestruck Dove is Dove's mode  Took a look, dropped my books, Jenifa, oh Jenny  Breakfast was our greetings, yoghurts and birdseed's what I fed  Slipped a note, "Rock my yacht, Jenifa, oh Jenny"  Jenny only thought about Jimmy, but didn't think about Derwin  The Jimmy who's only a virgin  Steady we go, Jenifa led, pluggin' a tune which freedom well said  So what's the fix, O Jenifa, can a brother with soul get swingin'?  Verse 2  The Downstairs where we met, I'd brought records, she'd cassettes  Lost a break, found her shake, Jenifa, oh Jenny  Transcripts showed more than flirt, "I love daisies" read her shirt  Grabbed my jeans, Jimmy screamed, Jenifa, oh Jenny  Morals shaped like the floss, no-one could live their life for Pos  Found her house, aroused my joust, Jenifa, oh Jenny  Her clothes I did shuck, just like Dan I strictly stuck  To the punt, she cried "Kick it!", Posdnous was in  Jenny only thought about Jimmy, but asked was I a virgin  Like some kid named Derwin?  She said, "Let's try it in the bathroom", but the 'nous is way above  sinks  So to the kitchen she did Dan and came back wrapped in Saran  Verse 3  Positions, muscles flexed, Dove was lost in a Ghana hex  Passed her test, felt her teddy, Jenifa, oh Jenny  Notions soothed the mood, Dove was lost in De La heaven  Scream Plug 2, did the do, Jenifa, oh Jenny  Jenny teased my homeboy Granny, in fact she teased so many  She was known as a garden tool  Did her thing while I plugged once, hope she don't fall fat 9 months  from now  I'll tell you what, Trugoy ain't ready  Verse 4  Worned out was my cater(?), mind you, this was 3 days later  The door turned blue, you guess who, Jenifa, oh Jenny  Advanced to the radio, Teddy persuaded us to turn off the light  Wanted me to rhyme while she wrapped me up in a ball of twine  No more I dispatch, was it Jimmy had met his match?  Or could it be the realisation all girls owned a Jenny?  For normal health I have fought, a valuable lesson she hath taught  Don't flaunt that the candy is good unless you came with plenty  Stooooop!!!!!!!! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: De La Soul Album: Joe's Apartment soundtrack Song: Dreams of the Funky Towel [Dove] In rap goes apartment leave your chart bent off of hits And catch mad love with a mix Scream on fire like grits, and make sure the shine spits Do away with all ignorance Look out for the roaches and the pits Mr. Burns beware [Mos Def] I be the Mr. Bern like the Bernstein Bears Keep it Sloppy like Joe, cuz Joe don't care But as long as I maintain savoirfaire And the bums on the street chump change I spare Keep it slick like James Brown hair, do keep it raw like the Z Ave crew, true The temperature's high up, or H-D If the last thing's a booger you can't count on me I'm a give a cockroaches, Mos Definitely [Posdonus] Now the apartment is getting kinda hot up in here I guess a De La Soul jam's been placed in your ear Added sugar to the thoughts of the inner-city circle Who might have to hurt you on a night that's late When you're in the wrong town picking up your date I guess your date wasn't set on having you for a mate Chorus: Dove Sweet dreams are made of these Who am I, to disagree? I travelled the world and the seven seas And everybody, say it's gotta be funky [Posdonus] We be the Suns party people rotate around the fun (It's Plug One) One never played no guns I specialize in never putting wool over the eyes This is the tower of stain that wouldn't be surprised if you didn't apply it to the ordinary skin I'm a MC in love with the way-back-when Match pens to pad, I be Ayamo's dad Doing laundry to clean up on reality's fad [Dove] Now we in a sticky situation but we make it FON-KAY And bring it back to the days of watching PU-NKY Brewster, used ta, be in L.I. flats With the bricks, jibbin this and that, upon tracks [Mos Def] We came to thank kids, not the blankets, but the towel Shed love with the verb and the vowel Move grooves like a bowel, De La representer See funky is the way we keep it settin in your dreams like that Chorus 2X Teah yeah, gonna keep it real for the apartments in your area Yeah, gonna move it like this everybody just funk in your area Pos One's in your area, Maseo's in your area Too much Plug, Two much Plug Plug Two's in your area De La's in the area Attic entertainment Peace The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: De La Soul f/ Teenage Fanclub Album: Judgment Night soundtrack Song: Fallin  Intro  Travellinnnnnnnnnnnnnn' at the speeeeeeeed...of thought...  Verse 1  Hey, yo kids! (What's up!)  Remember when I used to be dope? (Yeah...)  I owned a pocketful of fame...  (But look what you're doin' now!)  I know, well I know  I lost touch with reality, now my personality  Is an unwanted commodity (believe it!)  Can't believe I used to be Mr Steve Austin on the mic  Six million ways I used to run it  I guess Oscar Goldman got mad  Cos I got loose circuits (so loose, sigga-sigga so loose...)  I be the Mother Goose with the eggs  That seem to be...  [Fallin'...]  Chorus  You played yourself x4  Verse 2  A-yo, pack my bags cos I'm outta here  Mama don't love me and my mama don't care  Read the papers the headlines say  "Washed up Rapper Got Some [Buck-kawk!]"  Lingo's busted while the guitar sways  B-side copy for the radio plays for somethin'  I knew I blew the whole fandango  When the drum programmer wore a Kangol  Never could be light, great fish won't bite  Fake, realise that I'm over like clover  No good luckin' so Mase beep the f(Hey!)ckin' beat  While the Teenage fan the heat  I bring it to the glues, paid all my dues  So what's gone's dead, let me use my forehead  Easy, pack it up, man, let me stop stallin'  Cos everything I do is like Fallin'  [Fallin'...]  Repeat chorus (many times) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: De La Soul Album: Me Myself and I 12" Song: Ain't Hip to Be Labelled a Hippie  POS:  In America today  People think they know the way  Of the Soul  De La is on the road  To blink and clear the hay  Behind the line of inner fine  We 've explained this time and time  Daisies don't mean everything  Daisies don't mean anything  But the word itself when broken up  Wears just a larger pound  D.A. stands for "T-H-E"  I is "Inner"  S is "Sound"  Y is "Y'all", that's you  Should see the Inner Sound  Will help you breathe  But still I sport a heavy sigh  When I have to explain  It's just me, myself and I  It's just me, myself and I  It's just me, myself and I  It's just me, myself and I  PAUL: So, you're just yourself, huh, Pos?  POS: Basically Paul, that's it.  PAUL: You mean you're not a hippie?  POS: No.  PAUL: Not even a half a hippie?  POS: Not a nugget.  PAUL: Wait. What about you and Dove's parents?  POS: Straight up Soul brothers and sisters.  PAUL: So what the full equation shows is "The Inner Sound Y'all"  should be focused on, not just the word 'DAISY' itself.  POS: Most definitely.  PAUL: Wait a minute. Did you say 'Most definitely?'  POS and PAUL: Rrrr-rah! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: De La Soul Album: Me Myself and I 12" Song: Brainwashed Follower JEFF: Yo yo, hey man, ain't you guys um, Plug One? Plug Two?  Potholes in my Lawn? You're those weird guys, De La Soul, right?  DOVE: Yeah, what's up little man, how you feeling, I'm Dove, how you feeling.  POS: Yo what's up man, my name is Pos.  MASE: What's up, I'm Mase. Yo, shorty, what's your name?  JEFF: Oh, my name? Jeff. You guys are walking? Now rappers ain't supposed to walk.  POS: Sorry little man, but you know...  JEFF: Jeff. I told you, my name is Jeff. If you guys are rappers,  where's your dukey gold chains? Y'all don't have no dukey gold chains.  MASE: We don't wear gold chains, we'd rather spend our money on  more important things like, women, necessities...  DE LA SOUL: And video games!  JEFF: Y'all are crazy. No chains, dag. Okay, where's your BMW?  You're not supposed to walk. Where's your jeeps, your Maximas?  DOVE: Maximas? Yo, Maxin' would break my flow. And with the cause of  gas, Jeff man, I'd rather take the transit that's mass.  JEFF: What you say? You are C-R-A-Z-E-E. Crazee. Don't you know you  can't be def if you don't have no gold? Or a car, man? What's up?  MASE: Who told you that?  JEFF: Everybody who's def has gold, cars, money, girls, clothes...  MASE: Wait a minute, wait a minute, shorty, you're buggin'. Do you like Plug Tunin' and Potholes?  JEFF: Yeah that song's def.  POS: But we don't wear no gold chains, nor do we ride BMW's and  Maxes or Jeeps, yet you still think our music is def, right? Wait a minute. Did I say 'def'?  DE LA SOUL: Rrrr-RRAH!  JEFF: What?  POS: Nothing, nothing. It's just that we don't deal with all that  materialistic stuff, but we still got what it takes to please and  supply our listeners, understand my man?  JEFF: Where's your beepers? Why don't you have beepers? Everybody  wears beepers. You have to have beepers to look down.  MASE: AAAUUGHHH! Little man is brainwashed indeed!  DOVE: Nah, nah. Beepers are the least of status situators, man. Plus  I find them ugly as parking tickets.  JEFF: You guys talk funny.  POS: Well actually our verbal is kinetic, so when released flow A to  Z is perfectly pitched in andvance in intricacy.  JEFF: Yeah you homeboys are really bugged.  POS: Wait a minute. Did he say...  MASE: Bugged?  DE LA SOUL: Rrrr-RRAH!  JEFF: So no car, no beepers, no gold. That's weak man, that's weak.  DOVE: Jesus, did he say 'weak?' Jesus, they never learn.  POS: Foolish mind, have I, have I.  MASE: Actin' like that lady!  DE LA SOUL: That lady!  POS: Peace, my brother... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: De La Soul Album: Me Myself and I 12" Song: What's More  (Mercer)  Plug One, Plug Two, Plug One, Plug Two  Plug One, Plug Two, Plug One  POS:  Tell me what's more essential  Rap lines, party past nine,  Or reading which is fundamental  Tell me what's more pollution  Black fog, burning log  Or infested prostitution  Tell me what's more appealing  Fast food job, corn on the cob  Or interstate drug dealing  Tell me what's more tantalising  Flip flop, skeezer lies and props  Or Three Feet High And Rising  Tell me, what's more?  DOVE:  Tell me what's more demanding  A dominant race, a fad called base  Or peace and understanding  Tell me what's more neglected  Teaching our seeds the fact there's greed  Or words being said in a record  Tell me what's more pathetic  A lallygag lush, a habit to cuss  Or a lawsuit filed on a medic  Tell me what's more amusing  Comic strip, or break that hip  Or what Prince Paul's producing  Tell me, what's more?  POS:  Tell me what's more old-fashioned  Lemonade, a black man's fade  Or a kiss that's soaked in passion  DOVE:  Tell me what's more secretive  Love looks, a diary book  Or the De La style us speakers give  POS:  Tell me what's more off-tempo  Wearing pink, a fizzy Lipton drink  Or a brother with acne and dimples  DOVE:  Tell me what's more confusing  A Rubik's cube, a dusted dude  Or a figure in which one is choosing  Tell me, what's more?  MASE:  Yo Pos and Dove, stand clear to be plugged up...  Ah the hell with that, I don't have time for playin'  with this, just tell me what's going on, I wanna know  what's going on, go ahead, Pos and Dove, tell me what's  going on, I just wanna know what's happening man, tell me  what's going on, I'd just like to say what's up to the  Jungle Brothers, I'd like to say what's up to the Quest,  I'd like to say what's up to Monie, I'd like to say what's  up to Latifah, Mike G in the house, Prince Paul, what's up  man, this is P.A. Mase and I'd like to say, cool DJ Red Alert!  What's up, man? All right okay, we outta here, peace y'all! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: De La Soul Album: Men in Black Sountrack Song: Chanel No. Fever Chorus: It's in the back y'all  It's on the wall y'all It's in your head, but it's not the fever Now with the B-I double L bill We bill the par territories placing flags on terrains Now I said it was yours so snatch the world back from Wayne  We did, universally sparked the lid  Now these ladies love how we live  Got'em caught, shit you already know looking so fly That the dog that played spiderweb your up aliasing here Sucker cats don't try to steer  Near this, wish you could bring it this way Compliments of Wonder Y and my nigga David J So the do, re, mi, fa, sol, la Many reach to devour the stage, put the guts out the venue Ah, shut up in your face no need to continue I've been there, done that Received it, won that Yo stunned that, that's how you like To Sun frozed Keep my shit in harvest like Farmer John grows crops  Hops, you'll need the whole ceiling to tops I saw the empire, set your liquid to fire  Bim Blam set a flame to your fanny Davis the surname like Davis the Sammy A grammy, my concern is to earn for a little age  Next time, next rhyme, next phase Chorus 2x Now put your hand on your hip  Now put your hand on your hip And let your backbone slip And let your backbone slide  Now put your hand up on your hip Now put your hand up on your hip And let your backbone slip for the fever Hey, ladies and gents reintroducing to you Shootin' shit like hot asses at the sip of bean stew Super fat come the visitor zoo Peace to my homewood niggas and my man Tofu I'm through evil that man do Get some ass on the side so my love can shine through Pull a cigar with crew, lean back and let it soak  Your holdin' on to my twelve dollar smoke Man, it was Mase who laced the beat from up out the Earth Leaving brothers hipnotized like Ootney Fonsworth But I'm hip but no tized than that, clap to the break of dawn Dada, wonder why it's hotter than hot  Why not knee, my Steve got niggas on the dick They want to join the click  I hope that ass get a record deal  So they can feel what I feel  To overstand that ring ring, how you do is real You must be from Italy 'cause all you do is roam Microphone to microphone, lookin' for home I write a poem to make the publicists flock the prone cop China on stage so I don't need a spotlight  Should be tight like tupperwear supperwear, drawers of socks Sippin' on gray pot yo scratch the pork chops  Cause nothin' here drops We're goin' up, up, up, up, up, up, up Chorus 3x Huh (11x) It's the fever The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: De La Soul f/ Double Album: Parappa The Rapper 2 Soundtrack / Say I Gotta Believe 7" Song: Say I Gotta Believe Typed by: no1wammy@hotmail.com (Double in background) [Pos] Let me hear you say "Alright" [All] ALRIGHT (Alright) [Dove] Let me hear you say "Oh yeah" [All] OH YEAH [Pos] Now let me hear you say what you gonna do [All] WHAT YOU GONNA DO [Dove] I need to hear you say you gotta believe [All] I GOTTA BELIEVE (Gotta believe) (Verse 1) [Pos] It was all a dream that you felt before You need to come on back, jack Look who walked in the door It's Parappa The Rapper, and my name is Pos I'm known to emcee for free or a cause If you be at the (???) church Drop to your knees and pray for Parappa The Rapper To save the day And make you scream hooray Just clappin' on time, cause it's time to play [Double] I know you're slick and smooth Good with an attitude On the right track Later on the fact, think about Never looking back You know My worth was satisfied What I haven't know, deep inside of me And all I need Is my security Break 1: Pos When you need a foremission, he got your back Sure to have a cool, man, that's a fact Yo, he's a good friend, never ever a foe So come on and let's go (Verse 2) [Dove] We oughta concentrate in Vitamin D, with the title Hookin' it up, speed quick, like noodles in cups It ain't nothin' for the one man Buttin' to move somethin' Runnin' Parappa through laps Huddlin' raps And just when you thought your game was bad Well, we got you cookin' out rhymes All in your think ghetto Proceed and click The next level for fun, player Play ya game Player number one (One...) [Double] True love That speaks the truth You know it'll help me through In the cold night In the morning, all night Or even in a fight You know You should come home to me We could have fun Until the morning light [Verse 3: Pos] It'll serve up a dish like Sunny Chan You know I'm the man Here to have fun Wanna have a taste? Here, have some Servin' up O's by the oodles Oh, I forgot Parappa The Rapper, he don't like noodles We like eating snapadash red Freestyle from the top of the head Yo, Parappa got skill Why don't you give it try, see what you can build Pacing life through that's pill Watch your heels, you might slip and fall And if you do, you know who to call (Who?) It's Parappa The Rapper and De La, y'all Bridge: Double You, and me Can walk, together Until, the road Forever And so, I touch The treasures of life Everyday Love, and hate A face, to face it through In fact, I got Your back everyday Uh huh Uh huh, uh huh (Oh yeah, yay) [Verse 4: Dove] Watch you turn on your 36 inches You in the boob tube, trapped deep Til the game watch you sleep (???) dosed on, moved, taught by the sensei Your timing's all off, tiger You in the little leagues, striking at a De La joint Bunk a sessions for the plugs and pea data Come train your camp, y'all Mussolini, graffiti, tag and plug dose Dose, dose, dose Game over, I'm ghost, ghost, ghost Break 2: Pos When you need a foremission, he got your back Sure to have a cool, man, that's a fact Yo, he's a good friend, never ever a foe Come on, everybody, sing along, let's go... (Double in background) [Pos] All my peoples say "Alright" [All] ALRIGHT [Dove] Yeah, that was good    Now let me hear you say "Oh yeah" [All] OH YEAH (Oh yeah) [Pos] Now let me hear you say what you gonna do [All] WHAT YOU GONNA DO [Dove] Come on, y'all    I need to hear you say you gotta believe [All] I GOTTA BELIEVE (Gotta believe) [Double] Oh yeah    Oh yeah    Oh yeah    Oh yeah-i-yay The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: De La Soul Album: Say No Go 12" Song: The Mack Daddy on the Left (Play it for me)  (Kick it!)  (The mic men are back, okay)  DE LA SOUL:  Girls, girls, girls, girls,  These girls I do adore  Walking down the street watchin' ladies,  Aaow, watchin'...  MASE:  Hold up, hold up, let's give it to the Mack Daddy  over to the left...  JEFF:  Pity pity pity pity wack wack wack  A moo moo moo, a jumping jack  Rock this is brain now I'm one step over  Respect your parents, they're pushovers  Chasing my fun like the IRS  My girl's too young to have big breasts  For a good time we chill by the mall  I tell her tales, some small some tall  Why, how you got peanuts, pecans,  I wipe her cheek, she grabs my hand  I have a curfew, she says to me  I'll take you home, look hon, you'll see  The deed was done and I thought to myself  Jeff, you're the mack and no-one else  (Jeff, I told you, my name is Jeff)  The astronomical wiz, dazzler of the showbiz  Kids of the new biz for you  Don't try to solve it, just involve yourself  In this deadly De La dialogue  Yo, I smell black fog  POS:  That's right, me and Mase blew it to clear your ass straight out of this sector. This is De La Soul wax!  MASE:  So wait until your own piece of wax come out!  LUCKY:  Yo, is this true? Is Jeff really coming out with his own song? And if he do, will he have the decency to  change his name to a suitable public speaker? Yo, I don't know, but bring in that funky astronomical piano  For this is the take-off man Luck signing off. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: De La Soul f/ Enola Gay, Mos Def Album: Itzsoweezee (HOT) 12" Song: Stakes Is High (remix) Typed by: dclinder@portal.ca *Trugoy:* (Vibes... Vibrations...) Yeah... Check the vibe y'all, vibe y'all... (Vibes... Vibrations...) Dirty, rotten tooth Select from the sound booth Collect grammer Like panhandlers On skid row My John Doe'll Build a vision where thought can go walking Without the Devil hawking Stakes Is High like weed smoke We need folk To shed the truth To the wide youth *Truth Enola:* Enola got soul To hell with role models, teachers and guardians With rock-hard erections, and seven incisions Raw intercourse with mother nature She likes to bang to the left Teach all women and children only the best Stakes is Higher than the highest mountain Mos Def *Mos Def:* This is the 21st century, poor shit ain't quaint The Zulu Apaches got battle cries and war paint I do with some care cause I is who they ain't That ain't strokin' my sack, it's just a black ink fat Boy, ain't no keeping me back. Yes, Mos Def is the handle Try to test and get supressed like a government scandle Exhibit is exquisit and a level degrees Flying high in the sky with the Supa Emcees *Posdnuos:* Yo! I write rhymes like I come from New York City Rollin' with commitees, making your whole life shitty Shutting down your rap group, and you best to believe Brothers become permanent niggas when they soul is a track And ain't no niggas like the one I know Cause what I know is them niggas gotta go Make me feel I need to by a fo-fo (Bloop Bloop) Sending them express to hell though *Mos Def:* Classic material like Run DMC. At least, four out of five, every Jeep owner agrees That it's them damn high Stakes that make you pump yo' brakes (vibes) pump yo' brakes (vibes) pump yo' brakes (vibes, vibes) Haha... (Vibrations...) Get with the viggy-vibe ya'll... *Posdnuos:* Stakes is High... You know them Stakes is High, when we dealing with the (Vibes... Vibrations...) Stakes is High... Man them Stakes is High... *Truth Enola:* Doctor, I'mma make those house calls and exercise those Some people getting burned, playing their toes close Fumble-eye sky tumble-ing down, stay humble-eye Sidle up and ride. Beware, who you idolize Religious hypocrits who give away elbow in the face I'm Enola, system solar, Plug One, solely mine *Posdnuos:* We went from picking noses to pockets, directly to jail Now we think we better ourselves trying to be calm When you're puffing that (hay!) in the middle of the barn Stopping thoughts, so you can stretch a mind into yarn Funeral lawns are drunk from kids pouring out liquor Respecting life, by met up with a little quicker And we let the body rock the party until the party rocks the body Cause a scuffle broke loose due to too much juice and gin run in the minds of opposing men *Trugoy:* Aiyo, my mens is going to have to learn when to say when and when to ask why, you accept the [?] cause you dwelling in a sty Can't face it man to man, son, I see it in your eye Conseal it, why try? Display it, when you relay it You're just a lie. (Vibes... Vibrations...) *Posdnuos:* There was a lovely lady who's intent I thought I had on Rosa Parks But her ex came to town and took back her heart And she left me standing silly in the dark with a mic Caught up in expressions and learning lessons of depression Sometimes it seems I can't connect with female beings To my little Aya-Mo when she having them dreams And her facial gleams are sweet, but soon to switch to bitter cause when she reaches sixteen she'll be considered a piece of meat Not a treat but a trick to sex in showers People kick last days, we in the last hours Minutes and seconds, I reckon it won't be long til recorded ways of striving will be dead and gone But this loss coming through despite who try to see me These brothers are too hard, sisters are too easy Sleazy... *Mos Def:* Trying to please me with that sex appeal When you're livin' in the ghetto man you got to deal Brothers scatter from the function when they spot the steel Weapons get concealed, when there's plots to kill The on all up in the party cause this rock is real Niggas ain't stoppin' to think so they ain't gon' stop the violence Music too loud to hear, so Doug E. Fresh say "Silence!" Through the projects, they terminate and expect violence I rather take it easy, keep it breezy like the Attic *Truth Enola:* Revi-revolutionize We keep it complex, so don't offend Nine times out of ten, men and women pretend And mobilize devil eyes Fight beside [?], you are the type For everything in life has a price Love black berry molasses So smart you're stupid Hard heads create soft asses *Trugoy:* So like molasses... That's how you move, and how we prove with that Come with the full-pack, to keep it native like tongues, we brung the lickin' for all your earth spittins Can't write without that excite But when you come down, you're shit is dumbfound Sounded weak like mundane, someday You figure one day, you'll play the roles of masterpiece Until then cease And I'm out like reece (Vibes...) To get some Reese's Pieces Peace (Vibrations...) Check the... (Vibes... Vibrations...) (Vibes... Vibrations...) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: De La Soul f/ The Spirit of The Wu Album: You're Welcome Song: Get Away Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com [*RZA*] ...Knahmsayin I want to give y'all a little announcement man For the last year there's been a lot of music comin out the shit been weak, knowhatI'msayin? A lot of niggaz trying to take hip-hop and make that shit R&B, rap and bullshit yaknowhatI'msayin? Or make that shit funk Fuck that, this is MCin right here, this is hip-hop [Posdnuos] And like the Wu, we bring it to you in the purest form We reside far away from the norm Scorn from the big catch, the big bang, big breaks Fetch pasts in pens even with the pencils Rap label study us, flooded us with stencil That's Tinseltown, murder your display and we stay flyin even when the terrorists is tryin This to that town, monitor the pat down Serchin for controlled substance with sustenance  We inventors of the drug, ever since DayGlo  covers broke pots, green baloons The black shirts sayin +Stakes+ elevate at noon AOI grind, you hear it, understand We steer it, some choose to veer it off the course The main source missin, you pay no dues You earn no pension, learn the rules You can either be the pimp or the pimped-out fools Wack niggaz do not forget [*GZA*] Stop runnin up on niggaz with all that wack shit [*Meth*] Word up man  [*GZA*] Talking about you MC's [*Meth*] You ain't no MC [Posdnuos] ...like me; I bake work from art  While labels worry 'bout artwork or top of the chart perks You need to insert a lot more, that original tier that you can't manage, just causin damage So just go ("WHAT!") get away from here You're fuckin the game up, too low to aim up So just go ("WHAT!") get away from here [Dave] And some'll believe that they're leaders Young fella, you a 2-liter Sippin water weight, drownin out the sauce This lesson is a line with a undergrad course Well sharpen your +Papermate+, my #2s'll make the +Bic+/beac-on shine in you The fine lining is detailed, the garment is retailed But I don't buy rap or excuses The code used to be an unspoken device But since that's gone, you see what rap produces ("Yaknahmsayin...") The one on one, two on twos assembled in the center of squares like statues ("Word up") Understand I just do this, I don't have to [*RZA*] YaknowhatI'msayin? This is hip-hop right here YaknowhatI'msayin? This is lyrics [Dave] But you wouldn't know that feelin if it slapped you Like new credit, the blood work's indebted Microphone donor, two pints'll get right I got my cardio up, my nigga ("WHAT!") Don't give a damn about a party, I do it for the body Upchuck ya mandible, the scramble is back Since the two-inch tape, how ample is that? Like furry dice hangin off the mirror You position is concernin my vision These objects seem to be closer than they appear And they could never catch up, they directions don't match up Just go ("WHAT!") Get away from here You're jammin the lane up, messin the game up Just go ("WHAT"!) Get away from here~! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Black Eyed Peas f/ De La Soul Album: Bridging the Gap Song: Cali to New York Typed by: wyney@hotmail.com, OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Verse One] As soon as A La stepped off (the floor) People started hollerin (for more) Beggin us to bless 'em with an (encore) You know the Peas they game to that (for sure) No matter what the coast we, be on Pacific or Atlantic we, stay strong Foreign or domestically, we conquer all obstacles professionally and rock on And that's exactly how we made it rock (made it rock) We turn this on and then we make it hot (make it hot) We also known to cause a state of shock (state of shock) We start at 2 then go to 10 o'clock (10 o'clock) 10 o'clock the next day that is (day that is) No matter what city or state that is (state that is) Don't ask no questions, that's the way that is (way that is) Don't ask no questions, that's the way that is [Chorus - 4x] Back, back, back, back, and forth from Ca-li to New York [Verse Two: Pos] Introduce Posdonus y'all ('Nus y'all) Sticky like cous-cous y'all (cous y'all) Be the words that I ap-ply (ap-ply) My peeps mass, karma N.Y. (N.Y) Check it out, you see you other emcees, sound like brother emcees Raised by the same pop and mother emcees While I got a lot of brand in my name, I'm recognizable Leavin me the cash amount, that's quite sizable Rich in that english that's broke as hell That's why my niggaz in the hood understand me so well Its the modern rap type talk used to walk, all over your ears You hear the thump, this track pumps like, well order Some others fell short of the line of finish You didn't practice harder at the scrimmage Now my image is the golden cup My career is dirty compared to yours, it's all washed up [Chorus - 4x] Back, back, back, back, and forth from Ca-li to New York [Verse Three: Dove] We, we, we, we regulate and cross plates, destruct ya Toss coins to distract it and we bust ya Minds blow bigger than tempers out in Russia Cuss like a sailor, make you shame like thelya Stitch a verse tailored to fit Spray paintin' your spit on the deco we art, spread apart I raid mo' tracks than flicks in "Beat Street" with kicks until the sole/Soul wear out, never that! We weather that, you light in the ass and feather that Heavy like black leather coats, you pleather that Last dick on the line, we way ahead of that Squeezin like Freddie Foxx, and his two glocks Rocks don't impress niggaz who speak to God We get jams to make a tuna melt Held down by the BEP, we strictly, new getty Two-fifty up in front of the mic, so what it look like? [Chorus to fade] Back, back, back, back, and forth from Ca-li to New York The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Chi-Ali f/ Dove (De La Soul), Dres, Phife, Fashion (Beatnuts) Album: The Fabulous Chi-Ali Song: Let the Horns Blow Typed by: scott_rodkey@hotmail.com [Dres] Yo! One for your mother, two for your pops Three's for the niggas that's trying to kill the cops So whether the Black Sheep are here, with the corner for the car D-R-E-S so yes I guess it back and watch the Dres get raw In transition, a pubic hair I can't stand I tell your momma "I love you" if you thought my style was missing My Snoopy, Droopy, Casper, a punky You're rolling with Dres, the Black Sheep, that says my brother's freaking  funky I know you want to test me, but but but please don't try to sub me Cause when but forever you get to snuff me Beretta to your head and yo you'd better be on your jet ski I could never be The Ruler but like Rick I say I'm slick You're just a backwards kid, excuse my med to say you're thick So now you got beef and broccoli or is it cockolli? But we got time, we keep 18, or your two nines So let the horns blow cause you know that you're just a barking dog Bluff all along, prince now a frog Don't play post, because we both know your colors [Dove] I be the drama so watch the Wonderama Catch a dips hips sweeter when I call her "mamacita" Not a lover, a fighter, no need to loving these see Didn't like the Brady Bunch, for many years I had a hunch Living like the Givens, big thanks for big banks I'm sticking like a dish swordfish when I shanks Maximum is maximized, minimum is none You want to shoot the breeze, please, pass the peas my pig is done Not the vigilant, or walk with a slant Want to hit the "Yes I Can Can" and never say I can't I wear the Neil Diamonds and fucks what Simon says Had to freaks the fat so I cuts some from my dread But back, again they come, just a little sooner to Become one nation under the groove Oh I feel the Clinton, soothing me like Lipton Tea, and it's definitely under the groove I'm feeling kind of hot but like my man Rowdy Piper Raining with the raps so hit the window wiper Tired of y'all brothers going from a cipher Don't baby sip the bottle or I hit you with the diaper Never toke or smoke, I don't even own a lighter If it's any pipe I'm lighting, it's the pipe that goes inside of her Check the ??? boy as I ride or break time from the rhyme Cause I'm back and out of sight of [Fashion] Snort up a kilo, better sex than Rio Fashion, Ju, and Les, I make a third of the trio Fiddly fi, fiddly fy, fiddly fo, fiddly fum I smell props, hit 'em hard, and then I cum Love to eat a skin, but first I inspect it Not a crim-im-im-inal, got a record, go and check it Or you can get ate up, pass me a plate of A little seafood, I find a phone and ring a date up So never start a track without Beatnuts on the list Brothers buck shots from point blank and still miss Middly miss, middly miss, why would I ever diss? Fiddle or fight or peace and for for it fists Ayo Huggy Bear, do your manager, do your damage I'll let you tell the story but first get you a bandage Cause you can go for MILES and MILES and MILES and Talk more tracks than the dog doo doo piles and Kennel, I say when'll, or when he stop Let me see your girl and better believe those drawers will drop It's getting freaky, a Beatnut thing that is Let the horns blow because that's what time it is [Phife] Yo! Doggy doggy jivin', guess who's next? The 5 foot assassin with the microphone check I'm all that and more cause there never was comp Play Mr. Bad and you shall get stomped I had a head full of hair, but I kept all my rhymes A brother from Queens and yo I always gets mines No shorts are being taken, no not this year The Phife Dawg is here so you'd better beware Concieted? I guess it's something like that Cause God don't make no jokes so I know I ain't wack So relax and chill, sit your booty still Or just take loss like the Buffalo Bills But when I'm called the Phifer, how many times have you heard that? Suckers walk around talking bout they can burn that Soft MC, he can't be talking to me Cause I'm far from a wuss and I never was a puss I grab the mic, MC's start to get petrol Cause there's no MC like Phife, like those who fight progresso Open your back, not give you no slack, see what I'm saying son? There more to this here than being short, dark, and handsome Messing with my lady, you know that's a no-no Why? Because you can't mess with my Yo-Yo You know that I'm the one, you know that I'm the boss I'm in there (Like the Dove?) No, like Franco ?Source? [Chi-Ali] Well it's me Chi-Ali and I'm the last to spark, yo Everywhere I go I get stalked by NARC And TNT just can't understand You see a brother with gear, a beeper, and in his pocket a grand But enough of that, let me break it down We are all black brothers on a quest, yes we do have soul Some of us are hoein', some are on the positive road Me, I'm hoein', on the mic I'm flowing With the tongue and we are positively growing Now when I'm in a battle, I just be having fun But competition be so scared that they be whitling come Now ou heard me flow to a nice tempo so, let the horns blow The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Common f/ De La Soul Album: One Day It'll All Make Sense Song: Gettin' Down at the Amphitheater Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash 	"Ga-ga-gangbusters!!" [Dove] Hey give it Boogie like the BX, sex regular booger bitches get the backseat, G-bumps'll make you buy tapes Ex-cape the fire tonight, switch like Jekyll and Hyde and shit, wreckin we live and shit This swamp water style'll keep em dirty and wet I bet mills on the rhyme skills, we walk away set Rich like topsoil, connect coin with currency Places that I couldn't pronounce, and then bounce Illegal ain't illegal if it's less than an ounce Keep it come in T. La Rock amounts, see +It's Yours+ Study scrolls that includes the clause Get your dirty paws out my bowl, your hustle's too old to deal with the shuffle, you exhaust me like a muffle Get zapped and zipped in the duffle Came to the set splashed, no Roley on the wrist To Hell with a guest list, we all up in this! A two dollar somethin got your eyes on him But yo she pinchin my ass so we go, limb for limb Lights studio dim, it's EXACT tonight So we can drop the Rap Delight, on one! 	Just dance, you know you gots the feelin 	Just dance, ah come on and get down 	and just dance, you know you gots the feelin 	Just dance, ah come on and get down 	and just dance, you know you gots the feelin 	Just dance, ah come on and get down 	and just dance, you know you gots the feelin 	Just dance, ah come on and get down 		"Just get on down.." [Common] Underground under pressure, my style is the child of a lesser, God, I Master like Farad Persona in between the El Rook'n, and El DeBarge Metaphorically massage, verbal hajj I take over breaks and chop loops Glorifyin, one-eighty hat cats can rock in my troops Wisdom like a tooth, mock new shits I knock loose Datin game Thursday's I spot juice, Plug like Pos'nus Before you get a style, let's get a style My style pans the crowd back and forth You were soft as the tracks you rappin off, I pop shit You tried to laugh it off, actin like you had to cough and didn't hear it, my spirit sustains in the same pattern emcee, familiar sample period; spottin where you sampled  your rhyme scheme from -- I ain't clearin it I drop science and experiment -- contractually came to terms of endearment with my label Want to pick out a day to smack wack niggaz, I contact niggaz like P.O.'s, you spit background lyrics, I rip Lee flows Wipin your nose like you need blows Claimin it's a allergy, I react allergic to cats or is it how they word it If you had weight it must have been some pussy you served with Thoughts fermented, I rode rhythms and words tinted Many lip profess, I'm verb centered 	Just dance, you know you gots the feelin 	Just dance, ah come on and get down 	and just dance, you know you gots the feelin 	Just dance, ah come on and get down 	and just dance, you know you gots the feelin 	Just dance, ah come on and get down 	and just dance, you know you gots the feelin 	Just dance, ah come on and get down 		"Just get on down.." [Pos] It's like rip y'all, add it on to lip Wonder Why's upon this, just to flex my strength I was the one who killed wackness so I had to do a bid of twelve years on the mic, before parole with Tommy 'Kid' Infinite landscaper, green paper maker Leap far from home with chrome rims and trims Man these people still takin rappin for a joke The pimp, I rock it one-double-oh percent Some of you MC's should be called CM's, Carbon Monoxide on the mic exposin your polluted bloodtype Y'all niggaz need a visit from the Brain Fairy Walk around dead, like your physical's buried Wrote the rhymes durin a earthquake, cause your style's shaky as SHIT! Just need to come clean and admit that yo' quick draw fails the test, and mine was flawless My DJ gave the scratch, yours was clawless Your crew couldn't even measure to mine That's why yo' bitches is busted, and mines is fine Performin with an upper design, so back on off the plank We bringin this Big and Bad like Hank 	Just dance, you know you gots the feelin 	Just dance, ah come on and get down 	and just dance, you know you gots the feelin 	Just dance, ah come on and get down 	and just dance, you know you gots the feelin 	Just dance, ah come on and get down 	and just dance, you know you gots the feelin 	Just dance, ah come on and get down 		"Just get on down.." 	and just dance, you know you gots the feelin 	Just dance, ah come on and get down 	and just dance, you know you gots the feelin 	Just dance, ah come on and get down 	and just dance, you know you gots the feelin 	Just dance, ah come on and get down 	and just dance, you know you gots the feelin 	Just dance, ah come on and get down!!! 		"Just get on down.." * cut and scratch of "Just get on down.." to the song's end * The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DJ Honda f/ De La Soul Album: DJ Honda - HII Song: Trouble in the Water Typed by: lordjazz@texas.net INTRO What's up, world? Goin' give you a little love right here My man, DJ Honda blessed us with a joint Word up, De La up in here, ha We goin' to spread a little love To some folks who up in my hair right now Ah'ight? Check it out Verse One It was a big deal moving my big wheel to L.I. Had a back yard, tho' shit moved slow Caught a cat on the humble, wassup, wassup, kid? Ya'll be memorizin' flicks of the wild things we did We was brick-ball niggas, six small niggas And they knew it, and wasn't no-body runnin' through us  Steppin' in the backyard parties was a blast Fucking up our sneakers on the wet grass Remember getting stabbed in ya ass? Your Moms sat us all down Said we was niggas and clowns but it was just love And plus love showed me that she was a diamond Findin' out God, took a hit me dead on my heart  And made the eye water start But you was strong, can ya hear me Huggy? Keep your mind crystal clear when your thought gets muggy We them easy street kids from Mr. Bryant's basement Wishin' for the Apollo, tryin' to get dough Now my time moves slow, ain't it all full circle? A dove cry makes the whole scene turn purple Remember that night you had to hide in the freezer? For real, see them kids were real, we still ?slear? But now we grown niggas, and we handling kids We been since day one, and the days ain't over Gotta share a back seat, push with the chauffer My Pops said he's waiting for your ass in the zone So we can fly to the land, and welcome you home Rob-O see we good to go, you know the rest... Don't stress, love-love baby. Ah'ight? Chorus If you got time to give, I got time to think See, it could all change in one eye blink While you in the trouble water I hope ya don't sink Don't sink, don't sink, don't sink Verse Two Check it out Some rarely saw the negative cause From the depths of one's blurred everything's now Cleared by laws Mad for mere seconds, in the span of dying Trying to tell you don't go, I'm about to blow No mo' innocence, it's about the dollars And events of fame Aren't you? Search your name From the group? Search your name On the dotted line, back before the rhyme I had reasons To punch the kid who tried teasin' during lunch It was a matter of pro-mo-ting de-cen-cy But the 'de' and the 'cy' fell off, so I sinned Again and again, until Jesus came down Wait, I'm still sinning! I guess he hasn't reached the ground! Thoughts of me, before my voice could Even recall, couldn't afford the physical peep How then was now, but now is not Yo, I'm a minute wiser but it seems, kid I got some beef, can't take or shake off the wrong Accept my apologies to Bob, pass the horn! No need for false alarm Word up! The Nuyopian charm is for show back again It's rememberin' the was that is now gone For the access of the now so I can move on For the access of the now so I, so I Chorus x2 Outro G'night world, g'night world De La, yo My man DJ Honda is on the beat like this Don't sink, don't sink, don't sink, don't sink ya'll Just letting ya'll into the fleeing moments Of the memories of mine And about like this, one time, one time The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DV Alias Khrist f/ Maseo Album: Rejuvenation 12" Song: Rejuvenation (Move, Stomp) Typed by: bootleg210@msn.com [Maseo (DV Alias Khrist)] Whooo! C'mon, (yea yea) C'mon, (Brooklyn) My colleges I want y'all to do one thing (What's that, what's that?) You hear it? (What, what?) (Uh-huh, uh-huh) {"Move, stomp, move, stomp" - repeat in background of all choruses} [Chorus - DV Alias] All my people get up and do your, thing All my ladies get up and do your, thing All my fellas get up and do your, thing Everybody get up and do your, thing [Verse 1] Ladies and gentlemen, yeah it's me again DV slash to K The master from how to MC-n-sing But I keep a humble attitude Far from rude, ex that I hear the beat and hundreds improve Get up on the dancefloor It's been a long time comin like Sam Cook So what this man cooks has gotta be hot to keep you movin It's time to blast off Cuz most cats ain't singin nothin, and they think that's the formula Don't quit ya day job fella Cuz ya dealin with brothers that do this for a livin Dynasty, Beega Marv, we here to stop all the drillin For those who like sinnin [Chorus - DV Alias] All my people get up and do your, thing (Come on!) All my ladies get up and do your, thing (Come on!) All my fellas get up and do your, thing (Come on!) Everybody get up and do your, thing [Verse 2] Aiyyo stop what ya doin cuz DV's about to ruin The wick-wick wack that your used to Got thugs, slammin they deuce-deuce When ya hear this club-banger, produced by Maseo Brooklyn, yea you know how it go Got Brownsville up in my veins So much that a tattoo couldn't even hide my tracks, but I maintain and stay calm - and drop bombs Like if my name was, Flex or Saddam Don't be alarmed huh, cuz this ain't a test It's DV Alias live in the flesh When SMG's in the house there's no contest So I suggest that.. [Chorus - DV Alias] All my people get up and do your, thing (Come on!) All my ladies get up and do your, thing (Come on!) All my fellas get up and do your, thing (Come on!) Everybody get up and do your, thing (Come on!) [Verse 3] Yo, all my people in the place if ya loud let's turn the threb' up While the "Ain't No Wait" thump pumps hard in ya chest Everybody drenched in the sweat from dancin all night It's a party y'all, so there's no need for the fights We gets viza-viggity crunk, like the Malerna cats Where the porevas and the players sip the Henny, Coniyac Gangsta Boo's in the back yellin "Where the dollas at? " And the thugs reply "In my pocket, where it's stayin at" I'm scratchin off, any course placed in my way Then my plan is, to snatch a couple Grammies off the stage, and yell "Brooklyn!" And hold one up for Front Page You and the little ones see though for my dawgs are out the way I ain't comin in this game to play I ain't really with the fame, but I love what I do And I hope some'll feel the same But if not, it's all good I'ma get mines regardless cuz it's all 'bout the goo [Chorus - DV Alias] 2x All my people get up and do your, thing (Come on!) All my ladies get up and do your, thing (Come on!) All my fellas get up and do your, thing (Come on!) Everybody get up and do your, thing (Come on!) [DV Alias] Yea yea DV Alias Khrist 'Roll or be rolled over' That's the slogan Stop playin VMR, Dynasty De La Soul, Native Tongues, takin over Pop that deck... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Gorillaz f/ De La Soul Album: Demon Days Song: Feel Good Inc. Typed by: ava_azn@yahoo.com [Verse 1] City's breaking down on a camel's back They just have to go cause they don't hold back So all you fill the streets, it's appealin' to see You won't get out the county cause you're bad and free You got a new horizon, it's ephemeral style A melancholy town where we never smile And all I wanna hear is the message beep My dreams, they gotta kiss it because I don't get sleep No [Hook] Windmill, windmill for the land Learn forever hand in hand Take it all, let on your stride It is sticking, falling down Love forever, love is free Let's turn forever, you and me Windmill, windmill for the land Is everybody in? [Verse 2] Laughing gas these hasmats, fast cats Linin' 'em up like ass cracks Ladies, homies at the track It's my chocolate attack Shit, I'm steppin' in heart of this here Care bear reppin' in heart of this here Watch me as I gravitate ha HA ha HA Yo we gon' ghost town this Motown With yo' sound, you in the place Gon' bite the dust, can't fight with us With yo' sound you kill the Inc So don't stop, get it get it Until you're cheddar header Watch the way I navigate ha HA ha HA [Hook] Windmill, windmill for the land Learn forever hand in hand Take it all, let on your stride It is sticking, falling down Love forever, love is free Let's turn forever, you and me Windmill, windmill for the land Is everybody in? [Outro] Don't stop, get it get it We pirate captains in it Steady, watch me navigate ha HA ha HA Don't stop, get it get it We pirate captains in it Steady, watch me navigate ha HA ha HA The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Gorillaz f/ De La Soul, Gruff Rhys Album: Plastic Beach Song: Superfast Jellyfish Typed by: kill4747@hotmail.com "This morning you've got time for a hot home cooked breakfast. Delicious and piping hot in only three microwave minutes." "Are you kidding?!" [Dave] + (Gruff Rhys) Yo, pretty packages of frosted delights (Look, it comes with a toy, hehe, I like that I wanna number four, number six, and throw in a plastic donut) Just enjoy the gritty crunch that tastes just like chicken? Wrappers of many bite sizes (Man, are you freaking blind!? That's a rock) All mixed into potful Momma's home-made from scratch well not quite! (Nope!) Toasted over flames they be tasting quite right! [Posdnuos] + (Gruff Rhys) All hail King Neptune and his water-breathers  No snail thing too quick for his water-feeders Don't waste time with ya net Our net worth is set Ready, go, many know others (What?) We be the colors of the mad and the wicked We be bad, we be brick it With the twenty-four hours sign Shower mine happens While you dine like grabbers with the crunchy, crunchy carrots (Oh, that's chicken!) Gotta have it super? fast! "? breakfast you got time for..." [2-D] Super fast, super fast I come in last, but just, in time for breakfast Keep it true, keep it true, forever blue  The night, the night throws at us aluminum, a crucial food, aluminum The sea is radioactive, the sea is radioactive [Posdnuos] + (Gruff Rhys) All hail King Neptune and his water-breathers  No snail thing too quick for his water-feeders Don't waste time with ya net Our net worth is set Ready, go, many know others (What?) We be the colors of the mad and the wicked We be bad, we be brick it With the twenty-four hours sign Shower mine happens While you dine like grabbers with the crunchy, crunchy carrots (Oh, that's chicken!) Gotta have it super? fast! [2-D] Super fast, super fast I come in last, but just, in time for breakfast Keep it true, keep it true, forever blue  The night, the night throws at us aluminum, a crucial food, aluminum The sea is radioactive, the sea is radioactive Super fast jellyfish (Repeat x4?)  (Don't waste time!) Super fast jellyfish (Repeat x20) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jake One f/ Posdnuos (De La Soul), Slug (Atmosphere) Album: White Van Music Song: Oh Really Typed by: PDog1217@aol.com [Verse 1 - Posdnuos] They say in the last days the father's own child goin to come Ain't no side of him yet, I think he's on the run 'Til then the party don't stop, 'til the sun Swallowed a shot of Play Hard, now I'm numb So loose and ready to spaz over the drum Give 'em the full sum, so this genera-tion! Don't ever front on the Plug One Oddball out of the bunch but still ball with the best of 'em Been a pop off play to a U-G-K like Pimp and Bun And when I'm somewhere in between, still second to none When I'm somewhere off the scene, I'm off wreckin your hun He majored in thumb sucking, without usin a thumb I'm here to stun you, with the way I un-do, the mass thinkin, my career  is done 'Cause in the end, your goin to know (it's just begunnn!!) Head into the studio with the rhymes that's Homer spun Aim past the fame and shot the fortune in the leg, and you know he bled, shred in crumbs Swooped it up, fed some birds, put the rest in the vault, keep it up  into my lung Stop suckin in oxygen 'Til then I stay gold like Pony Boy (they young) [Verse 2 - Slug] So who's the flyest and who's the highest? And who spits the vitamins for kids to digest? Who's goin to be the star in the sky At the after party, With my bodyguards and my stylist? Kid, go get your nails and your hair did It's cool your American, you can blame your parents One big ringtone away from careless So turn up the bass 'til it makes you feel air sick Life is complex, I reflect But I ain't supposed to cry if I want to get respect The winner gets dinner yet who pays the check? The internet got us makin hits with people we ain't never met Log on and rock, rock on And we ain't goin to stop until these motherfuckin cops gone Hopped on the stove top, stirred up the pot wrong Got milk, got bombs, we ain't got long I'm goin to party like it's 19 - never mind And take it back to when today was a better time Before the rap game became a soup ghetto line Before the paper it was flavor like a pepper grind What? We download for the taste test Yep, 'cause we ain't tryin to waste a paycheck Used to be the tape decks, played the apex Now it's all safe sex with fake breasts (breasts ...) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: J. Period f/ De La Soul Album: J.Period Presents... The (Abstract) Best Song: Excursions (Tribute Remix) Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com, Gemini_20502K@Yahoo.com {J. Period cuts and scratches} "Back in the days when I was a teenager?" The Last Poets  ("De La Soul... is dead!" - Jungle Brothers)  ("HELL NO!" - Run-D.M.C.) [Dave - Verse Two] You gotta be a winner all the time Can't fall prey to a hip hop crime With these dope raps and dope tracks you move heads Went from B-Boys to bein dope boys instead Musically the Quest, never compromised With the new version let the dated one slide Continuin a legacy, true to the shit If you don't know us then you're new to the shit So what you gonna do with the times that exist? Can't fake moves on your man or your sis But if your sis is a bird, your man is a clown Then have an intervention sit they dumb asses down Whatever it may be in today's society "Everything is Fair" at least it's how it seems to me  As long as you're candid, earn your respect And if they play phony then they gotta get checked Especially if you're rhymin, live by the pen Your man is your man, then treat him like your friend We 'gon play it by the code of the streets So listen to the gems, flooded over beats Beats that are hard, beats that are funky Make you get a your hook like a can of mean junkies What you gotta do is know that fam is in the sphere The Poet 86 is prominent like Shakespeare ("Edgar Allen Poe..." - Q-Tip) [Chorus: Sample chorus of "Excursions" by A Tribe Called Quest] (Dave) We gotta make moves Never, ever, ever could we fake moves (Can't fake the moves y'all) We gotta make moves Never, ever, ever could we fake moves (De La, Tribe Called Quest, J. Period) C'mon, we gotta make moves Never, ever, ever could we fake moves (come on!) We gotta make moves Never, ever, ever could we fake MOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOVES.... "Time is running out on black power Africans today  and whites blacks reporters at night  Everytime you see them ?? with their tongues hangin out  Time is running and past and passing and running  Running and past and passing and running (excursions)" [Pos: Outro] Excursionnnnnnnnnnnnnnns, Na-na-NAH-NAH-NAH!!!! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jungle Brothers f/ De La Soul, Q-Tip, Monie Love Album: Done By the Forces of Nature Song: Doin' Our Own Dang Typed by: scott_rodkey@hotmail.com [Maceo] Me, Plug Three, the one they call Baby Huey The one that gets all the money (all the money) Yeah, that's right [Dove] A fat funky fruit with a whole lot of tang A little something called "Doing Our Own Thang" Breaking the beat others wished they broke Bassline so dope that you just might choke Don't bite off something that you can't chew And don't trail behind when I'm coming through Fronting the feel that you really can't feel Cause you're trying to feel what's on my reel to reel [Q-Tip] A tree is growing Can't you see what I see? A white blue fruit to boot We count to ten before we pass the crews, now that's family Equipped with the brothers and the sisters and the sisters and the brothers And all others, with the funky flairs, the bugged-out hairs It's the life of Riley, I'm really ready Gazing at the dollar fill of rap The cool june bugs, the wicks, the wacks Praise the rhythms for what it beez And praise the Lord for the JB's 	We're doing our own thang (Repeat 4x) [Posdnuos] Isn't it cool when you cut your hair And the blood is red instead of sellout green This is not the music for an R&B mind This is flower intertwined with a vine (In other words this is rose) You see what I mean? Or see what Grandpa Bam saw Funk we transmit is unstable One condition if I am able to say (Yes you may) Well hey, let's get on with it Vocal confetti is thrown, sometimes spitted Out the vents of hecklers and fans Either which way they all hop on the van The band, the band, here comes the band The tribe of fingers all on one hand Me, myself, and I are dark Monie Love the mouthpiece, it's now yours to spark [Monie Love] Sister Monie, the only one here who missed a plane back to London Residing with my brothers and I learned a lot from them About the group, how to be smooth and play funky And sometimes rated it's kind of funky, but it's cool For we are beyond the stereotypes Coordination crazy, but still it sounds hype Rocking on and off beat, and I do believe I'm right (You're right) Am I wrong? (Yeah, son) Don't be mad, be glad I missed the plane, I'm staying With the Brothers Jungle, Soul, and the Tribe I'm saying Funky funky rhymes that always stay in swing I believe we doing our own thing 	We're doing our own thang (Repeat 4x) [Afrika] Well my family sets all the trends From soul to soul, large to loose ends ?And I all my groups like kill?  (Cause that's where the money's at) Yeah, the industry's filled with copycats R&B mixed with sloppy raps Tribes like us always open doors But what for, so you can get yours? You ain't in to it, all you want is profit So I ask you please to stop it Leave me alone, get off my bone Cause I'm doing my own... [Mike G] A new seed, a new breed A new man you to feed the greed A new pair of boots for a new piece of butt Sweet daddy are you there? (Sammy B is on the cut!) Spinning back for a rap that's laid back Read to kic back, those get no slack I may rock a rhyme or I may start to sing But still, I'm doing my own thing [Dove] In comes the mood of Jungle and Daisies Play the same and let the vibes grace me All hold hands and let's walk about And form a cirlce and talk about Don't follow the path that we're stepping Truth to the soul is what I'm cramming Reasons for this is that the family's strong And like Bob Marley said "We're jammin" Seeing is beliving, so see and believe And let the groove of the new proceed A whole bunch of love, peace signs, and fun So let's do what's got to be done, you know? The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jungle Brothers f/ De La Soul, Q-Tip Album: Raw Deluxe Song: How Ya Want It We Got It (Native Tongues Mix) Typed by: jtessier@cs.uml.edu How Ya Want It We Got It [Oh yeah!] (x4) {Dove} Hey Mr. Africa [What] This joint is headed Man I'm glad that beef is debted I jolt the bullet quick Out of the fifty-one six To hear my Sammy on the mix [Aight] We flipped the belt I felt the rubber burnin' See I was yearnin' for the moment Man opponents couldn't stop me When I first heard AC/DC I had to get a copy. Now I'm swole Who try to patrol my family Your fantasy back in the day was to be native But now your sh-t's sedated I bring the doctor, I'm a for the remedy But some pretend to be A bit seditty Your atittude is sh-tty I'm getting downright grimy and grity Introducin' to the scene is Mike Giggy {Mike G} Yo, we sling the raw through the airwaves, We make you wanna misbehave We gotcha hooked Like the rhythm and the slaves So catch a phase of the craze Noddin' heads for days He's acting stingy with the level And he spreads in many ways So if you want to test the effervesce Come along and be my guest Yo, 'cause Jungle Brothers in the House {Dove} And De La's in the house {Q-Tip} And Q-Tip from A Tribe Called Quest Ya Ya Ya Ya You wanna all it, Y'know cause I could give it all night N-gga And make ya last Mike Gigger, Africa, Sammy B, the JBeez Straight out the jungle with the natural remedy I'm reppin' We lettin' off joints at this section The steppin' Rhymes, turntables and beats are lethal weapons And the essence You know we got alot like constock The Native Tongues are here with that brew for your heart We're makin' ample usage of the times that we see Tell us how you want it, and we bring the strategy So, How ya want it, we got it [Oh Yeah!](x4) {Posdnous} Now imported from the planet of dope sh-t Be the native tongue Rocka one plug infinite dot com Getcha tail hooked in the thoughts Don Perry on free back where ladies love to hear the emcee We be The neccessary realism While you be Chicken lo mein stream baby, What? Place it in your gut. Guaranteed. We in the lead to run rap [Ya] Just hand over the deed {Africa} Now Ya heard about, read about Be apart of it don't front Now I'ma play ya like the government And give ya what I think ya want: That native river To make ya rock with one another Cause in my eyes, I consider us all sisters and brothers So to the table I bring Fat jams to make ya sing Cause I'm starvin', I haven't had nothing like this Since Doin' Our Own Dang So be ya P, Is it ready? To flip ya pattern of speech Cause I thinks There's heads out there we still need to reach {Dove} True, yo this joint is crazy Get's the lazy out of Hey yo Mikey how ya figure? I wouldn't wanna catch cold. {Mike G} This joint is wisdom, kid. {Dove} And be emcee I'm out to get old I seek the blessed the drum pattern from brand new to tatterred and torn This place is Jimmy crack corn My sh-ts Mazola Your style's kiddy like Crayola JBeez be the top dola I mean dollar Study the E-M-C-E-Es to remain the rhyme scholars Now, How ya want it we got it [Oh yeah!] (x2) {Africa} Record shop nine to five With the Raw Deluxe Jungle Brother Africa - I got the Native Tongue touch Verbal grammar - comin' atcha like a Black Panther Check the sampler The microphone man handler! Crowd controller Yes we gotcha open, gotcha ampler Shootin' the gift like Saint Nick, the black Santa [He's checkin' his list] Say what? [He's checkin' it twice] Ya! You ain't gettin' sh-t If they naughty if ya nice So come down the chimney Brothers the vicinity Lock down ya block nonstop with the remedy {Posdnous} Similiar to water out the clouds I'm here to reign supreme Self-esteem lower than Them rides in Cali Is the reason why these n-ggas Rally around the bull sh-t Rubber duck, you can't bull sh-t Occupy world-wide With frontings all the misses These womans don't love us so we forced to talk to b-tches Tryin to ease up in the rises Sayin' "I like the way you stylin' Let me in the passenger while you play the pilot." Listen baby doll [doll] Recites is a peeper Hair fully wooly but you mental's six ether and I don't live that. So step up top And watch the Native Tongues lick the crop for the cream The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Masta Ace & Edo G f/ Jamelle Brundy, Light, Posdnuos (De La Soul) Album: Arts & Entertainment Song: Good Music Typed by: Gemini_20502K@Yahoo.com, kirenamloh@msn.com [Intro: Masta Ace] Yea...  One, two, check us out yo.. Fantastic, Spinna waddup? [Verse One: Masta Ace] Yeah, we come from everywhere - Brooklyn, New York  Boston, L.I., everywhere you walk We put it on the line with intensive rhymes Everytime a DJ put his hands on a Numark And cut it up like, {*scratches*} "..like this" The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: N.E.R.D. f/ Common, De La Soul, Mos Def, Q-Tip Album: She Wants to Move 12" Song: She Wants to Move (Native Tounges Remix) Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com [Q-Tip - Intro] (Pharrell) To the, uh to the ah, um um ah To the, uh to the ah, um um ah (Bass) To the, uh to the ah, um um ah To the, uh to the ah, um um ah [Common] Do-do-da-dom-ga-dom (AHH!) HEY! She move, she move, I like the way she turn around but somehow still face me A sweet girl, a-ah, ah, was tasty for the cash, she +Dash+ like Stacy Said she wanna move from there on some Lil' Jon shit, all she knew was "Yeah!" ...Told her act like you know Pimpin the game, had to act like a hoe Inside she was black as a 'fro Sheen of a queen on a booty shake scene Seen with a chick, a dude to make green Change colors, change cities, change dreams You can be in the game but you need to change teams We both all papers so we in the same genes It'll pop, you ain't gotta go mainstream So get with this rebel things and let's move [Chorus: Pharrell] Hey mista, look at your girl...I housed her... And she gon' fuck now, don't you know that? I housed her... (Don't you know that?) I housed her... (Don't you know that?!) I housed her... (nigga) And she gon' fuck now [Mos Def] AHHHH-OWWW!! And that's how I fell You ain't checkin your dame, then I will She got a secret that her body cain't hold She got close to the bass and let it go-ah High tide, everlasting {?} flow-a Set that down on freak radio-ah Push it up 'til her antenna show-ah Horny out nipple stereo, AH! What it is, where ya at? Here we go-AH! Double-dare, ante up, tally-ho -ah! Lights down, lights up {?} bulb - ah! Super duper fly, supernatural - ah! Hips in a twist, thighs on her work - ah! Starin past her room, actin like you know - ah Like it wants-a, here we go ma [*Mos Def panting*] (DAMN!) [Posdnuos] (Dave) AIYYO!! - You must feel well-rested from all the sleepin in on the fact That yo' lady's in-vested.. into the mind games boarded at - myself  But wealth's not the reason It's my poor if you any (hardly) Oddly enough for wantin to get in between her like dots between them letters N.E. - (R.D.!) Huh, she just wanna be free Submerge herself completely within (Sweat) on the floor from Alpha to End Lend me yo' ears, my countrymen Cause this city boy has no fears Rep NY everyday, all year But I rep in the name of my love for how you're movin The chance of you backin it UP, to make me.. [Dave] (Posdnuos) Hey yo, beat it, boardwalk! She ain't property Parked her place in my Monopoly "Sixteen Candles", she blew me in my birthday suit I wouldn'ta thawed her with that bracelet star Ace Saw, she a little athletic But he's goaltendin (swat for shots) Playin the mind gamesn (wantin to watchin meeeeeeee...) She that Ultra Mag and OTAG Spray can sexy (Psss! Psss!) The colors got gang niggaz callin the truth (PSSSS!) Make a madman go chase the life  and vacate his faith and go browse the proof But your shops got gates in front, the basic hunt Your ligaments thicker than possum meat You possibly, define a one-night stand But I won't know, because of your man [*dog barks*] [Q-Tip] Escort your honeydip to the Native Tounges show She's a Abstract freak, and you didn't even know The lights go down, her body hits the ground Clearly she's affected by the Q-Tip method Her Jungle Brothers shirt is the symbol of her heart How much you wanna bet more than her bra is wet How far you gonna go to block the lady flow She just wanna move, unless you bust her groove I didn't even mention that the tail is Titanitc I didn't wink back when she winked, so don't panic Pretty guinevere with her hands in the air One more drink, ma should fuckin stay there Don't be the jelly bean whose color turns green Be the proud man, let go of her hand *woof* Let her get more to the four on the floor To the, "Um, chicka, ah da um, um, da ah!" [Chorus 2X - w/ Q-Tip "Um-chicka-ah-ing"] Artist: Nightmares On Wax f/ De La Soul Album: Sound of N.O.W. [EP] Song: Keep On (86'n It Mix) Typed by: jcruelty1@yahoo.com  We just keep on rockin' (7x) 86'in it We was 5 bricks in it Firm like a silicon tit in it Had the sticks and the 40's all thick in it Workin hard like we cotton-pickin it Now we shittin it Herb spittin it Atom and neutron headz splittin it Keep the clique (?) you know whatever syncin it Press the record button start printin it Now she winkin it I's trickin it Stuffed about a couple-a inch in it UK represent, U-Kickin it Wide open, stop you from blinkin it We be overseas, battleship sinkin it Your rhymes sound like you put no think in it You out for the Rolly look and the mink in it While we sportin the real roller-rink in it Skate like we wearin the ice to infinite Bout it like we runnin with P and No Limit Straight and no gimmick We all bout to it (?) From Piccadilly Circus down to Conduit Ask how we do it Keepin the fix in it Lay some old shit, complete the mix in it Expenses we trimmin, I'm out to afford I'm tryin to even see the lawn from backyard to the brawl (?) From Capetown to Leeds (we just keep on rockin) We at incredible speeds (we just keep on rockin) LA over to France, we make your hoes dance Fulfillin all your needs (we just keep on rockin) And wild out to London (we just keep on rockin) You know how we run it (we just keep on rockin) Whether the mountains of Maine or beaches out in Spain We out to go sun it (we just keep on rockin) Yo, take your style to the back, to the back of the bus We front seat drive, no one else stares but us Never the act of, I activate the jam That be my life Baby J (?) and you know who I am The fans pulling cameras out like guns to shoot We got this rap shit tied without the suit Lookin for loot, in all the right places to look And tonight it's in your pocket so pay these cooks Cause we servin up a batch of the words to match Hand delivered with some drugs that Mace attached (Maceo!) My combos concrete, ask the fleet Or better yet ask your crew who knows defeat But beyond that I be the capital cat (?) Known to dog a girl out with wax or dat (all that?) Bring official illustration to woman and man Solo, individual, group or clan Put the chap (?) to the neck to watch you nod Flippin rhymes on the even, off the odd Fresh off the pod, I got the gifted place What you need to taste up in your face Straight with no chase, move on and on We splicin projects with some herbal-ons (?) De La never pitchin you run of the mill So watch my infantry storm all over the hill 40 below in Alaska (we just keep on rockin) To the folks in Madagascar (we just keep on rockin) When we in Philly eatin cheese steaks with Aunt Milly We still gonna blast ya (we just keep on rockin) Up in the Alps of Switzerland (we just keep on rockin) To the white cliffs of Dover (we just keep on rockin) High tech like Japan, and out to Scotland Where they ain't never sober (we just keep on rockin) It's singulary like the Odd Couple, kinda hot on the pavement Your style is pretty like floral arrangements Engaged but, she bitchin bout the wedding (word?) Seen a lot of ass so where's my ass-headin? Miss my Pro-Keds with the stripes on the bottom Always cross my t's but my i's I don't dot em See the rules ain't the rules if they ain't bein broke We old-folkin it, got you smokin it Herb communications cause we talk that talk Whether Yorkshire or New York, New York Deep from the sleeps, I'm gettin Nightmares on Wax Fear can't exist if you got the facts And if you gots to ask, well you ain't heard about us Holdin more cream than the cream in clam chowders We deep like Parliament, parts of it We keeps at all ease from the start to get (?) You can find my rhymes where paperbacks are sold Place my backbone in it with my heart to hold I work the zero with the ten in front, so what you want? How much of it and where, I'll bring it to you fair My brothers throughout Tab (?) call me Fly Care (?) Pretty babies call me baby come here You get on the choke, as if throat was filled with strep While I inject the mic with rep It ain't nothin but the step to take, never bringin it fake Got the frontier wantin chicken heads with steaks I paint this whole scene magnificent, magnanimous Distort the mental court, like cannibus For those who want the play, bring the pay While I be rippin rhymes at the dock or the bay Push it back on the fader (nah turn it up kid!) While the beats stay bangin, directly engineered (damn!) We in the bush of Nigeria (we just keep on rockin) Diggin the dirt in Atlanta (we just keep on rockin) Smokin that what in Amsterdam, just me and my man While we duck in Dantana (?) Now we in the middle of Queens (we just keep on rockin) Jumpin like Mexican beans (we just keep on rockin) Peace to my folks in Iraq, we sew the whole map And stitch the inseams (we just keep on rockin) Word up (we just keep on rockin) International style (we just keep on rockin) Takin it from the US to the UK with my man Ease You know how we do it please oh please (we just keep on rockin) Tai-uli (?) on the board (we just keep on rockin) Cornego (?) in the crib-o (we just keep on rockin) Wonderwhy in the area I.C.L. posse in the place to be (we just keep on rockin) You know how we do  De La, Mr. Maceo We just keepin on rockin (x3) Brick wall way, six feet tall way, you know how we do Peace The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Oh No f/ Posdnous Album: Exodus Into Unheard Rhythms Song: Smile a Lil Bit Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Pos - gradually getting louder and slower] Testing {*11X*} I done tested enough So let me show you my stuff You know the name worth 'matic, father of three Same thirst as the first time fathered a beat And we display the art the way we want to do it Leave up it to y'all to either cheer it or boo it Ten times out of 10 you choose not to do the latter And De La will shatter all the rules about who's supposed to stick around Or sound off over them drums to place some life in it No Native reunion without the Ali, Tip and Phife in it Don't nag me about it Just know that the love is there And understand that long-term music industry love is rare Learned to face the game without the game face attached So I get 'em off guard, they ain't even no match for me Plug Two minus Three and never the Zero Tryin to be forever your hero, here we go! [Chorus 2X: Pos] + (Oh No) You need to smile a lil' bit (aiyyo frown a lil' less) Read a couple of books (and then smoke a lil' sess) Get your mind right (but don't OD) Cause overdoin it ain't doin it with quality [Pos] Yo, it ain't popsicles and ice cream {Niggaz} get popped for trickles of ice on their necks and ears But it ain't always violent as you hear and see You can find a lot of good in the hood Find a lot of keys to open doors to suc-cess with ease I walk on hard times like doormats Sometimes they walk on me right back, but I get right back at'cha like I ain't been phased, born and raised in the maze called New York City But the master of the maze is just the winner losin Whether in Inglewood or Stockholm I got homes to rest in with the breezies included This is my day job that everybody wants But you need to work a lot of nights to get it Fell in love with it the first time I met it And you can do the same, but understand y'all in this game [Chorus] - 2X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Prince Paul f/ De La Soul, Truth Enola Album: Politics of the Business Song: Drama Queen Typed by: timm2014@hotmail.com [Intro] [Prince Paul on his voice mail] Y'all know what time it is. Just leave a message [Pissed off girlfriend] Hi sweetie. It's me. Remember? Your girlfriend? You know the one that you fuck from time to time I call you, I e-mail you, I page you and yet, no phone call back Why is it that I don't get a phone call?  Let's think. That god damn music of yours that's why That comes first, not me I know we've had this argument time and time again But for some odd reason, over the past, how many years have we been together?  Music still comes first to you. Where do I fit in? When am I ever gonna fit in? [Chorus] [Truth Enola] (De La Soul) Love (Dealin' with the drama in your...) Life (Pressure from your queen) You're holdin' me too... Leave (You can leave now) Be all right Love (Dealin' with the drama in your...) Life (Pressure from your queen) You're holdin' me... Follow my lead Be all right [Verse One] [Truth Enola] Drama queen, givin' a man Best of the sex Worst of the stress Half of the love Half the respect Overstand your emotional moods It's a blank When it comes to my technical ways, gettin' bank First message on my cell, "Daddy please come home." Second message, "Daddy please, I don't wanna be alone." Third message, "I know you fuckin' them bitches out there." Forth message, "When you get home, I won't be there." Lady, givin' me drama, more than my soul can accommodate Watch your shit miss, I need some time away A little liquor I'm A little drunk I'm Gonna wash away the way you front When you know I spend a lot right (Right) Hit the spot right (right) Split your back right  Even lick your cat right Fuckin' with you Spectacular brain End of the game I'll probably be shackled and chained Drama queen [Chorus] [Truth Enola] Love Life You're holdin' me too tight And if you up and leave Still gonna be alright Love Life You're holdin' me too tight And if you up and leave Still gonna be alright [Verse Two] [Trugoy] You made me hit you once and kick you out four times And you're still in my two way lookin' for a lemon Stay givin' me hell when all I want is peace, pussy and progress To make our little shack/Shaq Shaquille I hustle state to state, smugglin' two inches into studios Just to cut the dope deal You stand on my moods when you got your heels Dead center on my back Bitch get off me You wanna 9 to 5 mono-typical Joe Well I'm a 12 to 12 stereo, extra ordinary You stay with your hands in my face which makes it very Difficult not to reflex (reflex) Picture me on The Source cover Ike Turner smile big headline "Peaceful rapper goes wiiiild" We at it again, it ain't gon' end My niggas whisperin', "It must be the sex." She's my drama queen [Chorus] [Truth Enola] Love Life You're holdin' me too tight And if you up and leave Still gonna be alright Love Life You're holdin' me too tight And if you up and leave Still gonna be alright [Scratches] "Gotta change the way it's goin' down" - De La Soul 'Itzoweezee' [Chorus] [Truth Enola] (De la Soul) [x2] Love (dealin' with the drama in your...) Life (pressure from your queen) You're holdin' me too tight And if you up and leave Still gonna be alright Love Life You're holdin' me too tight And if you up and leave Still gonna be alright [Outro] [Girlfriend talking] You know what? You're probably there right now you just got those god damn headphones on you can't hear me I'm tired of this. I'm tellin' you this I'm really fuckin' tired of it. I don't like coming second, to music okay? The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Prince Paul f/ De La Soul Album: More Than U Know 12"/Prince Among Thieves Song: More Than U Know Typed by: mbfamily@erols.com (And now for my next number....I'd like to return to the classics. Perhaps the most famous classic---) Pos: Yo, yo, excuse me I heard the word from word of mouth That you were into booking flights My, travel agent took a trip up north And I need to book a flight tonight I, enjoyed a getting away from day- To-day stress so I need to leave Soon. (If that's a case, I have no space But for later I'd be sore to (leave?)) Nah, nah, that's not gonna do, I know that you Can find another flight leavin the same Time. I need to get aboard. I can't afford Any penalties to sit in the main cabin  (yo, that didn't rhyme) It doesn't matter (What does? The money. Show the cash and the ticket is yours) Cool. Here's your green. Now I'm up outta the scene But I'll be back to purchase some more Jewels. Chorus: (I like it) More than you know it (I like it) More than you know it (do you want me baby) I want some mo'! (do you want me sugar) I want some mo'! (I like it) (I like it!) (I like it) (I love it!) Pos: Now I'm comin down outta the clouds  And I'm runnin into turbulence Need to get up, up higher again Feelin like my soul's on fire again Don't need to bail for safety, show me where the safe be So I can take me another trip To the agency, cause the travel unravel my woes But now the craving grows So, I need to get a ticket cause man, oh I, Need to get aboard a plane again Some, say I'll crash, but It's my life and cash Gonna write it out until the end Numb, to the lift of the whiff, (grow?), when I vacate frequently And I got, frequent flyer when I retire to death Tell 'em that the big C sent me And a lot, of brothers man. I'm not the only brother At the airport, needin a lift Off. Was a agent til I was caught and brought To an unfair court, pleadin the fifth Soft, ground I prefer upon the mound When I pinched a rock for a fee Now others say standin at the bat isn't where it's at But takin hits is where I'd rather be Chorus Dove: Now I bagged this chick but she got me wide Made me lose my friends and my pride Had me cashing my checks for her Lost all my self-respect for her When I was broke she'd go solicit other guys And if we made love you could see it in my eyes My fantasy was one day to be a millionaire So I could reassure that my baby girl was there I could feel her love, son, I taste it in her lips Mentally she was a trip, had a nigga whipped A lot of other cats got strung out in the past But I'ma get the love last, then I make a dash That's what I thought but Miss Thing was too appealing When I had no dough for her, she had a nigga stealing (Hands hot) Now I'm incarcerated, honey ain't around Into withdrawl from her, while I'm locked down Two years down I hear she's still a thick dime Controllin niggas pockets and even ladies' minds (Here she come) ? with a temptin proposition (Approaching me) But when she said "Hi" I had to listen I'm sweatin beans cause I know I'm gonna bait her Better do it now cause you're bound to do it later I can't refuse her, my denial's a wish Fell into her arm when I gave her a kiss Cause I like it Chorus The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Prince Paul f/ Del, Dove (De La Soul) Album: Handsome Boy Modeling School - So... How's Your Girl? Song: The Projects (PJays) Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash "It may take a long time, but my house will last forever  - and it will have been worth it.  What are you going to build your house with?" [Dove] Yo I'm stayin where we gettin crazy love My noisy neighbors live just above me up in 13-A, there's drama e'ryday The Super say he gon' fix the heat for sure Tchk, I done heard it five times before Three locks on every door  - cause some folks got the tendency to take It ain't Beverly Hills, more like Stephanie Mills I never knew love like this could ever exist Four corners in your metropolis Yo it's the PJays pah! We exquisite like cars made in foreign See ain't a day out here, ever boring Where gunshots keep you up instead of heavy snoring Pipes dripping, instead of rivers pouring The elevator's broken down (daaaamn!)  and man I'm needin a lift Thank God we don't stay up on the twenty-fifth - floor, yo we ain't always at war It's a lot about the Projects I do adore Chorus: Dove, Del But you wouldn't understand it The PJays is like another planet Heavy like granite 	You wouldn't understand it 	The cops will catch you drawers down 	Red-handed, it's outlandish But you wouldn't understand it The PJays is like another planet 	You wouldn't understand it 	The cops will catch you drawers down 	Red-handed, it's outlandish "Yo it's the PJays.." 	{"cau.. cause where I come from.."} 	{"where we live is called the Projects" -> Pos} ".. The PJays.." 	{"cau.. cause where I come from.."} 	{"you might-might-might, might get done..") ".. The PJays.." 	{"cau.. cause where I come from.."} 	{"where we live is called the Projects" -> Pos} ".. The PJays.." 	{"cau.. cause where I come from.."} 	{"What was that you said?"} [Del the Funky Homosapien] Come to our projects bout fo' in the morning So I can tell you what be goin on there One block gunshots some hot stuff Sell it to you for a buck, boy that ain't enough! (C'mon) Handcuffs on your brotherman; my wife's wonderin When you gonna fix that tenant's plumbing man? I'm tired - this ghetto's cool, but it's on fire I see this fool with a crack pipe, lookin wired Hookers for hire (what?) look at the plywood (look!) on the building where termites is living (EW) My wife sleeps peacefully, it ain't easy to me cause I'm tripping off these peoples with they thievery Black white chicano - hell if I know Every guy know about the stolen cell phone I got the hook-up - police got me shook-up in court, can't even fart It's okay though, I got the building, that pay dough But some tenants act like they can say no (hey) I'm gettin older in my years Feel me? I got a folder worth of fears (yup) But it's cool, we gotta make it better (make it better) Don't take my sweater (c'mon) y'all make my head hurt I ain't even gonna finish this song, it's too long I'ma watch Cops, in my La-Z-Boy, in my thong Chorus The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Queen Latifah f/ De La Soul Album: All Hail the Queen Song: Mama Gave Birth to the Soul Children Typed by: scott_rodkey@hotmail.com [Queen Latifah] Possy, Dovey! (Yes mama?) Time to get up! Hello, I'm Queen Latifah, how ya doing? I hope that you're with this, I hope that you're willing I want to introduce you to a cut called "Mama Gave Birth to the Soul Children" [Dove] Well here comes the goy (Goy?) The truth to the goy You know the one, that ate up like boy Stepping with a step, keeping with a kept Making an appearance with a notty-head set Lunatics you lose cause the Plug 2's singing Peace to the negative, nah, you make the weigh-in Weigh-in, weigh-in, way out of order If you know you're better, you'd better that you caught a Waving mine a peace sign higher than a kite If you're feeling sick, it's alright it's fever night Don't do "Do see do" and dig in no potholes Cause if you do we calling in March Patrol It's no different from the verbal last heard Cayumbo is the ruler that's bond to the word He's moving more than three feet, jocking with the knee deep Dove is going to leave you with a tweet tweet tweet [Posdnuos] Next on the menu, we continue with the pasta Dipped in chocolate, served with lotsa Twizzlers and honey, yum yum yummy Lyrics I'm flaunting is good for the tummy Tiptoing in I proceed to the floors Selling much records like a pimp mover Excuse me mommy, Pos wins Cause I'm the A to the Plug W-O-N Brother freak it live for this tribe Now let's ride down the highway of vibes Pushing that we start cause the soul says please Cutting back with the raps and we don't get cheese Ducks and we sit need to get ???? Cause preacher is the key to the casualty Polaroid flicks are back and you know That the soul is moving on up like the Jeffersons 	Go mommy! (Repeat 16x) [Queen Latifah] I'm back, a black queen upon the scene With a knack for funky tracks, know what I mean? Prince Paul produces this and it's a fly one It has a beat that weigh, he's one of my sons It's a family affair and then we're out of here There is no doubt here, cause this is our year So flex to a Queen Latifah/De La Soul sound (Go ahead mama get down) It's inevitable that this joint venture would be incredible We never put ourselves on any pedistal But the rhyme is so good it's practically edible (Say what?) So check the sounds of Mama Zulu As I relay the story untold And if you're wondering why I got kids so big They weren't born from the body, they were born from the soul (De La Soul gives shoutouts til fade) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Rapper Big Pooh f/ Posdnuos (De La Soul) Album: People 12" Song: People (Remix) Typed by: newos_crib_is@hotmail.com [Rapper Big Pooh] High school geek, small town freak No matter where you go everybody's unique Some people peak, and some choose to sneak products from their job, the man call it stealing Records not appealing, brown-noser squealing Niggas in the box staring blank at the ceiling Magazine pictures turn permanent fixtures We call it gatherings, they call it mixers Elevator music, wine, crackers, cheese Somebody uncle house, liquor and some Ds Blacks and degrees, still unemployed Money in abundance never fill the void And not knowing mommy, not knowing daddy Kids everywhere go through this pain sadly Panhandlers gladly accept loose change Tell me you ain't thinking that you see the same thangs To church bring confession, money and a scandal The Lord never give you anything you can't handle Ends of the candle, both burning bright You working all day, rapping all night Rapping on site, not getting niggas deals as MySpace hits and YouTube keep it real Tell 'em how you feel, judge bang the gavel Fortune 500 companies unravel Couples play scrabble, babies play rattles Frats swing paddles, sold as a rafter Author pen chapters, pastor preach raptures People tip cows while they sleeping in the pastures My pastime is to write rhymes My homeboy went to school now he fight crime When these niggas can't deal, turn to white lines I know you thinking to yourself, these are our times Bring Hip Hop back! [Posdnuos] People, people, you got to get over 'fore we go under, drowned in a blunder My name Wonder Architect of the one-six park feel with honest thoughts to spill I took control to grab hold of my skill Sprayed on some lime like glow to DeVille East math too, had to wash some of it off So not to meet up with the ski mask crew That's how people do Smile in your face, scheme on your place Kids by the curb mixing in their words a whole bunch of potty language (what else?) Girls throw a whole bunch of body language (for who?) Me and you nigga (hahh!) we shitting all over each other tryna prove who stacks bigger Everybody's laughing, so my girl rose up asking what the hell am I doing? I told her these young girls I ain't out here pursuing, but her blood's brewing so she calls me a liar, now she hates me Sort of how she hate pairing up white socks that's straight out the dryer The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Statik Selektah f/ Lecrae, Posdnuos (De La Soul), Termanology Album: Extended Play Song: Game Break Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com, @PlugWonDeLaSoul {Statik Selektah} "If the game shakes me or breaks me I hope it makes me a better man, take a better stand" [Intro: Lecrae] Yeah, ey waddup Statik? Can I talk to the people man? Wassup y'all? This ya man Lecrae I just wanna... put somethin in ya mind [Lecrae] Look, this song's dedicated to all that's called the Gs', I see 'em miseducated A young Malcolm Red got up out of his prison bed Said, "I'ma leave a mark on this world When I'm dead" +X+ marks the spot, a lot of clowns get shot But they livin for nothing when he died for a lot From the blocks to the prison, many risen and lead But I can't get a job, cause they be testin my pees/peace Man I keep it trill, I got sick of callin in sick Waitin for an A&R to come and find me in the sticks Ain't had the money for school, so I applied for scholarships For black and Indian roots, it's amazing what you get Was I wonderfully crafted to piss and pay taxes? Made to reflect The Master or lay on the matress? Get up, get out, get something man, cultivate a creation Don't blame it on your lack of education Go to church, go to school, walk the earth, watch the news Type of person that hates what he learns, called a fool Type of person that don't want to work, called skinny Type of person that learns and applies, I call winnin You were wired to be hungry for more than what you currently are But you spoil your appetite on all these mediocre bars Mediocre stars is all they shootin for (Yeah..) It's a wonder why we rarely get far, feel me? [Posdnuos] She got +Bette Davis Eyes+, Phyllis Diller grill The game that she's named is such a killing field Killed to be killed, you might end up in a dirt with no guarantee to end up on the shirt Made to work hard up until the coffin So when you're hard at work, you don't get to see death cousin often But why rest, when the rest of the world is like, "Yo grown man, you need to drop us some pearls!" (Them legends from the ground up) put me through school Had me run up on stage and look 'em dead in they eyes Known to do the same school the newest to the game So when they run up on stage, they look 'em dead in their iPhone And I'm known as a vet who don't take kindly to some "old school" title 'round the neck Challenge the game herself to a game of wealth She laughed and gave me money, but I kept my fame on stealth (Quiet money's STILL money) and we talk tall She got her face dolled-up White nose all on froze, lines of snow crawled up in the calm We claim we dope that stayed shot up in the arm The B. Manilow be the handle though to say that we made it, but the low pub check keep you jaded But if the game shakes me or breaks me A better man I will become 'til the day I'll be done [Termanology] Uh, it's too much ice grillin with eyes closed And too much ice work and fly clothes We gotta get our priorities in order Before we go and order another pair of Jordans, is our daughter fine? Is she taken care of this time or is just another D-minus you get for always lying? Can you go and put it behind us? So what you tryin to find? I ain't tryna say I'm perfect, but I sure am tryin One thing about me, feel the music in my soul Coulda changed up, coulda went the wrong road Seen the door opened, coulda seen the door closed Coulda seen the cup empty, but I've seen the cup full Now that the tank full, man, where you wanna go? I ain't gotta sell records for my heart to go gold Learn that while you're young, save a lot of heart break Drop jewels on your son, listen to what mom say Son first was apostle, second was the prophet Third was the teacher, now they all watch him Try to be peaceful, man I'm just tryin to live Cause Lord knows I had problems at my momma crib Life had me stuck, or, makin dollars did But the dollars I was chasing, they was counterfeit So bogus, living your life hopeless Up against the ropes just tryna stay focused While I'm on this Earth, I'ma try to progress I know a lot of men that's rich, but they know less But since I gaged being rich with health, God, and fam My friends and my fans, I'ma die a rich man Aiyyo Stat' Thanks for lettin me speak to 'em on this one {Statik Selektah cuts and scratches} "If the game shakes me or breaks me I hope it makes me a better man, take a better stand" "Listen" "If the game shakes me or breaks me I hope it makes me a better man, take a better stand" The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Talib Kweli and Hi-Tek f/ De La Soul Album: Train of Thought Song: Soul Rebels Typed by: doncee190@hotmail.com (Kweli) We do not (under no circumstances) live for Hip-Hop (Hip-Hop) It lives for us we don't live for Hip-Hop (Hip-Hop), it lives for us (repeat 3x) It's the eternalist, y'all burn to this, blaze da dro' Soul rebels trap up, we got a long way to go Before this here blow like a volcano we get eternal, this is what you waitin' for,  you try to front and play the role When you more like a pimp who pay the ho With my name up in your mouth like fellatio I lace the flow on purpose even up the ratio Of Hip-Hop to that shit they drop on the radio Underground classics is what they used to say before Now we break the surface quiet like an alligator nose They hate it, cuz they know if they don't get it, then they may be slow We still gonna blow like the horn played by Horatio The stakes is three feet high and risin' like De La Soul So I got Wonder Why, my man Dave and Maseo We all got babies so we embrace the taste of dough But y'all already know so I ain't gotta say no mo' (Chorus, Maseo) De La is whatcha need, Reflection is whatcha need We got the masters of the ceremonies,  blessin' emcees lip professin' emcees From LI to Brooklyn to Cinncinnati, Hi-Tek and Kweli got this on lock D  Let me hear you scream out loud if you're somebody Party to party, body to body,  when we come into the jam we do it wildstyle (Posdnous) Yo! I'm homegrown for the bain, once I rock the mic plain It's the extravaganza we glad you came,  made only for them heads, it's infra-red Aim For such a world figure, we got figures to gain  (don't sleep on a nigga) I ain't Icabod Crane get that ass cooked hard cuz we raw like Kane Been known to mic spit, infinite per frame While these girls throw me plenty like jenny to jane Ain't some old school G poppin' memory lane, been on it future robotic Since the day I came If you don't know Plug Wonder Why is my name Most recognized leo with my size in mane,  matter a fact track is simple and Plain, Cuz the complexities I freeze is too deep to detain, Reflect, Kwa-Tone Tek eternally in the game (and De La) oh fo' sho' We be shinin' the same (Chorus) (Dave) Y'all think these challengers is here to make a man fold Shoot I've been holdin' these joints since I was yea old Came to confirm the fact that I've been on the payroll Stay cold til one day make it hot and fade old Continue til I'm dyin, rottin' out gray and old I told them fool before they pass they have to pay toll While I've been sittin' at the table eatin' steak whole, side of greens Baby yams you know it stay soul, pre-natal, But they want to come spit your way so,  so was I supposed to go and say no, Right emcees some walking straight, some take the gay stroll I get my man to clamp they asses like they staples I'm from LI we take it far as out as naples And scrape hoes who'll be willing to take clothes off (off) See once you bet it all against reflects eternal,  you lose every rapper on a dept Y'all need to pay ya dues (Chorus) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tony Touch f/ De La Soul, Mos Def Album: The Piece Maker Song: What's That (Que Eso) Typed by: goldenarms_10304@yahoo.com, AdriGuerra@aol.com [Mos Def] Took spanish one for four years, just so you know Spit my shit right here igame, malo muchacho  Mos Def con Tony Flaco, el idioma que yo hablo Pretty young champ like Camacho, spittin the hot flow B-Boy shout, Zulu gestapo, bro You know my stilo, cigarrillo con tamarindo Habichuelas negras, arroz amarillo Yo soy suave viejito, campen nacional como Tito Bringin the heat bro, unique when I speak yo Doin my Way like Carlito, beats by M-A-S-E-O From Panama to Puerto Rico, play my jam on Caliente noventa y siete On the expressway, and press play, see what ya neck say Duro siempre, para mi gente, ganamos Se acab venga vamos, corillo, alcen las manos Blowin ya spot like I got toast A lotta MC's is Def, but they not Mos, and not close Understand it when I shine, all your light is through Ya niggas wack in one language, I'm nice in two, fuck is you [Chorus 1] Que eso? Tu no sabe mi sonido Siempre ganamos, nunca perdimos Para quien? Blanco, Negro, Latino Del mundo, cuando junto, qu profundo Que eso? Tu no sabe mi sonido Siempre ganamos, nunca perdimos Para quien? Blanco, Negro, Latino Corillo, so my street folk come unidos [Pos] I got chips, to Ziploc grips to burst Non-conventional, original B-Boy, my peeps call me Merc' I'm from N.Y.C., so see why in me There's a lot of hustlin, found around my cheek Sippin strawberry daq, that ain't never been fucked Try to catch me off balance, man, you shit outta luck Cuz we got more rams, and I drivin y'all Got the people like the jams, more live than y'all I'm wit Tone Touch, while ya all touched in the head Such a lethal combination, got you facin the red And um, yo, you don't want no parts in that You style so pussy, last name should be Cat We takin it back, like flea stacks and pylons Wit the ladies in a frenzy, runnin they nylon Reveal flesh to test, cuz I love bruisin 'em Treat my battles like my children nigga, I'm never losin 'em [Chorus 2] Aiyo, what's that? You don't know, that's my sound yo No one can rock it like this, we put it down yo For who? Black, white, purple or brown yo It's Mos, De La, and Touch, we hold the crown yo Pero what's that? You don't know, that's my sound yo No one can rock it like this, we put it down yo For who? Black, white, purple or brown yo So all my street folk come on gather round yo [Dove] Pardon me son, but the only Spanish I knew, was dame un beso Cut bitches wit niggas, who nettin the peso Ya breathin on beats like this, if you say so I stay sippin on God theories, so where the case yo? Wait flow on four floors like film edits Fuck sayin the name, you read it in the credits Sit that ass down on my lyrics We servin niggas up some beans and rice, everything is everything Heavy metal thing, rock, wit Mos and Pos and us Written flows get broke down by the comas From L.I. lawn, I green shit up in my wallets To fly the wrong places, and get red like scarlet How I dollar it, I just earn the say So when the itchy itchy come, I satisfy the crave And let it fall a little too much I let Tone touch my ears to let the bullshit disappear [Tony Touch] Pa' 'fuera, tu no sabe, mi manera Native tongue, puttin it down, donde quiera De La, Mos Def wit a candela Borinquen, que bonita bandera Respect the architect or be next to catch a pela I send ya all runnin home to your abuela Cash rap over a beat or acapella Kick a wicked rhyme like a fortune teller This fella, se pone feo quando llego I still be shoutin out cats in San Diego I'm still in effect, and I'm still doin the huevo I still be putting it down, till I'm a viejo Man, you can't tell me nuthin about the juego I told ya suckas before, leggo my eggo Yet you insist upon playin wit fuego But I catch you on the rebound, hasta luego, pendejo [Chorus 1] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: A Tribe Called Quest f/ Dove (De La Soul) Album: Midnight Marauders Song: Award Tour Typed by: mrmaj@juno.com [Chorus: Dove - De La Soul] We on Award Tour with Muhammad my man Goin each and every place with the mic in their hand New York, NJ, N.C., VA We on Award Tour with Muhammad my man Goin each and every place with the mic in their hand Oaktown, L.A., San Fran, St. John [Q-Tip] People give your ears so I be sublime It's enjoyable to know you and the concubine Niggaz, take off your coats ladies, act liike gems Sit down, Indian style, as we recite these hymns See, lyrically I'm Mario Andretti on the mo-mo Ludicrously speedy, or infectious with the slow-mo Heard me in the eighties, J Beez on the promo On my never endin quest to get the paper on the caper But now, let me take it to the Queens side I'm takin it to Brooklyn side All the residential Questers to invade the way Hold up a second son, cuz we almost there You can be a black man and lose all your soul You can be white and blue but don't crap the roll See my shit is universal, if you got knowledge and dolo Of delf for self, see there's no one else  Who can drop it on the angle, acute at that So, do that, do that, do do that that that(come on) Do that, do that, do do that that that(OK) Do that, do that, do do that that that I'm buggin out, so let me get back cuz I'm wettin niggaz So run and tell the others cuz we are the brothas I learned how to build mics in my workshop class So give me this award, and let's not make it the last [Chorus: Dove] We on Award Tour with Muhammad my man Goin each and every place with the mic in their hand Chinatown, Spokane, London, Tokyo We on Award Tour with Muhammad my man Goin each and every place with the mic in their hand Houston, Delaware, DC, Dallas [Phife] Back in '89, I simply slid into place Buddy, buddy, buddy all up in your face A lot of kids was bustin rhymes but they had no taste Some said Quest was wack, but now is that the case I have a quest to have the mic in my hand Without that, it's like Kryptonite and Superman So Shaheed come in with the sugar cuts Phife Dawg's my name, but on stage, call me Dynomutt When was the last time you heard the Phifer sloppy Lyrics anonymous, you'll never hear me copy Top notch baby, never comin less Sky's the limit, you gots to believe up in Quest Sit back , relax, get up out the path If not that, here's the dancefloor, come move that ass Non-believers, you can the steps I roll with Shaheed and the brotha Abstract Niggaz know the time when the Quest is in the jam I never let a statue tell me how nice I am Comin with more hits than the Braves and the Yankees Livin mad phat like an over sized Bam-bi The wackest crews try to dis, it makes me laugh When my track record's longer than a DC-20 aircraft So, next time that you think you want somethin here Make somethin deffer, take that garbage to St. Elsewhere [Chorus: Dove] We on Award Tour with Muhammad my man Goin each and every place with the mic in their hand S.C., Maryland, New Orleans, Motown We on Award Tour with Muhammad my man Goin each and every place with the mic in their hand Chinatown, Spokane, London, Tokyo We on Award Tour with Muhammad my man Goin each and every place with the mic in their hand Houston, Delaware, DC, Dallas We on Award Tour with Muhammad my man Goin each and every place with the mic in their hand New York, NJ, N.C., VA 