The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DJ Khaled f/ Pitbull, Rick Ross, Trick Daddy Album: Listen Song: Born & Raised Typed by: poebwoy305@yahoo.com [DJ Khaled] I worked my whole life for this I seen so many road blocks So many devils in my way But to be honest with you I see nobody I am the best Liiissstteennnn!!!!!!!!! Born N Raised In The County Of Dade [Continues] [DJ Khaled] DJ Khaled!! Trick Daddy!! Rick Ross!! Pitbull!! The Runners!!  Liisstteenn!!!!!!! [Trick Daddy] A nigga D-I-E I be forever thuggin baby The same nigga thats why the streets still love me baby Bitch I'm from Dade County See Ima seven tre, chevrolet, impala, dunk rider I blow yo doors off  You race yo car against my car, leave yo ass so far you'll doze off And when I take off its like I took off And when I ride by its like I fly by Its like slow motion, or only three deep Cuz errwhere I go they be like ya-yo!! I fit the description, black tee and dickies Big glock wit me, A Dade County Nigga! Born N Raised In The County Of Dade [Continues] [Pitbull] (It's dat lil chico Pitbull I just like to welcome y'all to where I been born, where I been raised, the county of Dade ya know we got them boyz that pass by in them ol skool chevys wit the top down bass stay bumpin, make the trunk rattle look at you in the rearview mirror and let you know what it is, what it ain't) I been born & raised in the county of Dade, land of the haze, the cocaine capital We ain't just hitting you buddy, we Warren Sapp'n you We coming hard like them Cubans in the 80's dogg Go ahead throw in the pot I bet its raw Pero ten cuidado con un tumbe porque se lo llevan todo Llamar el babalao pregunta le por un depojo Pero final de todo tu no puede con los lobos Everything that I do do, everything that I say say Everywhere that I go I let 'em know "Hey' I'm from the county of Dade" Ol school chevy heaven, ol school niggas preachin Young niggas wylin, getting rich off keys and violence Trick - he's the mayor, Luke - he's the king I'm Mr.305 put that on a triple beam I bet it weigh out more than a boatload of keys Holla at them Haitians, let 'em know this lick's on me, welcome to Dade [Rick Ross] (You See Em, You See Em, Ross, You See Em, You See Em Ay Ay Ay Ay Ay Ay Ay  Trick, Pitbull, DJ Khaled, 305 M-I Yayo) I got road dawgs doing that 20 to life You try me and I'ma get 20 tonight You think ya bitch bad, Boy I got 20 alike Not the car but they know I be pushin that white Dip the chevy in syrup, digital dash No bank accounts, my money in bags Go do the physics, cuz when I whip it Man I love to whip it, that's just another digit This my city in my city you gotta tote fire Overtown will bust yo head cuz it won't slide Brown Sub will wet cha ass like a dunk ride Ya dead wrong for thinking them chicos won't ride Opa Locka revolver round that big 4-5 Them Lil Haitians will take ya ass for a boat ride In Carol City, niggas quick to board a plane wit it Unpack the sack and kill a gang wit it Born N Raised In The County Of Dade [Continues] [DJ Khaled] Yea its DJ Khaled Don Dada Big Dawg Pitbull, Terror Squadin Aka The Beat Novacaine!!!!!! R.I.P to my dawg Uncle Al!!! I Rep My City Dade County The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DJ Khaled f/ Bun B, U.S.D.A. (Young Jeezy) Album: Listennn... The Album Song: Gangsta Shit Typed by: dusan_fresh@hotmail.com [Verse 1: Young Jeezy] Now I ain't really got time for the he say she say yellin ova tracks like a motherfuckin DJ Dey beggin for attention I'm beggin for a reason masked up get these straps yeh it's unseasoned These niggas broke they joke laugh at you niggas sit back and smoke (Ha-Ha) gangsta shit duffle bag full of bricks Add it all up save for the chips HOLY GUACOMOLE! datz a whole lot dip 12 months, run that's a whole lot of flips well bury ya today datz a whole lot of trips say he got six chevys now that's a whole lot of whips (What's up) Gangsta shit gangsta shit the way I do my thang gansta shit gangsta shit I'm just a young ghetto nigga with a big azz chain [Verse 2: Slick Pulla] You recreate a shield you betta respect us betta understand the game, these checks, not checkers two chunked out chains we call dem double deckers you comin for that saint nigga we bound to wreck ya My niggas add flavor to the game like zeteran bitch my 25th tool I'm a concrete veteran We eat wheat niggas up like corn on the cob you a hustla, naw don't quit ya day job! [Verse 3: Blood Raw] Errbody claim reson errbody kno the game I call dem trap actors half the niggas lame but on the real shit Felons still tow the heap real thug bread O.G. like Bun B Jeezy from the hood Slick from the gutta we to real ova here to fall out like Cash Money brothers Naked boy smith ran for Evan Smith Ross facin life and that's rich now that's Gangsta Shit! [Verse 4: Bun B] Cali gon cali ridin tall in his saddle pullin up low and with that choppa I'm ready for battle it's gangstas from San Francisco and up to Seattle We ain't with all that snitchin shit so mane go and get tattle I'm a dirty south legend and thou shall honor the team from the land of the long hard Where we home sellin D get that dirt weed local not the indo ship not to mention the gallons of promenthezine that we sip The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DJ Khaled f/ Consequence, John Legend, Kanye West Album: Listennn - The Album Song: Grammy Family Typed by: Jahmel008@yahoo.com * * send corrections to the typist [Chorus: Kanye] Oh it can't Be G.O.O.D. music my Grammy family Used to bump the demo up outta the Camry Now I'm hoppin out the limo or either the Lam B But you niggaz gon' get in 'til you get to Miami [Kanye West] GLC gon be stoned as Angie I be Don C, Johnny Patron, and me It's a celebration bitches more bottles of cham-p-aign In love with the same stripper that sprung T-Pain And all this Louis Vuitton shit ain't cheap mayn dawg I can't keep sayin G.O.O.D music the greatest latest stuntin out the middle of nowhere like Vegas From the chi the city of hella haters where we keep rising to the top like elevators Hi haters I'm back of hiatus I feel just like you I mean even I hate us Turn the radio down I mean every song Yeezy got a vision that's clearer than Evian Used to hit the radio them faggots ain't let me on Until Khaled turned up the volume Hit the club wit it come on homie they wildin Nas done told you come on homie we major Really Doe told you hoes where we staying G.O.O.D music up in this bitch now quit playing Dawg it can't be G.O.O.D. music the Grammy family A little bit a stuntin flickin dawg it ain't deep I'm only trying to spend what they claim you can't keep before you die so I make sure I stay on the Chi side like Lakeshore Drive, The Grammy Family [Consequence] uh,uh,uh Ghea uh,uh it's the Cons fool.. word Oh it can't Be G.O.O.D. music my Grammy family Used to bump the demo up outta the Camry Now I'm hoppin out the limo or either the Lam B And after music meetings wit evenings with Angie It's gon' prolly add a joint that got John Legend and me And we, be in Miami So when they spot me in Bentley it's gon be a stampede cuz we be racing Bentleys no different than Grand Prix's fam please, don't make my man squeeze And we can take it to the cars and I'll show you the hand speed I started independent with owners from land speed But now they recognize the way they did for Sam Sneed And sense I got my shot like I was call and man b I hope they lose they spot guarantee a plan B We'll be waiting in the telli like Jamie and Fancy prolly paintin they nails in nuthin but they panties And we'll be up town Jimmy and Camby headin to the game to watch Kenyon and Camby They can't breathe or hardly catch they next breath And I know my nigga Ye told you we was the best dressed I know I got a buzz so plan up the next step So what ya'll wanna do when it comes to that next check And bet Quence and Khaled know what the business is So open up them envelopes you know who the winners is Oh, Oh, Oh, The Grammy Family [John Legend] La La La La La La La La La La La La La La La La La La On Grammy night call it G.O.O.D. family night Celebrate tonight Oh it's alright, it's alright... yeah The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DJ Khaled f/ Beanie Sigel, Jadakiss Album: Listennn... The Album Song: Problem Typed by: AZ Lyrics [Beanie Sigel] B. Sig in the muthafucka holla at cha boy Yea Beat Novakane aka Mr. Miami aka Get the Fuckin Job Done Yea, when I cop it's four doors I'm too big for a coup nigga An when I go to war I don't get shot I just shoot niggas An I don't trust a nigga as far as I can throw em Even though I'm feeling strong enough I prolly can roof niggas Yea, Ya boy back in the booth nigga I'm off the weed but I'm back on my juice nigga I beat the case so its off with the suits Back to Fateegs, black tee’s an Timbaland boots Nigga The year is new, I want my spot back take 2 Matter fact take the whole click who you know can fly by in the 05-06 When they see that new V the dope boys go crazy You know I still fuck with State P still fuck wit Dame Dash still fuck wit Jay-Z Still real steel still recognize real I still feel it in the air We kill at will here [Chorus: Beanie Sigel] First Pac got got, Then Big clock stopped Now somethin going on wit the Roc I'm hearin shit about a break up, the shit people make up I'm like "Damn when will it stop?" Jay an Dame ain't speakin, Game an 50 Cent beefin an Cease got Lil Kim knocked? I'm hearin all this in the jail while I'm sittin in my cell An I'm waitin on some mail from the Prop [Jadakiss] Yo you gotta hole in you and you bleedin So its not like I'm just callin you "Pussy" for no reason Me? I'm a bastard I hit the blunts till I gotta cough then I pass em Exhaust on the Ashton, that next choice you make might be ya last one Shit that I needed stuck with me from the classroom Real talk now, who's the King of New York now? Boys got safe in the house, I gotta vault now From my old grams still, wit my old fam still Still gettin wireless head that's with no hands Listen My grandma in compensation compares to yalls is way beyond exist-ions D-Block daddy new black Caddi comin through knockin Micheal McDonald and Patty P's of haze is still goin for 8 in the Nati Rather have God arrest me then Satan ta bag me (Get Serious!) I'll gladly involve ya moms, Al-Quada Jada I'm only involved with bombs (Uh) Put my life on it soon as you put in the hot water all you gotta do is put the ice on it I been givin to niggas for years I'm responsible for niggas careers Muthafucka! [Beanie Sigel] First Pac got got, Then Big clock stopped Now somethin going on wit the Roc I'm hearin shit about a break up, the shit people make up I'm like "Damn when will it stop?" Jay an Dame ain't speakin, Game an 50 Cent beefin an Cease got Lil Kim knocked? I'm hearin all this in the jail while I'm sittin in my cell And I'm waitin on some mail from the Prop [Beanie Sigel] Hold ya head up Cass don't stress wait a come on fast Keep to yaself just try not ta come off ass Cause these niggas ain't playin fair You know stay on ya square, handle ya biz be the man you say you is I always been that nigga I said I was You get booked don't budge look at the judge An stand up an man up an never play those games Real niggas don't say no names [DJ Khaled] Yea its the DJ Khaled the Don Donnta the big dog pitbull the Terror Squad-ion aka the Beat Novakane I'ma problem my album drops june 6th LISTEEENNN! [Chorus: Beanie Sigel] First Pac got got, Then Big clock stopped Now somethin going on wit the Roc I'm hearin shit about a break up, the shit people make up I'm like "Damn when will it stop?" Jay an Dame ain't speakin, Game an 50 Cent beefin an Cease got Lil Kim knocked? I'm hearin all this in the jail while I'm sittin in my cell An I'm waitin on some mail from the Prop [Beanie Sigel] Yea, B. Sig fresh out the federal building, fresh on the bricks Breathin that good air after doin a year and a day man holla at cha boy man I want my spot back man for real man move over the king is back to sit in his seat, Holla at cha boy nigga! Suck a dick with aids on the tip, NOT GUILTY BIOTCH! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DJ Khaled f/ Cool & Dre, Fat Joe, Lil Wayne, Paul Wall, Pitbull, Rick Ross Album: Listen Song: Holla at Me Typed by: trickshady@hotmail.com [Cool & Dre] This is...This is This is...AND HE GOES BY THE NAME OF [Lil Wayne] Yeah you got the right one, It's Weezy fuckin baby And if your woman lookin, I'll let the woman taste me Okay now I'm with Khaled, we whylin in Miami We got a bunch of bitches, we pile 'em in the phantom They follow us to Mansion but I don't mean the club I'm talking bout my crib, mama I'm trying to fuck It's Cash Money Baby, It's Young Money Biatch Now you can swallow that or you can suck a dick Okay, tell me shit, Lil Wayne fuck a bitch Lil' nigga, big money, big gun for lil' shit Nigga I ain't Will Smith, nah, I ain't a Fresh Prince Nigga I'm a young king, nigga I'm a Bun B Yup, I go hard, ask my broad Miss Stevie Wonder, she ain't lookin at y'all (She can't see) The rest goes without me having to say I say, go, go, go, go (DJ) [Chorus: Paul Wall] Holla at me, what it do, what it is You ain't never seen a playa like this (Holla at me baby) I'm a pimp, I'll show her how I live Take her back then I put it in her wrist (Holla at me baby) I'm a monster, I do it real big You ain't never seen rocks like this (Holla at me baby) You can see me from a far I'm the shit Scream at me what it do, what it is (What It Do) [Paul Wall] It's Paul Wall baby, Swishahouse club rocker Chunk a deuce, sip a deuce, pourin up the goose vodka Lone star beast straight up out the H Sure stoppin all the hate, sippin on the ski taste I got the I-N-S on my tail, immigration still harass Cause they see me in a foreign ridin on imported glass Gettin cash is my number one task Until I'm under the grass, that's why I'm top of the class I'm a grit boy lookin for an ass like Ketoya Leave a bitch back all nutty like Almond Joy My boy Toy I E got to sleep And we got to see and who got the freaks? Beat it up like an ass whipping The album dropped and there's been a lot of ass kissing But I ain't trippin, I'm trill That's why I'm posted with Khaled cause he the real One hundred baby like the bill, holla at me baby [Fat Joe] Nah homie, you done got it fucked up You ain't got as much money as us (Nope) We sent Campbell in cause he got goggles on And he pushin somethin foreign as fuck Now all I gotta do is push a little button quick fast And the chopper come out of the stash Yeah money ain't jewels motherfucker you lose I'll make you do the fuckin Sean Comb dance (Follow me now) Who wanna come test the king Have your baby mama bless the team Shit, I ain't even know she could twerk it like that She a motherfuckin sex machine, Holla at me baby [Rick Ross] Stuntin in a magnum ridin with my hat low Forty-five magnum, barrel full of air holes Dade County, represent, Dopeboy ever since Know that I'ma veteran, million dollar residence Rick Ross, big chips, AK's, flip clips Offset rims on a rear six inch lips Started on the benches, rose through the trenches Now I'm the shit bitch, go and check your senses Known for the benz's, Chrome on the bentleys Smokin on the mentleys, Dade county, big cheese Flip soft, whip that, Rick Ross rip that Khaled go hard dawg, talk to 'em Paul Wall [Pitbull] Aiyyo It's Mr. 3-0-5 A.K.A. Mr. Snort yay, spit rocks, made in Dade I owe my future to Last name Campbell, first name Luther The "gun"-shine state where they'll shoot ya The bottom, the crib, what they do, what it is Bust a clip, flip a brick, hey buddy where's the lick? That's all we talk about, well welcome to the south We in, get our bread then we out, no doubt Palas and Caprices These boys dirty, they'll fuck your mother, sister, daughter and nieces Ahora loca mueva la carera, abre la boca y muere la marera The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DJ Khaled f/ Krayzie Bone, Twista Album: Listennn - The Album Song: Destroy You Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com (This is, this is, this is Yeah.. yeah, uh-huh, uh uh, c'mon) [Intro: Krayzie Bone] Yeah check it out y'all, it's them Bone Thug niggaz In the house with that nigga Twista, DJ Khaled Duece-double-oh-six, we 'bout to do it like this - yo [Chorus 2X: Krayzie Bone] Just like that 9-millimeter comin to heat ya Nigga we come straight for ya, out to destroy ya They better believe as soon as they creep up Niggaz gon' see how my tongue kill just like my gun, gun [Twista] Twista spit it for hustlers, Twista spit it for hoes But I'm 'bout servin these haters like I'm servin that 'dro Spit for my gangstas and killers that'll put one in yo' dome Spit it for my ballers and thugs that's addicted to chrome Either rims or the thumper, now you ain't gotta wonder What a Twista and here I go and never on drama With purple 'bout a pound, and my truck I pound the sounds And my 24's got blades on them that spin round and round Back on the scene now, and I'm always seen high Still flow motion overdosin, smokin on green now When I'm on them Jordans, 20's look like 17's now Sportin throwback Jordans from when I was 17 now Still I'm steady +Po' Pimpin+, still spinnin and hustlin Still +Adrenaline Rushin+ like when the pendulum's cuttin Album comin out soon, but I already had props Pullin Benz's up on the block before I met yo' pop [Twista] The Twista, playa balla, slash pimp MC Straight from Chi-Tizzle my nizzle, never gon' get rid of me On some (this is, this is) and they call us C.M.T. When they drop on how pop on about how it's so fly bein me With a lethal chemistry, put them in your memory When you want that original sound, it's either him or me The most underrated artist in this whole industry If rappin was the NBA I'd be Michael Finley Still I'm bendin and grinnin, still I got pull in the club Still I'm poppin my collar, grindin on girls in the club Servin 50's, rims is bigger but I got love for the dub They love the Twist' like love for the chief, and love for the thug Cause I got that com' game, and I got that bomb flame Let alarms ring when you hear the don's name I copped the H-2-1's, some throwbacks like LeBron James This time around I'ma let my nuts and my platinum charms hang [Twista] T be poppin them tags, T be coppin them Jags And if the T do a stick-up you be droppin them bags And I'm from where they cock hats instead of rockin them rags And if they ain't cockin them hats they be cockin them mags T be thuggin and clubbin, "Oh Twista that look tight" Don't every time he step in the party he look so nice? I'm officially fresh in my gear as I'm rockin mo' ice And the Mitchell & Ness from the year when I used to flow like Annilisms are my verbal metabolisms Shadow's prisms and my thug mannerism's of cataclysm manor Causin some dis-establishment-arianism I vary in wisdom, wins only cause I'm carryin ism and um A street lyrical phantom, full of verses when I chant 'em When this shit here hit the street it's gon' be the ghetto's anthem [DJ Khaled] Bone Thugs, Twista, DJ Khaled, LISTENNN! [Outro: DJ Khaled] Shouts out to Steve Lobel Krayzie Bone, Bone Thugs, Swizz Beatz I see you Twista, shit's crazy right here Cool & Dre on the track It's DJ Khaled, historical, I'm a problem! LISTENNN! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DJ Khaled f/ Homeboy, Lil Scrappy Album: Listennn... The Album Song: Never Be Nothing Like Me Typed by: dusan_fresh@hotmail.com Intro [Lil Scrappy] O-K-K-K BME O-K-K-K G's up, this yo boy Lil' Scrappy DJ Khaled, (Let Em' Kno) So get your G's up Chorus [Lil Scrappy] You can be as fuckin real as you want And hard as you will But you will never be nothin like me You can rock with the 12's in the trunk Get so drunk But you will never be nothin like me You can go and fuck with a hoe A pocket full of dough But you will never be nothin like me Yea yea you wanna act hard I can tell in your eyes you will never be nothin like me Verse 1 [Lil Scrappy] Born, Devil riches son the second My daddy blessed me with a wonderful weapon Hoes see me and they keep on stepin So my momma took me to school taught me pimpin lessons Oh, I kno you ain't tryin ta call your people Cause I got people that'll sue your ego Sum of em in the club with a desert eagle U ain't gone win a fight unless you got it like we do Equal, naw nigga we ain't equal U said you pop cris they wouldn't believe u Look at the time it's way past your curfew I'm a back up cause I don't wanna hurt u Aw man these niggas throwin bottles on the stage I'm a still go out and rep the A If you take it outside I'm a get the cake Aye shorty I said get up out my face But anyways Ya'll niggas don't kno me, don't kno my name Jus kno me by my fortune and fame They want me to b humble shorty but I can't Don't get all mushy eyed shorty let me explain There's alot of mothafuckas out there that hate I might catch a case cause I gotta gun on my waist People out seein what kinda moves ya make Scrapper get the hell away from a nigga that's fake, aye Verse 2 [Lil Scrappy] You say you hot but you ain't dat Your shit weed, and my shit crack (damn) If I rob you, I ain't givin that back If I steal your girl shorty jus call me the mack, (scrap) The Scrap Show her P-I-M-P If they hatin shorty then you need betta delivery I'm from the A-Town, Southeast, Zone 3 If ya touch me then you get your ass beat Some of ya'll lames ain't got enough on your track sheet To clap me you gone need a crowd to see me Look in the mirror I kno you wanna b me Mad cause your girl on my dick like bologne Look dude, I don't want you nowhere near me I'm a real G nigga and that's clearly If ya come around I'm a knock ya silly If ya can't hear me then ya got to feel me (Yea) Verse 3 [Homeboy] (What my name is?) H-O-M-E boy Through a microscope, you niggas can't see me-e boy If you jump inside my body could'ntbe me-e boy Bullets bust on sight so freely-e boy I'm a monster, evil, Chucky me Freddy Krueger Bitch nigga I will do ya, with 9 millimeter rueber I'm hell on earth now that's what they told me Hotter than the flames in hell, so hell could'nthold me No man control me Follow no one, I'm a leader I'm Homeboy, Bitch I'm off the mothafuckin meter Right now or tomorrow I'm a see ya when I see ya Cock back and make me pop the lid off the pringles C'mon, once I step outside of my zone Bullets fly jus like that star wars attack of the clones Listen up got some shit that'll part your hair round here We from Georgia, it's the spot We some bears down here The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DJ Khaled f/ Chamillionaire, Slim Thug, Trina Album: Listennn... The Album Song: Candy Paint Typed by: dusan_fresh@hotmail.com Intro [Slim Thug] Yeah Slim Thugga(Thugga) My nigga DJ Khaled huh Huh MIA to H-town mothafackas We ridin' candy Chorus x2 [Slim Thug] Candy paint drip look clean then a mug Ca-Candy paint drip look clean then a mug Got beat with chrome feet drop 24s on em Drop 24s on em, put 24s on em Verse One [Slim Thug] Slim Thugga That candy paint shinin', 5th wheel reclinin' Rollin' on 4s grippin' wood with the diamonds Yella and white in my mouf, got em blindin' If you lookin' fo Thugga,  I'll tell you where to find him I'm MIA in that MIA,  Fuckin' with my nigga Khaled and that Cool and Dre Tryna play it how they play, 24s on the dump Sittin' high in the sky, lookin low at the pump Got a trunk full of beat, and a freak in every seat On my way from freeway to the presidential suite And b you lookin' weak without chrome feet And if you ain' got candy then yo ride ain' complete We 100 cars deep, down on South Beach And I ain' tryna leave till I got 2 a piece At least, that's how the south bossput it down You can find me in ya town, with the cleanest suck around  With the [Chorus: x2] Candy paint drip look clean then a mug Ca-Candy paint drip look clean then a mug Got beat with chrome feet drop 24s on em Drop 24s on em, put 24s on em Verse Two [Trina] Yep Alot of people said that I would not last Cuz I'ma Dade County off of 15th ave You remember Mr. Wonderful, that's my dad Kept my toes on marble flo's, swimmin' in cash My mama name 'Nessa, taught me the game 16 ladies rollin with a fly ass chain Use to ride through the city, in hollywood benz God blees the dead, I'ma see you again I was the baddest at the west, I'll take yo man I sneak him into Strawberry's after pack jam Or Miami Nights, at Miami nights We was up all night, till they cut the street lights But now I been crowned as the queen M-I-YAYO home of the triple beam, ya' mean DJ Khaled put it on Diamond Princess, a star is born I'm on my grown, yes [Chorus: x2] Candy paint drip look clean then a mug Ca-Candy paint drip look clean then a mug Got beat with chrome feet drop 24s on em Drop 24s on em, put 24s on em Verse Three [Chamillionaire] Yea, Yea, Yea What up Khaled Ay, I'm pullin' up in somethin' you should take a picture of Liftin' up the lambo do's, go and give yo chick a hug Paint wetter than the suds in ya kitchen cuz Larger than a dove, and it don't feel like O.J. Simpsons glove Reincarnate Picaso out of the grave, And still couldn't compete with the way my ride is sprayed Rims stayin' on the run like a runaway slave The top is chop-chop, like a summer day fade Vallet be slippin' slidin' when they standin' by this caddy My paint wet(yup) watch it do the trick daddy Me and E got fly rides, if you want it then get at me If it fit then I don't want em they suppose to fit barely I made straight As in spanish Khaled they must have forgot though (Khaled:How many cars Koopa?) Uno, dos, tres, cuatro Add another cuatro, I got another drop so I'm buildin' a garage on top of the one i got(oh) Tell the maker of the Chevy that I'm ridin' silly(silly) Turn it up, heavy bass'll make it poppa willy I know my cheese is at stake but I'm not from Philly Jackers watchin', plottin', so Chamilly went and cop a milly [Chorus: x2] Candy paint drip look clean then a mug Ca-Candy paint drip look clean then a mug Got beat with chrome feet drop 24s on em Drop 24s on em, put 24s on em Outro [DJ Khaled] DJ Khaled(Khaled) Dade County to Houston connection right here(right here) Slim Thug(Thug) Trina Chamillionaire BD Gunz I see you Fat what up Oh yeah, It's that ride out music You naw mean Yea Listennn[echos] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DJ Khaled f/ Birdman, Chop Album: Listennn... the Album Song: Still Fly Typed by: dusan_fresh@hotmail.com Intro [Birdman] Yeah You Heard Me Nigga? Hey C'mon Chorus [Chop] {Birdman} We Still Up In The Club Poppin' Bottles Like Bub All The Girls Showin Us Love We So Fly Ah Ah Ah Ah Ah Ah We Still Fly Ah Ah Ah Ah Ah Ah [x2] {Yeah} {Yeah Nigga} Verse 1 [Birdman] We Flew In Jets 'n G-4's With The Chest On The Floor Nigga, Blowing Out The Pound Nigga  Paper Chasing With This Money On My Mind Nigga Going To The Club, Letting It Rain On These Hoes Nigga And These Shoes That Be Cracking(?)A Style Nigga  Alligate A Style Nigga 2000 In Here Nigga And My Shortie She Love Roberto Cavale Nigga She Ride Real Fly Nigga Fuck With Big Time Niggas And Yeah I Say We Kept It In Boxes Nigga We Know How To Get It Nigga Know How To Spend It Nigga And Yeah Cause Now Days We Got It Nigga We Blowin It On Spinners Nigga Rolling In A Bentley Nigga Yeah We Let Em Shop Till They Pop Nigga Pop Till They Drop Nigga Tha's How We Do Em Nigga Bitch We Get This Money Like It's Running Cause These Hoes Keep It Coming Nigga Tha's How We Do It Nigga Chorus [Chop] {Birdman} {Yeah, Yeah Nigga Yeah} Verse 2 [Birdman] I Say We At It Again Nigga We Back On The Ground  With Them Things Going For Ten Nigga And Yeah The Homie Out From The Pen Nigga Who Gave Me The Game  So I Took It In To Win Nigga And Yeah We Hit The Club In The Benz Nigga We Know About Them Hos And  We Know About They Friends Nigga And Yeah We Pop One And We In Nigga We Headed To The Tele Then We Out In The Wind Nigga Shit We Paper Chasing Again Nigga That Pull Out The Folds Nigga Millionaire Ben Nigga And Shit That's Where Atlanta Come In Nigga The Wings Comin Out  When The Auto Come In Nigga And Yeah On Stunner Holla We Get Down We Blowing Out The Pound Nigga Represent The Town Nigga And Shit We World Wide We Get Down We Pitching Off The Mound Got The Game Off The Ground Nigga Chorus [Chop] {Birdman} {Yeah, Put It In Here Boy, Nigga} Verse 3 [Birdman] Look We Poppin Bottles In Here Nigga It's 4 In The Morning And Them Hoes Still In Here And Shit We Brought The Tables For Later Friends (?) We Burned Mans Down (?) And We G'ed Up In Here And Nigga We Know The Game Of Hustle Nigga We Stay On The Grind Nigga And Its Up New Every Year And Yeah Like Big G And Derrick Did And I'm A 2 Stunner Ima Shine For Em Every Year And Shit I Know Some Heshews And Dred Nigga(?) With Haters That Peg Nigga That Know About The Cash Flow And Nigga We Big Timers In Fast Lane We're A Neighborhood Gang Nigga And Know How To Get Dough And Nigga We Do It Big In The Range Nigga We Rockin It Blend Nigga And Everyday Blowing Dro And Yeah I Smack A Bitch With Some Change Nigga From Spittin The Game Nigga With 10 G's On The Low Chorus [Chop] {Birdman} Outro [Chop] Picture In My Step In All Whites In The Club Tonight Of This We Gon Fight Cause I'm Full Of That Purple And Lean If You Went From My Section You Ain't Coming In Between I'm So Fly Ah Ah Ah Ah Ah Ah I'm So Fly Ah Ah Ah Ah Ah Ah [x2] Over The Second Time {Birdman} {Yeah Nigga} {Thas How We Do It In The Club Nigga} {We Buy The Whole Table Nigga} {We Buy The Bottles Whole Set Up Nigga} {And No Line Waiting Nigga} {We Vi People Nigga} {You Feel Me Nigga} {That's How The Game Been Laced Nigga} {And That's How We Lace The Game Nigga} {So If Your Eyes Watching Nigga} {You Know How Get Down Nigga} {I Brought The Bling In To The Game Nigga} {I Brought The Chrome To The Game Nigga} {You Understand What That Did?} {We On The Grind Nigga, We On The Grind} {It's Our Muscle Thats Gon Shine} {You Heard Me?} {Yeah Hey Nigga Tell That Ho To Move Over Nigga} {She Ain't Got No B'ness Sittin Right There Nigga} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DJ Khaled f/ Rock Ross Album: We the Best Song: Intro (We the Best) Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [DJ Khaled] Tryin to talk to 'em... When there's no more music left And the lights go out, all you hear is silence I'll be that voice (Give it to DJ Khaled for doin it  Y'all the big dog, Pitbull, Terror Squadians - YESSS!!) Dade County, it's our time The movement's here forever And I won't stop 'til I see them devils And I won't stop 'til I defeat the devils (nigga!) They all told me that I would fail They all told me that I would lose But I'm right here, and I won't lose Can't NOBODY stop me! I'm somebody My brother Dre told you to BE somebody Carol City know what I'm talkin about The movement! (Fuck niggaz~!) I introduce you to.. [Rick Ross] .. Ross! We the best of the best, fit of the fittest Dead man gon' feel us the way I'm feelin this Phillie No really we the best (we the best) and I'm the boss Do I still hustle? Yes... I'm Ricky Ross Started with the dirt now I'm travellin the world In a new silver spurt buyin pieces of the Earth Low mileage; don't need some No smilin; I'm easin~! Rollin on that thang thang, when I lane change Haters lookin at me crazy, boy I'ma bang bang M-I-A yo, we the same gang C.C. to Down South, e'rybody slang 'caine Don't see another way, if you do show it to me Got good green? Green-ass nigga, blow it with me Cop me a drop, paint mine real pretty 100 grand in the Chevy, rep my city [DJ Khaled] I rep my city like a G's supposed ta {*3X*} I rep my city like a G.. nigga! Can't nobody stop me, I'm somebody From this day on you gon' be somebody We the best, we don't fear nobody The movement nigga, LISTENNN~!! {*echoes*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DJ Khaled f/ Akon, Birdman, Fat Joe, Lil Wayne, Rick Ross, T.I. Album: We the Best Song: We Takin' Over Typed by: TonyMontana131@yahoo.com * * first single; send corrections to the typist [Akon] Oh, oh [Khaled] DJ Khaled! [Akon] Konvict Music, yeah [Khaled] We the best We takin' over Listennn! [T.I.] Ay, ay Started in Atlanta, then I spread out wit' it South Carolina, Alabama, Mississippi On to North Carolina, Phildelphia and Virginia From down in Miami where it warm in the winter On up to Minnesota where it storm in the winter Jackson then Tallahassee, Memphis, Tenn. holla at me Me in H-Town, Southside, Cloverland daddy I'm the man out in Dallas, better ask Khaled Kept me out in Cali with my eyes open barely Blowin' and spinnin', goin' down Bennett Drop six-fo', three-wheel then switch it Red light stop, make it drop for the bitches Got a glock fo'-fifth, blow your head off wit' it Anything you hear that I said, I meant it King got the crown then sped off it wit' it Say you need bricks, I said I get it [Akon] If you want to, we can supply you Got enough work, to feed the whole town They won't shoot you, unless you try to Come around and try to stomp on our ground 'Cause we takin' over, one city at a time Said we takin' over, one city at a time Said we takin' over, one city at a time Said we takin' over, one city at a time [Rick Ross] Triple C, Black Flag We rich, yeah [Khaled] Listennn! [Rick Ross] Boss, it's what I does I get money everyday, everyday I does That Benz, is how I ride Black flag on the left, two hoes and ride You better, move! Ak all day Get shot up like Shyne, that's on my niece I'm +B.I.G.+ like Diddy Damn it, I'm wit' it Khaled we did it, Biggie of my city Please no fitted, fuck it, I'm too pretty The (?) can get (?), stupid, I'm silly Money that come, runnin' like water Mami so hot, damn it, she gorgeous Miami on fire, you better be, cautious Might get shot on the porch of your fortress Now they see that you know I'm from Port City I run in 'cause Rick Ross is boss shit [Akon] 'Cause we takin' over, one city at a time Said we takin' over, one city at a time Said we takin' over, one city at a time Said we takin' over, one city at a time [Fat Joe] Cribs Mania Khaled! BX, TS nigga [Khaled] Listennn! [Fat Joe] Blat, when you see Crack, better duck like the mac gotta ease past, nigga what Shit, I don't give fuck, I run these streets Y'all talk that shit, I want that beef I'ma tell you like a g told me They'll come back quick if a nigga O.D Cash Rule Everything Around Me I'm YSL, Versace You could see me in that Porsche GT Comin' down Sunset, sittin' on D's Feelin' like 'Pac, All Eyez On Me Fresh bandana and I'm blowin' mad trees Nigga please, I spit crack every verse a ki Some say Khaled, some say Colli Twelve years down and I'm finally free, crack! [Akon] If you want to, we can supply you Got enough work, to feed the whole town They won't shoot you, unless you try to Come around and try to stomp on our ground 'Cause we takin' over, one city at a time Said we takin' over, one city at a time Said we takin' over, one city at a time Said we takin' over, one city at a time [Khaled] Listennn! [Birdman] Birdman daddy, I'm number one Nigga came at me wrong so we got him done Fuckin' with the fam', I'ma give him son Spent that co'ner, he didn't run Sunday had a whole church singin' a song "Why'd they have to send my baby home?" Fuckin' with some nigga, that paper long Been a g in the game now my son on the throne [Lil Wayne] I am the beast Feed me rappers or feed me beats I am untamed, I need a leash I am insane, I need a shrink I love brain, I need a leech Why complain on easy streets? I don't even talk, I let the Visa speak and I like, my Sprite Easter pink And my wrist special par but the Mula's cooler I have more jewels than your jeweler Touch and I will bust, your medulla That's a bullethole, it is not a tumor Red light, red light, stop your rumors I stay on track like a box of Pumas Now just r-r-rock with Junior I am the little big Kahuna, y'dig? [Akon] 'Cause we takin' over, one city at a time The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DJ Khaled f/ Young Jeezy, Juelz Santana, Lil Wayne, Fat Joe, Rick Ross & Dre Album:  We the Best Song:   Brown Paper Bag Typed by: numeros_uno1@hotmail.com [Intro] DJ Khaled! We the best! Nigga, we the best, man! Listen! [Chorus - Young Jeezy] (Dre) Just got a hundred of that brown paper bag money You niggas really wanna talk money? Shit real, that's all I can tell 'em Just wrap 'em up good so the dogs can't smell 'em (Brown Paper Bag)They call for that (Brown Paper Bag) [Verse 1 - Young Jeezy] Thank God for those days, thank God for those nights Though it might seem wrong, thank God for that white They used to call me the Pyrex kid A.K.A. Young Arm & Hammer In the kitchen with the pots, yeah I work the glass Hard on 'em, pimp, yeah I work 'em tass And when they came in, we unpacked 'em all Broke 'em all down and unwrapped 'em all Just two words nigga, duffle bag Just know it so well, can't help but brag Gold mouth for 10, mail man got 3 It's just yo' luck the rap game got me, hold up [Verse 2 - Juelz Santana] Here we go again Just spent a hundred of that brown paper bag money, all on timbs And the bad bitches all on him Cause the cars that he drive are all foreign The game is mine, I'm so far in I'm speaking with an accent who just caught twin Can't even relax in my room That brown paper bag money push my matress through the roof This for my niggas getting brown paper bag money This for my strippers getting black plastic bag money We talkin' 'bout that bad money That IRS, K Tax money, ya dig me? [Chorus - Rick Ross] (Dre) Just made a hundred of that brown paper bag money I thank God for the mill he prepared for me Take care my fam and my little dog, money Thank god for that brown paper bag, that (Brown Paper Bag) Thank God for that (Brown Paper Bag, Brown Paper Bag) Thank God for that (Brown Paper Bag) [Verse 3 - Rick Ross] Just pulled over in my CM 5 Big bottle on the dash, hope he let me slide Got 20 in the trunk, you can bet me five 20 minutes and they dump, I'ma let these fly We the best! Look at what we drive Got pic-nic tables on my lap, gettin' high In the back of the Maybach, and it cost five Hundred thou on a nigga, spent that with a smile Stackin' numbers at alarmin' rates White house, still move brick of law in a day I'm that Bin Laden boy, I'll bomb ya state I ain't come to stay, I got a postbar and a date Two leaving in a bag, ain't one to brag You don't know the feelin' when the villain peelin' in a Jag Just starin' at the ceilin', ten woman at your pad I was at the center, now I see villain just in fact, I'm a Boss [Chorus - Lil Wayne] (Dre) Just spent a hundred of that brown paper bag money It feels good to be Young Money, Cash Money Rehab, I'm addicted to fast money I got stacks of rubber bands up in that (Brown Paper Bag) Ya dig? (Brown Paper Bag, Brown Paper Bag) (Brown Paper Bag) [Verse 4 - Lil Wayne] Practice makes perfect, I'm relaxing at rehearsal I'm a mothafuckin professional, like Hershel Walker, the talk of the game, is I But I wonder will they still be talkin' after I die But that's not important, money's more important Understand I been in that water like I was snorklin' Understand I been in that water like I'm a dolphin Miami, Khaled took me in like an orphan Why did they start him, now they can't park him I go into the booth and just change like Clark Kent Lamborghini dark tint, philly bustin Carson I'm by myself to niggas running mouths like auctions T Streets my brotha, V V's my brotha And we stay on point like a fuckin box cutter Ya heard what I say, muhfucka did I studder With my brown paper bag here to represent the hustle, I'm out [Chorus - Fat Joe] (Dre) Coka baby, man you know I already had money Definition of that brown paper bag money Try front and I'll zip you in a bag, money For tha cash, I'll blast anybody, that (Brown Paper Bag) That, That, That, That (Brown Paper Bag) Thank God for that (Brown Paper Bag, Brown Paper Bag) [Verse 5 - Fat Joe] (Dre) Ya'll niggas want coka music Lacostra Nostra flow, show ya how to do this Pin it so easy, a cavenigga do it Nigga, we simply the best, don't confuse it I confuse it, critics be hatin' Best album yet, don't give me the same ratin' I'm waitin top of rap rushmore Edge of stone, right beside (?) Unsure, anythings possible 4 mill spent, bought out the art (?) I'm Picasso, in a Versace suit Don't worry my nigga, Khaled I got you Not just cause I want to, cause I got to Put the squad on your back, the impossible It's only logical to spit it from the heart Brown Paper bag, who else but Joey got that (Brown Paper Bag, Brown paper Bag) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DJ Khaled f/ Plies, Rick Ross, T-Pain, Trick Daddy Album: We the Best Song: I'm So Hood Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [DJ Khaled] DJ Khaled, we the best who? We nigga, we the best The Runners, I represent the ghetto across the world And you represent the hood, two hands in the sky I'M SO HOOD, LISTENNN~! [Chorus: T-Pain] I'm so HOOD! I wear my pants below my waist And I never dance when I'm in this place Cause you and yo' man is plannin to hate I'm so HOOD! And I got these golds up in my mouth If you get closer to my house Then you'll know what I'm talkin 'bout I'm out the HOOD! And if you feel me put your hands up HOO-OOD! My hood niggaz can you stand up I'm so HOOD! If you not from here you can walk it out And you not hood if you don't know what I'm talkin 'bout (I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm - SO, HOOD!) [Trick Daddy] E'rybody wanna motherfuckin know why I, dress so fly, sit so high Bitch, I do it for the hood Bitch-ass niggaz I do it cause I could Heavy starch in my jeans, fo' X in my white tees Livin life like a G That's why these bitch-ass niggaz wanna fight me But I ain't gon' play wit 'em Uh-huh, I'd rather let the AK hit 'em Tough niggaz get fucked up and put on ice for the rest of they life I'm straight out the hood bruh See that's what I do it for And my low class ghetto ass Just renewed my ghetto pass [Rick Ross] Ross, yeahhh, four-five off in the ride (ride) Fo' blunts for me to get high (high), feel the bump when I ride by (I'm so HOOD!) I got 'em hatin talkin like Plies (Plies) Niggaz keep droppin like flies (flies) snitchin ain't goin cut no time (I'm so HOOD!) I murder one of you fuck niggaz Rob you for your last, the North comin mad (I'm so HOOD!) Mo' money, mo' mayo, the llello in millions I made 'em My Maybach is mine, my city is mine, I made it [Plies] Damn my P.O.~! Y'all can tell her I said it Violate me if she want, gon' have to come catch me Piss test me all you want, I'ma smoke when I'm ready Pants hangin off me now cause my pistol heavy (HOOD!) I ain't spoke to you yet dawg, cause I ain't friendly I drink 'gnac homey, y'all drink Crist' I like bustin babies, I want that bougie bitch I never buy a Phantom, 28's can't fit They say I'm Fed bound, they call me high risk I'ma full bloodied goon, lames make me sick You gettin three or fo' birds where I'm from we call you rich I'd like to the the hood homey, you taught how to rip [DJ Khaled] Trick Daddy, T-Pain, Rick Ross, Plies Nigga we so hood (I'm so HOOD!) We the best, DJ Khaled, Florida stand up Let's go (HOOD!) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DJ Khaled f/ Beanie Sigel, Pooh Bear Album: We the Best Song: Before the Solution Typed by: efrz09@hotmail.com & mr.grey.goose [Intro - DJ Khaled] Yeah.. I represent loyalty I am loyalty I am the definition of loyalty I represent the G's Beanie Sigel We The Best [Verse 1 - Beanie Sigel] All the bullshit stops here (Here) Let's get this clear (Yeah) Shoot rear, fresh off the top tear (Unhh) What I'ma 'bout to do for you, is not fair I'm not answerin' questions for you, dat are not clear Whuddup with State Prop. the crew, when they not there? The moment dat they heard it the verdict, when it wasn't clear Ya boi had the city, yeah did they really disappear? Jay really not visit there? Dame and Beans are they tight as it seems Or is it all fabricated from dat same fabric Now rip the rock marriage straight from seams Thing's ain't what it seems but at time do tell, the truth shall prevail Until then, you dudes bite yall nails in anticipation (Fuck) I know you hate it why I got chu waitin? (Shiiit..) - I too, am waitin' Gotta see a couple faces, when I make 'em face it Truth dat is dat ya boy have patience (Yes!) As a matter a fact, it's wearin' thin But I tell you this tho, when the New Year begins Pussies who got nuts 'cause I'm goin' all in [Chorus - Pooh Bear] Can you hear me (Ayyy), came for attention (Ayyy) But it ain't good if you don't wait (Ooooh) It ain't good if you don't wait (Ooooh) I'm applyin' every {??} in my {??} stays the same It ain't good if you dont wait (Ooooh) It ain't good if you dont wait (Ooooh) Nah-uhhh.. [Verse 2 - Beanie Sigel] Now let's not get this misconstrued To say dat diss record - I don't diss my dudes! Outta respect I couldn't check my once fist tight crew Never in front of you I couldn't get dat rude Ionn give a fuck but I couldn't get dat crew cause knowin what i do i can get like (Khh) ouu You wanna know what I do, don't cha? You'd love it if I told you lil' fuckers, won't cha? Uh-unh, scrap gotta pay for this one Sorry youngin', got to wait on this one (Yes) The Solution, soon in stores Date to be posted, until then - I'm on pause [DJ Khaled talkin'] Yeah, to DJ khaled aka We The Best Beanie Sigel (Whudd!.. Ain't no more too it) Give em more man, more [Verse 3 - Beanie Sigel] Well fuck it I don't wanna stop Whatchu forgot the gun'll pop Tell me who ya wanna rock This true love, Roc-a-Fella 'till I die Nigga keep it movin', don't get caught up in this drive-by The break's over, ya boi 'bout to take over If dat number one spot opens, give it here (Here) Get my crown, dust of my chair And yall niggas can kiss my ass before I sitted there Back from the dead (Unhh) fresh off the prison tier Daddy here to put the kids to bed (Get it clear!) By the way, the wars on - you can't call it off It's too late once the boss involved Here I come!! [Outro - DJ Khaled] In life--There's real niggas... And there's fuck niggas... See, We The Bess.. I worked my whole life to show these niggas.. DJ Khaled, Beanie Sigel!! We The Bess And all you fuck niggas, trynna divide and conquer crews.. NIGGA, WE THE REALESS~!!! WE THE BESS!! DJ Khaled, the beat nova-kane on this one.. Thankyou, but take you time.. And listin to the real.. We The Bess.. I'M STARVIN'!! I AIN'T EVER GON' STOP!! Beanie, Mac!! I see ya, I'ma salute cha The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DJ Khaled f/ Dre, The Game, Jadakiss, Trick Daddy Album: We the Best Song: I'm From the Ghetto Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [DJ Khaled] We the besssst.. I represent the hood.. I represent the ghetto.. I represent the people.. I represent YOU - LISTENNN!!! [Chorus: Dre] All the money in the world couldn't change me No diamond rings or the fancy cars Cause my niggaz in the hood woulda left me holdin this because (I'm from the ghetto) I'm from the ghetto (and I'm from the projects) I'm from the projects All over the world in every hood they know I'm from the ghetto and that's fa sho' (I'm from the ghetto) I'm from the ghetto (and I'm from the projects) I'm from the projects All over the world and every hood they know I'm from the ghetto and that's fo' sho' [The Game] Ayo Cali.. walk with me.. Yeah, that's what got me here The Chucks, the khaki suits, all the swap meet years The six dollar socks, the five dollar rocks Uncle Greg rest in peace, he taught me how to chop That's why I love the hood and everything we got From the ice cream trucks to the forty ounce tops All white Air Force Ones, the fake Jacob watch A few reasons I drive the Bentley hard top Use it in my songs cause I live it on the block Tattoo it on my face, let the whole world watch I'm that type of nigga y'all made my city bigger Dog turn the TV off, got tired of watchin Jigga boss So we told our moms we's lookin for jobs When we was really in the record store lookin for Nas Project or the ghetto, ghetto and the projects From Compton to being Dre's number one prospect, so [Jadakiss] Hahhh-HAHHH~! Yeah, uhh They know, uhh Yeah, uhh ain't no help there Just food stamps, WIC checks and welfare Every man goin for self there And still might need to borrow your Medicade card for health care Yeah, if you never got knocked then you made it Everybody know each other, if not they related You can get shot or get bladed There's dudes that got jobs now that had blocks in the 80's Six months, five years is the usual cop out Ninth, tenth grade is usually when niggaz dropout Fights break out when you wired and start jokin Lot of O.G.'s retired and started smokin House party games of spade, sweet Kool-Aid Loud music all night, 'til the boys in blue raid So therefore, I could never be too paid I know where I'm goin, and where I'm from'll get you laid, yeah [Trick Daddy] Ha-hah... tell me this - how come Black folks get a little dough and forget where they come from Man we used to have good times But since you moved on up, yes you ain't cool with us We still support you though we ain't see you much You ain't the first fool, it's cool with us But while you're livin out your idle dreams Remember how far you came'll help you keep them things (sho' nuff) Now it's cool that your address changed But I'm tryin to holla at my dog and your number ain't the same (DAMN!) I guess new homies came with his fame (say what) But see true homies will stay the same Through all the ups and downs in yo' career A couple wives, few kids scattered here or there When you dead or broke without a deal All the groupies cleared, the ghetto still be here [DJ Khaled] DJ Khaled! That nigga Game! Trick Daddy Jadakiss, we the best~! We represent the ghe-tto, the projects Cool & Dre on the track, we the best! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DJ Khaled f/ Bun B, Paul Wall Album: We the Best Song: Hit Em Up Typed by: dusan_fresh@hotmail.com [Chorus: Paul Wall] I'm comin down, I'm actin bad I'm chunkin dueces and I'm choppin up the slab I'm comin through, I'm tippin dime I'm sho a naked and I'm straight actin a clown [x2] [Bun B] I'm a certified D-boy, a real big nutta A candy car strutta that be sittin' on butta Comin' straight up out the gutta with the cordaless cutta Man, what is that? The Chinese choppa that likens Mr. Studda What a fucked up predicament (Damn), a scary scenario Automatics in ya face have you preparin' ya burial They tracin' tha weapon after you scratch off the serial Leaves you up like cereal, there it is and there we go Some bad Didos ridin' off in tha wind and Nigga we got all ya soft in ya hands so don't pretend Like this ain't what it was (was) or we ain't what you say (say) I'll make a high cappa or court fraud light in tha day Cause in the middle of the street in height of tha traffic Watch what you say when we meet cause they know might get yo ass kicked End up in a pickle like a Vlasic, UGK nigga We cost like a foreign but get respect like a classic motherfucker [Paul Wall] This Paul Wall, baby, Swishahouse spokesperson Choppin up tha slab, spokes turnin, bobbies searchin Shoppers splergin, Caked up cause my pockets swoll I'm callin plays, pullin broads, I just think and roll I'm from that lone star, tippin dime dat candy car Get it shined on 59, Lean and tuck I'll cut some more Hoes wanna who we are, Fathers wanna know what we get Hatas wanna talk down a knot, but they just mad cause they ain't hot They ain't got the cash that I got, They don't know what my hood 'bout They don't know about trunks that pop on Lambo's that blaze tha chop Countin cash and stackin not, South victory back to Scott Crawlin like big crocodile, I'm diamond smile and Johnny watch I'm with my partner, box, you and you and not with 'cho Rick boy, yeah that's fo' sho', breakin em off, you already know Drive slow like Kanye West, and Branyan Wayans, and Manny Mesh A Swishahouse chain on my chest, I keep it fresh, We are the best The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DJ Khaled f/ Birdman, Lil Wayne Album: We the Best Song: "S" on My Chest Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro: screwed Lil Wayne sample] "That be that Cash Money piece, go restin the dead" (Alright, alright) [Chorus: all comprised of various samples] I walk around like I got a "S" on my chest I walk, I walk around like I got a "S" on my chest I walk, I walk around like I got a "S" on my chest That be that Cash Money piece, go restin the dead [Lil Wayne] Yeah... uhh [Lil Weezyana] If stunna say the nigga dead then the nigga dead {*2X*} [Baby Birdman] If I want to get a nigga dead, then the nigga dead [Baby Birdman] Yeah, I said a nigga then the nigga dead [Lil Wayne] Peporting from Kim's corner store Hollygrove, 17th kinda Ward Ridin through the city in a Tonka toy I got old money, coulda bought a dinosaur, huh Only ride Chevy, never drive a Ford And my Coupe doors open like plaza doors, yup! Red thick women (uhh) eyes adore I'm a whore, you know that I'm a whore, yup! Cash Money, Cash Money, monster boys Mafia bitch! Even the cop's a boy When you say you want beef, then I got ya boy I'll just let the Big Mac, Whoppa-boy See my dreads hangin like-a like-a rasta boy Fuck with my rasta and I turn into Mufasa boy... We run up in ya casa boy And blast off like NASA boy~! [Lil Weezyana] If stunna say the nigga dead then the nigga dead... "I walk, I walk around like I got a "S" on my chest  That be that Cash Money piece, go restin the dead" [Birdman] Yeah, "Ca$H Money is a Army" nigga better know it's gravy If you ever fuck with young'n, if you ever fuck with Baby Shit gon' be crazy, nigga doin it like the 80's Buncha young nigga poppin off and they sprayin Up in the early, we thank ya for the sunshine Got to get my bling on, reach for my chrome 9 Kiss momma cause we goin out and gettin mines Next nigga in line, 17 on the grind Shoot first, nigga not seein mines Big purses, million dollar headlines Five drops, O.G. the last Big Tyme Lord to the game nigga 'til it's my time "Like Father Like Son" nigga this time Junior got the fame and the game mastermind Two hundred on the dash, watch me mash Doin doughnuts in my hood gettin paper bags [Lil Weezyana] If stunna say the nigga dead then the nigga dead {*2X*} [Birdman] Ribbon is red, that how we plead An Uptown C.M.B. blood 'til I'm dead That's what I said, I'll put some change in your head If you ever cross a line nigga it's nothin but bread Fifty shots I'm hot, nigga we won't stop From puttin candy on the slab nigga stirrin the pots Put the hammer on the jam nigga pull it and pops And put the rubber on the bands nigga stackin his knots [Lil Wayne] Bitch I'm the boss, bih.. bitch I'm the boss And bury me like my father on the cross And carry thy teen, I shall over across Shorty got that game on lock, like a vault Weezy, Baby, cayenne pepper, no salt Windows down on the hog in the winter, it's yo' fault Hehehe, I don't jump on the track, I pull forward I got that "S" on my chest, man I'm supposed to boss [Outro: composed of various samples] Cash Money, Cash, ka-Cash Money (that be that) Cash Money, Cash, ka-Cash Money I walk, I walk around like I got a "S" on my chest That be that Cash Money piece, go restin the dead The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DJ Khaled f/ Brisco, C-Ride, Dre, Flo-Rida, Rick Ross, Trick Daddy, Trina Album: We the Best Song: Bitch I'm From Dade County Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Trick Daddy samples] "Bitch I'm from Dade County" {*3X screwed*} "I'll-I'll-I'll be fo'ever thuggin baby" "Bitch I'm from" {*4X*} [repeat samples while Khaled and Trick are talking] "Bitch I'm from Dade County" {*3X screwed*} "I'll-I'll-I'll be fo'ever thuggin baby" [DJ Khaled] Diaz Brothers, DJ Khaled I rep my city! Dade County, let's go! [Trick Daddy] Dade County stand up right now All the way from Carol City to Florida City, Opa-Locka By way through Overtown and Liberty City Coconut Grove to South Miami Wynwood, Hialeah, Lil' Haiti, Lil' Havana South Miami Heights, P-Rine, Richmond Heights Na-Ranj, Homestead and can't forget about Goulds Dade County, let it do what it do [DJ Khaled] Rest in peace to Uncle Al, we the best! Dade County, let's go I rep my city Nigga, I rep my city, Miami Listennn!!! [Verse One: Trick Daddy] I'm well connected, well respected for gangsta shit I'm from the city of Caprices and Impalas bitch Yo I'm from down the way, you know, around the way Dade Country, trey-oh-five, rep the whole M-I-A AK's and Chevrolets, nappy braids and heads shaved Look here, shit real, we really get it how we live We get on heavy krill, we get on heavy pills Me and my niggaz and my Cubans and my Haitians dem Bitch I'm from Dade County, we go way harder We do it way bigger, cause we some made niggaz Born bred and raised in gettin money ways Cause they don't get it off the top like we get it down in Dade, hey "Bitch I'm from Dade County" {*3X screwed*} "I'll-I'll-I'll be fo'ever thuggin baby" "Bitch I'm from Dade County" {*3X screwed*} "I'll-I'll-I'll be fo'ever thuggin baby" [Trina] Three-oh-five, it's my city, yes I'm from Dade County Plus I'm fly, so I keep some bad bitches 'round me Whattup Khaled, you my nigga so homey lemme get 'em Yes I'm back, plus I'm mad, so I ain't playin wit 'em Any bitch wanna come test me You can come to my city that's where I be I'm ridin all through the hood in my new Bentley With my ass out, skirt up I don't give a fuck Bow down cause I run the South I got some real gangsta niggaz that'll run in ya house When I open up my mouth I shoot diamonds out They go "Brrat-tat-tat" so you better watch out, ouch! [Rick Ross] Bitch I got money too, "Trilla" album comin soon Triple C's, three-oh-five, P-O-E, give us room Whip the keys, twenty-five, in the kitchen, cookin food Baby "We the Best" (best) quick to hate the rest (rest) quit Dade County united (what) you roll it, I light it (Ross) She rollin with mwah, now who don't like it (yeah) Khaled's a boss, like Ricky's a Ross Everyone of my thoughts run like they keys to the South C'mere girl lemme kiss you (bitch) this one Rick baby get you (rich) Candy paint on my (sixty-six), you can call that (Richie Rich) I'm outtie sports, but I'm in the game Callin to Blaze, throw shit for days [DJ Khaled] Homeboy~! Slip-N-Side Epidemic, Dark Ridas, Cash Money, Terror Squad Dade County I do this for us Listennn [Brisco] Yeah - I got money too, Bris' I be comin through Cash Money money bags got me livin comfortable  Still hood, still real, Opa-Locka is real Most my dogs daddy dead, don't want it gookin on them pills Dade County po' boy, best believe I'm 'bout that dere Choppers come up, and get done up Cause you run up, and you really ain't 'bout that dere Yeah I'm the future, yeah them goons 'round me And yeah I rep my city, bitch I'm from Dade County [Flo-Rida] Talk about it when they run 'em up, load 'em up, who you want it with? Get 'em, hit 'em, split 'em, stick 'em, touch one of mine for the grip gotta grill 'em Born in the city where they got no feelings, killers, M-I-A my niggaz Home of the we don't play, better get out the way, you ain't enver seen a real go-rilla Do not be thankin we soft or we sweet Come on the opposite side of the beach They gotta them yoppers to put you to sleep Yeah that's them choppers you know what I mean That's when the doctor stay boxin your dreams When on the docks where they flippin that clean Hot on the block it's a hundred degrees It's all about boppin the A-P-T's Oh boy! Just call me a dough boy I'm that "and ya know" boy, Flo-Rida fa sho' boy Triple C's the set and I get it for low boy We trillin cause "We the Best," Dade County tou better know it boy [C-Ride] Carol City on my mind, we mobbin out of line Hoppin out that Chevy on 28's, I'm dodgin power lines We work hard, nigga you sleep, pu-pu-pushin we run the streets You are what'chu eat, young pussy go brush your teeth I'm tryin to keep Cash Money like Baby see I got a girl, I got a boy, I'm babysittin I gotta rep my city, C-Ridin', Dirtbag, Jo Hound, Dre, let's go get it We Dade County goons, fuck them Dade County cops hoe Get yo' set if you don't get wet in Dade County my hoe~! [Dre] Unhh, from the depths of C.C., back to Opa-Locka D-R-E, North Miami shoot up up your block Went solo on that ass, but it's still the same I got a chopper in the kitchen, Betty Crock' is the name I needs me my Dade County big booty hoe and she pretty Let her push the Chevy all through the city Let her know that 54's is good, Haiti, Opa-Town they got work In Liberty City them niggaz smokin pounds of that purp', yup! What it is, what it does, we the be-be-be-best I'm from the city where you need to wear a vest underneath your v-v-v-vest Name another city realer then the city I stay in You can't cause there can't be another realer city than Dade, nigga! [Chorus] - 2X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DJ Khaled f/ Bone Thugs-N-Harmony Album: We the Best Song: The Originators Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com [Intro: DJ Khaled] Yeah, we the best, Cool & Dre DJ Khaled, oh you think it's a game, huh? I introduce you to Krayzie Bone, Layzie Bone, Wish Bone Incarcerated right now, Flesh Bone, we ain't forget about you nigga Bone Thugs, the originators Nigga don't get it fucked up where you got your flow from Bone Thugs it's your time, nigga we the best! LISTENNN! Representin all the ghettos across the world Nigga we ghetto! We from the hood! We do this! Let's take it to the projects [Chorus 2X: Krayzie Bone] It's Bone Thugs, we be them Bone Thugs Half of this industry's swingin from our baaaaalls It's Bone Thugs, mighty Bone Thugs Bone Thugs, Bone Bone Thuuuuugs [Krayzie Bone] I told 'em I'ma get up, get out and get somethin but I was a little bitty nothin, in the city thuggin Never been a nigga that's never done less than 100%, the hustle is in me My thug mentality showed me what to do to improve my salary Don't nobody move or you could be a casualty Why you would really wanna cross paths with me? One nigga left and they thought we was done Don't think you'll get rid of the twist of the tongue They thought we was finished but we just beginnin They want me committed for the murder one Nowhere to run, nowhere to hide, my competition, ready to die Opposition, never survive, when I get done, bustin my rhyme I'm a criminal transformed to a lyrical bad storm Did I mention my fast flowin lately has got my cash growin and ass showin These niggaz can't see Bone, they already know Came down with a style unfamiliar sound that's how we kicked in the do' What it be like? Bone Thug nigga born and bred in the Cleveland street life And believe we ain't goin nowhere, we permanent, posted up like street lights We do it, still get to it, undisputed, who would of knew it We stay the truest suited and booted They ain't doin it like we do it, do it [Wish Bone] Nigga tell the truth 'fore you get in the booth You know think about the Bone flow for hoes I ain't nice like {?} I wanna split ya mouth Better get you that dough you old hoes Where's the respect when you cash that check (huh?) Nigga break bread well bust your head (yup) I'll bring to it the heart, rather leave 'em dead Before my time but I'm still ahead of all y'all (all y'all) Like a nice bitch hit a nigga raw dawg (raw dawg) Any nigga with him catch a sawed-off (sawed-off) And I'm ready, I'm ready, know what it is Nigga bow down, bow down Nigga show some love, ain't no hoes in us We can swing them buds, we can share some blood Blood blood, blood blood blood blood, blood Let a nigga loose I'ma smack him like I do (do) I'ma come and see you, fuck that rappin in a booth (booth) I ain't no studio or nothin my name in yo' mouth and I'ma show you somethin, fuck it This the first time, double back dumpin (dumpin) Deep in the club they some suckas, rush 'em (rush 'em) Get it how we get it, don't let the singin fool ya We gets dirty dirty dirty Never nervous, nah ain't no love there (ain't no love) Just watch yo' mouth, or one day them Thuggstaz yes They will run up on ya (on ya) And that's when it's over cuz, we don't play no games So when we up on ya, believe we're gonna let it rain (rain) [Layzie Bone] In the hood where it's good, yeah we get respect on the industry, now it's time to bill collect It's a promise little homie, no need for threats We the best in the business and we breed the next Nigga ride with a Thug on a Cleveland quest We really ain't mad at you clones You gotta give credit where credit is due Why wouldn't they give it to Bone? If you ever gave props and a massive thanks Now you thinkin how a master think Way back in '94, stage stayed closed We opened the do' nigga get that bank Flip that flow, city to city My niggaz is gritty and ol' boy Reppin that Bone Thug, Mo Thug, Thugline Hit 'em with one rhyme, they be like oh boy (oh boy) Now most of the greatest done did it And some of the latest done did it Rest in peace to the B.I.G. Been 13 years and they still fuck wit it Jay-Z done did it, J.D. done did it Lil' Bow Wow did it and killed it I love when a real nigga do they thang Some wanna plead not guilty Nigga get filthy, ain't no playa hation Some of y'all niggaz is congratulation Got your hand on my dick tryin to masterbate it Let me bust in ya face since you had to taste it Smash and takin what's rightfully mine Nigga better check my profile Niggaz is up in my space Eternally this be Bone's style (Bone's style) {*instrumental plays to the end*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DJ Khaled f/ Fat Joe, Jadakiss, Ja Rule Album: We the Best Song: New York Is Back Typed by: AZ Lyrics [DJ Khaled] This is, this is This is, this is I'm about Unity Greetings from Miami Dade County Florida Listennn [Chorus: Ja Rule and DJ Khaled] One's for the trouble Two's for the show Three's for the base and that limelight glow I know, you thinking that this game is over Oh no, the wait is over New York is back Lemme see your hands, wave em side to side Put em up high, lets ride because New York is back Lemme see your hands, wave em side to side Put em up high, lets ride because New York is back [Jadakiss] Yo the hammer and the muzzle came together All I had did was hold on to the pieces untill the puzzle came together Before it all got hyped I was in the corridor Apple before it got ripped So I ain't gotta act like I'm on top of, or in front of them If I aint the best dog then I'm one of them Listenn I'm a different kind of boss I'm Cut from a different kind of cloth These niggas is different kind of soft Everybody know it all Nobody follow a protocal The money's only good until you blow it all Stacking every cents Guliani knocked John Gotti, What? So now he's running for president It's a shame what the game's became But the truth is There's really nobody to blame But the music Lets give it a minute Wtih no wack gimmicks Just hard beats and rhymes blow breath back in it [Chorus: Jada and DJ khaled] One's for the trouble Two's for the show Three's for the base and that limelight glow I know, you thinking that this game is over Oh no, the wait is over New York is back Lemme see your hands, wave em side to side Put em up high, lets ride because New York is back Lemme see your hands, wave em side to side Put em up high, lets ride because New York is back [Fat Joe] Mutha Fucka i'm the heart and sole of this You claim king, but we in control of this Name another rapper you see on the streets huggin the block at the height of a beef Yellow tape and white sheets Yea that's my back drop whenever I speak I know alotta y'all would love to ice me make my head jerk like I'm doing the hyphy But that'll never happen, get on some sick shit Like fifteen in you, and one in your infant Joe's the business, Ask about me In the middle of the desert and they still can drought me You know Coka baby he stay on that new york shit You see weezy coming down on that forklift And money aint a thing, unless he come off with Then Ima have to hit em with these little bricks often [Chorus: Fat Joe and DJ Khaled] One's for the trouble Two's for the show Three's for the base and that limelight glow I know, you thinking that this game is over Oh no, the wait is over New York is back Lemme see your hands, wave em side to side Put em up high, lets ride because New York is back Lemme see your hands, wave em side to side Put em up high, lets ride because New York is back [Ja Rule] New york, New York nigga never went no where I just took off a couple of years But Now I'm back on my day to day Old school, Gucci frames like day to day Who gone tell New york times up, Flava flav Cuz as much as things change it remains the same And you can gimme the city of God And Mecca, the temple, the mas An inspiration, the inception, The art. Of Hip Hip was born And the rap game was formed From niggas dead broke, sell drugs, bear arms Against all odds and argue all day about who's a bigger star Joe, Jada, or Ja SO close but so far So many there's no star I can't belive Fifty Cent and NY fell off And L.A. came back, and the south is running shit Then one blood group, shit's all developing, NEW YORK [Chorus: Ja Rule and DJ Khaled] One's for the trouble Two's for the show Three's for the base and that limelight glow I know, you thinking that this game is over Oh no, the wait is over New York is back Lemme see your hands, wave em side to side Put em up high, lets ride because New York is back Lemme see your hands, wave em side to side Put em up high, lets ride because New York is back [DJ Khaled] Shouts out everyone The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DJ Khaled, T-Pain, Young Jeezy, Ludacris, Busta Rhymes, Big Boi, Lil Wayne, Fat Joe, Birdman, and Rick Ross Album: I'm So Hood (Remix) single/iTunes Song: I'm So Hood (Remix) Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com [DJ Khaled]  DJ Khaled, we the best!  Who? We nigga, we the best!  This the remix! The "I'm So Hood" remix! I'm makin mo', fees I'M SO HOOD, REMIXXX!! [Chorus: T-Pain]  I'm so HOOD! Yeah, I wear my pants below my waist  And I never dance when I'm in this place  Cause you and yo' man is plannin to hate  I'm so HOOD! And I got these golds up in my mouth  If you get closer to my house  Then you'll know what I'm talkin 'bout  I'm out the HOOD! And if you feel me put your hands up  HOO-OOD! My hood niggaz can you stand up  I'm so HOOD! If you not from here you can walk it out  And you not hood if you don't know what I'm talkin 'bout  (I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm - SO, HOOD!)  [DJ Khaled overlapping chorus] We always gon' be the best We run this, man! I make, hit records man! This is what I do! This the REMIX!! Put 'em up, put 'em up, put 'em up I gave you "We Takin' Over" (Yo Khaled) Yo, Jeezy (I got 'em, homie) You got me? WE RUN THIS, MAN, WE RUN THIS!! [Young Jeezy] I'm so H to the double-O D Walk around there's GOD-damn money on me  Pockets so fat it don't make no sense (nope) Whips so clean, don't need no tints (nah!) Watch so bright, don't need no light You know where it were, I don't need no mic Niggaz like, "Young what you get for your show?" Tell 'em, "Same thing I used to get for the blow" Set 'em on the raw, nigga what I got to lose? (lose) Put 'em in the +Vans+, I ain't talkin bout the shoes (shoes) Do the speed limit, gotta watch out for the lights Pussy ass niggaz gotta watch out for the dykes Seventeen five, yeah nigga I said it! Seventeen five, yeah nigga I meant it! And when we do it bad, but I’m doin good I'm so, I'm so, I'm so muh'fuckin… (HOOD!) [Ludacris] I'm my hood…LUDA! Everybody come equipped wit bangers (BLAOW!), throwin up our middle fangers (WHAT)  And you know I don't slip, so I gotta keep ten in the clip and one in the chambers Better be walkin with angels, and never take candy from strangers Through the stress and strife, had to earn my stripes like I played with the Bengals! (WOO!!) I'm in the zone homes, goin for the two point conversion +I'm So Hood+ that Ludacris shoulda been on the original version (yep!) But this is the remix, with the cheap tricks, hittin sweet licks And I cut the braids off but the waves and the fade'll make you sea-sick! (OH!!) And this is the way that we ball, (HEY!) and this is the way that we brawl So put a fist in the air if you care that united we stand and divided we fall (HEY!!) When the South's in the house, better watch yo mouth Cuz we on that hood shit, I'm hood rich Comin around yo' hood, BITCH! I swear I'm so… [Chorus 2 - T-Pain] HOOD! (REMIXXX!) And if you feel me put your hands up  HOO-OOD! My hood niggaz can you stand up  I'm so HOOD! If you not from here you can walk it out  And you not hood if you don't know what I'm talkin 'bout  (I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm - SO, HOOD!)  [Busta Rhymes overlapping chorus] Khaled, they actin like we ain’t the kings of the streets and the gods of the hoods BUSSA-BUS, BITCHES!! [Busta Rhymes] See all I know is how to go and get my money g-'gan and again Top down let the money blow in the wind wit a bad bitch sittin in the passenger’s seat wit a doobie-wrapped head full of bobbie pins You know I keep that thang when I walk See the dialect different from the slang in my talk Baby still leavin, got a crackhead frontin Got another bad bitch that’s boost for the spark (HOOD!) I'm used to leavin the strip last Hustlin until the sun, comes up getting cash So much bread in all of my fall pocket It looks like a nigga got tits wit a ass! And from the DNA in my blood niggaz idolize me and try to do what I does And if that other nigga ain’t really from the hood You can easily die, take who that fake nigga was (HOOD!) And even though I spit a little rap Got niggaz in the hood try to sell the most crack Violator, I send a nigga to do it just to make you spend a lot of money just to get your shit BACK! Y'all niggaz know where I'm from And I rep it to the fullest til the day that I'm done So hood where we live if a nigga sold drugs and he rich Momma still PROUD OF HER SON! [Big Boi] Yeah, yeah.. Daddy Fat Sacks, so hood like a Cadillac Ornament on front of Avalanche Call an ambulance, to come and pick that ass up cause the nigga never had the chance They try to dance with the devil in a pale moonlight Advance on a level that they can’t do right Lay hands on a fella like a man in blue lights (WOOP WOOP!)….Do it twice! Big Boi, the B-I-G I'm nicer than MC on your top three You cock-y, I cock squeeze Bust them thangs, now you slop-py Speed it up, slow it down, then Screw it Don’t bite the flow, I got that fluid Run through the crew on some whole other new shit… Newness bitch, we do this! [Chorus 2] [Lil Wayne] Alright…WEEZY I'm so Hollygrove, New Orleans, (LIL'WEEZYANA!) Home sweet, Home De-pot, you will need a hammer It go, down like Frasier, I ain't talkin Kelsey Grammer I be, shittin on ya boys I need an Alka-Seltzer sammich, uh!  Since I heard Plies, I done bought the Phantom back Went and got me a fifty-two, inch, Maybach (Delta…the Ghetto Kappa, ha ha!) I'm eatin like a big dog, I'm so full I'm so good, I'm so straight, you so fake I'm so real, I'm so hood [Fat Joe] Crack, Crack, Crack, Crack, Crack, Crack, Crack (I'M SO HOOD!) Yeah nigga, welcome to the Crackhouse I should own a McDonald's the way I bring the Macs out I'm from the hood where, every nigga lies Flip a couple grams, they tell you they bakin pies, shit! Still got my name carved in that Central Booking Gave that pussy a scar and told her 'good lookin' Youse a crack baby, (CRACK!) that means your momma paid me You can't even blame me, that's what the hood made me [Birdman] Martin Luther King (MLK) Calliope, Magnolia, Melphamine Gettin that money with the triple beam See ride of ?Clyde? your Josephine Saints is my team that’s what we breathe nigga That’s how we eat, get this money on the streets nigga VL my street, blood, five star G, blood  Fly as a bird, got these Eagles on my seat, blood Then hit back where I stay, Third Ward we get that cake Thirteen is where I lay, shots out to MIA (Waddup Khaled?) [Rick Ross] Mo' Money, Mo' Problems, don't call me conceited (nope) Just call me the boss, always got what you needed MIA oh so hot, but my neck got the fever If you sneeze you get shot, gun play makin believers I just bought me a ranch, watch the hundreds stack No those ain’t Rolex diamonds, (NO!!) WHAT YOU DONE TO THAT?? You fools fugazi, my fools from Haiti I moves 'em daily, IT'S A MOVIE, BABY!! HOOD!!! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DJ Khaled f/ Ace Hood, Pooh Bear Album: We Global Song: Standing On the Mountain Top Typed by: AZ Lyrics [Pooh Bear] Standing on the mountain top Countin all this Money Laughin at you Haterz Ain't Nothing Gonna Save you [DJ Khaled] Yeah, Welcome Back Another small Buy We global Feel my pain The internet can't deal with a nigga like me Cus I keep it so hood, yeah I keep it so Street The industry hate but they gotta see me Turn your tvs on bet all u see is me Nah I ain't playing why you trying to blame me Might as well hate the world instead of hating on me [Pooh Bear] And we taking over, One label at a time [DJ Khaled] I need that clearence Feed me more Come and think about it you need it more Uhh I am miami I do this for miami, 24 and 7 trays Yeah nigga we born and raised See this, we showed them [Pooh Bear] Standing on the mountain top Countin all this Money Laughin at you Haterz Ain't Nothing Gonna Save you [DJ Khaled] I Introduce you to [Ace Hood] Ace Hood! [DJ Khaled] Get Em. [Ace Hood] Mo money mo problems They Holla I get em I got em I'm bout a da bougaties The beasts that I feasts of the bottom Youngens they charge feeding heat with the teeth of the lautter Ace stopping I'm Steady Moppin Leave you at Side of the Coffin Bitch I am Ace that's the Ace of the Double O D And When you Mention Greatness Bitch you better me mentioning me And when you say The best you definitely mentioning we They said I couldn't do it Proove it I'm Ludacris Nigga So doubted the music They influenced and movin through me I'm Times 3 Hit a fiend and it's deeper than me Call me Young HOV they way I change and I bank on the beat My Album coming tell em pussies they stayin asleep It's TUTT Aye I serve em as raw as the beef My replication of this creature I mention it's me My Album Droppin see this dead will be living through me That means greatness is bigger than Pac deceased The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DJ Khaled f/ Kanye West, T-Pain Album: We Global Song: Go Hard Typed by: thaloccdogg@aol.com (Kanye West) I think it's time for me to go hard as the hood I'm from (x4) (DJ Khaled) DJ Khaled, We the best I'm goin in, I'm goin in I do it for the hood cause the hood told me I should If you rep yo hood, and you goin hard If the they hatin on you don't stress Tell them niggas that we the best Fuck nigga, you can't stop this Fuck the best we run this game Kanye West, Khaled and Pain (Chorus: T-Pain) If you could you would get rid of me What you gonna do when a nigga got to go hard But I won't let you get to me You should already thinkin I'mma go hard If you were as real as me You would never let another nigga step in yo yard Makin money ain't shit to me This in my veins and it gets to my heart So I am, I will, I gots to go hard You got another way to live, you gots to go hard I am gettin it in until the end I got to go, go, go, go, go hard (Verse 1: Kanye West) I go the hardest Flow so retard I'm disgusted with myself I mean uhh, were do I start First I spin around and vomit Then I shit up on it Fuck the beat up so bad Won't nobody get up on it I flow sick, nigga how sick?, sea sick Got your hand out don't look at me bitch You lookin at who made me rich You lookin at who made me rich I have some wins some losses Just a life of a God damn boss's With the top off lookin for a girl with a ass as fat as Tracey Ross's This is dope as is get Dope as a mother fuckin acid trip Fly as 57 passengers This finna be another classic bitch Everybody know I got if you want it then get at it But I ain't gon have No I ain't gon have it (Chorus: T-Pain) (Verse 2: Kanye West) I ain't ever been scurred Never been the type to bite my words When I came up y'all gave me shit Now I'm finna make y'all eat them turds Always said what the fuck I felt Gon head spit that murder I wrote Man I don't care bout what you felt  Fuck you nigga I know I'm dope Felt like I'm comin to get my all Felt like I had to play the fly on the wall Felt like niggas was stuntin on me Funny how I'm flyer than them all Now I'm at the top ain't nowhere to go now Instead of me she gon go down Maybe I would have slowed down if I knew what I know now I'm stupid you know I'm dumb This could fuckin get old while it's good I'm young But my heart get cold as the hood I'm from Tell me what it take to be number one I guess it's gon be what it's gon be But here's one thing y'all got to hear I'm a tell you like George Bush told me Fuck ya'll niggas I'm out of here (Chorus: T-Pain) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DJ Khaled f/ Ace Hood, Akon, Lil Boosie, Plies, Rick Ross, Trick Daddy, Young Jeezy Album: We Global Song: Out Here Grindin' * Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash * first single [DJ Khaled] + (Akon) DJ Khaled! We the Best Season has returned! (Cause I'm out here grindin) I do this for the streets, The Runners! (Cause I'm out here grindin) [Chorus: Akon] I don't care what nobody say, I'ma be me (be me) Stay hood, stay raised on the streets (cause I'm out here grindin) Niggaz talk about greatness whenever they speak about me (Cause I'm out here grindin) I ain't splittin nuttin with nobody Homey I gotta get me me (cause I'm out here grindin) I ain't slippin eight days I can go for eight weeks ain't nuttin to me, cause I am the streets [Rick Ross - slightly overlaps Chorus] Ricky Ross, a.k.a. Moneybags, feel me Put my life on the line, but I'm likely to grind I'm on top of the game, fuck if you like it or not That's how I get the freaks, strawberry Swisher sweets You'll be dealin with H, when you dealin with G's Smash it deal with the realest, shoppin like it's still December Diplomat on the fender of the Phantom I'm the winner (winner) I do it for the hood (hood) I do it cause you cain't (cain't) Your suckers wish you could, Ricky Ross is in the paint [Young Jeezy] Ahh~! Guess who? Guess what? Under investigation - so what? Come through, do's up You lil' cooler baller, watch you freeze up Look ma, got a new car Should be proud of your son, he a trap star It doesn't matter you expense it that's what {?} told me Can't let nobody say I got a hundred on cocaine [Lil Boosie] + (Khaled) Look W-E T-H-E B-E-S-T DJ Khaled (WE THE BEST!) W-E T-H-E B-E-S-T (DJ Khaled, that's me!) Hey W-E T-H-E B-E-S-T DJ Khaled (WE THE BEST!) W-E T-H-E B-E-S-T (DJ Khaled, that's me!) I wake up to get my cake up, I'm out to grind What can I say I'm a product of my environ' Uh-oh, I'm in the game, watch me do me Kickin these niggaz Khaled man call that Bruce Lee Summer winter spring I can't forget the fall I still remain a dog, a diabetic and all All I want is my paper, I don't care what they say And stick they tongue out when they bow they head, cause WE THE BEST [Trick Daddy] (Hey!) You niggaz fly, before you was just maggots I'm the shit bitch, because I'm black flaggin Yes sir, the DR the new sqaud You niggaz mod and squad, we go hard They like oh God, there go T-Double He got his click and his brothers, I know it's gon' be trouble Dark boys on the black Jags, see in them black masks Now they can't stand my black ass [Ace Hood] Hey knock knock! Yeah I'm knockin on the bank do' Three hundred million dollars and I'm droppin off the cash flow See ye ain't heard I hit a lick, now my money right Spend it on the U-Haul, dippin on the turnpike Call up my dogs (dogs) brag on my face (face) Bodies gon' fall (fall) tell em it's Ace (Ace) If I catch a charge nigga I'ma flee the state Hit my niggaz L.A. Reid and Khaled watch me beat the case [Plies] Hey feds! Heard you're bringin my name up Know you want me bad, thank I give a fuck? (Thank I give a fuck?) Better indict me now before my price go up (up) Came in the world thuggin, leavin with big nuts (nuts) Yeah I run with killers homey, so what? What you want me to tell you, I sold a lil dust? Send your informant, I bet he leave bust I ain't scared to go, I believe in Je-sus The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DJ Khaled f/ Fabolous, Fat Joe, Flo Rida, Lloyd, Rick Ross Album: We Global Song: Go Ahead Typed by: rive_ballin@hotmail.com [DJ Khaled] Yeah I met this shorty last night right [Fabolous] Real Rap [DJ Khaled] And you know she looked like she was with her man [Fabolous] He,he,he [DJ Khaled] And you know I see you with your man she was like nah that's my friend [Fabolous] Oooh Okay [DJ Khaled] So that was my cue Ayo Fab [Fabolous & DJ Khaled] Ey Khaled Shorty wanna give me the go ahead that I'ma stay even when I need to go head and if I feel something I'ma try figured you winked at me not just something in your eye See shawty you aint got to tell me what I know That was E-40 who said tell me when to go I know I got the green light And ya'll get the red light So if the head right I'll be there err night Err night like a playoff game You hard working haters take a day off man We the what? (We the best!) Thats so true, when I walk in this bitch baby that's your cue [Lloyd] I know you see me starin girl I see you lookin at me Go find and it's apparent girl You feelin luck in the street Girl tell me, what's on your mind, let me know Girl give me the go, give me the go ahead What's on your mind, let me know Girl give me the go, give me the go ahead [Rick Ross] Its the boss You know we global DJ Khaled, Flo Rida, ya know how it is Baby you need international phone call to call me Its Global right here I need bitch who motivated And know multiplication It's serve collect calls 'cuz I got multiple cases Let it be house, yea the comfortable places Married to the game on a prenuptial basis Khaled, he the best in the game when he break it She the baddest in the club, and I'm willin to take it We got a lot 'o dollars, gotta be willin to make it And if you wanna baby might just be willin to taste it Boss, I'm thuggin and she lovin it Gotta have protect one, sippin on that bubbly Its hard not to notice me, we known globally Sittin on the top of the world just so comfortably [Lloyd] I know you see me starin girl I see you lookin at me Go find and it's apparent girl You feelin luck in the street Girl tell me, what's on your mind, let me know Girl give me the go, give me the go ahead What's on your mind, let me know Girl give me the go, give me the go ahead [Flo Rida & DJ Khaled] Ayyyy Let me get the OKAY shawty, what's on your brain I wanna know I see you lookin, I been peepin your game I get a rhythm, see me jookin t, teach you a thang - Or two, I'm in the dang zip, you wanna come entertain me boo? We can do that, there, just gimme the go Been a playa unprepared, everybody grown folks 'Round here, them gold bottles hold them up Then we can say, cheeers (Let's take a toast) No wheat or white bread in my Pilsbury dough Just give me the right head with the letters G-O All eyes if you like your momma, lame as a video Imagine you and other kitties(?) strollin all over the city [Lloyd] I know you see me starin girl I see you lookin at me Go find and it's apparent girl You feelin luck in the street [Fat Joe] Crack! How hot is hot? She on fire baby burn the block I even taught her how to turn to pot You cool it off, and it come back rock (crack!) Yes! I am him Pull strings like a violin Then I cross over like I'm Iverson To Z100 out to Ireland White chicks is standin on line Black chicks is standin on line Don't discriminate, I disintegrate So much cake, maybe we can get away [Lloyd] I know you see me starin girl I see you lookin at me Go find and it's apparent girl You feelin luck in the street Girl tell me, what's on your mind, let me know Girl give me the go, give me the go ahead What's on your mind, let me know Girl give me the go, give me the go ahead The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DJ Khaled f/ Cool, Nas Album: We Global Song: I'm On Typed by: newos_crib_is@hotmail.com [Intro: DJ Khaled] The season has returned DJ KHALED! We global now, we global We international now, international Nasir! [Verse 1: Nas] Money fall out the sky when I speak Got a valet, can't leave mine out in these streets Can't carpool, the crew is too deep Why tuck it all in? The jewels are too sweet You should ball if you could I be diggin in my pockets, it ain't trickin if you got it And since a nigga from the projects Champagne out of a can would be the fly shit And I'm a history maker, hood motivational speaker Rap Led Zeppelin, best-dressed list Show you how to bubble off of large investments Ya heard me, and this journey, I'm the journalist Line around the block to hear the words of the herbalist Send ya girl to the Dominicans to perm her shit Tell her tonight, we gonna see Nas return to his murder shit [Hook: Nas] (DJ Khaled) It's still Nasty, raw in the flesh God's Son, never gone, never left King, I played every card in the deck The whole world waitin for what I'ma do next And y'all already know where I came from Queensbridge repper since day one Nigga, I'm on! (Come on!) I'm on! (Come on!) I'm on! (Come on!) I'm on! (Nasir!) Come on! [Chorus: Cool] Out of the shadows, into the light I have the power to take back what's mine (Can't hide, can't hide) We have the power (Alive, it's so fine to be alive) We are the light [Verse 2: Nas] I'm God's hit man, Chopard wristband New York crown jewel, no if-and's, top five I'm the one, two, three, four and the fifth man Smoke a hookah in Istanbul, I'm quicksand I'm five mics, five points of light Hit the stage like a meteorite They wanna all hear Ether tonight, but we ain't beefin tonight That's history, so now when you mention me Say I'm a mystery like six degrees Or the seven hills of Sicily, I need a vasectomy They resurrected me but nothin is left for me Just when you thought you'd seen the best of me I take it a notch higher, yeah Sip more wine than a Somalian Get around town in a private Lear And by sun down, I'm up out of here [Hook] [Verse 3: Nas] Power, paper, palace is so high Lookin over skyscrapers, wildin out in Dubai Do I look like I never seen the better things? Emerald ring, I chase cheddar mean Pockets on swole since eighteen years old Gettin my dough, cigars are hand-rolled From Guantanamo, Gallardos, the car shows The Narcos, Gestapos, Optimos Cause I love the dough more than you know Still ain't reached the pinnacle Braveheart general since nine-fo' Got the belt to show, certified classic Nine-six, Street Dreams was blastin And no way they wanna hire assassins They still harassin, I'm so platinum, it's natural And nigga is my acronym, lights, camera, actionin [Hook] [Nas] Nigga, I'm on! I'm on! Come on! [Outro: DJ Khaled] We global now, we global We international now, international Nasir! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DJ Khaled f/ Dre, The Game, Jadakiss, Trick Daddy Album: We Global Song: Game (Red Light) Typed by: AZ Lyrics [DJ Khaled] We the best I represent the hood I represent the ghetto I represent the people I represent you LISTEN!!! [Dre] All the money in the world couldnt change me No diamond rings or them fancy cars Cause my niggaz in the hood woulda let me Holler this because..... (I'm from the ghetto) I'm from the ghetto (I'm from the pojects) I'm from the projects All over the world and every hood they know I'm from the ghetto and thats fo sho' (I'm from the ghetto) I'm from the ghetto (I'm from the projects) I'm from the projects All over the world and every hood they know I'm from the ghetto and thats fo sho' [The Game] Ayo Cali Walk with me Yeah thats what got me here The chucks the khaki suits All the swap meet years The six dollar socks the five dollar rocks Uncle Greg rest in peace he taught me how to chop Thats why I love the hood and everything we got From the ice cream trucks to the fourty ounce tops All white Air Force Ones to fake Jacob watch A few reasons why I drive the Bently hard top Use it in my songs cause I live it on the block Tattoo it on my face let the whole world watch I'm that type of nigga yall made my city bigger dawg Turn the TV off got tired of watchin Jigga boss So we told our mom's we was lookin for jobs When we was really in the record store lookin for Nas Project of the ghetto, Ghetto and the project From compton to being Dre's number one prospect so..... [Dre] All the money in the world couldnt change me No diamond rings or them fancy cars Cause my niggaz in the hood woulda let me Holler this because..... (I'm from the ghetto) I'm from the ghetto (I'm from the pojects) I'm from the projects All over the world and every hood they know I'm from the ghetto and thats fo sho' (I'm from the ghetto) I'm from the ghetto (I'm from the projects) I'm from the projects All over the world and every hood they know I'm from the ghetto and thats fo sho' [Jadakiss] AAHHAA!!! Yeah ugh They know Yeah ugh Aint no help there just food stamps Weight checks and welfare Every man gone for self there Still might need to borrow your medicade card for health care Yeah if you never got knocked then you made it Everybody know eachother if not they realated You can get shot or get bladed Theres dudes that got jobs now that had blocks in the eighties Six months five years for you just to cop out Ninth or tenth grade is usually when niggaz drop out Fights break out when you wired and start joking Alot of OG's retired and started smokin House party games of spade sweet kool-aid Loud music all night till the boys in blue raid So therefore I could never be too paid I know where I'm going and where I'm from will get you laid [Dre] All the money in the world couldnt change me No diamond rings or them fancy cars Cause my niggaz in the hood woulda let me Holler this because..... (I'm from the ghetto) I'm from the ghetto (I'm from the pojects) I'm from the projects All over the world and every hood they know I'm from the ghetto and thats fo sho' (I'm from the ghetto) I'm from the ghetto (I'm from the projects) I'm from the projects All over the world and every hood they know I'm from the ghetto and thats fo sho' [Trick Daddy] Haha Tell me this how come Black folks get a little doe And forget where they come from Man we used to have good times But since you moved on up you aint cool with us We still support you tho we dont see you much You aint the first fool its cool with us But why you living out your idols dreams Remember how for you came and help you keep those thangs Now its cool that your adress changed But I'm tryna holla at my dog and the number aint the same I guess new homies came with his fame But see true homies will stay the same Through all the up's and down's in your career A couple wives few kids scattered here And when you dead or broke without a deal All the groupies cleared... The ghetto will still be here [Dre] All the money in the world couldnt change me No diamond rings or them fancy cars Cause my niggaz in the hood woulda let me Holler this because..... (I'm from the ghetto) I'm from the ghetto (I'm from the pojects) I'm from the projects All over the world and every hood they know I'm from the ghetto and thats fo sho' (I'm from the ghetto) I'm from the ghetto (I'm from the projects) I'm from the projects All over the world and every hood they know I'm from the ghetto and thats fo sho' The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DJ Khaled f/ Fat Joe, Ray-J, Trey Songz Album: We Global Song: We Global Typed by: rive_ballin@hotmail.com [DJ Khaled] I would usually scream all over this intro But I'mma let my friends tell you We Global We Global Now We Made It [Trey Songz] We done been around the world Seen a lot girls, girls It started off local Now we global And baby, we da best (we da best) we da best (we da best) See, we do it for the hood Make it understood, we bought that paper And we global And baby, we da best (we da best) we da best (we da best) we da best [Trey Songz] Blast through When I come through, all the pretty women wanna know what it do Make Moves, I break rules and baby when i leave I want your friend to come too We rich nigga Money make the playa haters sit, go figure, straight go getta And when I tell you we da best, it's no lie. We Live, it's televised And if you feel me, put your hands in the sky Let's make a oath that we never be broke again. [Trey Songz] We done been around the world Seen a lot girls, girls It started off local Now we global (We Global) And baby, we da best (we da best) we da best (we da best) See, we do it for the hood Make it understood, we bought that paper And we global And baby, we da best (we da best) we da best (we da best) we da best [Fat Joe] I'm second to none They're descending upon Tattoo on my arm, Tony Montana the one We da best (We da best?) Yes We Nigga Just got that new yacht to get em sea sicka Yeah yeah, i love the way she do it mask on her face, first she chop it then screw it Niggas coming ready raw, cuz i speaking fluids talking money that's something that you don't what to do with, i done rock with Mary J Blige, my nigga, try petting the recession, yeah some that nigga The big boy get the big boy's rush, the only nigga made 20 mill Fuckin' with Koch [Trey Songz] We done been around the world Seen a lot girls, girls It started off local Now we global And baby, we da best (we da best) we da best (we da best) See, we do it for the hood Make it understood, we bought that paper And we global And baby, we da best (we da best) we da best (we da best) we da best [Ray J] I'm so independent, but the radio play em Fuck em all night, and hit the streets in the AM A milli off top if I video tape em I seen a lot of girls, from LA to Jamaica Yeahh, And all the girls, they wanna get freaky with me Yeahh, I'm in the club with a girl spanish japanese Ya my nigga DJ Khaled, girls alone and you know we the best and we so flawless, It's your boy Ray J gettin that money. [Trey Songz] We done been around the world Seen a lot girls, girls It started off local Now we global And baby, we da best (we da best) we da best (we da best) See, we do it for the hood Make it understood, we bought that paper And we global And baby, we da best (we da best) we da best (we da best) we da best The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DJ Khaled f/ Busta Rhymes, Missy Elliott, Sean Paul Album: We Global Song: She's Fine Typed by: rive_ballin@hotmail.com * * the Sean Paul parts needs serious correction [Missy Elliott] DJ Khaled [Chorus: Sean Paul] * Shes blazin up  Shes blazin up the gucci man it is from the wildy Fuck  Beacouse the side and up U' too t' bae I guess beacouse the wildy tup  Beacouse shes blazin up  Shes blazin up the gucci man and its from the side and up  Beacouse the side and up  She a man uh a wanton fire shes blazin up  [Missy Elliott] Missy be the shiggidy, bomb diggidy I can take yo man shawty, that's fo'shiggidy Fo'shiggidy, I make a lot of miggidy Money ain't a thiggidy, I make these hoes sick of me I'm makin history like Khaled make a movie It's yours truly, I'm stingy with the booty Spend the lucci, on the bags and the shoes see the Gucci Gucci, the Fendi and the Louis I love the groupie, who wanna do me He gotta have the ching-a-ling to taste the oochi Oochie Wally baby, you got a Marley baby? Go and get me baby, fuckin with this hottie baby K-H-A, L-E-D Me like the boys with a lot of money, eh eh eh Dem gotta spend the ching-a-ling on me, eh eh eh Dem gotta spend the ching-a-ling on me, wooo! [Sean Paul] * Become in love dem ott gurls  Duffle man dey bring da gi and da vaga in 2 my world  Sport center to the Fuck gurls  Cenemar left dem out now dey cum out on my word  So im dickin on my ladies  So every women out dere start likin me apres dis  So wen I get to say dis  Every boy named K-a-led to da k space  Out my wife to uh dingin apred dis  Duffle man out ther wish im not ladies  Wen im at the bar man champagne outrageous  Stick ur body out in my sister mercedes  Blazin ooh man ur energeny is outsa  Blazin ohh man stick ur body outa  On my need on energy on us  Streight upon the lies the busta mere putsa  [Busta Rhymes] I dont care if you a nun - KNOCK ON WOOD! I'm a muh'fuckin freak and yo' ass look good  And I'll give it to you good until the day we through Heard you a freak? Yeah me too! And I'll monkeyfuckya in a way you never heard-a Choke you with my tongue while I peal your La Pearla My little momma open and there ain't no denyin Shawty gobblin up my meat even when a nigga drivin You got enough to eat? Well here's a sip of Aquafina  Mouth so pretty wit'cha lips like Angelina I aint never seen a chick look like such a winner  Shawty got a mix look like she got a little foreign in her How she give it to me when she had to - do it, do it She was makin funny noises like - oohee, ooheee Had me lookin at her funny and I knew I wasn't buggin  Shawty made the kinda sounds like I was dickin down a Russian [Missy Elliott] DJ Khaled The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DJ Khaled f/ Ace Hood, Bali, Blood Raw, Brisco, Bun B, Lil Scrappy, Rock City, Shawty Lo Album: We Global Song: Final Warning Typed by: dusan_fresh@hotmail.com [The Inkredibles]: It's so incredible Intro: [DJ Khaled] Yeah it's the DJ Khaled Khaled Khaled I do this for the projects! I got the Mothafuckin Gutta on this track I got the projects on this one! Chorus: [Rock City] You have no idea why you started But guess this is your final warning And boy we don't care who you callin Nothing can save you know Shotta youts will run up in your apartment So you betta mind where you walkin God damn man can to your target Nothin can save you know [Bun B] See you dun push the wrong button And Cross the wrong line Stepped on the wrong shoe Muthafucka it was mine Time and time they get me out the tandem Me are da true I traded mine in For caveman king You don't wanna fuck with the Southside Gotcha boys Ya'll ain't know trill ass niggas Ya'll some boxy boys And pull shots on boys Scattered like a roach And put that on the fifth I'm the nigga you don't wanna approach [Blood Raw]: I was raised in the heart of the jungle The belly of the beast And this lick here sweet I'm so flawed You can put me on the front line Ass back nicks I don't represent the gun shy Thing about the Street life Homie I live Wear my heart on my sleeve And niggas gotta fear life From the bottom to the top East to the west All I gotta say is Khaled Nigga we the Best Chorus: [Rock City] You have no idea why you started But guess this is your final warning And boy we don't care who you callin Nothing can save you know [Ace Hood] Yo Bdah Bdah Bdah Khaled go let me see em Hand me the fucking clever Cause I got a fucking fever For all the evil Kinevel people  who try to stunt Call me Danny Glover I'm lethal this ain't no sequel Shoot you people while you sleepin The grim reaper is out to lunch Put holes in you mouth so you can't be found And Khaled got my back He gon shoot a hundred rounds Bdddddddddddddah So say hello to death If you ever in my town [Brisco] I came from the eggs of a goddess And the balls of a gigolo All I had was 2 ounces An old chevy and figuro Blood shed apart my feet And bad vibes got a nigga rockin voodoo deep Lord forgive me I know not a better way And pop has tried to stick me Damn I need some better ye Ring the Alarm Tell em people come come Look at what the fuck the Briscgun YEAH! It's the Final Warning! [Bali] Khaled these niggas talkin I'm an orphin And leave a hole in his head Like a dolphin Fuck a hole in one Ain't golfin' I'mma put his whole unit in a coffin Cause any nigga fuck wit my pocket I'mma open his ass off Like suicide doors Any badass niggas Y'all scared of that lake I'mma tell you once don't be scared of the dre Chorus: [Rock City] You have no idea why you started But guess this is your final warning And boy we don't care who your callin Nothing can save you know [Lil Scrappy] I'm usually cool But know I gotta bet back I tried telling ya Ain't wit'cha death threats I let my nigga know Tell em go hammer that And it ain't gon take all day We know where you live at Ill bet ya hide from ya neighbors Keep em mad shawty That's how we kill em babies Holla Khaled And tell him Im on the way now I just had to hit a lick in the A-Town [Shawty Lo] Look at me it's shawty So bossy And I don't feel like that Can't stop me now Ya See what's Haapnin Big shit dun popped off I'm the best nigga you can ask Khaled you can ask Khaled you can ask Khaled I'm the best nigga Chorus: [Rock City] You have no idea why you started But guess this is your final warning And boy we don't care who your callin Nothing can save you know Shotta youts will run up in your apartment So you betta mind where you walkin God damn man can do your target Nothin can save you know The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DJ Khaled f/ The Dunk Ryders, Trick Daddy Album: We Global Song: Fuck the Other Side Typed by: AZ Lyrics I'm on my way nigga Fuck the otha side That side ain't shit Niggaz can't fuck with me Now It's a Special way I fold my flag And I'll bust ya head if it's bout dat cash Give me a dickey I don't need that outfit (hol up) A 305 fitted jus to match my kicks (hol up) Cause bitch I'm Alive [Verse 1] Yeah and I can't even lie You can tell by my red ass eyes that I'm high I'm doin' sign language, Screamin fuck the other side Flawgin' ass niggaz ain't nuttin but some liars We beat niggaz have bitches like god Them boys in that all black wild Mouths get wide An bitches get dumb And bodies gettin lef in the middle a da club And yeah we love dro More den any otha hoe Guns standin from the ceilin to the mothafuckin flo' An we get it an we go it's like we get it from da sto' Leave it in the weight house with a dickey full a blow (My Nigga) Fuck The Other Side And I'll say it twice, Fuck The other Side We in this bitch deep smellin like a pound And if you really want it you can get it right now [Verse 2] Now everybody like why you do it like that Why the hell every day you be in that all black Fresh Pair of J's and you kno they all black Still posted in the hood with my dawgs countin stacks This Shit ain't nothin new, they know how I do it homes Seven tre (73) Big body sittin on chrome Hood On Swole, Everybody on lean I'm Smokin on Dro with a Hoodrat Bitch Goons on the line and they ain't got shit But we good over here, tell em get like this Standin in the trap with my lil' young jits Gettin off sacks, what you know about this Bout This [Verse 3] Yo you don't really want it, cause you can really get it You can catch me in that dickie or that 305 fitted I ain't worried bout a busta, I Ain't worried bout a hoe If a nigga try me than I'm gonna kill that mothafucka Fuck the other side, I ain't gotta say it twice All I do is say it once and my niggaz on point And Then you see them black flags, turn into them black masks Niggaz pullin' choppas out, like they off in baghdad put em in a black bag go and get ya check cashed if ya yell at anybody ya might get ya neck slashed now there's a special I hold my mack yeah yo there's a special way I fold my cash The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DJ Khaled f/ Ace Hood, Birdman, Brisco, Rick Ross Album: We Global Song: Blood Money Typed by: dusan_fresh@hotmail.com [Brisco] Ha Yeah Triple c CMB poe boy Boss what it is nigga? Birdman what up The Goons to be king How you love that pussy nigga? Yeah Blood Money The definition I'm Clutching on my slippin in The Way I'm Feeling Right Now A Bitch Could get the Business Just know my niggas squeeze on side Only problem is we doin this head knock I told Ross We gon show em how the Gutta do All black skis Black ones And the Jumpsuit Silde in the silder in and out night vision Scopes on the AR To hit em with precision And did I mention this one here's for the thugs dummy A little drugs bunny We did it off of Blood Money More pieces of crown Vic surround us We runnin up on niggas They jumpin off of counters One time for my allies I'm a poe boy that like my guns Supersize CMB what it is I'm cookin up them kids [Rick Ross] I'm countin Blood Money Ain't mad cause I love money Came up getting drug Money We countin blood Money Ain't mad cause I love money Came up getting drug Money We talkin drug money We talkin blood money We talkin blood money Straight Blood Money We talkin drug money It's drug money It's drug money Drug Money [Ace Hood] Okay we getting from us servin weight Get it cause we servin ye See the way we get the cake Like every days a boring gay Blood Money And I'm a count it till they come for me The feds hate it They mistakin me for Blanco Buddies I'm puttin Blood, sweat and tears for this cash money I'm talkin crooked unidentified bags of it I'm talkin yellow table paper Put the tags on it You play with mine Bet I turn you into crash dummies Better not need heaters I spit them shells like the beatles I have my people go see you I squash you out like a cheater nigga I for that drug money Underneath the rug money My niggas love money Yeah I'm talking Blood Money [Rick Ross] I'm countin Blood Money Ain't mad cause I love money Came up getting drug Money We countin blood Money Ain't mad cause I love money Came up getting drug Money We talkin drug money We talkin blood money We talkin blood money Straight Blood Money We talkin drug money It's drug money It's drug money Drug Money [Rick Ross] Hammers in the Hummers Sticks in the lids Sweets in the trunk Streets gimmie sneers Money comin fast Blood comin slow Who dem boys with the H Feds wanna know Gators on theif Neighbors gon sleep You dealin with a G And the haters gon see Boss I'm in the dealership With a duffle bag Couple Mazaradihs Couple Hundred Stacks Far from peaches and cream Niggas deceased on the scene I'm just countin my green Chillin sippin' my li Keep investigatin Cause you got a job Better keep your vest on Bitch cause we got a mar [Rick Ross] I'm countin Blood Money Ain't mad cause I love money Came up getting drug Money We countin blood Money Ain't mad cause I love money Came up getting drug Money We talkin drug money We talkin blood money We talkin blood money Straight Blood Money We talkin drug money It's drug money It's drug money Drug Money [Birdman] Well I'm the mob chief Givin orders Callin all the shots out Make a nigga understand We Gangsters We don't play out Came from under the sand Lift my own weight up Bought a house off the curb Was patient so it paid up No pleasure and pain homie Just the price for the flight Don't get'cha head chopped Fuckin with them five stripes Eagle land it went south Now we got the cake Paper plate money Every time I hitch a state High on this pressure life Famous from the mud Got the game from some old heads I took it up in Blood Yeah the only price nigga Is a price A mill on some whips A hundred on ya life [Rick Ross] I'm countin Blood Money Ain't mad cause I love money Came up getting drug Money We countin blood Money Ain't mad cause I love money Came up getting drug Money We talkin drug money We talkin blood money We talkin blood money Straight Blood Money We talkin drug money It's drug money It's drug money Drug Money [Birdman] Yeah the big Things 100 Big dog status CMB nigga Poe boy Yeah 100 yeah bitch Holla back The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DJ Khaled f/ Casely, Pitbull Album: We Global Song: Defend Dade Typed by: AZ Lyrics Khaled check this out right I know we global now, world wide 305 But I see that they are trying to bring down the movement I'm telling everybody in the crib they can bet on me One time, new Diaz (that's right) Put your money where your mouth is, bet on me. [x4] Tell them boys to keep running that shit out they mouth I'm the guard of my city, can't knock me down like Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah (Don't talk about it, be about it HEY) Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah (Don't talk about it, be about it HEY) Tell them boys to keep running that shit out they mouth I'm the guard of my city, can't knock me down like Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah (Don't talk about it, be about it HEY) You're back won't last with checks you can't cash Keep disrespectin', in the the everglades they'll find ya I'm not from San Fransisco, but the chopper of forty-ninya I grew up listenin to Lou, and... and... and pumpin Trick Them boys done open doors, so respect is owed I got love for Rick, and congrats you made it I was a fan from the mix tape you sold me at Foxy Ladies I seen them trying to bring you down, but fuck that dog you one of the greatest! Khaled mix 96er, but even back then though you had haters I remember the Temple at Oynx, I was too drunk to get in I was still outsider selling Chronic you know gettin it in I remember Ump beating the rape mistrial, celebrating the win Ya'll can try to stop Miami but this shit will never end Tell them boys to keep running that shit out they mouth I'm the guard of my city, can't knock me down like Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah (Don't talk about it, be about it HEY) Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah (Don't talk about it, be about it HEY) Tell them boys to keep running that shit out they mouth I'm the guard of my city, can't knock me down like Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah (Don't talk about it, be about it HEY) You're backs won't last with checks you can't cash One time TS, two times Fat Joe I remember them boys in Wynnwood hood stack short I remember them Cash Money Boys in Little Haiti, all running with zozs Banana Azuri, soft drop top that's fo sho Flo Rida, Groundhogs always show love before Dammit been paying dues, now it's my time to blow Even when 50 come through, he don't roll no less than 50 zozs! Cause they will push your shit back, way back to trues and vows My dog Noseshaker, come through the block on something clean Sounding like an earthquake, he is what these dope boys dream Hit a lick, flip a brick, snatch a Brinks truck That's them Miami boys don't get it mixed up Tell them boys to keep running that shit out they mouth I'm the guard of my city, can't knock me down like Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah (Don't talk about it, be about it HEY) Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah (Don't talk about it, be about it HEY) Tell them boys to keep running that shit out they mouth I'm the guard of my city, can't knock me down like Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah (Don't talk about it, be about it HEY) You're backs won't last with checks you can't cash I'm Mr. 305, I'm a part of Miami's Heat I grew up in all types of neighborhoods, I am Miami's street Low key and stay quiet, that's how these chicos in Miami eat I love it when these boys come from out of town and thinking Miamis sweet All of them down looking for pussy, trying to Miami skeet That's when they run up in they hotel room and give them a Miami treat When the choppers start a raining, it's hard to stop a Miami leak That's what they get for thinking Miamis just Miami Beach Tell them boys to keep running that shit out they mouth I'm the guard of my city, can't knock me down like Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah (Don't talk about it, be about it HEY!) Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah (Don't talk about it, be about it HEY!) Tell them boys to keep running that shit out they mouth I'm the guard of my city, can't knock me down like Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah (Don't talk about it, be about it HEY!) You're backs won't last with checks you can't cash Hah, You know how this ain't a neighborhood right? Don't let your mouth write a check your ass can't cash Ha ha ha If the moneys on the wood, it's all good But if the moneys out of sight it going to be a fight And the last thing you want is a fight with the 305, ha ha ha The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DJ Khaled f/ Ludacris, Rick Ross, Snoop Dogg, T-Pain Album: Victory Song: All I Do Is Win Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Khaled] D, J, Khaled! [T-Pain] Hey! Yeah [Khaled] We the best! [Chorus: T-Pain] All I do is win win win no matter what Got money on my mind, I can never get enough And every time I step up in the building Everybody hands go UP... And they stay there, and they say yeah And they stay there - up down up down up down Cause all I do is WIN, WIN, WIN And if you goin in put yo' hands in the air, make 'em stay there! [Ludacris] Yeah, listen, LUDA! Ludacris goin in on the verse cause I never been defeated and I won't stop now Keep your hands up, keep 'em in the sky  for the homies that ain't make it and my folks locked down I never went nowhere, but they sayin Luda's back Blame it on that conjure, the hood call it Luda 'gnac And I'm on this foolish track, so I spit my foolish flow My hands go up and down, like strippers' booties go My verses still be servin, tight like a million virgins Last time on the Khaled remix, now I'm on the original version Can't never count me out, y'all better count me in Got twenty bank accounts, accountants count me in Make millions every year (yeah) the South's champion (yeah) Cause all I do, all I - all I - all I - all I do is AY, WOO! [Rick Ross] Win, win, who? Boss Boss, swervin in my lo-lo Head on the swivel, you know servin me's a no-no Clean as a whistle as I pull out in my Rolls Royce Yellow bone passenger, they see it they say "oh boy" Tell Khaled back it up, my niggaz call me loco Down for armed traffickin, don't make me pull that fo'-fo' Ask you what you laughin at - represent that mud life! Dirty money bitch you better get yo' mud right! We come together holdin hands and holla thug life We all strapped in all black, it's like fuck life (all we do is win!) You ridin to what (WHAT!) cause we ridin tonight (tonight!) Now she ridin with me cause you wasn't ridin her right Ross! [Snoop Dogg] Heat in the kitchen, pot on the stove Water gettin boiled, dope bein sold Snoopy in the hoopty, system overload I been runnin this rap game since I was 20 years old I hung with the worst of 'em, bust 'til I burst 'em up Floss 'em up, toss 'em up, hardaway, boss 'em up Pardon me, I'm bossin up, pressure up, bless you bruh Don't mess with us, we like the U in the 80's Back to back, set a trap, hit the lick, hit it back Hit the trick, jump the track, bitch I want my money back Time and time again while I'm sippin on this gin Al Davis said it best, "Just win baby, win!" The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DJ Khaled f/ Drake, Rick Ross, Usher, Young Jeezy Album: Victory Song: Fed Up * Typed by: rive_ballin@hotmail.com * first single [Usher]  It was all a dream  Yeah homie I'm on my job  And you can't take that away from me  Yeah I got my team  And I got all of my niggas behind me  And they give me the love I need  Yeah I got my foot in the door  Still hustling for more  Checking the game  Yeah I'm back in the life  Yeah I'm fed up  Hey I'm fed up  Hey I'm fed up  I'm so sick and tired of being sick and tired  [Young Jeezy]  I am absolutely positively on my grizzy  Even though I'm sick of them tired, I gets busy  Started 62, what ended up a frisbee  And me, I like to stand at the stove until I'm dizzy  Ball so hard it's like I brought the game with me  Left my glove, so why you thought I brought your man with me?  'Bout to paint a purple picture like I brought the frame with me  I give it all up before I let the fame get me  I got niggas tryin' to sue me, bitches tryin' to do me  (?) they exactly, what who'da thought never knew me (?)  But these niggas know me and half them niggas owe me  I'm fed up, it's why I'm acting like the ol' me  [Usher]  It was all a dream  Yeah homie I'm on my job  And you can't take that away from me  Yeah I got my team  And I got all of my niggas behind me  And they give me the love I need  Yeah I got my foot in the door  Still hustling for more  Checking the game  Yeah I'm back in the life  Yeah I'm fed up  Hey I'm fed up  Hey I'm fed up  I'm so sick and tired of being sick and tired [Rick Ross]  I'm sick and tired of you suckahs so now I'm fed up (Ross)  Somebody catch the chain; I'm 'bout to tear his head off  Shawty bendin' over knowin' I'm 'bout to tear it up  Before you let your top back, get your bread up  Made history, but now we claiming victory  Get ya out da white house; go back to your efficiency  Suckahs finny and I know you haters hear me  Like the IRS, you wonder what I'm makin; yilly!  With them brown bags, circulate so why I perpetrate  We shinin' than the bottom cuz we're down to twerkulate  Lookin' at the parking lot; better get your mind right  Oh (?) you better be broke cuz the time's right  [Usher]  It was all a dream  Yeah homie I'm on my job  And you can't take that away from me  Yeah I got my team  And I got all of my niggas behind me  And they give me the love I need  Yeah I got my foot in the door  Still hustling for more  Checking the game  Yeah I'm back in the life  Yeah I'm fed up  Hey I'm fed up  Hey I'm fed up  I'm so sick and tired of being sick and tired  [Drake]  Ugh, me and Wayne was gettin' high on 'em  We leaned over and told 'em to go retire on 'em  And when they give ya they shoulders, never cry on 'em  And when they love you to death, never die on 'em  And the question still remains  Have I counted all the money that I managed to obtain?  Dedicating overtime and damaging my name  And somehow I'm still the hottest, muthafuckah on the game  [Usher]  Yeah I've been in this bin breaking records since now proof So I ain't gotta brag about records that I've brought  Records that I hold  Records that I've sold  Man I'm fed up with these niggas, believe in my lingo  Yeah, don't bite the hand of your provider  You see that lying, you a liar  I'm on fire; you used to light up  You're gonna wake up and realize-  [Usher] It was all a dream  Yeah homie I'm on my job  And you can't take that away from me  Yeah I got my team  And I got all of my niggas behind me  And they give me the love I need  Yeah I got my foot in the door  Still hustling for more  Checking the game  Yeah I'm back in the life  Yeah I'm fed up  Hey I'm fed up  Hey I'm fed up  I'm so sick and tired of being sick and tired The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DJ Khaled f/ Nas, John Legend Album: Victory Song: Victory Typed by: jaysscholar@gmail.com [Hook: John Legend] Whatever it is, I'll pay the cost I'm willing to risk it, I'll take the loss I'll put it all on the line In a hustler's state of mind I'm going to make history Just so we can claim victory (Victory) Oh, victory (Victory) [Nas] Speedboats, three tokes and pass it Grass lit, hitting slopes in Aspen No coat, just an oath to stay thorough 'til we back to ashes Driven in fly sedans to the MGM Grand Picture lots of sand, two blondes, implants Remy in hand, we trying to tan, deal my cards with an honest hand A modest man, aware of any counter-scam Palm trees, magnum Don Ps, LV monograms Hottest girls flew from Rio Mojitos, mucho frio, my libido Sex so strong, without the E though Hollow threats, we don't see those Higher death toll whenever we roll That process is pivotal My pitiful poverty-struck criminals will get a Jew Then we lounge in a Spanish-style house ‘Til it all blows over, Dolce Gabbana out Contemplating, there is no bond with Satan Say a little prayer for me like Aretha Franklin For my hustlers, here's some motivation He who has begun is half done, why you waiting? I'm too impatient to pray, too much patience for stress It's too much paper to rest, fuck around, you face death I know some niggas from Astoria That'll cut your daughter up Like I used to cut a quarter up Making all the bucks, banana clips I bought in Georgia bucks Kill all you fucks, easy I be on the golf cart, sleepy Y'all beneath me Y'all be at the pawn shop, pawning watches Obnoxious, can't stop us, we shottas Say you killing Pablo? Impossible Nonsense, preposterous, bizarre at best Unfulfilled promises I feel intelligence is my wealth However, how enormous is Nas' pockets is a pop quiz to gossipers See me at the Oscars, looking dreamy, hood opulent Means esoteric, how I wore it Exoticness makes you curious to see how serious my closet is Shareholders wanna invest in that Nas stock, it's just We be on that real shit, luxury four-wheel shit Niggas acting thirst on some just-got-a-deal shit Ha, for that victory we will kill shit Get out the way, playboy, this is real shit [Hook] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DJ Khaled f/ Jim Jones, Schife Album: Victory Song: Ball Typed by: AZ Lyrics DJ KHALED! It started with some packs (Go!) Then a couple cars (Jim Jones!) Wake up with my dogs (Go!) Took over the block (Lets Go!) And then we Ball! [x7] (Thats all we know how to do... Who invented this thing!) Now we run the city (M.I yayo what it do!) Motherfuck the law (Victory) Push the latest cars (What the numbers lookin' like Khaled!) Cos we move alot of raw And so we Ball! [x7] (Ay just have me a drop top on deck when I land.... I be back when its warm!) [Verse 1] I started from an ounce (28) Stretched that to 42 (ehh) Flipped that to shawty blue took it to the sporty coup (Go!) Now,I can get it for a 23 so short give me 42, and what the fuck ya gonna do (what else) BALL! I'm all for it like Brandon Roy Long story short, lets fast forward to the brand new toys (swish!) My jewellery loud, motherfuckers can't stand the noise (turn it down) My chain swing like the hands on Floyd dammit boy! (watch it! watch it!) Motherfuckers wanna shoot my brains out (word!) Tell these niggaz catch me I'm in the coop with my braids out! (nigga!) They said the summer with the roof is kinda played out (so what?) So I told the dealer keep the ceilin' on my way out BALL! It started with some packs Then a couple cars Wake up with my dogs Took over the block And then we Ball! [x7] (Show me the money... Whats up now!) Now we run the city Motherfuck the law Push the latest cars Cos we move alot of raw And so we Ball! [x7] (it's not so funny now.. I can't hear you niggaz now!) [Verse 2] I'm gainin on em, guess who's gettin famous on em (JONES!) private plane'n on em, buy cars no payments on em (No test drive!) I ball with guns, I'm Arenas on em (Bang Bang!) its all for fun, we flood the necklace with saints up on em (pray for us!) tell big them 700's we still waitin on em (be patient) the weatherman we make it snow, we cocainin' on em! (1we takin ...) we make them bitches melt when they see me out (chilly!) with them fly cars you faggot niggaz dream about (get ya money up!) I'm spillin champagne on my dress clothes (so what!) I'mma need a scarf before my chain give me chest colds (CHILLY!) I got these bitches duckin dick like ... (HAHA!) when they see me pull to the spot, we're like ... [Verse 3] We fly to hot spots when New York is chilly So I be driving drop tops when New York is chilly (I'm cold hearted) Silly!, You know u eatin when u can cough a millies [coughs] Willy, the cars at least cost a quarter millie (buy that) You know my lifetsyle, back and forth flights out Spendin money nights out, till the lord say its lights out (pour out some liquor) My .... is callin' .... (uh oh!) and even with the lights all off you can still see the jewelry The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DJ Khaled f/ Birdman, Bun B, Schife, Soulja Boy Album: Victory Song: Rockin' All My Chains On Typed by: AZ Lyrics Work in the kitchen ? money on my phone I might hit the club Rockin' all my chains on All my chains on Rockin' all my chains on I might hit the club Rockin' all my chains on All my chains on Gotem goin crazy like I just came home It's time to hit the club Rockin' all my chains on All my chains on Rockin' all my chains on I might hit the club Rockin' all my chains on [Verse 1] Right Gotem goin crazy like I just came home With this bud be it khaled You know that it's a winner You know I got the yams like a thanksgiving dinner I'm trappin on ham like a thanksgiving dinner And bringin a drummer like I'm mr. thansgiving nigga The game it's switched up In white winter black So gimme ? hook me up the fact though Mo money mo ice I ain't buying no price swear I'm on that one time They lookin' so nice These old ladies saying he look like a low life I'm in the foreign with a foreign makin your wife Got me a piece of a pie Now where's your slice. Work in the kitchen ? money on my phone I might hit the club Rockin' all my chains on All my chains on Rockin' all my chains on I might hit the club Rockin' all my chains on All my chains on Gotem goin crazy like I just came home It's time to hit the club Rockin' all my chains on All my chains on Rockin' all my chains on I might hit the club Rockin' all my chains on Gotem goin crazy like I just came home [Verse 2] Shawty in lights Roll another dice Big money bitch Cash money life Flip another chicken Bought another chicken Cook another chicken Fucked her in the kitchen Pack another meal Hot up in the feel Always strapped Me and khaled in the hill Diamond close to ice Fly poppin flights Uptown solider spit the meal on the watch And as I proceed to make some more G's Represent my city Shoe for bee Uptown G's YMC B's Work in the kitchen ? money on my phone I might hit the club Rockin' all my chains on All my chains on Rockin' all my chains on I might hit the club Rockin' all my chains on All my chains on Gotem goin crazy like I just came home It's time to hit the club Rockin' all my chains on All my chains on Rockin' all my chains on I might hit the club Rockin' all my chains on Gotem goin crazy like I just came home [Verse 3] Soulja Boy Tell em 10 diamond chains on my neck I called DJ Khaled because I know we the best ? can't never cup another check And I'm down in Miami Ridin in the phantom Somewhere by south beach Soulja boy tell em Got a million dollar mouth piece On my dog mutha fucker dead leash Put your lighters in the sky Soulja boy tell em Work in the kitchen ? money on my phone I might hit the club Rockin' all my chains on All my chains on Rockin' all my chains on I might hit the club Rockin' all my chains on All my chains on Gotem goin crazy like I just came home It's time to hit the club Rockin' all my chains on All my chains on Rockin' all my chains on I might hit the club Rockin' all my chains on Gotem goin crazy like I just came home The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DJ Khaled f/ Ace Hood, Bali, BallGreezy, Kevin Cossom,  	Desloc, Gunplay, Ice Berg, Rum, Young Cash Album: Victory Song: On My Way Typed by: AZ Lyrics I'm on my way This goin out to every hood We gonna make it You can look into my eyes See that I'm dead tired 6:00 in the morning Money still on my mind So if you want it I'm the one to supply Be there in no time I'm on my way-ay-ay-ay... ay-ay-ay [x4] Nigga this legendary No ordinary shit No ordinary bitches No ordinary whips 4 bills nigga special like they 30 I cam along way from four steps in section 8 Niggaz eatin on these beats Get yourself a plate And I'm a step away One hit, one breath away When you don't got time, you ain't never late Come so victory is here We can celebrate Ok, I'm on my grizzle On my grind Go ahead try, top my shine I'm on my way, anyday Tell them niggaz better have my cake What you think Nigga you ain't Have me laughin all the way to the bank L O L, A M B, O R at the Gini baby Had the chop the top off that bitch Just so they can see me baby Money I get, know that shit Yeah he paid, notice it Sleepin who, no can do Motivation, ocean view How I get it Bitch U trippin Ain't got nuthin to do with you [Ball Greezy] Victory is on the way Khaled go in on 'em Show 'em we gonna win homey Get off in their skin homey I've been getting in the streets over 10 years So you think a nigga pussy cause his ear's pierced Run up on a nigga pussy if you want to U gotta best be sure that it go through Ball Greezy gettin money like he 'posed to Good dope in the drop like soul food Big Body, big rims on the old school Stay fly like a hood nigga 'posed too Lights off click clack in the pinto Seat back, dick sucked in the Benzo 5% DBs on the Renzo No sleep, gotta eat, gotta get done It's like I always say Muthafuka here I come Another victory for the crib A couple more before I'm done And if you asleep you better wake up And get on your fukin job Cause I'm takin' everything except a loss Iceburg goes off, yeah 24/7 I goes on And I be scared I might miss money So I don't doze off I'm a snap and the streets know it Trick told me keep goin' An I'm a keep Chiefin as long as god keep the weed growin' Switch man been to a? I've been destined to shine Won't take no for an answer Fuk nigga gimme mine Never been selfish for real I put on my whole city I went from standing on corners To autographin' titties My daddy gave my Virginia's King, A Richmond legend A wise speaker, a woman pleaser Broke nigga, reverend Mr O 10, I get it in I wear da crown We da best, tell 'em fuk next I got downs You got da cash, then show me Better not be phoney Get on my level Cause they way below me U ballin? Balogna Girls ask me what my cologne is Steel Khakis and Coronas And I'm mackin' a donkey Flip the 4 and a half Do the vert and a left Bet da ave never seen banks chunky as dat Why you got pressure? Cause my Impala got pressure Beating outside, shaking the dice on my dresser Is that gun play, Yes Sir! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DJ Khaled f/ Jarvis, Pitbull Album: Victory Song: Rep My City Typed by: AZ Lyrics [Pitbull] This for those that chose to sleep on Pits not knowing I had a plan for every letter in the alphabitch my lifes been diarrea boy I've been through some shit turned it all around and now my bank account likes oh shit could have took the coke route, heroin boy dope route chevy gets dressed up, choppa's get chocked out AK Quatro Siete dale mete machete Perico's been a part of my life since I was chupando tete I went from buildings with dope holes and boys with gold fronts to fucking dope hoes and houses with beach fronts I hit a lick yeah muthfucker my life changed but chico won't change, I'm forever Dade invest in my future so I'm forever paid I don't play games fuck boy I ain't EA go ahead and hate me til I'm dead in the ground I'm D-A-D-E Dade county [Jarvis - Chorus] I'm all in and I rep my city till I die as long as I'm thinking and breathing I'm gon ride on the east to the west side kept it 100 so I'm good for life give a damn what a hater gotta say make it this far Imma do it my way Imma do it my way, do it my way give a damn what a hater gotta say I rep my city, rep my city rep my city, rep my city rep yo city, rep yo city rep yo city, rep yo city [Pitbull] Miami's red cross when they need me I'm there I'm from the era when there was gang wars at the Youth Fair I'm ten years ahead of the game, I know it ain't fair used to go to Santa's Enchanted just to pull on Santa's beard sat on Santa's lap and showed him some crack and told him for Christmas all I want is coke that comes back something about a 75k a show, next year it will be 300 per show yeah fo sho Pits always had it on lock I'm from the bottom bitch ya'll can keep a fucking top my dog {?} bout to jump out {?} look at the way that Chico been running the crib from rocking stages with uncle Al Virginia key to rocking sold out crowds at MSG and I ain't from New York I'm a Dade county representer dat right fo sho lets ride The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DJ Khaled f/ Akon, Mavado, Shyne Album: Victory Song: All My Life Typed by: dusan_fresh@hotmail.com Intro:[DJ Khaled] {Mavado} {Khaled We The Best} They wanna live my life (Yeah){Yeahh} They wanna walk in my shoes(DJ Khaled){Khaleeed} They have no idea Hook:[Akon] All my life I've always been told you gotta be prepared 'cause the world is so cold It's lonely at the top 'cause the bottom gets old Never listen to 'em just go for what you know, yea All my life they told me stop tryin I never been the one to not go and get mine I never been the one to not put it on the line and i'ma be this way all my life, yea All my life... (DJ Khaled: I take you to the gully streets with the gully god... Mavado get 'em) Verse 1: [Mavado] These streets is like a jungle and we're like the lion Many of times me haffi strap wit me iron Never scared, never fret Gangsta for life til my last breath Momma even if dem kill me don't cry I'm a gangsta for life, I was prepared to die I'ma die rich, never die poor Mansions in the sky, no more sleeping on the floor Hook: [Akon] All my life I've always been told you gotta be prepared 'cause the world is so cold It's lonely at the top 'cause the bottom gets old Never listen to 'em just go for what you know (yeah) All my life they told me stop tryin I never been the one to not go and get mine I never been the one to not put it on the line and I'ma be this way all my life (yeah) All my life... (DJ Khaled: From the streets of New York where the streets don't sleep... Shyne get 'em) Verse 2: [Shyne] All my life I been rollin with the B's and the C's, 13's and the kings they greens in the pen steady duckin the police, aint a friend til they take me to hang and they fill me with lead Like Fred Hampton for the people I bang til it come to an end I be bleeding in red I live the story that you read in the Feds Daddy wasnt there but my momma was a gen but I ain't trippin though thats how I kill a foe We gon get it straight so tell me what it's hittin for and if you didn't know I really live the low I got the O's and the Yo screamin really though Hook: [Akon] All my life I've always been told you gotta be prepared 'cause the world is so cold It's lonely at the top 'cause the bottom gets old Never listen to 'em just go for what you know (yeah) All my life they told me stop tryin I never been the one to not go and get mine I never been the one to not put it on the line and I'ma be this way (DJ Khaled: All my life... Shyne get 'em) Verse 3: [Shyne] All my life I've been sufferin steady strugglin I run the streets where they screen for the government Harry Cumberland coming from the cold Got it like I'm Sutherland, but this aint 24 This a ode for the O's and the Loc's Partna's and the cookers doin life on the road Long as you know you a part of Po Flesh of my flesh, bone of my bone I spit the gully rap, I spend the bloody cash I'm the shotta word to papa, where the money at? I'm from the gully jack, where we bury rats Ain't nothin funny, put a bullet in ya skully cap Hook: [Akon] All my life I've always been told you gotta be prepared 'cause the world is so cold It's lonely at the top 'cause the bottom gets old Never listen to 'em just go for what you know (yeah) All my life they told me stop tryin I never been the one to not go and get mine I never been the one to not put it on the line and I'ma be this way all my life (yeah) All my life... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DJ Khaled f/ Drake, Lil Wayne, Rick Ross Album: We the Best Forever Song: I'm On One Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com [Intro: Drake] (Rick Ross) {DJ Khaled} (I get 'em onnnn) I'm on one (I get 'em onnnn) Fuck it, I'm on one (I get 'em onnnn) I said I'm on one {DJ KHALED!} [Drake] Uhh.... {*sings*} I'm gettin so throoowed I ain't work this hard since I was eighteen Apologize if I saaaay -- anything I don’Äôt mean Like what's up with yo' best friend? We could all have some fuuun, believe me And what's up with these new niggas? And why they think it all coooomes so easy? {*raps*} But get it while you here, boy 'cause all that hype don't feel the same next year, boy Yeah, and I'll be right here in my spot  wit a lil' more cash than I already got, trippin off you cause you had your shot With my skin tanned and my hair long and my fans who been so patient  Me and 40 back to work, but we still smell like a vacation Hate the rumors, hate the bullshit, hate these fuckin allegations  I'm just feelin like the throne is for the takin -- watch me take it [Chorus: Drake] All I care about is money and the city that I'm from I'ma sip until I feel it, I'ma smoke it 'til it's done I don't really give a fuck and my excuse is that I'm young And I'm only gettin older, somebody shoulda told ya I'm on one...  Yeah, fuck it, I'm on one... Yeah, I said, "I'm on one"... Fuck it, I'm on one... Two white cups and I got that drank  Could be purple, it could be pink Dependin on how you mix that shit Money that we got, and I'ma get that shit 'Cause I'm on one... I said, "Fuck it, I'm on one" [Rick Ross] RUH~! I’Äôm burnin purple flowers, it's burnin my chest (RUH!)  I bury the most cash and burnin the rest (Stuntin)  Walkin on the clouds, suspended in thin air (Yeah)  The ones beneath me recognise the red bottoms I wear (Chyeah)  Burner in the belt, move the kids to the hills (BOSS) Bend shawty on the sink, do it for the thrill (WHOO!) Kiss you on ya neck and tell you everything is great (Ross) Even though I'm out on bond and might be facin 8s' Still runnin with the same niggaz 'til the death of me Ever seen a million cash, gotta count it carefully (Haha!) Ever made love to the woman of your dreams (WHOO!) in a room full of money (WHOO!) out in London and she screams (WHOOOO!) UH! Baby, I could take it there Call Marc Jacobs personally to make a pair So yeah, we on one, the feeling ain't fair (Khaled) And it's double M-G until I get the chair - chyeah! Ruh! [Lil Wayne] {*lights lighter, inhales smoke*} I walk around the club -- fuck ev'rybody and all my niggaz got that +Heat+, I feel like Pat Riley Yeah, too much money ain't enough money You know the feds listenin, nigga what money? I'm a made/maid nigga, I should dust something You niggaz on the bench, like the bus comin Heh, aint nothing +Sweet+ but the +Swishas+ I'm focused, might as well say cheese for the pictures Ohhh~! I’Äôm about to go, Andre the Giant You a sell-out, but I ain't buyin Chopper dissect a nigga like science Put an end to your world like the Mayans This a celebration bitches -- Mazel Tov It's a slim chance I fall -- Olive Oyl Tunechi be the name, don't ask me how I got it I'm killin these hoes I swear I'm tryna stop the violence [Lil Wayne overlaps during chorus] Young Moula, baby! YMCMB Uh-huh! Haha! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DJ Khaled f/ Lil Wayne, Plies, Rick Ross, T-Pain Album: We the Best Forever Song: Welcome to My Hood Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com [DJ Khaled] DJ Khaled! Cash Money, Young Money, We the Best [Lil Wayne] Khaled, I got you! [T-Pain] Welcome to my hooooood, hee-eee [DJ Khaled] (Lil Wayne) {Rick Ross} Where the hood at? {Huh}  Where the hood at? (YMCMB) {ROSAY~!} [Chorus: T-Pain] Welcome to my hooooood - Everybody know everybody And if I got it, everybody got it, uh! Welcome to my hooooood - Look at all them old school Chevys' 24's so you know we roll heavy, uh! Welcome to my hooo-ooooo-oood - They outside playin hopscotch and everybody know this is the hot spot Welcome to my hooooood - Dem boys'll put you down on your knees WHOOP! WHOOP! That's the +Sound of Da Police+ in my hood! [Rick Ross] (ROSAY~!) Audemar on my wrist, diamonds look like they glowin Fifty stacks all singles, I make it look like it's snowin Black unmarked cars, gotta peep how they playin Treat 'em like jack boys, catch 'em slippin then slay 'em Lord forgive me for my siiiiins, that’s my confession  If that put me in this Beeeenz, I got possession  of a federal offeeeence, I'm talkin pressure  in my criminal inteeeent (huh), so wear ya vests-es  And I'm still gon' stunt, like it ain't no tomorrow  Fuck ya house note, nigga, blow that bitch on a bottle The Ferrari just a front, got the Lambo in the back (ROSAY~!) Tell you +we the Best Forever+, DJ Khaled handle that, huh! [Plies] Takeoff, T-takeoff.. I know some niggaz from my hood that woulda ROBBED Noriega! I'm talkin Noriega, nigga, the +REAL+ Noriega! If you ain't from the hood, bitch, then stop impersonatin us And tell Congress when you see 'em, "Bitch, I'm stealin cable!" And leave the d-boys alone 'cause they motivate us And why's the half of my whole hood on papers? Some o'em on house arrest ('rest), some o'em on child supp'ot (p'ot) Some o'em did they bid, the other half waitin to go to court Mr. Landlord we gon' BUST yo' ass with an eviction note Better have the police witchu, dawg, if you came to repo I’m talkin strip clubs, I’m talkin liquor stores We throw our money 'round here, but y’all can call us po' [Lil Wayne] I'm goin in.. Uh, bitch I'm on probation.. so my nerves bad And they say time flies, well mine's first class I landed in the sky, I fell from the streets I talk a lot of shit, and practice what I preach BACK from hell, cell 23  Tell the warden kiss my ass, pockets on Mo'Nique Bitch, I'm from the murder capital, hoe I'm far from practical Shit happens and since I'm the shit, I'm who it happen to Young Money, Cash Money, Blood, bitch, I'm +red+ hot I don't see nobody, see nobody/no body like a head shot All that bullshit is for the birds, throw some bread out Got it sewed up, check the thread count [Chorus 2: T-Pain] (Lil Wayne) Welcome to my hooooood - Everybody know everybody (Uh!) And if I got it, everybody got it, uh! (Young Mula, bayyy-bay) Welcome to my hooooood - Look at all them old school Chevys' 24's so you know we roll heavy, uh! (YMCMB) Welcome to my hooo-ooooo-oood - They outside playin hopscotch (Khaled, I GOTchu!) and everybody know this is the hot spot Welcome to my hooooood - Dem boys'll put you down on your knees WHOOP! WHOOP! (...I say fuck the) police in my hood! (Ha ha!) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DJ Khaled f/ Ludacris, Young Jeezy Album: We the Best Forever Song: Money Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [DJ Khaled] If you ain't talkin money, we ain't talkin This is DJ Khaled Lex Luger {*echoes*} [Young Jeezy] I cain't even walk, my pockets too heavy Got that 40 on me now, them choppers too heavy Told 'em you gotta fall back I can't sneak you in the club He said "I'm in the car, you need me my nigga nothin but love" Last blunt, say it wet, so much smoke I can't see ya Ain't over here, look I wouldn't wanna be ya Talkin so many bitches, we got bitches on bitches Way she movin that ass I think the bitch got switches Pull up to this bitch Escalade full of killers The only thing realer Escalade full of scrilla Louis V to the back, half a rack for the snapback Wiz Khalifa's on the coupe I'm talking "Black and Yellow" flapjacks [Chorus: Young Jeezy] When I talk I be talkin 'bout money So please don't talk to me if you ain't talkin 'bout money Weed, coke, ecstasy, nah we talkin 'bout money Don't know what went wrong with me, cause I be talkin 'bout money We talkin 'bout money Let the money talk (money) {*8X*} [Ludacris] Hahahahaha, LUDA~!! I'm talkin 'bout money you never seen, hoe The Incredible Hulk, so much paper I'm turnin green hoe Green giant, I want it, I buy it Y'all just ballers on a budget FUCK your money's on a diet And I'm laughing you such a riot, David verse your Goliath Let my money talk for me - hear 'em? Be quiet Hamilton said "What's happenin?" Jackson said "What it do?" Grant chucked up a deuce my Benjamin said FUCK YOU!!!! Ahhhhh, it cost money to fund a war nigga AHH'll have you layin right on the floor nigga and take you higher, I'm a lover not a fighter But if a rapper's gettin gassed then I'm the first with a lighter [DJ Khaled] Mo' money, mo' problems So bring the problems - I love it! This We the Best Music Group, Y.M.C.M.B. Bitch I don't see you!! Bitch get your money right bitch! Hustle hard I'm f'eal about this shit Get money! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DJ Khaled f/ Ace Hood, Waka Flocka FLame Album: We the Best Forever Song: I'm Thuggin' Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [DJ Khaled] Yeah DJ Khaled Mean Mug Music Waka Flocka, Ace Hood This gon' fuck the streets up This gon' fuck the clubs up Police kicked my do' in shorty last night I'll be damned if I don't go out with a fight My girlfriend says she needs some new shoes and a bag I told her shut the fuck up and get off yo' ass I'm thuggin {*4X*} Middle fingers to the cops and the judge Raised by the old niggaz, just mean mug I'm thuggin {*4X*} Middle fingers to the cops and the judge Raised by the old niggaz, just mean mug [Verse One] God bless a nigga so bitch I'm out'chea Wear the wrong color and you can't come around here So get your mind right, and keep your pistol close Hoppin out that ride run into your place just like a Seminole All my niggaz they thuggin, my lil' cousin got his chopper chrome Any nigga want problems, take your top off like the Metrodome It'll make a loud noise, sound like it's world war Never break a sweat, that's what them killers for I get money hoe, on some real shit Deck of hundreds on me that's just what I deal with Waka throwed out, and we the business See me 'ock the hammer bet your niggaz peel quick Momma pray for me, commit a lot of sins And it don't make it better consumin a lot of gin Blood, sweat and tears - I pour my soul out Smell the flowers bitch I might just pull a rose out [Verse Two] Uhh, a young nigga fuckin buckin with his treads loose Middle finger all the fans cause I said to Now where my G's at? Now where them dope boys? Now where my niggaz who be thuggin on the corner for? Hands in the air, throw your hood up Hoppin out that seven trey, them 6's when I pull up Now where my bad bitches, who keep their ass fat? I love a bitch ain't scared to throw that ass back And I keep them real niggaz, homey that's a fact You a superduck, I'm talkin AFLAC Ny nigga stormed out, thorped out Stupid treads in them soles with them sore mouth Club stupid packed, it's a mad house Catch you slippin by yourself, and then you assed out And homie that's word, my niggaz gon' lurk See that red in blue I'm runnin out my Converse The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DJ Khaled w/ Fabolous, Jadakiss, Mary J. Blige Album: We The Best Forever Song: It Ain't Over Til It's Over Typed by: ben.clemmons@gmail.com [Fabolous] I said we the best at making this green I swear Mountain Dew ain't got nothing on my team F is for the family that's holding it down I think niggas know who run this town A is for the action I'm all about Blow a nigga head off kill all the doubt B is for the big boys with the grown money And bad bitches who ain't gotta spend they own money Shots of 'tron at like 4 in the morn' It ain't over til it's over, Loso I'm gone [Mary J. Blige] Lights stay on they don't fade Pay my last call don't hold your breath Everything makes something out of nothing Move a mountain and still keep running Never come down, make no mistake They can say, ay That my end is on the horizon When I wake, ay All I see is the sun rising Just when you thought I said all there was to say I get the last word It ain't over til it's over Just when you thought I did all there was to do I give my best to you It ain't over til it's over It ain't over til it's over It ain't over til it's over [Jadakiss] I smoke weed you sip on lean People always saying what the hell does that mean J is for the justice I did to the game Lot of these niggas that's on is lame A is for the way I airs em out Coupes by the two's I pairs em out D's for the dope that a niggas still pumping 12 hours shifts got the spot still jumping Rocking on til the block is gone 38 a snub nose but the chopper's long [Mary J. Blige] And everything takes time so they say When it's been on my side everyday Every second gone is another way to come up In the poor and then to crash into the jackpot Twists and turn I can take The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DJ Khaled f/ Chris Brown, Keyshia Cole, Ne-Yo Album: We the Best Forever Song: Legendary Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Keyshia Cole] You know, I've seen some things... It's important to stay strong Wassup DJ Khaled? It's your girl K.C.! If not they, then who? Can carry on the weight of this world? If not they, then who? Will make sure all the people know how it feels To be legendary! [Chris Brown] Baby don't cry no more Cause I'm here to show you the way I know you got some fight in you So don't make losing so easy [Chorus 1: Keyshia Cole] Everybody's gonna fight And everybody's gonna fall But the ones that get up Are always the strongest Oh I can't imagine if I Never went through nothing I wouldn't be a fighter And I wouldn't last the longest [Chorus 2] If not they, then who? Can carry on the weight of this world? If not they, then who? Will make sure all the people know how it feels To be legendary! [Chris Brown] Legends are born and created Nothing's free, so I take it It takes the determination! (We goin' in) The nation! [Chorus 1] + [Chorus 2] [Ne-Yo] I promise I'm a do it better than Anybody's ever seen. That I will be everything that everybody told me I would never be Got my feet on the ground, the wind at my back My head to the sky (Won't stop now!) No, not ever You can see in my eyes I will be legendary [Chorus 2] [DJ Khaled] I remember when they told me no! I looked them right in their eyes and I told 'em yes! Don't let nobody stop your dreams! Keep winning! Rise to the top! Keep your head up! Young world! The world is yours! We the best! Y.M.C.M.B. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DJ Khaled f/ Busta Rhymes, Cee-Lo, The Game Album: We the Best Forever Song: Sleep When I'm Gone Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [DJ Khaled] About to change the game DJ KHALED! WE THE BEST FOREVER Cash Money, Young Money I'm for real about this shit Let's go [Chorus: Cee-Lo] I'm countin my time, cause my time is my money The sun goes down but I won't stop for nothing Why close my eyes? I'd rather sleep when I'm gone Sleep when I'm gone, sleep when I'm gone (one) I'm lookin at the clock like yay yay Naps to my treasure, yay ay (time's on the side, so-whoa) Why close my eyes? I'd rather sleep when I'm gone Sleep when I'm gone, sleep when I'm gone [The Game] They say sleep is the cousin of death, guess we related Cause I'm the most slept on, and the most hated Hated, hated by niggaz with no hustle Starin at me in the club like I won't bust you in the face with the spades, life is a card game And I'm playin spades, gamblin with y'all change Fuckin +Basketball Wives+ while you at away games Really fuckin +Basketball Wives+ ain't gotta say names Whole body tattered like a New York City freight train Niggaz get to barkin, put a bullet in the great dane Try me, end up like why me? Team full of animals, like I coach the +Heat+ Four floor mansion, close to the beach Six car garage, that's how I'm supposed to eat In Miami, rolling up kush on boat decks Flaggin down the waitress, wavin my Rolex [Busta Rhymes] Yo; I done survived the test of time doin this shit so long And only rest to rise again homey, I sleep when I'm gone - look! A legend while I'm prime and so current and they hate this The streets'll classify me as another level of greatness I don't fight for crowns at all, I let whack niggaz bitch and let 'em flip while they debate on who the king of this shit - listen! See I don't waste time debatin over those things Because I'm God motherfucker, God create kings - watch it I'm hearin that a lot of niggaz mad through the grapevine The piano soundin beautiful and sad at the same time The feeling at a funeral, so study you niggaz Khaled provide the theme music while I bury you niggaz! See now there's no escaping the God, you better find a get away 'fore I start wiling like Haitians and Jamaicans when it's Labor Day Khaled, every time you know we gotta make 'em love it And realize that everything is hotter when we touch it {*echoes*} [The Game] Aiyyo Khaled, let this shit breeze... It's poor lil' rich nigga, that's me Smoke comin out the sun roof, blowin on hashish Can't stop now, cause I'm in too deep One point five wide every two weeks Niggaz wanna kill me, let the shells fall out Life is short the place my kids gon' ball out They kids gon' ball out, 20 years from now, pullin cars out You gon' think cocaine gettin hauled out Ass gettin shipped in, crystal meth gettin dipped in All cause you let a nigga slip in Aftermath, oh-five, G-Unit, oh-six Everything else is gymnastics, watch the dough flip Sittin on the couch, smokin up memories Pourin Jack Daniels, toast to my enemies Fuck beef, nigga I ain't got the energy Take the last shot to the dome, John Kennedy The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DJ Khaled f/ Birdman, T-Pain Album: We the Best Forever Song: Can't Stop Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Birdman] Shinin, grindin on the shine, flippin all the time When we hustlin, Young Money gunnin Cash Money flippin, shit them everytime When we grindin cause we gettin, flippin the change range and doin different thangs, hittin the same lanes But flippin didn't change Yeah; hi-higher then we ever been More money, now more money cause we ballin in [Chorus: T-Pain] You know I can't stop, I won't stop I feel like everybody's tryin to kill me So I don't stop, 'til I'm on top And God keeps tellin me I will be If you with me then salute, you know what to do You know what to do, put your hands up in the air You can make it through All you gotta do is put your hands up in the air [Birdman] Shinin bright lights, hotter then them other lights The red light flash mash on the same night More money, now we brighter then we even been Hundred thousand poppin bottles, bitch we goin in Crystal lights, blowin on that Cali 'dro Turkey bag, hundred thou' on the marble floor Rainbow, red bone with the triple color Hurricane, make it rain bitch, every summer [Birdman] Yeah it's on deck, straps on deck Sticks on deck, Stunna Island, private jets P-put the house on 'ginia nigga we place the bet From hundred G's to flippin hundred, bitch we hit the lick High on the hill, the view above the falls Smashin in the field, a hundred boss hogs You know how we do it, bossin up brand new Uptown survivor, money ready shoot The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DJ Khaled f/ Ace Hood, Big Sean, Meek Mill, Vado, Wale Album: We the Best Forever Song: Future Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro: DJ Khaled] I am the streets, the future I introduce you to Ace Hood, Meek Mills, Big Sean, Wale, Vado Dis the future! Dey gettin money, they makin hit records Dey hustlin [Ace Hood] Okay now Khaled told me kill 'em, he just told me kill 'em 100 for the Beamer, kudos to the dealer Murder, bet I wrote it, kudos to the killer Chevy sittin crooked, keep a Reggie Miller I'm a muh'fuckin beast, see me in your sleep Nightmare on any street, swear I will work any beat Spread this to the industry, lyrics like a chopper piece Flow right through your fitted T, bullets built with chemistry Hottest nigga 'round, they sayin greatness is my tendency No such thing as sympathy, more money, my remedy Pockets on, heavy D, bitch I'm hot, 3rd degree Whip I drive? Owned by me Wrists in the air, anti-freeze Can it be? I'm who you dyin to be Last of a dyin breed talkin Siamese Twin pistol shoot a nigga like a 70 Big dog in it you still on your pedigree Yeah~! Fly nigga with some stupid swag Dead faces keep my money in the bodybag And the G-U-T-T-A, hop in the whip and I gotta get paid Fuck them bitches, ain't tryin to get laid Walk in my house you can meet my maid And you give a damn you can push that 'llac Push that Benz on, push that 'lade Hop to the whip, no top on mine Niggaz gonna hate, man fuck them guys Real nigga shit, don't tell no lie I been paying my secret client Top ten charts what I resign None of you hoes about to sign [Meek Mill] +We+ the motherfucking +Best+, word to my momma Wild presidential, got me feeling like Obama Cause ll I want is change, and my niggaz they wanted the same I wanted the money and never the fame I turned into somethin they never became Through all the rain, I kept my flame And I kept burnin and it's my turn and Real nigga my hood confirm it Now it's six 2's on closed curtains And that Maybach, let me take 'em way back When I was starvin that was payback Nigga where that cake at? Murder all your artists And I, I, I, I can feel that love, I can feel that hate When I got that drugs bet you feel so safe I put it to your mug, and it ain't gon' rape From the little oh-eight, where that thing gon' fly Got a little kick, but it ain't no tire Niggaz talk murder, but they ain't gon' ride Now they go hard like I ain't gonna die - Meek Mill! [Big Sean] Do it! Okay; smoke until I got no lungs Got her goin down, no teeth I call it "speaking tongues" - do it! Do it! Now you speaking my language when they twist and talk with they fingers Man but this ain't no sign language Just, fresh out of the ashes It's a Detroit fuckin classic From where Eminem got them masses Trick-Trick got them passes Bitch I'm from that Motor, Motor Yeah that Motor be the fastest Why they call it Motor City Cause I'm most likely to crash Fuck it! Good thing I got a chauffeur... Goin broke? No sir! Bitch I'm the rap game stylist Cause I gave the rap game style bitch But I overshine Ain't no niggaz overshine, told 'em it's five quarters So I guess we goin overtime So we dumb high, dumb high Westside, bitch I run mine I'm rolling around in my old school I feel like the alumni fuckin hoes, no strings attached So don't ask me why they strung out I'm like Jordan to you niggaz I might need to stick my tongue out she wiggled and wobble/bobbled Then landed on my throttle bitch I might make you my baby And even buy you a bottle; yo niggaz don't ask how they talk to you When you get 'em like Versace my pockets got paper on paper This shit just look like a novel, wodie 100 thousand worth of ice on me now But it don't feel half as good as grandma sayin she proud [Wale] Forever dedicated, make my poetic genius something they close to seein and tell 'em they close to Stevie You poser niggaz ain't 'posed to be here, we don't believe ya Double M-G 'em, we put a wreath on niggaz careers We the Best Khaled, no need to stress Khaled Know there's a lot of artists, but I got the best palette Multiple colors, my mind is more productive than others Murray the winner, you think he really Nelson Mandela That's fire though ,one time for the 305, though That hydro make me tired, yo, my kickin be so Tai Bo My balance be so tight rope; that's hard to find, with drank low Can't fuck with me, that nice flow, hold the dough for me, I'm maestro Sheeeit, that white whip shit, like a slide wrist slit Suicide shit, you can buy this shit if you write this shit Nigga and right this minute, they say I'm buzzin hard My driver's out of this world, you playin bumper cars You niggaz under cause, you should be unemployed All you smoke is Reggie and tell 'em makin a bunch of noise Who gonna tell me that I ain't goin that I ain't floorin Young Velour'n; you see them 'puters that was my influence [Vado] The towers fell, turnin to Ground Zero Kickin like Reggie Jackson, Nicki Barnes, they hero As I play Rothstein, Corleone like Bob DeNiro Been through it here though, don't move with the weirdos Dress pimpin the toast like West Lynn Your house is on West and 4th, mine is on West 6th While we in the Maserati brickin his best friends When I die tell 'em to turn my coffin to stretch Benz Rims on it, problems my man's on it See 'em we stomp him out with his mouth my Timbs on it Only smokin an ounce, no mountain, no tints on it Spins on it, you have no clout, the Benz on it What the fiends say? Few roaches you need sprayed On tour eat straight, makin sure where your feet stay Get a pistol, peel through SRT-8 Chop both seats gray, drop top like release dates Vado~! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DJ Khaled f/ Akon, B.o.B Album: We the Best Forever Song: My Life Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro: DJ Khaled & Akon] DJ Khaled Konvict music Cash Money Young Money Let's go [Bridge: Akon] You already know the score, been down this road before Gotta hold your breath gotta take it now If you want a taste of my life Nothing good comes easy Gotta go hard believe me Gotta risk it all Gotta roll the dice If you want a taste of my life [Chorus: Akon & B.o.B] My life my life My life my life My life my life My life my life My life my life My life my life If you want a taste of my life [B.o.B] Yeah they wanna taste that rapper life But the road to fame usually spoils the appetite We live the type of dreams you wish for in the afterlife But all that they can see is velvet ropes and flashing lights Not everything is lavish life but in the mirror all I see is all the nights I had to fight It's so ironic all I had to sacrifice but now I got the money I get everything for half the price, damn [Akon] You know Khaled everybody wants the good life Nobody really wanna pay the price No pain no gain na na na na This might take a little longer No pain no gain na na na na It'll only make you stronger [Bridge] [Chorus: Akon] My life my life My life my life My life my life If you want a taste of my life [Akon] They all wanna make it up to the top Khaled they don't wanna give up everything they got No pain no gain na na na na This might take a little longer No pain no gain na na na na It'll only take you stronger [Bridge [Outro: Akon] My life my life My life my life My life my life If you want a taste of my life My life my life My life my life My life my life If you want a taste of my life The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DJ Khaled f/ Cory Gunz, Jae Millz, Mack Maine, Kevin Rudolf, Tyga Album: We the Best Forever Song: A Million Lights Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro/Chorus: Kevin Rudolf] A million lights and a kick drum, the floor is movin slow I've got a feelin 'bout this one, and we stil young, you know I'm breathin fire in your club It's not my fault if your heart's grown cold {*2X*} [Tyga] New Hermes duffle bags On the plane, see the sky through a little glass 20 hour flight, never jet-lagged Sipping white wine, watching the sunset Real love this close? I ain't never had Sitting with you all day til the night pass Damn, I ain't trying to fight that But if we fall too fast, will the feeling last? Now I'm lookin over my shoulder, shoulder Champagne, good dimes and good times, and now it's all over But can't blame me for all that You was bright, now your heart all black Try to outshine the good with the bad You a cold motherfucker, I ain't mad at you Still shinin [Mack Maine] You gettin old and your heart turn cold Time-line froze, mad at the world cause you lived your life, but this the life that we chose Lights on the road for the nicest road I mean long-ass flights for these hoes But we don't crap out when the dice is rolled I mean no life, low life Say my name and hopes to get more life, nigga live yo life Ass nigga, you cook it with no spice Lil B sacrifice, show me what your ho like Hit her with that dope dick, now she's a dope fiend And king, I'm lookin for a dope queen Uh, first thing baby: I'm ready to rock Baby car goes high, man smash Me does, Millz, Tyga, we give 'em the chills (Millz-y) Keep riders, get birth control pills [Jae Millz] Uh, young money, bright lights Lord knows I live for these nights You're damn right, I'mma sip champagne 'til it burn my side To the front, like Jeter My diamonds ain't fierce like an episode of cheetahs, jesus Mouth jewelry, loud speakers Blowin loud weed with some loud divas [Cory Gunz] Uh, it's that summertime, money time Gonna rhyme good time, when I'm done giving mine Brown smoke, white engine out the silly lines Pretty toes hangin out the window to the finish line Spikes pokin out my kicks like a porcupine Young Money, Cash Money, We The Best, fall in line Uptown dog, straight up from the south Bronx How in Miami, Khaled outcome You made us, they hate us, just to say the latest Life nothin like a movie, I just date a [?] Remember it was hard trying to page wagers Nice spittin hard rhymes on the main stages Independent, yeah I told 'em major later We some independent niggaz gettin major paper Shout to 'em, Stunna, Slim, Mack We play for keep, so how we gon give up that? Y.M.C.M.B., lights, camera, action! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DJ Khaled f/ Ace Hood, Birdman, Bun B, Busta Rhymes, Fat Joe, Jadakiss    Ludacris, Mavado, The Game, T-Pain, Twista, Waka Flocka Flame  Album: We the Best Forever Song: Welcome to My Hood (Remix) Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com, Gemini_20502K@Yahoo.com, Nickolye16@aol.com [Intro: DJ Khaled] (T-Pain) I'm f'real about this shit! This the remix! (Welcome to my hooooood, hee-eee) Let's go! Where the hood at? - Remix! Where the hood at? - Remix! Where the hood at? - Remix! [Chorus: T-Pain] (DJ Khaled) Welcome to my hooooood - Everybody know everybody And if I got it, everybody got it, uh! Welcome to my hooooood - Look at all these old school Chevys' 24's so you know we roll heavy, uh! (Y-M-C-M-B!) Welcome to my hooo-ooooo-oood - Where they gettin fly +Like a G6+ and everybody know this is the remix Welcome to my hooooood - Dem boys'll put you down on your knees (Miami Dade County, 305) WHOOP! WHOOP! That's the +Sound of Da Police+ in my hood! (We the Best Music!) [Verse One: Ludacris] Stop playin wit 'em! LUDA! Everybody on the corner with the works slangin and bangin in front of that liquor sto' Blowin money cause I live life fast, so this bottle full of 'gnac I'ma sip it slow Singles double when triple beams take over Now holla cause these Impalas got extreme makeovers (WOO!) Couches covered in plastic, babies all in the street, now Wear the wrong color catch a Rodney King, beatdown! Kids hit with switches, mommas is quotin scriptures While Luda's gettin head, mo' gums than baby pictures (WOO!) Cock my 40-Glock and my partner just bought a replica Now Asians sayin they don't keep no cash in they register (hurry up and buy!) We run from red and blue LIGHTS to get the green But whoever got that WHITE, is "winnin" like Charlie Sheen! [Verse Two: T-Pain] HEY! Teddy Pain! (Teddy Pain!) Bad man! (Bad man!) Mix shots - BOOM BOOM BOOM BOOM BOOM bang! Man +We the Best+ nevertheless, you know we get it hot! FIRE flame flame FIRE FIRE flame! Put me on the track and I'ma really let a muh'fucker feel it when I do it how I do it what I do If a nigga really wanna test (come and test) you can bet that I'ma eat him all day - FUCK FOOD! 8-5-0 what I represent (sent) Talla-home Florida president Me and DJ Khaled got these haters lookin hesitant (yeah) So keep all of that wackness out my EAR (BYOO, BYOO) That's the sound of yo' CAREER in my hooooood.. [Verse Three: Busta Rhymes] {*Bell Rings*} I hope you niggas got your ringside seats!!! 'Cause it's whoop ass season (COMIN TO A HOOD NEAR YOU!!!) Everybody know what happen when you see me comin (BACK UP!!!!!!) I be hurdlin then got you regurgitatin and murderin everything (GUNSHOT) (BAP BAP BAP BAP BAP BAP BAP BAP!!!!!) (Y'ALL KNOW WHAT IT IS!!!) I'm comin to get it in Enough of the block and I'm runnin the hood and nothin can top it You could Google it or you could search on how a nigga come and Lock up impossible for you to stop it!!!! (MORE FIRE DUN DI PLACE!!!!) Blackout and heat di bed yuh know a ease di dread I probably need di medical situation because the way I'm fuckin everything I tell di people dem!!! Why you try to do when you already know I'm the king with it And you don't wanna come behind me with it bro I KILLED THIS SHIT!!! I AIN'T GOTTA RHYME NO MO'!!!! [Verse Four: Twista] (T-Pain) (*Twista Adlibs) (**Mavado) (WELCOME TO MY HOOD!!!!) Welcome to my hood where board members of faculty Backin me if you ever try and tackle me That could be when I eat 'em especially when I beat 'em When you see a bunch of killers and hustlers on the side of me I'm an anomaly to 'em, put 'em on crutches for suckin their verses Such as the one that's kickin a ruckus Much as I smoke a dutchess and model bitches that cut us And motherfuckers and lovers and enemies wanna touch us I'ma spit a flow as if it was a sin (*WHAT!) Then the gangstas are best with me forever see I find a fo' put in on a pen (**Ayyyyyyy!!!) Then you know to never test with me it'll be a +Category F5+ (**ANYWAAAAAYYYYYYYYY!!!!) Let 'em in the military with automatic weapons so let's ride Love to the hunters and everybody that runnin them north and the whole city comin from the Westside!!! (**WHAPPEN TO DEM!!!!) [Verse Five: Mavado] (T-Pain) Come to di Gully weh we nuh tek baddup Big spliff inna mi hand and Hennessy inna mi cup Yuh see di gal weh we have up it's like some angels a duck Dem phat and grab up! Yah hear mi!!! Ha Ha!!! When yuh pass di gate, greet mi at di entrance Violate, straight death sentence Yuh live yuh must be great to be a snake nuh repentance We comin at yuh wid vengeance (WELCOME TO MY HOOD!!!!) [Verse Six: DJ Khaled] Never slippin, I'm ballin, Puff keep on callin I don't see none of you pussies (I ain't tryna hear that shit!) Fuck that shit groupie talkin Rep Miami the ghetto (Dade County), every hood and the projects And when I drop off my singles, I'm droppin one of my targets Lord forgive me for my siiiiins I gave you hits, I gave you "All I Do is Wiiiin" (I won't stop) I live this shit and We the Best it's no preteeeend I'm touchin millions, throwin hundreds in this biiiiiiitch! [Verse Seven: Birdman] Yeah, Uptown Swagged out, let's get it (Ah-AH! Ah-AH!) R-Real nigga #1, hustle fly with my son I come from Uptown, G5 Tommy Gun Red flag everyday, hundred mil' ready to spray Swagged out nigga, Bugatti with the paper plate B-B-Blowin on some good, nigga (on some good, nigga) feelin good, nigga (feelin good, nigga) Stunna Island, me and Khaled on the WOOD, nigga (on the wood, nigga) You understand? Shinin like I know we should Birdman YMCMB, we good nigga! [Verse Eight: Ace Hood] (Brownwaaaay!) A-A-Ace Hood in this bitch hoe, kickin down in yo' front door Knock knock, you hear the Glock cock and that thing pop on that fo-fo' (BR-R-R-RAT!) Posted on in that same block, I'm in the drop top with that bank roll Y-Young nigga, I'm out chea, cain't name a place that I cain't go Ridin 'round with 'bout 50 grand and they wonder what do that safe hold Middle fanger them feds and that's what I pledge a part of my G-code Man, FUCK them prosecutors, hustla connoisseur 'Cause +We the Best Forever+, make sure you spread the rumor bitch~! [Verse Nine: Fat Joe] (T-Pain) (WELCOME TO MY HOOD!!!) Cooked coke, hard rock, stashed in the body shop Only way to break them bricks down is karate chops Niggaz gettin left right in front of the marble precinct Leave 'em like them Jordans' - red dot, leakin I'm fifteen when I first started coppin pies You forty-six just turnin Blood, stop it five It's like the only way to make it is supplyin things Hoop dreams dunkin over cars, let the choir sing [Verse Ten: The Game] (T-Pain) (WELCOME TO MY HOOD!!!) Yo it's that black raw, black dawg, pullin up on that black hog Compton that's my backyard, that's where I used to get them sacks off But now I got platinum plaques in the back of the back and I'm back with Dre again Aftermath, We the Best, me and Khaled, Dre and Em "Detox", "RED" - that's back to the back, step in the club with my hat to the back Nigga I'm so hood even though I'm livin good niggaz still in the V.I.P. strapped with a gat Drop a couple stacks then it's back to the trap couple hoes in the back, red wheels on the 'llac Redrum if you try niggaz, Westside! Throw it up, now! [Verse Eleven: Jadakiss] (*T-Pain) (*WELCOME TO MY HOOD!!!) They knockin packs off (off) they lettin gats off (off) Medicaid, benefit card, scratch-offs Savin every dime (yeah) tryin to choke a quarter And they ain't sellin crack (nah) they sellin Coke and water Smokin or you snortin, they coppin all the Jordans (yeah) Nothin's more important, steal 'em if you can't afford 'em (yep) I'm gettin to the money (money) I need another comma Some of 'em love the drama (yeah) more than they love they momma [Verse Twelve: Bun B] (T-Pain) (WELCOME TO MY HOOD!!!) Yeah, welcome to the land of the Trill where everybody walkin with they hand on the steel And the model is a supply and demand and he will you been outta line with the wrong man and get killed Where you damned if you will, damned if you won't lot of dudes sayin that they can when they don't And a lot of boys sayin that they G's but they ain't mess around get laid down in the paint Better do what you say, say what you do 'fore I come around your hood broad day with the crew They got them fists, A-R's, AK's and them twos and they will gladiate all day, what it do? (What it do?) R.I.P. to the trillest that did it, to my G's on lockdown acquitted Think I'ma stop reppin P.A.T.? Forget it! (get it, get it) [Verse Thirteen: Waka Flocka Flame] (RIVER-DALLLLLLLLE~!!! WAKA! FLOCKA! WAKA! FLOCKA!) Welcome to Clayton County, my house got surrounded The enemies tryna drown me, but my hood still around me (RIVERDAAAAALE!!!) Rookie of the year, no "Freshman" cover Shawty sixteen years old, with FO' baby mothers!! First rapper ever to jump off the stage on BET (Uh-huh!) And since Pac, go to Hollywood and keep it street (WEEEEST-SIIIIDE, UH!!) First Wooh to put T. Rodgers on the TV Everyday it's a party on Grove Street [Outro: DJ Khaled] "We the Best Forever" June 28 It's gon' be a hot summer! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DJ Khaled f/ Busta Rhymes, Game, Fabolous, Lil Wayne, Rick Ross Album: We the Best Forever Song: Bottles & Rockin' J's Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com [Intro: DJ Khaled] Aiyyo Game, what they do, boi? It's DJ Khaled I got my black and red Jordan Retro 6's on I'm all about gettin money  I love glorifyin my hard work Poppin bottles, shit them hoes love it too This DJ Khaled, We the Best Aiyyo Game, Red Nation {RED NATION} [Chorus: Game] All I know is bottles and rockin J's (WOO!), bottles and rockin J's (WOO!) Bottles and rockin J's (WOO!), bottles and rockin J's Bitches and gettin money, bitches and gettin money Bitches and gettin money, bitches and gettin money Bottles and rockin J's (WOO!), bottles and rockin J's (WOO!) Bottles and rockin J's (WOO!), bottles and rockin J's Bitches and gettin money, bitches and gettin money Bitches and gettin money, bitches and gettin money [Busta Rhymes] Aiyyo Game I wanna talk right now.. I wanna let niggaz know what +I+ know.. All I know is how to smash on everybody record and do what I do and make somebody have to go and get a hearse Yo, Game I don't really give a fuck if it's your record and you my brother, my nigga look I gotta rhyme first See the way I comin, how I do the game (Church~!) Ask somebody, you gotta know you gotta need a nurse Let me bang 'em with another killa, then we put a couple bottles on the chiller Kill 'em with another verse Everybody see the way I be goin and goin How I do it? Niggaz don't even be knowin, but then again Yes they do be knowin how I be bangin in every shit I be givin you All the heat I be packin and I be - showin off With all this money, you know where I'm headin And I'm gonna get the Jordan's the patent leather 11's They really bangin all the way down to the bedding And I get a couple pair with all this money I be gettin and I kill 'em with the bop, see the way a nigga steppin And we pop bottles and we rock J's (See me reppin?) And respect the way I do it 'fore I hit you with the weapon Don't be spillin liquor all over my shit, give me a second Dayum~! (SHIIIIIT!!) Anyway..  See we gotta get it up, prol'ly fill a model up Lemme rev a bottle up, lemme see everybody put your liquor bottles up  {M-M-M-Maybach Music} LET'S GO!  [Rick Ross] Bitches, I'm gettin money (WOO!), bottles and rockin chains Money like I'm LeBron (WOO!), my whip collection insane Suicidal thoughts (uh!), highway to heaven, ridin like a boss Condominium in the clouds, 60 Gs' a month (Hahaha!) Fifty floors, marble walls, pictures of Boston George Bitches snortin blow, fuckin fast and cookin dope (WOO!) Sanctify, Bally shoes, Audemars, Franck Muller  That Chopard, my new bitches must ménage, I'm a G [Game] Bottles and rockin J's, smokin and sippin Spades Pistol tucked in my Louie, +Heated+ up like I'm Wade Nigga don't do LeBron's, Kobe up on the weekend Jordan's Monday through Friday, especially when I'm freakin Them cool grays, that's Monday, them Space Jams, that's Tuesday Them Spike Lee's on Wednesday, 23 in my Benz - (AY!) You know I love them 6s', especially on my bitches 13s' and them spandex on Thursday, it's yo' birthday And Friday I ain't lyin, King Of Diamonds I'm in heaven Redbone pussy poppin on my black and red 11's Patent leather when I step in, you know what I'm reppin S-double O W-double O Black number fo's, I ain't get it from the store  Bus' know, that... [Fabolous] I put footprints in them couches, I put so much in my two-step Put on fo' my city, I ain't got no choice but to rep I put straight shots, in they hand, make pretty girls do the ugly face And they just put my song on, move back, I need Dougie space  like AY~! AY~! Then it's right back to my muggin face Nigga said put the weed out, BBM, you buggin face We walked in, one sum'n, bottles pop like we won sum'n Raise a glass for err'body that's done +Somethin, from Nothin+ No grind, no shine, dress code, we pay no mind Cargos and J's on, they let son/sun in, no blinds All I drink is my shit, stop playin -- Youtube (Coco Loso wasted!) But tonight we on that red berry and cranberry -- SOO-WOO [Lil Wayne] And I'm smokin on that purp, sippin on that purp I came in this bitch, wit some niggaz that will murk And we ain't 'bout all that talkin, you a dead man walking Stomp a nigga ass out, in these number 4 Jordan's Got a scope, on the barrel, that's a hammer witta camera Hollow tips nigga, tip a nigga like a dancer I don't know nuttin' but bitches and gettin money Blood gang, kill a nigga in public, Young TUNECHI~! Shoot a nigga ass up, then it's deuces Head shots, that fuckin vest is so useless Yeaaaah! Yo Chuck, FUCK these niggaz! You know who, P-I-RU, killer bees nigguh! WHAOW!!! YOUNG MULA BAAAAAY-BAAAAAY!! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DJ Khaled f/ Ace Hood, Meek Mill, Plies Album: Kiss the Ring Song: Shout Out to the Real Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ FLash [DJ Khaled] DJ KHALED~! Yeah Meek Milly! We the Best [Meek Mill] Free Boosie, real nigga In the jail standin tall like Shaquille nigga I used to say "I know how you feel, nigga" It's like a full time job not to kill niggaz Half my hood hatin I done came up I don't know if it's the money or the fame stuff Got me walkin through the jungle with my flame tucked Gun around my jewelry since they want to see me chained up Friends turn to foes when you in a row Model bitches turn to hoes cause a nigga froze Got them people takin pictures, let a nigga pose Cause I get paper readin scripts, you ain't gettin shows Poppin bottles it sound like a Mac-10 Extended vision go beep beep when I'm back in I dropped a quarter milli on an Aston And I ain't got an album out I got these niggaz fallin out I'm gone [Chorus 2X: Meek Mill] Shout out to the real niggaz (salute) And shout out to the real bitches (say what?) I'm poppin bottles with my real niggaz It's like a full time job not to kill niggaz [Ace Hood] (ACE HOOD!) Yeah - bought a chopper for my problems that banana type Seen a millie, now it's hard for me to sleep at night I'm the type to flood the Roley like it's New Orleans Bet that all my niggaz ball like I'm Mr. Clean From the bottom to the top I made it out the gutter I'm 17 on every scene I need my bread and butter Used to run the streets, but now I'm runnin every summer Right back on my bullshit like a Chicago lover Feel I'm jumpin up out that Phantom with my cocky ass Know they hatin, I just tell 'em kiss the paper tags Still be with them pretty bitches, save for Stacey Dash Plus my Roley cost me 80, that's gon' make 'em mad Free my niggaz locked, free my niggaz caged Fuck the system, yeah you know we on the same page Niggaz love it when you're drownin in that water dog Hate to see a nigga shinin like some Armor All Loyalty over royalty that's my common law We the Best the logo, and I'm with my fuckin boss He just tell me murder niggaz, you would think it's Holocaust Still the hottest young'n in it, what you niggaz thought? [Plies] (PLIES~!!) They took a half a eel nigga out the bank nigga If you want to whip 'em pussy nigga, blank nigga And I put that red dot right where you thank nigga Hood nigga still wearing Cuban links nigga I'm on the ave nigga riding in a Cutlass You that talkin nigga, you know you a pussy A real nigga, real life, no rap shit And I can promise you this ain't what you want, bitch Got a mill and I'm still up in the hood nigga Cause I was too busy to gutter with the real niggaz When you see me in the field tell me how you feel nigga And we some kin, 'til he tell me if you real nigga And I ain't tellin none of my young niggaz to chill, nigga We all shooters nigga, and all us on pills nigga And got a yacht my nigga the size of Shaquille, nigga And 'fore you try me nigga you better write your will, nigga! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DJ Khaled f/ Future, Lil Wayne, T.I. Album: Kiss the Ring Song: Bitches & Bottles (Let's Get it Started) Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ FLash [Intro] Turn it up... turn it up!! (DJ KHALED) [Chorus: Future] Let's get it started, let's go dumb and retarded Let's get high as we wanna, let's go and burn up a forest Better load up the cartridge, get the car it's inside it Let's put some ice on your watches and designer on your body Let's order bitches and bottles, bitches and bottles Bitches and bottles, let's order bitches and bottles Bitches and bottles, bitches and bottles Bitches and bottles, let's get it started [T.I.] I'm turned up 'til my knob broke, say turn down I say nah ho3 My neck +Rocky+ like +Balboa+, my watch official, it's uncalled for In the same regions on all floors, I got six sluts on all fours They french kiss and say bonjour, I got my own shine but I won't show I'm stupid rich, got stupid bitches, who stupid thick in Louboutin Don't like me? Fuck you again, wanna fight me? Well come do it then Right hand to God on everything I see the hearts of men and they very lame I won't entertain no punk shit, they talk shit and I run shit Boy you tryin to get what I been here, headed down for like 10 years I'm gettin it in 'til it's unreal, let's say one album, like ten mill' Plus my swag is stupid low IQ (gone) hurt nigga feelin I don't try to But when you ballin like I do, you know something nigga don't like you [Lil Wayne] It's Tunechi, you bitch you, I like sticky weed and sticky pussy Sittin on like a hundred mill', I treat that shit like whoopie cushion Ballin on them fuck niggaz, they on the bench I benchpress 'em They hatin from the sidelines, they pissed off, piss test 'em Man I'm on that lean, liquor for them bitches Who's fuckin with me? all I hear is crickets I got stank up in my Swisher, my bitch pussy smell like roses She on that Molly, I'm on that Mary, I'm on that +Mary+ like +Joseph+ Man I'm married to this shit, you can call it Shit Carter Dick stay up, like it got insomnia All them niggaz hatin, fuck ya in your pussy The best things in life are free, free my nigga Boosie Gone [Interlude] Ayy (let's order bitches and bottles) DJ KHALED! (Let's order bitches and bottles) (Let's order up another model) (Let's order up another model) [Outro: DJ Khaled] I make hits, I find hits and I put hits out It's We the Best, it's Y.M.C.M.B. Lil Wayne, T.I., Future DJ Khaled, fuck boys suck a dick Bow down, +Kiss the Ring+ Shit real over here Bitch I'm the biggest mogul in the game Salute {*echoes*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DJ Khaled f/ Rick Ross, Kanye West Album: Kiss the Ring Song: I Wish You Would Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ FLash [DJ Khaled] DJ KHALED!!!! Ya boy I'm so serious!! [Kanye West] + (DJ Khaled) One, two them boys comin for you Three, four better lock your door Five, six - hide yo' bitch (Aiyyo Yeezy, pop your shit) [Kanye West] They said thou shall not be ill, thou shall not feel Thou should not be trill, not be drill, not be real Niggaz sellin packs, niggaz flippin pills They got heroin and cracks, man these niggaz high for real Every year gon' be our year, every year gon' be my year These niggaz really is out here, these niggaz really is out here The block is at war, post-traumatic stress Ran up outta pills, rob that CVS Niggaz gettin bust over In Gods We Trust We believe in God, but do God believe in us? If we believe enough, will we ever get to know him? That lean got us dozin, we forget that we the chosen I've been poppin shit for too long But still reppin where I came from I guess it's how I came up I wish you would try to play us [Chorus: Kanye West] I wish you would nigga, I wish you would nigga {*2X*} I guess it's how I came up; I wish you would try to play us [Rick Ross] {Maybach Music!} My money on a another level In the streets I hear 'em hotter than the fucking devil I wonder how I got a hundred in my fucking bezel G5 make it rain, I can change the weather We fly them niggaz lame, where your fuckin cheddar? Aim at your brain, AK be the fuckin letters Fuck niggaz fall in alphabetical order Frank Lucas fur, the cap run more than a quarter I'm at the fight, ringside right next to promoters All my niggaz still hustle, consider 'em roguish I remember catchin buses, just bought me a Lotus All your codes get decoded, know the niggaz you quotin Hun, my corner will scorch ya somehow my flow is the coldest Money, power, respect, the only things truly important Family first, Khaled we gotta stay focused +God Forgives+ and +I Don't+; pussy niggaz on notice [Kanye West] I wish you would nigga, I wish you would nigga You see you got a couple cases still look good nigga You see these niggaz they try to play ya, know your field nigga And yup - that'd be the day you wanna kill a nigga But you gon' chill nigga, just for yo' kids nigga Cause now there's kids doin grown man biz nigga You just got home nigga, you tryin to live nigga Me I don't wanna do another five years nigga The boss is testing yo ass, the feds'll question yo ass They be drug testin yo ass, and then they pray you don't pass And then you look in the sky, you got some questions to ask With no response make you wanna grab the Tech and the Mac Cause they've been poppin shit for too long Still reppin where I came from I guess it's how I came up I wish you would try to play us [Rick Ross] RO-ZAY!! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DJ Khaled f/ Chris Brown, Lil Wayne, Nicki Minaj, Rick Ross Album: Kiss the Ring Song: Take it to the Head Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Intro: DJ Khaled] Another one, another one (another one) DJ Khaled! Workin all winter, shinin all summer I ain't no beginner, you scared to take it to the [Chorus: Chris Brown] Take it to the head~! Yeah yeah Don't think about it, be about it, don't be scared  to take it to the head, yeah, yeah yeah Girl you fly, but if I tell you then you might take it to the head I'm in my zone, damn near got my eyes closed One shot, two shots, I'm gone - I take it to the head~! I'm in my zone, damn near got my eyes closed One shot, two shots, I'm gooooone Now we gon' get fucked up, no excuses, no apologies {"Maybach Music"} [Rick Ross] Reputation for G's, that's the role of a boss So amazin to see, black baguetts in my watch She say love is for free, just expensive to shop But it's nothin to me, that extends from my block I got a lot of figures (yeah) I'm a father figure (me) She know a lot of niggaz, don't know a hotter nigga Come to the winner's circle, a lot of men will hurt you But I'm here to nurture (for real) I wanna take you further She got all them purses, I say in my verses YSL or Hermes and barely scratch the surface She know her purpose, as I peel the curtains I always make her nervous, this record's perfect [Nicki Minaj] Uhh, yo Reputation for bustin, pussy open it's nothin Big fat nigga, all that huffin and puffin Take me shoppin in France, and he pay in advance He got big balls, ran a play in his pants Ran away with his money, just to chill on an island All my bitches is stylin beaches and eatin Italian This is real shit, r-r-real shit On the real nigga fuckin with a real bitch I-I-I ride for him (I ride for him) DMV (DMV) Stamina (stamina) GNC (GNC) Three letters... CMB Competition, I don't C-N-E/see any [Lil Wayne] Uh, reputation for tastin I'm, killin them hoes, like Jason Got that pussy like, medication to patients Got my eyes closed, like Asian persuasion Fuck with me baby, it's Tunechi baby Bust a nut, smoke a blunt, now I'm rejuvenated with all that pink gone, bitch I'm King Kong I eat her ice cream, she eat my ice cream cone Haha, pop a pill and pop that pussy I bet you Tunechi make her throw away that silver bullet Yeah... and she kiss me on my neck And she kiss me on my chest And then she [Chorus] w/ ad libs [Lil Wayne] YOUNG MULA BABY~!! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DJ Khaled f/ Big K.R.I.T., J. Cole, Kendrick Lamar Album: Kiss the Ring Song: They Ready Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ FLash [Intro] DJ KHALED! [J. Cole] And you know it don't stop, grindin 'round that clock Mastermindin my second album my first album just dropped Scored a touchdown on my first down niggaz thought I was gon' flop See I hustle like my momma but I look just like my pops And we still duckin cops, ride around and take shots Hennessy for my enemies, niggaz know I'm takin they spot Cause that score up on the play clock, show just how I came from way back Just like T-I-P told you +ASAP+ but you niggaz rappin like Aesop Get a grip - oh that's your dream car? Nigga that's my old whip Oh that's your dream girl? Nigga that's my old bitch Oh that's your new flow? Nigga that's my old shit This that new K.R.I.T. shit, that Cole shit, them country niggaz [Chorus: Cole] One for the money, two for the show Three for them hoes sayin anything goes They say they ready for whatever! They say they ready for whatever I been around the world, twice to be exact Six bad bitches and they lapped up in the back They say they ready for whatever! They say they ready for whatever [Big K.R.I.T.] Yo crew Shorty look what we got, my bass beat and it knock Got the old school in my old school 'bout to post up on yo' block Yo broad chose like she was supposed to and you up in arms cause she bopped Well I hate to say it but I got to say that I wish that they would just stop So fuck these haters, fuck these hoes that ain't slammin doors on they drop Y'all niggaz too young to remember how to the south used to be but I'm not So when it come to snappin Cadillacs, +SpottieOttieDopaliscious+ y'all pop You thought +Krit Wuz Here+ and +R4+ were the shit, bitch wait 'til my album drop Say that's yo' new car? Nigga that's my old slab Say that's yo' new bitch? Nigga that's my old stab Oh that's yo' new flow? That shit sound so trash This that new K.R.I.T. shit, that Cole shit, them country niggaz [Kendrick Lamar] Hold up.... but don't forget about Compton nigga One for the money, two for the show Three for +No Limit+ and the rest for +Death Row+ That means I been +Bout It Bout It+ and this is the realest shit I ever wrote And if anyone ever doubt it then they are the loudest of liars I know I only desire to blow, she only desire to blow and I hope that my dick is a whistlely flute, and that's not the instrumental Now pick up my coat You let that motherfucker drag like RuPaul, I'll drag yo' ass to the floor Bitch I can admit, I'm a recovered addict, paraphernalia that is Tellin the doctor I'm sick, head doctor I'm needing your lips, yea Proper analogy for it, if I can afford it then I won't ignore it, yea Cop me a palace and Porsche and right when I floor it that's when I switched - gears Living my life on Uranus, uh, keeping one foot in your anus, uh The other foot all on your neck, repeatedly stomp 'til I break it, uh Bitch I'm demandin respect, these bitches is tellin me take it DJ Khaled, even if I had callus, holdin the torch ain't no challenge Ain't it? The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DJ Khaled f/ Ace Hood, Big Sean, T-Pain, Wiz Khalifa Album: Kiss the Ring Song: I'm So Blessed Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ FLash [Intro: T-Pain] Can nothin stop me now Yeah (DJ Khaled) Yeah, ohohoo, no [Chorus: T-Pain] Man I'm so blessed (man I'm so blessed) I got the Lord on my shoulders I'm alright (I'm alright) I'm alright (I'm alright) Ain't got no stress (ain't got no stress) My people with me they celebratin the life We livin life (we livin life) Now sing it with me If you've been workin hard, if you believe in God Sing it with me Can't nothin stop me now [Big Sean] Yeah yellin fuck a nine to five boi Even if I gotta work from nine to nine boi I'm self made, self paid and I got my city watchin They threw me in the game, I threw up numbers like a auction Cause I do it, do it, do it like it's no other option Fat asses, big bottles, when I'm around they both get poppin Pop pop pop I talk about girls and money too much I admit Wait too much girls, too much money, those two things that don't exist And I think it's so impressive, I'm ridin in the back Young and black cause I'm chauffeured and not cause I'm arrested Getting richer e'ry year, progress in my progression Got the finest with her shirt off and skirt off showin her blessings [Wiz Khalifa] I wonder what the haters got to say now They mad I'm on top of my game and they down I'm always reppin for my gang I stay down Ain't gotta go back to my hood cause they 'round And the niggaz that's next to me it's all the niggaz that stress with me I done made it from the bottom and they say I did it on my own, so to me that's destiny If anybody got a problem I just tell 'em to get on their grind try to to see as much checks as me And my wife is a Goddess my tree is the finest A click full of real niggaz that's just the one thing about us One thing about us They showin us love, but I remember back then them niggaz would doubt us We used to go out but now when we go out all the people surround us They screamin my name, I'm reppin my city it's me who they proud of So fuck what the lames about Wouldn't me no game without us No game without us [Ace Hood] Been hated on, I been doubted, been talked about and mistreated Still put in the work that I needed, now I'm livin the things that I'm dreamin Got my momma straight and my daughter good and my team right cause we eatin Been broke before, and now it's open doors I got the dopest flow and they seen it God keep away all them demons, been patient dog I've been lenient Been holding out I've been fiendin, long as God with me I don't need 'em When you winnin everybody want a dap up Gettin money now your friends wanna act up I don't really give a fuck I'ma go hard No stress, couple cars in the front yard We the Best be the logo, gettin money with a mogul Upgrade from the 2 to the 4-do', top down so blast it, it's YOLO One time for my XO, Ace Hood got these rap niggaz petrol Fire, no lie nigga they know From the bottom to the top only Lord knows Artist: DJ Khaled f/ DJ Premier, Nas, Scarface Album: Kiss The Ring Song: Hip Hop Typed by: Gemini_20502K@Yahoo.com, Nickolye16@aol.com [Intro: DJ Khaled] This shit's special!!! [DJ Premier scratchin]: D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-DJ Khaled!!! [Female]: J.U.S.T.I.C.E. LEAGUE!!! [Verse One: Scarface] A-A-A-A-A-And if I cried two tears for her, that would be the most that I would give to her She left me stranded in my nightmares Takin pictures of my memories she right there Twisted on the blade in my heart deep Always on my mind so I can't sleep She used to tell me she was all mine Now the only way I see the broad is online I'm doin drugs tryin to feel you I'm killin me tryin to kill you I built my whole life around ya I thought I found it all when I found her Shoppin sprees on whatever coast How'd you really feel I may never know And as I ride through these streets With my hand on my heat eyes red from sweet sour Realize some things never change Once in love and it's gone, you don't look at it the same baby Fuck love 'cause she don't live here I'm soaked in blood but I'm still here Hip Hop heartbreaks Straight laced, deep base, 808's plus the mixtapes Got a nigga feelin like I upped and let ya Get away now ya all in the lectures Bein studied by the colleges, professors Now I regret the day I met ya (BITCH!!!) I be the first one to say it She ain't the one you wanna play with I FUCK HIP HOP!!! [Verse Two: Nas] And if-and if-and if I cried two tears for her That would be the most that I can give to her I am Joseph, Darryl, Jason, Dr. Dre, O'Shea and a host of those who passed away Today I'm Drake, I'm Wayne, 2 Chainz You say you wanna rap, to this bitch you must commit Then you're a slave to your grave, you won't get out, you cannot quit She menstruates weekly, her +Vibe+ covers keep you warm But +The Source+ to her heart is love, +Word Up+, +Right On!+ You know how girls are, she love when you lickin on her +WorldStar+ Kissin on her belly, trick on her at Onyx Confused fans think that she illuminates demonic But she's the object of my affections, God's essence, God bless her She bought me Bentleys, Breitlings, made some friends resent me for writin about my life, they thought I shoulda stayed quiet She took me to places I woulda never saw without her And she took me from my girl powder I doubt I'll ever be the same, uhh, hallowed be thy name Give me strength so I don't do this dame like Orenthal James Brad warned me, while drivin this auburn Ferrari Never follow in her games, I fuck around and I'll be sorry But I tried her used to ride her, for dollars not the fame She slowed me down and had me guzzlin on cups of lean She's a middle-aged cougar, showin young'ns the dream Noticed she wasn't breathin for a second then I screamed "She's dead!" And everybody took it out on Nasty I was just lookin out, for my music family Wasn't tryin to claim her to myself, she's yours You can have her, she's a motherfuckin whore I fuck Hip-Hop! [Outro: DJ Premier Scratchin] And-A-A-And if I cried two tears for her, that would be the most that I would give to her-"Scarface" Sh-S-S-S-S-She ain't the one you wanna play with-"Scarface" You-You-You-You say you wanna rap, to this bitch, you must commit-"Nas" I FUCK HIP HOP-"Scarface" And if-And if-And if I cried two tears for her, that would be the most that I can give to her-"Nas" S-S-S-S-S-She ain't the one you wanna play with-"Scarface" I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I FUCK HIP HOP!!!-"Nas" AH-A-A-AH-A-A-AH!!!!-"Chuck D" H-H-H-H-H-H-Is-hard-as-hell!!!-"LL Cool J" And-you-all-know-how-the sto-ry-go!!!-"DMC" [DJ Khaled]: This shit's special!!! [DJ Premier scratchin]: D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-DJ Khaled!!! [Female]: J.U.S.T.I.C.E. LEAGUE!!! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DJ Khaled f/ French Montana, Jadakiss, Meek Mill, Rick Ross Album: Kiss the Ring Song: I Did It For My Dawgz Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro: Rick Ross] + (DJ Khaled) Ricky Rozay (We the Best) French Montana (Nino! DJ Khaled) (Y.M.C.M.B., this for my dogs... for my dogs) [Chorus: repeat 2X] I did it for my dogs (I did it for my dogs) {*4X*} Oh Lord! {Maybach Music} [Rick Ross] Hundred in the mula got more diamonds than a jeweler Top down on the car, might be ridin with a shooter Nigga down to do ya, I ain't fuckin with a curl bar Nickle plated Ruger have you in a box on WorldStar Duck nigga, duck nigga Duck nigga, duck nigga where I'm from you called a fuck nigga Pistol in the freezer, spend a kilo on the visa Courtside SportsCenter, I can make you a believer (swish) Everybody goin broke, keep it real you gotta fight it Hundred kilos in the Beemer, boy don't make me get excited Couple milli' on the neck like I'm tryin to get indicted Got a mansion, got a yacht, bad bitch and a tiger Ugh~! Real niggaz takin over televisions Dope boys riding in a new set of Benzes +Hot Boy+, young boy, still +On Fire+ What's a death sentence cause we all gotta die [Meek Mill] Nino! Sittin on them M's, man shit is gettin realer Ricky Diesel got my hood lookin like scrilla Buyin all these foreigns I be in and out the dealer Just to let my niggaz hold on when they rollin, it could kill 'em And these suckaer, I dont feel 'em; I dont even see 'em I'ma die fly, rest in peace Aaliyah Half my dogs dead, the rest of them is here If all your jewels fake, how the fuck we gon' believe ya? Said I did it for my dogs, did it for my dogs E'rybody ridin 'til you seen 'em in the morgue Started with a body now I'm sittin in a Porsche With the shooters right behind me shit you lookin at a boss Rose gold Roley on my wrist, flawless! Hundred bottles send 'em to the VIP, ballin Basketball leather in the Benz, Spalding Y'all niggaz talkin, fuck is y'all retarded? [Chorus] - 1/2 [French Montana] I did it for my dogs Did it for them niggaz with a vision like a boss Did it for them niggaz in the kitchen with the salt Now I'm in that white thing, 500 horses for my niggaz in the coffin But got bikes in my hand and a drop head Roley Staring at the ceiling when I wake up in the mornin My dog doin life, try to see him 'fore he hit the coffin Playin with my paper, run up in your offices It's the oh-twelve Ice Cube nigga with the Raider hat A maniac nigga, where the paper at? Highway to life, need a hundred mill' exit Fifty on the wrist, hundred on the necklace [Chorus] - 1/2 [Jadakiss] AH_HAH~! Yeah, yeah yeah yeah Yo - watch who you drinkin with, watch who you smokin with One point seven in my safe when I open it (cash) If I put seven in ya face, will I open it? And I know tomorrow ain't promised but I hope it is Love to get acquainted with you, stay and tear the jail up Did it for my dogs, so I had to put the bails up Get them thangs off so I haven't put the scales up Treat you like a pit, get your ears and ya tail cut Chopper still hot, you can hold it for yourself Versace, same buckle on the loafers and the belt Yeah them pills is flyin but the smokers is somethin else If the spot catch fire, the coke'll just really melt The dough got 'em bringin in the broads Obvious the flow got 'em screamin for the Lord If there's money on your head, what you think is the reward? I ain't do it for myself, you know who I did it for? [Rick Ross] I did it for my dogs (I did it for my dogs) Oh Lord! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DJ Khaled f/ 2 Chainz, Ace Hood, Birdman Album: Kiss the Ring Song: I Don't See 'Em Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro: Birdman] Yeah (2 Chainz!) 5000 on the lens Perpetratin on these niggaz (bigger than life) Uhh, fo'sho {DJ KHALED~!} [Chorus: 2 Chainz] If I stand next to ice, then I'm camouflaged If I stand next to lights, then I'm camouflaged My future's so bright, that all I see is stars My shades on in the club, I don't see you broads I don't see you broads, I don't-I don't see you broads I don't see you broads, I don't-I don't see you broads My future's so bright, that all I see is stars My shades on in the club, I don't see you broads [2 Chainz] I'm +Criminal, Minded+ winter coat cli-mate Cold, fuckin up yo' sinus Bitches might choke, I'm givin them the Heimlich I'm a, pimp in my own fuckin rhymin you my side bitch Ungh - 2 Chainz, two pinky rings I like to play with +Lucilles+, +B.B. King+ You don't fuck with us, we don't really fuck with y'all Stunna bought some Yachts, We in the ocean playing bumper cars Pocket full of money, bitch, and my crew eatin Got a nigga shinin like a brand new nickel Plated pistol, this my last shot Just left the dealership and I cashed out [Ace Hood] Black shades, gold chain, and a Versace scarf Swear you haters couldn't see me if I glowed in the dark What it be like nigga? What it look like hoe? Still shinin a nigga, 2 Chainz lookin like it's lightnin doe No love for you busters, consistently stuntin Mo' bottles of Rose, yeah you know who run it Thousand dollar shades on, all gold frames Mister Fuck-Your-Bitch-And-Leave-Her, that's my code name I'm blowin money in this bitch, I think I'm Birdmane Trappin ain't dead, gettin money like the bird mane B-B-Bad bitches, whole lotta ass Make you famous in this bitch soon as the camera flash [Birdman] Yeah... yeah In the kitchen and we cookin up that raw hog Driveway shini, I'm a movie star Open up the bank bitch, bring 'em large Flip 'em and we bust 'em, then we ship 'em off Perpetratin'll get your head bust A hundred million'll get you dope flush A new Bentley, you get a hoe rush Big money shit, we poppin cause we came up Hella choppers, on them new thangs Big yachts, brand new wings Them hoes floppin cause they know the frame Cartier, 10 karats on my pinky ring [Birdman] Yeah~! Just like that my nigga Dark room, tinted shades on The GT poppin In the club get in my zone, backroom V.I.P., people, yeah Y.M.C.M.B. flashin lifestyle Whattup Detail? Yeah I rock to this one my nigga, let's get it The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DJ Khaled f/ Kirko Bangz, Mack Maine, Tyga, Wale Album: Kiss the Ring Song: Don't Pay 4 It Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro] Double M, Kirko, Khaled (DJ KHALED!) [Chorus: Kirko Bangz] Say I ain't tryin to pay, fo' it Man I'm too player for that Too many bitches in the world right now That'll fuck around and pray for that Say I ain't tryin to pay, fo' it I don't pay for no pussy I won't pay for no pussy and I ain't buyin no Gucci Say I ain't trying to pay fo' it I'm a motherfucking G, and I should make these bitches pay me Say I ain't trying to pay, fo' it Hell naw man I'm too throwed, niggaz stay gettin shows Make a lot of money, never trick to these hoes [Wale] Pay for that, not me, no hell Y'all the one that bring the C-notes out This is K.O.D., now they wait on me Cause if I do not arrive there wouldn't be no shows Wale, Wale Hear you talkin, but I can not stay Chicks involved, but they can not stay I spit the raw, I leave a gay bitch - late Huh! Turn your date to a lake Uhh - turn your eight to a great Uhh - turn a nine to a DAMN without payin for the date No debate, ain't no John You done broke the safe just to get those broads You been playing the Uno but you gettin no drawers And I poke her face and let her hold no cards I ain't even trippin, or payin these women Got plenty fish in that ocean and my rod game is so vicious And my sharp show is at 4:15, can I use the rip in 5:15 Now I 62 cause I get the loot And she's gon' +Kiss the Ring+ but no wedding [Tyga] Clap that ass, bitch turn up Nigga kill the pussy, call it murder Swerve in the Murcielago Me without a foreign car man that's unheard of In the Maybach, king with my feet up Curtains drawn, bitch scream when you see us High give me lead up, work toward Niko 2500 for the sneakers, dope ass nigga, no beeper I was 16 with a Beamer, Glock with the watch on Aquafina Niggaz going, hyena Getting pussy posted up at the Deaner Now we pull up, post in Medinas With light-skinned bitch like +Gina+ Aston, +Martin+ Man I'm muh'fuckin +Cole+ like +Keyshia+ Stop signs, Simon says, we don't give a fuck, we run them Like Tommy Young, been barely men Man broke niggaz, we don't live with them I don't fuck around, I just fuck her friends Got eagle doors on that brand new Benz And a threesome with two twenty twins I'm rich, bitch [Mack Maine] (Bitch I'm Mack Ma-I-I-I-ine) Trick what? Lace who? Baby girl that ain't what Maine do Before I chase you, I replace you, before I break you off, I'ma break you Matter of fact, fuck you, got a hundred chicks on my tour bus Asian chicks, they adore us, I'm feelinglike the nigga on the chorus (Got this drank in my cup, and I'm 'bout to roll up) Man this bitch talking too much dawg (I done came down, hold up) Heard a nigga say pimpin was dead I showed them my watch and corrected them quick like "Nah, niggaz you're scared, now go get you some bread" See it's... money over bitches, and bread over bed Tell a bitch that I know Khaled, and she +Take it to the Head+ Sheeit~! One go to store for me Got another one that's tryin to hoe for me Hopefully she bring more hoes to me and reverse the game and make 'em bring dough to me [Chorus] - minus last two lines The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DJ Khaled f/ Mavado Album: Kiss the Ring Song: Suicidal Thoughts Typed by: Gemini_20502K@Yahoo.com [Intro: Mavado] (DJ Khaled) AHHH!!! (Pass the Guinness) AHHH!!! Yeah!!! Gully God!!! From Kingston! (We The Best Music!)  [Chorus: Mavado] So suicidal! First they ever seen this! Gangsta for life! The realest!!! So suiciddddeeeee!!!! First they ever seen this! Gangsta for life! The Realest! [Verse One: Mavado] Dem seh becareful a di road dem wey yuh walk Some a carry guns and some a dem a dutty heart Smile in front yuh face and waan fi kill yuh when yuh pass Who dem would a last so di best seh oonu talk I'm on another level like I know I would a hawk And mi nuh fear di devil wid di fork Touch di Gullyside gun smoke and gun spark A all a mi enemies dead heart [Chorus: Mavado] So suicidal! First they ever seen this! Gangsta for life! The realest!!! So suiciddddeeeee!!!! First they ever seen this! Gangsta for life! The Realest! [Verse Two: Mavado] (DJ Khaled) Every street, every block, every Gullyside all a mi Tell dem +We The Best+ is just a family From Kingston Jamaica to Miami We takin over lead mek dem follow we (SING IT!!!) Every gangsta pon dem corna!!! A smoke di marijuana!!! Far as dem eyes can see!!! Mi a di real G! From New York to California! To Arizona! Dem haffi set mi free! Old gangalee God if your with me! Show the lighters let me know! Lighters let me know! You know! Hands in the sky if your with me! It's the Gullyside life you know! You know! You know! [Chorus: Mavado] So suicidal! First they ever seen this! Gangsta for life! The realest!!! So suiciddddeeeee!!!! First they ever seen this! Gangsta for life! The Realest! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DJ Khaled f/ Ace Hood Album: Kiss the Ring Song: Outro (They Don't Want War) Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Restaurant employee] Gwan' gwan' Mista Khaled What you want today the regular? [DJ Khaled] Nah~! Give me the steamed fish, with some white rice And give me a champagne cola And give me some water with some lemon on it You feel me? [Restaurant employee] Alright there, no problem So what your friend want? [Ace] Nah I'm good [Restaurant employee] Alright then, me soon come back Yo Chef! S'how it go da fish for Khaled dem Steamed side real nice right [DJ Khaled] + (Ace) So check this out right? It's all about the money (yeah) It's always about the power (true dat) It's always about the respect (straight up) I don't see 'em [Restaurant employee] Yo Khaled dey a notice a some thugs outside a'wa pri I mean I don't know if you want give dem a talk Got dem out dere a pri [DJ Khaled] Aiyyo check this out right? You tell 'em to come through, bring 'em to me And let them know they have a choice Everyone has a choice Heard them people seekin problems with the Godfather Shockers keep them llama get your head trauma Pussy boys rather see me dead momma Instead I'm in that Maybach textin William Roberts Riding through the city with my hammer close Pray to Allah that this trigger's not as fast as soap Self-made all it took was faith and lots of hope Understand, this the realest shit I ever wrote Arab from the Middle-East Jerusalem Duplicate me will never be, I'm hot as Lucifer Palestine mastermind, Roley face, bezels shine Smokin good, counting paper, tryin to dodge the Babylon Yeah~! I'm well respected and that's on any block Talk about the gutter you just pray to make it out Puffin ganja with them rastas with them dreadlocks Crackin lobster with them mobsters get your dog shot You're all fuckin moldy, foreign without an owner Muh'fuckin neighbors, bought the whole corner Bought the whole block, stuntin on you fuck boys +We the Best+ of all, gotta get that young boy (Gotta let me get 'em) Nah Ace, they don't want war (Just let me get 'em) Nah Ace, they don't want war (I got 'em, I got 'em) Nah Ace, they don't want war (Cause that's that shit we came for!) [Restaurant employee] Yo a whattup Khaled 'ow you enjoy your steamed fish? [DJ Khaled] Steamed fish was amazing, matter of fact Let me get some jerk chicken to go Grab me one of them lemon pie theories And let me get some of them cashew theories too And give me another champagne cola But let me ask you a question: what happened to them people, askin about me you was supposed to bring them to me? [Restaurant employee] Dey no sai Mista Khaled Dey say me one thang one dat you It let those take their next chance And dem boi just cut, gone, cut [Outro] Hahahaha I always told my dogs everyone got a choice Everyone +Kiss the Ring+ The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DJ Khaled f/ Ace Hood Album: Kiss the Ring Song: Don't Get Me Started Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro: Ace Hood] Y'all don't want to get me started hoe You don't want to get me started hoe Ace Hood! (Ace Hood) {We the Best, Y.M.C.M.B.} [Chorus: Ace Hood] My nigga fuck what you say, my niggaz out for the cake Was on the block every night, was on the block e'ry day I do this shit for my fam, you do this shit for the fame I kept it real from the joint, and that's just how I remain Don't get me started, don't get me started My nigga, my nigga don't get me started, don't get me started My niggaz go real as they go so hard, so dumb retarded Cause a nigga wanna think it's sweet then try me Don't get me started, don't get me started [Ace Hood] Okay now clique full of niggaz with tempers Clique full of niggaz and killer When they cut me I don't pay them With the two them nigga eyes remember I'm the same lil nigga from the block hoe And I drive still walk with the Glock on I'm about that cream, guap' large on Don't get me started up hoe I come to whip in the Phantom Y'all niggaz really can't stand it Them hoes really be jockin Diamonds done got them watchin Say Ace ain't gettin no money Pussy, I beg your pardon You don't wanna get me started You don't wanna see how I'm ballin Okay okay, what it look like? Well that good thang got and it's good night With a bad bitch, she's so thick She rolling, I know this And her neck gon' froze, better know that Act up, I smell like a Kodak And these niggaz these niggaz These niggaz these niggaz These niggaz these niggaz won't hold back [Ace Hood] Okay them pussy niggaz be hatin Focus on what I'm makin Came through in that Phantom Them pussy niggaz can't take it Spent big bread on my chain Still on stroke with your mabe I'm rich nigga like yeah nigga They hopin I stay the same They say I changed when I got fame Bitch niggaz, they complain Flat black in that two door Nigga must think he Bruce Wayne I'm like damn Hood, what it be like? Hold 'em down as your knee lights New bitch like e'ry day Swear to God you won't see her twice That purple that got me leanin They don't wanna get me started Come on this hook, no phonics Introduce this shit and go retarded Chopper in the trunk in case your mood swing Extended clips that's standin tall - 2 Chainz [Outro] EGH~! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DJ Khaled f/ Mavado Album: Kiss the Ring Song: Aktion Pak Typed by: Gemini_20502K@Yahoo.com [Intro: Mavado] Seh dem ago diss who? Seh dem ago diss mi? Chatty mouth dat mon! Dem bad like we?! [Chorus: Mavado] A chat dem a chat, yap dem a yap Gully side we action pack We nuh cuss cuss we nuh wear frack Gully side we a action pack Tell dem anyting, a anyting Any DJ any sing Any vocal every strip  Fi rise 'gainst God is a heavy sin [Verse One: Mavado] Dem a seh mi live a farin and mi nah come back Have a house pon di hill dem seh mi cyaan dun dat Mi nuh listen pussyface, draws teeth and tongue cat Any muma bloodclaat violate a gunshot Mama tell mi seh son beg yuh please keep a calma I'm gettin old and mi cyaan tek di drama Yeah but who sell mi out a informa I see death 'round di corna mi nuh leff mi llama Right now!!! Mi a strike Ginga From a trigga press, mi have a sticky finga Mi nuh gyal, mi nuh carry pretty finga 12 Gauge fell it buss fling fem thru winda [Chorus: Mavado] I'm ready now!!! Who did a chat?! Gully side we a action pack Nuh cuss cuss, nuh lip lip nuh parrot Gully side we a action pack I'm ready now!!! Who did a chat?! Di Gully side full a action pack Nuh beat 'round di bush, nuh go 'way and come back Right now we a action pack [Verse Two: Mavado] Well anyday dem tink dem can diss mi Mi mek Jamaica fi rewrite history Yuh nuh teach upon dem ends and sail off like a frisbee Di fire furnace tun up until it buck and leff dem crispy So serious now don't even smile at my own jokes Nuh beat di cotton paper yo clashin is fah old folks Now I'm dealin wid, diamonds and gold I'm at di cold coast I'm fuckin yuh girl YEAH I'm countin my own strokes [Chorus: Mavado] I'm ready now!!! Who did a chat?! Gully side we a action pack Nuh cuss cuss, nuh lip lip nuh parrot Gully side we a action pack I'm ready now!!! Who did a chat?! Di Gully side full a action pack Nuh beat 'round di bush, nuh go 'way and come back Right now we a action pack [Verse Three: Mavado] Dem a seh mi live a farin and mi nah come back Have a house pon di hill dem seh mi cyaan dun dat Mi nuh listen pussyface, draws teeth and tongue cat Any muma bloodclaat violate a gunshot Mama tell mi seh son beg yuh please keep a calma I'm gettin old and mi cyaan tek di drama Yeah but who sell mi out a informa I see death 'round di corna mi nuh leff mi llama Right now!!! Mi a strike Ginga From a trigga press, mi have a sticky finga Mi nuh gyal, mi nuh carry pretty finga 12 Gauge fell it buss fling fem thru winda [Chorus: Mavado] A chat dem a chat, yap dem a yap Gully side we action pack We nuh cuss cuss we nuh wear frack Gully side we a action pack Tell dem anyting, a anyting Any DJ any sing Any vocal every strip  Fi rise 'gainst God is a heavy sin Artist: DJ Khaled f/ Ace Hood, Birdman, Kendrick Lamar, Mack Maine Album: Kiss the Ring * Song: B-Boyz Typed by: newos_crib_is@hotmail.com * iTunes bonus track; originally appeared on the Birdman & Mack Maine mixtape "Billionaire Minds" [DJ Khaled] Yeah, it's We the Best It's Y.M.C.M.B. One time for Top Dawg Entertainment [Kendrick Lamar] Talk about it, make 'em talk about it Life to me is currency, prosperity, I got it And your life to me is lifeless like it's living on life support I license everything in my wallet, lightest boy with the biggest heart Nigga play your part, or parallel park your ego next to me and violence Next to me is definitely no one, I'm one of one And I must have won that from anybody who had it, or better yet forgot it Mack in the back of a 'Lac with a MAC in the back of a 'Lac with a latch on the back of the trunk Hit a punk in the back with a pump in the back till he's off balance And I'm back in the front of the front of the future where you are mentioning talent And I'm back in the back of the block where the cop wanna cop anybody's allowance Iraq on the block G, watch with a Glock or whatever hand-cut, no cup, more guns, more guts Fuck boy, you fucked up twice, you fucked considering you drowning Die in a lake with a date with a catfish, backflip, headfirst, smiling Cry in the face of Jesus, we just pray we keep on styling on you bitches, T.D.E., Y.M.C.M.B. bidness bitch [Ace Hood] Ace Hood Birdman, what they do big dog? Mack Maine, what's cracking folk? Big money Okay, nigga riding in a Maybie, and I'm probably with Baby Don't talk nigga, fuck you, pay me, intercept your bitch like Bailey Okay, big money on this side, hundred grand for the whip my bitch drive Need a new safe, money getting too high, dead presidents all in my Levi's Boy I swear this nigga be swagging, and I'm living lavish Might cop me an Aston, Martin on 'em Anything I drive, I own 'em, bad bitch and that ass ain't normal Gotta put that pound game on her, beat it up, she deep in a coma I'm super paid, two shows a day My Rollie gold, no time to waste What it do Berg? My fucking brother Keep that pistol by me like my lovely momma Hot as the summer, cold as the winter Stay on them charts, I heard that they plotting my timber Young nigga, got a lot of flows Any nigga don't believe me? I make it look easy, easy, out of control [Birdman] Just like that boy Death forbids honor, you understand me? Dedication, respect, fully-loaded, yeah Box full of choppers, hand on the trigger Uptown gangster, get it how we get it 3rd Ward soldier, suicide rider Militant minded, hundred mill on the counter Hand Persian rug nigga, flame on the Bugatti Christian Louboutin, Chanel for my models Higher than Bugatti nigga, fishing on the fish scales Nose diving for them hundreds, strapped up making mail Fr-fresher than I've been before Higher than we ever been, shining on them twenty-fours Junior doing time hoe On the grind hoe, while he doing time hoe [Mack Maine] Ya know, that time is money, and money still was made baby Eight months ain't stop nothing nigga It's like jail was third base, and my lil' nigga still came home, ya understand? Yeah, I'm from the hood where bitches hold coke in they baby diapers That's why when the babies grow up, damn they be like us I came a long ways from rhyming up in crazy ciphers Man I'm so happy my lil' brother came home from Rikers Shout out to B.P., Thugga, Flow and Fayle, boy My flow Lucifer, I spit hell boy My heart numb, ain't no pain I can't withstand And I hold my niggas down boy, like a kickstand (Young Money) Get off my nuts, stop acting like a bitch fam Lil' nigga finish puberty, grow ya own dick, damn I went from watching time fly on Earl and Red porch to cruising through the streets of Miami in a red Porsche Me and Stunna fly, we should join the Air Force Stand up niggas, what the fuck you brought them chairs for? I went from making money from people with crack habits to thanking God I'm in a whole 'nother tax bracket, amen The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DJ Khaled f/ Busta Rhymes, Diddy, Fabolous, Fat Joe, Jadakiss, Nicki Minaj, Rick Ross, Swizz Beatz, T-Pain Album: All I Do Is Win 12" Song: All I Do Is Win (Remix) Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com, Gemini_20502K@Yahoo.com, kirenamloh@msn.com  [Khaled] D, J, Khaled! ['Kiss] AH-HAHHH! [Swizz] Showtime! [Khaled] This the remix [T-Pain] Hey! Yeah [Khaled] We the best! [Chorus: T-Pain] + (Swizz Beatz) All I do is win win win no matter what Got money on my mind (yeah) I can never get enough (right) Whenever me and Khaled do the remix (what's up?) Everybody hands go UP! (Ay, SHOWTIME!) And they stay there (bounce) and they say yeah (right) And they stay there (right) up down up down up down Cause all I do is WIN, WIN, WIN And if you goin in put yo' hands in the air (c'mon!) Make 'em stay there! [DJ Khaled] + (T-Pain) We the Best music DJ Khaled, I'm goin in! Sittin on the top flo', what you think I'm hot fo'? Every summer drop mo' hits to make my stock go (UP!) Them hands go (UP!) Them fans go (UP!) I'm #1 in this bitch and I'ma (STAY THERE!) We the best of the best, grind while you haters asleep I'm yellin "Free Weezy," I rep the heart of the streets Who hotter than me? Khaled! I'm wearin the crown And we can't stop, won't stop, GO HATE ON ME NOW! [Rick Ross] Teflon Don! I can never get enough when it comes to gettin 'fetti Niggaz ain't ready for my Ferrari Scaglietti Mario Andretti, money comin fast My honeycomb hideout is made of all glass I can never be a racist; wake up every morning  just to count white faces, Neo in +The Matrix+ Glorious as Morpheus, employed all warriors  I'm mean as a scorpion, Dr. Kevorkian [Busta Rhymes] + (T-Pain) FIRE AND BRIMSTONE!!!!! Yeah! Everytime I come you gotta know a nigga come to get alot of money when I'm in the buildin and I come Said a ain't no motherfuckin body BETTER BETTER BETTER BETTER!!!! Uh-huh, ok, niggaz know I got it when I hit you with the pitter-patter Whenever they see me then you hear alot of chitter-chatter Niggaz know there ain't nobody BETTER BETTER BETTER BETTER!!!! I watch alot of niggaz when I'm in the cut {HUH!!!} So sick when I come and hit 'em in the gut {OH!!!} You will crown me king (No matter what!) Get 'em!!! Ok let's shine my friend, get up on my grind again Some niggaz should be happy that I chose to rhyme with them CAUSE!!!!! [Diddy] Aiyyo turn me up man, I want 'em to hear me Aiyyo check this out.. Her heart racing like she snort cocaine (c'mon) I got a billion reasons you should know my whole name {DIDDY}  Got the most paper, Mr. New York Times I'm a natural born winner, nigga New York MINE'S! (Mine!) Everybody gettin money, but I cop the first six (uh-huh) Now I run the game so I toss the first pitch (yeah) Yeah I let you wife her, but she's still my first bitch (that's MY bitch!) It's less than nine digits - nigga THAT ain't fuckin rich, motherfucker! [Nicki Minaj] Uhh, aiyyo all I do is win, ain't that the reason that you really mad? Undisputed, hailin all the way from Trinidad I ain't mad ma, I see you on your bummy swag I'm in that money green Jag, lotta money bags I told Khaled you the best but I'm the bestest Better run for cover if your name is on my checklist You could talk slick, all the way down to the welfare Ask the IRS bitch, I'm payin for your healthcare [Fabolous] LOOK!!! I'ma make this here official, let me clear some issues First off I am not for Brittney Spears initials That's no B.S., at yo' request Lean back you and yo' crew, Fat Joe, T.S. Yeah it's Young Funeral, all black on me So act like summer's over, and fall back homey Winnin is all I do, I'll answer all of you But y'all ain't sayin shit, like prank callers do [Jadakiss] Uhh, uhh, uhh Win, win, win, AH-HAHHH! Uhh, yeah, yo It's already proven I got them birds movin All I do is win, I'm allergic to losin Yellow gold Cuban, nine-mill' ruegin I'll show you what to do with 'em, finish 'em I'm through with 'em They 'gon have to jump me, it's 'gon take a few of them They don't want no problems, they might end up suing them Disassociate yourself, have nothin to do with them We already got it yeah, we tryin to get two of them AH-HAHHH! [Fat Joe] Yeah! Yo... I just blew trial, Crack lots' is Little Italy Your wife, she a screamer, yellin, "Slow down Joe, you killin me!" Beat her like a prize fight, mami I'm a rude boy Dude just hit the Powerball, everyday a new toy  Nigga it's a stick up, a motherfuckin robbery I done did some things that have Haitian Jack proud of me Ridin through Harlem (Harlem!) me and Jeezy pardon me Puffy surfin on the hood for niggaz that keep doubtin me The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DJ Khaled f/ Akon Album: Cocaine Cowboy (S) Song: Cocaine Cowboy Typed by: AZ Lyrics [Intro: DJ Khaled] We the best DJ Khaled We global We the greatest Let's go Ayo joc got us Akon Konvict music This is? live [Chorus: Akon] Watch yourself or get tookout This world ain't safe Anyday this might be your last day As a cocaine cowboy (cowboy) As a cocaine cowboy (cowboy) And the cops on the lookout Each n every day Workin with dem snitches Endin' up another raid On a cocaine cowboy (cowboy) On a cocaine cowboy (cowboy) On a cocaine cowboy (cowboy) [Verse 1: Akon] Some stone cold killers With a pocket full of triggers Here to terrorize your town boy Considered to be the realist Of all the other dealers He's a cocaine cowboy See they causin' a lot of havic In movin a lot of traffic From the white to the brown boy N they willin' to get down Put you up in the crown Where you can't be found boy Just so you know they will Connect that n they won't be disrespected Movin things by the pound boy So if you want it you get get it Just be heading south bound n [Chorus: Akon] Watch yourself or get tookout This world ain't safe Anyday this might be your last day As a cocaine cowboy (cowboy) As a cocaine cowboy (cowboy) And the cops on the lookout Each n every day Workin with dem snitches Endin' up another raid On a cocaine cowboy (cowboy) On a cocaine cowboy (cowboy) On a cocaine cowboy (cowboy) [Verse 2: Akon] N if your lookin out you might See em creepin round your way Steady spreadin it around boy N before you know it Whole nieghborhood got j's Searchin round for that cowboy They gon get it, it's? waitin For his share boats rockin by The docks filled with hundred Dollar bills bout to be there Livin right across the water to His place straight to a cowboy N unload it on the spot Pay a couple? just to watch [?] keep it movin cause they Ain't got time on the clock All it takes is one fuck up Somebody gets popped [Chorus: Akon] Watch yourself or get tookout This world ain't safe Anyday this might be your last day As a cocaine cowboy (cowboy) As a cocaine cowboy (cowboy) And the cops on the lookout Each n every day Workin with dem snitches Endin' up another raid On a cocaine cowboy (cowboy) On a cocaine cowboy (cowboy) On a cocaine cowboy (cowboy) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DJ Khaled f/ Jay-Z, Kanye West, T-Pain Album: Go Hard 12" Song: Go Hard (Remix) Typed by: BurnsideBadboy1985@yahoo.com [Jay-Z] I'm a bad M-a-r-c-y P-r-o-j-e-c-t Ain't no other motherfucker in the rap game harder than me I go hard and get it in like a porn star Follow my moves you wanna make it to the top I'm on star For new born stars Even when the camera stop I'ma hundred million dollar movie handle my cock Big homie from the back block When you first learn how to slap box Then you even learn how to dribble the pill Or to hand the pot, bring it back rock Number one rule if your ass get popped Don't try to box to the Matlock Death before dishonor I'ma honor the code they created Number 2 Rule and it might sound rude but yep... fuck you pay me I drown my pain in porsches I lost my partner to the bullshit Still tryna hold on to my religion so I put a couple diamonds in the crosses Close your eyes see the darkness That's what it's like where I'm from No lawyers no doctors So either I go the hardest Or I could just call this a night on dark nights its like I see better on Dark Knights I'm like Heath Ledger Even if I overdose on drugs Motherfuckers can't kill my buzz Wait I ain't done I'ma freestyle this Khaled let it run What's the hardest county in the Yayo Cause ima go harder then they go I'ma go harder than Baltimore Philly gone say they can't touch the boy Where you at Duval? I'ma go harder than you all Harder than New York Turn the pro tunes in the booth off I'ma go harder than Ye go And Ye go hard That's baby bro Put some more beat on that joint  If you could you would get rid of me  What you gonna do when a nigga got to go hard  But I wont let you get to me  You should already figure imma go hard  If you were as real as me  You would never let another nigga step in yo yard Makin money ain't shit to me  This in my veins and it gets to my heart  So I am, I will , I gots to go  You got another way to live you gots to go on  I am gettin it in until the end I got to go, go, go , go hard [Kayne] I ain't ever been scurred  Never been a type to bite my words  When I came up ya'll gave me shit  Now I'm gunna make ya'll eat them terds  Always said what the fuck I felt  Gon head spit that murder I wrote  Man I dont care what what you felt fuck you nigga I know I'm dope  Dope like I'm comin to get my all  Felt like I had to play the fly on the wall  Felt like niggas was stuntin on me  Funny how I'm flyer then them all  Now I'm at the top ain't know where to go now  Instead of me she gon go down  Maybe I would of slowed down if I knew what I know now  I'm stupid, yeah I know I'm dumb It could get fuckin old but its good I'm young  But my heart get cold as the hood I'm from  Tell me what it take to be numba one  I guess its gon be what its gon be  But heres one thing ya'll got to hear  Imma tell you like george bush told me  Fuck ya'll niggas I'm out of here  If you could you would get rid of me  What you gonna do when a nigga got to go hard  But I wont let you get to me  You should already figure imma go hard  If you were as real as me  You would never let another nigga step in yo yard  Makin money ain't shit to me  This in my veins and it gets to my heart  So I am, I will , I gots to go  You got another way to live you gots to go on  I am gettin it in until the end I got to go, go, go, go hard The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DJ Khaled & E-Class f/ Billy Blue Album: DJ Khaled & E-Class Present Live From the 305 Song: Fresh From Head to Toe Typed by: flawdapimp@gmail.com (INTRO-BILLY BLUE) AYE... (6x repeat) I'm fresh, from head to toe Real nigga in the building See me glow? (hey) Bartender let me get another hundred I'm gunna show these niggas how a real nigga stuntin (hey) (HOOK/CHOROUS-BILLY BLUE) Bartender let me get another hundred (another hundred) Real niggas in here straight stuntin (stright stuntin) I do it (I do it) I dose it (I dose it) What it is (what it is) We thugin (ohhh) Fresh from head to toe Trap boys on the set don't you see my glow? (straight stuntin) I do it (I do it) I dose it (I dose it) What it is (what it is) We thugin (ohhh) Fresh from head to toe Real nigga in the building don't you see my glow? (wooaahhh) (VERSE 1-BILLY BLUE) One time real niggas in the building (in the building) More Money (more money) More Millions (more millions) Two times for the hoes shaking ass (shaking ass) You see I'm piad, Imma throw you up a stack (up a stack) One time for the boy Billy Blue (blue) The truth in the booth (booth) Let me get the goose (heyy) Bartender, I need more ones (ones) Throwin that money in the air Showing them where I'm from (where your from) Two times for the haters on the set (set) It never been a problem, sticks on deck (agh!, what it iiiiisss?) One time for a nigga connect (huh) Who made the young boy king of the pyrex (holla at me) (HOOK/CHOROUS-BILLY BLUE) Bartender let me get another hundred (another hundred) Real niggas in here straight stuntin (stright stuntin) I do it (I do it) I dose it (I dose it) What it is (what it is) We thugin (ohhh) Fresh from head to toe Trap boys on the set don't you see my glow? (straight stuntin) I do it (I do it) I dose it (I dose it) What it is (what it is) We thugin (ohhh) Fresh from head to toe Real nigga in the building don't you see my glow? (wooaahhh) (VERSE 2-BILLY BLUE) ?????? Just know your boy bad (boy bad) No pressure, I'm coming with more facts (more facts) Face good, I'm looking for more sex (more sex) New connects, I'm on that trap (that trap) Pussy niggas tryin to slander my name (uhh) I laugh like ha, ha-haaaaaaaa (I'm on game) I saw, I conquered as soon as a nigga came (I came) I'm fire like I ain't changed (listen) No time to waste, I'm bout bread (get bread) The rest could be broke or dead (tell em) One time for my niggas in the feds (feds) Getting that money till they layed to bed (agh!, what it iiiiisss?) (HOOK/CHOROUS-BILLY BLUE) Bartender let me get another hundred (another hundred) Real niggas in here straight stuntin (stright stuntin) I do it (I do it) I dose it (I dose it) What it is (what it is) We thugin (ohhh) Fresh from head to toe Trap boys on the set don't you see my glow? (straight stuntin) I do it (I do it) I dose it (I dose it) What it is (what it is) We thugin (ohhh) Fresh from head to toe Real nigga in the building don't you see my glow? (aaayyyeee) (VERSE 3-BILLY BLUE) It's back to business (ok) And money makes me more ignorant (ignorant) These bitches saying damn that nigga just shining (shine) And me I say damn it's the Poe Boy grind (for real) That real nigga shit I talk I tell a bitch step on straight raw (straight raw) These niggas hoes flaw (flaw) They ain't ever been "G" ("G!") I'm on that shit, tell them get like me (What it iiiiiisss?) (HOOK/CHOROUS-BILLY BLUE) Bartender let me get another hundred (another hundred) Real niggas in here straight stuntin (stright stuntin) I do it (I do it) I dose it (I dose it) What it is (what it is) We thugin (ohhh) Fresh from head to toe Trap boys on the set don't you see my glow? (straight stuntin) I do it (I do it) I dose it (I dose it) What it is (what it is) We thugin (ohhh) Fresh from head to toe Real nigga in the building don't you see my glow? (wooaahhh) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DJ Khaled f/ Future, Nicki Minaj & Rick Ross Album: Suffering From Success Song: I Wanna Be With You Typed by: Cedmaster3K [Intro: Future] + (DJ Khaled) It ain't never me to ball on you (hustlers) It ain't never for me to spoil you (another one) If I adore you, I'mma give you that theory (We The Best Music, DJ KHALED!) Yeah-yeah, yeah; I wanna be with you, I wanna be with you I wanna be with you, I wanna be with you {*3X*} [Nicki Minaj] {*raps*} I wanna be where the commas will be but I need a hood nigga with the llama degree Get the limited edition, Audemars, it could be in a pivotal position, gotta pardon the fee Cause he bought a couple bags and he sent a couple whips and he took a couple trips, then its dinner and a Myx And he's never with no other bitch, fronting like he's slick cause it's levels to this shit and she could never be Nic Niggas be fallin' in love with this pussy, mean stew chicken, and bake him a couple of cookies Dick on veteran, ain't fucking with rookies, shot the High School video now he wanna play hookie Baddest bitch, I'm the catalyst, ain't never been done, bitch I added this Nah, I ain't gotta shoot, I got mad assists, 'bout to put a couple pieces on the mannequin Got a big billboard out in Madison at the Trump, and you bitches at the Radisson Got the .22 on me, and it's thin; shoot movies, Jennifer Aniston {*sings*} You decide you'll be mine you can come inside You the type that can make me prioritize Hittin' my phone, it's alright Hittin' my phone, it's alright You reply, what's your sign? You're a Gemini You deny that you're shy, maybe we should slide? I wanna be with you I wanna be with you, baby [Chorus: Future] Ballin' on you too easy, splurgin' on you too easy Buyin' purses too easy, payin' bills too easy I wanna be with you, I wanna be with you {*4X*} Ballin' on you too easy, splurgin' on you too easy Buyin' cars too easy, poppin' bottles too easy I wanna be with you, I wanna be with you Everything you do is brand new (it's brand new-ew-ew) [Rick Ross] Uhh... {M-M-M-Maybach Music} Make that bad bitch my shorty, hit the club, throw forty My hat big like Unk, my chain drip like water Car paint like tar, I'mma sex her harder Bitch let go my hand gave you the keys as soon as I bought it Voom, voom, oh yeah, big bank, I'm too real My money right in them boys you with be dead broke, two years Checked it, look her, you ain't even know, big deal On site, act right, I shop hard, pack light That ho chick gets you no play, all I talk is cocaine White tee and these rope chains, blow the roof back - Kurt Cobain Phantom cost like four dollar, flo' seats, hoes holla Underground with this pimp shit so smoke one for Port Arthur [Outro: DJ Khaled] + (Future) Suffering From Success You witnessing greatness.. I'm the best that ever did it; I wanna be with you (I wanna be with you, I wanna be with you) {*4X*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DJ Khaled f/ Drake, Lil Wayne, Rick Ross Album: Suffering From Success Song: No New Friends * Typed by: AZ Lyrics * first single [Chorus: Drake] Stay down with my day one niggaz, and we in the club screaming No new friends, no new friends, no new friends Still here with my day one niggaz, so you hear me say No new friends, no new friends, no new friends I still ride with my day one niggaz, I don't really need No new friends, no new friends, no new friends I stay down from day one I say fuck all y'all niggaz Except my niggaz fuck y'all niggaz Except my Niggaz one more time Fuck y'all niggaz Except my niggaz Stay down from one day [Verse 1: Drake] Man this shit so ill that we had to restart it H-town my second home like I'm James Harden Money counter go brrr when you selling out the garden Four car garage, pornstar minaj Birdman go brrr cause he know this shit retarded Fuck her on the floor before we make it to the bed Switch your ass really comes started from the bottom, yes lord OVO sound man I'm proud of my niggaz, Knew we would make it never doubted my niggaz All my bitches love me If I had a baby mama she would probably be richer then a lot of you niggaz That's luxury dawg, day one niggaz you're stuck with me dawg Ever since Youtube niggaz been calling me the leader of the new school Fuck with me dawg, yeah [Verse 2: Rick Ross] Your bitch all in my photographs, ho niggaz got hate for me Big homies all certified, nothing niggaz gon' take from me Follow codes, study game, feed fam nigga fuck fame All black my whip foreign, these bad hoes keep tiptoeing Down in turks and caicos, dope boy that's my dress code All I hug is blood nigga, Khaled that's my flesh though All I want is love nigga, money bring that stress though Smoke good I love life, strip club like every night Every night my same niggaz day one straight menace [Verse 3: Lil Wayne] I'm here with my niggaz, I'm too hot to be friendly They throw dirt on my name, well that's why they still dig me And I'm tired of all this hating, I thank God for my patience I thank God for my homies I wish we could trade places Bitch we good fellas, boy all them niggaz with you they just Paul bearers and if we ball catch us Remember sip slow, live fast Young Money stay young I been Cash Money since day one Tunechi The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DJ Khaled f/ Ace Hood, French Montana, Mavado Album: Suicidal Thoughts (Remix) (S) Song: Suicidal Thoughts (Remix) Typed by: Gemini_20502K@Yahoo.com [Intro: Mavado] (DJ Khaled) (*French Montana)  AHHH!!! (This the remix! Suicidal remix!!!!) AHHH!!! (Mavado!) Yeah! (French Montana!) (*Montana!) (Ace Hood!) Gully God!!! (This the worldwide remix!!!) From Kingston! (Kingston Jamaica! Palestine! Morocco! We worldwide with this!) (It's DJ Khaled! The streets greatest hits!) (*HA!) ('Cause We The Best music! Bow down!)  [Chorus: Mavado] (French Montana) So suicidal! First they ever seen this! Gangsta for life! The realest!!! So suiciddddeeeee!!!! First they ever seen this! Gangsta for life! (HA!) The Realest! [Verse One: French Montana] Realest in the game, silly with the aim (HA!) Nigga fly to death, kill me on the plane (WOO!) I did it for my town and I ain't do it for the bread It ain't about nigga heavy is the head (HA!) I see my dreams fade like Fat Joe's weight It was hard in them back blocks, dark for the have nots (HA!) My homey turned a hundred grand twenty five bricks (P!) 'Caught doin a hundred gave him twenty five Shit! Fuck boys now ring from your do' step (HA!) I seen niggas hang it up, cold check (AH!) Shorty said what's in the dark come to light Tell that bitch pay her light bill (HA!) My life real (MONTANA!!!!) [Chorus: Mavado] So suicidal! First they ever seen this! Gangsta for life! The realest!!! So suiciddddeeeee!!!! First they ever seen this! Gangsta for life! The Realest! (WELLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!) [Verse Two: Ace Hood] I'm the flyest I suppose, suicide flows Lambo wide invented doors suicide doors Kill 'em with the swag in some shit you can't afford From '98 Accords to chorus on billboards No more shoppin in stores it's meetings with Tom Ford Pretty women on board your bored they so adored Gangstas to the core put four g's out on the porch Know some jamaican killers with choppers and C4 Yeah we are the hottest like satan my correspondent Yeah I know the pilot the meanin of flyin private Yeah a nigga shinin my presidential with diamonds Call that my Obama, pistol for mo' drama whoa!  [Chorus: Mavado] So suicidal! First they ever seen this! Gangsta for life! The realest!!! So suiciddddeeeee!!!! First they ever seen this! Gangsta for life! The Realest! [Verse Three: Mavado] God if your with me! Show the lighters let me know! Lighters let me know! You know! Hands in the sky if your with me! It's the Gullyside life you know! You know! You know! Real niggas on di corna, catch me if you can AK, with the clip the banana You don't wanna fuck around I will bring ya drama Hot like a sauna middle east Osama (OH OH OH!!!) Only if your realer with me! Suicide on dead road! No mercy on the streets! Incase you never know [Chorus: Mavado] So suicidal! First they ever seen this! Gangsta for life! The realest!!! So suiciddddeeeee!!!! First they ever seen this! Gangsta for life! The Realest! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DJ Khaled f/ Kanye West Album: Theraflu (S) Song: Theraflu Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro: Kanye West] + (DJ Khaled) Uhh... can the headphones go louder? (KANYE WEST~!!) Yeah Swag King Cole (DJ KHALED~!!) [Chorus: Kanye West] Can't a young nigga get money anymore? Tell PETA my mink is draggin on the floor Can I have a bad bitch without no flaws come to meet me, without no drawers? [Kanye West] Dinner with Anna Wintour, racing with Anja Rubik I told you muh'fuckers it was more than the music In the projects one day, to +Project Runway+ We done heard all that loud-ass talkin, we're used to it I'm from where shorties fucked up, double-cupped up Might even kill somebody and YouTube it To whoever think they words affect me is too stupid And if you can do it better than me, then you do it [Bridge] We flyer than a parakeet, floatin with no parachute Six thousand dollar pair of shoes, we made it to the Paris news! Don't talk about style cause I embarrass you Shut the fuck up when you talk to me 'fore I embarrassed you [Kanye West] And the whole industry want to fuck your old chick Only nigga I got respect for is Wiz And I'll admit, I had fell in love with Kim around the time she had fell in love with him Well that's cool, baby girl, do your thang Lucky I ain't had Jay drop him from the team La Familia, Roc Nation We in the buildin, we still keep it basement [Bridge] [Kanye West] G.O.O.D. Music, we fresh, we fresh Anything else, we detest, detest Bitch-ass niggaz got ass and breasts All that said, lemme ask this quest [Kanye West] Don't talk to me 'bout style, nigga I'll muh'fuckin embarrass you Talking 'bout clothes, I'll muh'fuckin embarrass you Hollerin 'bout some hoes, I'll muh'fuckin embarrass you Way too cold, I promise you need some Theraflu [Outro] (Uh, uh, uh, uh, uh) Get the Theraflu (Uh, uh-uh, uh-uh, uh) Get the Theraflu (Uh, uh-uh, uh-uh, uh, uh-uh, uh-uh) (Uh, uh-uh, uh-uh uh) Get the Theraflu This Chicago nigga; Southside we in this bitch Eastside crazy, blow that loud! Low End, 39th, The Ickies 47th Street, Brownfield Park 79th, Stoney Island, K-Town, the Wild 100's This Chi-Town, Drum City, The Village Harvey World, Opa-Locke, 64th Normal 64th and King Drive whattup? 83rd Tatters Grove, The Gardens This Chicago nigga! Dearborns, the 55th Cabrini Greens, Terror Town, Westside Harper Town this Chicago! Monster to the Ida B. Wells New York City, Atlanta, London Town Chi wreck full of noise, it's DJ Ferris Fuck around and get embarrassed The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DJ Khaled f/ Akon, Lil' Kim, R. Kelly, T-Pain, Young Jeezy Album: We Takin' Over (Remix) 12" Song: We Takin' Over (Remix) Typed by: ericavon00@hotmail.com [R. Kelly] + (Akon Talking) D-DJ Khaled!!! D-DJ Khaled!!! and Kels!!!!! D-DJ Khaled!! (Ohhhhh) D-DJ Khaled!!! (Konvict Muzik!!) Kels!! Akon!!! (Yeahh) The Remix!!! [R. Kelly] Listen!! All dressed up... ready to go!! All shined up... ready to glow!! Drop that top... ready to roll! Up in the club... ready to ho! Gimee that mic man I'm ready to flow! Kels takin ova bitch fo sho! Pop champagne ready for patrol! Fire that purple up ready to blow! Ima tell you like it is young fella Stay in your place where it be's young fella Singin ain't all I do young fella So keep it movin right along young fella!! Dont-Dont get mad cause-cause-cause Kels got girls showin him much-much L Akon tell 'em why we go excel... [Chorus: Akon] Cause We Takin Ova!! One city at a time! Said We Takin Ova!! One city at a time! Said We Takin Ova!! One city at a time! Said We Takin Ova!! One city at a time! [T-Pain] It used to be me 8-5-0 Ridge road and fiiiiiiiiiiiive hundred dollars ye-ye-ye-ye-yes TS we be the best we dress to impress with a sean john collar holla if you hear me, bad man coming fire come out, sugar man runnin gunnin, rubbin, push it to the limit of receipt finnin to jump off, jump it (ha) bad man again I'm the numba one shotta test the best get your whole block shot up this is why we hot get your whole block hotta like ha ha ha ha! I'm the man right now homey wait your turn you can't buy the shit that I earn trust me you don't wanna feel the burn like... ...hey hey hey hey hey!! [Lil' Kim] What that do bitch?!?! I got what you need Kim give it to you real The highs and the lows however you wanna feel You want that night out?I got that night grill You want that matrix?then choose the right pill fuck I think I do this shit for my health? same clothes every week and yall ain't seein my wealth on the low.i keep a bankroll like (Fresh!) cocktail dress by John Galiano in a restaraunt owned by Taliano's I'm a boss bitch my last name should be Soprano switchin up phones so them boys can't follow they tryin to lead me to the old adress I left a note too and ain't been back since I'm in a new state, a new place with new plates shit damn near a new face so by the time they try to build them a new case I'm gone like yesterday - what? [Young Jeezy] Look - I am the streets real niggas shit and thats word to meet you she like my wrist so she follow the rainbow now I'm switchin lanes she tryin to follow the lambo Can't keep up bitch follow the Range Rove' but be cool cause my goons in there and a couple of guns and a couple of clips and a couple of K's and a couple of bricks and then I throw it in the pot now what the fuck that cook like? Mark Jacobs don't know what the fuck I look like Hey -this a remix ain't it? Just copped a new 'rarri and I just might paint it Just copped a new plane and I just might fly it Just left atlantic mall and I just might buy it Stay strapped nigga don't even try it Pockets so fat I need to go on a diet [DJ Khaled Talking] Listen!! Hears to DJ Khaled the don of data.Big dog pitbull terror squad AKA the beatin novacain AKA we the best!!!!Danger on this track!! Marcella what it does!!This is the remix!!We the best... ...  God loves me... ... Listen!!!!!! 