The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DMX  Album: It's Dark and Hell is Hot  Song: Intro  Typed by: DMXDMX@aol.com Interviewer: Yo I'm sayin, these Ruff Ryder Niggas.   DMX: Dog Interviewer: I heard these niggas is for real   DMX: Dog. That's my man and them  Interviewer: But I heard these Niggas is like     suppose to be lockin down the industry on     some shit, on some power shit.    DMX: Dog that's my mans and them  Interviewer: Eh    DMX: So what I'm doin' Interviewer: right, right   DMX: my mans and them is doin, because Interviewer: right.   DMX: that's my mans and them, ya know Interveiwer: I feel ya   DMX: Now ya feel me? Interveiwer: I feel ya   DMX: So you know when you fuckin with me Interveiwer: right, right   DMX: you fuckin wit Interveiwer: oh oh, what are ya doin now? DMX:  Told y'all niggaz Ya just don't listen Why must you be hard headed Tried to explain, but ya didn't hear me though Ya know, grrrrrr Uh  One two one two, come through run through  Gun who, oh you don’t know what the gun do  Some do, those that know are real quiet  Let me think you wanna try it, fuck around and start a riot  Niggas gonna buy it, regardless because I’m the hardest rap artist and I'ma start this  Shit up foreal, get up and feel, my words  I make herbs split up and squeal  Ill is all I’ve been hearin lately  Niggaz hate me, wanna duck tape me and make me  put their brains on the wall, when I brawl  Too late for that 911 call  Niggaz stay beefin but a lot of them bluffin  But not me because I'ma nigga that can get out of them cuffs  You think a lot of them tough  Not just for frotin  When I hit them niggaz like 'What you want?' the battle turns into a hunt  With the dog right behind niggaz chasin em down  We all knew that you was pussy  but I'm tastin it now  And never give a dog blood  because raw blood  I have a dog like one bitin whatever  All up in ya gut  Give it to them raw like that  and ain't no love I do em all like that  Four right up in they back  Clak Clak  Close your eyes baby, it's over  Forget it, happened in front off your buildin but  nobody knows who did it  What  Where my dogs at?  What what  Where my dogs at?  Uh  Where my dogs at?  What what  Where my dogs at?  Uh  Where my dogs at?  What what  Where my dogs at?  Uh  Where my dogs at?  What what  Niggas is pussy  Keep me runnin from the werewolf, owww  Howling at the moon on the roof  Eh, ah, no, get em  Ten niggas on him, hope God's with him  Give me the bat, let me split him  I'll have em where the pillow and the casket won't fit him  Only reason I did him, he wouldn't fight back  Trieed to strike back  Left him like that, layin up with the white hat  Gettin right back at ya when I snatch ya  up out the grave, nuthin but bones and ashes  Hittin niggaz with gashes to the head  Straight to the white meat but the street stay red  But this girl gave me head for free  Cause they see, who I'ma be by like 2003  That Nigga D took it there  He thought it was a joke  He went through like 20 G's and thought that  I was broke, stupid  That's what you get for thinkin and eventually  found that's what you get for stinkin  Blowin up the spot when you rot  plus if it gets hot they know you dipped  for four squared blocks  Hit em with the ox to the grill  Eh, ah, kill nigga kill  Yet still they don't know I'ma rob who  That dog DMX is a muthafuckin problem  Aight The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DMX Album: It's Dark and Hell is Hot Song: Ruff Ryder's Anthem Typed by: kid2001@earthlink.net DMX: Somethin' new  Chorus(2x):  Stop, drop, shut 'em down open up shop  Oh, no  That's how Ruff Ryders roll  DMX:  Niggaz wanna try, niggaz wanna lie  Then niggaz wonder why, niggaz wanna die  All I know is pain  All I feel is rain  How can I maintain, with madd shit on my brain  I resort to violence, my niggaz move in silence  Like you don't know what are style is  New York niggaz the wildest  My niggaz is wit' it  You want it? come and get it  Took it then we split it  You fuckin' right we did it  What the fuck you gonna do, when we run up on you  fuckin' wit' the wrong crew, don't know what we goin' thru  I'ma have ta show niggaz how easily we blow niggaz  When you find out there's somemore niggas, that's runnin with your niggaz  Nothin' we can't handle, break it up and dismantle, light it up like a candle  just cause I can't stand you  Put my shit on tapes, like you bussin' grapes  Think you holdin weight? Then you haven't met the Apes  Chorus(2x)  Is ya'll niggaz crazy? I'll buss you and be swazy Stop actin' like a baby, mind your business lady  Nosy people get it too, when you see me spit at you  you know I'm tryin' ta get rid of you  Ya I know it's pitiful  That's how niggaz get down  Watch why niggaz spit round  Make ya'll niggaz kiss ground, just for talkin' shit clown  Oh you think it's funny then you don't know me money  It's about to get ugly, fuck it dog I'm hungry  I guess you know what that mean, come up off that green  Five niggaz or a fiend, don't make it a murder scene  Give a dog a bone, leave a dog alone let a dog roam and he'll find his way home Home of the brave, my home is a cage  and yo I'ma slave til' my home is a grave  I'ma pull paper, it's all about the papers  Bitches talkin' paper then how they wanna rape us  Chorus(2x)  Look what you dun started, Asked for it, you got it  had it, should have shot it  Now your dearly departed  Get at me dog, did I rip shit with this one here I flip shit  Niggaz know when I kick shit  It's gonna be some slick shit  What was that look for, when I walked in the door  Oh you thought you was raw, boom not anymore  Cause now you on the floor, wishin you never saw me walk  through that door, with that 4 4  Now it's time for bed  Two more to the head, got the floor red  Yea that nigga's dead  Another unsolved mystery, It's goin' down in history  Niggaz ain't never did shit to me  Bitch ass niggaz can't get to me  Gots to make the move, got a point to prove  Got a make'em grove, got'em all like ooh  So to the next time, you hear this nigga ryhme  Try to keep your mind, on gettin pussy and crime  Chorus(1x) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DMX Album: It's Dark and Hell is Hot Song: Fuckin'Wit'D Typed by: yonkers_finest@goplay.com Quick Skit: -gun fire-  DMX: TALK IS CHEAP MUTHAFUCKA!!!!! Verse one: DMX: grrrrrrrrrrrrrrr........... What's on y'all niggaz minds fuckin' wit' me, y'all know somebody has told you about fuckin' wit' D, stuck in a tree is what you will be, like a cat and I'm the dog at the bottom, lookin' up what's that. Your worst nightmare is I take it right there, you got niggaz comin' where they at, right  where? I make 'em like air, floatin' away, wouldn't tell what he was thinkin' so I opened a way, Went from broken away, you know he hurt before he died, makes you wonder if he lost his shirt before he died, only two knew the answer and one of us is dead, so anyone who  seeks the truth can get it straight to head! Than you andf him can discuss what I did, yeah it was wrong dog but I slid, i'll repent one day, just not right now, you hear my shit all on the street i'm kinda hot right now! Come on! Hooks (Chorus): I DON'T GIVE A FUCK ABOUT CH'YALL NIGGAZ CAUSE Y'ALL AIN'T KILLIN' NUTTIN'!!! I DON'T GIVE A FUCK ABOUT CH'YALL NIGGAZ CAUSE Y'ALL AIN'T KILLIN' NUTTIN'!!! Verse two: I wanna break bread wit' da' katz that I starve with, wanna hit the malls with the same dogz I rob wit', wanna be able to laugh with the niggaz that I cried with, when it's over be like these is tha niggaz that I died wit'. What do you do when you find out in the hall there's a rat, what do you do when you find out that your dog is a cat,  Shit, on niggaz back, can't hold but two so while you gettin' more gatz i'm puttin wholes in you, snubnose will do, break 'em off real proppa', need to keep it' spittin' but I ain't gonna stoppa', cocka, unlocka, let 'em go, give it to his man just to let him know, All things considered it was real for' a minute, got what was yourz and tried to steal sometin' wit it, now feel sometin' hit it, your chest that is, the best that is, is probaly the best that slid, yo stress that kid! Hooks (Chorus): I DON'T GIVE A FUCK ABOUT CH'YALL NIGGAZ CAUSE Y'ALL AIN'T KILLIN' NUTTIN'!!! I DON'T GIVE A FUCK ABOUT CH'YALL NIGGAZ CAUSE Y'ALL AIN'T KILLIN' NUTTIN'!!! Verse 3: When Niggaz hear that dog bark, they betta run, when police hear that dog bark they betta come, they expect tha same thing that's live, and they lives will be lost, there is a price to pay, how many lives  will be lost, COME ON! Since I run with the devil i'm one  with the devil, I stay doin' dirt so I'm gonna come with the shovel, Hit chyou on a level of a madman who's mind's twisted, Made niggaz dreams caught the last train, mines missed it, Listed as a manic depressin' with extreme paranoya! and dog I got sometin' for ya! hear my name, feel my pain, niggaz wanna steal my fame, but first feel my reign, know what it's like to suffer, never have enough of shit, startin' off hard than only gettin' rougher! tougher, but than came the greese, so if you wanna say peace, tame the beast!..... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DMX Album: It's Dark and Hell is Hot Song: Look Thru My Eyes Typed by: Rebel-I-Outlaw@juno.com Judge not, less you be judged first Die nigga, die nigga Look thru my eyes, see what, see what I see Do as I do, be what I be Walk in my shoes, hurt your feet Then know why I do dirt in the street [DMX] Burnin in hell, but don't deserve to be Got niggas I don't even know that wanna murder me Just because they've heard of me And they know that the Dark is for real The bark is for real, when you see that spark it'll kill Be poppin, robbin and chill, take it over there bark wit' it From Ohio to Cali to Baltimore back to New York wit' it Come through flyin', a 129 Up the school street cuz I come through mine Barking my dogs, get at me nigga Arf arf arf, get at me nigga What the deal is, never forget what real is Them cats that used to say X is the best know he still is Can't help but feel this, putting goosebumps on your arms Take you there if you want but I lose chunks with the bomb Then come for the star  Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and it's getting warm Feel me yo [Chorus] - repeat 2X [DMX] I can understand why y'all niggas is scared of me And why the big dogs never wanted to play fair with me Cuz I leave blood wherever I go, wherever I flow Wherever I blow niggas who know I can go, feel me yo What is it about the Dark that gets niggas where they about to spark About to bark, take it to the heart cuz it's real like that Give him chills, but do I make him feel like that Shit is real, what you don't know is gon' getcha With the steal, what you don't know is gon' splitcha I can blaze tracks, make niggas play raps and raise stacks Payback's a bitch, didn't you used to say that? Play around in dirt, you get mud Cause you know, I can either spread love or shed blood And bloodshed turns the mud red and real sticky Or I can hit you from roof, make it a quicky For real [DMX] I bear my soul, niggas wouldn't dare, my role Gives a nigga a heart of gold but with a hole Lost all control, my shoulders hold a lot of weight Just like first I'm sold an eight, then told it's not an eight But then it's out of state, and it's too late for changes to be made That's what I get for fucking with strangers in the shade This is it, that nigga's got to give me a place For the same reason that fate, chose to give me away Take away hate, now I'm supposed to love the one that cursed me The one that wouldn't give me a cup of water when I was thirsty It was always his versus me, but now I gotta teach him Personal feelings put aside, cuz now I gotta reach him What I'd like to do is turn my head, like I don't know him But it seems like I've been called on to show him So I'ma show him And if you never met me, then you've no right to judge me I've got a good heart but this heart can get ugly [Chorus] - repeat 2X Feel the pain, feel the joy, of a man who was never a boy For real Arf arf, arf arf arf The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DMX f/ Sheek Album: It's Dark and Hell is Hot Song: Get At Me Dog Typed by: doan@netcom.ca [DMX, (Sheek)] (Yea I'm right here dog) Where my dogs at (We right here dog) Where my dogs at (I'm right here dog) [DMX] What must I go through to show you shit is real And I ain't really never gave a fuck how niggaz feel Rob then I steal, not cause I want to cause I have to And don't make me show you with the Magnum If you don't know by now then you slippin I'm on some bullshit thats got me jackin, niggaz flippin I got my man and them stay pretty like I'ma stay shitty Crimey it's all for the money is you wit me Hit the bitches, went out I could make the crime And when it's on we transform like Optimus Prime I'll form the head, roll out let's make it happen If we ain't gonna get it wit them we'll take the cap down Bust it off, gust it off on the softest niggaz Money with the biggest mouth, yo let's rob this nigga A novice nigga never made a sound Breath too fuckin hard like you gettin bust down [Hook 2X: Sheek] + (DMX) Yo, yo y'all niggaz wanna be killers (get at me dog) Y'all niggaz wanna feel us (get at me dog) Y'all niggaz want the real (Get at me dog) (Rrrrrr arf arf, what the deal) [DMX] Nowadays, Don't get to good for certain niggaz, I'm hurtin niggaz What you doin robbin niggaz, jerkin niggaz, stickin niggaz Cause they deserve it; with money got murdered They know we died slow if they heard it The nigga there blew up the spot a while and the mother fucker ain't got shot in a while And the stacks will light up, will fuck the night up blow everything in sight up fuck around and I'll have your ass right up What makes you think, you wasn't able to stand I got shit that'll disable a man with the wave of a hand The days are longer and seems like I'm wastin time I've got a lot of dreams but I'm not really chasin mine I suck it all up like a sicka fly Cause nowadays gettin' by, nothing more than an occasional meal and gettin high, I live to die, That's where I'm headed Let your man hold somethin, now it's all about you can get it [Hook] [DMX] Well in the back wit ya faggot ass face down Lucky that you breathin but you dead from the waste down The fuck is on your mind? Talkin that shit that you be talkin And I bet you wish you never got hit cause you be walkin But shit happens and fuck it, you would of did ya dirt niggaz is wonderin how the fuck you hid your skirt Right under they eyes like a surprise to the guys just one of their mans was a bitch in disguise fuckin with cats in order heads and slaughter more kids Let me hollar at you all that wanna borrow the raw shit (ah-oh!) Knahmean? I'm just robbin to eat And there's at least a thousand of us like me mobbin the street When we starve and we eat whatever's there Come on you know the code in the street, whatever's fair Blood stains and chalk, cause yo man couldn't walk After the talk, heard him out at 1133 of New York Transformin-ass niggaz'll get it quick And yo for real that nigga K {Solo} can suck my dick And it's gon' take all these niggaz in the rap game to barely move me Cause when I blow shit up I have niggaz fallin like white bitches in a scary movie AHHH! You know I don't know how to act Get too close to niggaz it's like: "Protected by Viper, stand back" What's that, a bunch of niggaz you was killers, demented Fuck you want me to do with this coward? Finish him, just end it (*EXPLOSION*) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DMX  Album: It's Dark and Hell is Hot  Song: Let Me Fly  Typed by: DMXDMX@aol.com DMX:  Uh. Yea. Uh. If you love something let it go, if it  comes back to you it's yours. If it doesn't, it never was.  Hold me down baby  Chorus(2x):  Either let me fly, or give me death  Let my soul rest, take my breath  If I don't fly I'ma die anyway, I'ma live on  but I'll be gone any day  Hold me down, niggaz wanna know me now  Didn't want ta play wit' me when to show me how  No meow  Is it all about the bark ?  Let the dog lose baby it's about to spark  Light up the night, like the 4th of July  Niggaz know, when I let go, niggaz die  wit' this Y and you don't know you slow like Baltimore  If you ain't tryin' ta go ya blow  I soke up all the pain and except it in silence  When I let go it's violence cause the wildest  leaves the dog barkin' up the tree for the cat  in the fog but ya'll niggaz see is the bat  Flappin' away wit' em blind like Stevy  Niggas don't hear me, still tryin' to see me  Stop being greedy, ya heard what I said  Let me go, let me flow on my bed  Chorus(2x)  I sold my soul to the devil, and the price was cheap  A yo it's cold on this level cause it's twice as deep  But you don't hear me, ignorance is blisning and so on  Sometimes it's better to be taught dumb  Shall I go on  You don't want no real, what the deal is a mystery  How is it I can live and make history  If you don't see it then it, wasn't ment for you to see  If you wasn't born wit' it then, it wasn't ment for you to be  But you can't blame me for not wantin' to be hound  lock down in a cell wit' a soul gettin' dwelled  This is hell, go get the devil and get me the key  but can't be worst than the curse that was given ta me  It's what I live for, you take away that and I'm gone  There's a difference between, doin' wrong and being wrong  and that ain't right  Just keep it fair baby  Put me in the year, and I'll take it there baby  Yes  Chorus(2x)  I'ma flow regardless because I'm an artist until I'm trapped  I'ma continue to hit he hardest whether I scrap or rap  Give me death but you ain't my friend  I see it in your eyes, you contemplate my end  You waitin' for that bin in the road, where you were told  that you would go, when you were old  and if you died young, it was told  So what the dilly, what it was worth  Think back 26 years, be like what of his birth  What if it was a miscarriage and I never existed  Have I given something that have been taken away you  would of missed it  Didn't know, did I persisted ?  It was the call of the wild  I'm here to say what's in my heart, and you call it a style  Don't put it in the cage, don't mistreat it  You say you hunger for knowledge, here it is eat it  Another soul completed is another thought captured  Let me do my thing I got it locked wit' this rap shit  Chorus(2x)  Or give me death, uh uh uh, or take my breath  I'ma die anyway, but I'll be gone any day  Where my niggaz ?  (3x)Uh ha ha, for my niggaz The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DMX Album: It's Dark and Hell is Hot  Song: X is Coming Typed by: kid2001@earthlink.net [Kid] 1, 2, X is comin' for you 3, 4, you better lock your door 5, 6, get your crucifix 7, 8, don't stay up late [DMX] Chorus 1, 2, X is comin' for you 3, 4, better lock your door 5, 6, get your crucifix 7, 8, don't stay up late Who's afraid of the dark? Responsible for the murders in the park When I bark, they hear the boom, but you see the spark And I seen the part of your head which used to be your face Was replaced by nothin' for bluffin', what a waste Niggaz wanna see me taste my own medicine Picture that, get on some old second grade shit, I'ma get you back Retaliate, if it hates for you to think I took a loss When all I did was shook it off Yeah, you heard me, shook it off Man, if we was up north, niggaz would have been fucked you But then we in the streets, niggaz should haven been stuck you Plucked you like a chicken wit' your head cutoff They'll find you wit' your back open and your legs cutoff And as for your man, don't you ever in your mutherfuckin' life Know when I gotta gun come at me wit' a knife, a'ight? And forgettin' you ever saw me is the best thing to do Don't give a fuck about your family, they'll be resting with you Chorus(x2) You got yourself in a predicament, that you can't get out of You already in some shit, but it's about to get hotter Fuckin' wit' a, nigga like you, runnin' your mouth Will, have that same nigga like you, gun in your mouth But won't be like the last time when you run in the house 'Cuz I ain't knockin' on the door  I'm comin in the house and I'm gunnin' for your spouse Tryin' to send the bitch back to her maker And if you got a daughter older then 15, I'ma rape her Take her on the living room floor, right there in front of you Then ask you seriously, whatchu wanna do? Frustratin', isn't it? When they kill me, but I'ma kill you Now watch me fuck just a lil' while longer, please, will you? This is revenge, no time before you die And despite how much I hate to see a grown man cry I'ma make you suffer, see your ass in hell, motherfucker Click, BOOM, BOOM See your ass in hell Chorus(x2) When I speak you better listen The harder it gets, the more follows And I'm hittin' 'em wit' shit that they can't all swallow I keep my slugs hollow, keep families with sorrow Keep motherfuckers like you, not seein' tomorrow I will borrow a gun, then run 'til I catch you Let you slip up, just once, then I'ma wet you Stretch you out like a limousine 'Cuz where I catch you is where I catch you That's what killin' means Fuck whoever's standin' there when you get what you got comin' 'Cuz once I hit you in your head, the witnesses start runnin' Niggaz started somethin', but they chose not to finish it So I'ma wrap it up, for real, dog, 'cuz I'ma winner, shit Fuck it yo, let's end this shit, I don't need the plaques And I ain't a DJ, nigga, so I don't need the wax Gimme slugs from my gats Gimme hoods from my rats Gimme wood from my bats Then they meet where the fuck I'm at, for real Chorus(x2) Chorus fade to kids voices ...late (echoed and faded to end) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DMX Album: It's Dark And Hell Is Hot Song: Damien Typed by: cderisi@esper.com Intro: UH DefJam Uh RuffRyders (The Snake the rat, the cat, the dog, how you gon' see them if you livin in the fog) My nigga TP creep with me (The Snake the rat, the cat, the dog, how you gon' see them if you livin in the fog) Verse 1:DMX Why is it every move I make turn out to be a bad one Where's my guardian angel need one, wish I had one (I'm right here shorty and I'ma hold you down  and tryin' to fuck all these bitches I'ma show you how) But who? (My name D like you but my friends call me Damien and I'ma put you into somethin' about this game we in You and me could take it there and you'll be the hottest nigga ever livin') That's a givin' (You'll see) Hmmm thats what I've been wantin' all my life Thinkin' 'bout my little man so I call my wife Well your dada is about to make it happen I'm about to make it rappin' Today I met this cat He said his name was Damien He thinks that we're alot alike and wants to be my friend HaHa yeah just like Chuckie Yeah Hook: The Snake, the rat, the cat, the dog How you gon' see them if you livin in the fog (4x) Verse 2: (Hey yo D) What up D (You a smooth nigga, I seen you but nobody knew who pulled the trigger) Yeah, you know it's always over doe (You sure, I could've sworn it was over a hoe) Na, na that ain't my style (May you stay frontin' but you still my man and I ain't goin' say nothin', got yo weed go 'head smoke it , go 'head drink it, go 'head 'n fuck shorty you know I can keep a secret I'm about to have you drivin' probably a Benz, but we gotta stay friends Blood out, blood in) Sounds good to me, fuck it, what I got to lose Hmm nothin' I can think of, ANY NIGGA WOULD CHOOSE Got me pushin' the whips, takin' trips across seas Pockets stay laced, nigga I floss G's For that nigga I would bleed, give him my right hand Now that I think about it yo, that's my man Hook Verse 3: (You like how everything is goin' You like what I gave you?  You know if you was goin' down I'd be the one to save you!  But yo I need a favor, these cat's across town hate me Plus their behaviour hasn't been too good lately) What!?! anything for you dog Where them niggas at (38th and Broadway) Let me get the Gat Run up on 'em strapped Bust off caps on four niggas Laid low for 'bout a month and killed two more niggas Now I'm ready to chill but you still want me to kill (Look at what I did for you dog, come on, keep it real) Aight, fuck it, I'ma do it, who is it this time (Hey yo remember that kid Sean you used to be with in 89) Naw, that's my man (I thought I was your man) But yo, that's my nigga (Hey who's your biggest fan, either do it or give me your right hand That's what you said) I see now, ain't nothin' but trouble ahead Hook In the fog, the fog livin' in the fog How you gon' see 'em if you livin' in the fog How you gon' see 'em if you livin' in the fog The snake, the rat, the cat, the dog To be continued motherfuckers Haaaaaahahaha The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DMX f/ Faith Evans Album: It's Dark and Hell is Hot Song: How's It Going Down Typed by: cardkid@thepentagon.com Phone rings Guy: Whose dick you sucking? Girl: Don't call me with that bullshit, alright Guy: You lying, you lying to me, Di Girl: Yeah exactly Guy: Whose dick you sucking? C'mon Di, I just heard some shit about   you, some foul shit. The fuck is the deal? Girl: Suck my fucking dick you bitchass nigga! I don't Guy: No you explain it to me bitch. You know what I'm talking about. Girl: I don't know nobody up here! I don't fuck with nobody up here and   I ain't been fucking with nobody up here! I don't know nobody in   fucking Yonkers! Guy: Lying ass bitch. You ain't shit. Do I got to hollar his name too? Girl: Who the fuck is he!? Guy: Bitch you fuckin up! hangs up Chorus: "All I want is you, all I want" (Background) What type of games is being played, how's it going down? If it's on till it's gone, then I gots to know now Is you wit me or what, they gon try to give me a nutt Just honeys wanna give me the butt, wha.. I'm politicking with this trick and wondering if I'ma creep her Little hoodrat bitch from 25th named Tenika Coming through, like I do, you know Getting my bark on Knew she was a thug because when I met her she had a scarf on 5411, size 7 in girls Babyface, would look like she was 11 with curls Girlfriend, remember me, (what?), from way back, I'm the same cat With the wave cap- the motherfucker that tnt used to blaze at Still here so it's all good Oh you know my niggas Rich and them doing they thing on 35th Ave It's a small hood, and it's all wood, so let me get that number Hook it up, aight Hit you on da track later on, say wassup Talking to shorty made me wanna do something nice Looking at that ass made me wanna do something tonight And I know right when I see right, shorty looking like she tight She bite, better give a nigga the green light, we might.. Chorus - 2x I'm getting at shorty like what you need, what you want Offer nothing, cuz I got you, must you front? I see you with your baby father but it don't matter You gave me the pussy, that ass is getting fatter Let that nigga play daddy, make moves with me I'da kept it more than real boo, can't lose with me Heard he smacked you 'cuz you said my name while y'all was sexin' Ran up on this cat, thought was me, and started flexin' You know I ain't even with that So he gon' have to get that just on tv Try to creep me, what? Leave that nigga sleepy On the strength of you, that's your kid's daddy I ain't gon' send him on his way, put him up in that big caddy But let him know Never mind yo, I need you to go Take this snow up to 150, see Joe Get that, come back with that We can split that, sit back Fuck, puff a L, forget that You wit dat? Chorus - 2x Aiyyo this chicken got me digging her moves, 'cuz she smooth Wanna lose, whoever she choose, it's the dues Respect is not expected but it's given 'cuz it's real Being neglected and all, expect it, the deal Lie, cheat, and steal for me Putting something in a nigga's wig if you squeal for me Kill for me, you still with me 'Cuz we get down like what Told you from the start, it ain't all about a nutt I'm gon' be fair, try to be there We gon' see then, hit me with the question boo That answer gon' be yeah See there, something can go wrong, it does Love'd it, Let it go but it came back, that's how strong it was But you belonged to Cuz, couldn't belong to me You had two kids by this nigga, it was wrong for me But we gon' always be, best of friends haha Mad love, Boo, to the end haha Chorus to Fade The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DMX Album: It's Dark and Hell Is Hot Song: Crime Story Typed by: machiavelli112@usa.net Mnn Man, uh Shit stay happen Ya know Its crazy dog Its off the hook But you know Real niggas survive No regardless Them heartless Who is this I see, comin' through, its like 3 On the a.m., I'ma rob this nigga An when I'm done, I'ma slay him For bein' stupid like, comin' through after 1 or 2 And havin' a gun that he couldn't get to Yeah, that one'll do Foolish niggas learn the hard way, then I teach 'em Be in the wrong place at the wrong time, then I leach 'em Like Jigga said, niggas test you When your gun goes warm So I keep 'em scattering Like roaches, when the light turns off From night to dawn Right from wrong Hope no way 3-57 slugs with a snub nose, dray eight Settin' all you bitches straight (what) Squashin' all beefs To the point where the police Be blockin' all streets Got me trapped up in the building But you know how that go I stay fucking with the hood rats And I run up in the rab hole Run through the hallway See police, face to face And bein' I'm tellin' you this story Means I caught another case Its either you or me And more than likely, its gonna be you, than me Aiight? Feel me O Day 2 of the saga This fuckin' drama continues Wakin' up like every 2 hours, lookin' out my window Plus I keep the 4-4 pointed at the door Just in case, when they bust in, I bust them And I'm gunnin' for the face "What a waste of potential" is what my teachers used to tell me "You can always get a job" and cheap shit they tried to sell me Got me no where but broke and fucked up in the game But now I got a name, and niggas know my name Knock of the door "police, we lookin' for a man Killed a couple of cops last night and the reward is ten grand" I play like a bitch "Its just me here, and I'm not dressed And that guy sounds kinda dangerous, I hope you make an arrest" That was a close one, now I know I gotta get outta the city Cuz I know I'm hotter than lave, I'm holla the mouth Got my dog on the horn, he like "Fuck, you done did it They a ran up in my crib, nigga, pattin down my kid" (dial tone) Put the harness on the dog, load up the weapons Murder's on my mind, no half steppin' Motherfuckers want war, you can get it, Cuz I'm tired of runnin', remember me as the nigga that died gunnin' Kamakaze mission, C-4 strapped to the chest Run up in that joint, raw dog, fuck the vest They can keep theirs, cuz it won't be the slugs that'll kill 'em It'll be the raw of the C-4 as I'm bringin' down the building When I go, taking a bunch of the motherfuckers with me I ain't sittin around waiting for them faggot niggas to come and get me I bring it to 'em, service with a smile What nigga? Didn't know a dog with rabies was up in the cut, nigga? Now that you finally findin' out what this shit means I'm at the precinct, 116th Run up in there Open up my jacket "You muthafuckers lookin' for me?" Well here I am "Now you comin' with me" (Explosion) Man, that shit is crazy baby Can you dig it, can you dig it, can you feel it, is you wit it Its off the hook y'all The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DMX Album: It's Dark and Hell is Hot Song: Stop Being Greedy Typed by: kid2001@earthlink.net [DMX] uh-huh, uh-huh (x4) [Hook] Y'all been eatin long enough now stop bein greedy Just keep it real partner give to the needy Grips is touchy, so don't make me wait fuck around and I'm'a bite you and snatch the plate [DMX] I could flip that flow, I could stick that hoe I could get that dough, you know I'm with that yo And the thing about the shit I came through, I haven't seen But when it gets dark, it's like a nigga's havin dreams All nightmares, the light dares to desert me  Got me like everybody wants to hurt me Paranoid, so I strike out at what ever  The closest thing to me is gonna get it but, never Will I, can I think death is wrong So I'ma keep holdin on til, what's left is gone You could put that on my nigga Boone These other rap cats will give a nigga room But if it ccalls for me to force my way in the door Headhuntin mother fuckers, stay on the floor 4-4, that's what I get sick wit rrrrrrr Four more, now all this is liquid rrrrrr [Hook x2] [DMX] I thank the lord everyday that I'm blessed with a gift I'm The best, so, unless you wanna rest with the stiff Don't touch that, uh-uh, leave it alone When you walk pass the dog house leave it a bone Dogs bite, dogs fight, dogs knife Scratch, shake, and hold all night So when you hear the arf arf, start runnin Cause when you hear the arf arf, I'm comin But I don’t like drama so I say to myself, "Keep focus with this rap shit and pray for the wealth I want the money and give me the honeys with big asses The most expensive champagne you got in big glasses" I'm broke so I'ma bash his head wide open Beggin me to stop but at least he died hopin Didn't get his wish, and now he's a dish with a cat  Two glowin red eyes, everything else is black [Hook x2] [DMX] When the sun is up the gun is up on the shelf And all the runners up are thankin me for their help Hopin that they not around when it gets dark outside Sun's goin down you hear the bark outside Locks off the cage, gauge, With the buck shots, faggot You've been lucky all day thats when your luck stops One drops, and another and another Gun pops, go into you and your mother When does it all end, I found a friend in a dog Cause fuckin wit these cats will send a friend to the morgue Many questions, no answers, just stress Try to hold my head and remember that I'm blessed If you curse and it gets worse as time goes by  Can't see straight cause I'm so high, Why ask why when you know Nigga when its your time to go, You go [Hook x4] Artist: DMX Album: It's Dark and Hell is Hot  Song: ATF Typed by: chemical@geocities.com [DMX] Got me on the run Uh, uh BOOM, BOOM, BOOM, open the door, ATF To late to send my girl downstairs to say he left To the basement, go through the replacement door Come up in my neighbor's yard, wit' a taste for war You know I laced the four, wit' the hallows Crack the safe, got the bottles [Girl] Whatchu want me to do? [DMX] Beep Carlos! Two houses over by the tall black fence I keep the hooptie parked for situations like this There go a Priest, yo, get in, you drive [Guy] What the fuck you doin nigga? [DMX] Tryin to stay alive Cops on every corner, I lay back and try to cruise by Who the fuck could'a snitched? Must'a been a new guy (Siren)Damn, in back on our ass Put your foot back on the gas, step on it fast Tryin' to pull up on the side, but I'm packin' to blast Tryin' to take the niggaz heads off, fuck crackin' the glass (Gunshots)Hey, look out, (bark), damn Came so close, you almost hit that bitch [Guy] Like you said nigga, almost [DMX] Shit, the cops hit her, and I know they ain't gon' leave her Go up here, make this left, pull it over, take a breather (breathing sounds) Drop it on the floor, BOOM Got it through the door, peddle to the floor, an office line  Death is in the air, and I don't know if it's mine But I know if it's time, it'll be what it is And all I can think of is what about my kids Shit, they on the corner, hit the sidewalk, quick! 1, 2, 3, 4, 5 more clips Hit the fire hydrant, get low for the shootout Run through the fire, pull a gun from my boot out Caught me in the shoulder, the neck, the ear I'm goin' out fast and the last thing I hear is  BOOM, BOOM, BOOM, open the door, ATF The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DMX f/ Big Stan, Loose, Kasino, Dragon Album: It's Dark and Hell is Hot Song: For My Dogs Typed by: kid2001@earthlink.net My niggaz this is for my dogs, this is for my dogs This is for my dogs, this is for my dogs This is for my dogs, this is for my dogs This is for my dogs my niggaz My dogs the beginning of this bloodline of mine That spark this in a niggaz heart and cause him to shine Before the rhyme lessons that I keep in my mind I owe you and I give my right hand to show you Whether its fist or guns whatever it go to Its me they go through if ever they want to I'd light the flame, dead game and trying to scratch K-A-S I know where my dogs is at And I’m gonna be the one behind just to keep you on your toes I be your extra eyes and hold you down around your foes I be your extra gun you need me let me know For my dogs I be the first to cock it back and let it go They do it for the dough me I do it for the love You my nigga to the death so I treat you like my blood If push comes to shove and they try to send you back to the street I give my last to put you back on your feet, feel me Chorus: This is for my dogs, this is for my dogs This is for my dogs, this is for my dogs This is for my dogs, this is for my dogs This is for my dogs… my niggaz (Repeat 1X) You my dog nigga I die for Shit bust a five for see the judge and lie for You the type of nigga I throw weight up on the block for Just go ahead and lock jaws and your half I got yours Send in the dog I smell it all night I told niggaz to shut up and write X barks with a hell of a bite For the love they always will be till they kill me I put my thugs on it and slide till I die on it And to my motherfuckin dogs big ups to your first share Niggaz know the deal just waitin for them plaques to get shipped Do your thing nigga you know we got your back Cause real dogs always return with food for the pack Why these wack niggaz swingin when they gonna miss Take it from me he was nice before all this Yo X rain on em cause after that comes the blood Ruff Ryders feed all they dogs wit raw blood Chorus My people show love (what!) and haven’t left me stranded yet Though I have a death wish it ain’t been granted yet So until then I’m gonna be that nigga all up in your chest (come on!) Until the lord decides to lay my ass down to rest Bless my body at the funeral and hope I don’t burn Was a hard headed nigga and nope I don’t learn Saw the truth but chose to ignore it wasn’t goin for it My nigga had to give it to me (AHH!) then I saw it This is clear as day I know here’s the day I’m gonna be on my way nothin more to say But take me lord make me lord what you will Really wanted to chill but learned how to kill Been downhill from then on cause I been on Some shit hit on every move to get ten on The next sac but you know thats how X act Thats why these street niggaz is waitin for the next track Chorus (Until fade) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DMX Album:  It's Dark and Hell Is Hot Song:   I Can Feel It Typed by: r0llinlacs@yahoo.com (Intro, DMX) Sometimes.... Sometimes you just know You just know, that's all (Hook) I can feel it Coming in the air tonight, hold onnnn I've been waiting for this moment For all my life, hold ooonnn Hold oooooonnnnnn (Verse 1) The best of y'all niggas, remind me of myself when I was younger When it was hunger that stopped a nigga from goin under And you wonder... why I pat you on your head and smile? Look in your eyes and thank The Lord for my child Meanwhile, there's somethin' I gotta show you, and I hope you can take it Gotta leave you in the desert, and I hope that you make it Gotta put you on your ass, to see what it does to you When you stand up, you'll see that I'm just showin love to you Other niggas'll put a slug through you, over your 'ends Cats I fuck with are real; But hey, those are your friends It's just what you got comin Sometimes you dont know what you asking for, yet you ask for more Shut the casket door This one here, it is done They thought you was a killa You swore you'd never run Nigga died with his gun still up in the holster It's coming in the air Yeah, it's getting closer (Hook) (Verse 2) I see life through many shades of grays and blacks I can take that and hit 'em with the blazin tracks When I make that, you fake cats have violent dreams Takes another dog to be able to hear my silent screams The devil got a hold on me, and he won't let go I can feel The Lord pullin, but he movin dead slow Let 'em know, that amidst all this confusion Some of us may do the winning, but... We all do the losing, it's just who does the choosing Is you goin up or down? What have you been provin? Just that you a fuckin clown Been seein' through the bullshit, but never spoke on it Cause I know that deep down, you really don't want it I would've traded the chance of being the child with a father For a talent and being able to survive when it's harder My balance in the high beams of life keep my dreams in strife That's why I hit these motherfuckin streets tonight, come on! (Hook) (Verse 3) There's a lotta shit that I let slide, cause It's not in my hands Lotta niggas I let ride, but it's not in my plans And a lotta my mans, is not seein' through the fog Families by the truck-loads... fleeing to the morgue Full moon! (Aahoooooo) The howlin! (Grrrrrrrr) The growlin! (Shhhhhhhh) The prowlin! Don't know love? Can't show love! That means you gon' need more love than a old thug But hold up... roll up Talkin out the side of your mouth..! Is what's gon' let niggas know what you got in your house While they lyin' to your spouse; Told her it was suicide But you and I, both know the truth; It will never die Listen nigga; If you scared, get a dog But be prepared for the morgue Because you DEAD up in the fog And that's your head, by the log I can smell it in the air... I can tell when it's there... This is hell and we're both here! Can you feel it? Tell me yeah! (Hook) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DMX Album: It's Dark and Hell Is Hot Song: Prayer Typed by: Prinzsp@aol.com I come to you hungry and tired you give me food and let me sleep I come to you weak  you give me strength and that's deep you call me a sheep and lead me to green pastures only asking that I keep the focus in-between the chapters You give me the word and only ask that I interpret And give me the eyes that I may recognize the serpent You know I ain't perfect,but you'd like me to try Unlike the devil who just wants me to lie till I die Lord why is it that,I go through so much pain All I saw was black,all I felt was rain I come to you because its you who knows you showed me that everything was black because my eyes were closed You gave me the light and let me bask in your glory So it was only right that when you ask for this story I put it together to do our dogs some good our dogs being,brothers and sisters in the hood Plenty of times you sent help my way,but i hid and I remember once you held me close,but i slid There was something that I just had to see that you wanted me to see so I can be what you wanted me to be And I think I've seen it,but I don't feel the same Matter of fact I know I've seen it,I can feel the change and it's strange almost got me beating down your door But I have never known a love like this before It's a wonderful feeling to get away from the pain and up under the ceiling I get away from the rain And the strain that I feel when I'm here is gone I know real so I wipe away the tears with a song and I almost lost faith when you took my man Monty,Paso,and Jay's brother Dan and I fear that what I'm saying won't be heard until I'm gone but it's all good,cause I really didn't expect to live long So if it takes for me to suffer,for my brother to see the light Give me pain till I die,but please Lord treat him right The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DMX Album: It's Dark And Hell Is Hot Song: The Convo Typed by: CenzoNY@aol.com You tell me that there's love here. But to me it's blatant. Nothin' but all the blood here. I'm dealin with Satan. Plus with all the hatin' it's hard to keep peace. (uh huh) Thou shall not steal, but I will to eat. I tried doin' good, but good's not too good for me. Misunderstood, why you chose the hood for me. Mean I'm aiight, I just had to work hard at it. Went to gran'ma for answers, she told me that god had it. So now here I am, confused and full of questions. Am I born to lose, or is this just a lesson. And who it's goin' choose when it gets turned around. And will it be layin' in my own blood and on the ground. My child, I've watched you grow up and I've been there. (uh huh) Even at those times  you least suspected it I was there. And look at what I've given you a talent to rhyme. I may not come when you call, but I'm always on time. Somebody's knockin'. Should I let em in. Lord we're just startin, but where will it end. Somebody's knockin'. Should I let em in. Lord we're just startin, but where will it end. But when the funds are low the guns'll blow. Lookin' for that one that owe, make em run that dough. No! Put down the guns and write a new rhyme. You'll get it all in due time. You'll do fine. Just have faith cuz you mine. (uh huh) And when you shine it's goin' be a sight to behold. So don't fight to be old, or lose sight when it's cold. See that light down the road, it's goin' guide you there Two sets of footsteps, I was right beside you there. But what about them times I  only saw one. Those were the times that I was  under the gun, It was then I carried you my son. Led you to safety. It just wasn't your time to face me. (uh huh) Ayo a few of them times I thought you would erase me. But all you did was embrace me. Prepared me for the worst. Offered me eternal light, and scared me with the hearse. And the curse turned to grace. When the hurt turned to faith. No more runnin', (uh huh) and slidin' in the dirt cuz I'm safe. Somebody's knockin'. Should I let em in. Lord we're just startin, but where will it end. Somebody's knockin'. Should I let em in. So if I'm yo' man I'm in yo' hand. Wus yo' plan. Never had a friend cuz you couldn't trust your man. Learned to stand before I crawled. Things were twisted! And if you showed me anything at all then I missed it. Looked the wrong way. (uh huh) I've done some wrong things. (true) Kept a bad attitude, but that's what wrong brings. And now you mean to tell me that after all this time, it was you that kept the dog from goin' out of his mind. It was you that breathed life into my lungs when I was born. And it was you that let me know what was right, from what was wrong. And it was you that let me do what I knew what could be done. And it was you that gave me a good wife  and a beautiful son. And It's been you speakin' to me inside my mind. And it's been you who has forgiven time after time. It was you who opened my eyes so I could see. And it was you who shined yo' light on me. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DMX f/ The LOX, Mase Album: It's Dark and Hell is Hot Song: Niggaz Done Started Something Typed by: kid2001@earthlink.net [Sheek] Yo, ayo let's get papers and pop Mo' with holes up in skyscrapers In condiminiums, overlooking our drug capers New York City, know only way to play is gritty I want cheddar, so we can front up in the 850 My whole commity like to puff L's and look jiggy Who wan' test this? My semi leave you chestless And ain't shit that you can say to me when you be breathless Young, but I done did shit that you won't do So go ahead wit the bullshit you blab about goin through I got niggaz who pump on yo' block and in yo' spot Who sit next to you? Protectin you? But they'll murder you, playa Don status, nigga we gettin chipsesis And bad bitchsesis, frontin, frontin in eclipsesis [Mase] Ayo, Mase and The Lox We takin knots from the out of state spots Any nigga make it hot, get found in vacant lot You don't really wanna come try, the one guy Who stay dumb high from blunt lye The rack of sing-sing alumni Who got more beef than a Islamic farm So I pack enough sonic arms to neutralize atomic bombs It's not a nigga in your gang want it My AK slay gays, spray strays wit niggaz names on it Often I bug, then we'll soften a thug Have a chump coughin blood, fill his coffin with slugs Yo, you know I got enough guns to wreck a nation Any nigga wave a Tec at Mase, and, have a explanation You bring your crew and em and I'm doin em Then I'm beatin em down with aluminum Then I'm puttin two in em You can't touch me, I've been devil sent, wanted for embezzlement A lot of other things, but that's irrelevant [Chorus: repeat 2X] [Styles] If you love the money, then prepare to die for it [DMX] Niggaz done started somethin [Styles] You can lay in the flames, or hug the sky for it [DMX] Niggaz done started somethin [Jadakiss] Yo, check out the kid that get coke like Sosa Never turned down chocha, be in the Costa Rica, sippin margaritas wit a mami Cleanin my Tommy, showin love to my army Whenever The Lox find rippy blocks, we kill em Yeah I hear niggaz, but I still don't feel em And this for the listeners, and prisoners And them jealous rap cats that prefer dissin us My 16's be so real, you can feel em in your vain Like Ramello's pops from Sugarhill J be the cause for the kiss at your wake Cartel lips, spittin clips at your face We started from the bottom You'll see bad niggaz pardon, whatever We can do it at the Garden Word life, this shit is real big I'm makin niggaz blow trial even if they not guilty [Styles] I want a palace for my thugs, wit oriental rugs Green bags from drugs, get wacked for the love Twenty niggaz batter me, still couldn't shatter me I'm only gettin up, splittin up your anatomy Official lock family, grants niggaz handin me I want the finer things, and I hope you understandin me Sittin at the table, plannin and plug the fan in Let the sweat dry off and then grab your cannon Think you smartest, and retaliate the hardest, regardless If you a thug or a rap artist, respect me like Pesci and if rap was hockey, I be Gretzky, puffin Nestle Any ya niggaz done started somethin Actin invincible like you god or somethin If you god, then I'ma make salat til you rot And if you a playa, then play for everything you got And if you a thug, then start bustin off shots And if you a dog, you better bite before you bark [DMX] Don't came at me wit no bullshit, use caution Cause when I wet shit, I dead shit, like abortions For bigger portions, of extortion then racketeering Got niggaz fearin, fuck whatchu heard, this whatchu hearin How much darker must it get, how much harder must it hit See if your hardest niggaz flip, when I start a bunch of shit I like pussy, but not up in my face, so gimme three feet Cause when we creep, no more than three deep, niggaz see sheep Bloodhounds found your shit buried in the mud Following traces of gun powder, residue and blood A positive ID is impossible, so you know John Doe is what they gon' be puttin on that tag on yo' toe Now who gon tell yo mother, her baby's under a cover in the morgue Stiff as a log, sniffed out by the dogs Son of a hard headed nigga that wouldn't listen so you got whatchu came for [Sheek] What's that? [DMX] Surgery wit the chainsaw grrrrr, I hit the fuckin streets cause like I said before ain't nothin goin down until I eat Mu'fuckers think it's all about impressin bitches and stressin bitches Well, I'm testin bitches game, adressin bitches, and caressin bitches And dealin wit mu'fuckers on all levels What I'm dealin wit is all devils, fuckin with snakes Runnin wit niggaz you call rebels I got an army of 730 niggaz, dirty niggaz that come through and worry niggaz 30 niggaz that like to bury niggaz And scary niggaz get it all the time cause what they got is all of mine Your man was talkin shit until I pulled the nine And if I don't know you, I don't fuck witchu And if you wit my man, then he gettin stuck witchu and gave it the money Cause I just lost my mind when he crossed the line Sent his back through his chest then I tossed the nine, boss of crime Black Gotti, I stack bodies wit the black shotty Bitch-ass niggaz who act snotty Get it These niggaz is for real These niggaz ain't playin This ain't no fuckin game You think we playin? Ruff Ryders Grrrrrr The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DMX Album: Flesh Of My Flesh, Blood Of My Blood Song: My Niggas Typed by: HJWESS1@msg.pacbell.com Just cause I love my niggas, (Ruff Ryders) I shed blood for my niggas. (Ryde or die) Let a nigga holla, "Where my niggas?" (Get down or lay down) All I wanna hear is, "Right here my niggas." (We here nigga)  You won't take this from me baby! You will not take this from me baby! Ya know grrrrr My niggas some niggas that you don't wanna try My niggas some niggas that's really do or die My niggas will have you cowards ready to cry My niggas will fry my niggas will rob My niggas keep niggas on they fuckin' job My niggas know what it's like when shit gettin' hard My niggas stay pullin' you other niggas cards My niggas It's God my niggas we'll shine My niggas just knew it was a matter of time My niggas let me know to keep fuckin' with the rhymes My niggas ain't no longer livin' with crime My niggas is fine my niggas is good My niggas keep you niggas knocking on wood My niggas know how to take it back to the hood My niggas will put you down right where you stood My niggas they could my niggas they will My niggas take you straight to the back & get ill My niggas give it straight to the bank when we kill My niggas put niggas on ice til they chill My niggas is still my niggas is dogs my niggas (echoes) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DMX Album: Flesh of My Flesh, Blood of My Blood Song: Bring Your Whole Crew Typed by: xorcist@mindless.com, OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [DMX] Uhh.. Aiyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy!!!!!! C'mon!! Uhh! Uhh-HUH! But they don't hear me though  Uhh, but they don't hear me though, Uhh, but they don't, they don't, they don't, they don't.. I got blood on my hands and there's no remorse  and got blood on my dick cause I fucked a corpse (C'MON!) I'm a nasty nigga - when you pass me nigga look me in my eyes (WHAT!) Tell me to my fuckin face that you ready to die (C'MON!) You be a dead motherfucker, red motherfucker Don't be stupid, you heard what I said motherfucker Who shot you? Aww nigga, like you don't know (WOO!) Stickin you for yo' dough while I'm fuckin yo' broke ho (WHAT!) Yo! Don't you get the picture? Niggaz can't touch me (UHH!) Cause I don't give a fuck G, I'll get you touched B  I got choice, to rip my slug or take apart a door and enough crazy niggaz behind me to start a war (C'MON!)  So what you want nigga? Help, cause youse about to rest (UH!) When I'm fed, Red Cross couldn't clean up the mess  And a vest will do nuttin but make you look a little thicker (YEA!) Cause in the dark - you ain't nuttin but a LIL' NIGGA (WHAT!)  And if you'd been thinkin about that shit you did  You wouldn'ta brought the joint, wit you kid, now I'ma have to get you kid, and split your wig, wit the machete (WHAT!)  I bring beef to niggaz, and string em out, like spaghetti (C'MON!) You ain't ready - nor can you stand how I'm bringin it (UH!) I'm givin it is how I'm livin it so I'm swingin it (UH!) Red dot on your head, cause youse in mid range  Red dot on your chest, opens up your rib cage  Chorus: Ruff Ryders (repeat 4X) I just love when a nigga bring his whole crew  It's just a bigger piece of cake for me to chew a hole through [DMX] Now if your heart was as big as your mouth, you'd be real  But it's not - so I know if you get knocked, you'll squeal  like a bitch, cause you is a bitch and always been a bitch (oh, OH, OHH!) And you know how niggaz do a bitch we run up in a bitch (OHH!) Put something in a bitch - nigga do you know me, nigga do you owe me? (Uh-huh) Figured you could blow me? Well I'ma let this trigger fill you homey Y'all niggaz gots to be smokin somethin thinkin you chokin somethin (uhhh) Fuckin around wit me you'll be a broken somethin (WOO!) I'm out for 'Blood' with the 'Crips' at war How much shit could you talk wit your lips on the floor? Pussy niggaz make me itch, so I scratch, youse a bitch (uh, UH, UHH..) So I snatch up your face, fake-ass pencil I scratch you (..UHH, UHH, C'MON!) Yeah there was a time, when I woulda jumped up and choked this nigga  (BUT NOW!) But now I'm on some shit like, "Yo.. smoke this nigga!" (Uh-huh!) I'm bout to find out how much guts you got before I spill em Somebody come and get this muh'fucker before I kill him (PLEASE!) ARRRRF! Fresh out the asylum, I'm whylin  Y'all niggaz know the phone numbers for help you best to dial em (AY!) Nine-one-one, emergency, the urgency  will have witnesses seein what the surgeon see (WOO!) How far you gon' get, wit your dome split fool!  I catch your man slippin cause he think his shit cool; (C'MON) but it ain't, so I paint the walls with his blood (UH, UH, UH) Another dick in the mud - nigga WHAT!! Chorus  [Ruff Ryders] (C'MON!) Hey yo you know who this is for.. they let the dogs in the door (c'mon c'mon, yeah) Hey yo you know who this is for.. (c'mon) they let the dogs in the door (yeah yeah) Chorus Chorus 1/4X [Ruff Ryders] I just LOVE.. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DMX Album: Flesh of my Flesh, Blood of my Blood Song: Ain't No Way Typed by: Osirus260@aol.com Uhh Swizz beats (Uhh uhh) Nigga, ryde or die (uhh uhh uhh) DMX what what (uhh uhh uhh) [Chorus - DMX] Ain't no way you're gonna stop my flow Ain't no way ya niggaz you just don't know But niggaz is about to go oh no oh no Ain't no way you're gonna stop my shine Ain't no way you niggaz wanna stop mine Ya niggaz must be out yo mind, I don't know why What the fuck is you niggaz pressin me for I saw more ass than a ho and you stressin the raw If I was testin your jaw, maybe then you would respect me But you can't respect me cuz you dont even know me  Nigga check me (come on) I'm that motherfucker that'll put you to sleep, while you sleepin WRONG: Then die from a hundred feet, you just knew you was creepin RIGHT: Red dot from a hundred feet, you just knew you was creepin Bad decisions lead to last decisions Fast collision, now yo ass is missin (what) Take it over there now you bring it back to the streets Have you forgotten what it means when a dog shows his teeth?  Let me break it down for you he's about to attack you Still standin here faggot? You must want me to smack you You ain't been there or done that, fuck is y'all niggaz tellin me I'm the only nigga, walkin the streets with four felonies But peep this, I see shit is hard, niggaz is strugglin Leave rap alone for a little while, go back to hustlin Give it to niggaz just how they give it to, me Hit em in a rhyme because I'm a MC Been a lot of places most niggaz won't, see That's why I'm at a level that y'all niggaz won't, be Let your man hold somethin now he want, more You ain't no fuckin killer what was the front, for It was a time when the world was at your front, door Now they change places niggaz want, raw Niggaz laugh at me and was mad at me Cuz the way life was goin had to be a, tragedy But after me, it's over, I'ma take the whole verse I'm tryin to keep it real that's why I let y'all niggaz go first But you looked a gift horse right in the mouth Didn't appreciate what you got when you got it  so if I see it, I'ma dot it, where to hide it  you gotta car better drive it the fuck up outta here  and hope and pray I don't pull up alongside it COME ON Niggaz don't know so I gotta flip  It seem they've forgotten how dark it could get Barks like a pit scratch when I hit We both know you pussy but you stay talkin shit What I'ma have to do dog, run up in yo mess Catch you while you comfortable put one up in yo chest One up in yo vest, of course they the hollows You goin' away today, you just lost tomorrow I'ma go platinum (nah) you gots to be kiddin WHY Make it double platinum, no bullshittin And I'ma stay flippin flows, rippin shows Strippin ho's, gettin dough let me go  And nigaz know, who the best is The dog, DMX is the rest is or might as well be helpless I wreck this cuz when I wreck shit  I might snatch a niggaz necklace  Then go from like midnight to breakfast COME ON The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DMX f/ Jadakiss, Styles Album: Flesh of my Flesh, Blood of my Blood Song: We Don't Give a Fuck Typed by: Osirus260@aol.com, OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Jadakiss] Uhh, used to be my dogg, you was in my left titty Screamed RYDE OR DIE, I thought you would die wit me Found out you a bitch, you can't even ryde wit me Now it's a war, and you ain't on the side wit me Used to be my dogg, you was in my left titty Screamed RYDE OR DIE, I thought you would die wit me Found out you a bitch, you can't even ryde wit me Now it's a war, and you ain't on the side wit me [DMX] When it rain, niggaz get wet, so stay dry (uh) Don't cross me, I compete to snake eye (woo) You just lost me, like yo' shadow in the dark (uh-huh) Fucked around and forced me to hit the shadow with the spark (UHH) Blew your shit apart -- now it's two halves of one nigga "Look at him," I said after a few laughs, "Dumb nigga! Stupid is as stupid does -- cocksucker (WHAT?) And look what being stupid does, get you shot sucker (WHAT?) I let you get too close and you bit me (uh) I told you nah for too long, you tried to hit me Thought you was wit me (uhh) Well you might as well forget me, cause from this point on (uh-huh) it's war, it won't stop until one of us is gone" (c'mon!) I'm still mad at myself for lettin that shit go down (UHH) Somebody shoulda told me, I was fuckin wit a clown (aight?) And I think they found and let.. you.. nigga.. drown .. you know how shit get around Chorus: Jadakiss (repeat 2X) Used to be my dogg, you was in my left titty Screamed RYDE OR DIE, I thought you would die wit me Found out you a bitch, you can't even ryde wit me 	(Yeah yeah yeah, yeah yeah) Now it's a war, and you ain't on the side wit me 	(Yeah yeah yeah yeah, yeah yeah) [Styles] Aiyyo X fuck them niggaz, them niggaz ain't your dogs Better treat like some cats and shake they ass to the floor Been seen the foul shit, put the guns in em Lil' wannabe you's, so why you run wit em? You can't trust niggaz no further than you can throw em You don't wanna murder the niggaz, then you blow em He usin yo' style, that make him yo' child  Then he shouldn't make a move til he hear it from yo' mouth We don't allow snakes - runnin wit dogs  Tell them ain't nuttin like a funeral that's gonna be yours Double-R, and I ain't here to start trouble God  But if they wasn't your niggaz I woulda BEEN hit em hard Niggaz look like they phony (what) sound like they phony (huh?) Run around actin like motherfucker's homies We all make mistakes, that's part of the breaks  But you can still call the apes, we bringin the duct tape and the broomstick -- them bitch-ass niggaz is gettin raped Know how we ride, whoever on they side can die And we ain't tryin to be blind, fuck eye for eye Cause we only takin yours, you know the doggs you motherfucker Chorus [DMX] There was always somethin there, but I just couldn't touch it (uh-huh) Wasn't somethin that would hurt me, so a nigga said, "Fuck it!" (uhh) I let it slide, laughed and joked let it ride (true) Now that you done killed it, I’m glad that it died (AIGHT?) It's aight, I know where you live, I'm just waitin (uhh) til we knock on your front door, and let you meet Satan (c'mon!) That's what you get for hatin -- FUCK YOU FAGGOT! (WHAT?) I never did trust you faggot -- I'll bust you faggot! (WHAT?) What you done forgot about the streets is this: (uhh) You do a drimy nigga like you do a grimy bitch (AIGHT?) You just STOP fuckin wit him, you got no more rap (uh) No more, "Yo whassup D?" No more dap (uhh) Be lucky if I don't spit in your face, off of G.P. (WHAT?) AND WHAT? Bitch-ass nigga, you can't beat me (woo) Don't take it as a loss, just take it as a lesson Next time think twice, or get iced wit the Wessun NIGGA! (Nigga!) Chorus [Jadakiss] C'mon 	Yeah yeah yeah, yeah yeah 	Yeah yeah yeah yeah, yeah yeah 	Yeah yeah yeah, yeah yeah 	Yeah yeah yeah yeah, yeah (UHH) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DMX Album: Flesh of My Flesh Blood of My Blood Song: Keep Your Shit the Hardest Typed by: Pooh4901@aol.com Chorus(2x): What y'all want me to do Keep your shit the hardest It's about to go down Niggaz is ready to start this war that's for sure Nigga come and get it Ride and die why Cause my niggaz is wit it I want Monopoly money but I ain't even half way there Do a dirt and a nigga gotta take the backway there What it is is the biz and its dirty  You'll get rich but life expectancy is about thirty Take the business to the hallways, driving up for four days On parole with warrants that'll send me back the raw way If I get caught across Jersey state lines Figure this 98 and I been runnin since 89 So that's like 9 years delinquent time You speakin crime than you know 9 years you owe it's not 9 years you gonna go No probation or parole more time doin nothin They roam to yard writin rhymes an frontin Carry niggaz greasy because I'm built like that Burry niggaz easy cause they get kilt like that If you ain't in it wit me than you in my way But either or you will respect mine  And leave tech 9 and leave it for dude The realest you gonna feel is when you face your death Sorry I didn't know nigga don't even waste your breath Coppin pleas not D why you flippin Nigga know the only thing I'm really scared of is slippin Letin a nigga catch you when I got my gaurd down So I keep em up Noddin of with one eye open I can it freak but theres a time when i'm close 'em both Lead poisonin i'm a get hit with an overdose So I don't drug thing crud thangs Think I don't know a slug stains, or blood blaze Raw gun playin drama Sadness to another niggaz momma I'm a be the the one that puts you up inside the trauma These are troublesome times And the crime prevails And the dark side keeps a niggaz ass in jail Bada-boom-bada-bing some of this and some of that  Gotta boogie for a minute but you know i'm coming back Chorus(2x) Try to show niggaz but I can only hope they see You a little nigga fit right up in a 6 by 3 Layin' up like this Lips sewn shut eyes closed Niggas walk past the casket damn shorty nice pose You was ballin nigga till your ass got balled out  Called out by some disrespectful ass niggas that go all out I bet you thought it was real funny Until it had to get cruddy Me walkin off leavnin you with all this bloody  What he gonna do when it's all over for real And the last thing you see is that steel A blast of light that's what he seein' if you blast him right Hit him in the face and hear that closed casket tight Get it right it aint nothin but endin it to a nigga  Street sweeper like ahhhh! Sendin it to a nigga When you in the house you play by house 2 words you'll never here again are house lose And that's house choose it aint gonna be that Cause I can't see that Ready to get in them niggaz ass real good so where the weed at Believe that you aint going to see nothin to familiar  I would tell you what to do but than I'd have to kill you And it ain't even worth it I ain't goin to build nothin So I'm just gonna let you go be that same nigga  still frontin laughin and shit Like you see somethin funny but you say sound good  let me see somethin money For real (Go nigga, go nigga, go nigga, go nigga nigga) Chorus(4x) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DMX f/ Mary J. Blige Album: Flesh of My Flesh, Blood of My Blood Song: Coming From Typed by: EQIS@aol.com [DMX] Believe me, when I say Before light, there was dark [Mary J. Blige] Where you going, where you going? Where you going, where you going? Where you going? If I don't know where I'm coming from Where would I go? If I don't know where I'm coming from Where would I go? If I don't know where I'm coming from Where would I go? If I don't know where I'm coming from Where would I go? [DMX] Places that I've have been, things that I have seen What you call a nightmare, are what I have as dreams Bad as that may seem, I know is only going to get worse Love, a slug, which one am I gonna get first? My journey's been a rough one, I'm not sure when it begins But the way it's looking, I kind of know when it's gonna end Hold me down baby, it's gonna be a rough ride Niggas give us plenty of room, cause I guess enough died Let me travel, cause my intentions are to travel in peace Fuck around I lay you down, you hit the gravel and cease I could be a beast, or I could be a gentleman But if you ain't my dog, you gonna be like 'Oh, it's him again' Niggas will never win, this whole rap game is mine Hot as you ever been, I was that in eighty nine Seek and you shall find, look within and you will know Where you coming from, and where you gotta go Come on! [Mary J. Blige] If I don't know where I'm coming from Where would I go? If I don't know where I'm coming from Where would I go? -Got to keep it real with me If I don't know where I'm coming from Where would I go? -So the hell with you If I don't know where I'm coming from Where would I go? -I think I'm going to the top  Me and DMX [DMX] I will spend mad time in one spot, plotting my next move Trying to figure out what is it, that X do what X do Some questions go unanswered, that's what I'm afraid of Sometimes I can't show, but I know what I'm made of They made love, or should I say they made lust Bound, there didn't have to be love there, but they made us I got quite a few sisters, I was the only boy But being with my dog, was my only joy Like a kid with a new toy, I forgot about the ? Escaped the misery, didn't think about the crime Lost all track of time, was in another world Everybody knew Earl, but there was another Earl Like the side of the dark, riding the park but wouldn't want to when they jump me, became a good runner One by one they all went under, so I had the last laugh They all thought it all was a joke, but I had the last laugh [Mary J. Blige]  Ha ha ha ha ha ha [DMX] Come on! [Mary J. Blige] If I don't know where I'm coming from Where would I go? -If I don't know, I don't know If I don't know where I'm coming from Where would I go? -But I know where I'm going If I don't know where I'm coming from Where would I go? -But I know where I'm going If I don't know where I'm coming from Where would I go? -Do you know, do you know [DMX] I feel the ghost from within, coming back to haunt me Stay love in my peoples, even though they don't want me When I was bad, I was forgotten, like I was dead and rotten Should've been getting love, but instead was plotting Shit wasn't right, and it was all blamed on me Didn't know that I was special till this rap shit came to be Gave me a way out, showed me it was better to teach Than bust niggas with the fo-fo, leave them dead in the streets Over beef that was worth less, than the cost of the slugs That I bought to kill them And that's because I thought I ought to kill them Little did I know, death wasn't right Didn't always show every breath was a life It was to be captured in suspended animation To be felt by all, understood by every nation What's the sense of hating, when I can show love What's the sense of faking, when I can show blood [Mary J. Blige] Now what's the moral to this story? [DMX] Come on! [Mary J. Blige] If I don't know where I'm coming from Where would I go? If I don't know where I'm coming from Where would I go? -If I don't know, I don't know If I don't know where I'm coming from Where would I go? -But I know where I'm coming from If I don't know where I'm coming from Where would I go? -Do you know where you're coming from? Yonkers is where we grew Trials we got through On top is where we staying Till the end, as long as we'll pray On Hot97 ya hear DMX all through the year The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DMX Album: Flesh of My Flesh, Blood of My Blood Song: It's All Good Typed by: xorcist@mindless.com, OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [DMX] Love my niggaz, but where's my bitches?  I love my niggaz, but where's my bitches?  Love my niggaz, but where's my bitches?  I love my niggaz, but where's my bitches?  Chorus: DMX It's all good, it's alright  Fuck all day, fuck all night  Call my bitches, cause wherever I go, y'all my bitches  East to the West coast, all my bitches  [DMX] Yo Chickens is good for pluckin so I'm stickin bitches fuckin Got em trickin while they suckin, give em dick and they be BUGGIN I've done it all - from mackin two hoes on a three-way Dominican hoes on B-way, country hoes in V-A And they all say the same about my game it's tight That's why every night a different group of bitches start a fight  over some dick that they don't even own All I'm givin them is the bone  Blowin up a niggaz phone, but ain't nobody home (damn) I'm in the zone, tryin to do things Let's turn this into a crew thing -- whassup girlfriend, you game?  Don't wonder why when I leave at night  It's because I thieve at night I'm leavin bitches not breathin right  I fuck they head up with some slick shit  Hit em off with some long dick shit  Make it some quick shit, but rip shit  Then I'm out, just like the trash on a Thursday  Knowin she'd be givin up the ass on the first date Chorus 2X [DMX] Flocks of bitches by the dozens, from sisters to cousins  Got em doin shit they said they wasn't ever gonna do  Like knowin I'd fuck the bitch that she was close to  Still gave up the ass and dough, she was supposed to (what?) Pictures of bitches and flicks of chicks  Videos with the baddest hoes, suckin dick  It's the dog in me, that makes me do wrong  And honies can't help but get strung (why?) Cause the game is too strong (okay) I like em greedy, black like Edi Eyes beady, willin to give to the needy  I done ran through em all, from around the way bitches  to them outta state hoes, and even hittin gay bitches  All I tell em is, "Let me get that," then it's on  Knock her motherfuckin boots, and then I'm gone  I got the white bitches sayin, "It's a black thing!"  Cause I leave that hoe with no dough and plenty of back pain  Chorus 2X [DMX] Bitches who get props, cause they know who can get got  And they can get shot, by the way a niggaz lip drop  Walk up in the spot, knowin what she want strictly When hon wants the dickly, hon comes and gets me  Hits me, pays me, doesn't get crazy Knows to be Swayze, cause that's daddy's baby I keep them hoes in check, like the government  Hittin em off with nuttin BUT THE DICK, and they lovin it! Huggin it, like it's they best friend, cause it is Word to Miz, fuckin with tricks is just biz  I deal with strictly dimes  Got em committin they first crimes  Now she suckin dick, for the first time  And ain't no secret, bout how I freak it, when they sleep didn't never know how I peeped it, then creeped it That's how I know this must be that shit  I tell them bitches, "I'll be back," and they believe that shit! Chorus 4X [DMX] I love my niggaz, but where's my bitches? (4X) Nigga.. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DMX f/ Marilyn Manson Album: Flesh of My Flesh, Blood of My Blood Song: The Omen Typed by: xorcist@mindless.com, OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash {*DMX barking*} [DMX] 	He's still right here shorty, told you I got you  	Like the way I scooped you when them faggot niggaz shot you?  	I'ma hold you down, and I mean that, for real But everytime you beef with a nigga, I end up havin to kill  	It ain't like that, and hey, forget about them two kids  	Bout to get a deal, and it's as nice as you is Oh you think?! 	Nah, I'm just playin, whassup?  	Got some new bitches, I know you tryin to fuck Not really  	What? I ain't your man no more? 	Just because a nigga, don't need a hand no more?  	You know how we do, if one goes soft 	We all take the pussy and go up in her raw It's like now, where you goin, I ain't tryin to take it  Fuckin with a nigga like you, I won't make it  	It'll be what it is Yo, you in for the night? I'm bout to take it to the crib  	You get home aight? Chorus: Marilyn Manson (repeat 2X) The snake (snake), the rat (rat) The cat and the dog  How you gonna live  when you're in the fog?  [DMX]  Yo.. I ain't fuckin with this nigga no more, word to my mother  Fuck it, so you know I'm for sure, word to my brother  It's like he's gotten worse than before, somehow I wonder what type of dirt this nigga got in store for me to get under? Then I get the call, yo!  	X 	Police just killed your cousin, underneath the projects  	Don't get vexed, niggaz'll pay, 'member I got you 	Told you I got you -- yo, I GOT YOU  I'm in a catch twenty-two, but them niggaz got to pay  But I know he gon' be askin for a favor one day  But fuck it, I ain't got no choice in the matter  Them faggots killed my peoples, and I wanna see em splattered! 	That's what I'm talkin bout, we ain't on no kid shit  	And I'ma use the same gun that you killed them two kids with 	Is that hard to live with? Nah  	See, you still a playa But what you want from me?  	Ahh.. I'll tell you later Chorus  [DMX] Shit is all over the news, bomb goes off in Central  What the fuck have I gotten myself into?  The mental, is like, "Get the fuck outta there!" I'm out  	Hey.. goin somewhere? Nah  	What the bag for? Fuck it, what you want?  	Can your nigga come inside, for a minute, and puff a blunt? Here we go again 	After what I just gave you 	Wasn't actin like that, when you asked for that favor? Yo, I ain't ask you for shit!! 	Oh yes you did 	When you really needed somethin, and you allowed me to give 	You sold me your soul when you didn't say no 	Just let a nigga go, and GIMME WHAT YOU OWE 	Fuck was you thinkin? Ain't SHIT for free! 	Ain't a motherfucker you know, can defeat me Forgive me Father, for I have sinned  And with your help, I know, the Devil won't win  [Marilyn Manson]  	Kill kill kill.. kill kill kill.. Take you all on our way to hell 	Kill kill kill.. kill kill kill.. We're gon'.. do do it, do it well  	Kill kill kill.. kill kill kill.. Take you all on our way to hell 	Kill kill kill.. kill kill kill.. We don't want to do it, we do it well This is Marilyn Manson, DMX, Ruff Ryders  This is Marilyn Manson, DMX, Ruff Ryders, Swizz Beatz DMX Ruff Ryders Swizz Beatz Ruff Ryders Swizz Beatz.. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DMX Album: Flesh Of My Flesh, Blood Of My Blood Song: Slippin' Typed by: hjwess1@msg.pacbell.com Ha ha ha ha ha ha uhh See to live is to suffer but to survive well that's to find meaning in the suffering. Chorus Ay yo I'm slippin' I'm fallin' I can't get up Ay yo I'm slippin' I'm fallin' I can't get up Ay yo I'm slippin' I'm fallin' I gots to get up Get me back on my feet so I can tear shit up! (Repeat) -1- I been through mad different phases like Masons to find my way & now I know that happy days are not far away If I'm strong enough I'll live long enough to see my kids doing something more constructive with they time than bids I know because I been there now I'm in there sit back & look at what it took for me to get there First came the "Howll!!" the drama with my mama she got on some fly shit "What!" til I split and said that I'ma be that seed that doesn't need much to succeed strapped with mad greed and a heart that doesn't bleed I'm ready for the world or at least I thought I was baggin' "Uhh!" when I caught a buzz for thinking about how short I was Going too fast it wouldn't last but yo I couldn't tell group homes & institutions, prepare my ass for jail They put me in a situation forcin' me to be a man when I was just learnin' to stand without a helpin' hand Damn, was it my fault, somethin' I did to make a father leave his first kid at 7 doin' my first bid? Back on the scene at 14 with a scheme to get more cream than I'd ever seen in a dream and by all means I will be living high off the hog and I never gave a "What!!" about much but my dog That's my only "Howll!" I had offered my last Just another little "Come on!!" headed nowhere fast Chorus -2- That ain't the half "Arf!" get's worse as I get older actions become bolder heart got colder chip on my shoulder that I dared a "Uhh!" to touch didn't need a click cause I scared a "Uh huh" that much One deep went to for kicks catchin' vicks throwin' bricks gettin by bein' slick used to get high to get by used to have to "Howl!!" in the morning before I get fly I ate something a couple of forties made me hate somethin' I did some "Arf" now I'm ready to take something 3 years later showing signs of stress didn't keep my hair cut or give a "Come on!" how I dressed I'm possessed by the darker side livin' the cruddy life "What!" like this kept a nigga with a bloody knife wanna make records but I'm "Wheeew'd!" up I'm slippin' I'm fallin' I can't get up Chorus -3- Wasn't long before I hit rock bottom "Howll!" was like damn look how that "how that" got him Open like a window no more Indo look at a video sayin' to myself that could've been yo on the TV believe me it could be done somethin's got to give it's got to change cause I've got a son I've got to do the right thing for shorty and that means no more getting high drinking forties So I get back lookin' type slick again Fake "What!" jump back on my "Uhh uh huh!" again Nothin' but love for those that know how it feel & much respect to all my "Come on!!" that kept it real Be strong kept a from doin' wrong "Uhh" who they is and this is yo "What uhh!" song and to my boo who stuck with a "Arf!" through all the bullshit you'll get yours because it's due Chorus can't get up...I gots to get up This is from the heart baby, don't get it twisted Ahh X RATED!!!!! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DMX f/ Drag-On, Swizz Beatz Album: Flesh of My Flesh, Blood of My Blood Song: No Love 4 Me Typed by: UncleLuke3@aol.com, OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Swizz Beatz] Keep yo' hands in the air, cause we gon' take you there And I know it ain't fair, but we just don't care.. Uh-huh, uh, what Chorus: DMX (repeat 2X) Ain't no other cats got love for me Ain't no cats gon' bust slugs for me Ain't no cats gon' shed blood for me But my dogs, is gon' be a thug for me [DMX] Uhh, uhh If I'm gonna rob, I'ma rob all night If I'm lookin for somethin it's probably a fight If I'm goin fuck bitches then they better be tight If that's dead, then the head better be right If I gots to play I'ma play til I win Since I gots to be here can't wait to begin Wanna fuck shorty can't stand shorty friend cause honey friend fuck many many men Stay wit the rats cause the rats is real Wanna fuck, then we fuck, already know the deal Shit, fuck what you look like, just show the real And I keep spot that we can go to chill I love my, get down for the hoes Only reason I come around is for the hoes Pipework - I lay it down for the hoes Hit em off with that dark brown, you know? Chorus [Drag-On] Y'know fuckin wit me, ain't keepin your health right Cause me and my Rolls, we keep it jail tight The shit I pack is heavy, but the shell is light When they drop the same time, you drop without a fight Burnin anything that I'm puttin my name on You might take a 'Drag', but you can't flame 'On' I know y'all niggaz to homey, wit a chain on When it come to the fire I'm the kid they blame it on When you see like eight cars then y'all know who we are Niggaz spittin mean bars off the green jar Never drunk but you see me leaned at the bar Spittin fire that'll melt the ice on your arm You had that but for now dog give me that Cause dog you don't wanna see how my semi act Fake hustlin niggaz you'll pump any pack When it come to this shit, I done laid plenty flat (C'MON!) Chorus [DMX] Do you hear what I tell you? Understand what you hear Don't let nobody tell you, what to hope and to fear Do you hear what I tell you? Understand what you hear Don't let nobody tell you, what to hope and to fear Uhh, uhh What you niggaz want? Cause I got it right here Y'all niggaz front, then I hit you right there Not really impressed by what niggaz wear Faggots talk shit but I really don't care I'm the type of nigga that'll die for the cause Fuck what you heard, I will die for my dogs Ain't scared of shit - will ride in the fog Same thing but a bigger size than yours I fuck with Drag-On, cause he spits the flame Drag-On motherfucker don't forget the name And we all takin over ain't shit the same If you ain't out that mob nigga quit the game And ain't no other cats got love for me Ain't no other cats gon' bust slugs for me Ain't no other cats gon' shed blood wit me But my dogs, is gon' be a thug wit me, c'mon! Chorus [DMX] Do you hear what I tell you? Understand what you hear Don't let nobody tell you, what to hope and to fear Do you hear what I tell you? Understand what you hear Don't let nobody tell you, what to hope and to fear [Swizz Beatz] Uh-huh, uh Uh.. Drag-On My man Swizz Beatz Uh Uh, uh Uh, uh Uh, uh Double-R, uh The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DMX Album: Flesh of My Flesh, Blood of My Blood Song: Dogs For Life Typed by: swest@edredourecs.com Gotta have that... Uh, uh, uh [Chorus: repeat 2X] I will rob and steal witcha, dog nigga what Ride till we die, on till it's up Thick like blood, where's my dogs Uh, there's my dogs  [DMX] Now who I am is who I'll be until I die either accept it or don't fuck with it but if we gon' be dogs then you stuck with it! Let me go my way but walk with me see what I see, watch me then, talk with me Share my pain, make it a little easier to deal with it cause despite all the fame YOU I'm a keep it real with it (true)! Rob and steal withcha' dog nigga what ride till we die, on till it's up. Love is love and I enjoy the love, but when it's conflict then it destroys the love. You can't toy with love, niggas take to the heart you ain't gon' find too many niggas willing to, bark in the dark (come on!) Keep your head from the start, don't fuck it up now, later on they be hit like, fuck it how?? You my dog and I die for you, keep it like that,  give me unconditional love, and I give it right back. [DMX] Most niggas make movies, but niggas like us make it happen' the shit we used to do never thought we would make it rappin But now we here, at the same place at the same time, and got jokes cause now niggas get it, with the same rhyme Yeah niggas is living comfortable, cause life is all good but one thing we must remember, is that life is all hood And the casket's all wood and we all take there one day,(shit) shit today is Sunday we both can be there on Monday Life is funny like that, WHAT bug the fuck out sometimes I take it to the church in terms of thug the fuck out Niggas get dropped the fuck out they boots, violatin' families rules motherfucker stay in your shoes! Now see what you need to do, is chill shorty 'body please come and get him before I, kill shorty I will do for my niggas as they would do for me bust a faggot like you for free, we'll see COME ON! [DMX] I'm always surrounded by dogs, for the love only niggas I fuck wit is thugs nigga what Blood in blood out vatos locos homes, theres no chocos homes when we smoke them chromes, and how we broke them bones. While the last niggas is ass niggas, the skimask niggas to trash niggas they ass niggas pussy. And half you cats can't even flow, and when I hear y'all niggas around my head, well you know.   But that's a whole 'nother issuse, right now we own this we keep spittin' like this, how the FUCK we gon' miss? Cause the camp is strong, and the stamp is strong Double R (love, love, love, love!) Motherfucker, keep the caskets flowing You done got yourself, caught up in some shit you can't handle and you know I can't stand you, you're man too This one time I'ma letta dog be a dog but I'ma see you in the ring and when it's on then it's on Dog nigga what? On till it's up Where's my dog? Uh, uh there's my dog - Uh, uh there's my dog The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DMX f/ Jay-Z, The L.O.X. Album: Flesh of My Flesh, Blood of My Blood Song: Blackout Typed by: LoccDout@aol.com, OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash (Jay!) Fuck that  (This is it right here baby!) You know what it is [Jadakiss] Yo, I used to have bad luck  Now you might see me in a Jag truck Mad stuck, either with a dime or a bad duck Double-R T with the matchin bandana 38-snub blue steel with no hammer And I see y'all niggaz tryin to glance at the 'Kiss Cause I walk around with your whole advance on my wrist Phonin your women, drunk off Corona's and lemon And you know I'm still writin the mean, lightin the green I need to boogie, even though I look, right in the beam Judge find out it's my team, he boost they bails Niggaz throw us on they album, try to boost they sales We put our pies on the table and our eyes on a label Cause them rednecks up in the mountains'll try to slay you (They call me) Raspy, tell you what I want you to know Fuck what you ask me - you probably don't, want me to blow I got a lot of horsepower so I'm able to skip Usually a good nigga, even though I'm able to flip You pay 30 for the 'Kiss (uh-huh) a 100 for The L.O.X. (yeah) And if we cool, then I write a hook for a drop Whatever's in the bank is my bet, a z-bull's my pet and you can bet he'll get the legs and the neck [Sheik Luciano] Uh-huh, yeah, aiyyo Yo when my gun bust, send niggaz to the fish like Swanson New York's youngest Bumpy Johnson, I put fear in y'all heads Sheik Luc', type of nigga gasoline y'all beds And that's warnin, if you all alive in the mornin, that's fine Now I suggest you hit the block and get what's rightfully mine I want PC - see me? Tuck in your chains I got niggaz my pop's age that lifestyle ain't changed It's like wake up, move a brick, half of it slow Make car money, check with Sheik, go fuck with a hoe I rock a waist length mink, do-rag under my fitted And I don't even want waves, Timbs be halfway new That's Sheik in the dress-up club cause I don't fuck with shoes And for my nigga's life, I swear to the Bible, let it be told I put thirty in your head, all in the same hole Cause we got the same goal, and you try an' tamper with mine? Don't make me motherfuckin leave you with some shit in yo' spine Fuck with me you be a WAS nigga, nigga WAS dope Nigga WAS gettin money 'fore I extorted your coke, 'ju crazy? [Styles] Aiyyo, catch me with a thirty-eight, box and shells In a ninety-eight Lincoln eatin pasta shells Order to go, always got a box of L's Blow, stay on the low, get a Heine' and swig I'm Pinero, so I hate a snake, rat, or a pig I pop shit cause I'm the second best, the first was B.I.G. Y'all niggaz is son-ned out, let me speak to your father Cause I like to play chess and I swing the revolver If I don't like a nigga, I don't even be bothered I spit, I'm just a crooked nigga goin legit You hold your nine if you holdin a brick Common sense, Fed drama, you hit the Bahamas, get bent L.O.X. get respect like Sonny from "Bronx Tale" Us and DMX, the Ruff Ryder cartel Thirsty to live, are y'all niggaz eager to die? I tell all my niggaz ride, you won't leave with a dime Motherfucker [Jay-Z] Yeah, yeah I'm a monster, I sleep whole winters; wake up and spit summers Ghetto nigga, puttin up Will Smith numbers Surrounded by 6's and Hummers, bitches among us  Tryin not to let this bullshit become us  It started from hunger, til it all went insane Now bitches notice the chains now that I hit my number The chickens I twisted see the digits unlisted The beeper done changed; you dead bitch, the Reaper done came I suggest niggaz stop speakin my name Cause trust me, y'all can still feel the heat in the rain I keep creepin, streets keep watchin, I keep poppin  Niggaz is hot heads and the bullets is heat-seekin Jay flow for pesos -- chase hoes NOT I just circle 'round the block in a drop Tell them jump through the top (uh-huh)  where the sun roof used to be I could see y'all not used to me Nigga flows like none other - I'm the meanest toughest Don Dada, the gun butcher You the type that bust a lot of shots and none touch ya I'm the type that get excited, when the gun touch ya Motherfuckers.. Y'all niggaz bout to witness a dynasty like no other [DMX] Grrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr.. I'm headed nowhere fast Run in the place, gat in my waist Niggaz wanted a taste, but wouldn't come to my face So what that mean? You cats is playin games again So now what I do? Start namin names again (WHAT!) All you motherfuckers know, that I speak from the heart (UH!) Play like you don't know, L.O.X. is gon' bark We can take it there, but to make it fair, get some more niggaz Styles, Sheik, Jay, we comin with like four niggaz (AIGHT!) Y'all niggaz, best to stop playin, it'll be the ones you forgotten about that'll get you shot in your mouth (ARF! ARF!) Got my dogs covered (UH!) Plus it's all gravy like chicken when it's smothered (WHAT!) "It's Dark," and I LOVE IT! (UH!) Get him boy - let him loose (C'MON!) You want it with the dog? Get a gun, let him shoot (C'MON!) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DMX Album: Flesh of My Flesh, Blood of My Blood Song: Flesh of My Flesh, Blood of My Blood Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [DMX] Flesh of my flesh, blood of my blood FLESH OF MY FLESH, BLOOD OF MY BLOOOOOOD!!! Chorus: DMX (repeat 2X) Flesh of my flesh, blood of my blood All my niggaz get down like what [DMX] My dogs is dogs, with official bloodlines I say "Stop Being Greedy," get a plate if you want mine Why do niggaz always force you take it back to the streets? (c'mon!) Can I at least go one year without spittin the heat? (uh-huh) Motherfuckers think it's sweet until you get yo' chest messed up (uhh) Two days later he's dressed up -- let him rest up (WHAT?) He ain't goin nowhere, no time soon Remember "High Noon"? Last thing he heard was BOOM! (boom!) Can I get some room or do I gots to, make me a path? (uhh, uhh) Break you in half -- fake niggaz make me laugh (uhh) Y'all niggaz is funny, still talkin bout money and ain't got none -- get the shotgun cause you hungry (woo) It's about to get ugly when the, lights is out One, two, three -- hoe that's three strikes you out! (uhh) His knife was out -- I think they found it still in his hand He in a bag, and I'm over here, killin his man! (c'mon!) Chorus: repeat 2X [DMX] I no longer see the shadows that once kept me strong (uhh) And I'm startin to get that same feelin that kept me wrong (uh-huh) Can't afford to trust niggaz cause niggaz lust figures (UHH) Plus niggaz is scared to bust niggaz, rush niggaz (WHAT?) Duelin with the heat, and ain't killin nuttin but time Fuckin with the street, but you ain't feelin nuttin but mine (c'mon!) Tired of hearin niggaz rhyme that don't say shit (c'mon!) Fuck is on them niggaz minds, why don't they quit? (c'mon!) Suckin my dick lookin for somethin new (UH) Let your man hold somethin witcho' hold somethin crew (UH) You know how niggaz do -- we don't forget SHIT If you was there when it's thin then you there when it's thick (c'mon!) No hitchhikers, fuck that, the Ryde was Ruff (WHAT?) And every nigga that was wit us, that died was Ruff (WHAT?) A lot of niggaz that are wit us, ain't cried enough (WHAT?) So now when niggaz come and get us, we fires em up! (c'mon!) Chorus: repeat 2X [DMX] Mother..fuckers, thought that the, X would stop But I got niggaz like, "Yo, who's the next to drop?" From his camp, get the stamp, grand champ, it's official Think when you die how many's gon' miss you (c'mon!) Lean over in your casket and kiss you (UH) Send you on your way with a blessin; and pray that another learned a lesson Smith and Wessun ended money's life, now money's wife's a widow (WHAT?) (Gave it to him full blast?) Nah dog, just a little Beside rap I don't talk but make plenty of moves (uh-huh) I'll murder, ten of you fools before you're ready to choose (uh-huh) You either, win or you lose, and I, love to win Even if it means I gotta shed blood again (c'mon!) Keep the bank account doubling, but don't hate me Really thought that what you said would either, make me or break me? (WHAT?) Knowin it don't take me, long to write Matter of fact, I think I'll drop another, song tonight! (c'mon!) Chorus: repeat 2X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DMX Album: Flesh of My Flesh, Blood of My Blood Song: Heat Typed by: LoccDout@aol.com Uh yeah yeah  (gunshots)  Uh...grrrrrrrrr...uh...hot! Uh..arf arf arf..  Chorus : The heat is on Are y'all really ready to fly  The heat is on Are y'all really ready to die  The heat is oonnnnn  Have your mother ready to cry  The heat is on high The heat is on, you know  Verse one:  The heat is on what's my next move  Do I stick with the score, or get with the door  Feds got the drop in the back of the Uhaul Snipers on the roof chance of getting away too small  Tell'em like this look, it's gonna be a shoot out Whoever make it out meet back at the new house good luck If I don't see you again peace  Let's handle our business with these government police You and you go out the front you take the back  You cover the first two and I'll take the sack Boomer didn't make it, neither did Stan  Now it's three niggaz, splitin' four hundred grand (aight)  We all feel the loss but enjoy the profit,  The game is the same and nothin gonna stop it  Most times you make it one time you won't  All a nigga could really do is have a vest under the coat (come on)  Chorus 2x  Verse two:  Me and my two mans gave money twenty grand  For a scam they don't get the condo in the sand And chances of gettin' caught slim next to none Now we like three deep need that extra gun  Bump into my man, I remember from up North  I remember he had principles and wasn't nothin soft  Off with disgust just was slow and dizzy  Everybody got it aight let's get busy  Run up in the bank bitch (woman screams)hit the deck  Yo bust money,and get the keys off his neck (come here)  We on the clock, three mintues until we finished  Feds are on the way, but I'm tryin to see spinach  In and out duffle bag across the back Extra large sports coat to cover up the mack  Feds they attack, I spit lead out niggaz spread out Run up on a civilian in his car, made him get out  Chorus 2x  Verse three:  High speed chasin, racin through the streets  Death's in the air, I can taste it through the heat My partner's goin' fast I don't think he's gonna last  And if he don't, I'ma hit his wife with his half But that's the type of nigga I am this ain't just rappin I made it, he didn't but ain't shit happens What can I do, but go on livin'  Fleein' from the condo, I go on a ribbon  Life goes on, that might sound wrong but heeyyy We all live by the rules of the game we play  Day to day, death is a possibility  The way I play is a fist stops you from killin' me  It's too hot to be in the heat cuz it's on  Too hot to be in the streets so I'm gone Go back to being discreet live long  Til one day, either me or the heat is gone  Come On! Chorus 2x The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DMX Album: Flesh of My Flesh, Blood of My Blood Song: Ready To Meet Him Typed by: xorcist@mindless.com, OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [DMX] Let us pray I thank you Lord for my birth, and everything that's followed I thank you Lord for TODAY, and I will pray for tomorrow I THANK YOU LORD for the love of my life and a friend I made a promise - and I'm lovin my wife til the end I thank you Lord for your GUIDANCE, cause it's all that counts And RIGHT HERE, RIGHT NOW?! Lord, this is your house I THANK YOU LORD for a dream that came true to light and I ask you to bless everybody, in this room tonight I don't always do the right thing, and I ask you to forgive me cause I need you hear wit me Without you in my life, it's empty I THINK BACK how some people did me like, violence was the remedy and because I think of that now, I pray for my enemy Not because of what I'll do - but because they don't know There's somethin BETTER AFTER HERE - and everybody, won't go So I ask you to forgive them, and we'll hope they see And I thank you for the love that, they've given to me I WILL NOT ABUSE IT, nor will I lead them astray You see I love em like children, that I see everyday And I pray.. no, WE PRAY, together to get us through the bad weather, and we love you forever Let YOUR THOUGHT, and my heart, go hand in hand I FIRST THOUGHT, but to start, but I stand a man And for as long as I can, as long as you permit me Please give me, the strength I need to live Bear with me -- amen. We each walk the path, that you've chosen Yes.. Chorus: DMX I'm ready to meet him cause where I'm livin ain't right Black hate white, white hate black, it's right back to the same fight They got us suspectin a war But the real war is to follow the law of the lord [DMX] Lord, you left me stranded, and I don't know why Told me to live my life, now I'm ready to die Ready to fly, I cry, but I shed no tears You told me you would dead those fears, it's been years Snakes still comin at me - just missin Sometimes I think all you do with me is just listen I thought that I was special - that's what you told me Homey - stop actin like you don't know me What'd I do so bad that it sent you away from me? Not only sent you away, but made you stay away from me? (My child I'm here, as I've always been  It is you who went away and now are back again  What did I say?) Follow your word, and be true (What did you do?) Well, what I wanted to do (What have you seen?) Darkness and hell at a glance (What do you want?) All I want is another chance Chorus 2X [DMX] (Just because you went away, my doors are not locked  Wanna come back home? All you gotta do is knock) You see I left home a boy, but returned as a man Full grown, and I'm still not able to stand (I gave you a hand) Well, but I was lookin the wrong way Figured out the plan, then I started to pray And that prayer, took me from here - over there - back to over here, now it got me like where - do I belong, do I fit in? Things on my mind, where do I begin? It's easier to sin, but it hurts my heart I'm really tryin to win, so where do we start? (Thou shalt not steal) But what if he stole from me? (Thou shalt not kill) But what if he's tryin to kill me? (Thou shalt not, take my, name in vain  No matter how hard it rains, withstand the pain) Chorus 2X [DMX] I'm ready to meet him -- our father, who art in heaven I'm not ashamed to ask for guidance at twenty-seven No longer afraid to knock on your door Not scared anymore to lose my life in the war After what I just saw, I'm ridin with the Lord Cause I really can't afford to lose my head by the sword And now that I've seen, what I need to see Please take me, where I - need to be (What have you learned?) It's better to tell the truth than to lie (What have you learned?) To love my life until I die (What have you learned?) Violence isn't always the key (What have you learned?) You can't always believe what you see (What have you learned?) It's better to forgive and forget (What have you learned?) Give as you expect to get (What have you learned?) That I can't go on without you (What have you learned?) I musta been a fool to ever doubt you! Chorus 2X [DMX] I'm ready to meet him I'm ready to meet him I'm ready to meet him I'm ready to meet him I'm ready to meet him The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DMX Album: ...And Then There Was X Song: One More Road to Cross Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [DMX] Uhh.. this is life (this is life) This is what I know (this what I know) So to me (so to me) this is life (this is life) Chorus: DMX (repeat 2X) One more road to cross One more risk to take Gotta live my life like there's one more move to make [DMX] I'm up at like 6 AM, to check this nigga He work the nightshift, and I gots to check them figures Knock on his door, peoples talkin bout, "He ain't there," but the house is packed, shit I know he here somewhere See money get high, I don't knock what a nigga do to get by Just make sure you gettin by don't FUCK with you gettin mine Ain't the first time he ran off, shoulda split his shit then Hate to think of what he's did and if I catch him slippin won't be an ass-whippin, I can tell you that I keep it real with this cat, he go and sell two packs and run off (damn) tell me, he was locked down, up North and you out a week later? That's bullshit! I bust off, I need this dough Fuck you think I'm here for my health? I need this wealth, because I feed myself You play with my life, when you play with my money Playin around but this'll be the last time you think somethin's funny Chorus [DMX] Yo, I've been casin the liquor store, for a month now with me and two other niggaz, is about to run up in there and shut it down I got four people on the inside, one stay in the back Two stock boys, one at the register but he count the stacks Aight bitch, put on the ski mask, make sure that when we ask for the dough they know that we takin all three bags Now see that? You gotta hear em shoot that nigga Matter of fact, you hit the back, I'll put two in that nigga Hardhead motherfuckers always get it I told him what would happen if he moved the nigga moved so I did it Did you get it? I asked my man as he was comin from the back Nigga opened his mouth said nothin and fell out flat This cat come out spittin, hittin my mans, his mans Couldn't control what was in his hands I'm hit, damn! I bust back, and got the fuck up out of there Didn't get a dime, but at least I got up out of there Chorus [DMX] Aiyyo I see it, try to avoid it, but it comes That's how it's goin in the slums over crumbs Somethin little becomes somethin major Niggaz gettin blown up like a pager Ear to ear with the razor, pour out my soul Took control of hurt, why must Earl Simmons, swim in dirt? I'm gon' make it work, twenty-eight and tryin to get, baptized Priest cannot touch me cause he said I gave him bad vibes Ryde, when I Die, straight down, but I'm plottin We all gots to go but who wants to be forgotten? I'ma leave a mark, and it won't be the mark of the devil Throw dirt and may your hands burn when you touch the shovel The level of animosity is stoppin me from thrivin FUCK what them niggaz is talkin about, I'm survivin Alive and goin through it, but I made my bed So now it's in these flames that I, lay my head Chorus 2X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DMX Album: ...And Then There Was X Song: The Professional Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Chorus: DMX Niggaz won't creep these streets with me cause you know fuckin what these streets'll be Make you wanna.. then I'm gonna.. cause I gotta.. POP POP, POP POP (nigga!) I look through the 11th floor window Take one last puff of the indo (WHAT?) Look through the scope, and let like ten go Break it down, back in the briefcase (uh-huh) Wipe the sweat off my face so I can leave safe (UH) Outside I breathe safe (UH) Nigga never saw it comin, that's how he got it (WHAT?) Never even thought of runnin, cause a nigga plotted (WHAT?) Smart niggaz get niggaz killed for real I know, they make a deal? I'm comin with the steel (aight) It's gon' be that cat you don't see that's gon' pop you (uhh) Stop you in your motherfuckin tracks nigga and drop you (uhh) Get rid of all the clothes (uh-huh) dump the gun I hate to be the type of nigga to leave you, slugged and run but I'm on the job and right now there's more niggaz that need to be left with a head full of lead, restin easily (WHOO) And that twenty G's a fee, put to a good use The only excuse I have for what I do is, love of abuse (C'MON!) Chorus 2X [DMX] I can catch you in the very building that you live in (UH) Wait until you get right at your door then start spittin (aight?) Now they got a ribbon tied to the rail at the top of the steps (what?) I was there, you ain't DIE at the top of the steps (aight?) I can do that walk behind you shit and follow you home (shhh) Make a noise, you turn around and I put one in your dome (BOOM!) Last thing you saw was chrome and a, flash of light (uhh, uhh, uhh) I blast him right, nigga, that's yo' ass tonight (C'MON!) I could put a bomb in your car and watch it explode (BOOM!) then make em call, tell em all they found was a piece of your clothes and a small piece of your nose and, bone from your arm which they really couldn't tell apart, because of the bomb I could be waitin, camped out in yo' car, in the backseat with some fuckin chickenwire, soon as you hit the backstreet I jump up like Jack-in-the-Box, strangle the shit out yo' ass (BLEH) clean up the mess and, get away from the cops Chorus 2X [DMX] I could be the UPS delivery boy (uh-huh) or the man workin at Toys'R'Us handin yo' kid a brand new toy (true) I could be the one servin your food wherever you go to eat at or that nigga on the corner that you ask, "Yo, where the weed at?" I could be the one drivin the schoolbus that yo' kids in except that, I don't like to involve, women and children (aight) A nigga got feelings, I just put em aside and when it's time for me to do my job, I just ride I don't get much sleep (uh) my soul's tormented (uh) I wish it was a lie but everything I said I meant it I know I'm doin wrong and everyday I beg the Lord to forgive me for fuckin with the, double-edged sword Shit ain't goin too well, BUT THAT'S MY LIFE I know I'm goin to hell, BUT THAT'S MY LIFE Sometimes I think what will I do, WITH MY LIFE Kill nigga kill this IS MY LIFE Chorus 2.5X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DMX Album: ...And Then There Was X Song: Fame Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [DMX] Uh-huh (Y'KNOW?) .. ARF! Uhh.. Take it for what it's worth, my birth was a blessing Sent to live and die, on earth as a lesson We each have a star, all we have to do is find it Once you do, everyone who sees it will be blinded (WHAT?) They'll tell you that you're bright, and say you have a future When you turn your back, same cats'll try to shoot ya Niggaz ain't shit, I can live on both sides of the fence Forget what you do, when you talk, see what you really meant (aight?) That's what I thought, them niggaz was bluffin (uh) They talk all day but say, nothin (uh) It gets so dark (what?) the pain's so intense Since this first rain it's like it's rained ever since (WHAT?) Never got paid for a rhyme but I flow (whoo) Never got a plate on time but I grow (whoo) Live your life, STAY on the line but I go (UHH) Went from doin crime to bein kind cause I know Chorus: DMX (repeat 2X) I'm gon' live forever, I'm never gon' die Only thing I fear is that I'm never gon' fly Carry my weight but I'm never gon' cry Shit I tell y'all niggaz straight cause I'm never gon' lie [DMX] What is about who I am that makes me unforgettable (HMM) What it is about what I've done that makes it so incredible (uhh) "More money, more problems" -- well the fame was worse (uh-huh) I reached out for love and what came back was thirst (WHAT?) Blessed with the curse (uh) niggaz don't hear me Niggaz don't hear me, Y'ALL NIGGAZ, don't hear me (uh) What'd I just say? "Niggaz don't hear you!" See that? You gots to FEEL ME to catch what I'm sayin, BELIEVE THAT (UHH!) But leave that, alone (WHAT?) We gon' make a nigga wanna be at, your home (WHAT?) Oh you kinda quiet with the heat at, your dome (UHH!) If the dog got he's gonna bring back a bone cause we got the chrome (C'MON!) This is what I live for, or die for I'm the nigga with the high score, you try for What you niggaz wanna lie for? It changes nothin I'm true for cats, yet some strangers bluffin Chorus [DMX] Now if I take what he gave me and I, use it right (uh-huh) In other words if I listen and, use the light (uh-huh) Then what I say will remain here, after I'm gone Still here, on the strength of a song, I live on (HMM) No second-guessin on what I stood for, I was good for stoppin niggaz from killin each other in the hood war (UHH) Comin through showin love, throwin up (UHH) Them cats not throwin love, you know whassup (WHAT?) Dark Man baby, that's my name and I gots to be the realest nigga (UHH) up in this game Cause ain't no shame, they don't make em like, this no more Real to the core, big heart but built for war I stand for what I believe in Even if what I believe in stops me from breathin Relatives grievin, but I ain't went nowhere Listen to the song (C'MON) I'm right there Chorus The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DMX Album: ...And Then There Was X Song: Here We Go Again Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [DMX] Same old shit dog, just a different day You know how niggaz do, when we play, how we play 	IT IS NOT, A FUCKING GAME! A man's gotta do what a man's gotta do If it's fuck me nigga, you know it's fuck you I kick it to shorty to try to help him understand (uhh) Hit him with work, cause yo, that's my little man (uh-huh) He asked a few questions bout the game and I told him (yeh) So when he made a bad move it was my place to scold him (aight) Never told him nuttin wrong, kept it fair Didn't listen, so I might as well have been talkin to the air (damn) Everybody makes mistakes, a mistake is aight But if it ain't, I'ma tell you straight, time to say goodnight Nobody likes to be played, regardless of the relationship but shorty's fuckin up big time, I HATE THIS SHIT I'm caught in the middle of, havin love for a lil nigga knowin what's expected of me as a, real nigga (damn) My next move is crucial, what do I do? How do I keep it real with shorty in my crew? Didn't want to kill him, so instead of puttin the Mac on him I did the only thing I could do, turn my back on him (aight?) Chorus: DMX Here we go again.. Same old shit dog, just a different day Here we go again.. You know how niggaz do, when we play, how we play Here we go again.. A man's gotta do what a man's gotta do Here we go again.. So if it's fuck me nigga, then you know it's fuck you [DMX] Niggaz that I fuck wit, wanna get him dead But I'm cool with shorty's peoples, so I let him live Under normal circumstances, he would be a marked man but I hit him with a grand, just didn't shake his hand (ooh) Go about your business (uh-huh) do what you gonna do (uh) Be what you gon' be, I wash my hands, I'm through (aight?) I can forgive I just can't forget You're on your own lil' man don't ask me for shit (no) If you paid attention to what I taught you then you good (uhh) If I see you again, GET IT, understood? Go 'head before I change my mind cause you know you should be dead "I just wanted to say --" AIGHT?!!!! GO 'HEAD! Instinct told me to kill him but the saviour is I'm a good nigga, plus I owed his peeps a favor (hmm) But I also knew, the decision I just made (yeah) went against the rules of the game that we played (damn) Chorus [DMX] I should have, followed my first instinct, cause I knew Sometimes you gotta do what you gotta do Now this nigga's fuckin with the competition (WHAT?) Ungrateful motherfucker, shoulda got him missin (WHAT?) This nigga got the nerve, to take my kindness, for a weakness Gotsta get back on some street shit so I can creep this rat, when I act, take one, set him up, to take two get him there, take three, get him done Wasn't hard for me to get him where I wanted him, confronted him {*barrel spins*} BZZZZZZZT, CLICK! There was a bullet in one of them Feelin lucky? CLICK, looks like you are CLICK CLICK CLICK, luck ain't goin too far What you did was put on another pair of shoes and they just happened to be too big What you did was stupid (damn) real fuckin stupid (aight?) Well shorty I gave you a chance and what did you do? Threw it back in my fuckin face so FUCK YOU TOO *BLAM* aight? Chorus 2X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DMX Album: ...And Then There Was X Song: Party Up Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [DMX] Uhh.. UH! .. WHOO! Chorus: DMX Y'all gon' make me lose my mind up in HERE, up in here Y'all gon' make me go all out up in here, up in here Y'all gon' make me act a FOOL up in HERE, up in here Y'all gon' make me lose my cool up in here, up in here [DMX] If I gotsta bring it to you cowards then it's gonna be quick, aight All your mens up in the jail before, suck my dick and all them other cats you run with, get done with, dumb quick How the fuck you gonna cross the dog with some bum shit? Aight There go the gun click, nine one one shit All over some dumb shit, ain't that some shit Y'all niggaz remind me of a strip club, cause everytime you come around, it's like (what) I just gotta get my dick sucked And I don't know who the fuck you think you talkin to but I'm not him, aight slim? So watch what you do Or you gon' find yourself, buried next to someone else and we all thought you loved yourself But that couldn't have been the issue, or maybe they just sayin that, now cause they miss you Shit a nigga tried to diss you That's why you layin on your back, lookin at the roof of the church Preacher tellin the truth and it hurts Chorus [DMX] Off the chain I leave niggaz soft in the brain cause niggaz still want the fame, off the name First of all, you ain't rapped long enough to be fuckin with me and you, you ain't strong enough So whatever it is you puffin on that got you think that you Superman I got the Kryptonite, should I smack him with my dick and the mic? Y'all niggaz is characters, not even good actors What's gon' be the outcome? Hmm, let's add up all the factors You wack, you're twisted, your girl's a hoe You're broke, the kid ain't yours, and e'rybody know Your old man say you stupid, you be like, "So? I love my baby mother, I never let her go" I'm tired of weak ass niggaz whinin over puss that don't belong to them, fuck is wrong with them? They fuck it up for real niggaz like my mans and them who get it on on the strength of the hands with them, MAN Chorus [DMX] I bring down rains so heavy it curse the head No more talkin - put him in the dirt instead You keep walin - lest you tryin to end up red Cause if I end up fed, y'all end up dead Cause youse a soft type nigga Fake up North type nigga Puss like a soft white nigga Dog is a dog, blood's thicker than water We done been through the mud and we quicker to slaughter The bigger the order, the more guns we brought out We run up in there, e'rybody come out, don't nobody run out Sun in to sun out, I'ma keep the gun out Nigga runnin his mouth? I'ma blow his lung out Listen, yo' ass is about to be missin You know who gon' find you? (Who?) Some old man fishin Grandma wishin your soul's at rest but it's hard to digest with the size of the hole in your chest Chorus [DMX] Hold up! ERRRRRRRR! One.. two.. meet me outside meet me outside, meet me outside All my Ruff Ry-DERS gon' meet me outside meet me outside, meet me outside All my big ball-ERS gon' meet me outside meet me outside, meet me outside All my fly lad-IES gon' meet me outside meet me outside, meet me outside All my street street peoples meet me outside meet me outside, outside motherfucker X is got y'all bouncin again Bouncin again, bounce-bouncin again Dark Man X got ya bouncin again Bouncin again, bounce-bouncin again Swizz Beatz got y'all bouncin again Bouncin again, bounce-bouncin again (Swizz Beatz) Ruff Ryders got y'all bouncin again (DMX) Bouncin again, bounce-bouncin again Dark Man keep you bouncin again Bouncin again, bounce-bouncin again Dark Man keep you bouncin again Bouncin again, bounce-bouncin again All my streets they bouncin again Bouncin again, we're bouncin again Swizz Swizz Beatz we bouncin again Bouncin again and we bouncin again Double R keep it comin, ain't nuttin y'all Ain't nuttin y'all can do, now.. {*BOOM*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DMX Album: ...And Then There Was X Song: Make a Move Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [DMX] Grrrrrrrrrrrrr.. mm.. Chorus: DMX I gots to make a move and make it soon, uhh I gots to take a block and make it boom {*BOOM*} I take the car and hit it with this boom Now come on, let's get that money! [DMX] It's two o'clock and I'm just about to hit the street Til I knock off this rock I don't get to eat Sometimes that's like that's the only reason why I hustle Step on toes, strongarm and show a lil' muscle Ain't no real dough, that's why a nigga feel so frustrated I hate it, seein crab niggaz that made it And I'm robbin cats just as broke as myself Livin foul and ain't lookin out for my health, where's the wealth? Not in New York, cause niggaz talk about goin out of state Money got an eighth, comin back, hot with a lot of weight Where's my plate nigga? I'm hungry too So I'ma do like hungry do, and get a hungry crew Niggaz that ain't never had, and doin bad Won't be bad to get up off that stoop lookin sad Grab your bags, it's about to go down We goin to this hicktown, let's get the lowdown, on how they get down Chorus 2X [DMX] I gots to make a move and make it soon Gots to take a block and make it boom we comin through so make some room Found somethin that could be somethin if I pump it up This kid Black is the only thing that could fuck it up The purple top ?thirty-five smalls a ring of games? but I'ma crush him with the black 40 double-L's I send two niggaz back up top, and come back we chop up rock, by midnight, we open up shop It's four in the mornin, we on the block creepin Killin the cash, while yo' ass is sleepin Look here, I'm what they call a true hustler cause nigga if I ain't know you since I was like six then I don't trust ya And we'll bust ya over somethin petty like a few dollars Put somethin hot up in that ass and watch you holla ("Ahhhhh!") You think I'm here for the hoe flow? I want the dough flow and fuck the po'-po', nigga keep a fo'-fo' Chorus 2X [DMX] I spend my money on niggaz cause niggaz get me rich and a bitch ain't doin shit but suckin my dick Niggaz is family now, and we stand strong Thirty niggaz on six blocks, makin the cash long Shit is good, because niggaz gettin what they been wantin and we see the same shit, other New York niggaz frontin Stick up kids huntin, but I ain't got no love for em I keep the burner and the duster with the glove for em Them motherfuckin knockers come at us and chop us and I know they, really tryin to stop us and wanna drop us So we pump, from the alley and the last house we use as a cash house It's holdin em strong, it's a stash house I got runners that work for twelve hour shifts and when them niggaz keep they count correct, I don't riff But I ain't tryin to hear that nigga took your pack shit Ain't tryin to hear jack shit, fuck the black bitch I ain't a greedy nigga, all I want is a five year run If I don't make it, then fuck it, let me die near a gun Got bitches to transport without an escort I'm makin moves from D.C. up to Westport Local police ain't a problem cause they don't even stress us It be them ATF niggaz that have you under pressure Just so you know, ain't gon' never put my glock down (why nigga?) Cause I'm a hustlin motherfucker, and I'm holdin my block down Chorus 2X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DMX f/ Sisqo (Dru Hill) Album: ...And Then There Was X Song: What These Bitches Want Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [DMX]	Uhh.. [Sisqo]	DMX, Sisqo [DMX]	Yo.. what these bitches want from a nigga? [Sisqo]	Dru Hill, yaknahmsayin? [DMX]	What these bitches want from a nigga? [Sisqo]	HmmmMMMMMM (Ruff Ryders) DMX break em off  [DMX]	What these bitches want from a nigga? [Sisqo]	Break em off, some.. [DMX] Aiyyo!! Dog, I meet bitches, discrete bitches Street bitches, slash, Cocoa Puff sweet bitches (WHAT?) Make you wanna eat bitches, but not me Y'all niggaz eat off the plate all you want but not D (UHH) I fuck with these hoes from a distance The instant they start to catch feelings I start to stealin they shit then I'm out just like a thief in the night I sink my teeth in to bite You thinkin life, I'm thinkin more like - whassup tonight? Come on ma, you know I got a wife and even though that pussy tight I'm not gon' jeapordize my life (aight?) So what is it you want from a nigga? (WHAT?) I gave you, you gave me - BITCH, I blazed you, you blazed me (c'mon) Nothin more, nothin less, but you at my door willin to confess that it's the best you ever tested Better than all the rest, I'm like, "Aight girlfriend, hold up I gave you, what you gave me Boo, a nut (f'real)" Chorus: Sisqo What these bitches want from a nigga? 	What you want.. (what you want) What these bitches want from a nigga? 	Really want.. What these bitches want from a nigga? 	I've been keepin you up on it 	Bling bling'n, on that jewelry girl I bought it What these bitches want from a nigga? 	Aiyyo, tell me what you want from me 	Baby tell me what you want from me! 	(So what you want?) [DMX] There was Brenda, LaTisha, Linda, Felicia (okay) Dawn, LeShaun, Ines, and Alicia (ooh) Teresa, Monica, Sharron, Nicki (uh-huh) Lisa, Veronica, Karen, Vicky (damn) Cookies, well I met her in a ice cream parlor (aight?) Tonya, Diane, Lori and Carla (okay) Marina (uhh) Selena (uhh) Katrina (uhh) Sabrina (uhh) About three Kim's (WHAT?) LaToya, and Tina (WHOO!) Shelley, Bridget, Cavi, Rasheeda (uh-huh) Kelly, Nicole, Angel, Juanita (damn!) Stacy, Tracie, Rohna, and Ronda (WHAT?) Donna, Ulanda (WHAT?) Tawana, and Wanda (WHAT?) were all treated fairly but yet and still bitches is on some other shit now that I'm fuckin wit Dru Hill But I'ma keep it real (WHAT?) What the fuck you want from a nigga? (c'mon) What the fuck you want from a nigga? (c'mon) Chorus (w/ minor variations) [DMX] Aiyyo, I think about when a nigga didn't have (YEAH) and a nigga told a joke, and the bitches didn't laugh See now I do the math, I see if you got this  and this and this to some cats, that nigga's the shit (aight?) And that's all they fuckin with, but see these bitches don't know If these bitches ain't for real, these bitches don't go Knock on door, no show, I'm sleep tryin to creep wit yo' best friend, put it in, dig deep [Sisqo - singing over dub chorus] X let me talk to em for a minute Oooohhh I know I know it's so hard to be a victim of my reality Heard you callin me names, said I was trife One thing you gotta know, I'ma be a nigga for life Ooooooooooh yeahhhhhhhhh yeahhhh Oahahohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh Chorus 2X (w/ Sisqo ad-libs) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DMX Album: ...And Then There Was X Song: What's My Name Typed by: mamasuga@hmc.edu, ghettofabulous98@hotmail.com This is the fuckin shit I be talkin about Half rappin' ass mothafuckers You think it's a game? You think it's a fuckin GAME? Come on, uh, uh, uh Come on, uh, uh… What'cha really want What'cha really want, what D-M-X, uh, uh… Come on, Ryde or die Ay yo, ay yo, ay yo What's my name? DMX and I be the best You see the rest they lookin like they need a rest One more time, I'mma spit at you some shit That's gon get at you be fuckin with your mind, stop talkin shit Cuz you out there runnin' your mouth And really don't know who you fuckin with Here we go again How many times do I have to tell you rap niggas? I have no friends you still actin up Runnin around here like some brand new pussy that's about to get fucked The game don't stop, I'm still gettin down for whatever Whenever that's why my shit is hot, can't keep it real Now, some of us do but most of us don't that's just how a nigga feel I shed blood, for my people that'll keep you lookin see-through Whenever you try to creep through [CHORUS] x2 D-M-X If you want it we got it Come and get it nigga we wit it All you gotta do is set it baby Ryde or die What'cha niggas want, uh, uh What'cha niggas want You still playin games You gon think it's a joke until they no longer remember your name That's how we do ‘em Make cowards disappear into thin air by puttin shit through em Never comin' back Last time you saw that nigga is the last time you'll see that nigga  (alright) No more deaths Cuz in a minute you gonna have grandma bein the only family member left Bust my gun If I gots to kill a nigga but I'm always down for the one on one Dog for life We gon get to the bottom of this shit if it takes all night Stop drop Open up shop (what?) Fake up-north niggas screamin' for the cops Ryde or die What that mean is that a tell a nigga bye-bye and pop him in his right eye [CHORUS] x2 Look at all these off brand niggas Runnin' around yappin' about they be holdin figgas as big as Jigga's That's that bullshit Hope they know that around me talkin' about what you got will get you hit I'm not a nice person I mean I'd smack the shit out you twice dog and that's before I start  cursin' I stay flippin' One minute I'm cool, the next minute I'm up on a nigga, rippin' That's my style I'm a cruddy nigga leave you all bloody nigga service with a smile Suck my dick And while you niggas that's been to jail before know it's about to get thick Let's get it on baby I'm gonna be goin' against 4 niggas in one and you think you crazy? I've lost my mind And I'm about to make you lose yours too from far away one time [CHORUS] x4 D-M-X! [CHORUS] D-M-X! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DMX Album: ...And Then There Was X Song: More 2 a Song Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash, sexydelvcun@postmark.net [DMX] Uhh.. c'mon! Chorus: DMX (Dog) It's more to a song than, jewelry and clothes More to a niggaz life than, money and hoes The game is a lot bigger than you, think you know And if you think you know, then I don't think you know [DMX] Niggaz - walk around frontin (frontin) talkin bout jewels (jewels) how much you bust tools, y'all niggaz sounds like fools (woo) Who you really think give a fuck how much your watch cost? (mm-hmm) How much your watch cost? You bout to get your watch lost (aight) If you flashin it, you must not want it See I fuck with real niggaz that done it You know what time it is, run it! Niggaz got more important shit to deal with Talkin about some 4 wheel shit  but my man here is about to kill shit (UH!) Keep playin niggaz pussy, and you will get fucked Why don't you cop some more ice dog; then you will get stuck and fucked Bitch-ass nigga, hit my street and see what happens to that iceberg when it's hit by heat (woo) It want be a pretty sight, you and your pretty wife Oh you must have forgot dog, this is the shitty life (aight?) Ain't a fuckin thing sweet, and ain't nothing fair Just another nigga dead, don't a motherfucker care Chorus: repeat 2X [DMX] Born and raisesd in the projects and can't forget it And all that grimmy shit niggaz do, I done did it (uhh) And I'm still wit it, nigga I stay in the hood But when the cats is out, bet the dog, play in the hood You keep bringin them fake bitches through  You gon' fuck around and make bitches do (WHAT?) We take bitches too (aight?) An if you comin through my block, it's gon' be the last stop We blast tops, faggots couldn't make it to the stash box (c'mon!) Big ass rocks, I want that! Fuck the blood All that shit washes off, the next day I'm like, "What?" Flossin yo' shit, what I want for yo' shit? (uhh, uhh) Give a nigga like three bricks to feed the dogs with Cause I ain't really gots to shine (Why?) When they do, I do For me them niggaz'll hide you, where nobody'll find you If you eatin motherfucker, then your dogs should be eatin too Not just four or five niggaz Cause you know what the streets'll do Chorus: repeat 2X [DMX] I will be the voice of the street til I die (die) Cause I know if I keep my heart real, I'm gon' fly (fly) Either let me fly or give me death; if you didn't catch it then get it now, cause it's all that's left And this will be the last breath (uh) provokin my niggaz (uh) to start choking y'all niggaz (WHAT?) and smokin y'all niggaz A nigga would never have to say, "X feed me!" You'll never hear a nigga say, "X is greedy!" Only, "X believe me! I didn't know it was a setup!" Get up, cocksuckin motherfucker, shut up Shut up {*"pop pop"*} Fuck you nigga From the hood to the wood, fuck you nigga This for my dogs, til death do us part I'm still here, cause I been here from the start (aight?) If I'm ever anywhere, anytime it gets ugly (WHAT?) The dog is aight, cause I know the streets love me (grrrrrrrrr) Chorus: repeat 2X [DMX] (*speaking softly*) Dog.. Jewelry and clothes.. Money and hoes.. Think you know? I don't think you know.. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DMX Album: ...And Then There Was X Song: Don't You Ever Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [DMX] Don't do it dog, it's just not worth it Uhh.. grrrrrr.. what the fuck have they done? Arf! Arf! Chorus: DMX (repeat 2X) Now don't you ever (fuck around) Now don't you ever (fuck around) Nigga don't you ever (fuck around) Now don't you ever (fuck around) [DMX] Aiyyo I got a mean flow that'll drown niggaz, put down niggaz Can't stand to be around niggaz if they clown niggaz How many times must I break the same niggaz off somethin dumb so we know, where the fuck I'm comin from? Gun and ones, watch a black nigga turn purple with this fo'-pound, I bust mo' rounds, in the circle The nigga that tried is the same nigga that fried So he'll never rest in peace cause of the way that he died I'm Evil, like Kneival, faggot I'll leave you like I shoulda did your peoples before they could conceive you How's a buck-fifty sound, for a quick ass cut? Here's a flasback, I fuckin blow your bitch-ass up And it's no problem, handlin a nigga with a death wish Leave him breatheless, and hit his wife with a dead fish Must I show this nigga, I can throw this nigga, I'll blow this nigga You can get it too, because you know this nigga Chorus [DMX] I get pumped, just like a bodybuilder And it's been more than a couple of times my pump shottie spilt a nigga's guts on the door, because he wanted more than he could stand, now him and his man is on the floor That's what you get for talkin shit you shouldn'ta got me started You motherfuckers never wanted nuttin, but you got it I shit on niggaz like a toilet, cause all it, takes is a second for it to get hectic so call it How you want it? Punk bitch talkin junk bitch Fuck around and you'll be found in a trunk bitch Niggaz is off-brand like no frills And I got mo' skills to show my fo' kills, my fuckin fo' thrills Got some cold shit, have you like - "Oh shit!" Don't laugh money When I'm done with this nigga, I'm gettin in yo' shit Break niggaz, especially fake niggaz over dumb shit with one hit, watch the dum-dum split this bum's shit Chorus [DMX] Fuckin see some cats thinkin the worst Dumb cats, them cats sleep in a hearse Where yo' guns at? Run that, see a nigga thirst Been there, done that, and did it first Nigga can't tell me shit about this And I keep somethin that'll hit if I miss One thing a nigga stay with is hot shit Got this, what you cats want? Not this I constantly gots to remind young niggaz Uh-uhh, don't do that, some niggaz think cause I ain't killed a nigga this week that shit is sweet Fuck around, you'll be dead in the street Red with a sheet, over the corpse Shit is deep, so I shed a tear, over the loss If you creep, then you niggaz'll roll with the force Shoulda paid that money that you owed to the boss Chorus [DMX] Uh-huh Don't do it dog, it's just not worth it Please heh, for your sake, hehehe Y'know? C'mon! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DMX f/ Drag-On, The L.O.X. Album: ...And Then There Was X Song: D-X-L (Hard White) Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash, d_dawg123@hotmail.com [Styles P] Holiday Styles Bitch, I get you shot in the head or shot in the neck  if I ain't gettin proper respect I don't care if you rap, I still spit in your grill I don't give a fuck, never have, never will If it ain't on your hip, then you're lookin to die I ain't tryin to be the nigga that's gonna look at the sky Ask God why I'm broke, bitch, I'm cooking the pie We all gon' die, sooner or later, matter of time My niggaz sell crack, with a package of dimes Hundred or more, in front of the store, waitin to bubble Brand new nine, and an eight in a bubble I put sixteen above ya neck, I love my set Niggaz think they a thug, then thug to death (uh-huh) Cause the P gonna squeeze 'til no slugs is left (what) You know I'm good with a hundred of 'dro, gun and an O You think your shit butter? Hop in front of this toast [Sheik] Yo, aiyyo, aiyyo I say what I want, fuck what y'all think is cool And I hate cops, cause most y'all was dicks in school No pussy gettin niggaz tryin to cuff the God Play Sheik out in the yard, but that shit too hard My dough too long, nowadays, my flow too strong What y'all make in a year, I kick that for a song Check my car, I don't care, I don't play fair Keep some shit in the stash box, then get me the chair And it don't buck shot and the blast is hard to hear I'm a true thug nigga, bring it straight to your crew Small yell when I rap, I'm basically talkin to you You see the pain in my eye? Nigga, the flame in my eye? I'm tryin to leave my kids some real fuckin change when I die from rappin or tellin some cat to reach for the sky I'm that hunt down nigga, with the four pound nigga Bounty hunt your whole crew til my bullets go through, WHAT? [Jadakiss] Yo, yo, yo, yo All I need is a big gun and a Coupe that's crazy quick A nice house with five rooms, maybe six A town where money is coming, eighty bricks Break 'em down to all twenties, is a crazy flip Bet you never even felt the heat til I put the M1 next to your waves and melt the grease Streets help niggaz; niggaz don't help the streets Y'all use beats for help; we help the beats Who want it with me? Who want it with Sheek? Who want it with P? If I say so myself, it's a wonderful three Be in the hood with all your jewels in the glovebox Same niggas that-a rob you love L.O.X. (uh) All types of burners, even snub glocks (uh) Nice size tecs you could carry in your sweats (uh) Find your man dead in the trunk of a car (uh) It's Jada {*mwwaa*} responsible for breakin your heart (uh) Uh [Drag-On] Creep through the streets For some of y'all rappers, that's mighty hard Me the Security? Protectin my body? I let my shotty guard Put chill pills in brains, bullets like Tylenol Make niggaz drowsy from the blood loss, got em noddin off And take casket naps, fuck that You shoulda never let this bastard rap All I know is cold winter, hot slugs through your snorkel No parents, tale from my horror's no morals Raised in the wrong era, with no guidance So you dyin? It's no problem, no lyin Drag's fire; so ya hamburger beef? I french-fry 'em Drag done ate your food Like I know to raise your dukes so guard your chin up Drag barrels, but shit, I spit-bubble your skin up Drag scorch niggaz for dinner but season 'em well I don't brag I let the streets tell Po'-po' now you see he fell [DMX] {*overlapping last line*} Uh, uh, now you motherfuckers  know what my name means when you hear it in the streets (uh) Y'all bitches fear it cause you weak You wanna hear it? I make it speak (WHAT?) You ain't ever bust a gun, but there's a lot of greasy talkin (uh-huh) What the science behind that son? (I don't know) A lot of easy walkin I bust shit down (uh) got down (uh) kick down (uh) shot down (uh) Ain't tryin to talk about what I got now, but I got now (WHAT?) I ain't never sold a brick, I done stuck niggaz up (c'mon) And for talkin too much shit? I done fucked niggaz up (uh) It can get "Dark" for real, and I think you already know that (uh-huh) Well think about it with the brick in your hand before you throw that Now don't act, cause actin might get you rollin with what you ain't ready to handle (UHH) All that's left of your memory, is a candle (WOO!) It happens quick fast nigga, to bitch ass niggaz Talkin reckless behind your back, them kiss ass niggaz (uh) From the rap shit to the street shit, I keep shit tight Let them cats spit that weak shit (What!) I'm DOG FOR LIFE! NIGGA! [Styles] (Sheek) They gon' need extra guns and extra blocks 	(They wanna Ruff Ryde, Ruff Ryde, Ruff Ryde) They gon' need extra jails and extra cops 	(They wanna Ruff Ryde, Ruff Ryde, Ruff Ryde) They gon' need extra pits and extra glocks 	(They wanna Ruff Ryde, Ruff Ryde, Ruff Ryde) They gon' need extra chains and extra watches 	(They wanna Ruff Ryde, Ruff Ryde, Ruff Ryde) They gon' need extra guns and extra blocks 	(They wanna Ruff Ryde, Ruff Ryde, Ruff Ryde) They gon' need extra jails and extra cops 	(They wanna Ruff Ryde, Ruff Ryde, Ruff Ryde) They gon' need extra pits and extra glocks 	(They wanna Ruff Ryde, Ruff Ryde, Ruff Ryde) They gon' need extra chains and extra watches 	(They wanna Ruff Ryde, Ruff Ryde, Ruff Ryde) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DMX  Album: ...And Then There Was X Song: Comin' For Ya Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash, RR2000D@AOL.COM Hey Mimi Word? {*dogs barking*} Get em boy.. get em boy! Get em boy! Get em boy! Boyyyyyyy! ("There's nothin you can do..." *repeats in background*) Chorus: DMX (repeat 2X) X is comin' for ya, can't do nothin for ya Cause X is comin' for ya Run, hide, duck, duck We don't give a fuck, fuck  [DMX] Look in the mirror (uh) say my name five times Turn out the lights (WHAT?) then I done crooked nine lives Don't get scared now nigga, finish it cause you started it Watch shit grow out of control, now you want no part of it (c'mon) Nigga, where yo' heart at? Tell me what you made of Already lost a stripe cause I know what you afraid of We both know you pussy, but I ain't gonna say nuttin Just hit a nigga off, and you can stay frontin (uhh) I gotcha back for now, till I cased the joint (what?) Plus, give the Feds a real good place to point (what?) and laced the joint, I ain't gonna front I had my hands full Glad to be alive, but you like, that's that bull (grrrrr) But now you know, what you get, when you fuckin wit cause you shoulda left alone, now you stuck in shit Duckin shit, til that headpiece gets BLAZED Screamin this, ahh, cease to the grave Its over, at least for you it is It don't think the coroner, to see how true it is I knew these kid, but did that stop me from gettin em, screamin IT WAS ALL FOR THE MONEY, while I'm hittin and splittin him down from his nose to his nuts (what?) Fire department comin, put the hose to his guts (what?) Washed away, just like dirt when it rains (uh) And now because of you, I hurt when it rains (grrrrr) Chorus [DMX] My real name is Damien and my girl's name is Carrie That Poltergeist bitch is hot, but too young to marry That nigga Satan be fakin mad jacks so I taxed his ass Every chance I get, is just another hit (uh, uh, uh, what?) Another nigga split; there go white meat - another nigga takin up room in the morgue under a white sheet (c'mon) That's what you get for tryin to take it there (uhh) But with this Desert Eagle in your mouth you cryin bout let's make it fair (uhh) Sometimes it takes pain to make the brain a little smarter (uh-huh) When I think the rain will stop, it only starts to rain harder (uh-huh) Part of the game is niggaz wanna become fam-ous and doin the same shit I do, remain nameless (uh, uh, uh, uh) I want house money, Jag money (what?) so I gots ta bag money I ain't laughin, but yo it's mad funny (c'mon) I used to talk about that shit you got but you ain't never got that shit when that shit get hot! Runnin up in the spot with, two niggaz from Israel Cause it is-real, you did squeal, now how you think yo' kids feel? knowin you died a snitch, I look in yo' eyes and see a bitch Wasn't surprised to see a switch (c'mon) Let's make it quick, I got a flight at 6 goin to Pakistan So let this nigga know, I know he pussy, I'ma smack his man (uhh) Fuckin Willie niggas and silly niggaz I'd rather be eatin of a plate  with all them Baltimore and Philly niggaz (WHAT?) Cause I done took about as much I can stand A nigga smilin in my face like they my motherfuckin man Aiyyo, it gets a lot worse, cause there's a curse (WHAT?) that says, the reward for bein real, is a hearse before you turn thirty, cause the dirty shit you did (uhh) catches up and get you right when you thought you slid It's gettin dark, and with the cold to the heart You realize, you ain't gonna see your shorty  old enough to walk, for real Chorus The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DMX Album: ...And Then There Was X Song: Prayer III Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [DMX] Let us pray Lord Jesus it is you, who wakes me up every day And I am forever grateful for your love.. .. this is why I pray You let me touch so many people, and it's all for the good I influenced so many children, I never thought that I would And I couldn't take credit for the love they get because it all comes from you Lord; I'm just the one that's givin it And when it seems like the pressure gets to be too much I take time out and pray, and ask that you be my crutch Lord I am not perfect by a longshot -- I confess to you daily But I work harder everyday, and I hope that you hear me In my heart I mean well, but if you'll help me to grow then what I have in my heart, will begin to show And when I get goin, I'm not lookin back for NOTHIN Cause I will know where I'm headed, cause I'm so tired of the sufferin I stand before you, a weakened version of, your reflection Beggin for direction, for my soul needs resurrection I don't deserve what you've given me, but you never took it from me because I am grateful, and I use it, and I do not, worship money If what you want from me is to bring your children to you my regret is only having one life to do it, instead of two Amen The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DMX f/ Regina Bell Album: ...And Then There Was X Song: Angel Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Regina Bell harmonizing while DMX speaks] 	What good is it.. 	for a man to, gain the world.. 	yet lose his own soul, in the process? [Bell]	God loves you, yes he does 	Said you're alright with him [DMX]	I wonder.. Chorus: Regina Bell (repeat 2X) I know you never seen him but don't fight with him You're gonna make it through the night to the light with him Uhh, you're alright with him I said you're alright with him [DMX] I'm callin out to you Lord, because I need your help See once again I'm havin difficulty savin myself behavin myself, you told me what to do, and I do it But every and now and then, gets a little harder to go through it Losin friends, day by day I'm in so much pain when I'm here Lord, please take me away 	I put you here to do a job, and your work ain't done 	To live is to suffer, but you're still my son 	And there will be a time when you shine as bright as the stars 	But there won't be a, his or hers, just ours 	Then you'll see what I've been tryin to show you, all these years 	Do the right thing; cause after the tears, come the cheers I will, my Lord, with my heart, and my soul That's gonna be how I roll, from now until I'm old Lead and I'll follow, you take away the sorrow I'ma sleep on what you said and holla back tomorrow Chorus [DMX] I want you to know Lord, that for what you've given me I'm thankful Sincerely, from the bottom of my heart, I'm grateful You gave us power in our words, so I think before I speak And that way when I speak, they know I'm here to teach Can't tell em nothin wrong, cause I love em too much I reach a lot of people, and Lord, I'm lovin the touch But deep inside, I've got somethin that's workin against everything I know is right, what I know makes sense 	That's when you must fight harder, than you've ever fought before 	cause what you've got goin on inside you is a war 	between good and evil, be careful of those who wanna be you 	They smile, but are not really happy when they see you 	Be careful of the ones that always wanna get you high 	Cause when the time comes, that one'll let you die 	Listen to me! I'm here, but I can only help you 	if you want me to help, what do you want for yourself? Chorus [DMX] My Lord, my saviour, don't judge my behaviour but instead, take what's in my heart and put it in my head See I guess I really never knew, how proud I made you My life is yours, my soul I gave you I don't know if I'll do good enough (he's by your side) And we both know the hood is rough (right by your side) Sometimes I don't know what to do (X, dry your eyes) But I know what I gotta do (it'll be alright) You keep givin me the word, and I'll put it to song Talk to me, I'll talk to them, and we can't go wrong This is the start of somethin strong, and this is just the start of it Praises to you my Lord, for lettin me be a part of it I was that kid that, been there, did that Became ashamed so I hid that But, ain't no longer with that Use me as an example - if I can do, then they can too With the Lord behind us, there ain't nothin that we can't do Chorus [Regina Bell] He's by your side Right by your side X, dry your eyes cause it'll be alright Yeah, he's by your side Right by your side X, dry your eyes Cause, it'ssssssssss gonna be alright Yeah yeah, yes it isssssssssss The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DMX f/ Dyme Album: ...And Then There Was X Song: Good Girls, Bad Guys Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash, DMXLyrics@yahoo.com [Dyme] Why do good girls (what what what) like bad guys? [DMX] Hey yo Boo, why do (good girls) like bad guys? Knowin that bad guys tell mad lies? (And why do) dog niggaz (want a honey wit class?) (Sometimes you want more than just a honey wit ass) [DMX] Uh, uh Hey yo, who would ever think that the two would go good Midtown honey, nigga from the hood But knock on wood, I got this bitch (what?) excuse me She don't like to be called a bitch, try not to lose me The rules we go by, where I'm from, she don't know When I say I'm goin around the way, she won't go (Hell no) C'mon baby, you aight with me Tryin to get you, to spend the whole night with me (But I'm a good girl) Uhh, that's why I like her Couldn't treat her like a hoodrat, didn't bite her Turn a church girl to a straight Ruff Ryder Take her to the Ramada make it an all nighter (Oh no, I only go to the Swiss hotel) Fuckin with me? I have you in the back of the Chevelle Like what (what) hittin it raw dogg in the butt You was good this mornin, but tonight you a slut Chorus: DMX (Dyme) Why do (good girls) like bad guys Knowin that bad guys tell mad lies? (And why do) dog niggaz (want a honey wit class?) (Sometimes you want more than just a honey wit ass) Hey yo Boo, why do (good girls) like bad guys Knowin that bad guys tell mad lies? (Then why do) dog niggaz (want a honey wit class?) (Sometimes you want more than just a honey wit ass) [Dyme] Hey yo Boo, I'm diggin you, cause you make me wanna do all them things I was taught I wasn't supposed to I'm secure, keep it tight while you on tour (You fuckin wit a dog!) That's why I'm feelin you more Attractive to me, wit yo' tactics Hit it like AHHH! Make me backflip (You been tryin to act, rich, that's why I taxed you And I just got married) Hell, but I ain't even ask you (I'm just tellin you, cause nowadays, bitches be flippin) One more bitch, I'm skippin (Damn girl, stop trippin) Cause you be actin like (Listen, I ain't always talkin money But I will keep you wit a smile, and walkin funny So what's it gon' be?) Yo, what you mean? (What to do? You want the nigga wit the slacks, or the jeans and the boots? You wanna be safe or be laced, cause you can be replaced) Yeah, you can be erased (Don't get slapped, babyface) Chorus [DMX] Man, I got shorty stayin out late (Well I keep him wit a cut and his nails stay clean) At least I get a nut And I got honey rebellin (And I stopped him from sellin) I be gettin away with murder, right? (shit, I ain't tellin) Straight out the hood (yeah, nigga you get mushy) I got honey suckin dick (and I got you eatin pussy) I can be good in a bad way (I can be bad in a good way) Girl, you ain't the same dog (that's what them rats in the hood say or would say, if you was around them more often) I got honey smokin weed (it be havin me coughin) She keep the dog on the leash (when we walk in the streets) And if y'all think it's sweet (then the dog's off the leash Now I don't want no drama, wit no baby's mama I might be a good girl, but I keeps the armor) Girl, you off the hook, but at least now I know why Good girls like bad guys Chorus [Dyme] Why do good girls (what what what) like bad guys? Why do good girls (what what what) like bad guys? Why do good girls (what what what) like bad guys? Why do good girls (what what what) like bad guys? Uhh, uhh C'mon, yeah, I like that C'mon, wha wha what Yeah yeah, DMX Dyme, baby girl Ruff Ryder, uhh, yeah.. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DMX Album: The Great Depression Song: Sometimes Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [DMX] Sometimes I wonder what life's about Sometimes I wonder why the lights are out Sometimes I wonder why I like to shout Sometimes I wonder, what the lies are about Sometimes I see things I shouldn't have seen Sometimes I wonder why, I'm a hood and a fiend Sometimes I look at what I've become and cry Sometimes I, get on that BULLSHIT and be ready to die Sometimes a nigga that's yo' man might get it Sometimes even though it's sweet, if you ain't wit it Sometimes the pain is too much to BEAR Sometimes it RAINS too much to care Sometimes if you, don't watch yo' back it'll cost you Sometimes you wonder, who would give a FUCK if they lost you Yet sometimes the sun shines around the clock But sometimes it's dark, and hell is hot The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DMX Album: The Great Depression Song: School Street Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Grrrrrrr.. uh, uh, uh, YEAH! UHH! Fourth motherfuckin time baby (WHAT?) Out the gate! (uh-huh) You motherfuckers can't be serious (you can't be serious) You thought I'd let you have this shit (WHAT?) YOU THOUGHT THIS RAP SHIT WAS YOURS? (UH-UH! Uh-uh!) You motherfuckers done lost your mind (uh-huh) For real - get the fuck outta here with that bullshit I'm about to let y'all niggaz know, how it's goin dizzy baby Uhh, uhh, UHH, UHH, UH! School Street, School Street, home of the brave Suckers actin like they want it, ends up in the grave (c'mon!) I'm DMX but my, name ain't Dave (uh) Step to my title and I'll crash yo' wave Buildin #80 (uh-huh) used to L-I-V-E (uh-huh) Come through on the, late night tip and you could see me (uhh!) Coolin with D-Nice and Box, my man (WHAT?!) M.R., my number one fan (WHAT?!) Small Paul, Mike Lou, native New Yorkers Chase a.k.a. Kenny, and Chuckie Walters (UH!) Black Shawn, Black Tim and Black Darren (woo!) Black Tyrone, Black Al and Black Baron (woo!) Rob and Carlos, Jersey and Dink (UH!) James Weldon with the, cuban link (c'mon!) Little Nick, Tony Koch, and Ollie (uh-huh) Remember Dre, the one that used to fuck wit Holly (yeah!) Abby and Blue, B-Boyin Shawn Bill Smith, Nick Bird, Scoop and Shawan (UH!) Can't forget Long, Paris, Tone and Donny (WHAT?!) Adman to Steve, Fat Reggie, and Ronnie Black Lonnie, D-Mack, and Michael {*BLAM*} Ha ha! A.K.A. Psycho (WHAT?!) Me and Nick Styles used to get piles of cash (c'mon!) My man Reg kept a jammy in the stash (c'mon!) Aiyyo Flocko, Doug and Jerome (uh-huh!) It won't be long before Ice comes home Nate Karasha, Bin, Buck G's, Bashir, don't give a fuck! (WHAT?!) Little Joe, kickin like Chuck Norris (WHAT?!) Most of all I can't forget my man Forrest (WHAT?!) Fourteen K Alfie, Bubbles Bo (UH!) Ralph (?), Smooth and Derenzo (WHAT?!) The old school with Money Mark and Red Mack (yeah!) Kool Breeze, Dry Kool, and Kangol Jack (uh-huh!) David Earl, Jeff Kato, and Dylan Peace to Mike Coleman (WHAT?!) heard the brother's chillin (woo!) Little niggaz, like Big Joe and Nutty Eighty-eight Dave Dan, the Peanut gettin money Tweety Bird, Big Monty and Docky (UH!) His brother Chico Red Mask Brother Hockey (UH!) Gots to give a shoutout, to the deceased (aight?) Little Monty and Paso, rest in peace Yo I remember all that, cause I was there School Street got shit sewn up all the way to the square (WHAT?!) No one would dare even, stop to stare (UH!) Cause they know we don't care and we don't play fair (UH-HUH!) Yeah, School Street is schoolin (WHAT?!) Fuck what you heard, nigga School Street duelin (WHAT?!) Who you think you foolin you'll end up in yo' grave (c'mon!) Fuckin with School Street, home of the brave (woo!) Motherfucker, now you know.. where I'm from.. where it's at.. WHAT?! Motherfucker get got! {*rapid gun blasts*} Bitch-ass nigga.. home of the brave {*BLAM*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DMX Album: The Great Depression Song: Who We Be Typed by: mack69daddy_@hotmail.com, hump@blueyonder.co.uk [DMX] Uhh, yeah, another one of those (this is for my nigga Q)  down to earth joints (rest in peace baby - you know how we roll) There's so many that don't know (you knew I could do it) They don't knooow, who we beee They don't knooow, who we beee [DMX over Chorus] This goes out to my nigga Q - rest in peace baby (I miss you dog) You still here with me.. what they don't know is! [DMX] The bullshit, the drama (uhh), the guns, the armour (uhh!) The city, the farmer, the babies, the mama (what?!) The projects, the drugs (uhh!), the children, the thugs (uhh!) The tears, the hugs, the love, the slugs (c'mon!) The funerals, the wakes, the churches, the coffins (uhh!) The heartbroken mothers, it happens, too often (why?!) The problems, the things, we use, to solve 'em (what?!) Yonkers, the Bronx (uhh!), Brooklyn, Harlem (c'mon!) The hurt, the pain, the dirt, the rain (uhh!) The jerk, the fame, the work, the game (uhh!) The friends, the foes, the Benz, the hoes (what?!) The studios, the shows, comes, and it goes (c'mon!) The jealousy, the envy, the phony, the friendly (uh-huh!) The one that gave 'em the slugs, the one that put 'em in me (whoo!) The snakes, the grass, too long, to see (uhh, uhh!) The lawnmower, sittin, right next, to the tree (c'mon!) [Chorus 2X] [DMX] What we seeing is! The streets, the cops, the system, harrassment (uh-huh) The options, get shot, go to jail, or getcha ass kicked  (aight) The lawyers, the part, they are, of the puzzle (uh-huh) The release, the warning, "Try not, to get in trouble" (damn!) The snitches, the odds (uhh), probation, parole (what?!) The new charge, the bail, the warrant, the hole (damn!) The cell, the bus, the ride, up North (uh-huh) The greens, the boots, the yard, these hearts (uhh!) The fightin, the stabbin, the pullin, the grabbin (what?!) The riot squad with the captain, nobody knows what happened (what?!) The two years in a box, revenge, the plots (uhh!) The twenty-three hours that's locked, the one hour that's not (uhh!) The silence, the dark, the mind, so fragile (aight!) The wish, that the streets, would have took you, when they had you (damn) The days, the months, the years, dispair One night on my knees, here it comes, the prayer [Chorus 2X] [DMX] This here is all about! My wife, my kids (uh-huh), the life that I live (uh-huh) Through the night, I was his (uh-huh), it was right, but I did (uh-huh) My ups, and downs (uhh), my slips, my falls (uhh) My trials and tribulations (uhh), my heart, my balls (uhh) My mother, my father, I love 'em, I hate 'em (uhh!) Wish God, I didn't have 'em, but I'm glad that he made 'em (uhh!) The roaches, the rats, the strays, the cats (what, what?!) The guns, knives and bats, everytime we scrap The hustlin, the dealin, the robbin, the stealin (uhh!) The shit, hit the ceilin, little boy, with no feelin's (damn) The frustration, rage, trapped inside a cage Got beatin's 'til the age, I carried a twelve gauge (aight!) Somebody stop me (please!), somebody come and get me (what?!) Little did I know, that the Lord was ridin with me The dark, the light (uhh), my heart (uhh), the fight (uhh) The wrong (uhh!), the right (uhh!), it's gone (uhh!), aight? [Chorus 4X] [DMX over Chorus] Man listen These motherfuckers don't know, who we are! They don't know They couldn't possibly fuckin know dawg That's from the heart The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DMX Album: The Great Depression Song: Trina Moe Typed by: obi1one@hotmail.com * * send corrections to the typist WHAT! UHH! WHAT! C'MON! HOOK: AYO! Bounce to that Trina Moe Niggas about to blow Bouncin straight out the door Here we go, here we go [Verse 1] Bloodline, scratch all day, match all weight Only dogs eatin is us we snatch all plates Err, ERR! ERR! Get him boy Click, click, pop the leash, hit him boy Niggas brag about waggin, we stop the tails X drop an album, niggas droppin sales Niggas can't fuck with the dog, forget about it Money went up against the dog, read about it Man listen, you cats better walk easy I'm on some positive shit but I still walk greasy aint nothin changed, still aint sweet stand on one block, but I own the whole street and on the whole street is dirty niggas wit funny moves leavin your house with bloody boots, we cruddy dudes rest of them ass kissers, is sensitive ass niggas fourth album, and I still get in that ass nigga HOOK 2X [Verse 2] It's Dark and Hell is Hot, Flesh of my Flesh, Blood of my Blood And Then There Was X Got niggas like what's next and then Hit 'em again, you cats aint never gon' win I was here before most of y'all careers were born I'll be here when y'all careers are gone, still strong Difference between right and wrong is me Niggas talk shit, but you can't MC we already know how much your watch is worth talk about, helpin the hurt, savin the church won't you brag about helpin out where you come from and give brothers a job that really want one gotta think about that shit you said, you don't mean it I done listened to that shit you said, but I done seen it most of you cats is type funny but when it comes time to feed the hungry, gon get type ugly HOOK 2X [Verse 3] man I'm already knowin, like y'all niggas is knowin you can't fuck with dog, bust a cap, scrap or flowin, WHAT! seein is believin and well, let's just see I aint even gon' speak, one million the first week aight, let's ask the streets, how many sold? WHAT? Three niggas, three months to go gold? c'mon esse, keep it real holmes you fuckin with the dog, you already know this aint nothin new, fuck is you mad at 15 million, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah rest assured, I'm best abroad you can test Billboard, cuz the, rest are frauds I got 18 years under my belt, rappin let me see, you was three, I was, makin it happen next time we bump heads don't be hard headed show some motherfuckin respect bitch, or you'll all get it HOOK 2X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DMX Album: The Great Depression Song: We Right Here Typed by: bootleg210@msn.com [DMX] Uh, uh, uh, uh Bring it! What? We right here We're not goin anywhere We right here This is ours and we don't share We right here Bring your crew cuz we don't care We right here Uh, uh, uh [Verse 1] One mo' time, I gots to hit the streets off, make the streets talk Let 'em know it ain't a sweet walk This gon' be The only joint made this year that'll knock 'til 2003 And y'all gon' see That the hottest nigga out there, was, is, and will be me Just like that I can go away for a minute, do some other shit, but bounce right back And when it's on I'm comin strapped, with some shit that'll spit from dusk 'til dawn And when you gone Ain't no comin back in the morning, like that shit was a dream Nigga you gone That's for real Creep niggas like a seal, totin steel, stick a nigga make him squeal Oh my God Those can't be the last words of ya man, damn ya man was so hard Come on! [Verse 2] Here we go again How many million did my last one sell? Fuck it, I'm goin for ten This never gon' stop; and every fuckin time I hit you it's goin straight to the top of the charts The champion I'm a thoroughbred, my blood is strong, and I scratch 'til you done Cross the line And ain't no more scratches after that, straight up, niggas is dyin Yo, what the fuck Is you cats doin runnin around like this, like you won't get stuck Yo, that's my word I stay givin it to niggas, and I stay not really being heard But, y'all gone see That the same things thou done to them, will be done to thee And then you'll know That sometimes though you come thru the front, you leavin out the backdo' Come on! [Verse 3] Bring the noise And you better come with niggas you don't give a fuck about, Cuz you gone lose your boys Cuz we don't play And the silencer will silence any cocksucker with somethin to say Dog for life Whether I'm on or off the leash I bite, streets are my life Click click boom {*gunshot*} Another life taken too soon, another mother had a funeral Still waters run deep And the pain is forever alive inside, makes it hard to sleep But I keep goin, goin Shit I'm always careful when I walk, I'm always seein, knowin The dog gone live Stay walkin the wire, over the fire, when I can I give The dog is good And how it's stayin dog gone fuck with the hood The dog fuck with the wood [Chorus] 2x [DMX] We right here Uh, uh, uh [Repeat until fade] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DMX f/ Dia Album: The Great Depression Song: Bloodline Anthem Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Chorus: Dia] Believe me! It's our TIIIIME now to let 'em know (WHAT?!) It's our TIIIIME now to let 'em know Believe me! It's our TIIIIME now to let 'em know (WHAT?!) It's our TIIIIME now.. [DMX] I like my blunts heavily hashed, bitches heavily assed Joints ready to stash, got 'em ready to blast (WHAT?!) Give 'em plenty and pass, the thing off (woo!) toss that Get pulled over, we already lost that, of course black (uh!) Floss that, lose that, get that? Come up off that You ain't choose that, but you with that, now spit back (c'mon) Y'all niggaz got me all wrong (WHAT?!) I'm still a grimy nigga (WHAT?!) and I still give it to you, on your song (WHAT?!) I let you niggaz live for a minute, you get goofy Told you go 'head, drop a few albums, I'll do a movie (aight) But when I come back, c'mon dog, respect my slot (UHH) Ain't no get in where I fit in, bitch I'm straight to the top (aight) And whoever don't like it, FUCK YOU FAGGOT, bring it! (WHAT?!) Nigga don't wanna walk it but, stay tryin to sing it What I gotta start smackin you guys around again? Don't make no motherfuckin sense, y'all some grown ass men! [DMX] I don't play with you cats like I used to Cause well I ain't your father (uh-huh) This time it's gon' be a little harder Told niggaz to "Do You", courtesy of Flex Put out "... And Then There Was X" and then there was X And then there was X again, ain't my next of kin Just some hardheaded dickridin grown-ass men (uhh, uhh) C'mon with the bullshit (WHAT?!) please, don't touch that You might, bust yo' gun dog but we bust back (aight) And what's that, a lot of dead homies That ain't yours (UHH) leave it alone, you don't know me Respect the nine or catch a wreckless twenty-nine (ahh) For every bone in your spine (ahh) make a nigga recline (ahh) This whole rap shit is mine (WHAT?!) and I'm not sharin (uhh) Niggaz gettin popped every day, not carin (woo!) Peep niggaz starin, but they don't want NUTTIN Nowadays niggaz get it for frontin, motherfucker! Cocksuckin-ass niggaz! [DMX] Now there's a lot of - bitch niggaz that's rich niggaz I stick niggaz (uhh) Pick niggaz and hit niggaz I lift niggaz (uhh, uhh) Wannabe player, stay in the park Cause the grownups is over here, and we drinkin (WHAT?!) Fuck is you thinkin? (WHAT?!) X ain't changed, still with the same shit (uhh) Ain't with the game shit (uhh) bust leave a stain shit (uhh) Watch the game change quick (WHAT?!) Some niggaz married to the game Nigga like me? Married to the same bitch (c'mon!) I'm a dog from the hood, so I gotta rap from the hood Put a snake and a cat to the wood MAN!! if you, only knew WHAT IT IS!! that I'm, goin through WHEN IT IS!! that I'm, goin through it You ain't gon let me get ahold of that thing, cause I'ma do it! (woo!) Pop, stop drop watch and roll niggaz (uhh) Hold niggaz dog I can't control niggaz! (c'mon!) [Chorus] - repeat 2X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DMX Album: The Great Depression Song: Shorty Was Da Bomb Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [answering machine] *BEEP* Thursday, June 28th, two, oh-two, A.M. "I just called you and you said Domino's Pizza but,  and you said you were on your way but there's just one problem,  I'm all the way to fuckin Rochester, New York. Wrong ho!" [DMX] Uhh, yo yo Yo, not this shit again Dog gon' be a dog, y'knahmean? Motherfuckin dog! Don't GET a dog, you can't take care of a dog Gotta take care of the dog, y'know? Y'know? Take it easy lady, y'know? Uh-huh Give me a motherfuckin break - will ya? Shorty was the bomb, brownskin honey with a little dough Come to find out she was a little ho, but still yo I pushed up, shorty had that ass like BLA-DOW Had me schemin on how, I could get that now Was like GIRLFRIEND (what?!) let me drop a bug in yo' ear She was mine cause I told her what she wanted to hear Was like yeah, she knew how it was goin down She said page me, code zero, cause I know you get around Didn't have a man but even if she did DEAD Cause my game is tight like a stocking cap on a nigga's head I said - we'll get up like nine or somethin Don't act like, when I say that ass is mine I'm frontin That night was right, she let me get that, hit that Rip that, bounce it off the walls, flip that But only, one thing went wrong, the rubber bust But I didn't fuss cause dog, shorty was the bomb! [Chorus: DMX *singing*] Shortyyyy, UH! We only did it for that niiiight But maaan the pussy was good (uh-huh) But shorty's fuckin up my liiife, fuckin up my life Shortyyyy, UH! We only did it for that niiiight (just one motherfuckin night man!) But maaan the pussy was good (was gooder than a motherfucker, I ain't gon' front) But shorty's fuckin up my liiife (uh-huh) C'mon ma, give me a break [DMX] A few days later, I hit her up, just to keep it real (aight) Was like - whassup Boo, how you been, how you feel? (aight) She said - aight, but my friend's kinda late Today's the 13th, and it shoulda been here on the 8th I'm like - f'real?! Don't stress it, it'll come It better, cause I can't afford another, little one She said - neither can I, I said - cool cause I got mad shit to do and you still goin to school So at least we had the same thing in mind (uh-huh) Not to have this kid and, everything would be fine, BUT, I was blind to the fact that she was settin me up, for the kill (c'mon) Damn, why wasn't she, on the pill? And I still, would check on her like, once a week Sometimes I hit it, sometimes I didn't, but shorty was a freak And whenever I would speak on the baby Shorty would be like - I ain't havin this kid, is you crazy? [Chorus: DMX *singing*] But shortyyyy, UH! We only did it for that niiiight (man listen man, one motherfuckin night) But maaan the pussy was good (I ain't gon' front, pussy was good as a motherfucker) But shorty's fuckin up my liiife (Oh MAN this bitch is a fuckin HEADACHE!) fuckin up my life Shortyyyy, UH! (Shorty was definitely a bomb dog) We only did it for that niiiight (One motherfuckin night, AND I was drunk) But maaan the pussy was good (The pussy, MAN! Let me tell you) But shorty's fuckin up my liiife (Dog, this bitch is a problem) C'mon ma, give me a break [DMX] By now, wasn't lookin too good Cause she wasn't doin things that she told me she would Like gettin the price checked out for what we had to do And it goes up another yard for every month after two and a half I had to laugh out of frustration (WHAT?!) Now she's fo' months, I'm ready to hit the bus station (man) If I was, still on that shit it woulda made me rob her Told her friends - DMX? Yeah that's my baby's father (uh-oh) Her lil' stomach is shown (uh-huh) so now the heat is on Maybe she'll see the light, if I start to treat her wrong Like if she thought that if she kept the baby she would keep me (what?) So I played the game on her level, got sneaky (aight?!) Let her have the kid, she said it was premature (uh-huh) Found out, she was six months, when she said she was four (uh-huh) So I left her with the pressure on the next man's arm But she'll be aight, cause shorty was the bomb (f'real) [Chorus: DMX *singing*] But shortyyyy, UH! (was the bomb) We only did it for that niiiight (I mean what, one fuckin night? C'mon ma) But maaan the pussy was good (man she sucked a mean dick) But shorty's fuckin up my liiife (Now this bitch won't stop callin, what the fuck man?) Fuckin up my life Shortyyyy, UH! (She was kinda cute though) We only did it for that niiiight (All it takes is one night man, haha) But maaan the pussy was good (mmm-mm-mmm!) But shorty's fuckin up my liiife (This bitch, has got to go) C'mon ma, give me a break The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DMX Album: The Great Depression Song: Damien III Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Verse One]  Hey yo D, it's your nigga D Uh-huh  What the fuck, you forgot about me?  You've been eatin real good lately  Didn't get a shout out on your last album, what you hate me? Arrrf  Said I was your dog  Said I was your nigga that let you see it all through the fog Arrrf  Said I was your mans and them  And any problem that you had I would handle them Aiyyo dog it's like this, I fuck with you lightly (uh-huh) Cause I knew if I fucked with you too deep you'd bite me (uhh) Get mad at me, send niggaz wantin to fight me (uhh) Whole time you fucked with me you didn't like me  Oh where you hear that? Pssh, niggaz talk Plus you know how shit flow in New York Walls have ears, buildings heard Supposed to be shhhhhh but spill the word Everywhere that I go, everything that I see Every place that I touch I feel him fuckin with me I'm gonna fly.. arrrf  Why you lie? Told me it was Ryde or Die I'm gonna fly.. arrrf  Eye for an eye - what happened to my piece of the pie? [Verse Two]  Now dog, you know me better than that  I could put you ahead of the pack, instead of the back  I could have niggaz sellin tapes, instead of the crack  Could have niggaz fallin down, with lead in they back  Ain't much that I can't do when I want to  I don't really need you, nigga fuck you WHAT?!  Nah I'm just playin, got a wife and kids  Little Dame ain't come across dem triflin kid Yo what you mean by that?  Mean by what? Youse a grimy nigga f'real, I see whassup I don't even know why I fucked with you from the door  Cause you know I can give you what you wanted and more I coulda got it from him  But you woulda hate to wait But I wouldn't have the weight  C'mon, don't hate  What happened to the right hand, Light Man? Nah that's Dark Man  Well let's get it right then [Verse Three] Now I see for who you are, it's like I know you (uh-huh) So I can't trust you as far as I can throw you (uhh) Oh you, don't know you are the reason that I go through what I go through, let me show you  Didn't I promise you a Benz, lots of friends  Countless pairs of Timbs, these endless ends? But what did it cost me? (c'mon) My life to be taken softly, man BACK THE FUCK UP OFF ME  Don't fuck with me like that when I fuck witchu like this Don't come at me like that when you know that you might miss Go on about your business If any cat you send me way, ain't gon' be no witness LORD JESUS  C'mon dog, look who you're fuckin PLEASE HELP ME  Whassup dog? Man you buggin KEEP THE DEVIL  Thug life, thought we were tight OUT OF MY LIFE  I'll be back aight? Psych [Chorus] - repeat 2X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DMX f/ Stephanie Mills Album: The Great Depression Song: When I'm Nothing Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [DMX] Uhh, uhh, uhh, c'mon! Woo! Uh-huh Yeah, more real life (grrrrrrrrrr) That's how it is baby, you know it's real More real life, you know it's real (grrrrrrrrrr) From the dog, y'know? You know it's real, uh-huh You know it's real (grrrrrrrrrr) Shit is always real baby, forever My peoples say they got love for the dog right? They holla like "Whattup dog?" Alright Cause no matter what streets in a dog's life And I'm the type of dog gon' go all night Some cats think that it's a game that we're playin here You keep thinkin it's a joke, I ain't playin here Fuck around if you want, I leave billionaire Do what, go where? Shit I'm stayin here This whole motherfuckin rap shit is all mine (WHAT?!) Just thought I'd let you know one mo' time (uhh) Shit, I ain't said nuttin when it was yo' time Now, niggaz is mad, cause "Ain't No Sunshine" And you cats won't like it when the rain hits (UHH!) That's the nigga X on the same shit (uh!) And if you wanna see how fucked up the game gets? Watch what they do when you ain't shit [Chorus: Stephanie Mills] What you gonna do when I'm nothing? You're crazy about my styyyyyyyyyle What you gonna do when I'm nothing? Tell me nowwwwwwwwwww.. ohhhhh-ohhhhhh [DMX] Uhh, uhh, uhh, uhh Every cat I meet like, "Show me love!" Every girl I meet like, "I want a hug!" Shit I might be just tryin to pick somethin up Can I get an autograph -- man, what the fuck?! Is the love gon' be the same when we start to realize that the game ends (uh-huh) Even me, will I have the same friends? (uhh) Even when I ain't got the same Benz (UHH) What about when the dough get low (woo!) Shoulda peeped money from the get-go Disappeared, ain't that a bitch yo? Now you know, that's that bullshit yo Can't forget all them fake "love you" bitches (uh-HUH!) Take 'em to the room, wanna fake you bitches (uh-HUH!) Walk through the mall wanna touch you bitches (uh-HUH!) Listen! I got a wife, I don't trust you bitches (c'mon!) [Chorus: Stephanie Mills] What you gonna do when I'm nothing? You're crazy about my styyyyyyyyyle What you gonna do when I'm nothing? Please don't have me acting wild What you gonna do when I'm nothing? Tell me nowwwwwwwwwwwwwwww Tell me now, tell me now (WHAT?!) Tell me (WHAT?!) what you gonna tell me? (WHAT?!) Tell me (uh) tell me (uh) What you gonna tell me? [DMX] Holla at the boy if you know the truth See what I'm doin, I'm tryin to show the youth Trust me I been through it so I got the proof Give 'em somethin to eat that ain't gon' break a tooth And everybody knows how I get down (c'mon) Show the dog love when he hit town (c'mon) They don't give a fuck who I'm with now (c'mon) V.I.P. don't give a fuck where I sit now (aight?!) All this shit changed but it's still the same But you gotta do it in order to play the game Keep shit brief when you say my name (f'real) Give me the love, nigga fuck the fame (f'real) When the shit is gone, where you gon' be? (hmmmmm) When I look no more, what you gon' see? (hmmmmm) Shit, a muh'fucker lookin hungry (aight?!) And even then, is you gon' love me? [Chorus 2X: Stephanie Mills] What you gonna do when I'm nothing? You're crazy about my styyyyyyyyyle What you gonna do when I'm nothing? Tell me nowwwwwwwwwww.. ohhhhh-ohhhh [Stephanie and DMX ad lib to fade] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DMX f/ Faith Evans Album: The Great Depression Song: I Miss You Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [DMX] I know that my savior lives And at the end, he will stand on this earth My flesh may be destroyed, yet from this body, I will see God Yes, I will see him for myself - and I long for that moment Grandma, I really miss you and it ain't been the same I drop a tear when I, hear yo' name Mariella Holloway, why you gotta be so far away? Used to say, "Don't worry, it's gon' be okay" But it ain't - it's like when you left, you took the Lord witchu Why couldn't I come when he came to get you? Damn I really miss you - I had to say it again I remember the time when I was like ten Crept up in the neighbor's yard, yeah, bein hard headed You told me I would get it - you said it! And boy did I get it, but after you spanked me, you hugged me Kissed me on my forehead, told me that you love me And I saw, that it hurt you, more than it hurt me I thought - how bad could this hurt be? I know now That's why it's only done out of love What I wouldn't give for one mo' hug, from grandma [Chorus: Faith Evans] Baby it's gon' be okay (she used to tell me that) Baby it's gon' be okay (I really miss hearin) Baby it's gon' be okay (she used to tell me that) Baby it's gon' be okay (I really miss hearin) [DMX] What I'm about to say a couple of family members is gon' hate me But I'ma let you know what's been goin on lately Now you know since you left, a lot of things witcho kids done changed Yeah Jackie's still crazy, don't know what's up with James Ain't seen Jerry in a while, you know he walk like you And Renee's back in jail, you know she talk like you Riculah's(?) doin real good now, she workin Rhonda's still runnin around, trickin, jerkin Buckeye's buggin, he done lost his mind And Jarvis? Back out of jail, doin fine Kylie? He done changed, it ain't all about self As for my father.. well, that's somethin else But that's my dog, he hold his grandmother down My great grandmother, makin a lot of trips out of town But that's a good thing, and if I could only hear you sing once more, oh Lord, the comfort it would bring [DMX] You left behind a mother (and) eleven kids (and) eleven grandkids And since then, two of yo' grandkids done had kids They had a boy named Tacoma, Xavier's brother, that's right Xavier's made you a great grandmother I thank you for the best times of my life I thank you for when you first met her, accepted and lovin my wife I thank you for those Sunday dinners, they were vital I thank you for my - life, I thank you for the bible I thank you for the songs that you sing in the mornin (Amazing Grace..) while I'm yawnin I thank you for the two beatings you gave me Cause I know somewhere along the line the lesson I learned from the two beatings saved me And when you died I cried like a baby, I begged the Lord to take me Cause no one else could give me what you gave me But life like everything comes to an end I pray I go to heaven to see you again - amen [Chorus] - repeat 2X [Faith Evans] Amazing Grace, how sweet the sound that saved a wretch like me I once was lost, but now I'm found Was blind, but now I see, yeahhh The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DMX Album: The Great Depression Song: Number 11 Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Yo, uhh Ohh, huh, that's how it's goin down huh? You niggaz hit me like that in the fuckin back? In the fuckin back?! Bitches!! ARF, ARF!! (WHAT?! WHAT?! WHAT?! WHAT?!) This how we do bitch niggaz, f'real [DMX] I'm tryin to let you niggaz know how the fuck it's goin dizzy When it comes to that flow (YO!) I gets busy Dog don't care get, bear like grizzly Boom boom boom! ATF, who the fuck is he? Dog is the nigga that's gon' walk through the night Park the car twenty blocks away and walk to the fight (WHAT?!) And go where the fuck I want cause New York is alright The dog is alright, if the hawk is on sight Everything from "Get at Me Dog" to "What's My Name?" (woo!) X got a rep, niggaz trust my name Ain't never been a nigga to discuss my fame (WHAT?!) Fuck my fame, nigga, what's my name? (WHAT?!) I'ma keep it real no, matter what it cost me Never one to be taken lightly or softly Dog, I don't know you please back the fuck up off me Before I have him, cause I popped you tryin to off me [Chorus 2X: DMX] So don't walk too fast or talk too much Cause y'all niggaz is ass, and you know whassup Cause y'all niggaz'll blast and we like WHAT?! And my niggaz'll blast and Y'ALL FUCKED UP! [DMX] I done told you niggaz to walk with me, and stand Now who's lookin at me, akwardly? My man But you know who I let talk to me? My fans Take pictures shake hands cause, that's my man It'll be what it is for as long as I let it last Shit niggaz put out? I'd be wrong if I let it past Think that shit is hot bitch, just because you said it fast? (WHAT?!) I'm about to dead it fast, you pumped off unleaded gas (c'mon!) Don't keep goin where you're goin it's a dead end 'fore a nigga catch you at the door tryin to get it Key tryin to fit in, fo'-pound spittin Get what you put in (WHAT?!) bullshit forbidden (WHAT?!) Stop talkin wreckless, cause - y'all don't mean it (woo!) Y'all better respect this, cause - y'all don't seen it (woo!) Y'all better check this cause I'm gon' bring it Bring it? I don't think y'all really wanna see it! [DMX] Aiyyo why do niggaz run they mouth, when they ain't bout it? (uh-huh) Ain't "Ryde or Die" but, stay wantin to shout it (uh-huh) Stay pullin the thing out but what you gon' do without it? No, I wanna know f'real, what you gon' do without it? (f'real!) We done tested y'all niggaz, the rest of y'all niggaz Threatened y'all niggaz, STRAIGHT UP, double vested y'all niggaz And it was ONLY out of love that we protect y'all niggaz And because of a nigga in jail, we respected y'all niggaz But [Chorus] - 1/2 [DMX] Be careful where you walkin cause the ground's real shaky Nigga hold the fo' but PLEASE don't make me Please don't mistake me, make me, angry (WHAT?!) Love me or hate me (WHAT?!) niggaz can't break me (c'mon!) [Chorus] - 2X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DMX Album: The Great Depression Song: I'ma Bang Typed by: Troublesome09@hotmail.com Let's knock it out....that's all, oh we gon' do it (Another one of these, huh) Knock it the fuck out (One of those joints)Put it down (okay) But it gotta bang (I see what's goin' on here) It has to bang! Ya Know? Uh, uh, uh, uh (Chorus 2x) I'ma Bang! Hit the block pitchin slang Bang! Hit the rock spit the game Bang! Get the glock spit the flame Do my motherfuckin thing! I speak for the meak and the lonely (uhh), weak and the hungry (uhh) Speak for the part of the street that keep it ugly (aight) And niggaz couldn't wear my shoes 'Cause the places that I walk, most catz couldn't bear my dues (uhh) Or pay the tolls of the roads I done kept on, crept on (what) Walk 'til I got tired then curled up and slept on (whoo) My journey has earned me the right to reach I burned so I earned the right to teach, what to eat (c'mon) What niggaz been gettin' fed is pork (uhh) What you niggaz been gettin' fed, shouldn't be even on your fork Let's talk (aight), about this, and about that (uh-huh) Yeah, we like this or we can do it out back (aight) Keep the bullshit for the rodeo 'Cause on the real, you cocksuckers don't know me yo Hit you wit' something for frontin' that'll end your life Then hit your crib and bend your wife (c'mon) Grrrrrrrrr (Chorus 2x) It upsets me to see niggaz that's flossin too much Wearing shit that's costin too much (uhh), how often I touch I like to break fake niggaz (what), rape snake niggaz (what) I take weight nigga (what), you fake hate nigga (c'mon) And niggaz and ain't got the balls to say to my face what you think behind my back Suck my dick! How's about that? (aight) Loose lifts is loose clips and crews hit I run wit' niggaz from Israel to hijack crew ships (uhh) Watch the news at 6 (whoo), that's how I'm gettin' down Feds lookin for the dog, oh that nigga outta town This is a grown-up game, thinkin 'cause you got a blown-up name (what)You won't get a blown-up frame I ain't playin wit' you niggaz no more, them are old I be layin when you hit the door, you hit it cold Be like "Oh no!", see what I'm sayin I told Money to stop playin, now he layin, we prayin (aight) Grrrrrrrrr (Chorus 2x) Oh my God! Yah niggaz done lost yo mind Toss the nine (uhh), this nigga done cross the line Disrespectful shit will get you hit, bitch (what) Fuck who you wit', you niggaz get what you get (uhh) Five to the spine, ride now niggaz is dying Money pulled out he was trying, yet to slow wit the iron (uhh) Nuttin but gun firing, blap blap blap blap Cocksucka where it at (what) Open up your back now I can see through your stomach Told stupid muthafucka to stop runnin (uhh, or run in (uhh) To a buck shot, can't duck off shot It's that click click boom you outta luck shot (whoo) Now don't fall to pieces on me, because the piece is on me (uh-huh) He thought the leash was on me, but dog the streets are hungry (uh-huh) And I'ma feed 'em everytime I sing, do my thing Dog gon' bang, bang, bang! Grrrrrrrrr (Chorus 4x) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DMX Album: The Great Depression Song: You Could Be Blind Typed by: mack69daddy_@hotmail.com, hump@blueyonder.co.uk [Chorus 2x] You could be blind But you gon' see it when you need to see it You gon' be fine 'Cause you gon' be here when you need to be here One of a kind First free your mind, and then you'll free your spirit Go where I go, dog in my life [Verse 1] Now if you start with dirt, then you start with hurt You start with "Oh, you ain't got?" Well here, take my shirt Start with work, blood and tears over the years Goin' through whatever we go through, we stickin' it out here Pups turn into dogs, tadpoles into frogs I'm just eatin' what's in front of me, ain't thinking about yours But I'ma keep my paws on what's mine Beg 'til I find Strapped 'til I'm blind A nigga that whatever I do, still gon' be able to spit this I'm wit' this, 'cause this is mine, you scared shitless Rap niggas can't fuck with the dog Never, could be twenty below outside I'm built for the weather It could be hotter than lava, I wouldn't bother to sweat Some of you niggas, form a following, but you startin' to forget I paid my dues, not only did you not wear But you would really love it If you could meet that cat that made my shoes C'mon! [Chorus 2x] [Verse 2] Now see, what I do is peep shit, keep shit low Keep paying attention to what you trying to show me Livin', but you never know, we livin' Don't give me what you don't owe me Don't tell me that you love me Don't talk shit, don't kill me slowly 'Cause a dog like me, is an only Meaning, hit another like you, truth hurts, but I can't be phony You always looking for bad, look at you mad But you won't be satisfied 'til it took what you had (Aight) I'm a thoro nigga, I keep my word And anybody that's ever met me, got love for me So I keep a heard And that shit y'all niggas told me got me fucked up in the head Went from, "Yo, that's my dog" To, "Yeah, that nigga dead" What the fuck is all this? News to me Dog it's like shit ain't what it used to be See some niggas choose to be on the other side of the fence Keep riding with this, get fried in the mix C'mon! [Chorus 2x] [Verse 3] Now if it ain't that, then don't say that 'Cause I don't play that, y'all play that But the poke ain't black, damn, why you say that? I thought that...what? Nevermind, I just thought it We supposed to keep it real I destroy what I was taught Misery, love, company Now you niggas talikin' 'bout jumpin' me, pumpin' me Full of slugs, blood, stud with the love Damn, I just gave, what a real, nigga does Don't listen to the buzz, don't get caught up in the hype You'll lose everything that you worked for Trying to take a nigga's stripes Live life through life, and so on and so on That's when the grow on, man, get your flow on You niggas gettin' too old for this kid shit On the real, we all done did shit to get shit Snake shit, right is right, wrong is wrong Muh'fucker, listen to this song You see what shit I'm on C'mon! [Chorus 4x] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DMX Album: The Great Depression Song: The Prayer IV Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [DMX] Let us pray Father God I am just learning how to pray, so bear with me First I thank you for the life of everyone that's here with me Then I thank you for the love you give me, why? I don't know; I don't deserve it, and it hurts inside Many a nights I cried, and called your name out loud But didn't call you when I was doin good, I was too proud And STILL you gave me love, I wasn't used to that Most of the people that gave me love, they ended up takin it back That's somethin new to me, so I'm askin you for time to adjust Let me make it there, I will be one you can trust What I stand for, I put my life on, I DO! I guess what I'm askin is - show me how to stand for you And I will RAP for you, SING for you, PREACH for you, TEACH for you REACH for you - I will love you like you love me, unconditionally And I will ALWAYS be prepared, for whatever the mission'll be GIVE THE NUTRITION TO ME, and I'll properly digest it And when I give it back, I'll show you word well invested And whenever I go, BEFORE I GO, let me give Thanks to you Lord, my birth, for every day that I've lived You gave me a love most of my life I didn't know was there IN THE NAME OF JESUS! I give you my life, cause you care The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DMX Album: The Great Depression Song: A Minute For Your Son Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [DMX] You got a minute for yo' son father, I need to talk I'm so tired of tryin to run father, let's take a walk I'm so sorry for what I done father, it ain't my fault But the devil's been on my back lately, he's like a hawk You never give us more than we can handle, but it's gettin hard And I'm a strong individual, but I need you God Lot of things that I used to, I don't wanna run the streets like I used to, I know I'm gonna speak the word for you one day Up in there like, "Hallelujah!" on Sunday I thank you Lord for the blessings that you gave me And for my life with the blessings you have saved me And for my wife you have carried me enough times - and that's the truth  Married me to rough times, throughout my youth And through it all I saw that you was still with me I was that one lost sheep and you was comin to get me Lord you got me like.. your love got me like.. Lord you got me like.. your love got me like.. Lord you got me like.. your love got me like.. Lord you got me like.. your love got me like.. [DMX] I look at life a little different now, since you hugged me And I always loved my peoples, but now they love me Thank you for the love Lord, we praise ya Jacob's descendants, from Africa to Asia Pleadin the blood of Christ over our life Wrong or right, just help us make it through the night and we'll shout yo' name in times of need And times of joy, and, when we bleed And, when we are overcome with greed You ain't gon' half to tell me twice, I'ma take heed And because of what you've given me, I know you'll deliver me And I won't drown no matter how deep the river be You are the strength I, never knew I had Kept the heart good when they told me it was bad All praises due to ya That's why I had to dedicate somethin new to ya, thank you father [DMX] Uhh.. I never knew a love like, this before Messin with the thug life I, missed it all You opened the doors and, let me in I'm down for the cause so, let's begin Prayers that you give to me I give to them Same way you live in me I live in them Life is a blessing now You got me smilin from inside of my heart, when inside it was dark And it doesn't rain anymore Only sunshine, no pain anymore, I really love my You washed away the tears with the fears I'm happier than I've ever been in my life, the whole thirty years You know that! one day I'll speak the word You know that! when I do I will be heard You know that! you gave me a permanent smile And you know this father because I'm yo' child, what? [Chorus] - (minus second half of each line) [Chorus] - repeat 2X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: (DMX f/) Bloodline, DJ Kay Slay Album: The Great Depression Song: Next Out the Kennel (Bonus Track) Typed by: ruffryda088@hotmail.com [DJ Kay Slay] Aiyyo, this is DJ Kay Slay from around the way And my dog DMX is puttin it down with the Bloodline family And the Bloodline kennels THE GREAT DEPRESSION! FOURTH TIME! X keeps it gutta and his dogs are no different You gotta respect the line... First out the kennel, Jynx reppin straight from Y.O. kennel Holdin it down... [Jynx] Let it be known, bring it to me Break the fingers that you write with Mouth that you recite with, real life shit Niggaz call me God on beats, cuz I light shit Quicker than those, shootin big holes, rippin your clothes Play games and have a thug nigga sittin at your home See you walkin with that bitch when he spit at yo dome Damn, ya brains all over the place Bitch cryin and screamin, cuz your brains is all over her face I got love for street thugs and killers, with deep mugs Who bust they guns first then they start to cuss Shook niggaz hold they guns till they start to rust Bitch niggaz don't want no parts of us, we dangerous Tripped a few of angel dust One shot turn yo brains to slush Yeah, niggaz don't learn shit till the lights is off It's too late, now your life is lost, motherfucker... [beat changes to "Bring Ya Whole Crew"] [DJ Kay Slay] DAMN! See what I'm sayin, this shit is real Next out the kennel, barkin from Dirty Jerz is that nigga Loose [Loose] Let me Loose nigga, get the fuck off me I can't believe my ears, hot, these niggaz is barely warm In fact they wack, they just got a hot song Fuckin up the game is catz like you That make wack niggaz think they can rap too But Loose at the door now, so come with me I'ma make sure no more rappers like you get in You want it? We can go hard with the beats Or hard to the body or hard to the teeth Yeah, I was on Universal, they couldn't have me They kept me on the hush, like Whitney drug habit Got drafted, then made it to the front line A year later, got traded to Bloodline Now it's hard for catz to keep they spot He rock too much ice, he can't keep it hot And when all the ice melt, they all want it down Loose, fuck that, the streets is mines now... [beat changes to "D-X-L Hard White"] [DJ Kay Slay] FIRE! Only stray kills, yaknowhatimsayin? Next out the kennel, my nigga Big Stan from Harlem Get at em dog... [Big Stan] Uh-oh, who's next? That would be me, BS, ya know? Uh, y'all niggaz ain't ready, uh I'm like a thieve in the night, I creep in your life One day when you nice, high off the henny Catch you while you partyin right With the semi, put your body on ice, for a price Make a bastard of your son as well as widow your wife My struggle was tight, love inside my heart has limits Like anything outside of Bloodline, bound to get it We bound to win it, niggaz want, we bound to give it And anything you catz start, you know we bound to finish Can you see the cage is open? Muzzle is off The nine is sick, the silencer will muffle the cough The Line is thick, Stan stay solo on cost My shoulder will frost on any nigga other than dog I'm the one ya moms would hate you to cross If you the only child, would be replacing the lost Please think before you go against the B dot S And no it's not a game, I'm one of Bloodline's best, nigga... [beat changes to "Make a Move"] [DJ Kay Slay] Whoa, whoa, whoa, they just keep bitin The last to bite, that bitch, the bitch of the litter Crazy Kash, Kasmir, get at em girl... [Kashmir] What the fuck ya niggaz know about grease? I got enough to put in ya piece, bust bust ten in piece Make ya back bend in a crease, that's what you get offend a beast You hatin me like I was a friend of Kelis Load, cock back and release Bad bitch crackin ya piece, bulletholes in the back of your peeps Always catch niggaz comin from the back with the heat Love to watch they knees buckle when they smack the concrete You ain't gotta love me just respect the bitch Scared to fight me, get your girls, so I can wet the bitch Who gives a FUCK who ya old lady be I put holes in ya old lady tee if she fuckin with me You know my niggaz Stan, Jynx, Loose, Berg and X Ya niggaz switchin occupations, cuz they heard we next No niggaz above mine, cuz no niggaz above mine And that shit's in my heart, cuz it's in my fuckin Bloodline... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DMX f/ Drag-On, Mysonne Album: The Great Depression Song: Problem Child Typed by: Bronxsthug@aol.com * * send corrections to the typist {Mysonne} (DMX) {Mysonne, Mysonne the problem child DMX Ruff Ryders} (Wanna flow wanna problem) {Problem Children, y'all niggaz got problems} (Wanna flow wanna problem) {But they don't want no problems} (Nah baby) {But they don't want no problems} (Wanna flow wanna problem) {But they don't want no problems nah nah they don't want no problems} (Wanna flow wanna problem) {But they don't want no problems} {But they don't want no problems} (Wanna flow wanna problem) {But they don't want no problems nah nah they don't want no problems} (No problems I'm telling you baby) [Mysonne] Yo, yo I told niggaz to pack they bags or grab they guns Before I come it's tolate y'all had your fun It's all over now, I don't wanna talk to niggaz Popping shots like corks in niggaz, sticking forks in niggaz Cause they done, only reason y'all still breathing is cause y'all run When we bust shots, my nigga clutch glocks Right in front of precents fuck cops niggaz want pops then they die for them Kiss the barrel, cry for them Spirt leave your body touch the sky for them Fuck voltron see what me and mines form In the nine storm, death times gone I'm that cat that y'all niggaz got your eyes on Go to papi broke trying to get your pies on The day that I'm gone I'm real fuck stardom niggaz wanna talk but they don't want no problems [DMX] All y'all niggaz want is your heart back dog you pussy Acting like you really wanna bark back don't push me Only room enough for one dog to hold the shit down You cowards know it now i'ma hold it down When I'm done close it down It's my shit here, FUCK that nigga just say try shit where Come on cupcake y'all cats ain't even built like that I been seen through they bullshit I'm real like that I know how to walk the dog, I know how to chase the cat I know how to get a bone, I know how to bring it back I know how to flip on a nigga split him with the bat I know how to train a pup to make sure they scratch You motherfuckers don't want no problems cause my revolver is solving them One by one until it's all of them Let that be a lesson to your mans and shit Keep your fucking mouth shut if your mans want spit, nigga [Drag-On] Well it's the kid that a Crush your head into a cake batter Y'all know that cake mix but y'all don't wanna taste this shit Guns I should've been arrested for Y'all gone make my bullets expand like a lesspee jaw Don't you test me boy Don't fuck with X or Drag to the dash Cause once you dump in these bags you drag to the trash Dumpster amoung the rest of them fags My poker got your skin looking like acupunctures Keep a silence on the tip can't afford the noise My banger got a jagged edge like them four boys If your hot i'll super soak you, won't be able to dry it off Just relax take you last breath and die it off Nothing but love I spread But if you take advantage the weight that's lead will rush your head You sweat'll die your hair red, like my bitch Eve And no I'm not a faggot but I make niggaz striptease in front of me It's fun to me, nitches The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DMX f/ Big Stan, Mic Geronimo Album: The Great Depression Song: Usual Suspects (Part 2) * Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com * bonus track, continues on track #17 at 12:55 [Mic Geronimo] YEAH! Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah C'mon, c'mon hah hah, M.G Know the G, hah hah, know the face Hah hah, know the name nigga, hah C'mon, yeah, yeah Now who could do it like the M-I-C, y'all niggaz ain't about this life Runnin up inside of the crib to cut your lights My A.R. likes the thug life, drugs and gun fights White on whites, menage and dykes, and nice ice White wraps for these niggaz who scrap and gun clap Stick up kids, leavin y'all with two in the back Once you bitch-made niggaz started doin the rap Seven figure shit really started ruinin rap Take it back to hood shit bulletproof and biscuits Chips all for hustle and grams go from bricks And whips for templates, we switch while we movin all of this weight 'til we screamin all of us hate [Chorus: Mic Geronimo] You see shit's still real Nothin ever change cause we still in the field Niggaz try to front but the game's too real We don't give a fuck bout the way you feel So fuck what you feel and shit's still real Nothin ever change cause we still in the field Niggaz try to front but the game's too real We don't give a fuck bout the way you feel So fuck what you feel, yeah [Big Stan] Y'all niggaz better get the guns Fuck the pep talk, I don't wanna hear it When it's on it's on, talkin I don't feel it That's the fake shit, argue and just make shit hot And with my short fuse I'm always quick to make shit pop Nigga respect this, catch me on the block and with gloves I'm ambidextrous, sold with the glock and the snub But I ain't reckless, with me it's always one big dot then one big shot, and one kid drops Head shot, closed lid over one big box And a preacher left prayin over one big plot Never a mess, now I wanna conquer the world And I'ma do it, wanna know how? Fuckin with Earl He's the one that took me in to raise the dog from a pup With his guidance, help create a beast from a mutt Just released from the cut goin straight for the neck B.S., Bloodline, what the fuck you expect nigga? [DMX - overlapping Chorus] Uhh, WHAT?! Uhh Uhh, uhh, uhh [DMX] It's time to take out the garbage, y'all niggaz want the hard shit I got shit that'll start shit, rip apart shit and disregard shit Thought it wasn't real no more, just because I got a deal What you think, I ain't gon' steal no more? "Usual Suspects" once again - thus begins the bullshit we both went through form trusted friends Bustin him from where? (It's time to peel) Fuck what you heard baby! Shit's still real Y'all niggaz think your shit don't stink, cause it don't think Hit a motherfuckin iceberg your ship won't sink Bitch don't blink, cause I'ma hit you with somethin I'ma hit you for frontin, I'ma hit you for nuttin? You buggin I'm lovin it - the obstacles that I go through It keeps me real, don't make me have to show you Fuck you cause I don't know you, and listen dog If I gots to blow you, you know where you goin to [Chorus] - repeat 2X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DMX Album: Grand Champ Song: Dog Intro Typed by: harjinderr@tgmag.ca * * send corrections to the typist [Swizz Beatz whispers] Ruff Ryders Ride or die Get at these niggaz dog [DMX talking] Yup, yup, yup I don't really trust humans that much these days Shit, fact of the matter is, I trust dogs more than I trust humans Shit, nothing like that dog love I tell ya Not just any dog, gotta be a pit bull Yup, that's the only dog for me You don't wanna get caught in a pit with one of them They make good companions, but even worse enemies It's all on how you take it [DMX verse] Nothing goes down I don't get a small piece of Get the picture see the beauty in the beast of The mad man, Mr. bad man is here Cause a nigga like me smells wreck in the air Test they fear shit that I be doing to niggaz Get away with the same shit ruining niggaz Cover all ground and I roll thick like the fog Only motha fuckin' friend I ever had was a dog Never ate the hog but glad to say I smoked plenty The fifth precinct to name one of many In one verse I beat you worse than your momma I fuck around and eat you first like ??? I'ma, play that ass out like a bomber Killed a nigga once for looking like he wanted drama I'm buggin, the pain it hurts I gotta scream AHHHHH! Lettin' off a little steam Society was just too much, I couldn't hack it Six motha fuckin' years in a straight jacket Yo black it wasn't wise for them to let me out the joint Never really got better so I'm not on point I just might flip, quick, but it's too late to be bitchin' Got more loose screws than the table in your kitchen I'm itchen, just hope you ain't around when I scratch Cause like I said before, I eats what I catch Searchin' shit will have a nigga hurt and sick The dirt you kick will get you in the dirt and quick World premier, you niggaz is kids, don't play I'm too old for the jokes you'll get smoked, I don't play I'm gon' say what's gon' happen if you force my hand Someone somewhere will be like "I lost my man" Take it to heart it's about to get dark so run that All that shit niggaz talking been there done that What black think it's an act, let me know But he liked what I'm saying so shut the fuck up and let me flow Yo you think it's a game, keep playing They gon' find your ass somewhere in a creek laying It's over you just ain't laid down yet And in a minute you gon' be that motha fucka' that ain't found yet Hold off from making movies and make moves Stop talking about shit that you can't prove I'm the mountain you can't move, so why you trying Looking at me stupid wondering why you dying While you flying Through the air with a big ass hole in your chest Wishing you was holding a vest But it's too late for wishing so all you getting is rest Go to sleep, pa pa will take care of the stress God bless and may He have mercy on your soul POP POP Take these two more with you on your stroll, nigga [DMX talking] Yup, yup, yup I don't really trust humans that much these days Shit, fact of the matter is, I trust dogs more than I trust humans Shit, nothing like that dog love I tell ya Not just any dog, gotta be a pit bull Yup, that's the only dog for me You don't wanna get caught in a pit with one of them They make good companions, but even worse enemies It's all on how you take it You know how we do baby Aight Grand champ You know how we do Scratch all day, match our weight Fuck nigga You can't be fuckin' serious A raccoon ain't nothing but a big cat The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DMX f/ Chinky Album: Grand Champ Song: My Life Typed by: Gemini_20502K@blackplanet.com [DMX] Uh! [Chinky] Cause it's all (grrr!) goin on, in my life [DMX] Earl Simmons AKA the dawg gettin down for real and goin hard [Chi] Cause it's all, goin on, in my life [DMX] This is my life and I'm livin it how I wanna live it Motherfuckers won't you fuckin come and get it (Come on!!!) [Chi] Cause it's all, goin on, in my life [DMX] Check it out yo, give me at least three feet Or end up stinkin leakin in the street (What!!!) [Chi] Cause it's all, goin on, in my life [DMX] I wanna be able to teach you blood Wanna be able to sit down and eat with you cuz (Uh!) [Chi] Cause it's all, goin on, in my life [DMX] I go through what I go through so you don't have to You should be glad to have the worst statute [Chi] Cause it's all (Get up!!!) goin on, in my life [DMX] There it is my dreams my fears My words that constantly fall on deaf ears (What!!!) [Chi] Cause it's all, goin on, in my life [DMX] Forgive me father for I have sinned (Yeah) Clense my soul I'm ready to win let's begin (Please!!!) [Chi] Cause it's all, goin on, in my life [DMX] Please give me the strength to rebuke the devil Give me the speech show the word that's heard on all levels (Aight!) [Chinky] + (DMX) Cause it's all (Cause it's all) goin on (What's goin on!) in my life (This is my life!!! This is my life!!!) Cause it's all (Cause it's all!) goin on (What's goin on) in my life (In my life! This is my life!) [Chinky] Oooh oooh oooh! [DMX] Life of mine, live in the life of crime AAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!!!! That's what's up baby, ain't nothin fake about this It's my motherfuckin life! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DMX Album: Grand Champ Song: Where the Hood At Typed by: ruffryda088@hotmail.com * * send corrections to the typist [DMX talking] Aiyyo, ya niggaz must be outcha fuckin mind Thinkin dog can't pull another motherfuckin rabbit out the hat Nigga I ain't gotta check out my motherfuckin sleeves you bitch ass niggaz Fuck is y'all niggaz... Y'all niggaz just thinkin I'm sittin around doin nothin? Oh my God, y'all niggaz can't be serious [Chorus: DMX - repeat 2X] Where the hood, where the hood, where the hood at? Have that nigga in the cut, where the wood at? Oh, them niggaz actin up?!? Where the wolves at? You better BUST THAT if you gon pull that [DMX] Man, cats don't know what it's gonna be Fuckin with a nigga like me, D-to-the-M-to-the-X Last I heard, y'all niggaz was havin sex, with the SAME sex I show no love, to homo thugs Empty out, reloaded and throw more slugs How you gonna explain fuckin a man? Even if we squashed the beef, I ain't touchin ya hand I don't buck with chumps, for those to been to jail That's the cat with the Kool-Aid on his lips and pumps I don't fuck with niggaz that think they broads Only know how to be ONE WAY, that's the dog I know how to get down, know how to BITE Bark very little, but I know HOW TO FIGHT I know how to chase a cat up in the tree MAN, I GIVE Y'ALL NIGGAZ THE B'INESS FOR FUCKIN WIT ME, IS YOU CRAZY?!? [DMX] Once a song, I come though, guns is drawn BLAM BLAM, lungs are gone, sons will mourn From dusk till dawn, nighttime belongs to the dog On the street passed midnight, look for 'em in the morgue Don't play with these cats cuz I ain't got nothin to say to these cats For the mothers that really do love em, please pray for these cats Cuz I know niggaz is hardheaded but I ain't got the patience Don't want me havin no patience turn into more patience More trips to ICU cuz I see you Tryna get away with shit a real nigga wouldn't do Where my dogs at? (RIGHT HERE) See them niggaz? (RIGHT WHERE?!?) GET EM BOY! (RIGHT THERE) That's how we do... (AIIGHT THEN) This is for my dogs, this is for my dogs YO, WHERE WE AT BABY?!? (CREEPIN THROUGH THE FOG) From then till now, don't ask me how Know that we gon roll like them niggaz and hit every block on the job [DMX] I get tapes doin times, stop niggaz like grapes makin wine Five CD's with mad rhymes Don't hit me with that positive shit, I know you lyin You really wanna stop niggaz from dyin? Stop niggaz from tryin I cuz I ain't really got that time to waste and I thought I told you to get these fuckin bums out my face Lookin atchu in your grill, I might be nice to cut Once I split ya ass in two, you'll be twice as butt Yeah, you right, I know ya style - PUSSY cuz I'm fuckin it Since we all right here, you hold my dick while he suckin it MOTHERFUCKER, don't you know you'll never come near me Shove ya head up ya ass, have you seein shit clearly Never heard that D be runnin, cuz D be gunnin I beat my dick and bust off in ya eye so you can see me comin/cumin Empty clips and shells are what I leave behind and if they get me with the joint, they hit me with a three-to-nine [DMX talking] WHERE THE FUCKIN HOOD AT?!? (It's all good, the dog is the hood) NO ONES' FUCKIN WITH ME NIGGA, FO REAL (It's all good, the dog is the hood) I AM THE HOOD, I AM THE STREETS (It's all good, the dog is the hood) YOU BITCH ASS NIGGA (It's all good, the dog is the hood) TAKE IT HOW YOU WANT, MOTHERFUCKER (It's all good, the dog is the hood) I'M IN THE HOOD ALL DAY (It's all good, the dog is the hood) I THINK I'M LIKE THE ONLY NIGGA, DOG (It's all good, the dog is the hood) THAT CAN GO TO THE PROJECTS (SCHOOL STREET, HOME OF THE BRAVE) BY HIS FUCKIN SELF AND BE GOOD YEAH NIGGA, ASK NIGGAZ ON Y.O. (MY PROJECTS, Y.O.) WHEN THE LAST TIME THEY SEEN DOG (Not too long ago baby) MOTHERFUCKER.. DEE, WAAH, UGH... (Y'all niggaz is homeless) KATO... (Where the hood at?) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DMX Album: Grand Champ Song: Dogs Out Typed by: NSane2003@aol.com * * send corrections to the typist This is dedicated to, this is dedicated to The streets, this is dedicated to And the dog is out, arf arf arf arf And the dog is out, arf arf arf arf And the dog is out, arf arf arf arf It's just D And the dog is out [DMX] Started gettin a little too big for the cage that I been trapped in Cats new it was a problem, went from robbin to rappin Guns got the clappin, another trip to the morgue We all know why it's happenin, another bit by the dog When there's nothin left to eat, I ate away at my soul Felt destructive cause I don't give a fuck if I go I know y'all been told I don't give a fuck about livin Killin other dogs got you cats chasin bitches Got me itchin to bring back the beast from within What I catch I'ma eat, in the streets I'ma win I've been top dog and I'ma stay top dog So what the fuck you got to say dog? You cats play games that dog ain't with Suck my dick, behind my back dog ain't shit Well this is it, from now on if you ain't out the camp We out to clamp, put 'em up against the champ You bitch [Chorus x2] And the dog is out, arf arf arf arf And the dog is out, arf arf arf arf And the dog is out, arf arf arf arf It's just D And the dog is out, c'mon c'mon [DMX] I don't think you cats see too clearly If it ain't that you must be deaf, cause y'all niggaz don't hear me But I know I got you scared to death How many other niggaz you know when you see 'em make you hold your breath? All a nigga did was take a pause Did a couple of movies and you thought this whole rap shit was yours? Stop being greedy, when was the last time you gave to the needy Believe me, I run through niggaz like hallways with the cops behind Give it to a nigga all day cause I pops the nine Man listen, if you don't wanna see your man missin, man listen I get dough like a nigga in a up north flick And still roll like a nigga on some up north shit The way dog flip out, cats'll never understand Niggaz be like "X I thought I was your man!" Not! This is dedicated to, this is dedicated to The streets, this is dedicated to [DMX] My dogs is dogs that love to brawl Bring as many as you got cause we gon fuck 'em all Dicksucked in the hall The same shorty thats puttin any work on her knees I'm duckin her call A dog is a dog is a dog for life, dog been a dog, dog in your wife I got kids this age But let 'em keep talkin slick and I'm gon put somethin hot up in his ribcage When the dog is out, bitch ass niggaz get bit or fucked One or the two, and I'm not Ja Rule Feel me? Aight The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DMX f/ Swizz Beatz Album: Grand Champ Song: Get it on the Floor Typed by: akademik_geniuz_@hotmail.com * * send corrections to the typist [DMX] Let's get it on!! [Swizz Beatz] We don't give a what what!!     We don't give a what what!! (shiet) [Chorus - Swizz Beatz & (DMX)] Get it on the floor Get it get it on the floor (WHAT?!) Get it on the floor Get it get it on the floor (WHAT?!) You don't wanna party then your ass gotta go (WHAT?!) You don't wanna party then your ass gotta go (C'MON!) Now you can ride to this motherfucker (uh) Bounce to this motherfucker (uh) Freak to this motherfucker (let's get it on) Get it on the floor (WHAT?!) Get it get it on the floor (WHAT?!) Get it on the floor (WHAT?!) Get it get it on the floor (that's right) [Verse - DMX] Once again it's the darker nigga Hit or spark a nigga, break apart a nigga But the dog is bigger, under stress So unless you're wanting to bless to the chest These slugs from his liver rest REST! Or the pump'll put a hurt on a nigga DUMB SEX, motherfucker feeding dirt on a nigga My hands stay dirty, cause I play dirty the mob way You don't know? fuck it find out the hard A nigga's job is never done I handle my business how it come And there's never been a one on one Nor has there been a problem, I dissolve them I'm like salt, lock it up Hate to fall but never wreck his car And it's my fault, keep niggaz on point ducking down Niggaz like you need to get bust you fucking clown I extort to support my peeps And hold down the fort, never get caught cause I creeps NIGGA! [Verse - DMX] I'm at the crossroads, look but I'm not really sure which way to go Should I play that low for what I did the other day They on their way to float, got me striking this random I can't stand em, fake ass niggaz want to be the Phantom Looking over my shoulder, cause it's colder than it was And start shorty, because I'm a little older than cuz And the buzz from the saw, wit the chain to your brain Will turn that BIG NIGGA to a fucking stain That pain from the dirt makes the hurt go away for a minute But I'm gon die by it cause I'm like knee deep in it And you motherfuckers wonder why I start shit Cause when you look in my face you see that hard shit Cause I done been to hell and back I ain't wit selling crack I'd rather rob a nigga leave him wit a shell up in his back On the real just to show proof, hit the G.W.B. And blow the whole roof off the toll booth bitch ass nigga! [Verse - DMX] When I crawl, leave a nigga sprawled out after I spoke em I'll slit his throat, dick in the mud and let his blood choke em Up north niggaz get the pick stuck up in em And in the streets bitches get the dick stuck up in em My M.O. is man-slaughter kid Cause on the reals I done wet up more motherfuckers than water did Slid, cause I got to slide when the dirt is done A homicide but they want me on the Murder 1 But as long as I got my gun, I'm aight Stay outta sight while it's light, and then come out at night To make moves again, stomp and bruise again I know I'm going to hell cause I choose to sin All my motherfucking life I been the Devil's advocate Now niggaz never even knew the devil had a kid But he does and when you hear the buzz of the chainsaw You'll know what I'll split your motherfucking brains for [Chorus - repeat 2x] [Outro - Swizz Beatz] Don't start nothing, it won't be nothing Don't start nothing, it won't be nothing You wanna start something, it's gon be somethin You wanna start something, it's gon be somethin Don't start nothing, it won't be nothing Don't start nothing, it won't be nothing You wanna start something, it's gon be somethin You wanna start something, it's gon be somethin Yo yo CMON! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DMX f/ 50 Cent, Styles P Album: Grand Champ Song: Shot Down Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [DMX] Grrrr... ARF! ARF! [50 Cent] Move on over, I done told ya boyyyy I'm a G-Unit motherfuckin soldier boyyyy And when you gon' get it in your brain The gate's wide open and the dog's off the chain I be that yung'n with that gun-ness, tellin ya stop frontin I be that yung'n on the run, after I pop some'n In the Bible I read, death is of the tongue And if you talk about death enough death is gon' come Jay taught me how to flow, they shot him in the head Randy ass was there, now he runnin scared Some say I'm gangsta, some say I'm craaazy If you ask me I'll say I'm what the hood made me Now I can stunt 'til my ass dead broke like J.D. Or put a hundred grand on e'ry nigga head that play me See I'm cool with them Hatian mob niggaz {?}Tu say sapa say mavule{?} and rob niggaz The media be tryin to make a nigga look bad, whassup with that? See my flick, next to bring Papi and Cat And Montana, I kill 'em with the grammar I enhanced in the slammer after bangin them hammers X whattup? (AIGHT!!) [Chorus: 50 Cent] You don't live that, you shouldn't say that Cause what come out your mouth'll get you SHOT, DOWN Throwin your money around and we don't play that Get in our line'll get you SHOT, DOWN (nigga) We know where you hang, we know where you stay at That bullshit you on'll get you SHOT, DOWN Here's a few clips that you shouldn't play with G-Unit, Ruff Ryders'll get you SHOT, DOWN [DMX] Aiyyo, fuck y'all niggaz talkin bout, think you playin wit? Double R, G-UNIT, the same ol' shit (WHAT!) Put the faggots in the ring, watch 'em all quit All y'all niggaz is pussy, suck my dick! Ain't nuttin but a handful of man still standin I remember 50 in a cypher when Onyx was "Slammin" (AIGHT?) Now we meet again, it's all good my nigga Back to the street again, it's all hood my nigga Knock on wood my nigga, we both walk the dog We ain't get to where we at by luck, shit was hard (AIGHT?) But once we got through the trials it's all smiles 'til a big type nigga all of a sudden get wild Now why you gotsta go and take me back to where I came from? I'ma make you remember, where you know my name from (YEA!) 45th Street, and BLAOW-BLAOW Ave I done ran through your crew and only let off half, nigga! [Styles P] Yeah, word, yeah If your head ain't offa your shoulders (uh-huh) You ain't get shot, you got nicked nigga (just nicked) Cause if my chrome hit a piece of your bone It's gon' do more than chip, nigga (a lot more than that) Yea, what the fuck is the problem The Porsche is red the buckets is Army 30 shot handguns the gutter is starvin (yea) Niggaz like me might rush your apartment (word) Bloodstains'll fuck up your carpet, brain on the window I smell murder every time that the wind blow Tie him to the chair and then knock out his chinbone I don't want the throne or the crown, I ain't sellin up You can have the jail or the ground, you ain't in hell enough I'm the one that flood the gutters Better tap your man, and let him know P'll love to cut his And niggaz is gettin shot down, two guns up Double R, S.P. holdin D Block down The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DMX Album: Grand Champ Song: Bring the Noize Typed by: Mr_Mist1999@msn.com * * send corrections to the typist [Verse 1: DMX] I'mma take it back to the shit talkin' slick talkin' Slap a nigga and call him my bitch and keep walkin' HALF Y'ALL niggaz is pussy The other half of y'all niggaz is fake thugs so please don't push me If we was in jail you'll be in the pool playin' in the air pressure Leave you up on the stretcher nigga I'm gon test you try your hand When they carry you out I'ma tie your man But these cats ain't built like your killed like Blood gets spilled like poke a nigga tonight Bang bang HA! It hurts The fuck you screemin' on me for I'm puttin' in work We leave more bodies then the bloods and crips This is how it's goin' down nigga thuggin' a bitch Fuck a nigga wit we on the same bullshit y'all niggaz on lets get it on [Hook] [2X] You know how we roll nigga bring the noise Y'all don't wanna fuck with them boys Come on dog put away them toys Cause I'ma put in a clip and you'll get yours [Verse 2: DMX] No matter how many cats he brought wit'um I'ma split'um Hair raised on my back get low and hit'um Stoped him dead in his tracks Known damn well you ain't known me what you said in the past Dogs don't know nothin' but bust that nigga Dogs don't nothin' but fuck that nigga Dogs don't know nothin' but suck my dick When it comes to what happened dogs don't know shit Did two years in one night I popped two pills in one flight Two ears in one light, aiight, aiight That's what it is FOLLOW Too many thick live niggaz wanna SWALLOW Follow my mans and them And get popped with yo mans and them is what Im handin' them It's hot things, drop things, stop things, drop things Lookin' like a nigga like hot wings [Hook] [1X] [Verse 3: DMX] Been around the block did my dirt Earl stiral put in work till it hurt I've seen less pussy in a stripe club fuckin' with y'all niggaz That means all y'all niggaz Most y'all cats don't know what ruthless means Will you be able to survive the truth I've seen Cats would'nt be alive if you was on my team But the truth is the ride is rough ya mean Got me like GOD what the fuck Dog gon bang somebodys getting' stuck Back up the truck jump right the fuck out on niggaz Empty the five out on niggaz Hush muthafuckas don't you cry Dog gon make sure that you die Point blank range so the slug go through Then I'ma hit yo crib and pop yo family to NIGGA!! [Hook] [2X] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DMX f/ Cross, Drag-On, Infa-Red, Sheek, Syleena Johnson Album: Grand Champ Song: Untouchable Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com * * send corrections to the typist [DMX] Uhh (huh) yeah, it is what it is Yah'mean? We untouchable baby [Chorus: Syleena Johnson] I keep my song in my soul Blessed my heart and made it go Tops of our heads to tips of our toes We're untouchable Everyday the sun'll shine Took this dream and made it mine I'm gettin down one thing that I know (WHAT!) We're untouchable [DMX] We built this Double R thing from the ground up Another principle of when it's beef, niggaz round up Gettin down like what nigga, YO! That's all it takes and it's like, HERE WE GO! Thorough type niggaz that control the streets Rollin deep, holdin heat, don't even think about sleep When we creep, niggaz goin down for the count It ain't sweet, fuck around and knock money out C'mon fella, you don't want the dog with the camp Not Old Yeller, a pitbull and dog is the champ You know better, think about crossin the line Hit your sweater, with about ten from the .9 Double R and we get down for life! Let a nigga KNOW we can go down tonight From the tops of our heads, the tips of our toes WHAAAAT! We untouchable, AIGHT? Yea, WHAT! [Cross] Yea, yeah, YEAH! Be strong.. I represent the have and the have-nots All the niggaz with the weed spots And all my niggaz on them cell blocks We gon' R-U-double-F R-Y-D-E You can't fuck with my army My niggaz is untouchable, eatin niggaz like Lunchable .45 be crushin you when the bullets be touchin you Paul bearers'll carry you to the cemetary where your momma gon' bury you Black suit be fittin you nigga, I got hood degrees Plus I'm street like powder, milk, and government cheese If you a runnin man nigga, then I'ma shoot up your knees Then it's me against the world, man against machine S.D.T.S. - stick to my routine My knuckle game impeccable, crack game incredible Lawyers for my niggaz who be sittin in the Federal Nigga, I'm untouchable [Infa-Red] Lyrically I'm, untouchable.. Infa-Red nigga, let's go.. All I can know is 365 days of pain My name, how to sell cocaine And I was taught to buy guns so big when I go to the roof I can aim and shoot down a plane Infa-Red's my name but fuck all that Fall back and witness how the streets made me the grimiest nigga alive I sell you a fake pie, shoot out your fake eye Give niggaz a break, nah; I gotta chase mine Don't wear your watch around me nigga I take time Like niggaz that them blue tried to like I turn men to mice, canary yellow my ice And Ruff Ryde on anybody, to be precise But I handle my business like I'm supposed to When you go in the precinct, that's the only time you see my poster But I could post up and get rid of my pieces I own collies sellin rocks the size of Domino pizzas I'm untouchable, nigga [Sheek] Double R.. whoo! All day.. Yo, aiyyo X let me get 'em daddy - yo, yo, yo U-N-T-O-U-C-H, A-B-L-E-S Sheek the new Elliott Ness (no doubt) Nigga, Bloodline, D-Block; two of the best Hang the Double R chain from the side of the car Drive by and put your brains on the side of the bar Sheek heavy in the hood (uh-huh) And I don't mean cause I gained weight in the hood (nah) My aim is good, aiyyo X what they want it to be here? Our hammer's cocked, outside of the house on the lawn chair Yeah nigga what? The new rap LeBron's here Get 'em dog, we the new America's nightmare And we don't say much, we just get it on That's why we don't get touched, y'all like a dutch Hands all on you, I'm tryna warn you to stay in your place, so you don't get laced And them pretty ass shades, can stay on your face [Drag-On] Uhh, uhh, uhh, c'mon! You motherfuckers got me back on my grizzly, I'm back on the grind I'm back to the streets, catch a beef, come back with the nine I'll murder ya man, come back with his shines I tote two guns, I don't care if you box, I don't care if you blind I spit in your eye like niggaz is eatin, I'm splittin the pies Frank Nitty your rap, how gritty am I? The city is mine Yeah, you get in my way I pity your moms Yeah, my block is real, my niggaz is armed My borough is thorough, we bang with each other I'm switchin my diamonds and changin the color with change of weather, canary in the sun, uhh I bury ya nigga then bury the gun, X whattup? Me and you is untouchable (uh-huh) We both had bricks they couldn't sniff cause the coke was uncrushable Guns is fingerprint-proof, we "Ryde or Die" You drivin by, we clap at your ride, good-bye The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DMX Album: Grand Champ Song: Fuck Y'all Typed by: dtp2inc@hotmail.com * * send corrections to the typist Ay yo fuck y'all niggaz (Man fuck you too) Ay yo fuck y'all niggaz (Man fuck you too) It's big dog baby Gettin down like what See I'm a thorough bread I don't fuck wit much Bloodline is Where the pups at They off the Grand Champ Yea what black Don't nothin move less Dog say so Cats clueless About the way it go Off the chain I got At least 3 kills Even though my last album only did 3 mil I still give em chill Cuz they feel dog I can't help what it is Shit is real dog You must have thought that It was a joke or somethin Now you done fucked around And got your man choked for frontin Now hold up playa Cuz I don't play those games And don't ask me shit Cuz I don't say no names See what I know I'm taking To the fuckin grave So keep knockin cuz you ain't gettin a fuckin thing [Chorus x4] Ay yo Who we be was off the last joint But now it's who we see And we forget the last joint Cats ain't never walked like X Even before coochie rapper talked like sex I've been around since at least 83 So ain't no sense in you motherfuckers hatin me Cuz I'm gon be here when you cats is gone And other cats is on Another batch is born Don't give a fuck Bout none of y'all Fuck each and every one of y'all Cuz I done done it all Been where ya at Been where ya goin Then brought it back I tried to tell ya bout it But you wouldn't listen Now I'm gonna take you to the hood Cuz the hood will listen I wish you woulda listened Cuz then you woulda known That it's only right To give a dog a bone Bitch [Chorus x2] Aw Man There are some things I can't stand When a nigga holla wanna shake my left hand When a nigga follow cuz he actin like my man Nigga might as well swallow cuz he actin like a fan And I got balls like you do Man I got paul to pull through you Stan don't they know how we do In to the streets with our hearts to the people Gots to give a little to get somethin back And what you usually give see you ain't nothin black But when you don't give then it won't last His shit will disappear like wit a nigga that smoked fast You'll get broke fast That's the lord's will Hold up I think somebody's a the door Shhh chill You sit right there I'm gonna answer that Cuz when I finish poppin ain't nobody answerin back [Chorus x4] Fuck it The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DMX f/ Eve, Jadakiss Album: Grand Champ Song: We're Back Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash {*whispered*} Ruff Ryders ("They're BAAAACK!") [DMX] This is what you're tellin me, okay It all comes down to this huh? Okay This is what you fuckin tellin me? That this is it? Okay (GRRRRRRRRRR) How many slugs should I plug into yo' chest before it's get filled Since you ain't got nuttin else to do but get killed Been a fiend every since I found out how a slaughter taste Empty a clip of hollow tips into yo' daughter's face Cause that's just the type of shit that I'm on Collect my dough, make the fuckin hit and I'm gone I ain't never gots to worry about the aim Infrared, to your head, will make sure, I hit him in the brain BLAOW! One mo' time for good luck - for what?! He was already dead, what the fuck?! I be, breakin my shit up OFF in a nigga When I don't see, nuttin but SOFT in a nigga Fuckin coward, I wonder how it - feels To have to look at your moms - squeal, after I hit her with the steel Ill, that's how a nigga blows shit up Believe whoever I hit up, will never get up Tell me, how it's goin down nigga If I'm bein a fuckin clown nigga (yeah) Take a couple of rounds nigga, I keep a toast real close In case I gotta turn the rest of yo' peeps into ghosts Fuck it I'm ready for combat, with a gat that'll make any nigga, become a meal for the fuckin rats There won't be nuttin left of money but a soupbone Big Motherfuckin DMX from the group home [Chorus: DMX] Niggaz don't mean what they say when they talk Niggaz lean a certain kind of way when they walk Niggaz don't mean what they say when they talk Niggaz lean a certain kind of way when they walk [Eve] Since the first day in it, I made a promise to myself I was gonna make it happen, that's the way I felt You know Philly never scared, play the cards we dealt Doin it my way, you bitches strugglin for help I hear your rumors and your so-called beefs But it's a different story any time we meet in the streets I'm fully in it bitch, your shit is juvenile to me We can squash it, go 'head let you warm up the crowd for me I hate to even be like this, y'all bring it out To tell the truth it excites me, I scream it out Sick wid'dit, ain't a bitch that can get wid'dit Admit it, I'm that bitch you can't live wid'dit And I'ma keep it comin long as I'm here Pitbull, back at'cha neck, I'm hearin them cheer E-V-E is what they need in they life, I'm bout mine Now I'm done wit'chu, fuck out my face, wastin my time [Chorus: Eve] Bitches don't mean what they say when they talk Bitches lean a certain kind of way when they walk Bitches don't mean what they say when they talk Bitches lean a certain kind of way when they walk [Jadakiss] Nahh! Uh, yeah, aiyyo I got a wet haze, coke, and a p-blow block But y'all still missin the point like a free throw shot Get it? This ain't some'n you learn, this is some'n you earn Turn it up and give me some'n to burn That boy 'Kiss is a hell of a man Treat your life like a cell phone, so try to get a helluva plan Cause most dudes left the hood broke A couple knew what they was doin, so they came back like good coke Down South they'll tell you 'Kiss is good folk (that's right) Up North I hit my niggaz off with good smoke Out West they ridin with me, now I'm back hard I'm just worried bout the rats that's in my back yard Hated by many, confronted by none I trust two guys, one's God, and one is my gun Jada is the nice guy, 'Kiss is the monster D-Block and Double R is my sponsor [Chorus: Jadakiss] Cowards don't mean what they say when they talk Cowards lean a certain kind of way when they walk Cowards don't mean what they say when they talk Cowards lean a certain kind of way when they walk [Jada] Fuckin cowards! [DMX] Niggaz can't be fuckin serious, y'all niggaz pussy Niggaz pussy - y'all don't like it? BRING IT, BITCH! Just a lil' some'n man, to let y'all know To niggaz know man, matter of fact Matter of fact y'all niggaz, excuse my back man! Straight up y'all niggaz, pardon my back! I ain't got no rap for no sucka-ass niggaz! Five time motherfuckin champ! Five times! BITCH! Touch that! Then holla back! Motherfucker! A nigga done had this rap shit I'm out.. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DMX Album: Grand Champ Song: Rob All Night (If I'm Gonna Rob) Typed by: benhersh@hotmail.com * * send corrections to the typist [Chorus: repeat 2X] If I'm gonna rob, I'ma rob all night (yeah!) If I'm lookin' for something' then it's probly a fight If I'm gonna fuck bitches then they better be tight If that's dead, then the head better be right (C'mon) [Verse 1] Here we go again, fuckin right Dog man X baby, dog for life Know how this shit go, built off fights Bitch dog be like "AIGH, AIGH, AIGH" OOH, this rap shit be getting kinda hectic It's not a game nigga, cats don't respect it Real shit's been neglected for far too long Let's get it on! I jump off slugs like packages from UPS But you run when you see X Pull out the front when you see Tex POW, the light is what you see next Fuck who you listenin' to, I'm the badest Any niggaz in the industry is faggots Due alone niggaz don't want no static Whent hey say who shot J R it won't be Dalas [Verse 2] Y'all niggaz don't know how the dog livin' No matter what I do I keep on winnin' Can't stop me now. It's just the beginning' Gon' be there 'till the endin' In 2005 you won't know Stop, drop, open up shot, let 'em go Hit 'em with the same flow I hit 'em with before This time I'm goin' around the back door Got me like "GOD!" you niggaz is stupid Get the drum crack 4 bars, horn then loop it Same shit that you did to me, took what you did Got niggaz movin', but not institution Dog done did it again, uh uh (WHAT?) Dog is in it to win, uh huh (WHAT?) Dog did a nigga and then, uh huh (WHAT?) You thought dog was afraid? Nah ah (Come on) [Verse 3] My niggaz, some niggaz you don't wanna try But then again, I be that one to bust a nigga in his eye I don't give a fuck bitch all my niggaz ready to die Hit you with the things so you niggaz ready to fly You don't want no more Bring all ya got to even the score E5 is HOT? You want more? You really don't know what you're askin' for Listen old man, don't do that We all dogs over here, don't act like a cat We like, touch balls, round table with a bat Start with the cheers, "Crack, crack, crack!" The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DMX f/ Cam'Ron Album: Grand Champ Song: We Go Hard Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash  {*sample: "Didn't I fool ya baby? Aww, didn't I fool ya?"*} [Cam] Uhh, what's really good? X I'm in the buildin man, yea!  {*sample: "Didn't I fool ya baby? Aww, didn't I fool ya?"*} [DMX] It's all, good, my, nigga [Cam] That's right, you know how we do dawg, "Pull It" [Cam] Y.O., Harlem, we back part two man, Dark Man where you at? [DMX] Uhh, uhh, uhh, uhh, UHH, UHHHH!!! [DMX] Let's set this shit off, start this shit RIGHT It's goin down to-night! Dawg off the leash, dawg walks with heat Dawg stalks the streets, in New York to eat How many times do I gotta come through (YEA!) Layin that thing down, puttin holes in you You cats get it on the double, so stay the fuck out of my WAYYYY, you don't want no trouble (c'mon!) We travel double far, to bring you trouble God We rollin double hard, yea nigga Double R! I don't know what you thought it was, but it's NOT But I know that you caught the SLUGS, they was hot Get the fuck off the block! (WHAT?) There's no more room for bitch niggaz (uhh) dawg I'm comin to get niggaz (YEA!) Lift niggaz, out they boots, dust it Cause I don't just walk around with them things to bust it Uhh, we go hard! Never mind what a nigga say - we go hard! We gon' play how we wanna play - we go hard! Man we do this shit all day - we go hard! Motherfucker! Uhh, we go hard! Never mind what a nigga say - we go hard! We gon' play how we wanna play - we go hard! Bitch, we do this shit all day - we go hard! Motherfucker! [Cam'Ron] Yo, I leave jail smoothly, jump in the pale hooptie Fuck the dick-suckin-ass nigga male groupies Diplomats, you look at alliance, you shook in defiance I'm cookin up coke, lookin for clients I got the AK, SK, 40 cal Scope red on your head still 40 thou' (40 thousand) Worse than files of {?} turf burstin blaow Give the church my child, ask to nurture thou Cause I've seen the hearses now But if this was Gilligan's Isle, Thirstin Howl, wow Look at his kicks, they worth a thou' Isn't it sad, do what I say and wish that you had You Michigan crabs, you stabbed you piss in a bag Or worse than that, zipped in a bag Broke to fractions, a division of math From, Hollywood, shittin on Shaft, we go hard Killa Killa Killa, Killa uh uhh [DMX] KILLA! X and Killer Cam, Dark Man X, once again - PULL IT! Uhh, uhh, uhh, uhh, UHHHHHHH! I just love how it's goin, Cam, X flowin (GET AT 'EM DAWG) I'm already knowin Step lightly around dawg (YEA!) I might be hittin town dawg (YEA) You really tryin to get down dawg? Only thing I can do with pussy is fuck it And I would tell you to suck my dick but you might suck it See y'all niggaz the cat type (WHAT?) You still a baby get your ass wiped (WHAT?) Must I take a nigga's last stripe? (c'mon!) Youse a bitch, now more bitch than a bitch Still a bitch fuckin bitch, you been a bitch Know how we do, run up, in a bitch Peep the crib, run up, in it quick (yea!) Everything breathin stops; only thing my niggaz is leavin is shots, you done got a nigga hot Let me catch you on the block, bitch-ass niggaz is cowards Done fucked around and dropped the soap in the shower (C'MON!) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DMX f/ Big Stan Album: Grand Champ Song: We Bout to Blow Typed by: fdiddy75@hotmail.com * * send corrections to the typist [DMX] UHH UHH UHHHHHH!!!!!!! Yeah!! {*repeat 3X*} Def Jam Yeah!! (come on) Ruff Ryders Yeah!! (come on) [Chorus: DMX - repeat 2X] Bloodline, we bout to blow (WHAT!) Ruff Ryders, we bout to blow (WHAT!) Vacant Lot, we bout to blow (WHAT!) Man, bitch-ass niggaz just don't know [Verse 1: DMX] I'm just gonna stick to the script cuz you know how that shit go Quick to the flip dog, kitten don't let go Get that shit yo, wrong or right me Dog for life and its on tonight Y'all niggaz make money, money, money My Niggaz take money, money, money Bloodline, get down cuz I love mine I can put my life on the line at least one time Cats don't know nothing, but show frontin I'm a pump pump it up like Joe Budden Dark Man, bang your head with the walk man Tryna holla at shorty, you still tryna talk man Sometimes niggaz is worse than the bitches So I'm a holla at you, but first with the stitches Cats don't know who you fucking with 'til you fucking with X and you stuck in shit [Verse 2: Big Stan] Yo Grease I need this beat, no disrespect I just got some shit I need to get off my chest Look around and I see the rap game is a mess So many chromes, now they getting me vexed Upset and insane in how the game gonna change shit Sounding the same, and it's a ma fucking shame While lames think they flow so sick, getting excited Yeah they got a sick flow, its called the “Young Hoe Virus” BUT, let me fall back into character B got so hot, never been an amateur Ask the locals, Boy its Lo-Co Never Stop my flow, wanna go pro, you know Check the history, started with the R's Now I'm running with the line, four time, no mystery Dog, tryna position me to get in the door But since the door don't open wide enough, we rippin it off [Verse 3: DMX] Dog, gonna be Dog, that's how I get down Step up, nigga, sit down, put your shit down (AIGHT!!!) Clowns ain't even built for the circus, I'm about to pop this nigga (DOG, It ain't worth it) TAHHHH, yeah you right, soon as your man make it dead at night I'll be there, aight?? (then what??) Everything stops, money turns on the light, and Pa Pop Pop Pop!!! [Big Stan] None stop shots ringing out, cowards hit the ground I came to get down if you came to get down Blow the pound up, niggaz wanna what with us Bloodline and the dog I trust, so for the dog I bust That thang, catch me while I'm up in the truck with that thang Dog get the word, it's a must that I bang And trust me, I'm gonna do my motherfuck'n thang Yeah! Come on man, ya niggaz don't know what the fuck this shit is! Gutter {*repeat 4X*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DMX Album: Grand Champ Song: The Rain Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash  {*singing*} Now I know, only I, can stop the rain Uh.. uh.. uh, uh, uh  {*singing*} Now I know, only I, can stop the rain It's not that we gotta do what we do It's what we know, so to me it ain't nuttin but bein true but  {*singing*} Now I know, only I, can stop the rain It doesn't have to be the way it is, you say it is Just because for the past 20 years, every day it is  {*singing*} Now I know, only I, can stop the rain I wanna be able to walk out my front door Without worryin about comin in conflict with the law, cause  {*singing*} Now I know, only I, can stop the rain If I follow Him, they'll follow me And I'll speak life into the word that you can see  {*singing*} Now I know, only I, can stop the rain We get away with everyday shit, but everyday shit catches up to you and when it does you can't say shit!  {*singing*} Now I know, only I, can stop the rain If I don't, you will, when I won't, you steal What makes it feel like we gots to kill?  {*singing*} Now I know, only I, can stop the rain How many more lives must we lose? How many more times must we choose to trust these fools?  {*singing*} Now I know, only I, can stop the rain If it ain't broke, don't fix it I gave it to you straight don't mix it twist it up on some slick shit  {*singing*} Now I know, only I, can stop the rain I don't have to talk to it any more I don't have to walk to it any more, I'm out the door {*SLAM*}  {*singing*} Now I know, only I, can stop the rain I wanna find peace with the Lord I don't wanna find a beast with the sword, I can't afford to  {*singing*} Now I know, only I, can stop the rain When every day of my life Is a constant fight between wrong and right  {*singing*} Now I know, only I, can stop the rain I thank you Lord for my life Thank you Lord for keepin it loose when things got tight  {*singing*} Now I know, only I, can stop the rain Only I can stop the rain Only I can stop the pain, yeahh  {*singing*} Now I know, only I, can stop the rain Only I can stop, the rain, stop, the rain, yeahh - WHAT? ... GRRRR, only I (only I) can stop (can stop) the rain (the rain) Only I can stop the rain, cause the rain falls on me  {*singing*} Now I know, only I, can stop the rain Only I can stop the rain {*thunderclap*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DMX f/ Monica Album: Grand Champ Song: Don't Gotta Go Home Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com * * send corrections to the typist [Intro: DMX] + (Monica) GRRRRRRRRRRR.. yeah I mean we all men, we all men We know how the shit go.. love one, fuck another I mean, it is what it is, it is what it is I mean, we knew what it was, when we became a part of it (yeahh) Ain't no sense whinin about it now, feel me? It's like.. [Monica] + (DMX) There's something on your mind (WHAT!) I can see right through you I know your girl been treatin you wrong (YEA!) But she ain't no good for you Why do you hold it inside (UHH!) Boy you should let me know I just want to make you right Wanna be the one you could cry on [DMX] Baby, it's like I love my wife But we goin through things and I ain't goin home tonight You got time for a nigga, or is he still with you? Wanna meet at the same spot, or should I come and get you? Aight, I'll be there in 10, be in the front I been gettin what I need so I'ma give you what you want One-on-one, cause you know how to talk to Dog You walk the dog and understand New York is hard, baby [Chorus: Monica and DMX] [M] So you, you ain't gotta go home tonight [M] You can stay right here with me [D] Uhh.. I ain't goin nowhere [D] When you wake up I'm gon' be right there [M] Don't you worry 'bout a thing [D] I ain't worried about SHIT! [M] You're here with me [D] Look, it's like I love my wife [D] But we goin through things and I ain't goin home tonight, AIGHT? [Monica] + (DMX) It's kinda strange, that when you call (mmm) She's never home Now you're there all alone And, you deserve so much more baby (WHAT!) I can treat you better than she can (WHAT!) It doesn't make sense To keep on loving, and keep on trusting When, in return all you get is nothing [DMX] Damn, you got me fucked up and I'm feelin it more Never had a mis-tress dis-tressed before Oh come on ma, like it ain't that deep Like ain't no love there, like I don't hate that I gotta creep We go to sleep in each others arms (YEA!) And I feel like this is where I belong If lovin you is right then I ain't wrong This is the same ol' song, wife and fam Gotta be a father and husband but I'm still yo' man, baby [Monica] + (DMX) This situation's getting critical (uh-huh!) I watch so many tears fall (uh-huh!) I know she's not what you want (uh-huh!) So why you keep on holding on? (GRRRRR) When I'm right here (WHAT!) All you need to do is call (WHAT!) Don't be afraid (YEA!) Cause she won't know at, ALLLLLLLLL [Chorus] - repeat 2X w/ ad libs The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DMX f/ Magic, Val Album: Grand Champ Song: A'Yo Kato Typed by: bolt_of_assault@hotmail.com * * send corrections to the typist [DMX] Huh, This go out to my dog Kato, rest in piece baby Dogs that I call my friends Praying for all my friends Things I do for my friends We miss you! A'YO KATO! [Verse One: DMX] Started off two dogs with the same goal (uh!) Nothing but two dogs walkin' the same road (uh!) Two different cultures, but had the same heart (yeah) Enjoyed seeing the light, but lived in the dark 5th Avenue, bumped heads in the parking lot (aight) Was a quite brother, didn't like to bark a lot Came direct (uh), when he came, gave respect so I gave respect, (uh) we shared the same respect To name regret, in our own circles Two brothers with good hearts, but if you start Two brothers that'll hurt you (yeah) Know how that dirt do, Hittin four corners (arf, arf, arf, ARF) Right back upon us God tried to warn us, but sometimes we don't see When I first heard I'm like "THIS CAN'T BE! Y'all niggaz is bugging Got the wrong information or something Please tell me these niggaz is frontin'" God know.. Dogs that I call my friends Praying for all my friends Things I do for my friends (we miss you, Kato) We miss you! A'YO KATO! Dogs that I call my friends (we miss you, Kato) Praying for all my friends Things I do for my friends (we miss you, Kato) We miss you! A'YO KATO!] [Verse Two: DMX] A'yo K' let me kick it wid you for a minute There was things left unsaid, dog, we wasn't finished Never got to say THANKYOU for being a friend DOGS FOR LIFE, and you...rode to the end Held dog down, didn't let a day go by Everytime dog came the the shy I was good, trips our to Phoenix, with the scrambler squad Now I come back to Phoenix and like "damn it's hard" To accept the fact, that you won't be coming back But I hope you coming back, 'cosI won't accept the fact When you came to New York, you had to come to the crib And vice-versa, (yeah!), thats just how we did Remote control cars, (WHAT!), we would rac all day It was adventure, we would chase our day! (yeah!) So I'm not gonna say goodbye my nigga Instead I would rather Focus on the time we spent together, that's what matters [Verse Three: DMX] Need you to save me a spot, next to you and the lord (aight) Don't know when I'm coming, but keep checking the door (aight) But while I'm here, knock on wood I'll make sure that your kids remember who their father was And Val is good, (aight!) understood how real niggaz move We don't part, but ya gonna always have family in New York Believe that (yeah!), where you at, you can see that We dogs for life and to death and I mean that! [Chorus] - 2X [DMX] Yo, 'Where The Hood At' is banging right now, man That was your favourite choice, ya know what I mean? [Magic & Val] We miss you, Kato [DMX] It's going just like we thought it would baby [Magic & Val] We miss you, Kato [DMX] Aight [Magic & Val] We miss you, Kato! [Val] I'll always love you K' The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DMX f/ Patti LaBelle Album: Grand Champ Song: Thank You Typed by: Gemini_20502K@blackplanet.com [Intro: DMX] Uh! (Our father) I'm a talk this (Who art in heaven) Start walk this [Verse 1: DMX] In the name of Jesus I can have everything good of the earth be given to me by him In the name of Jesus There would be never be a time that I have to fight the devil and I cannot win In the name of Jesus I lose all strong holds that the devil had over my life In the name of Jesus When I save a thousand two or save ten So I thank the lord for my wife In the name of Jesus I want to thank you what you showed me what you told me In the name of Jesus I want to thank you for your love and watchin over me In the name of Jesus I don't have to, go through what I went through anymore In the name of Jesus I don't have to (What!) now that I got you in my life ever more (Come on!) [Chorus: Patti LaBelle] I know it cannot happen without you, you you, without you, oh, oh oh oh Without you [Verse 2: DMX] In the name of Jesus You gave me the book, so now I just look when I need the word In the name of Jesus You took, a crook, gave him a new look now he speaks the word In the name of Jesus It don't matter what we did tell it to the lord and he forgives Whatever it was right or wrong I'm a catch up with the herd then I'm comin home In the name of Jesus I ran away for far too long starve too long In the name of Jesus Where people perish for lack of knowledge They all too strong let's get it on In the name of Jesus I realize I'm a sinner I repent my sins and right this moment am a beginner Baby in the spirit, let me go In the name of Jesus please let me go!!!! (Come on!) [Chorus: Patti LaBelle] I know it cannot happen without you, you you, without you, oh, oh oh oh Without you [Bridge: DMX] + (Patti LaBelle) I gotta say what's on my mind (Say what's on your mind) You saved my life a thousand times (Saved a thousand times) Gave me a dream that came to be Opened my eyes so I could see [DMX & Patti LaBelle] I had my ups and had my downs Until you turned my life around And I want the whole world to see They don't know what you mean to me [Verse 3: DMX] In the name of Jesus All praises due to the shepherd watchin the flock of sheep In the name of Jesus Ain't even about where I'm steppin You watch in the dark when I'm sleep [Chorus: Patti LaBelle] I know it cannot happen without you, you you, without you, oh, oh oh oh Without you [Outro: Patti LaBelle] What you want, sing! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DMX Album: Grand Champ Song: The Prayer V Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [DMX] Let us pray Father thank you for makin me righteous and accepted through the blood of Jesus Because of that I am blessed and highly favored by you I am the object of your affection Your favors surround me as a shield And the first thing that people come in contact with +IS+ my favorite shield Thank you that I have favor with you and man today All day long, people go out of their way to bless and to help me I have favor with everyone that I deal with today Doors that were once closed are now open for me I receive preferential treatment and I have special priveledges I am God's favorite child No good thing will he withhold from me Because of God's favor my enemies cannot triumph over me I have supernatural increase in promotions I declare restoration of everything that the devil has stolen from me I have honor in the midst of my adversaries and an increase of assets Especially in real estate and an expansion of territory Because I am highly favored by God I experience great victories Supernatural turn-arounds and miraculous breakthroughs in the midst of great impossibilities I receive recognition, prominence and honor Petitions are granted to me even by unGodly authorities Policies, rules, regulations and laws are changed and reversed on my behalf I win battles that I don't even have to fight because God fights them for me This is the day, the set time the designated moment for me to experience the free favors of God that profusely and lavishly abound on my behalf In Jesus MIGHTY name we have prayed; Amen, and Amen The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DMX f/ Big Stan Album: Grand Champ Song: On Top (Bonus Track) Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com * * send corrections to the typist [DMX] Uhh.. yeah, uhh Uhh, uhh, uhh, uhh - WHAT! [Chorus 2X: DMX] + (Big Stan) We gon' make these cats (WHAT!) STOP! Why they waitin to (WHAT!) GO! We gon' keep it (ON TOP!) ON TOP! Why these cats is like (YO!) AIYYO! [DMX] Song ain't a song without X and the B.S. Earl, Stan - initials E.S. About to shut it down, y'all don't see this? Oh my God (WHAT!) Y'all don't see this? Started with a little, raising the pups Now I'm a home-run hitter, we raising our cups Toastin, to all the roastin we done (UHH) Bite hard, done bit hard but don't run (UHH) My dogs is dogs with official +Bloodlines+ Cats want - mine? X Blood-line? Oh you tryna get hit in the HEAD one time Straight to the body with the whole .29 (WHAT!) It's gon' be whatever it's gon' be (UHH!) And I'm gon' see whatever I'm gon' see (UHH!) And I'm gon' do whatever I'm gon' do So if it's fuck me nigga, then FUCK YOU too! (C'MON!) [Big Stan] + (DMX) Off the chain I'ma run through, walk through, gun do haunt you A gun puts a spark through, no tellin what the hawk do (WHAT!) Only speak for me, no tellin what the Dog do (Dog do what the fuck Dog do, shit!) Yo' crew leave it alone (uh-uh!) You got your eyes on the bone? (uh-uh!) Can't keep your eyes of the throne? (Go on now) With that shit you did (man, c'mon now!) I'm gettin sick of niggaz fuckin with D You fuckin with D? You fuckin with me You fuckin with me? You fuckin with X Fuckin with X? You fuckin with a softball-sized hole up in your vest And the rest? (WHAT!) Ain't nothin to rap about Ain't no ("I ain't mean it!") when the strap is out Ain't no ("Yo, sorry!") when the rats is out Cause the rats don't know shit but POINT MONEY OUT! (UHH!) [DMX] School Street, Moulfred, Whitney Young Been there, lived there, now it's become a place where the face I'm not familiar with These new cats done got me on some "I'MA KILL YOU SHIT!" [Big Stan] And I remember when you came through flyin, a 1-2-9 Scooped ya man up and he signed to the 'Line I got a deal, shit I'm still in the grind (WHAT!) Got the steal, cause shit is still on my mind [DMX] You gots to watch niggaz that you talk to Cause sometimes they talk to you funny, whassup wit'chu money? Oh you think it's sweet? My name must be Honey Funny, 'til you leave with your head bloody [Big Stan] And what he gon' do when a 6-foot-3 430-pound motherfucker come through? (WHAT?) NOTHIN! (C'MON!) Breathe easy! When cats talk slick dogs get GREASY! [Big Stan] WHAT! [DMX] Why these cats is like (YO!) AIYYO! Why these cats is like (YO!) AIYYO! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DMX Album: Year of the Dog... Again Song: Intro Typed by: mcgreezy87@aol.com [Intro] RUFF RYDERS!! YOU KNOW!! {*explosion*} [DMX] (Here we go again, baby) Here we go again; fuckin right! Dark Man X baby, dog for life, for life, for life... "When I say D, M; y'all say X!" "D, M!" (Crowd: X!) "D, M!" (Crowd: X!) "When I say D, M; y'all say X!" "D, M!" (Crowd: X!) "D, M!" (Crowd: X!) "When I say D, M; y'all say X!" "D, M!" (Crowd: X!) "D, M!" (Crowd: X!) "When I say D, M; y'all say X!" "D, M!" (Crowd: X!) "D, M!" (Crowd: X!) [DMX] I don't fuck with what you sayin 'cause your raps weak I take the back streets of New York, and run a track meet To form life from a rap sheet See that be the flow that's crushin 'em on the L Jumpin on they fuckin shit, bustin 'em 'til they swell Then tell, your mother, next time she see her son is never And I be on yo' dick, if my name was "No Pussy".. ever Like "The Hulk," but they can't fix me "Doom, doom, doom, doom, doom," and sly like Bill Bixby This should be havin niggaz in the emergency Undergoing surgery, wanting to murder me When you go, you know you heard of me And yo' last thought is what you did wasn't worth ya life It's what yo' ass bought Caught up in some shit, and I had to let you feel this steel They found his faggot ass slumped over the steering wheel You still feeling real? Naw nigga you looking tired Gone on to sleep baby, 'cause yo' shit is just expired "When I say D, M; y'all say X!" "D, M!" (Crowd: X!) "D, M!" (Crowd: X!) "When I say D, M; y'all say X!" "D, M!" (Crowd: X!) "D, M!" (Crowd: X!) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DMX f/ Swizz Beatz Album: Year of the Dog... Again Song: We in Here Typed by: mcgreezy87@aol.com [Swizz Beatz] + DMX Game time... let's go... WE IN HERE! It's time to bring the East Coast back baby!! New York (the dog) WE IN HERE! We talkin' 'bout the Swizz and the dog wasn't gonna terrorize y'all niggaz? You can't be serious! Ruff Ryders! [Chorus: Swizz Beatz] We gon' get it, get it started, get it started again We gon' get it, get it started, get it started again (We in here!) We gon' get it, get it stoppin', get it poppin' again We gon' get it, get it poppin', get it poppin' again (follow me now!) {*scratching*} We..we..we..we..we..we..we..we..we..we..we..we..we..we..we IN HERE! [DMX] Six number one albums, imagine that Cats is sick, 'cause dog got his swagger back If that shit go, naw I ain't havin' that But they don't want it, I'ma still grab the bat Think I give a fuck? I'ma "get down," "go hard" type of nigga "Bring it to the yard" type nigga Four, four, one, O, five, fourteen thousand Ten, ten haze the street with the housin' C-76, remember me bitch? I'm that nigga that for life, gon' be yo' enemy bitch Fuck around, got my weight up, weight up, brought up Niggaz gettin' ate up, straight up, what the fuck? Come on vodto, this is just not your day So stop tryin' to be macho, aight yo? You don't wanna fight yo, I get's my strap on Put niggaz' lights out {*clapping noise*} clap on! [DMX] We don't bark no more, we bite Motherfucker from the heart, we can get this war on tonight Ain't nuttin but a thang 'cause the camp gets busy Fuckin' wit' the 'Line? It's a rizzy Shit ain't the same, cats done changed the game Fuck it, all y'all niggaz is lame, what's my motherfuckin' name? (Come on) Twenty million records sold While y'all niggaz is strugglin' to go gold! Come on papi! Can't none of y'all niggaz stop me Yahmean? Y'all niggaz is sloppy What would the game be without me? Nada! Cats talk about a whole lotta, Prada Gucci and scota, Louie Vuitton Come on, what up with what's really goin' on? "What's hood?" Cats ain't killin' nuttin but a few minutes I'm about to bury a box wit'chu in it So if you got's the whip, you better get on 'Cause if I pull up on, it won't be for Grey Poupon [DMX] Cats playin' games, so I'm goin' raw Run up in that fuckin' building, kick down the door Y'all don't want no fuckin' problems wit' X Y'all don't wanna see them four-legged beasts wit' them collars on their necks Wit' them niggaz downstairs wit' the tech, you know the rest Fuck it, blow it y'all niggaz, bitch I take respect Dog's shit hot, that's why y'all cowards froze me quick I pop up, catch niggaz on some cozy shit With Chinese slippers and silk scarves on Nigga out here tryin' to get his bark on, wonder why the dog gone I couldn't take it, deface it, that nigga make shit That's somethin' that'll happen, nigga wanna brace it And for the record, what you gonna do to fill up my spot? I ain't gon' front, that "Pon De Replay" shit, was kinda hot Not!! How you gonna jack Will Smith for a beat? That's like tryna jack me for the streets! It ain't happenin'! [Swizz Beatz] WE IN HERE! WE IN HERE! WE IN HERE! WE IN HERE!WE IN HERE! {*explosion*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DMX f/ Big Stan Album: Year Of the Dog... Again Song: I Run Shit Typed by: bro0klyn@hotmail.com * * send corrections to the typist [DMX] Man are you for real? you niggaz cant be fucking serious you not for real. you gotta be playing you better walk away I run shit here, Y'all just sit here Do y'all niggaz know what it took for me to get here I'm gonna stay here, earn my way here You can fuck around if you want but we don't play here We get through that, run right through that That's how we do that, y'all niggaz knew that Two albums in one year three albums in two Didn't I just fucking tell y'all niggaz that's how we do You wasn't even fucking listening when I just said What I said, you get that, what I just said I run shit here fuck y'all niggaz Jail what I said I used to duck y'all niggaz Motherfucker I'm grown and that's all to it Y'all leave a child on his own and I'm gonna do it Fuck I done did it, shit it you ain't even half way close to being with it forget it [Chorus][DMX] I run shit, I run shit here I run shit, I run shit here I run shit here, I run shit I run shit here, I run shit I run shit, I run shit here I run shit, I run shit here I run shit here, I run shit I run shit here, I run shit [DMX] I run shit here, what's my name Getting' down for real fuck my fame Played too many games and the games gone catch up with you Fame niggaz make stretcha catch up with you quicka You that nigga oh for real you that nigga Let me show you how we do that nigga See, y'all cats are small cats And niggaz like us aren't gonna believe that We takin all that fall back Get down, lay down, sit down Stay down, head round. Hey now Does a nigga wanna get a little off his mind I'm a nigga that will hit a nigga off his time Go off his spine, brains in the air Flames to the hair cause the game ain't fair And i'll take it there fuckin' with the right one baby Got that, we tryin' to light one baby (Big Stan) I've done shit here my guns spit here Y'all might live here but I run shit here Blood sweats and tears for years just to sit here Think I'm about to let you niggaz get here Cowards are stupid if you wanna see me prove it Try and take my position watch a quick a nigga lose it Make you get all my shit and have you fearing for your life Every time you see me roll up or ride up on a bike Dressed in all black with my pistol in your sight But it will be my man in all white that walks up with a knife I'm a big boy baby I don't play with you thin niggaz Getting my hands dirty when there's beef I send niggaz The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DMX f/ Busta Rhymes, Swizz Beatz Album: Year Of The Dog... Again Song: Come Thru (Move) Typed by: bro0klyn@hotmail.com * * send corrections to the typist [Chorus: Swizz Beatz - 2X] When I Come thru Everything gon' Stop When I Come thru Everything gon' Stop When I Come thru Everything gon' Stop Now move.. move.. move.. move.. [DMX] X comes thru the hood, like here comes trouble Year of the dog again, first week double Low in the rider, east coast nigga Fo' in the rider, street loc nigga Far for jiggie but like biggie bitches call me big poppa I got a big dick and I'd a pop her Yea the kid talk shit but the kid don't front How ever shit go "Give 'Em What They Want" I ain't signing shit, love my fans But Cross this line with the camera in your hands Cause it could get real ugly real thick And you like this nigga ???? real quick Motherfuckin' right, I ain't got time for the small talk One of us has got to go down, we can't all walk You know this as well as I do But I promise you, I'm go hide you and no one will find you [Chorus] (Swizz Beatz) [Busta Rhymes] Stop nigga, hold up, you know I don't quit You see I'm back and I'm comin' to smash your shit And ahhla back with the god and bus-a-bus nigga This time I'm Bringin' the shovel so I can come and dig another grave For all of you bustards what the fuck you think you doin' I'll put a stop to your function and anybody movin' And then I'll fuck up production and any crew you flew in You ain't with me, you against me, The loser side you chosen Anyway, word to ears, you niggaz know I ain't finished I'll Fuck up every hood, and I'm back to handle my business You niggaz thinking you though like you ate a can of spinach In till we mash on you faggots and make you change up your image Flip mode in this bitch, Ruff Ryders is with me You see we back on the block and yes, we runnin' the city Now you niggaz know the flow less ain't controlin' the committee Nothing' should be movin' unless my crew in it, you fell me [Chorus] (Swizz Beatz) [DMX] If there is money, I want half Niggaz is funny to watch, go head laugh Ain't nothing to smile about For real, all niggaz is wildin' out Niggaz who pound you out We found you out in distance Leg missin', head missin' Something like 28 ??? missin' And you know how the dessert do a nigga Brake you down quick, residue a nigga Can't stop the flow, Niggaz stop and go When ever I drop, a million out the door Y'all niggaz know, X got to be fucked with Y'all run around on some dumb shit with a slump dick Fuck a bitch, you niggaz know I don't mind scrapping When I see you I see you what ever happens, happens This ain't just rappin', niggaz talk a good one You know what let that go, see me in the hood son [Chorus] (Swizz Beatz) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DMX f/ Jadakiss, Styles P. Album: Year of the Dog... Again Song: It's Personal Typed by: mcgreezy87@aol.com [DMX] We all got guns, we all got dogs We all gon' make that trip to the morgue We all find it harder to see through the fog We all know the difference between right and wrong We should all live life by one fact Before you doin dirt, the dirt gon' come right back I seen cats go out like suckers I seen cats get down like, "Yo, them some bad motherfuckers" I see fake niggaz and the games they play Aiyyo, I deal with that bullshit e'ry day But that ain't gon' stop me from doin what I'm doin I got things beside bullshit to be pursuing It's that craft for me, the half of me Let through niggaz in the door after me Yo, somebody stop me; please, somebody come and get me If I go, I'm taking niggaz with me! [Hook: Styles P.] - repeat 2X Dog nigga, Ghost nigga Hop the bar with the toast nigga It's like the Lord getting close nigga It's personal, now we gotta smoke niggaz It's personal, now we gotta host niggaz [Styles P.] (Dog nigga, what up!) Nigga fuck the cop and the warrant You get a chance, poppin, informing All I need is a glock and I'm touring Hit every hole in the wall, have me a ball And then slide the fuck out in the top of the morning If you hear me cockin it on 'em, I'm poppin it on 'em I don't fuck around nigga, better stop it and mourn 'em And who the fuck asked you to rhyme? I'm the Ghost, when I come around, they throwing up the hazardous sign And you ain't around chemicals, just around generals Who spend, passing they time, blasting they nine Rather die with my man then the five for ya livewire Spend half of ya time, smashing ya spine Other half we getting money and more money You think about cars, I got "goin to war" money That P and that dog money, we still in the front of the store, money And if anybody slip, they getting sent to the morgue, money [Hook w/ Jadakiss adlibs] - repeat 2X [Jadakiss] It's like lately I've been feeling so weak at the knees And speaking to niggaz is just like speaking to thieves So I keep the hawk ready to eat 'em Guess already? Then meet 'em I'm fair game, but I'm ready to cheat 'em The streets ain't right now, the Colgate White is light brown These niggaz ain't nice, they nice clowns That's why I'ma start layin them right down And have 'em there layin in the casket, ice down Jacob watch on 'em, mortician must've been hazed up 'Cause you can see the makeup spots on 'em This is way beyond ya Avion The Golden King, more like Polo Spring And what makes it even worse, aiyyo it's that it's personal Maybe even ya Earth can go I'll make it where they can never find the bitch Right outta the bar, with all kind of shit [Hook] - repeat 2X [Outro: Styles P.] Yeah, y'all niggaz can get caught up in the hype if you want Bodies drop over here, this is not a game man You wanna get caught up in the hype again? Then you can fall in the hype again This is a movement, Double R, nigga you know what's up And if you don't, you gon' get to know what's up Yeah, we ain't playin wit' y'all niggaz this year '06, '07, and on, nigga what's up? Pop off! You know how I work! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DMX Album: Year of the Dog... Again Song: Baby Motha Typed by: dynamite9383@yahoo.com [Reporter] Rapper and actor DMX along with wife pregnant wife Tashera Showed up at the federal court in Queens Wednesday To accept a plea agreement Inside the courthouse, DMX signed autographs with a sketch artist over the face As well as the fans caught off guard By this star's appearances [Chorus: DMX] My baby motha be buggin soon as I walked in the door Got me like "I ain't fuckin with that bitch no more" Don't even like so I can't fuck with her Thinkin cause we got a kid together, I'm stuck with her, nah (Repeat) [DMX] My baby's motha be buggin, she wanna blast stick bitches One of them talk shit, and then get they ass kicked bitches Once upon a story, yall niggas know the story And that everything is lovely when it's all about the glory But soon as shit hit the fan, honies be wanna take the kid and scram I'm having bad thoughts, don't like how dark it's getting man From the time I wake up and get dressed  I get stressed, and hardly ever get rest It's '05, so I'm on some different shit cousin She ain't gon have me liftin through that riffin shit cousin I got moves to make and mad shit to do Her friends are looking good so I might hit the crew It's like one and two that might get a nigga that big and happy And I know them bitches will fuck me cause when I see 'em, they be winkin at me You listenin thinkin that's a crazy brother But I'm gon have to be a father who ain't fuckin with his baby motha [Chorus: 2x] [DMX] Bitches be callin the cops, thinkin they callin the shots Takin the dude with the bag, baby it's all in the pops And do yo thing, cause I'm doin mine boo A nigga just been chillin, I been just fine, and you? I kicked it with my honey and she put me on to something You gon think until you really see me gon, I'm frontin Maybe if you kept your friends of respectable distance Out of our business, I wouldn't have to come and visit I thought you knew, let the shit you like switchin clothes When them bitches through, ain't to co sure when they home But that ain't never stopped yo ass from passin on the Guess Askin for that Cougie sweater, patten up the breast Patten up the butt, but you think niggas is stupid Last week yo shit was like the dog, look at it now, too big I ain't gon blow yo shit no more, I shouldn't be even did that Cause you my baby motha, and I'ma always hit that [Hook: Janyce] (DMX) Give a hell what you say (You don't) I ain't never gon go away (You won't) I'ma stalk you till I find you (Been there) Turn around and be right behind you (Still there) Be in the bushes outside yo house Just waitin for you to come out Cause I'm a stupid bitch (I know) A real fuckin stupid bitch (I know) Ain't nothing but a stupid bitch [Chorus: 2x] [DMX] My baby motha be buggin soon as I walked in the door Got me like "I ain't fuckin with this bitch no more" Give me a Puerto Rican honey that cook rice and beans And hair down to her ass, who looks nice in them jeans So I can be like "Damn, you looking good and I wanna fuck" But you a chicken so when I'm finish, I got a duck Plus, you don't wanna be around and see what honey do And plenty comin through, she comin through with that twenty-two Trust me, you don't need that in your life Oh yall bitches already know, I got a wife You'se a stupid bitch, a real fuckin stupid bitch You ain't nothing but a stupid bitch. Bitch! [Bridge] [Chorus until fade] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DMX f/ Amerie, Janice Album: Year of the Dog... Again Song: Dog Love Typed by: dynamite9383@yahoo.com [DMX] {Americe and Janice harmonizing} Uh (Owww) uh oh It's for the ladies (Ha ha) Strickly for the ladies (One more time) Hey, that's all this is Uh uh (Uh uh) [DMX] She was five seven one twenty-five Man, loose lips with those thighs (Uh) Couldn't just let her walk by (right), I ain't a thirsty nigga But right about now my throat was gettin real dry Shoo this shit, had to be the cutest bitch I seen in a long time and I don't do this shit, like Runnin up on hoes, what up ma, I'm X Cause you know how this goes, come on ma, I'm X We just chill, sat and talk to the first light And for the first time I didn't fuck on the first night And it was aight, shorty was a thorobred Like "Belly", we ain't fuck, she just gave me head, for real (Janice) From the time that the sun is up Till the stars show up It really doesn't matter to me It doesn't matter babe There's no love like the dog love There's no love, it's dog love (Amerie) No matter what, I'll hold you down Nobody else will come around Don't even matter cause There's no love like the dog love I got my dog love, got my dog love baby (There's no love, it's dog love) [DMX] I run with shorty, pass off the gun to shorty Do whatever gots to be done with shorty, straight like that When I hit her like "I'll be right back" Yo, I'll be right back, ain't no bullshittin, I'll be right back She got a nigga catchin feelings, I'm a street nigga hard body But, she got me catchin feelings Man, those eyes, those lips Be like damn, those thighs, those hips She like "blam", make a nigga have to touch somethin (For real) Not necessarily fuck somethin, as long as I touch somethin (For real) A nigga blood boil when I see another nigga holla (WHAT) Don't make me have to pop a nigga in his fuckin collar [DMX] Aiyyo, shit is goin to smooth (Uh) Since Stella got a new groove (Yeah) it's like we got somethin to prove We gon' make it, rain or shine My heart is yours and yours is mine Like Eve said, "Love Is Blind" (Come on), right about now I can't see shit cause you always on my mind Been like that, since I met her, had to have her so I went to get her But I'm a dog so I didn't sweat her And it wasn't bout the cheddar, I don't trick I got two things for bitches, couple of jokes and some dick Yeah the kid talk slick but that's not what I'm about We got dog love and me and shorty ridin it out, we out [Janice and Amerie] All I want is you in my life All I got is you in my life All I need is you in my life So I know I'm gonna be all right (Repeat) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DMX f/ Bzr Royale Album: Year of the Dog... Again Song: Wrong or Right (I'm Tired) Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com [Bzr] AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!! [DMX] Uhh, yeah [Bzr] DMX [DMX] Uh-huh (uh-huh) uhh [Bzr] Bzr Royale - yeah, yeah, YEAH! [Bzr] OOOOOOOOOH! .. YEAH!!! [Chorus: DMX] I'm tired of answering for shit in MY LIFE It doesn't matter if it's wrong or right Tired of answering for shit that I DO Enough about me, MAN WHAT THE FUCK ABOUT YOU?! [Bzr Royale] Dreamin, starvin, drinkin, smokin Wishin, hopin, infra scopin Hater prayin for the day man What I'm sayin's hard not playin Feel the world is Aquaman Say them things for days it's rainin And it's always rainin, and it's always some'n I'ma keep on comin, I'ma keep on comin So butterflies can't reach my stomach to get my heartbeat jumpin and my blood flow pumpin So my life means some'n and it ain't no frontin for the respect you get for the work in the climbin For the ways that's beside me and the niggaz that don't like me Got a pistol and my iron if you wanna get to firin We can all keep the violence, we can all get the iron It's all about the timin if you wanna get the hype in - early! [DMX] Top, dog, cat's don't, know (WHAT!) Can't fuck with the flow from Y.O. (WHAT!) Ridin too much dick, say it ain't so (YEA!) I'm about to let the dog blow, YO! Get the fuck out the way or get bit (C'MON!) I ain't with the industry bullshit (UHH) Cause this is what you'll get (UHH) Stomped the fuck out or, shut the fuck up and (WHAT!) Put cats down never, got the fuck up and (WHAT!) What the fuck's up bitch, I'm tired of talkin I'm about to let my finger do the walkin (O-KAY!) Before we outlined in, chalk in the middle of the street Just start to feelin a little bit of heat (C'MON!) Don't let the steel in the street that you know go to your head Fuck around you gon' wake up, DEAD (aight?) I ain't playin wit'chu bitches, I got 20 years in it But I realize, it only takes a minute, to end it [Bzr Royale] It's Bzr Royale, come do it live Mama say, mama sah, mama macusa! We in {?} probably they know why Not tryin to be funny; my time is money See - OFTEN runnin we out the gate My - HORSE is gunnin, we winnin this race It's Bloodline (niggaz) it's no time (nigga) for bitch ass (niggaz) to fool my (niggaz) Drinkin daily, old ceiling leakin Men seem tense still smokin, drinkin Hammers ready for them billings Tryna creep up in my building Drunk ass bitches, what's the matter with your mind? Learn how to live or you learn how to die Kill a killa, be a killa, that's what's REALLY HOOD That's what's REALLY GOOD, wish a NIGGA WOULD [Bzr Royale - over Chorus] YEAH! YEAH! YEAH! YEAH! YEAH! AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH-HOOOO!! YEAH! YEAH! YEAH! YEAH! YEAH! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DMX Album: Year Of the Dog... Again Song: Give 'Em What They Wnat Typed by: bro0klyn@hotmail.com * * send corrections to the typist {2X} Give 'em what they want [c'mon] Give 'em what they want [c'mon] Give 'em what they want They all can't get it Give 'em what they want [c'mon] Give 'em what they want [c'mon] [give it to 'em!!] [owwwww!] [verse #1] Cats slide to the hood, but I walk through it Holdin' my fuckin' dick and that's all to it This ain't no new shit, told you when I met cha Show some fuckin' respect, knock before ya enter Bet cha, if its me that's comin' to get cha Its gonna be a back down on that stretcher For real, ya'll niggaz don't know pain Cause ya'll niggaz don't know me And well that's my name Ain't a fuckin' thing changed still the same y'all got dope but rob niggaz so be mob niggaz Y.O be hard niggaz School street I rep that , beat and scar niggaz Respect that and step back Come at me sideways and get laid down where you stand [gun load]**bla-dow!** with the cannons So stop all the dirty fuckin' looks Cause y'all niggaz ain't fuckin' crooks fuck around and get took I make moves, I break rules Pistol whip Niggaz if they got fake jewels I take tools [get money with 'em] I make rules [get bloody in 'em] Fuckin' with that nigga Earl Simmons Will have you in the middle a The ocean...swimming Up to creek with no paddle, y'all niggaz fuck Right when u should of bucked, y'all niggaz ducked Stuck 'em down that's your muther fuckin' luck [what!?] Clown! what now!? keep fuckin' playin' I'm gonna keep a nigga 6 feet deep layin' Shit keeps sprayin' what y'all sayin? Don't want nothing'...[c'mon] y'all niggaz known for frontin' Stop.. black! we don't take the kindly to them acts please don't remind me a That [Chorus]{2X} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DMX f/ Kashmir Album: Year Of the Dog... Again Song: Walk These Dogs Typed by: bro0klyn@hotmail.com * * send corrections to the typist [DMX] On and off the leash, I'm a beast No one ever gonna cross me in the streets My only worries if I'm gon' eat because WE GON' WALK THESE DOGS Yeah nigga, live it how I spit it Look at how I walk it y'all niggaz could get it But it must all go down X is wit' it because WE GON' WALK THESE DOGS You got it living BACK livin' with salt I'ma' bring it BACK cause I'ma go hard Fuckin' til' a nigga play the yard WE GON' WALK THESE DOGS Gettin' down has never been an issue I'ma bust my gun and not gon' miss you Hate the smell of the slug burnin' the tissue WE GON' WALK THESE DOGS [Chorus 2X][DMX] Nigga bust up all the thugs It's about to get real out of hand dog Better get your man dog Hit 'em and leave him where niggaz can't stand dog It's you man dog! [Kashmir] You better come in and get him now Better grab his arm and sit him down Nigga leave him in his house, I'm a put him down [DMX] WE GON' WALK THESE DOGS! [Kashmir] We don't give a fuck about you You talk real slick Homie, But we doubt you Got slugs that a put a nigga right back out you Cause [DMX] WE GON' WALK THESE DOGS! [Kashmir] I'm right here now nigga what up Always talkin' about how you could of, would of But never doin' shit, cause you sweeter then sugar [DMX] WE GON' WALK THESE DOGS! [Kashmir] Go on now, I'm not the one Kashmir 7:30 about to pop the gun Have your mom's on the news sreamin' “Not My Son” [DMX] WE GON' WALK THESE DOGS! (Chorus) [DMX] Don't fuck wit' things you don't know about I'll have a Smith & Wesson TO show him out Take him to the desert and blow him out Cause! WE GON' WALK THESE DOGS! Right to the streets, with the heat Until I find something to eat, so don't sleep Fuck around, thinkin' it's sweet, til' a nigga creep cause WE GON' WALK THESE DOGS! Don't cry now, it's too late I'ma empty ya' stomach of that shit you ate One time in the park, make a nigga lose weight, because WE GON' WALK THESE DOGS! Bigga, Betta, stronga, fasta Fuck a bitch longa if I have at to And then I will cap her directly after (Chorus 2X) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DMX f/ Janyce, Jinx Album: Year of the Dog... Again Song: Blown Away Typed by: bro0klyn@hotmail.com * * send corrections to the typist [singing] (DMX) Like the wind (like the wind) God will take (god will take) All my sins (all of my sins) Blown away (will be blown away) Like the wind (yes) Like the wind blow [DMX] Yea, uh From 80 school street to way across town Cats knew how I got down cause word got around I was that robbery kid with no gun and no mask Catch a nigga out the door slippin' that's yo ass Didn't laugh much cause I didn't have much Life was like a stick half gas half clutch Meaning half good and half bad What was good if I caught a good vic if I didn't I was bad Took it out on my regulars I come through and if niggaz was broke I took watches and sneakers Went to jail a few times but that didn't stop me All it taught me was how not to be sloppy An older cat robbed me when I was like 10 If anybody wanted to help they should've did it then But they didn't and all it did was release the beast So I'm a feast on whatever I come across in the streets [Chorus- Janyce] (DMX) Like the wind (like the wind) God will take (god will take) All my sins (all of my sins) Blown away (will be blown away) Like the wind (like the wind) Like the wind (like the wind) blooooooooooooooown [DMX] I had a "S" on my chest fuck the vest Did robberies with some cats and robbed the rest Other time I came thought with just me and my dog And clear out the whole fuck block cause we when hard I bag some niggaz I knew and some niggaz I didn't I ain't a fuck either way it was no bullshiting I'm a cruddy niggaz out to get money And a couple of slugs is the only thing anybody took from me Run up on a cat smooth like put it in his left ear Give up the money the jewelry or get left here Keep thinking it's a game and play let's get popped See how much fun you having when your heart be stopped Shut 'em down open up shop oh-oh no-oh blow off a nigga top Somebody call the cops but it's to late Cause I'm a hit you in the face and what will kill you will be something that you ate [Chorus- Janyce] (DMX) Like the wind (like the wind) God will take (god will take) All my sins (all of my sins) Blown away (will be blown away) Like the wind (like the wind) Like the wind (like the wind) Blooooooooooooooown [Jinx] If pain is love why hide my pain with drugs Choke off haze and sell attics coke for days Same clothes and no soup to shave And I still got a gun on my hip for your open grave We used to get robbery vics until my man got killed for his whip on some robbery shit Then I switched to the weed and start selling crack But I will pull a steel and put a shell up in ya back I feel like all my life I was held up in a trap like if I go to heaven maybe hell will want me back But all I really want is sperwells up an a lap And a model bitch sitting with a head in my lap But since no doe don't spin and my pant hole got hole within I got to fold ya men It's obvious I live in a house of sin I wish I could open up the door and let 'em blow at the wind [Janyce] Like the wind God will take All my sins Blown away Like the wind Like the wind blooooooooooooooown The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DMX Album: Year of the Dog... Again Song: Goodbye Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com [Intro: DMX] Let us pray for those that we've lost We know that we miss them for selfish reasons Oh Lord my God, indeed you I put my trust Save me, from all them that persocute me And deliver me, in Jesus name, GRRRRR [Chorus: DMX - singing] Cause we all go anyway, I'ma say goodbye today Cause it could be any day, I'ma say goodbye today We've grown in so many ways, but I'ma say goodbye today Cause it could be any day, I'ma say goodbye today-ayayyyy [Verse One] I'ma say goodbye today, cause I don't know when we gon' cross paths again, until then I'ma be that, and see that, speaks the truth Believe that, I'ma see that, to reach the youth My sufferin will not be in vain (NOT) Neither will yo' pain ever since you passed to hear yo' name Rest in peace to Autumn - we all know cancer cells kill, but if they caught 'em, they could afford 'em If you'd still be here, right here with us We'd have plenty time before death came to get us BUT, what is death like? Should I really care? After lookin at it, was life really fair? Did you burn any bridges? Did you make amends? Did you ask God for forgiveness for your sins? What is Heaven like? If you could come back, should you? If you could communicate for a moment there, would you? ... Just questions that we ask ourselves, every day (wanna know) [Verse Two] So young, so gifted Direction of life was uplifted, when the wind shifted And took a turn for the worse, with the blessing come the curse A nigga stressin took the dog into the hearse My nigga Divine was way too young to die Fell out the nest and was way too young to fly But that didn't stop fate from happenin Idle time make the Devil HATE WHAT'S HAPPENING! God no! Why did it go that way? Comin from his fans away, why did he go that day? Lightly, I dare say, life goes on Donuts, Trey and Jerz I say, please be strong He was supposed to be on the road with me I wish somebody WOULDA came to get me and niggaz woulda had to hit ME But until then, MY FRIEND I'ma say goodbye today, cause you never know when [Chorus] w/ minor variation [Outro: DMX] Goodbye today, I'ma say goodbye today Goin away hey (uhh) goodbye today, I'ma say goodbye today (It's okay) And I say (let us pray) Goodbye today (and I say) say goodbye today Go on your way (and I say when you're, gone) I'ma say goodbye today I'ma say goodbye today (gotta say before you move on) HEY! Yes (yeah!) I mean, this is life (yeah, say goodbye) We are born, to die, so LET ME FLY! (know what I mean) Let me fly, we are born, to die (be good) {"Sometimes the pain is too much to bear" - repeat to end of Outro} Cause I'm in a better place ('til we meet again) I'm in a better place (I don't know what form) See you soon baby! (we'll meet again) Ha ha! .. (But we will meet again) ... Spread your wings (they gon' shed a tear on this one!) Fly, I'll try not to cry, it'll be hard I just, miss, not havin you here Even though I know you're in a better place! I just miss not havin you here Kinda selfish when you think about it That's nature, that's life Spirit, never dies, as lessons begin The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DMX Album: Year of the Dog... Again Song: Life be My Song Typed by: big.shayne@gmail.com * * send corrections to the typist [DMX] ask me if I cry I'll tell you why I can come on! I'm gonna go hard whether I'm right or wrong till the dead and gone it's on! what ya'll really want?! bring it on I'ma let life be my song [Repeat Chorus] [DMX] How I live is simple walk through the streets talk to the beats New York! I'ma eat I never had a problem with surviving no problem with getting down, busting my guns, or ruff rydin' cats talk slick but I talk slicker my shits for real cause I'm that nigga the reason that you hurtin' is you gotta take your problems straight to the lord, no body else can solve them(?) see what I see but look through my eyes the devil is a liar the truth never lies we all got issues shit that we go thru shit that we been thru shit that we wont do the pain that we bring upon ourself for no reason, is the worst! that's why I say I'm blessed with the curse the Lord gave it all to me and in the process, I lost my soul damn! the devil got a hold in my mind, I'm like a little boy lost in crime like the healthy nigga that the devil forced into dying the lord knows I'm trying but at the same time you hear the nigga with the weight of the world! why you gave it to Earl? [CHORUS] to live is to suffer and i'm living it up face everyday chin up I ain't giving it up cause if I aint giving a fuck the who will?! so I hope for the best knowing that its all uphill sometimes I wonder what's lifes about sometimes I wonder why I take the wrong route then turn around and go out and no doubt, the fate in mine is blind so whatever, fuck it, I'ma roll out we all go through the motions we get different notions we each have our own ocean that we can either drown or float like the vessels that we are vessels that would carry many far dont know what to say, when you talking dont know who you gone see, when you walking if you dont know how much of what you do is dirt 3 things you dont know gonna get you hurt! Nigga! [CHORUS x4] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DMX Album: Year of the Dog... Again Song: The Prayer VI Typed by: bro0klyn@hotmail.com [DMX] In the name of Jesus Let us pray Father please walk with us through the bad times as well as the good May we be heard and understood from the suburbs to the hood May you judge us by our hearts and not by our mistakes And see that we get a breakthrough however long that it takes May you fill that void in our souls that will lay our fears to rest Cause there is no way we can live for Jesus when we're liven in the flesh So I pray that you allow our sprits to be born Grow strong, move on, know right from wrong First John, chapter two, verse 15 do not love the world or anything in the world and we know what that means, but listen We know the distance we need to be away from fire to keep it missin That doesn't mean we'll listen Lord you take care of fools and babies You teach women to honor their men and men respect their ladies But lately so many of us have gone a stray Doing wrong for so long that we've forgotten the way Please bring us back home, instill in us the word which is our backbone We're just children that act grown There is so much that we're entitled to yet we receive so little Cause in this time of spiritual warfare we're comfortable in the middle So I pray that you open our eyes Give us the annointing to recognize the devil and his lies If we keep our actions wise and our prays sincere Our heads to the sky you will demonist our fears In Jesus' mighty name we have prayed Amen and amen The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DMX Album: Year of the Dog... Again Song: Lord Give Me a Sign Typed by: mcgreezy87@aol.com [Intro: DMX] Yeah! Uh! In the name of Jesus (spread the word!) "No weapon formed against me shall prosper" (PREACH!) "And every turn that rise against my judgment, thou shall condemn" (PREACH!) (LORD GIVE ME A SIGN!) For this is the heritage of the servants of the Lord (PREACH!) "And their righteousness is of me," said the Lord (PREACH!) Amen... uh! Lord give me a sign! [DMX] I really need talk to you Lord Since the last time we talked, the walk has been hard Now I know you haven't left me, but I feel like I'm alone I'ma big boy now, but I'm still not grown And I'm still goin through it (WHAT!), pain and the hurt (YEAH!) Soakin up trouble like rain in the dirt (YEAH!) And I know! If only I can stop the rain With just the mention of my savior's name.. in the name of Jesus! Devil I rebuke you, for what I go through Been tryna make me do, what I used to (WHAT!) But all that stops right here (YEAH!) As long as the Lord's in my life, I will have no fear I will know no pain from the light to the dark (COME ON!) I will no show no shame, spit it right from the heart (COME ON!) 'Cause it's right from the start, you held me down And ain't.. nothin they can tell me now! LORD GIVE ME A SIGN! [Chorus] {*singing*} Let me know what's on yo' mind Let me know what I'm gon' find It's all in time, show me how to teach the mind Show me how to reach the blind (LORD GIVE ME A SIGN!) Show me what I gotsta do, to bring me closer to you As I'ma go through, whatever you want me to Just let me know what to do (LORD GIVE ME A SIGN!) [DMX] Please, show me some'n (some'n) I'm tired talkin to him, knowin he frontin (frontin) Cryin 'bout, "Life ain't nothin" (nothin) But you either, be the one mad 'cause you trapped or the one huntin (COME ON!) Trapped in yo' own mind, waitin on the Lord (YEAH!) Or huntin with the word that cuts like a sword The spoken word is stronger than, the strongest man Carries the whole world like the strongest hand Through the trials and tribulations, you never let us down JESUS! I know you're here with us now JESUS! I know you're still with us now Keep it real with us now, I wanna feel, show me how PLEASE! Let me take yo' hand, guide me! (WHAT!) I'll walk slow but stay right beside me! (PLEASE!) Devil's tryna find me! (PLEASE!) Hide me! Hold up, I take that back Protect me and give me the strength to fight back! (LORD GIVE ME A SIGN!) [DMX] {*singing*} w/ choir in background Life or death, live or die (UH!) I will never live a lie (UH!) I'm gon' get because I try (WHAT!) I won't quit until I die (WHAT!) I'm gon' make it, wrong or right (YEAH!) And make it through the darkest time (YEAH!) And when the morning comes, you'll see that all I have is God in me! (LORD GIVE ME A SIGN!) [Chorus] w/ choir in background The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DMX Album: ...And Then There Was X Song: Prayer III Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [DMX] Let us pray Lord Jesus it is you, who wakes me up every day And I am forever grateful for your love.. .. this is why I pray You let me touch so many people, and it's all for the good I influenced so many children, I never thought that I would And I couldn't take credit for the love they get because it all comes from you Lord; I'm just the one that's givin it And when it seems like the pressure gets to be too much I take time out and pray, and ask that you be my crutch Lord I am not perfect by a longshot -- I confess to you daily But I work harder everyday, and I hope that you hear me In my heart I mean well, but if you'll help me to grow then what I have in my heart, will begin to show And when I get goin, I'm not lookin back for NOTHIN Cause I will know where I'm headed, cause I'm so tired of the sufferin I stand before you, a weakened version of, your reflection Beggin for direction, for my soul needs resurrection I don't deserve what you've given me, but you never took it from me because I am grateful, and I use it, and I do not, worship money If what you want from me is to bring your children to you my regret is only having one life to do it, instead of two Amen The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DMX Album: It's Dark and Hell is Hot Song: Ruff Ryder's Anthem Typed by: kid2001@earthlink.net DMX: Somethin' new  Chorus(2x):  Stop, drop, shut 'em down open up shop  Oh, no  That's how Ruff Ryders roll  DMX:  Niggaz wanna try, niggaz wanna lie  Then niggaz wonder why, niggaz wanna die  All I know is pain  All I feel is rain  How can I maintain, with madd shit on my brain  I resort to violence, my niggaz move in silence  Like you don't know what are style is  New York niggaz the wildest  My niggaz is wit' it  You want it? come and get it  Took it then we split it  You fuckin' right we did it  What the fuck you gonna do, when we run up on you  fuckin' wit' the wrong crew, don't know what we goin' thru  I'ma have ta show niggaz how easily we blow niggaz  When you find out there's somemore niggas, that's runnin with your niggaz  Nothin' we can't handle, break it up and dismantle, light it up like a candle  just cause I can't stand you  Put my shit on tapes, like you bussin' grapes  Think you holdin weight? Then you haven't met the Apes  Chorus(2x)  Is ya'll niggaz crazy? I'll buss you and be swazy Stop actin' like a baby, mind your business lady  Nosy people get it too, when you see me spit at you  you know I'm tryin' ta get rid of you  Ya I know it's pitiful  That's how niggaz get down  Watch why niggaz spit round  Make ya'll niggaz kiss ground, just for talkin' shit clown  Oh you think it's funny then you don't know me money  It's about to get ugly, fuck it dog I'm hungry  I guess you know what that mean, come up off that green  Five niggaz or a fiend, don't make it a murder scene  Give a dog a bone, leave a dog alone let a dog roam and he'll find his way home Home of the brave, my home is a cage  and yo I'ma slave til' my home is a grave  I'ma pull paper, it's all about the papers  Bitches talkin' paper then how they wanna rape us  Chorus(2x)  Look what you dun started, Asked for it, you got it  had it, should have shot it  Now your dearly departed  Get at me dog, did I rip shit with this one here I flip shit  Niggaz know when I kick shit  It's gonna be some slick shit  What was that look for, when I walked in the door  Oh you thought you was raw, boom not anymore  Cause now you on the floor, wishin you never saw me walk  through that door, with that 4 4  Now it's time for bed  Two more to the head, got the floor red  Yea that nigga's dead  Another unsolved mystery, It's goin' down in history  Niggaz ain't never did shit to me  Bitch ass niggaz can't get to me  Gots to make the move, got a point to prove  Got a make'em grove, got'em all like ooh  So to the next time, you hear this nigga ryhme  Try to keep your mind, on gettin pussy and crime  Chorus(1x) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DMX f/ Sheek Album: It's Dark and Hell is Hot Song: Get At Me Dog Typed by: doan@netcom.ca [DMX, (Sheek)] (Yea I'm right here dog) Where my dogs at (We right here dog) Where my dogs at (I'm right here dog) [DMX] What must I go through to show you shit is real And I ain't really never gave a fuck how niggaz feel Rob then I steal, not cause I want to cause I have to And don't make me show you with the Magnum If you don't know by now then you slippin I'm on some bullshit thats got me jackin, niggaz flippin I got my man and them stay pretty like I'ma stay shitty Crimey it's all for the money is you wit me Hit the bitches, went out I could make the crime And when it's on we transform like Optimus Prime I'll form the head, roll out let's make it happen If we ain't gonna get it wit them we'll take the cap down Bust it off, gust it off on the softest niggaz Money with the biggest mouth, yo let's rob this nigga A novice nigga never made a sound Breath too fuckin hard like you gettin bust down [Hook 2X: Sheek] + (DMX) Yo, yo y'all niggaz wanna be killers (get at me dog) Y'all niggaz wanna feel us (get at me dog) Y'all niggaz want the real (Get at me dog) (Rrrrrr arf arf, what the deal) [DMX] Nowadays, Don't get to good for certain niggaz, I'm hurtin niggaz What you doin robbin niggaz, jerkin niggaz, stickin niggaz Cause they deserve it; with money got murdered They know we died slow if they heard it The nigga there blew up the spot a while and the mother fucker ain't got shot in a while And the stacks will light up, will fuck the night up blow everything in sight up fuck around and I'll have your ass right up What makes you think, you wasn't able to stand I got shit that'll disable a man with the wave of a hand The days are longer and seems like I'm wastin time I've got a lot of dreams but I'm not really chasin mine I suck it all up like a sicka fly Cause nowadays gettin' by, nothing more than an occasional meal and gettin high, I live to die, That's where I'm headed Let your man hold somethin, now it's all about you can get it [Hook] [DMX] Well in the back wit ya faggot ass face down Lucky that you breathin but you dead from the waste down The fuck is on your mind? Talkin that shit that you be talkin And I bet you wish you never got hit cause you be walkin But shit happens and fuck it, you would of did ya dirt niggaz is wonderin how the fuck you hid your skirt Right under they eyes like a surprise to the guys just one of their mans was a bitch in disguise fuckin with cats in order heads and slaughter more kids Let me hollar at you all that wanna borrow the raw shit (ah-oh!) Knahmean? I'm just robbin to eat And there's at least a thousand of us like me mobbin the street When we starve and we eat whatever's there Come on you know the code in the street, whatever's fair Blood stains and chalk, cause yo man couldn't walk After the talk, heard him out at 1133 of New York Transformin-ass niggaz'll get it quick And yo for real that nigga K {Solo} can suck my dick And it's gon' take all these niggaz in the rap game to barely move me Cause when I blow shit up I have niggaz fallin like white bitches in a scary movie AHHH! You know I don't know how to act Get too close to niggaz it's like: "Protected by Viper, stand back" What's that, a bunch of niggaz you was killers, demented Fuck you want me to do with this coward? Finish him, just end it (*EXPLOSION*) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DMX Album: It's Dark and Hell is Hot Song: Stop Being Greedy Typed by: kid2001@earthlink.net [DMX] uh-huh, uh-huh (x4) [Hook] Y'all been eatin long enough now stop bein greedy Just keep it real partner give to the needy Grips is touchy, so don't make me wait fuck around and I'm'a bite you and snatch the plate [DMX] I could flip that flow, I could stick that hoe I could get that dough, you know I'm with that yo And the thing about the shit I came through, I haven't seen But when it gets dark, it's like a nigga's havin dreams All nightmares, the light dares to desert me  Got me like everybody wants to hurt me Paranoid, so I strike out at what ever  The closest thing to me is gonna get it but, never Will I, can I think death is wrong So I'ma keep holdin on til, what's left is gone You could put that on my nigga Boone These other rap cats will give a nigga room But if it ccalls for me to force my way in the door Headhuntin mother fuckers, stay on the floor 4-4, that's what I get sick wit rrrrrrr Four more, now all this is liquid rrrrrr [Hook x2] [DMX] I thank the lord everyday that I'm blessed with a gift I'm The best, so, unless you wanna rest with the stiff Don't touch that, uh-uh, leave it alone When you walk pass the dog house leave it a bone Dogs bite, dogs fight, dogs knife Scratch, shake, and hold all night So when you hear the arf arf, start runnin Cause when you hear the arf arf, I'm comin But I don’t like drama so I say to myself, "Keep focus with this rap shit and pray for the wealth I want the money and give me the honeys with big asses The most expensive champagne you got in big glasses" I'm broke so I'ma bash his head wide open Beggin me to stop but at least he died hopin Didn't get his wish, and now he's a dish with a cat  Two glowin red eyes, everything else is black [Hook x2] [DMX] When the sun is up the gun is up on the shelf And all the runners up are thankin me for their help Hopin that they not around when it gets dark outside Sun's goin down you hear the bark outside Locks off the cage, gauge, With the buck shots, faggot You've been lucky all day thats when your luck stops One drops, and another and another Gun pops, go into you and your mother When does it all end, I found a friend in a dog Cause fuckin wit these cats will send a friend to the morgue Many questions, no answers, just stress Try to hold my head and remember that I'm blessed If you curse and it gets worse as time goes by  Can't see straight cause I'm so high, Why ask why when you know Nigga when its your time to go, You go [Hook x4] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DMX f/ Faith Evans Album: It's Dark and Hell is Hot Song: How's It Going Down Typed by: cardkid@thepentagon.com Phone rings Guy: Whose dick you sucking? Girl: Don't call me with that bullshit, alright Guy: You lying, you lying to me, Di Girl: Yeah exactly Guy: Whose dick you sucking? C'mon Di, I just heard some shit about   you, some foul shit. The fuck is the deal? Girl: Suck my fucking dick you bitchass nigga! I don't Guy: No you explain it to me bitch. You know what I'm talking about. Girl: I don't know nobody up here! I don't fuck with nobody up here and   I ain't been fucking with nobody up here! I don't know nobody in   fucking Yonkers! Guy: Lying ass bitch. You ain't shit. Do I got to hollar his name too? Girl: Who the fuck is he!? Guy: Bitch you fuckin up! hangs up Chorus: "All I want is you, all I want" (Background) What type of games is being played, how's it going down? If it's on till it's gone, then I gots to know now Is you wit me or what, they gon try to give me a nutt Just honeys wanna give me the butt, wha.. I'm politicking with this trick and wondering if I'ma creep her Little hoodrat bitch from 25th named Tenika Coming through, like I do, you know Getting my bark on Knew she was a thug because when I met her she had a scarf on 5411, size 7 in girls Babyface, would look like she was 11 with curls Girlfriend, remember me, (what?), from way back, I'm the same cat With the wave cap- the motherfucker that tnt used to blaze at Still here so it's all good Oh you know my niggas Rich and them doing they thing on 35th Ave It's a small hood, and it's all wood, so let me get that number Hook it up, aight Hit you on da track later on, say wassup Talking to shorty made me wanna do something nice Looking at that ass made me wanna do something tonight And I know right when I see right, shorty looking like she tight She bite, better give a nigga the green light, we might.. Chorus - 2x I'm getting at shorty like what you need, what you want Offer nothing, cuz I got you, must you front? I see you with your baby father but it don't matter You gave me the pussy, that ass is getting fatter Let that nigga play daddy, make moves with me I'da kept it more than real boo, can't lose with me Heard he smacked you 'cuz you said my name while y'all was sexin' Ran up on this cat, thought was me, and started flexin' You know I ain't even with that So he gon' have to get that just on tv Try to creep me, what? Leave that nigga sleepy On the strength of you, that's your kid's daddy I ain't gon' send him on his way, put him up in that big caddy But let him know Never mind yo, I need you to go Take this snow up to 150, see Joe Get that, come back with that We can split that, sit back Fuck, puff a L, forget that You wit dat? Chorus - 2x Aiyyo this chicken got me digging her moves, 'cuz she smooth Wanna lose, whoever she choose, it's the dues Respect is not expected but it's given 'cuz it's real Being neglected and all, expect it, the deal Lie, cheat, and steal for me Putting something in a nigga's wig if you squeal for me Kill for me, you still with me 'Cuz we get down like what Told you from the start, it ain't all about a nutt I'm gon' be fair, try to be there We gon' see then, hit me with the question boo That answer gon' be yeah See there, something can go wrong, it does Love'd it, Let it go but it came back, that's how strong it was But you belonged to Cuz, couldn't belong to me You had two kids by this nigga, it was wrong for me But we gon' always be, best of friends haha Mad love, Boo, to the end haha Chorus to Fade The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DMX f/ Sisqo (Dru Hill) Album: ...And Then There Was X Song: What These Bitches Want Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [DMX]	Uhh.. [Sisqo]	DMX, Sisqo [DMX]	Yo.. what these bitches want from a nigga? [Sisqo]	Dru Hill, yaknahmsayin? [DMX]	What these bitches want from a nigga? [Sisqo]	HmmmMMMMMM (Ruff Ryders) DMX break em off  [DMX]	What these bitches want from a nigga? [Sisqo]	Break em off, some.. [DMX] Aiyyo!! Dog, I meet bitches, discrete bitches Street bitches, slash, Cocoa Puff sweet bitches (WHAT?) Make you wanna eat bitches, but not me Y'all niggaz eat off the plate all you want but not D (UHH) I fuck with these hoes from a distance The instant they start to catch feelings I start to stealin they shit then I'm out just like a thief in the night I sink my teeth in to bite You thinkin life, I'm thinkin more like - whassup tonight? Come on ma, you know I got a wife and even though that pussy tight I'm not gon' jeapordize my life (aight?) So what is it you want from a nigga? (WHAT?) I gave you, you gave me - BITCH, I blazed you, you blazed me (c'mon) Nothin more, nothin less, but you at my door willin to confess that it's the best you ever tested Better than all the rest, I'm like, "Aight girlfriend, hold up I gave you, what you gave me Boo, a nut (f'real)" Chorus: Sisqo What these bitches want from a nigga? 	What you want.. (what you want) What these bitches want from a nigga? 	Really want.. What these bitches want from a nigga? 	I've been keepin you up on it 	Bling bling'n, on that jewelry girl I bought it What these bitches want from a nigga? 	Aiyyo, tell me what you want from me 	Baby tell me what you want from me! 	(So what you want?) [DMX] There was Brenda, LaTisha, Linda, Felicia (okay) Dawn, LeShaun, Ines, and Alicia (ooh) Teresa, Monica, Sharron, Nicki (uh-huh) Lisa, Veronica, Karen, Vicky (damn) Cookies, well I met her in a ice cream parlor (aight?) Tonya, Diane, Lori and Carla (okay) Marina (uhh) Selena (uhh) Katrina (uhh) Sabrina (uhh) About three Kim's (WHAT?) LaToya, and Tina (WHOO!) Shelley, Bridget, Cavi, Rasheeda (uh-huh) Kelly, Nicole, Angel, Juanita (damn!) Stacy, Tracie, Rohna, and Ronda (WHAT?) Donna, Ulanda (WHAT?) Tawana, and Wanda (WHAT?) were all treated fairly but yet and still bitches is on some other shit now that I'm fuckin wit Dru Hill But I'ma keep it real (WHAT?) What the fuck you want from a nigga? (c'mon) What the fuck you want from a nigga? (c'mon) Chorus (w/ minor variations) [DMX] Aiyyo, I think about when a nigga didn't have (YEAH) and a nigga told a joke, and the bitches didn't laugh See now I do the math, I see if you got this  and this and this to some cats, that nigga's the shit (aight?) And that's all they fuckin with, but see these bitches don't know If these bitches ain't for real, these bitches don't go Knock on door, no show, I'm sleep tryin to creep wit yo' best friend, put it in, dig deep [Sisqo - singing over dub chorus] X let me talk to em for a minute Oooohhh I know I know it's so hard to be a victim of my reality Heard you callin me names, said I was trife One thing you gotta know, I'ma be a nigga for life Ooooooooooh yeahhhhhhhhh yeahhhh Oahahohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh Chorus 2X (w/ Sisqo ad-libs) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DMX f/ Jay-Z, The L.O.X. Album: Flesh of My Flesh, Blood of My Blood Song: Blackout Typed by: LoccDout@aol.com, OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash (Jay!) Fuck that  (This is it right here baby!) You know what it is [Jadakiss] Yo, I used to have bad luck  Now you might see me in a Jag truck Mad stuck, either with a dime or a bad duck Double-R T with the matchin bandana 38-snub blue steel with no hammer And I see y'all niggaz tryin to glance at the 'Kiss Cause I walk around with your whole advance on my wrist Phonin your women, drunk off Corona's and lemon And you know I'm still writin the mean, lightin the green I need to boogie, even though I look, right in the beam Judge find out it's my team, he boost they bails Niggaz throw us on they album, try to boost they sales We put our pies on the table and our eyes on a label Cause them rednecks up in the mountains'll try to slay you (They call me) Raspy, tell you what I want you to know Fuck what you ask me - you probably don't, want me to blow I got a lot of horsepower so I'm able to skip Usually a good nigga, even though I'm able to flip You pay 30 for the 'Kiss (uh-huh) a 100 for The L.O.X. (yeah) And if we cool, then I write a hook for a drop Whatever's in the bank is my bet, a z-bull's my pet and you can bet he'll get the legs and the neck [Sheik Luciano] Uh-huh, yeah, aiyyo Yo when my gun bust, send niggaz to the fish like Swanson New York's youngest Bumpy Johnson, I put fear in y'all heads Sheik Luc', type of nigga gasoline y'all beds And that's warnin, if you all alive in the mornin, that's fine Now I suggest you hit the block and get what's rightfully mine I want PC - see me? Tuck in your chains I got niggaz my pop's age that lifestyle ain't changed It's like wake up, move a brick, half of it slow Make car money, check with Sheik, go fuck with a hoe I rock a waist length mink, do-rag under my fitted And I don't even want waves, Timbs be halfway new That's Sheik in the dress-up club cause I don't fuck with shoes And for my nigga's life, I swear to the Bible, let it be told I put thirty in your head, all in the same hole Cause we got the same goal, and you try an' tamper with mine? Don't make me motherfuckin leave you with some shit in yo' spine Fuck with me you be a WAS nigga, nigga WAS dope Nigga WAS gettin money 'fore I extorted your coke, 'ju crazy? [Styles] Aiyyo, catch me with a thirty-eight, box and shells In a ninety-eight Lincoln eatin pasta shells Order to go, always got a box of L's Blow, stay on the low, get a Heine' and swig I'm Pinero, so I hate a snake, rat, or a pig I pop shit cause I'm the second best, the first was B.I.G. Y'all niggaz is son-ned out, let me speak to your father Cause I like to play chess and I swing the revolver If I don't like a nigga, I don't even be bothered I spit, I'm just a crooked nigga goin legit You hold your nine if you holdin a brick Common sense, Fed drama, you hit the Bahamas, get bent L.O.X. get respect like Sonny from "Bronx Tale" Us and DMX, the Ruff Ryder cartel Thirsty to live, are y'all niggaz eager to die? I tell all my niggaz ride, you won't leave with a dime Motherfucker [Jay-Z] Yeah, yeah I'm a monster, I sleep whole winters; wake up and spit summers Ghetto nigga, puttin up Will Smith numbers Surrounded by 6's and Hummers, bitches among us  Tryin not to let this bullshit become us  It started from hunger, til it all went insane Now bitches notice the chains now that I hit my number The chickens I twisted see the digits unlisted The beeper done changed; you dead bitch, the Reaper done came I suggest niggaz stop speakin my name Cause trust me, y'all can still feel the heat in the rain I keep creepin, streets keep watchin, I keep poppin  Niggaz is hot heads and the bullets is heat-seekin Jay flow for pesos -- chase hoes NOT I just circle 'round the block in a drop Tell them jump through the top (uh-huh)  where the sun roof used to be I could see y'all not used to me Nigga flows like none other - I'm the meanest toughest Don Dada, the gun butcher You the type that bust a lot of shots and none touch ya I'm the type that get excited, when the gun touch ya Motherfuckers.. Y'all niggaz bout to witness a dynasty like no other [DMX] Grrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr.. I'm headed nowhere fast Run in the place, gat in my waist Niggaz wanted a taste, but wouldn't come to my face So what that mean? You cats is playin games again So now what I do? Start namin names again (WHAT!) All you motherfuckers know, that I speak from the heart (UH!) Play like you don't know, L.O.X. is gon' bark We can take it there, but to make it fair, get some more niggaz Styles, Sheik, Jay, we comin with like four niggaz (AIGHT!) Y'all niggaz, best to stop playin, it'll be the ones you forgotten about that'll get you shot in your mouth (ARF! ARF!) Got my dogs covered (UH!) Plus it's all gravy like chicken when it's smothered (WHAT!) "It's Dark," and I LOVE IT! (UH!) Get him boy - let him loose (C'MON!) You want it with the dog? Get a gun, let him shoot (C'MON!) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DMX Album: ...And Then There Was X Song: What's My Name Typed by: mamasuga@hmc.edu, ghettofabulous98@hotmail.com This is the fuckin shit I be talkin about Half rappin' ass mothafuckers You think it's a game? You think it's a fuckin GAME? Come on, uh, uh, uh Come on, uh, uh… What'cha really want What'cha really want, what D-M-X, uh, uh… Come on, Ryde or die Ay yo, ay yo, ay yo What's my name? DMX and I be the best You see the rest they lookin like they need a rest One more time, I'mma spit at you some shit That's gon get at you be fuckin with your mind, stop talkin shit Cuz you out there runnin' your mouth And really don't know who you fuckin with Here we go again How many times do I have to tell you rap niggas? I have no friends you still actin up Runnin around here like some brand new pussy that's about to get fucked The game don't stop, I'm still gettin down for whatever Whenever that's why my shit is hot, can't keep it real Now, some of us do but most of us don't that's just how a nigga feel I shed blood, for my people that'll keep you lookin see-through Whenever you try to creep through [CHORUS] x2 D-M-X If you want it we got it Come and get it nigga we wit it All you gotta do is set it baby Ryde or die What'cha niggas want, uh, uh What'cha niggas want You still playin games You gon think it's a joke until they no longer remember your name That's how we do ‘em Make cowards disappear into thin air by puttin shit through em Never comin' back Last time you saw that nigga is the last time you'll see that nigga  (alright) No more deaths Cuz in a minute you gonna have grandma bein the only family member left Bust my gun If I gots to kill a nigga but I'm always down for the one on one Dog for life We gon get to the bottom of this shit if it takes all night Stop drop Open up shop (what?) Fake up-north niggas screamin' for the cops Ryde or die What that mean is that a tell a nigga bye-bye and pop him in his right eye [CHORUS] x2 Look at all these off brand niggas Runnin' around yappin' about they be holdin figgas as big as Jigga's That's that bullshit Hope they know that around me talkin' about what you got will get you hit I'm not a nice person I mean I'd smack the shit out you twice dog and that's before I start  cursin' I stay flippin' One minute I'm cool, the next minute I'm up on a nigga, rippin' That's my style I'm a cruddy nigga leave you all bloody nigga service with a smile Suck my dick And while you niggas that's been to jail before know it's about to get thick Let's get it on baby I'm gonna be goin' against 4 niggas in one and you think you crazy? I've lost my mind And I'm about to make you lose yours too from far away one time [CHORUS] x4 D-M-X! [CHORUS] D-M-X! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DMX Album: Grand Champ Song: Where the Hood At Typed by: ruffryda088@hotmail.com * * send corrections to the typist [DMX talking] Aiyyo, ya niggaz must be outcha fuckin mind Thinkin dog can't pull another motherfuckin rabbit out the hat Nigga I ain't gotta check out my motherfuckin sleeves you bitch ass niggaz Fuck is y'all niggaz... Y'all niggaz just thinkin I'm sittin around doin nothin? Oh my God, y'all niggaz can't be serious [Chorus: DMX - repeat 2X] Where the hood, where the hood, where the hood at? Have that nigga in the cut, where the wood at? Oh, them niggaz actin up?!? Where the wolves at? You better BUST THAT if you gon pull that [DMX] Man, cats don't know what it's gonna be Fuckin with a nigga like me, D-to-the-M-to-the-X Last I heard, y'all niggaz was havin sex, with the SAME sex I show no love, to homo thugs Empty out, reloaded and throw more slugs How you gonna explain fuckin a man? Even if we squashed the beef, I ain't touchin ya hand I don't buck with chumps, for those to been to jail That's the cat with the Kool-Aid on his lips and pumps I don't fuck with niggaz that think they broads Only know how to be ONE WAY, that's the dog I know how to get down, know how to BITE Bark very little, but I know HOW TO FIGHT I know how to chase a cat up in the tree MAN, I GIVE Y'ALL NIGGAZ THE B'INESS FOR FUCKIN WIT ME, IS YOU CRAZY?!? [DMX] Once a song, I come though, guns is drawn BLAM BLAM, lungs are gone, sons will mourn From dusk till dawn, nighttime belongs to the dog On the street passed midnight, look for 'em in the morgue Don't play with these cats cuz I ain't got nothin to say to these cats For the mothers that really do love em, please pray for these cats Cuz I know niggaz is hardheaded but I ain't got the patience Don't want me havin no patience turn into more patience More trips to ICU cuz I see you Tryna get away with shit a real nigga wouldn't do Where my dogs at? (RIGHT HERE) See them niggaz? (RIGHT WHERE?!?) GET EM BOY! (RIGHT THERE) That's how we do... (AIIGHT THEN) This is for my dogs, this is for my dogs YO, WHERE WE AT BABY?!? (CREEPIN THROUGH THE FOG) From then till now, don't ask me how Know that we gon roll like them niggaz and hit every block on the job [DMX] I get tapes doin times, stop niggaz like grapes makin wine Five CD's with mad rhymes Don't hit me with that positive shit, I know you lyin You really wanna stop niggaz from dyin? Stop niggaz from tryin I cuz I ain't really got that time to waste and I thought I told you to get these fuckin bums out my face Lookin atchu in your grill, I might be nice to cut Once I split ya ass in two, you'll be twice as butt Yeah, you right, I know ya style - PUSSY cuz I'm fuckin it Since we all right here, you hold my dick while he suckin it MOTHERFUCKER, don't you know you'll never come near me Shove ya head up ya ass, have you seein shit clearly Never heard that D be runnin, cuz D be gunnin I beat my dick and bust off in ya eye so you can see me comin/cumin Empty clips and shells are what I leave behind and if they get me with the joint, they hit me with a three-to-nine [DMX talking] WHERE THE FUCKIN HOOD AT?!? (It's all good, the dog is the hood) NO ONES' FUCKIN WITH ME NIGGA, FO REAL (It's all good, the dog is the hood) I AM THE HOOD, I AM THE STREETS (It's all good, the dog is the hood) YOU BITCH ASS NIGGA (It's all good, the dog is the hood) TAKE IT HOW YOU WANT, MOTHERFUCKER (It's all good, the dog is the hood) I'M IN THE HOOD ALL DAY (It's all good, the dog is the hood) I THINK I'M LIKE THE ONLY NIGGA, DOG (It's all good, the dog is the hood) THAT CAN GO TO THE PROJECTS (SCHOOL STREET, HOME OF THE BRAVE) BY HIS FUCKIN SELF AND BE GOOD YEAH NIGGA, ASK NIGGAZ ON Y.O. (MY PROJECTS, Y.O.) WHEN THE LAST TIME THEY SEEN DOG (Not too long ago baby) MOTHERFUCKER.. DEE, WAAH, UGH... (Y'all niggaz is homeless) KATO... (Where the hood at?) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DMX Album: ...And Then There Was X Song: Party Up Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [DMX] Uhh.. UH! .. WHOO! Chorus: DMX Y'all gon' make me lose my mind up in HERE, up in here Y'all gon' make me go all out up in here, up in here Y'all gon' make me act a FOOL up in HERE, up in here Y'all gon' make me lose my cool up in here, up in here [DMX] If I gotsta bring it to you cowards then it's gonna be quick, aight All your mens up in the jail before, suck my dick and all them other cats you run with, get done with, dumb quick How the fuck you gonna cross the dog with some bum shit? Aight There go the gun click, nine one one shit All over some dumb shit, ain't that some shit Y'all niggaz remind me of a strip club, cause everytime you come around, it's like (what) I just gotta get my dick sucked And I don't know who the fuck you think you talkin to but I'm not him, aight slim? So watch what you do Or you gon' find yourself, buried next to someone else and we all thought you loved yourself But that couldn't have been the issue, or maybe they just sayin that, now cause they miss you Shit a nigga tried to diss you That's why you layin on your back, lookin at the roof of the church Preacher tellin the truth and it hurts Chorus [DMX] Off the chain I leave niggaz soft in the brain cause niggaz still want the fame, off the name First of all, you ain't rapped long enough to be fuckin with me and you, you ain't strong enough So whatever it is you puffin on that got you think that you Superman I got the Kryptonite, should I smack him with my dick and the mic? Y'all niggaz is characters, not even good actors What's gon' be the outcome? Hmm, let's add up all the factors You wack, you're twisted, your girl's a hoe You're broke, the kid ain't yours, and e'rybody know Your old man say you stupid, you be like, "So? I love my baby mother, I never let her go" I'm tired of weak ass niggaz whinin over puss that don't belong to them, fuck is wrong with them? They fuck it up for real niggaz like my mans and them who get it on on the strength of the hands with them, MAN Chorus [DMX] I bring down rains so heavy it curse the head No more talkin - put him in the dirt instead You keep walin - lest you tryin to end up red Cause if I end up fed, y'all end up dead Cause youse a soft type nigga Fake up North type nigga Puss like a soft white nigga Dog is a dog, blood's thicker than water We done been through the mud and we quicker to slaughter The bigger the order, the more guns we brought out We run up in there, e'rybody come out, don't nobody run out Sun in to sun out, I'ma keep the gun out Nigga runnin his mouth? I'ma blow his lung out Listen, yo' ass is about to be missin You know who gon' find you? (Who?) Some old man fishin Grandma wishin your soul's at rest but it's hard to digest with the size of the hole in your chest Chorus [DMX] Hold up! ERRRRRRRR! One.. two.. meet me outside meet me outside, meet me outside All my Ruff Ry-DERS gon' meet me outside meet me outside, meet me outside All my big ball-ERS gon' meet me outside meet me outside, meet me outside All my fly lad-IES gon' meet me outside meet me outside, meet me outside All my street street peoples meet me outside meet me outside, outside motherfucker X is got y'all bouncin again Bouncin again, bounce-bouncin again Dark Man X got ya bouncin again Bouncin again, bounce-bouncin again Swizz Beatz got y'all bouncin again Bouncin again, bounce-bouncin again (Swizz Beatz) Ruff Ryders got y'all bouncin again (DMX) Bouncin again, bounce-bouncin again Dark Man keep you bouncin again Bouncin again, bounce-bouncin again Dark Man keep you bouncin again Bouncin again, bounce-bouncin again All my streets they bouncin again Bouncin again, we're bouncin again Swizz Swizz Beatz we bouncin again Bouncin again and we bouncin again Double R keep it comin, ain't nuttin y'all Ain't nuttin y'all can do, now.. {*BOOM*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DMX Album: X Gonna Give it to Ya 12" Song: X Gonna Give it to Ya Typed by: don_vaskez@freemail.hu [DMX] Arf arf Yeah, yeah, yeah (Grrrr) Uh, Yeah don't get it twisted This rap shit, is mine Motherfucker, it's not, a fucking, game Fuck what you heard It's what you hearin It's what you hearin (Listen) It's what you hearin (Listen) It's what you hearin (Listen) [Verse 1] X gon' give it to ya Fuck wait for you to get it on your own X gon' deliver to ya Knock knock, open up the door, it's real Wit the non-stop, pop pop and stainless steel Go hard gettin busy wit it But I got such a good heart I'll make a motherfucker wonder if he did it Damn right and I'll do it again Cuz I am right so I gots to win Break bread wit the enemy But no matter how many cats I break bread wit I'll break who you sendin me You motherfuckers never wanted nothin, but your life saved Bitch, and that's on a light day I'm gettin down, down like a nigga said FREEZE! But won't be the one endin up on his knees (woo) Bitch please, if the only thing you cats did was came out to play - stay out my way [Chorus 2X: DMX] First we gonna ROCK, then we gonna ROLL Then we let it POP, GO LET IT GO X gon' give it to ya He gon' give it to ya X gon' give it to ya He gon' give it to ya [Verse 2] Ain't never gave nothin to me But everytime I turn around Cats got they hands out wantin something from me I ain't got it so you can't get it Lets leave it at that cuz I ain't wit it Hit it wit full strength, I'm a jail nigga So I face the world like it's Earl in the bullpen You against me, me against you Whatever, whenever - nigga, fuck you gon' do? I'm a wolf in sheep's clothing Only nigga that you know that can chill Come back and get the streets open I've been doing this for nineteen years Niggas wanna fight me? Fight these tears I put in work and it's all for the kids But these cats done forgot what work is (UH-HUH!) They don't know who we be Lookin! but they don't know who they see [Verse 3] Aiyyo where my niggaz at?! I know I got them down in the game Give 'em love and they give it back Talk too much for too long Don't give up you're too strong (What?!) Dub to the wow wow honeys (yeah!) Shoutout to niggaz that done it And it ain't even about the dough It's about gettin down for what you stand for yo The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DMX Album: Flesh of My Flesh, Blood of My Blood Song: It's All Good Typed by: xorcist@mindless.com, OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [DMX] Love my niggaz, but where's my bitches?  I love my niggaz, but where's my bitches?  Love my niggaz, but where's my bitches?  I love my niggaz, but where's my bitches?  Chorus: DMX It's all good, it's alright  Fuck all day, fuck all night  Call my bitches, cause wherever I go, y'all my bitches  East to the West coast, all my bitches  [DMX] Yo Chickens is good for pluckin so I'm stickin bitches fuckin Got em trickin while they suckin, give em dick and they be BUGGIN I've done it all - from mackin two hoes on a three-way Dominican hoes on B-way, country hoes in V-A And they all say the same about my game it's tight That's why every night a different group of bitches start a fight  over some dick that they don't even own All I'm givin them is the bone  Blowin up a niggaz phone, but ain't nobody home (damn) I'm in the zone, tryin to do things Let's turn this into a crew thing -- whassup girlfriend, you game?  Don't wonder why when I leave at night  It's because I thieve at night I'm leavin bitches not breathin right  I fuck they head up with some slick shit  Hit em off with some long dick shit  Make it some quick shit, but rip shit  Then I'm out, just like the trash on a Thursday  Knowin she'd be givin up the ass on the first date Chorus 2X [DMX] Flocks of bitches by the dozens, from sisters to cousins  Got em doin shit they said they wasn't ever gonna do  Like knowin I'd fuck the bitch that she was close to  Still gave up the ass and dough, she was supposed to (what?) Pictures of bitches and flicks of chicks  Videos with the baddest hoes, suckin dick  It's the dog in me, that makes me do wrong  And honies can't help but get strung (why?) Cause the game is too strong (okay) I like em greedy, black like Edi Eyes beady, willin to give to the needy  I done ran through em all, from around the way bitches  to them outta state hoes, and even hittin gay bitches  All I tell em is, "Let me get that," then it's on  Knock her motherfuckin boots, and then I'm gone  I got the white bitches sayin, "It's a black thing!"  Cause I leave that hoe with no dough and plenty of back pain  Chorus 2X [DMX] Bitches who get props, cause they know who can get got  And they can get shot, by the way a niggaz lip drop  Walk up in the spot, knowin what she want strictly When hon wants the dickly, hon comes and gets me  Hits me, pays me, doesn't get crazy Knows to be Swayze, cause that's daddy's baby I keep them hoes in check, like the government  Hittin em off with nuttin BUT THE DICK, and they lovin it! Huggin it, like it's they best friend, cause it is Word to Miz, fuckin with tricks is just biz  I deal with strictly dimes  Got em committin they first crimes  Now she suckin dick, for the first time  And ain't no secret, bout how I freak it, when they sleep didn't never know how I peeped it, then creeped it That's how I know this must be that shit  I tell them bitches, "I'll be back," and they believe that shit! Chorus 4X [DMX] I love my niggaz, but where's my bitches? (4X) Nigga.. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DMX Album: The Great Depression Song: Who We Be Typed by: mack69daddy_@hotmail.com, hump@blueyonder.co.uk [DMX] Uhh, yeah, another one of those (this is for my nigga Q)  down to earth joints (rest in peace baby - you know how we roll) There's so many that don't know (you knew I could do it) They don't knooow, who we beee They don't knooow, who we beee [DMX over Chorus] This goes out to my nigga Q - rest in peace baby (I miss you dog) You still here with me.. what they don't know is! [DMX] The bullshit, the drama (uhh), the guns, the armour (uhh!) The city, the farmer, the babies, the mama (what?!) The projects, the drugs (uhh!), the children, the thugs (uhh!) The tears, the hugs, the love, the slugs (c'mon!) The funerals, the wakes, the churches, the coffins (uhh!) The heartbroken mothers, it happens, too often (why?!) The problems, the things, we use, to solve 'em (what?!) Yonkers, the Bronx (uhh!), Brooklyn, Harlem (c'mon!) The hurt, the pain, the dirt, the rain (uhh!) The jerk, the fame, the work, the game (uhh!) The friends, the foes, the Benz, the hoes (what?!) The studios, the shows, comes, and it goes (c'mon!) The jealousy, the envy, the phony, the friendly (uh-huh!) The one that gave 'em the slugs, the one that put 'em in me (whoo!) The snakes, the grass, too long, to see (uhh, uhh!) The lawnmower, sittin, right next, to the tree (c'mon!) [Chorus 2X] [DMX] What we seeing is! The streets, the cops, the system, harrassment (uh-huh) The options, get shot, go to jail, or getcha ass kicked  (aight) The lawyers, the part, they are, of the puzzle (uh-huh) The release, the warning, "Try not, to get in trouble" (damn!) The snitches, the odds (uhh), probation, parole (what?!) The new charge, the bail, the warrant, the hole (damn!) The cell, the bus, the ride, up North (uh-huh) The greens, the boots, the yard, these hearts (uhh!) The fightin, the stabbin, the pullin, the grabbin (what?!) The riot squad with the captain, nobody knows what happened (what?!) The two years in a box, revenge, the plots (uhh!) The twenty-three hours that's locked, the one hour that's not (uhh!) The silence, the dark, the mind, so fragile (aight!) The wish, that the streets, would have took you, when they had you (damn) The days, the months, the years, dispair One night on my knees, here it comes, the prayer [Chorus 2X] [DMX] This here is all about! My wife, my kids (uh-huh), the life that I live (uh-huh) Through the night, I was his (uh-huh), it was right, but I did (uh-huh) My ups, and downs (uhh), my slips, my falls (uhh) My trials and tribulations (uhh), my heart, my balls (uhh) My mother, my father, I love 'em, I hate 'em (uhh!) Wish God, I didn't have 'em, but I'm glad that he made 'em (uhh!) The roaches, the rats, the strays, the cats (what, what?!) The guns, knives and bats, everytime we scrap The hustlin, the dealin, the robbin, the stealin (uhh!) The shit, hit the ceilin, little boy, with no feelin's (damn) The frustration, rage, trapped inside a cage Got beatin's 'til the age, I carried a twelve gauge (aight!) Somebody stop me (please!), somebody come and get me (what?!) Little did I know, that the Lord was ridin with me The dark, the light (uhh), my heart (uhh), the fight (uhh) The wrong (uhh!), the right (uhh!), it's gone (uhh!), aight? [Chorus 4X] [DMX over Chorus] Man listen These motherfuckers don't know, who we are! They don't know They couldn't possibly fuckin know dawg That's from the heart The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DMX Album: Grand Champ Song: The Rain Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash  {*singing*} Now I know, only I, can stop the rain Uh.. uh.. uh, uh, uh  {*singing*} Now I know, only I, can stop the rain It's not that we gotta do what we do It's what we know, so to me it ain't nuttin but bein true but  {*singing*} Now I know, only I, can stop the rain It doesn't have to be the way it is, you say it is Just because for the past 20 years, every day it is  {*singing*} Now I know, only I, can stop the rain I wanna be able to walk out my front door Without worryin about comin in conflict with the law, cause  {*singing*} Now I know, only I, can stop the rain If I follow Him, they'll follow me And I'll speak life into the word that you can see  {*singing*} Now I know, only I, can stop the rain We get away with everyday shit, but everyday shit catches up to you and when it does you can't say shit!  {*singing*} Now I know, only I, can stop the rain If I don't, you will, when I won't, you steal What makes it feel like we gots to kill?  {*singing*} Now I know, only I, can stop the rain How many more lives must we lose? How many more times must we choose to trust these fools?  {*singing*} Now I know, only I, can stop the rain If it ain't broke, don't fix it I gave it to you straight don't mix it twist it up on some slick shit  {*singing*} Now I know, only I, can stop the rain I don't have to talk to it any more I don't have to walk to it any more, I'm out the door {*SLAM*}  {*singing*} Now I know, only I, can stop the rain I wanna find peace with the Lord I don't wanna find a beast with the sword, I can't afford to  {*singing*} Now I know, only I, can stop the rain When every day of my life Is a constant fight between wrong and right  {*singing*} Now I know, only I, can stop the rain I thank you Lord for my life Thank you Lord for keepin it loose when things got tight  {*singing*} Now I know, only I, can stop the rain Only I can stop the rain Only I can stop the pain, yeahh  {*singing*} Now I know, only I, can stop the rain Only I can stop, the rain, stop, the rain, yeahh - WHAT? ... GRRRR, only I (only I) can stop (can stop) the rain (the rain) Only I can stop the rain, cause the rain falls on me  {*singing*} Now I know, only I, can stop the rain Only I can stop the rain {*thunderclap*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DMX Album: ...And Then There Was X Song: Here We Go Again Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [DMX] Same old shit dog, just a different day You know how niggaz do, when we play, how we play 	IT IS NOT, A FUCKING GAME! A man's gotta do what a man's gotta do If it's fuck me nigga, you know it's fuck you I kick it to shorty to try to help him understand (uhh) Hit him with work, cause yo, that's my little man (uh-huh) He asked a few questions bout the game and I told him (yeh) So when he made a bad move it was my place to scold him (aight) Never told him nuttin wrong, kept it fair Didn't listen, so I might as well have been talkin to the air (damn) Everybody makes mistakes, a mistake is aight But if it ain't, I'ma tell you straight, time to say goodnight Nobody likes to be played, regardless of the relationship but shorty's fuckin up big time, I HATE THIS SHIT I'm caught in the middle of, havin love for a lil nigga knowin what's expected of me as a, real nigga (damn) My next move is crucial, what do I do? How do I keep it real with shorty in my crew? Didn't want to kill him, so instead of puttin the Mac on him I did the only thing I could do, turn my back on him (aight?) Chorus: DMX Here we go again.. Same old shit dog, just a different day Here we go again.. You know how niggaz do, when we play, how we play Here we go again.. A man's gotta do what a man's gotta do Here we go again.. So if it's fuck me nigga, then you know it's fuck you [DMX] Niggaz that I fuck wit, wanna get him dead But I'm cool with shorty's peoples, so I let him live Under normal circumstances, he would be a marked man but I hit him with a grand, just didn't shake his hand (ooh) Go about your business (uh-huh) do what you gonna do (uh) Be what you gon' be, I wash my hands, I'm through (aight?) I can forgive I just can't forget You're on your own lil' man don't ask me for shit (no) If you paid attention to what I taught you then you good (uhh) If I see you again, GET IT, understood? Go 'head before I change my mind cause you know you should be dead "I just wanted to say --" AIGHT?!!!! GO 'HEAD! Instinct told me to kill him but the saviour is I'm a good nigga, plus I owed his peeps a favor (hmm) But I also knew, the decision I just made (yeah) went against the rules of the game that we played (damn) Chorus [DMX] I should have, followed my first instinct, cause I knew Sometimes you gotta do what you gotta do Now this nigga's fuckin with the competition (WHAT?) Ungrateful motherfucker, shoulda got him missin (WHAT?) This nigga got the nerve, to take my kindness, for a weakness Gotsta get back on some street shit so I can creep this rat, when I act, take one, set him up, to take two get him there, take three, get him done Wasn't hard for me to get him where I wanted him, confronted him {*barrel spins*} BZZZZZZZT, CLICK! There was a bullet in one of them Feelin lucky? CLICK, looks like you are CLICK CLICK CLICK, luck ain't goin too far What you did was put on another pair of shoes and they just happened to be too big What you did was stupid (damn) real fuckin stupid (aight?) Well shorty I gave you a chance and what did you do? Threw it back in my fuckin face so FUCK YOU TOO *BLAM* aight? Chorus 2X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DMX f/ Drag-On, Swizz Beatz Album: Flesh of My Flesh, Blood of My Blood Song: No Love 4 Me Typed by: UncleLuke3@aol.com, OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Swizz Beatz] Keep yo' hands in the air, cause we gon' take you there And I know it ain't fair, but we just don't care.. Uh-huh, uh, what Chorus: DMX (repeat 2X) Ain't no other cats got love for me Ain't no cats gon' bust slugs for me Ain't no cats gon' shed blood for me But my dogs, is gon' be a thug for me [DMX] Uhh, uhh If I'm gonna rob, I'ma rob all night If I'm lookin for somethin it's probably a fight If I'm goin fuck bitches then they better be tight If that's dead, then the head better be right If I gots to play I'ma play til I win Since I gots to be here can't wait to begin Wanna fuck shorty can't stand shorty friend cause honey friend fuck many many men Stay wit the rats cause the rats is real Wanna fuck, then we fuck, already know the deal Shit, fuck what you look like, just show the real And I keep spot that we can go to chill I love my, get down for the hoes Only reason I come around is for the hoes Pipework - I lay it down for the hoes Hit em off with that dark brown, you know? Chorus [Drag-On] Y'know fuckin wit me, ain't keepin your health right Cause me and my Rolls, we keep it jail tight The shit I pack is heavy, but the shell is light When they drop the same time, you drop without a fight Burnin anything that I'm puttin my name on You might take a 'Drag', but you can't flame 'On' I know y'all niggaz to homey, wit a chain on When it come to the fire I'm the kid they blame it on When you see like eight cars then y'all know who we are Niggaz spittin mean bars off the green jar Never drunk but you see me leaned at the bar Spittin fire that'll melt the ice on your arm You had that but for now dog give me that Cause dog you don't wanna see how my semi act Fake hustlin niggaz you'll pump any pack When it come to this shit, I done laid plenty flat (C'MON!) Chorus [DMX] Do you hear what I tell you? Understand what you hear Don't let nobody tell you, what to hope and to fear Do you hear what I tell you? Understand what you hear Don't let nobody tell you, what to hope and to fear Uhh, uhh What you niggaz want? Cause I got it right here Y'all niggaz front, then I hit you right there Not really impressed by what niggaz wear Faggots talk shit but I really don't care I'm the type of nigga that'll die for the cause Fuck what you heard, I will die for my dogs Ain't scared of shit - will ride in the fog Same thing but a bigger size than yours I fuck with Drag-On, cause he spits the flame Drag-On motherfucker don't forget the name And we all takin over ain't shit the same If you ain't out that mob nigga quit the game And ain't no other cats got love for me Ain't no other cats gon' bust slugs for me Ain't no other cats gon' shed blood wit me But my dogs, is gon' be a thug wit me, c'mon! Chorus [DMX] Do you hear what I tell you? Understand what you hear Don't let nobody tell you, what to hope and to fear Do you hear what I tell you? Understand what you hear Don't let nobody tell you, what to hope and to fear [Swizz Beatz] Uh-huh, uh Uh.. Drag-On My man Swizz Beatz Uh Uh, uh Uh, uh Uh, uh Double-R, uh The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DMX Album: The Great Depression Song: We Right Here Typed by: bootleg210@msn.com [DMX] Uh, uh, uh, uh Bring it! What? We right here We're not goin anywhere We right here This is ours and we don't share We right here Bring your crew cuz we don't care We right here Uh, uh, uh [Verse 1] One mo' time, I gots to hit the streets off, make the streets talk Let 'em know it ain't a sweet walk This gon' be The only joint made this year that'll knock 'til 2003 And y'all gon' see That the hottest nigga out there, was, is, and will be me Just like that I can go away for a minute, do some other shit, but bounce right back And when it's on I'm comin strapped, with some shit that'll spit from dusk 'til dawn And when you gone Ain't no comin back in the morning, like that shit was a dream Nigga you gone That's for real Creep niggas like a seal, totin steel, stick a nigga make him squeal Oh my God Those can't be the last words of ya man, damn ya man was so hard Come on! [Verse 2] Here we go again How many million did my last one sell? Fuck it, I'm goin for ten This never gon' stop; and every fuckin time I hit you it's goin straight to the top of the charts The champion I'm a thoroughbred, my blood is strong, and I scratch 'til you done Cross the line And ain't no more scratches after that, straight up, niggas is dyin Yo, what the fuck Is you cats doin runnin around like this, like you won't get stuck Yo, that's my word I stay givin it to niggas, and I stay not really being heard But, y'all gone see That the same things thou done to them, will be done to thee And then you'll know That sometimes though you come thru the front, you leavin out the backdo' Come on! [Verse 3] Bring the noise And you better come with niggas you don't give a fuck about, Cuz you gone lose your boys Cuz we don't play And the silencer will silence any cocksucker with somethin to say Dog for life Whether I'm on or off the leash I bite, streets are my life Click click boom {*gunshot*} Another life taken too soon, another mother had a funeral Still waters run deep And the pain is forever alive inside, makes it hard to sleep But I keep goin, goin Shit I'm always careful when I walk, I'm always seein, knowin The dog gone live Stay walkin the wire, over the fire, when I can I give The dog is good And how it's stayin dog gone fuck with the hood The dog fuck with the wood [Chorus] 2x [DMX] We right here Uh, uh, uh [Repeat until fade] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DMX Album: ...And Then There Was X Song: One More Road to Cross Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [DMX] Uhh.. this is life (this is life) This is what I know (this what I know) So to me (so to me) this is life (this is life) Chorus: DMX (repeat 2X) One more road to cross One more risk to take Gotta live my life like there's one more move to make [DMX] I'm up at like 6 AM, to check this nigga He work the nightshift, and I gots to check them figures Knock on his door, peoples talkin bout, "He ain't there," but the house is packed, shit I know he here somewhere See money get high, I don't knock what a nigga do to get by Just make sure you gettin by don't FUCK with you gettin mine Ain't the first time he ran off, shoulda split his shit then Hate to think of what he's did and if I catch him slippin won't be an ass-whippin, I can tell you that I keep it real with this cat, he go and sell two packs and run off (damn) tell me, he was locked down, up North and you out a week later? That's bullshit! I bust off, I need this dough Fuck you think I'm here for my health? I need this wealth, because I feed myself You play with my life, when you play with my money Playin around but this'll be the last time you think somethin's funny Chorus [DMX] Yo, I've been casin the liquor store, for a month now with me and two other niggaz, is about to run up in there and shut it down I got four people on the inside, one stay in the back Two stock boys, one at the register but he count the stacks Aight bitch, put on the ski mask, make sure that when we ask for the dough they know that we takin all three bags Now see that? You gotta hear em shoot that nigga Matter of fact, you hit the back, I'll put two in that nigga Hardhead motherfuckers always get it I told him what would happen if he moved the nigga moved so I did it Did you get it? I asked my man as he was comin from the back Nigga opened his mouth said nothin and fell out flat This cat come out spittin, hittin my mans, his mans Couldn't control what was in his hands I'm hit, damn! I bust back, and got the fuck up out of there Didn't get a dime, but at least I got up out of there Chorus [DMX] Aiyyo I see it, try to avoid it, but it comes That's how it's goin in the slums over crumbs Somethin little becomes somethin major Niggaz gettin blown up like a pager Ear to ear with the razor, pour out my soul Took control of hurt, why must Earl Simmons, swim in dirt? I'm gon' make it work, twenty-eight and tryin to get, baptized Priest cannot touch me cause he said I gave him bad vibes Ryde, when I Die, straight down, but I'm plottin We all gots to go but who wants to be forgotten? I'ma leave a mark, and it won't be the mark of the devil Throw dirt and may your hands burn when you touch the shovel The level of animosity is stoppin me from thrivin FUCK what them niggaz is talkin about, I'm survivin Alive and goin through it, but I made my bed So now it's in these flames that I, lay my head Chorus 2X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DMX Album: Flesh Of My Flesh, Blood Of My Blood Song: Slippin' Typed by: hjwess1@msg.pacbell.com Ha ha ha ha ha ha uhh See to live is to suffer but to survive well that's to find meaning in the suffering. Chorus Ay yo I'm slippin' I'm fallin' I can't get up Ay yo I'm slippin' I'm fallin' I can't get up Ay yo I'm slippin' I'm fallin' I gots to get up Get me back on my feet so I can tear shit up! (Repeat) -1- I been through mad different phases like Masons to find my way & now I know that happy days are not far away If I'm strong enough I'll live long enough to see my kids doing something more constructive with they time than bids I know because I been there now I'm in there sit back & look at what it took for me to get there First came the "Howll!!" the drama with my mama she got on some fly shit "What!" til I split and said that I'ma be that seed that doesn't need much to succeed strapped with mad greed and a heart that doesn't bleed I'm ready for the world or at least I thought I was baggin' "Uhh!" when I caught a buzz for thinking about how short I was Going too fast it wouldn't last but yo I couldn't tell group homes & institutions, prepare my ass for jail They put me in a situation forcin' me to be a man when I was just learnin' to stand without a helpin' hand Damn, was it my fault, somethin' I did to make a father leave his first kid at 7 doin' my first bid? Back on the scene at 14 with a scheme to get more cream than I'd ever seen in a dream and by all means I will be living high off the hog and I never gave a "What!!" about much but my dog That's my only "Howll!" I had offered my last Just another little "Come on!!" headed nowhere fast Chorus -2- That ain't the half "Arf!" get's worse as I get older actions become bolder heart got colder chip on my shoulder that I dared a "Uhh!" to touch didn't need a click cause I scared a "Uh huh" that much One deep went to for kicks catchin' vicks throwin' bricks gettin by bein' slick used to get high to get by used to have to "Howl!!" in the morning before I get fly I ate something a couple of forties made me hate somethin' I did some "Arf" now I'm ready to take something 3 years later showing signs of stress didn't keep my hair cut or give a "Come on!" how I dressed I'm possessed by the darker side livin' the cruddy life "What!" like this kept a nigga with a bloody knife wanna make records but I'm "Wheeew'd!" up I'm slippin' I'm fallin' I can't get up Chorus -3- Wasn't long before I hit rock bottom "Howll!" was like damn look how that "how that" got him Open like a window no more Indo look at a video sayin' to myself that could've been yo on the TV believe me it could be done somethin's got to give it's got to change cause I've got a son I've got to do the right thing for shorty and that means no more getting high drinking forties So I get back lookin' type slick again Fake "What!" jump back on my "Uhh uh huh!" again Nothin' but love for those that know how it feel & much respect to all my "Come on!!" that kept it real Be strong kept a from doin' wrong "Uhh" who they is and this is yo "What uhh!" song and to my boo who stuck with a "Arf!" through all the bullshit you'll get yours because it's due Chorus can't get up...I gots to get up This is from the heart baby, don't get it twisted Ahh X RATED!!!!! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DMX Album: It's Dark and Hell Is Hot Song: Prayer Typed by: Prinzsp@aol.com I come to you hungry and tired you give me food and let me sleep I come to you weak  you give me strength and that's deep you call me a sheep and lead me to green pastures only asking that I keep the focus in-between the chapters You give me the word and only ask that I interpret And give me the eyes that I may recognize the serpent You know I ain't perfect,but you'd like me to try Unlike the devil who just wants me to lie till I die Lord why is it that,I go through so much pain All I saw was black,all I felt was rain I come to you because its you who knows you showed me that everything was black because my eyes were closed You gave me the light and let me bask in your glory So it was only right that when you ask for this story I put it together to do our dogs some good our dogs being,brothers and sisters in the hood Plenty of times you sent help my way,but i hid and I remember once you held me close,but i slid There was something that I just had to see that you wanted me to see so I can be what you wanted me to be And I think I've seen it,but I don't feel the same Matter of fact I know I've seen it,I can feel the change and it's strange almost got me beating down your door But I have never known a love like this before It's a wonderful feeling to get away from the pain and up under the ceiling I get away from the rain And the strain that I feel when I'm here is gone I know real so I wipe away the tears with a song and I almost lost faith when you took my man Monty,Paso,and Jay's brother Dan and I fear that what I'm saying won't be heard until I'm gone but it's all good,cause I really didn't expect to live long So if it takes for me to suffer,for my brother to see the light Give me pain till I die,but please Lord treat him right The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DMX Album: The Weigh In Song: The Weigh In Intro Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  I want a good clean fight Protect yourself at all times Obey my commands at all times Touch 'em up and good luck to both of you The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DMX f/ Big Stan Album: The Weigh In Song: Where I Wanna Be Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Chorus: unknown singer] {w/ DMX ad libs} In the darkest days no rain that falls Frees me from the life that calls And all the things I need to find an answer for But in the end I know I'll see the truth in all that I believe I do what I gotta do Cause I know that this, is where I wanna be [DMX] Got a lot to say but don't know who to talk to Step with a purpose, but don't know where to walk to If anything I ever said, ever meant somethin I know because the person I said it to, told me it meant somethin My life has a meanin, my life has a purpose No matter how dark it gets, I knew that it was worth it (what!) FUCK what it looked like on the surface (c'mon!) Seen it all but, not all heard us, like sometimes I was murderous (damn) Can't expect everybody to get what you're doin Can't expect them all to be with what you're doin Don't give a FUCK if a muh'fucker hate me (nope!) What you think it is ain't me, but what's good with you lately? HATE when I sense this shit Tryin to make sense of this shit, knowin that it's sensitive shit Niggaz so dumb, you don't even censor shit You said this shit, so I KNOW you meant the shit you senseless BITCH! [Big Stan] Born with an addiction to fast livin, with high stakes I race down the highway of life with no brakes Make no apologies for the risks that I take And mannin up to the repercussions that I face No silver spoon, I was raised in a crowded room Rarely seen the sun, faced a lot of gloom I hit the streets too soon before 21 Been on the clock since, and on it 'til I'm done I'm never clockin out, but always lockin in I had a warm heart, lost a lot of friends And losin them made me feel like I was drownin So please forgive the chill I know you feel when you around me Dreamed of livin right, big family, the picket fence Grandkids I would get to share my story with But here I am, livin bio as I stand ground Just hope it doesn't end with shots fired, "Man down!" [DMX] If I could bottle the inspiration, I'd be a billionaire Straight fuckin villain yeah, X baby still in here I feel the air, I can smell the death in it Y'all be left in it so fuck it nigga, step wit it~! The walk is easy, the journey ain't worth nothin That's why every day a nigga wanna hurt somethin BUT, make progress, more or less Cause if I can avoid the stress I can avoid the rest (c'mon!) A nigga STAY dealin with the bullshit daily (damn!) Niggaz is worse than the bitches, y'all hear me Straight up, I'm FED UP! (WHAT!) Have you sprayed up and wet up (WHAT!) Now you laid up and won't get up NOW look what the fuck you done got yourself into All I did was open the curtains and you jumped out the window That's what suckers do, just a punk motherfucker you Got a nigga like "Motherfucker OOH~!!" [Chorus] - 2X [Outro: DMX] This is all I know {*repeat to the end*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DMX f/ Snoop Dogg Album: The Weigh In Song: Shit Don't Change Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Snoop Dogg - echoing] DMX, Snoop Dogg! Dogs of the world unite, yeah [Intro: DMX] This that shit right here Grrrrrrr, shit don't change Shit stay the same Snoop Dogg! C'MON! DMX! Snoop Dogg! {*4X*} [Chorus: Snoop Dogg] + (DMX) Shit don't change, shit stay the same (Shit don't change) Pop pop bang (Shit stay the same) I'm doin my thang (C'mon~!) [DMX] Come through grab a nigga, bodybag a nigga This rifle in his face'll toe-tag a nigga They wasn't born in it, they was sworn in it I roll with the wolves, point it out, they gon' GET IT! Show 'em they gon' HIT IT! That's what we do Lethal, leave you see-through with the Eagle Peep through, now he laid up in the box Lookin like he sleep, "He was the man on the blocks!" Now niggaz know that's what the rats'll do Turn, wanna be gangstas into, maggot food But it'll hurt a nigga with the truth to kill 'em with a lie You ain't my man! All you wanna do is get a nigga high I see it in your eye, it ain't nothin real about ya You's a fraud, it's just how I feel about ya Look, y'all ain't mobsters, you a posse Soon as I spot ya, I'ma stomp ya, watch, gotcha [Chorus] - 2X [DMX] Check it When the dog get hungry, dog gon' eat So I slide my plate right under a nigga feet Like them lines in the road I get down to the street Come through like BRRRAP! Put them cats to sleep STAY with the heat, cook niggaz, shook niggaz Me and mines come through, it's nothin but crook niggaz You off the hook nigga! E'rybody strip! E'rybody get down cause my niggaz flip! Spoiled fake niggaz take niggaz, snake niggaz Make niggaz rape niggaz, I HATE niggaz! Talkin that riff-raff, get back They call me extortion nigga, I get half Fuck what you heard baby, X go hard Beast in the streets, beast in the yard It ain't never been NUTTIN to pull a nigga's card Gangstas come to jail and wanna know God [Chorus] - 4X {*DMX and Snoop Dogg ad lib*} [Chorus] - 2X {*DMX and Snoop ad lib some more*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DMX Album: The Weigh In Song: Last Hope Skit Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  Long-time boxing veteran he is the former heavyweight champion of the world Ladies and gentlemen, known as the road warrior Please welcome... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DMX f/ Andreena Mills Album: The Weigh In Song: Last Hope Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Intro] Yes.. yes.. yes [Chorus: Andreena Mills] + (DMX) I gotta make it out and move quickly (grr) Can't allow the past to restrict me (grr) Bet this time around they won't skip me (grr) I am the last hope (THE CHAMP!) Won't hesitate not even for a second (grr) The hustle has become an obsession (grr) I'm on the frontlines with my weapon (grr) I am the last hope [DMX] Ahhhhhhh-OOOOOOH! Damn! I went through it again (uhh) After tell everybody I wouldn't do it again I kinda feel like I let my people down, yup~! But to get them right, I gots to pick myself up (c'mon!) When I heard this beat and hook, it was so raw (ughh) Looked in the mirror, didn't like what I saw (ughh) All I could say is "Aww man, shit gotta change (FOR REAL!) Either get it right or take one to the brain" (BLAM!) But y'all knew the pain that I went through daily (woo!) Tryin to stay sane through the rain, y'all don't hear me I'm slippin, fallin, I can't get up But this time I'm outta control, I don't give a fuck! (YEAH!) For the thugs, I'm the last hope of the team (C'MON!) I'm the reason why some niggaz, got a hole in the dream (C'MON!) These cats know what's good, I +AM+ the hood! (aight!) I ain't hopin that they don't, I wish a nigga would! (C'MON!) [DMX] I gots to do it for me (uh-huh) do it for them (yeah) I ain't playin with this shit, I'ma do it to win (aight) Know I can do it again (C'MON) cause I did it before With little to no effort, and y'all niggaz know the score (for real) First album dropped in May, the second in December Both went platinum in one year like, y'all don't remember? (C'MON!) Only nigga who's first five albums debuted at #1 (AIGHT!) And wonder why I call you son (my son!) I've just begun, to get started but the hardest part of it all (uh-huh) Is to climb a slippery wall and, still don't fall Break down and call up to God, when it get too hard I KNOW YOU AIN'T GON' LET ME GO NOW! (PLEASE!) Brought me too far Showed me I was a star (uh-huh) all my life I know it all ain't right (C'MON) but before I call it a night I'ma thank you for it all (uhh) the blessings and the curses (WHAT!) And I hope you listenin (uhh) there's a lesson in the verses (C'MON!) YEAH!! [Outro] Grr.. {*8X*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: (DMX f/) Lil Wayne Album: The Weigh In Song: Lil Wayne Interlude Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Lil Wayne] I mean, tonight is history because I got one of - I got a fuckin legend standing behind me When I turned around, I saw this nigga I was like stop the music, and let the motherfuckers know that D, M, X, is in, this, building! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DMX Album: The Weigh In Song: Where My Dogs At Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Intro] Uh, uh, uh, WHAT! {*growls and barks*} Yo, C'MON! Where my dogs at?! (Uh) Uhh, where my dogs at?! (What!) Uhh, where my dogs at?! (They not ready!) C'mon! (This hip-hop) Where my dogs at?! [DMX] You can try but I do fight, just can't seem to do right Can't run with the big dogs, those jeans are too tight I been doin this for too long, plus dog is too strong Let you cats, bite me off the map, with a new song Man you know you wrong, tryin that shit there Yeah, a nigga went there, all you did was sit there I've been rappin about 20 years and you 20 years old X is back on the block, lookin to go gold There's a new sheriff in town, just been re-elected You ain't gotta like it but respect it, nigga check it! I'ma get it in until the nigga wins with the dividends cause, we gon' walk the dogs, 'til the bitter end You like, "Oh it's him again!" I knew that's how you felt {*sniff*} Pussy~! I knew that's how you smelled All you cats do is play around, with your speech Talkin 'bout, what you got, ain't air in the teeth You can, put on a vest but, I'ma still stop ya Cause I got a chopper that sound like a helicopter And niggaz really don't want me to pop the trunk We gon' either chop or slump when I cock and dump Whether the Glock or pump, cats ain't ready Half from here to here, lookin like spaghetti Pull out the machete, hack off the limbs Bag up the pieces, wipe off the Timbs Jump in the Benz, five cars deep 4 o'clock in the morning, riders still asleep Shut shit down whenever we hit town GIVE A NIGGA PASS! I lay my dick down You can, bring out the best or, bring out the worst You gon' bring out the worst, we gon' bring out the hearse Niggaz play poker, I play poke-her Hit her from ear to ear make her smile like The Joker! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DMX f/ Tyrese Album: The Weigh In Song: Tyrese Interlude Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Tyrese] Y'knowmsayin? All you funny style new bitches Y'all break out when the heat come down the pipe Y'knowmsayin? I fuck with the real bitches that's there when a nigga, y'knahmean, when I just need that phone call when she can see it in my eyes like fuck what I'm sayin I'm fucked up and she there, y'knowmsayin? That's - she got a nigga back, man All that other shit, that's that 2010 love You bitches is new bitches, knahmean? We, we talkin 'bout We talkin 'bout the ones that really know what love is Like, fuck the exterior Know a nigga heart, know the content of my heart She got a nigga back, man [DMX] Fuck the new bitches We talkin 'bout the true bitches [Tyrese] Ah-hahahaha, ha ha ha, ha ha Yeah yeah, X said it Fuck the new bitches Talkin 'bout the true bitches, knowmsayin? You bitches findin out how to love from readin Essence magazine and shit Fuck outta here, man You ain't gon' find love in them pages It's actin The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DMX f/ Tyrese Album: The Weigh In Song: That's My Baby Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [DMX] Uh, uh, uh, uh, OWW! It's like a walk in the park She even fuck with a nigga in the dark She been fuckin with a nigga from the start Cause she fucked with a nigga from the heart Man, it don't get no realer See her fuckin with another nigga I'll kill her! Huh, that's how much I feel her It's like I'm the fiend and she's the dealer BUT - that's my baby She's the only one that, make me crazy Ain't no maybes, never act shady And at the end of the day she STILL my lady! [Chorus: Tyrese] Say what you want, that's my baby Only one that drives me crazy End of the day she's still my lady She got my back, I got HERRRRS {*4X*} [DMX] Bigger than words~! [DMX] + (Tyrese) Hey, HEY! Somethin special about her And it ain't even the pussy, I just can't live without her Independent chick, yeah she work Strong, but if I do wrong, then yeah she hurt HEY! We all got feelings What we feel is so real, it's straight to the ceiling After a long day of robbin and stealin A nigga come home for some (sexual healin) Yeah, that's my boo Only she understand what I been through (ooh babe) She got my heart, let it do what it do Said, "I love you baby!" I love you too (sexual healin) [Chorus] w/ ad libs [DMX] Bigger than words~! [Tyrese] Say, say, say what you will Say what you want, say what you see [DMX] Man, I went to school with her Since 14 I was fool with her To see her bent over, I shot pool with her Bitch was so bad didn't know what to do with her In the hood she was that chick And I was that nigga who with that bitch And if I went and lost my life I'd die knowin she was my wife I'll rest in peace [Chorus] w/ ad libs [DMX] More than words~! {*DMX and Tyrese ad lib to the end*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: (DMX f/) DJ Envy Album: The Weigh In Song: DJ Envy Interlude Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [DJ Envy] Let me tell you about DMX DMX is probably, one of the artists that saved Def Jam back in the day when Def Jam was going down  and-and he saved Def Jam with the, with the cruddy raps But let me tell you how generous DMX was (Okay) This is when I was producing DMX flew me down to uh, L.A. (uh-huh) when he was shooting a movie and uh, we did about four or five tracks but the reason I knew DMX was so big  is in the middle of the movie he stopped filming and was like "Envy, let's go, uhh, fly helicopters." (ha ha ha) And we went to the store, we bought remote control helicopters and started flying helicopters in the middle of the set! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DMX Album: The Weigh In Song: Wright or Wrong Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Intro: DMX] Aww man (shit) That bitch (DID HE?!) What the fuck is this? Did he? (DID HE?!) Are you for real? [Chorus: DMX] Ryde or die, right or wrong (WHAT?) Niggaz wit'cha by your side 'til the storm (WHAT?) Then they split, don't wanna ride to the storm (WHAT?) {I love you my nigga} Shoulda known that was bullshit all along! (C'MON!) [DMX] I been doin this for a minute So with or without you I'ma get it, cause I'm in it to win it I put in work, paid my dues Stepped in dirt, changed my shoes Got those dirty - asked God for a new pair and He musta heard me; thought I was worthy Taught me to listen cause in New York the rule is the more you know the less you talk So if you fake niggaz actin like you down for the kid When it goes back, don't be around for SHIT! That's why niggaz like you get found in a ditch You ain't built for war, actin like a BITCH! [DMX] We all in the sunshine... We all in the sunshine, we all want the fun time So niggaz forget that it is gon' rain sometime Whatever the weather We supposed to be in this together, B.F.W. forever I see now that y'all niggaz been takin shit lightly One minute you love me, next you wanna fight me Am I gon' lose? Not likely And even though we both know that you a cat, you still be tryin to bite me C'mon vato, cat-o That's a real bitch move you made, you know the rest, uh-oh Walk like a man you gots to talk like a man Chin up, with a limp, dick in your hand! [DMX] Ahh man, ahh man! AHHHHHHHHHHHHH!! Whatever the fuck I do I go all out Wait for a few days, ryde or die, fuck out bitch! I ain't got time for these cats that wanna pretend Like they gon' ride 'til the end Cause soon as you hit a bump niggaz jump ship But when it's all good same niggaz suck dick Money is the root of all evil I ain't a fake nigga, and never had a reason to deceive you Don't nobody do for me, but me A nigga gon' be alright, you'll see When I need a friend, {?} sends me one When I need some ends, he saved me some Whatever I need I get it, so I don't want for nothin And I ain't gotta hunt for nothin Sittin on ten whips, a few chips And that mayne with the laser from the hip catch you slip [Outro: DMX] WHAT? WHAT? WHAT? WHAT? WHAAAAAAAT? Man, cause I'm fuckin crazy! And you all fuckin crazy! Oh my God, what have they done? What have they done? What have they done?! What have they done?! What have they done?! They don't know What have they done?! They don't know What have they done?! They don't know What have they done?! They don't know What have they done?! They don't know Grrrrrrr... Ryde or die, right or wrong! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DMX Album: Undisputed Song: Lookin Without Seein (Intro) Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [DMX] Grrrrrrrr... Yoooooooo Y'all don't know what I've been goin through Y'all don't know what I'm about to do, to you Cause you're lookin without seein Yoooooooo Y'all don't know how hard I'm gonna fight Y'all don't know if I am wrong or right Or what I might do tonight Cause you're lookin without seein Yoooooooo (hell naw!) Y'all don't know if I'ma change this time (I'ma change!) Y'all don't know about the frame of mind (the frame of mind!) That I just might BE IN! You're lookin without seein (seein) Might as well be blind The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DMX Album: Undisputed Song: What They Don't Know Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Chorus: DMX] What they don't know, they gon' find out {*3X*} What they don't know, they gon' find out REAL SOON BABY! [DMX - over Chorus] Man, listen! These cats must be out they fuckin mind baby! Thinkin the Dog don't got it! ARF, ARF! But you 'bout to find out, what it is, C'MON! [DMX] They call me, go against the grain, the swagger's reckless Since 12 smack a nigga, grab his necklace And the nigga gon' respect this, Dog come through like Deebo Ain't gotta touch his life but gettin paid off C-lo That's yo' man faggot, he know, go hard and get down Whenever Dog hit town, I shut shit down But I want it NOW, if I see it, I'ma take it And you better hope I don't want it all cause, I'll leave you naked I ain't never had to fake it, Dog come through with no gun I'll show somethin, I'm scared of no one, and I don't run I tell niggaz, X is back And it ain't where I'm at, it's what I'm givin niggaz, X is back C'MON! [DMX] They on that peep Dark whisperin, walk soft shit I'm a dog, course I recognize a bitch And I ain't speak cause I was actin funny nah, it's not what I'm about You just look mad different without a fuckin dick in your mouth Soon as I seen you I knew you was see-through, cause I seen through I ain't mean to, he made me hit him, that's what the thing do If we were big as our hearts you'd be, half my size I only fuck with the real Scarface and Nas Niggaz love to think the worst - but put what you think in this hand a pile of shit in the other, which one'll get filled up first? I stay remindin niggaz what the gun do Wherever I'm at niggaz don't come through, if they do they run through (c'mon!) [DMX - repeat 2X] (It ain't my fault) that on the mic, y'all niggaz suck (It ain't my fault) when shots go off, y'all niggaz duck (It ain't my fault) real niggaz run in circles around you (It ain't my fault) did the dirt but now the dirt found you [Outro: DMX] Niggaz is fuckin blind! Lookin without seein Walkin without bein Livin without breathin C'mon, y'all niggaz is, assed out son! Real talk, FUCK OUTTA HERE WITH THAT BULLSHIT MAN! Eh-deh-eh-eh {*8X*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DMX f/ Adreena Mills Album: Undisputed Song: Cold World Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Adreena Mills] Doesn't really get this cold in the summer Doesn't really get this dark in the day Boy they really turn they backs when you're talkin When they lay somebody else's head where you lay Though they find it easy to be hard I find it even harder to be easy You know sometimes I close my eyes and I wonder If I ever left how much you'd miss me Ohhh somebody told me, blood was thicker than water If a man can say that he can recognize his own daughter And if, hell is below would you pay the price to go Then I can make it to heaven for sure [Chorus 2X: Adreena Mills] Cause this is a cold worrrrrld, cold worrrrrrld Ohhh - if we make it this way Ohhh - but we don't like it this way [DMX] WHAT! ... WHAT! ... Cats don't know what they say when they talkin So I just let a nigga say what he feel Fuckin with the kid they gon' end up in a coffin Cause I'ma say what I gotta say with the steel Niggaz hatin cause I had a job I know it's they job to be hatin I'm a dog so I don't fuck with cats (nah) Cause they gon' have me livin in the state pen' 'til 'bout time I reacted (yeah!) Look at what y'all did to this rap shit (what!) Knowin niggaz is wrong, c'mon with the cat shit (c'mon!) Wack shit, get niggaz tore down, slapped quick BLAM, BLAM, BLAM! Go down, that quick Actin, like the, truth is gone Had 'em say, y'all deal with the, ruthless one This two-piece, leave your faggot ass toothless son I go hard, "Dog don't do it!" Too late, it's done Hold up~! I'ma show you why Dog is the illest, kill this You might not catch it, but you'll feel this (yeah!) The realest nigga that ever do it The realest nigga to ever go through it And y'all gon' bring me back to it! (woo!) Y'all gon' make me, lose my mind (yeah!) Middle name is grind, came from crime Thought I would change with time? Niggaz don't know me Let your man hold somethin, you ain't got it? Nigga show me [Adreena Mills] The tunnel looks brighter from behind but you gotta keep movin (movin) movin (movin) Because if life stops spinnin in the right direction who's losin (losin) losin (losin) See in the night, I pray to keep me breathin To see another day to give 'em somethin to believe in Cause I know it won't always be this way when you're tryin hard to make a change The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DMX f/ MGK (Machine Gun Kelly) Album: Undisputed Song: I Don't Dance Typed by: Rive_Ballin @ Hotmail [DMX] Y'all lookin' for names, I'm lookin' for beats Y'all lookin' for fame, I live in the streets Y'all talk the talk, but I walk the walk School street, home of the brave, NEW YORK Y'all make movies, but I make moves Straight up, y'all got somethin' to prove Y'all niggas duck, but I swing back Y'all niggas run, but I bring gats Y'all niggas whisper, "X is a crackhead" Aight fuck it, I'mma just crack heads I bang niggas that cross the line Y'all niggas talk shit from way behind I stand my ground, but y'all niggas don't Shit I go to jail, but y'all niggas won't Y'all niggas walk around and get scared But I don't give a fuck, I don't care [DMX] I ain't a dancing nigga, I just move to the beat Sit there and nod my head but won't move my feet Gangsta, so I'm holdin' up the walk That dancing shit up to the rest of y'all I ain't a dancing nigga, I just move to the beat Sit there and nod my head but won't move my feet Gangsta, so I'm holdin' up the walk That dancing shit up to the rest of y'all [Machine Gun Kelly] Kells get it crackin', y'all play chess Kells gets to scrappin' and y'all just flex(?) Why is y'all rappin, when I got next You roll with them and I'll rock with X Eastside motherfucka, Cleveland Brown Burning leaves in the gutta, make it Cleveland loud All I know is when the beefs on, the beast comes out EST is in the buildin, we run this town Ruff Ryders, you got a problem come find us Hop up like the sand now right behind ya Like where the cheese ??? fuck lasagna Pair of shoes size bags, who's stuffed inside 'em Grimey, bare hand, no tool beside me I don't talk online, hater come here find me Me against the world, underdogs new Rocky Givin a fuck if anyone co-sign me likes that uh! [DMX] I ain't a dancing nigga, I just move to the beat Sit there and nod my head but won't move my feet Gangsta, so I'm holdin' up the walk That dancing shit up to the rest of y'all I ain't a dancing nigga, I just move to the beat Sit there and nod my head but won't move my feet Gangsta, so I'm holdin' up the walk That dancing shit up to the rest of y'all [DMX] Y'all niggas is pussy, straight up ass I keep that thing, and I'll blast Letcha man know, he don't wanna push me Remember, it's you not me that's pussy Y'all niggas walk light on your toes I come through hard, kickin' down doors I spit a mean 16 without a pause Then let 16 go just because You in it for the dough, I'm in it for life You in jail beatin' your dick I'm fuckin' your wife I bring the drama, I bring the noise Kidnap yo mama, bring her to the boys I make shit happen with one word You take shit laughin' nigga, you's a bird I take niggas for everything they got That's why I'm the dog and you not [DMX] I ain't a dancing nigga, I just move to the beat Sit there and nod my head but won't move my feet Gangsta, so I'm holdin' up the walk That dancing shit up to the rest of y'all I ain't a dancing nigga, I just move to the beat Sit there and nod my head but won't move my feet Gangsta, so I'm holdin' up the walk That dancing shit up to the rest of y'all The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DMX f/ Dani Stevenson Album: Undisputed Song: Sucka for Love Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Dani Stevenson - repeat 4X] Doin me, like you do Cause I know, that's what you do [Intro: DMX] Grrrrrrr... yo, I mean You gon' fuck with the kid, fuck with the kid I ain't got time to be, playin games and, real talk Never been a sucka for love So if it come down to you and me you know, I don't give a fuck The next bitch like "What's up?" Cause at the end of the day, you ain't never been nuttin but a nut [Chorus: DMX] I ain't never been a sucka for love So if it come down to you and me, you know, I don't give a fuck Hook the next bitch like "What's up?" Cause at the end of the day, you ain't never been nuttin but a nut [DMX] Listen boo, you's a bitch, been a bitch You know how niggaz do, run up in a bitch Fuck her well, then a bitch'll call them bitches Within a week or two I'm fuckin all them bitches A nigga gotta fall back and take a breather Shorty suck a mean dick, but in the morning I gotta leave her Wasn't tryin to deceive her, I just wanted my dick sucked She cute as a muh'fucker, and she got a BIG BUTT! Now I'm like, what do I do from here? Cause she actin like she ain't tryin to go nowhere I ain't really tryin to get attached to this bitch It's Friday, I just want some ass in this bitch Can't be mad at me, I'm just doin what niggaz do Got kids by HIM, and you wanna be a nigga's BOO? What, REALLY? Oh you think it's like THAT? OKAY~! I'll be right back [Chorus] - 2X w/ Dani ad libs [DMX] It was summertime, I was in the slumps Seen that chick from before, I was like "What's up?" Remember me? I was that kid It was you her and me, we just did what we did How you expect me to respect you when I know at least five other niggaz that you gave sex to? I ain't never been a sucker So if you THINK SO, you got the wrong motherfucker Grrrrrr, what's my name? Ah, ah, BITCH! What's my name? You know what the fuck it is I'm a real nigga that's gon' handle his! [Chorus] - 2X w/ Dani ad libs [DMX] + (Dani Stevenson) I like the way the beat hits Oooh, this that street shhhh Shorty can you keep a secret? (Yes) You the one I'm tryna creep with (ooooh) Grrrr, c'mon, car's outside Hotel up the block, jump in the ride You and me for the, rest of the night It's all good, click (turn off the lights) Uh, back it up like that, girl Ooooh, that ass is fat, girl (you like that?) We almost there baby! (ooooh) AHH SHIT! YEAH BABY!! [Chorus] - 4X w/ Dani ad libs The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DMX f/ Rachel Taylor Album: Undisputed Song: I Get Scared Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Intro: DMX] Uh-oh, uh-oh (grr, grr, grr, grr) Uh-oh, uh-oh (grr, grr, grr, grr) OH MY GOD! (grrrrrrrrr, shhh) [Rachel Taylor] + (DMX) I, I get scared, when it comes (when it comes) But I know, I'm gon-na be, alright I get scared, when it comes (when it comes) (But I know I'm gonna be alright) [Chorus: DMX] + (Rachel Taylor) I, get scared - I get scared when it comes (when you're gooooone) But I know I'm gonna be alright I, get scared (I get scared) when it comes (when you're gooooone) But I know I'm gonna be alright [DMX] Y'all don't know, things I know Where I've been and, where I go Y'all don't know cause y'all can't see Look, you do you, let me be me Y'all don't know the, pain I felt or, how I play the cards I was DEALT Y'all don't know what you're talkin about! So y'all, need to stop RUNNIN YOUR MOUTH! BECAUSE [Chorus] w/ variations [DMX] I get down for real, all I know is one way Sunday to Sunday, only game is gunplay And I know that one day, I'm gon' get it Until I get it... get it We gets it in like a fat bitch cookin Like a nosy bitch that's lookin Been had the gauge huntin, since the age 11 Niggaz think you on stage you frontin - look here I'm that nigga, if I knock on your door You gon' look in my eyes and be like, "Dog, what's wrong?" You feel it like I feel it, somethin in the air Wait, c'mere, yeah it's comin from right THERE! [Chorus] w/ variations [Rachel Taylor] I, I get scared, when it comes But I know, I'm gon-na be, alright I get scared when you're gooooooooooooooone I'm gonna be alright I'm gonna be alright (gonna be alright) [Chorus] w/ variations [DMX] I know they love me real, so why pretend? Make a nigga take it back to where it all began I mean, even we went, yeah it's that bad Don't let me catch you slippin, yeah I'm THAT MAD! When the Dog come through and there's no cats to trace I'm sure there's somethin else to try to take off his face Yeah you was in the wrong place, at the wrong time I'm takin everything you got, I want it ALL MINE How a nigga gon' stop me when, I don't Stop for signs Yeah you got mine, don't start lyin Understand a nigga tryin, but don't stop it from happenin But I guess they won't GET IT, until I start clappin! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DMX Album: Undisputed Song: Slippin' Again Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [DMX - repeat 2X] That's what it is baby It's straight biz baby We ain't kids baby (WHAT!) We get down like that [Chorus 2X: DMX] Slippin and fallin It's how they got a nigga callin up to the Lord cause I'm crawlin All my niggaz cause I'm tired of, slippin and fallin [DMX] Check it; more money, more problems I thought more money would solve 'em I spent more money in Harlem then Frank Lucas did before the boys got him (WHAT!) Oooh, now shit done changed How I'm feelin, shit looks strange (YEAH!) I realized that, shit ain't the same (uhh!) Cause at the end of the day shit ain't a game (c'mon!) Nigga goin through it but I slipped and fell Went to the hood, took a trip to hell Did what I should, so while my shit sell Always know I could, so I did well! [DMX] Check it; if y'all only knew what, my life is like and what I'm goin through Maybe you'd THINK before you talk (OKAY~!) You gotta crawl before you walk (C'MON!) Think havin money is the answer? Money ain't nothin but another form of cancer All you could do is watch me die You don't wanna, watch me try so watch me, BYE! What you gon' do is watch me fly Do my thing on that big stage in the sky Lord, PLEASE, hold me down (C'MON!) Cause now everybody wanna know me now [DMX] PLEASE HELP ME! (WHAT!) WHICH WAY DO I GO? Life's a book, which page do I show? Cause I KNOW, you can't show 'em all Even though I stripped and fell I won't fall GET IT? Okay, you don't Some of y'all WILL but most of y'all won't But I'ma keep livin life bein the man that God made me Cause I know, only He can save me [Chorus] - 2X [Outro: DMX] AHHHHHHHHHHHHH!! I wish, I wish! (can you help me?) AHH, I wish you knew! (I don't wanna fall, I don't wanna fall, I don't wanna fall) I WISH YOU FUCKIN KNEW! (please help me) I WISH (I don't wanna fall) I WISH YOU KNEW! (ahh-ahh) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DMX Album: Undisputed Song: Prayer Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [DMX] Lord Jesus; you have brought me from a place so dark to the point, where I can now feel love in my heart And I know it's just a start, and there is more to come So now I embrace it, when I used to run Didn't know what I was running from or, running towards 'Til one day I saw it, I was running for the Lord And when I came back, you accepted me with open arms and said, "All is forgiven," and I became so strong that, I can fight off the Devil with the spoken word SAYING, "Devil I rebuke you," that's all that was heard Cause no matter what I've been through, I could deal with it Because of what I went through, I was still fitted with the armor, that comes with the blood of Jesus Among evil and suffering, He sees us But when you're LOST, He will lead the flock to find the one Just like any father trying to find his son And let me remind you, no matter where you're at He will FIND you! And help you put the enemy behind you LORD GIVE ME A SIGN! Please let me know you're here Or at least, let me know, you're near Remind me to call you, when we need you Remind me to call you, because we all need to AND GIVE US THE STRENGTH TO MAKE IT THROUGH JUST ONE MORE DAY! IN JESUS MIGHTY NAME WE PRAY! Amen The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DMX Album: Undisputed Song: I'm Back Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  * sample of "Loving You the Second Time Around" by Eddie Kendricks repeats throughout [Chorus: sample] + (DMX) "Yeahhhhhhh, yeah-yeah" (let these motherfuckers know!) "I'm back! To hold you" (uh, uh, uh, uh, let 'em know!) "I'm back! To hold you" (uh, uh, uh, uh, let 'em know!) "I'm back! To hold you" (uh, uh, uh, then give it to me like!) "Yeahhhhhhh, yeah-yeah" "I'm back!" [DMX] I flip to the tracks to get to the wax Let these fuckin cowards know I ain't slip through the cracks Dog back on the scene makin a bunch of noise You know you're the wrong man, cause I break boys Man these niggaz is toys but, I don't play with 'em So, if you got guerillas with guns, stay with 'em! Cause muh'fucker we'll bang for war But we don't keep them things in drawers, when it rains it pours Cold, blooded killers, the murders is senseless To I.D. we'll need forensics, or a dentist Fuck with D-O-G and you will be straight up, D.O.A. so R.I.P. Look, real niggaz slip but bounce right back Went from a ounce to a brick like that Camera's always on so nigga might act Like you wanna fight, 'til I fight back I'm back! [DMX] Scratch 'til the death, I'm a go-getter Let them rounds go and download more than Twitter Slugs big as my finger collect four in your vest And we'll still be able to play Connect Four on your chest Or I could, hit him in the mouth and make this bastard taste nothin but lead, told you, I'm a basket case! They call me acid face, cause I spit lava You're better off smackin your father but don't bother We, career criminals, we rob niggaz Double R for life, we mob niggaz Bitch niggaz do what you do, suck a dick Fuckin faggot, you BEEN on some sucka shit I'm BACK up in yo' face, up in yo' grill Gettin back up in that ass with a license to kill Tell your mans and them to chill, if they don't want what you got They thought they was fuckin with a gangsta but you not! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DMX Album: Undisputed Song: Have You Eva Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  "Oooooh, have you ever... ohh!" {*Freddie Jackson sample repeats throughout*} [Intro: DMX] Uhh, grrrrr They're not ready for this They're not ready for this one right here Yo, I mean - aiyyo This that real shit, I mean That's all I do, get it right! This is that! Okay? This is that! [DMX] Have you ever got up smilin, laid down cryin First love life then, wish you were dyin Bitch so fed up, you gave up tryin Kept it straight up, but niggaz kept lyin You ever see somethin that you wanted so bad and got it, then wished it was somethin you never had Have you ever been so lost and thought you wouldn't make it Have you ever been forced into somethin and couldn't take it Have you felt so strong for so long but when it came down to it turned out to be so wrong Done with yourself all like, "Where did I go wrong?" Just get back up, pray on it, and go on [Chorus 2X: DMX] Ever been up (UP) ever been down (DOWN) Ever been lost (LOST) then came around (AROUND) Ever been through it (THROUGH IT) then came out of it (OUT OF IT) Never had it (HAD IT) then get a lot of it [DMX] Have you ever wanted to go right, then chose left Deep down wanted life, to where he chose death Burned in the night but in the day he'd show strength Regardless of what you think, I'm goin to the left Have you ever wished upon a star that really wasn't there You gaze so in your heart but, really didn't care Found out at the wrong time that life wasn't fair And all you can do is take it like, "Yeah" Ever found out that the shit you was in made you even deeper It's your mans tryin to creep ya Knock your block off, put your ass in a sleeper Used to be my dawg, now he's the Grim Reaper! [DMX] Have you ever seen somethin that you didn't wanna see Had to be somethin that you didn't wanna be Had to kill a nigga that look just like me Wanted to believe but had to trust like me I've seen the dark, I've seen the light I've seen the day, I've seen the night I've seen the wrong, I've seen the right I've seen the struggle, I've seen the fight! [Chorus] - repeat 2X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DMX Album: Undisputed Song: Get Your Money Up Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Intro: DMX] Uh, this that shit right here Grrrrr... WOO!! Yo, aiyyo It's about the culmination (ABOUT TO GO DOWN!) It's about! It's about! It's about [DMX] Bark if you want nigga I gots to let you know, I got them things that'll get you gone nigga When it's on nigga, we call it backfire We air niggaz out, it's like a flat tire We some grown men, on some grown shit On some, "you best leave me the fuck alone" shit We get it on quick, you know what type of shit this is But we ain't gettin drunk cause we don't need no witnesses FUCK YOU to the judge, FUCK YOU to the police Fuck the snitch in his fuckin ass, with no grease We don't want no peace, war 'til we die And we gon' get it in 'til we fall or we fly [Chorus 2X: DMX] Get your money up! (What!) Get your paper right! (Yeah!) Get your money up! (What!) Get your paper right! (Yeah!) Get your money up! (What!) Get your paper right! (Yeah!) And watch a nigga do his thing for real, AIGHT? [DMX] Back on the grind, back on the clock Comin back for mine, back on the block The kid is, back with the Glock to stick niggaz up Here that meat wagon come pick niggaz up What nigga, WHAT? You keep a dick in yo' mouth I'm from New York, but I'm STILL the shit in the South Muh'fuckers don't want no bark with Dog And I ain't got no friend for, all of y'all Look, shit now here gon' change nigga, for real! Red dot on yo' brain nigga, for real! I ain't got time for the bullshit Y'all niggaz is mutts, I'm a full Pit on my way to the pulpit! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DMX Album: Undisputed Song: Head Up Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Intro: DMX] I just wish we all understood, the beauty, of music... Grrrrr, just listen [Chorus 2X: singers] + (DMX) Keeeeeep (YEAH!) your heeeeead (WHAT!) To the skyyyyyyyy (uhh, uhh, uhh, uhh, C'MON!) [DMX] When I think I don't deserve it - I think about Jesus and the fact that he was perfect and he thinks that I'm worth it I know I got a purpose So when I don't like what I see in the mirror, I learn to look past the surface Believe me God heard this, cause these words came from my heart I was in pain, it was dark! Then came the spark to light down the road and let me know, He would lighten up my load And it's gon' get greater, later God only wants the BEST for me but the devil's a hater I can see his eyes through the smiles of fake friends Y'all think hate wins, just keep waitin! At the end of the day who's will will you think will prevail? Or will you live to tell? Miracle after miracle'll come through The spiritual individual is IN you! [DMX] Lord if you hear me, you know that I'm comin to you sincerely I need you near me, please feel me I'm sick and I need for you to heal me I'm lost and lookin for the real me, I'm tired and weary Haven't been able to see things clearly Even though I know you love me DEARLY, I still get leery! So where does that leave me? Lost and alone Wanna call God but it's like I lost my phone Every DAY is a struggle, cause I juggle my problems Need to let go and let God cause only He can solve 'em I'm tired of lyin to myself! Thinkin I can do it on my own But when I get left alone is when the devil sneaks in and creeps in Knocks on the door lightly and creaks in And it's usually around the weekend Then I get reckless and jump off the deep end! [Chorus] - repeat 2X [singer] Keeeeeep your heeeeead, to the skyyyyyyyy {*repeat to the end*} [Outro: DMX] Man, man, man This, is somethin special Keep your head to the sky He didn't bring me this far to let me go And that's, just what it is {*growls*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DMX Album: Undisputed Song: Frankenstein Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Intro] ARF, ARF, ARF, ARF (AIYYO!) [DMX] Started off in the dog cause a child'll play with it Started off with the fog, I was wild, I stay with it Now I got a dark side, they call it a monster Cause it comes out when it wants ta If you knew half of what I did the nightmares would haunt ya And nigga I'ma get ya, I warned ya AHHH! Run up on ya like I own ya life Whether it's wrong or right it's on tonight! [Chorus 2X: DMX] WE GON' TEAR SHIT UP! (What!) TEAR SHIT UP! (What!) TEAR SHIT UP! (What!) GET IT! WE GON' TEAR SHIT UP! (What!) TEAR SHIT UP! (What!) TEAR SHIT UP! LET'S GO! [DMX] Aiyyo Cavi' this joint is bananas It made for niggaz with bandannas to cock and pop hammers Niggaz'll gang bang, pull out and bang bang Wipe it off, break it down, get rid of the thang thang We gets it in from the club to the hood And after a few drinks, up to no good It's not a fuckin game, make sure it's understood Forget and your man'll be knockin on wood [DMX] We walk these dogs like we got leashes on 'em Before your mans is wrapped the police is on 'em Got him laid up in a casket and the priest is on 'em Y'all bitch niggaz go down when the streets is on 'em I be talkin to them, just be bumpin old men Give a FUCK if you on one, I'm on ten And if we got a problem I'ma let you know then And I'm gon' win, cause I go in! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DMX Album: Undisputed Song: Ya'll Don't Really Know Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Intro] Aight, uhh Yo Scar, what up baby? Aight, I see you my nigga! LET'S GO! (OWW!) [Chorus 4X: DMX] Y'all don't really know Theyyyyy don't really know [DMX] Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! Check it Sky's the limit so I'm reachin for the stars I'm, tired of bein the nigga that they keep behind bars What's good, you got it? I'ma take yours I'm hood, FUCK a gun, I break jaws Understood, there's nothin to, bang for the cause And I should, cause you frontin, bang with the fours Rats playin in the walls, cats playin in the halls But niggaz know, after certain hours stay indoors Cause, I'm not responsible for, what I might do or, what might happen if, Dog come through It's, gon' be a problem cause, man if I catch him I'ma rob him PLEASE, SOMEBODY STOP HIM! But for that it's too late, I gotta eat, you ate You straight, I ain't gon' take it all, today You can say what you want but y'all know the truth X is a beast in the streets and the booth nigga [DMX] Beast on a track like Wolverine I'm a Pitbull but got wolves on the team It ain't what it seems, so don't get it twisted I'ma let you know just in case cats missed it Got me fucked up, thought that I fell off Now niggaz wanna ride dick, get the hell off C'mon chulo, we both know you culo I know, and you know that you don't wanna do no beefin for real, nigga I sleep with the steel Keepin shit real, I creep shit still Ain't nothin changed but the date and the year Niggaz make threats cause they hate that I'm here The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DMX f/ Kashmere, Ashley Williams Album: Undisputed Song: I Got Your Back Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Intro: DMX] Uhh, see, the Dog I know you heard it before but, ha ha This is that, that, Bonnie and Clyde LET'S GO! [Chorus 2X: Ashley Williams] He got my back, I got him I can't walk this dog without him He won't be the same without me Down for whatever and that's how it's gon' be [Interlude: Ashley Williams] Don't get discouraged if your dreams don't come true I got your back and I'm gon' be there for you When the stress is too much and you don't know what to do I got your back and I'm gon' be there for you, ohhhh-ohhh [DMX] Shorty got my back, like a jacket Hold me down, when I can't hack it Bringin the paper, she stack it Walkin together, with the ratchet, mami gon' snatch it Drop the ball and she catch it, that's how we do Bonnie and Clyde, nigga this how we do She down for the ride, nigga this how we do 'Til a nigga die, that's how we do [Interlude] [Kashmere] + (DMX) Yo, I hold him down like nobody else So when it's time to ride I'm by his side, he don't count on nobody else Run up in the spot with the hammers Hoodies, sweats and bandannas, just take with them cameras Get what we came for (c'mon, let's get goin!) Cause when it come to that paper (we get it on!) I'm here for him cause I know he need that And I'ma be by his side 'til the day that I die, believe that [DMX] When it rains it pours, my pain to yours POP with the mop and bleach so it stains the floors We gon' clean up the mess we made Roll out and live good for the rest of our days She got me and, I got her Still get up in that pussy like, grrrrr We don't even currrr, put that behind us Cops is lookin for us let the motherfuckers find us [Interlude] - 2X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DMX f/ Adreena Mills Album: Undisputed Song: No Love Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Intro: DMX] This is music This is in my heart I mean, I can't even explain it This, is music And I love, music Grrrrrrr [Chorus 2X: DMX] + (Adreena Mills) If I can't fuck with you for real (no love) Then I can't fuck with you at all (no love) And that means y'all (you ain't got no love) When you get caught up, don't even call And don't worry about me cause I'm gon' ball [DMX] Cats city ridin, halfway through it They be like, "I'm not gon' be able to do it!" Just last week wasn't, really nuttin to it Cats full of shit, sad, I knew it (damn!) You know what it is, save all the rappin It's like, watchin a movie knowin what's gon' happen Check it~! You do you, I'll do me Dog gon' be alright, you'll see (aight!) Been down this road before, I'm sure This is a battlefield and I'm built for war (c'mon!) Ain't nothin new to an O.G. Bullshit, troubles, hard times, they all know me (WHAT!) Been there, the dick riders, the insiders (yeah!) The ones that we let get in right beside us Keepin friends close, enemies closer, I GOT IT! Now I put 'em all in one pocket (c'mon!) [DMX] I wish I could believe you (I wish) I WANNA count on you You NEVER gotta worry about me runnin out on you After thinkin about it I see what it was for It took the snake to make me trust more I TRUST you to stab me in the back I TRUST you to start runnin your mouth, soon as I walk out (WHAT!) I TRUST you to steal from me and lie to me (WHY!) Actin like we love each other, WHY DO WE?! (WHY!) Everything ABOUT you is crooked, look it Fed a nigga some bullshit, and I took it That's what I get, I'm old school fuckin with a hybrid Most of you talkin 'bout, "Try this" Fool me once, shame on you (okay!) Fool me twice, you did what you supposed to do Ain't never even THOUGHT about bitin the hand that feeds me (BUT!) But y'all motherfuckers is GREEDY! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DMX Album: Undisputed Song: Already Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Intro: DMX] Grrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr See this is what the fuck we do I-I been seein what y'all do, but it ain't Awwww fuck it, let's hit it! [DMX] Cats is runnin they mouth (ALREADY) 'Til they get that dirt in they mouth (ALREADY) Now what's all the frontin about? (ALREADY) Thought I wasn't comin in that house? (ALREADY) Now they sing a whole different tune (ALREADY) Ever since that thing went BOOM (ALREADY) Every hood, I'm that dude (ALREADY) Ghetto pass stay gettin renewed (ALREADY) Y'all know how the Dog moves (ALREADY!) I ain't got a damn thing to prove (ALREADY) What's my motherfuckin name? (ALREADY) It's NOT a fuckin GAME! (ALREADY) C'MON! {*echoes*} [Chorus 2X: DMX] It's somethin I do, ain't got nothin to do with the frontin you do, or your funky ass crew Fuck what you think, fuck what you say Cause, I'ma be the Dog all DAY! (all DAY!) [DMX] Hold up, shit went to the left! (ALREADY) Lyin with every motherfuckin breath! (ALREADY) Y'all must think niggaz is stupid (ALREADY) With that bullshit that YOU did? (ALREADY) C'mon, we all saw right through that (ALREADY) Try this but don't do that (ALREADY) You can't do this but don't do that (ALREADY) MAN, that's why I ain't comin at you black! (ALREADY) This whole rap shit fell apart (ALREADY!) Gotta take it back to the start (ALREADY) Kickin real shit from the heart (ALREADY) Ask God, at first it was dark (ALREADY) C'MON! {*echoes*} [DMX] Cats wanna rap but can't write (ALREADY) Niggaz is divas that can't fight (ALREADY) Grown men still suckin dick (ALREADY) Niggaz more bitch than a bitch! (ALREADY) Wannabe gangsta and a snitch (ALREADY) What part of the game is this? (ALREADY) Y'all know how I get down (ALREADY!) Ring bells when I hit town (ding, ding, ding, ding!) Straight up, I lay shit down (ALREADY) What BITCH? I'll lace shit now! (ALREADY) Dog off the leash again (ALREADY) Ask around in the streets I'ma win! (ALREADY) C'MON! {*echoes*} [Outro: DMX] Big Yates, down in {?} Big Swole, I'm here baby Hit 'em all, down in New Orleans I ain't forget about you dawg, HAH! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DMX f/ Kashmere Album: Undisputed Song: Fire Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  * samples of "Put Out My Fire" by Lamont Dozier plays throughout [Intro: DMX] Uh, uh, uh, uh, grrrrr Grrrrrr, WHAT~! Uh, uh, uh, uh, uh [DMX] I love music cause it's somethin special I just have the words and when I'm done, I bet you it'll make you easier to cope with the pressure in dark, cause you think the light won't let ya Right now all I see is shapes and sounds You snake you clown that's why I shake you down Got somethin I want, I'ma take it now It is what it is, you cryin like "How I'ma make it now?" Get the FUCK off your knees, I don't swing like that! Cause when I let it go I let it go, I throw that thing right back Man, I can smell pussy from a mile away Nigga yo' style is shade so, put the smile away Niggaz actin like I'm the only one with problems You know somethin I don't? Fuck it, let's solve 'em And at my worst you not even HALF of me Which is one reason why you'll always be AFTER me FAGGOT! [Interlude: Kashmere] Oh my God! No matter how hard I try I just can't get away from it I got so much fire built up inside of me But when it's time to let it go I got one thing to give and one thing only YO DOG! [Kashmere] Hot bars is the only thing these muh'fuckers gettin It's time to show these niggaz Dog ain't raised a fuckin kitten Eat twenty niggaz like a 20-piece bucket of chicken Ain't on my level snowflake, who the fuck is you kiddin? The hottest chick in the game is what I am still Fire hot enough to burn your whole entire grill And believe me, them third-degree burns are hard to heal I'll have you wishin you liestened to Fire Marshal Bill You can't take the fire that I'm bringin y'all I'll have yo' ass beggin for a fire extinguisher And all your mans, lookin at you like damn hoes I'm hot enough to burn the flesh off your damn bones So for you niggaz be claimin that you got heat And claimin that you're the best and the next to eat I'll be next to X or next to Grease with bars that'll hit you like a bottle of Texas Pete [DMX] WHAT~! Don't start what you can't deal with Cause I'm a nigga that still get all up baby, real shit I'm a dog for real, I beast on niggaz Take it back to the streets on niggaz, feast on niggaz Open a bottle of liquor, pop a can of beer Pour out the first sip for the homies that ain't here Because you know in your heart they still right there It is what it is, at times life ain't fair You ain't me so what I'm 'bout to do to this rap shit will have some real niggaz on some "excuse my back" shit Wish a nigga would, wish a nigga could Regardless of what you think, a nigga's still good So easy to, kill a nigga Especially when you don't, feel a nigga Can't see the, real in a nigga We don't know about Gucci, we don't know about Prada But what we do know is we gon' do what we gotta NIGGA! WHAT~! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DMX Album: Undisputed Song: Fuck U Bitch Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  {*ad libs for first 18 seconds*} [DMX] Uh, uh, uh, uh, fuck you bitch Straight up, don't give a fuck about you bitch He can't get off without you bitch And he get ghost, took off like somethin ain't right But I really feel this bitch is, frontin ain't right So I, walk with it like THIS but try to get it like THAT You still lookin like THIS, supposed to be like THAT If you told me but you know me I'ma do what the fuck I want regardless It all depends on where nigga your heart is Peep the bullshit, not much so I'm like "I guess" But I had to clean it up cause, well it's my mess You knew you was fuckin with a dog But you don't wanna be a bitch, stupid bitch! You fuckin with a dog! [Chorus 2X: DMX] But things don't go the way they supposed And this bitch gettin me back in my clothes And I'm gon' get on the road and do what the dog do ARF ARF! Your whole crew [DMX] Okay okay, if that's what you say And that's how you move, if that's how you play See, I'm a thorough nigga, basically what I do is if I got one I make sure you got two BUT, then again if bitches is chickens Just somethin for me to stick my dick in Then I, gut bitches out, slut bitches out Nut in bitches mouth, put bitches out First man get down, last man go hard Fuck bitches then I +Hump-free+ like Bogart "X is so hard!" Yeah, all night Cause it's all good baby, it's alright DMX] No matter how much shit you go through, if the love is true At the end of the day, what the fuck you gon' do but deal with it, c'mon let's be real with it You see a bad bitch but you still there so you still hit it! Who wouldn't? Shit I know I would And I keep her givin me head, cause I could Then make me somethin to eat, so I'm good Without even gettin adjusted, I'M SO HOOD! C'mon ma, when you gon' stop the shit? What I tell you to do, you do the opposite What up, we playin games for what? This shit for real Let me know ma, what the deal? REAL TALK BITCH! [Chorus] - repeat 2X [DMX] Bitch fuck your crew, straight up The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DMX f/ Jannyce Album: Undisputed Song: Love That Bitch Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Intro: DMX] Hey you see This the shit, I be talkin 'bout, know'msayin? When you don't know, what the fuck is really good know'msayin? You feel one way, but you know you gotta walk the other way [Chorus: DMX] Aiyyo dawg, listen I love that bitch Cause of some bullshit I don't trust that bitch Cause of the kid I'm stuck with that bitch But my niggaz like, "Yo FUCK THAT BITCH!!" [DMX] Aiyyo it's like this man, shorty got a kid on some drunk after the club shit, we done did All week bitches got me hittin the Remy, full throttle By the time I finish the bottle them bitches is models Let me break it down like this, here's what happened I was y'know, tryin to fuck and, once I get to rappin We at the crib, bitches leave they panties on the doorknob Puff somethin, ten minutes later we on the floor hard AH! AH! Huffin and puffin She screamed it more cause she can't get enough of the lovin Now, look where it got us, nine months later Baby is born and I'm realizin I hate her [Chorus] - 2X [DMX] "YOU DON'T GOTTA CHILL WITH HER!" Man, they don't know I'm still with her cause I'm tryin to see the baby grow That's just the pops in me, see I ain't never had one And now that I am a father I don't wanna be a bad one As shorty get older, how do I explain that I really can't stand his mother? She a pain! And I never really liked the bitch, out the gate It was those two bottles of Remy, plus it was gettin late Now I ain't say I ain't had nothin to do or to blame Man I'm the Dog, bitches stay screamin my name She knew it was a fuck thing, she ain't my wife So why I gotta pay for her for the rest of my life? [Chorus] - 2X [DMX] Child support? You're killin me! But it gets worse Moms got a thirst that'll get her put in a hearse Some say it's like a curse, the way she got me locked down It feel like I'm trapped and I'm tryin to get out now From the beginnin, shit was cool Check it, a nigga was hungry and this bitch was food And I, wanted to eat 'til the Dog got full Cause I knew how I felt and the things that I would do Bust it~! From the beginnin you had my mind goin Look forward to seein you every time knowin Couldn't see shit cause, love was blind Fuck it, that liquor is what gets you blind REAL TALK! [Chorus] - 2X [Jannyce] + (DMX) I told you so (yo dawg, listen I love that bitch) Not to fool with hoes (but I don't trust that bitch) Cause that's the way it goes (but I'm stuck with that bitch) I told you so (my niggaz like, "Man fuck that bitch") I told you so (aiyyo dawg, listen I love that bitch) Not to fool with hoes (but I don't trust that bitch) Cause that's the way it goes (but here I'm stuck with that bitch) I told you so (now niggaz like, "Man fuck that bitch") [Outro: DMX] Bitch! Fuckin bitch, bitch! Fuckin bitch, stupid bitch Stanky bitch, fuckin bitch! Bitch, punk ass bitch Ugly bitch, bitch, fuckin nerves hate you bitch Fuck that bitch, bitch! Artist: DMX, Method Man, Nas, Ja Rule Album: Belly soundtrack Song: Grand Finale Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [DMX - dialogue] I ain't goin back to jail Next time, the County or the State see me it's gonna be in a bag UHH! This is it baby! End of the road, ha hah! When you a dawg, you a dawg for life! You don't hear me though, you don't hear me though You don't hear me though, c'mon, c'mon! [Method Man] Watch them young guns that take none, nobody safe from the Friday the 13th, ghetto Jason Itchy trigger finger achin, snatch yo' ass out that S-Class for fakin, forty-fo' blast is a bloodbath, take your first step down a thug path Ain't no love here, just slugs here Kids know the half you get plugged here, that's just impossible for the weak to last now behold the unstoppable Third eye watchin you, watchin me Throwin rocks from the penalty box, cop a plea Young G we was born to die, don't cry for me Just keep the heat closely and ride for me Cause we family for better or worse, you and I from the dirt, you snatch purse, so hard it hurt to be here, and each year, I'm pourin out more beer for deceased peers, holdin fort Police line 'Do Not Cross', they found his corpse in the loft with the head cut off, and butt naked Homicide the crime Method, add another killer verse to the murder record, the Grand Finale [Lennox speaking - movie dialogue] Who wan' test me, c'mon! Me shot pussy-hole fi fun [Nas Escobar] Hot corners, cops with warrants, every block is boring Friday night, getting bent, lick a poem My dawg, not even home a month yet, and blaze a girl in the stomach, he robbin niggaz who pumpin Lil' Blood got popped, by the Group Home cat Everybody nervous in the hood, pullin they gats Fiend yellin out, who got those? Go and see shorty snot-nosed, he don't floss but he got dough Thug faces, fugitives runnin from court cases Slugs shootin past for the love of drug paper Queens cap peelers, soldiers, drug dealers And God'll throw a beam of lightning down cause he feel us May the next one, strike me down if I'm not the realest The Mayor wanna call the SWAT team to come and kill us but, dawgs are friends, if one see the morgue, one'll live to get revenge, and we ride to the end Bravehearts blow the lye with Henn, and still rise Took alive with live men, my man got three six-to-eighteen's and only five in, the Belly of the beast Didn't wanna hear the shit I tried to tell him on the streets It's irrelevant, the beast love to eat black meat And got us niggaz from the hood, hangin off his teeth We slangin to eat, bringin the heat Bulletholes, razor scars is the pain in the street, huh Chorus: Ja Rule (repeat 2X) When you a dawg you a dawg for life (ride or die) My dawgs feel pain from love (see eye to eye) Give us one shot at life (let us fly) Come on niggaz! (we dawgs for life) [DMX and Lakid {dialogue}] There's mad money out here dawg Mad money out here What you tryin to get it? (Word up) You gonna bust your gun to get it? (Tsh, whatever yo) I hear you I hear you [DMX] Uhh, I've lost my grip on reality or so it would seem Pinch myself to wake up, cause I KNOW it's a dream Niggaz that don't know me see me and think I'ma rob em Niggaz that know me well see me and think I'ma problem I'm just a nigga that's misunderstood But word to God I turn your last name to Underwood Cause if I see it, I'ma take it and run with it, that's me What type of bullshit is this nigga on? That's D The dawg come and getcha outside The more blood flows, when I plug holes with the snub nosed Gun blows, bullets whistle, wouldn't miss you Hit you all up in your mouth like it tried to kiss you Drama, it's right here, how MUCH YOU NEED? Beat you down with gat see how MUCH YOU BLEED How MUCH YOU PLEAD, for your life, you was a killer And all the bitches comin up out that ass you feelin, gettin realer Now beg for your life, one more time, one more crime one more nine, c'mon cry nigga It's over! This is the shit, that hits hard You either the last one standing, or the last one to fall Chorus The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DMX, Sean Paul & Mr. Vegas Album: Belly Soundtrack Song: Top Shotter Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash, Wvarner@worldbank.org (via dancehallreggae.com) [DMX] Rrrrrgh, uh, uh-huh Uh.. uhh uhh, uh-huh Here comes the boom (8X) Here comes the boom! Boomin, bouncin Stalkin, must walk in, hawk get to pouncin Get em where it counts and, hit em like a mountain Spit em have em spittin out, blood like a fountain Don't look at me like that, we just might fight black And that fight, might end up in me takin your life back I don't, go for the bullshit, cause I've been down and time is, just too important to be fuckin around Talk nigga, I stomp a mudhole in your face Motherfucker, rip your butthole out of place Cock the glock to your head, let off about two in it Yeah it's a dirty job, but I just love doin in Here comes the boom (8X) [Mr. Vegas] All gangsta yout' me waan fi see yuh guns high Nuh see yatta? fi nuh fassy Cause a fassy nah try Make dem skins cry Marrow affi fly Splash it out inna di sky All gangsta yout' me waan fi see yuh guns high Nuh see yatta? fi nuh fassy Cause a fassy nah try Make dem skins cry Marrow affi fly Splash it out inna di sky [Sean Paul] From di dutty know dem, dem a totta Man a shotta Anna got a lot a power well Jus' tell me fi gwaan Marrow fly like storm Make dem affi get flatta [Mr. Vegas] Seh dese are di sweetest times [Sean Paul] Nuff punk a get murda, A only dutty cup di DMX an die do [Mr. Vegas] Enjoy the killing times [Sean Paul] Shot hotta dan peppa Mr. Cleva an mi glock it a guh talk fi mi crew [Mr. Vegas] All gangsta yout' me waan fi see yuh guns high Nuh see yatta? fi nuh fassy Cause a fassy nah try Make dem skins cry Marrow affi fly Splash it out inna di sky All gangsta yout' me waan fi see yuh guns high Nuh see yatta? fi nuh fassy Cause a fassy nah try Make dem skins cry Marrow affi fly Splash it out inna di sky [DMX] Here comes the boom (8X) [Mr. Vegas] Wha do da claffi dey And da bait ya Like a scared wretch wi leff dem fi later Wi keep goin on an on an on fill di body a ole juss like straina [Sean Paul] Suh make dem know wi have a shootin gallery Killin is fun an wi nuh need not a salary Full up a di hamma suh nuhbody cyaan falla we An wi nuh owe nuh apology, yo, well [DMX] I did more kinds of war crimes more times than in war times, went way before times You know what's sad man, that I'm such a mad man bad man, with that BOOM you never had man Here comes the boom (8X) [Mr Vegas] All gangsta yout' me waan fi see yuh guns high Nuh see yatta? fi nuh fassy Cause a fassy nah try Make dem skins cry Marrow affi fly Splash it out inna di sky [DMX] Here comes the boom (repeat to fade) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DMX Album: Black Gangster soundtrack Song: The Story Typed by: BaLpLaYa34@aol.com [DMX] I'm always talking shit, cause wherever I go I walk in shit And now they got me on some stalking shit Broad daylight, niggaz is crying, "But I don't want anyone to blast" So from the roof I pick em off like a scab And watch the slug bust a thug like a watermelon He shoulda thought about that before caught a terror And now another kid grows up without a daddy or a mommy Cause at the funeral I hit up the caddy,  it's the army for real niggaz with nothing to lose Cause when it's time to go you don't get to choose I make the muthafuckin rules and I enforce it,  shorty's people was loose hand so he lost it I took the joints and tossed them, in the river,  at the same spot that I dumped  This kid that didn't wanna give a nigga the combo, to the safe in the crib Look, money, that's why I did what I did {2 niggaz Talking.....} [DMX] Mad stressed and I'm about to have a breakdown It's time for pops who got the store on the corner to have get a shakedown He hasn't paid for protection in like two months So I figured I'd leave him wit like two fronts I break up shit to let him know that I'm real Reminder, I know where you live so don't squeal Told him, next time I come, Have some paper for me Don't fuck around and turn into another caper for me Cause though he's cool all that cool shit stops And I be in the crowd talking bout, "Yo who killed pops?" It's a shame, he was caught up in the game and couldn't play it So I smoked him, I asked him "who's the man" and made him say it Three times, and that's how many times I hit him A nigga was acting like he didn't have to pay so I did him Yo I think this shit is going to my head (for real) But let that be a lesson, don't pay dues and you dead {2 niggaz Talking.....} [DMX] A little birdie told me that the feds were on to me And they wanted to do something real wrong to me So I broke out, Blazed the L for a while Checked my sources and found my name was on file Under gun for hire and extortion, but yo I never use  The same joint twice as a precaution and I heard this kid tried to set me up He knew I knew so he tried to wet me up See he was under investigation for drugs They set up all types of phone taps and bugs Then when they bagged him, money went out, reprisent (he was my friend) Said they'd let him go, all he had to do was snitch And I know now he wish they would have kept him Cause it was sweet how I crept him, wet him up then left him And that's for mufuckas that don't know Go against the grain and you feel the pain Aight yo? The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DMX Album: Born Loser 12" (1993) Song: Born Loser Typed by: scott_rodkey@hotmail.com The born loser, not because I choose to be But because all the bad shit happens to me I got kids, but their mothers don't want them to know me Sisters used to like me but now they call me "homie" Used to have a family, now I'm out on my own Had to scrap with a pit because I tried to take his bone Bitches don't like me, they don't kiss me or hug me They call me "kill pretty" because I'm mad ugly I used to get pussy, but I busted off quick Now I gets none so I gotta beat my dick Times are hard in the ghetto, I gotta steal for a living Eating turkey-flavored Now & Laters for Thanksgiving If that ain't enough, life is rough I swear I don't have an address so I can't get welfare They kicked me out the shelter because they said I smelled a Little like the living dead and looked like Helter Skelter My clothes are so funky, they're bad for my health Sometimes at night my pants go to the bathroom by themself Even when I was little nothing went my way I got beat up and chased home from school every day And despite the fact I want all the brothers bees On my report card, I didn't get F's, I got C's But for those who choose to snooze Cause I was born with no hope, I got nothing to lose The born loser, a title I was branded with Went to Liberty Island, and got stranded with The Statue of Liberty, but they didn't really have to Leave my black ass there until the day after No time for laughter, this shit's for real Ribs are showing through my back cause I haven't had a meal In a week, you can see bones in my hands The raccoons beat me to the garbage cans I'm starving Marvin, and it shouldn't be like that The only thing that I'm carving is an alley cat But sometimes in the daytimes I dream of a Manwich But all I'm really eating is an oxygen sandwich For those that don't know, that's two pieces of bread strapped together Or I'll have a rain sandwich, depending on the weather Born Loser caught up in the game And I ain't even got nobody to blame The Born Loser, yeah, that used to me my M-O When I couldn't get a soul to listen to my demo Doors shut in my face until I started jamming them I'm behind the doors now and I'm the one slamming them I did what I had to to get where I got Though I'll admit what I had to do was a lot I gave it a shot, and sometimes I had to shoot Catching vics just to get a little loot I thought it was cute and didn't care who knew Mess around, get in my way and I'll bag you, too Cause I was born to lose straight from the beginning In the dugout because I struck out the first inning Winning was everything, that's why I had to Ask my man to find the loot, and he said "I'd be glad to" Now who needs a major label? We got our own I'm the Divine Master of the Unknown Ain't nothing changed, I'm the same as before When oppoertunity knocked I just answered the door Criminal at heart even though I don't show it I was always a winner but I just didn't know it Artist: DMX, Ol' Dirty Bastard, Ozzy Osbourne (w/ Crytal Method & Fuzzbubble) Album: Chef Aid - The South Park Album Song: Nowhere To Run Typed by: brians@compusmart.ab.ca [ODB] Fuck that shit, you know what I'm sayin'? I'm a give a shout out to my niggas I ain't givin' a shout to no-fuckin'-body, fuck that Big Baby Jesus in the mother fucking house Know what I'm sayin'? [DMX] Unh, come on I don't walk, I stalk, livin' foul like pork Shuttin' down underground streets of New York Hawk is what them niggas call me, 'cause they all be Suckin' my dick and on my mother fucking balls, G I know the half, so I laugh wit' 'em Blood bath went I let the fuckin' rap hit 'em Full clip, but only half did 'em That's all it took, another crook Taken out over a dirty look I bag game with niggas I leave shot dead You're only taken a piss from me with hot led You know my style faggot, 'cause I'm always schemin' In jail, niggas holdin' a sink screamin' Police, but you got no peace Yo, was that you big man, and alot mo' grease All I gets is pounds, you ain't want none of this Back streets are like track meets 'cause I be runnin' this [Chorus: Ozzy Osbourne] Ain't nowhere to run ('cause I be runnin' this) Ain't nowhere to hide (come on) Ain't nowhere to go ('cause I be runnin' this) Reaper saved your soul (come on) [Ozzy Osborune] Surroned by the colors, I see crimson, black and blue (come on) Locking open doors again, I'm still afraid of you (straight up, mother fucker) Light to dark, then light again, I always thought I knew (come on) Young to old and young again, what's left for me to do? (straight up) Center of the universe, collecting me in time (come on) I'm falling down upon the earth, and singing truth in rhyme (come on) If I was a rolling stone, I'd roll until I'm through (come on) And if I was a garden I would bloom in black for you (Dirt Dog in effect) [ODB] ahhhh, yi yi yi yi (come on) [ODB] ha ha ha ha ha ha ha What you mother fuckers invented Is the craziest nigga that ever been invented ha ha ha ha ha Most know, don't front on Ol' Dity Bastard ha ha ha ha  I call on Jesus There's no obstacles that you have to jump There's no walls that you have to climb This is real, this is elementary dear Elementary, Watson, Elementary ahhhhh I ain't no pictue on your fore wall, necklace wearin' beard You don't want this money till it's rich Buy my album, coded by Dirty, set you free Go against the grain, I got the p I know you don't recognize me now I dunked your tongue How many lightening bulbs do it take to light up a fuck mode? Brothers, people, you'd better get the fuck off of me We don't need it, it gets more ugly Fools tryin' to bust their ass Tryin' to get away from me when I said my real name I call myself in the niggas butthole All the same, all the same, all the same [Ozzy Osborune] Ain't nowhere to run Ain't nowhere to hide Ain't nowhere to go Reaper saved your soul [ODB] ahhh yi yi yi yi What, mother fucker? Don't try to psychology my shit, mother fucker 'cause you'll never psychology it, mother fucker Never, never, never, mother fucker, never The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Bloodline Records Kennel (DMX, Bazaar Royale, Big Stan, Kashmir) Album: Cradle 2 the Grave Soundtrack Song: Getting Down Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com * * send corrections to the typist [Intro: DMX] Grrrrrrr. Gettin down for what we stand for cause it don't stop Once, the, Line's, crossed - BAZAAR! [Verse One: Bazaar Royale - singing] I am from the ghet-to I don't do the dis-co I just pull my pis-tol Take a chunk of your soul It's me who ride up by you Police won't recognize you Run up right behind you To let my ratchet squeeze And you don't want no drama Pistol-whip your momma Put that bitch in trauma You don't wanna war with MEEEEEEE!! [Chorus: DMX] Gettin down for what we stand for cause it don't stop Once, the, Line's, crossed Gettin down for what we stand for cause it don't stop Once, the, Line's, crossed [Verse Two: Big Stan] + (DMX) (Next out the gate is B.S.!) Dog, I don't have to use the fifth to be a threat I stand 6'3", 430, any less? Motherfuckers want they shit split, I ain't the one to test Understand what I'm sayin if NOT, how I figure Nine to your tongue while I play with the trigger Will make you understand what I say a lot quicker Do we have an understanding? (YEAH!) My nigga In case I be frontin know they really - DON'T WANT IT WITH MEEEE Come comin with them hollows and heaters - TO PUT IT SIMPLYYYY So if your team don't follow its leader - THEN COME AND GET MEEEE But ALL you cowards better believe it - YOU COMIN WITH MEEEE! [Verse Three: Kashmir] + (DMX) (Next out the gate that bitch Kash!) Dog, I'm known for gettin up in these niggaz ASS! And they don't wanna, fuck with the bitch of this shit Cause I position the hits Speak with the nine, niggaz ain't ready for that shit that I spit OH NO - get at these niggaz for SHO' Cause once you cross the Line you already, know we get DOUGH Dog, the quicker they slip, the quicker they ready Holes in your Pelle, body laid up in the back of the deli I thought, y'all already knew about me and these triggers Get touched if you ever fuck with, me and these niggaz The bitch is loose, got niggaz like, "Bitch you loose!" I'm the realest bitch of them all cause I get down for what I stand for [Verse Four: DMX] .. YO!! Fuck I gots to say it for? You already KNOW! I was goin dizzy, I get busy with the FLOW! Oh, it's like that? Aight, AIYYO! Niggaz comin through anytime, any-WHERE! Pop up and pop niggaz up RIGHT THERE! Put yo' man's brains in the motherfuckin AIR! Pop pop pop, you drop drop drop.. stoppin Look at, what I done to you niggaz I don't wanna be your father, TIRED of sonnin you niggaz And I'm sick of bein bothered, I'm confrontin you niggaz And take this and run, in a minute, I'm huntin you niggaz Go on now! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DMX f/ Eminem, Obie Trice Album: Cradle 2 The Grave Soundtrack Song: Go to Sleep Typed by: slayerreyals@yahoo.com [Eminem] I ain't gonna eat, I ain't gonna sleep Ain't gonna breathe, 'til I see what I wanna see And what I wanna see, is you go to sleep in the dirt Permanently, you just bein hurt, this ain't gonna work For me, it just wouldn't be, sufficient enough Cause we, are just gonna be, enemies As long as we breathe, I don't ever see, either of us Comin to terms, where we can agree There ain't gonna be, no reasonin, speakin wit me You speak on my seed, then me, no speak-a ingles So we gonna beef, and keep on beefin, unless You're gonna agree, to meet with me in the flesh And settle this face to face, and you're gonna see A demon unleashed in me, that you've never seen And you're gonna see, this gangster pee on himself I see you D-12, and thanks, but me need no help Me do this one all by my lonely I don't need fifteen of my homies When I see you, I'm seein you, me and you only We never met, but best believe you gon' know me When I'm this close, to see you exposed as phony Come on bitch, show me, pick me up, throw me Lift me up, hold me, just like you told me You was gonna do, that's what I thought, you're pitiful I'm rid of you, all of you, Ja, you'll get it too! Now go to sleep bitch! Die, motherfucker, die! Ugh, time's up, bitch, close ya eyes Go to sleep, bitch! (what?) Why are you still alive? How many times I gotta say, close ya eyes? And go to sleep bitch! (what?) Die motherfucker die, bye, bye, motherfucker, bye, bye! Go to sleep bitch! (what?) Why are you still alive? Why, die motherfucker, ah, ah, ah... ...Go to sleep bitch! [Obie Trice] We got you niggaz, nervous On purpose, to hurt your focus, you'se not MC's, you'se worthless You'se not them G's, you'se a circus, you'se no appeal, please You'se curtains, you use words, cool heard, slurred in two thousand third You'se purpin, you'se no threat, who's ya servin? When lyrically oughta bury you beneath the dirt when You fuck with a label overseeing the Earth Shady muthafucka, O. Trice's birth And as I mold, I become a curse So we can put down the verse, take it to the turf Cock and squeeze, and he who reach the hearse is he who Depicts fiction in his verse And as I breathe, and you be deceased The world believe you deceived just to speak You'se not the streets, you'se the desk Use not your chest nigga, use a vest Before two's choose ya rest, you chose death Six feet deep, nigga, that's the debt [DMX] Hey dog, I'ma walk like a beast, talk like the streets I'ma stay blazin New York wit the heat Stalk on the beat, walk wit my feet Understand my pain, the rain ain't sleet Peep how I'm moving, peep where I'm going Shit don't seep, then sleep not knowin But I'ma keep growing, getting larger than life Easy-going with the same one that started the fight He be knowing how dog get, when dog gon bite Tried to show him the dog shit, it's dog for life Grand champ, and my Blood Line is tight Cuz it's all good, it's all right Niggas tried to holla, but couldn't holla back Now they gots to swallow, everything in the sac Blood Line, and, we can go track for track Damn dog, why'd you have to do them niggas like that? [Eminem] All you motherfuckers, take that! Here, take this too, bitch! Uh, Uh, Uh, Uh, Waaaaaahoo We're killing all you motherfuckers dead, all of you Fake ass gangsters! No more press! No more press! Rot, motherfuckers, rot! Decay, in the dirt, bitch, in the motherfucking dirt! Die nameless, bitch, die nameless! No more fame! Ahhhhhhhhhh! Hahahaha Yo X, come on man, Obie, let's go, haha The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DMX Album: Cradle 2 the Grave Soundtrack Song: Right/Wrong Typed by: g_unit187@yahoo.com THIS...IS...MY...LIFE (Right and wrong) Whatever which way they go (right and wrong) Whatever which way they go (right and wrong) Whatever which way they go (right and wrong) Whatever which way they go (right and wrong) [Verse 1] Made me a leader before I was ready to lead Took away my hunger, but didn't give me greed Made me successful, when I just wanted to be heard Give me the light, cause all I need is the word Give me a life, that I'm responsible for I'll give him what's right, cause I'm responsible for him And into the night, I'm gonna be there with him Facing a fight, I be right there with him Ready for Heaven, cause I done been through the Hell And since I was seven, I've had a story to tell See God is great, and that's why I'm still livin' He gave to me, so I'ma keep on givin' The bravery of a man's mind is slavery Is makin me the man I was made to be I hate to see when cats know but don't spit it Right is wrong, when it's on you gon get it [Verse 2] I wake up frustrated dog, I'm hurtin' inside Think about the brothers that put in, work and then died A certain have tried, a certain have cried  When it didn't go right, you hit me like You see things ain't always what they seem to be And the reason I dream of thee is He's with me And the reason I get through things so easily Is by the grace of God cause he, see's the need to guide me Walk right beside me Because he knows what's goin on inside me, he tried me Knew where my heart was at Knew what I was thinkin Knew when I was down and out, left there mistaken Knew when to pick me up, cause it got too hard Knew when I was gonna scream out "Please God!" And you already knew that you would be there for me That's why I bring you together to give you the glory [Verse 3] Everyday of life is a new chapter And it's already been foretold, so it's up to the soul to capture The essence of it all, the meek shall inherit the earth Destined to ride with the call from birth The true worth of a man, is not measured by what he does for hiself but What he does for someone else And if you help another, without concern for (?) What you give, you shall recieve tenfold And I, put that on my soul And, put that on my life And, everything I own  And, everything I know And, everything I show is what I was meant to do Everything I told you is what I've been through And everwhere I been, I was for a reason Walk through the desert, ended up freezin Start there, end up where? And now they know...whatever which way they go Whatever which way they go (right and wrong) Whatever which way they go (right and wrong) Whatever which way they go (right and wrong) Whatever which way they go (right and wrong) Whatever which way they go (right and wrong) Whatever which way they go (right and wrong) Whatever which way they go (right and wrong) Whatever which way they go They know they gonna owe They soul to the road they choose It don't matter if you win or loose You still gotta pay them dues You still gotta pay them dues You still gotta pay them dues The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DMX Album: Exit Wounds soundtrack Song: No Sunshine Typed by: ruffryda088@hotmail.com, OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash It's dark, and hell is hot Ain't no sunshine when it's on Only darkness every day Ain't no sunshine when it's on, cause when it's on ya niggaz know to be gone, everytime, cause we don't play [DMX] "Who turned out the lights?" is what niggaz be sayin Now you don't wanna fight, but y'all niggaz be playin Thinkin it's alright, keep playin with that role And you gonna know the night, when you layin in that hole Dirt gettin tossed in yo' grave, now it's all over Preacher said "You was brave," but now it's all over You just one of the many, plenty, I done gave it to (*boom*) Ain't no savin you No matter how many tears your moms' cried Ain't gon bring yo' ass back, plus in hell you gon' fry Why? But now the only two relative questions is "Do we bury him or burn? Any suggestions?" Either way, you up out of here for good Now when niggaz mention your name they knockin on wood Did I, get my, point across? Another body on the shottie another joint I toss + everytime, cause we don't play..  everytime, cause we don't play.. [DMX] It ain't no sunshine when the Dark Man comes out And I want mine, so I plan to keep my gun out We got four 9's, so niggaz run in and run out But I bust mine, cause I'd like to hear some shouts Get at me dog, niggaz know how its goin dizzy When it comes to that flow, I gets busy Who is he? Dark Man, of the unknown (GRRR, ARF!) One dog, one bone Now who ain't goin home? Looks like you You hear strike one, talkin shit, strike two Won't be a strike three, cause I don't play fair I'ma look you in your eye while he hit you from the rear Be like - yeah, holdin you up cuz you fallin (WHAT?) The Lord ain't comin, 'til niggaz stop callin You was ballin, a minute ago, in it for dough 'til it was, "Yo, I swear to God, I didn't know" + everytime, cause we don't play..  everytime, cause we don't play.. [DMX] And I know, I know, I know, I know, I know Whatchu think you gon' get, fuck around with my dough Just so it ain't no mistakes, this is my show One (one) two (two) three, here I go! Your shit is quick, and your shit is slick, but this shit is thick Ain't you hear this shit? Damn right, I can finish shit If you caught that verse without a rewind you can see mine but you be blind, I'll do it 360 and come up from behind Tap you on your shoulder, have you turnin around Hit you with somethin that'll have you burnin the ground Be like, "Damn, ain't nuttin left of money, but a pile of ash" Life is good, so please enjoy it while it lasts Cause you know ain't got much longer to go The quicker you go depends on the stronger the flow And niggaz know, I don't give a FUCK, right or wrong There ain't no sunshine when it's on + everytime, cause we don't play..  everytime, cause we don't play.. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Big Stan f/ DMX Album: Exit Wounds soundtrack Song: Walk With Me Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [DMX] Sometimes I will take my brother by the arm Other times I will take my brother by the shoulder Then there are times I will take my brother by the neck Any way I touch you, walk with me.. Uhh.. uhh.. uhh.. GRRRRR This ain't the way it's supposed to be (B.S.!) This ain't the way it's supposed to be (off that bloodline thang) This ain't the way it's supposed to be! This ain't the way, shit is supposed to be!! [Big Stan] Now I done seen the streets turned into a beast with sharp teeth Put claws in the strong and just devour the weak Make them proud niggaz humble (uh-huh) Then turn around and make them loud niggaz mumble (uh-huh) In the jungle I done seen niggaz voted "Most likely to win" lose it all at the end of a stem; what a lame (uhh) Friends killin friends for paper, what a shame (uhh) And everybody thinkin they players, what a game (damn) I done seen this whole shit change Looked again and realized that ain't shit changed (WHAT?!) Except the fact that I'm a grown man now (uhh) standin on my own two Used to hate guns, now a nigga own two (C'MON!) Twin glocks for cops and use I promise to I ain't goin out like Amadou, you know what I'ma do (AIGHT?) So sit back and try to visualize if you can All the stories of a wise man - walk with me [Chorus: DMX] Look at my life.. look at how I live Look at what I go through.. so what I've got to give (THIS IS IT!!) Look at my li-ife.. look at how I live Look at what I go through.. so what I've got to give (THIS IS IT!!) [Big Stan] (My nigga!)  Now I've done seen life play jokes with death as a punchline In a world with no hope, struggle to get mine I was raised in a time of regret and bad news (uh-huh) So I was taught my values by bad dudes (uhh) Hustlers and killers.. they taught me wrong from right Told me everything that's wrong is right, like Hoppin a train, poppin the thang And havin hot blocks poppin with 'caine, lockin the game (C'MON!!) And the more shit, change, the more it's the same And the more you try to get rid of it, the more it remains You remember when the kid's dream to get to the top was bein doctors, firemen, even the cops? Look at the kids now, lost, no hope To get ahead they plan to rap, play ball, or sell dope (ooooh) And if you thinkin we the problem you wrong A generation died at the same time our fathers was born [Big Stan] I've seen a broken home influence a good kid to go bad Cause boys with sane minds to go mad (uhh) And young girls to lose they innocence so fast And so often the results are so sad Losin her skirt, don't even know what flirt means So a baby's poppin up with a baby at thirteen (damn) A few years, she tried to settle down with her man Tried to stop fuckin all them other niggaz and can't Though she want to, the curse got her doin this dirt Cause she saw mommy do it whenever daddy went to work (damn) And it hurts, I know the pain call it the truth Bad parents are destroyin the youth, I been there (WHAT?!) I've watched men beat on my mother my whole life So when I hit my baby mother I thought it was alright (NO!!!) Maybe if I woke up and them niggaz was gone I woulda knew that all the hittin was wrong, talk to me [Chorus] - 2X [DMX] My niggaz This, is, for my niggaz This, is, for my niggaz This, is, for my niggaz This right here?! Is for my niggaz B.S. baby! Uh-huh, uhh Bloodline, bloodline, bloodline! All my dogs, off the motherfuckin chain! Arf, arf, arf, arf, arf-arf, ya heard? Bitch ass nigga (bitch ass nigga!) Iceberg, hoo, B.K.! Ali X! St. Claire! Jinx! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DMX Album: Get At Me Dog 12" Song: Get At Me Dog (Bad Boy Remix) Typed by: DMXDMX@aol.com Intro: Styles: What! Niggaz can't fuck with us DMX: Get at me dog. My niggaz Styles: That's my word! Verse One: DMX I'm the type to kick back and look at shit, 'cause crooked shit gets me amped And what you don't know, will get you locked in sleep away camp. Grand champ and raise more hell, than a Sorrel See you at the peephole, bustin' at the doorbell Though I wasn't coming without mine You put me on the front line because you doubt mine Bet your and lost yours, you come to get your I tossed yours And it cost yours, fuck y'all niggaz stupid, I'm the boss dog What more dirt must I do, plus my crew Busts at you, and you be like "What's that oooh" What's that Clue, do I bring the noise what Destroy these mutts, is these niggaz toys or what Bring all the pretty niggaz thinking they shitty, what a pity Lemme show them niggaz shitty some pity, but for fifty A motherfucker will get a bullet to hum to him, put the gun to him Hit 'em with something that comes to him, bet it runs through him Look at what I done to him, no more smiles Got the whole top half of his head, running wild But you don't hear me though, so I turn out the lights We can take it to the streets dog, turn off the mics If you want war, then you want more, than you can stand And this 44, will leave you with your dick in the sand Who the man, and now you cats know for real Get at me dog, (bark), what the deal Verse Two: Styles Y'all niggaz fucking with the L.O.X. Your stuck on a rock Got that Alcatraz flow You just don't know Lifetime kid caged in blazin'  Any type of rapper or federal agent Paniro the made man, blade man Stand up type of guy, your living a lie Niggaz wanna be pretty and fly but kiddies will die The dogs run the city, bet fifty on mine Two grams for you to sniff, how silly am I Got a lot of jokes don't, kill yo ass won't I Maybe not if the spot is filled up with po 9 Many niggaz get it confused, blame the rules Only ask the how's not the who's Better off busting your tool, then we might get the crew But as far as rap goes, you a motherfucking fool If you don't want chips, you should have stayed in school You and 8-ball nigga, you wanna play pool I'll put you in the side pocket, look at the size of my rocket Styles don't lie, cop the work then clock it Boxes full of boots, jeans, suits and watches Niggaz don't pump if they can't make a profit Stop it, before we pull it back then cop it Vacant lot niggaz come through then we lock it  (WHAT, WHAT, WHAT) Verse Three: Jadakiss With no glocks I'm in your town with five locks Take five blocks, come back with five trucks, with knots It's the L.O.X, three niggaz that listen and watch And nigga you know, whenever we spit, it's hot It be that new flow, my niggaz, fly niggaz Always high niggaz, ready to die niggaz As far as I'm hearing, y'all doing a lot of comparing Lemme get the one clearance like a sample 'Kiss is the champ and I know that you don't wanna get stamped Left somewhere cramp, so when it rains, you get damp Niggaz is done, since poppy raised his son When bringing in drums, to bring all g's to bums Whether you can flow or not ain't the issue You don't Jay to kiss you, his lyrics pierce the gristle Take a puff then a swig Think about how I'm gonna  hold it down for Big, my motherfucking nig Your money is low, and your flow been late While I be coming through with new shit with tint plates The only higher than money, is respect The only thing hotter than my click, is a tek So when I hit you with these last bars around your neck You gonna know never to fuck around with L-O-X nigga (WHAT, YEAH) Verse Four: Sheek Luchion My bank account be doubling While you niggaz stay in trouble and L.O.X. stay fly Three niggaz jig-I Shit you never seen before, Feds hit the repo law  Kingpin, 10 mil. each of us popular It's Sheek baby  Chicks hate to see me on the Soul Train With Don Cornelius And all they got is alias To work with To catch Sheek, y'all niggaz besta work quick Now that I'm eating right, plus living well So nowadays when I burp, it's fettucini you smell Ain't that right poppa-san, used to push a Nissan With a black master full 850 full suspension While you collect your pension, I ain't worked in years My stomach is fat from Puerto Rican food, while yours is scarce Small black haired, chinky-eyed Puerto Rican mama Keep them laced in the scadda, half the closet on product I learn things, just by watching y'all niggaz make the wrong moves Now I know what not to do, to make more than y'all fools Y'all think we ignorant, 'cause we don't budge unless we benefit Cats that take the light that's scarce and see what's at the end of it P.H. me, because a nigga wisks me up in Jake B. Your shit be so-so, low pro. On a bus before the cars show On some old joystick shit, no mirrors I can see behind me through the cameras Flip plates, make the whole block go bananas The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DMX f/ Ja Rule, Method Man, Nas, Vita Album: Grand Finale (Remix) 12" Song: Grand Finale (Murda Mix) Typed by: CnoEvil@Wu-Lyricz.Com, OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Vita] If ain't rough, it ain't me Tales of the darkside, grand finale [Ja Rule] Ready to die, cuz only I know where it's in And if lie to dough, then it's kill in my soul For my love and dough, don't make it no better Mami, don't flirt wit the iron and hit 'em whoever A nigga that flips the weather, any Rule, J-A Fuck wit me, it's Murda, I-N-C Feel her, nigga, feel a hole to meet (if it ain't rough, it ain't me) Holla at me, my real niggas, get down, ready to kill niggas We don't touch no more, we kill niggas Give me what it takes to throw my guns together Fast up, hit 'em up, towards the hot beretta You should know better, when obviously they don't So the shit, sure to get you one in your throat By the time, you realize that shot's the truth It's too late, they reminiscin' over you, my Lord [Method Man] Watch them young guns that take none, nobody safe from The Friday, the 13th, ghetto Jason Itchy trigger finger achin', snatch your ass out that S-Class for fakin' Forty four blast, it's a bloobath, take your first step down a thug path Ain't no love here, just slugs here, kids know the half, you get plugged here That's just impossile, for the weak to last, now behold the unstoppable Third eye watchin' you, watchin' me Throwin' rocks from the penalty box, cop a plea Young g, we was born to die, don't cry for me Just keep the heat closely, and ride for me Cuz we family, for better or worse, you and I From the dirt, you snatch purse, so hard it hurt To be here, and each year, I'm pourin' out some beer For deceased peers, holdin' fort Police line, do not cross, they found his corpse In the loft, wit the head cut off, and butt naked Homicide, the crime method, add another Killer verse to the murder record, the grand finale [Nas] Hot corners, cops wit warrants, every block is boring Friday night, gettin' bent, lick a poem My dog, not even home a month yet, and blaze a girl in the stomach, he robbin niggaz who pumpin Lil' Blood got popped, by the Group Home cat Everybody nervous in the hood, pullin they gats Fiend yellin out, who got those? Go and see shorty snot-nosed, he don't floss but he got dough Thug faces, fugitives runnin from court cases Slugs shootin past for the love of drug paper Queens cap peelers, soldiers, drug dealers And God'll throw a beam of lightning down cause he feel us May the next one, strike me down if I'm not the realest The Mayor wanna call the SWAT team to come and kill us but, dogs are friends, if one see the morgue, one'll live to get revenge, and we ride to the end Bravehearts blow the lye with Henn, and still rise Took alive with live men, my man got three six-to-eighteen's and only five in, the Belly of the beast Didn't wanna hear the shit I tried to tell him on the streets It's irrelevant, the beast love to eat black meat And got us niggaz from the hood, hangin off his teeth We slangin to eat, bringin the heat Bulletholes, razor scars is the pain in the street, huh [Chorus: Vita] If it ain't rough, it aint' me Down for dice, is what you told me If it ain't rough, it ain't me See, chick from the other side, grand finale [Vita] My dogs for life, call for life, now who be the job like fuck Totti Slim weight, petite, body, down for my niggas, quick to pull a shotty Sprayin' everybody, lacin' the whole party Holdin' wall when my niggas hung, wit I rush Like boys that I do know, it's me I trust Now watch how I tie bust, guarantee I be sittin' down Waitin' to hear up, wit the blast Got you niggas snitchin' weed in my stash, high flow Over the bitch who knows to stash weed Cold for you bitches who try to oppose me Hot Totti, same chick in Belly Ooh, if it ain't it ain't me [DMX] Uhh, I've lost my grip on reality or so it would seem Pinch myself to wake up, cause I KNOW it's a dream Niggaz that don't know me see me and think I'ma rob em Niggaz that know me well see me and think I'ma problem I'm just a nigga that's misunderstood But word to God I turn your last name to Underwood Cause if I see it, I'ma take it and run with it, that's me What type of bullshit is this nigga on? That's D The dog come and getcha outside The more blood flows, when I plug holes with the snub nosed Gun blows, bullets whistle, wouldn't miss you Hit you all up in your mouth like it tried to kiss you Drama, it's right here, how MUCH YOU NEED? Beat you down with gat see how MUCH YOU BLEED How MUCH YOU PLEAD, for your life, you was a killer And all the bitches comin up out that ass you feelin, gettin realer Now beg for your life, one more time, one more crime one more nine, c'mon cry nigga It's over! This is the shit, that hits hard You either the last one standing, or the last one to fall The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mic Geronimo f/ DMX, Fatal, Cormega, Ja Album: How to Be a Player soundtrack Song: The Usual Suspects * Typed by: davpaul@dove.net.au, OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash * soundtrack and "Vendetta" version f/ different rappers Intro: Mic Geronimo, (DMX) Yeah.. (grrrrr) Introducing the Suspects DMX (grrrrr), Ja Rule Cormega, Fatal Hussein (grrrrr) Mic Geronimo (my niggaz) [DMX] What's all the noise about?  Have some respect, shut the fuck up Driveby, money talkin shit, yo back the truck up Y'all niggaz don't respect me but you fear me and fear is better than respect, y'all niggaz hear me? If I smack the shit outta this nigga His man over here be like, "Yo -- what? Nigga what?" But his man is like, "Psych yo" Take it from one extreme to the next And my shit always bounce like D-M, to the X I can bring it from up here, to ENOUGH IS ENOUGH Down to, "Aight I think it's safe to take off the cuffs" I play wit words, blurs and slurs, flip styles Take his and hers, niggaz is couraged, I get wild So don't make me angry, you WOULDN'T LIKE ME when I'm angry I've got a lot of enemies, and they'd all like to bang me (WHAT?) Catch me when I'm sleepin, with one eye closed One guy chose the dogs; left one got froze, filled with holes [Ja Rule] Ugh, it's gonna be a long time befo' dey touch this here It's Gotti's, Consigliere, let's take it there and make a milli, yeah Which Bentley's? Ice drippin off the jewels, daily Ja the one, what? Y'all don't hear me, nigga Y'all remember, C-M-C, '95 December Fine women, illegal tender, such is life When I feel like I ain't to be held, who could hold me? Hoes try to console me, rec' exec's wanna own me Damned if I die slow-ly, drugged out broke and lonely Like so many who pushed roadie before me Ja, hit em precisely, God just don't make too many like me Inadvertantly shittin on the Top 20 Y'all niggaz kill me, talkin like y'all can't be touched See by the time y'all realized, I be done touched you up Blazed you up, your whole style, chump nigga, what? Think again if you thought I gave a fuck! Chorus: Mic Geronimo Yo.. Yo independently, reppin thoroughly throughout the N-Y We thump and get high, infrared nigga, dead eye Aimin at the sky's limit, jumpin in, we all in it The good life, tryin ta live it *repeat* [Cormega] Yo whaddup to all my thug-lawn, niggaz in plush cars Rikers Island killers with rug scars, police fuck y'all (Yeah) Live niggaz, I love y'all for representin Ya have respect of prison, came home, caught a Expedition Look in my eye, you see realness The Mobb tonic quest for million, my Lex with ill rims My name ringin, chain swingin, ain't richest? Are you my heir? Like do we present the same vision? My insight is deep, mental intuition Type essential, due to this trife life we livin My cypher, e-lite snipers in the mountains The Bridge under pressure for mad years and countin What? My connect eatin papaya, supplyin me Cormega represent a live nigga dynasty 9's and Tek's, my hollow heads outlined your vest My only fear is 25 years of death [Fatal Hussein] One deep from Jersey, on the Island doin six Now ain't that a bitch, they sayin, "Hussein never shit" I shot more niggaz than thorough niggaz in your crew You and your mother know don't go against, be on you Mad career criminal, crimin be like a hobby Probably drinkin my notty or ill just shootin my shotty Nigga you get extorted, flippin styles, poppin chicks Bullets small as his G-B-30, niggaz lose it quick I had to get out of town, I done shot another dick Niggaz'll roll tricks to keep they mind off shit I tack up parole, they supervise my whole side Money wise, surprised, thug niggaz on the rise These card cats is federal, you soft and shreddable Picturin every rappers comin at me all edible I lift past your crew, you know what I'm about Guinness-style, Outlawz, just hit up another out [Mic Geronimo]  Hmmm, yeah, yeah, now Runnin wit five niggaz, criminal disguised niggaz The live niggaz, pull a Mac what? Surprise niggaz Holdin my mics stiletto like; invitin these water-head brothers to get splashed back and take it light Slidin back when I was 16, Romelo my brother told me laid back, aced up, to play it mellow Seein how I'm a young Othello Don't confuse me wit them brothers who lost playin black DeNiro The boss of this, gettin tossed to Crist' The barber shit, we ballin flawlessly For-ever y'all brothers tried but never to touch me The God, heated up beyond the frequency Now it's time to put you niggaz under pressure, we form Here I am, if it's on then it's on If the world was yours, could you keep it from a nigga like me? Hold your head, we about to see, motherfucker Outro: Mic Geronimo Yeah, Usual Suspects, never suspect niggaz.. yeah What y'all thought I was gone? Never that, it's been deaded Y'all see The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DMX Album: Industry (White Label) 12" Song: Industry Typed by: dynamite9383@yahoo.com * * send corrections to the typist {*whispered*} Ruff Ryders [DMX talking] Yea, (another gutter...) you know we had to do it this time baby! Nah-mean? My nigga D, we walk through the motherfucking' doors Of the industry together baby! Nah-mean? (Gots to tell the truth) You gave that shit dog, Yanahmsayin? Me like yo, go hard on these niggaz baby, Nah-mean? (Gots to tell the truth) Go hard just let niggaz know What the fuck is really going on Now that's what the fuck I did! Aight! Arf, Arf. What! [DMX] The industry; man its not the same The industry; its not a fucking game The industry; real niggaz is dying to get in The industry; just define they don't fit in The industry; ain't what it used to be The industry; trying to control the way you MC They want you to dress like that this and talk like that But I'm gon' dress like this and talk with the gat The industry; got y'all word meaning nothing The industry; fuck what you heard cause he's bluffing The industry; money, bitches, hate But I dare you to try to take a fucking thing off my plate The industry like "Wait!", but in the streets we like "Get 'em" Set 'em teed up in that thing, catch 'em sleeping and hit 'em And Ima pop whoever with 'em, the coroner is coming to get 'em Industry niggaz, so that's how I did 'em The industry; mad niggaz is full of shit The industry; mad niggaz is sucking dick The industry; bitches keep thinking its a game The industry; don't mention my fucking name The industry; mad niggaz is full of shit The industry; mad niggaz is sucking dick The industry; bitches keep thinking its a game The industry; don't mention my fucking name, nigga [DMX] The Industry; if you ain't got a strong mind The industry; you ain't get down its a matter of time The industry; vultures with nothing to feast on The industry; see me I'm getting my beast on The industry; staying in the dirt, playing in the dirt Touch the wrong one in the industry and you will get hurt I'm not an industry artist, I'm an artist in the industry That's why you what the fuck I want, cause nobody can finish me The industry; wanted dead or alive New artist to sell they souls, the way they survive The industry don't give a fuck about you But the industry couldn't make a dime without you The industry; I'm sick of this industry shit The industry; playing you like a industry bitch They try to finish me quick but I am on, so I stand strong Fuck the beat, listen to the words of the damn song [DMX - over chorus] Uh huh, uh huh, uh huh (2X) Shit is crazy yo They loaning you money to make a album You pay 'em back the money, they still on the album What part of the game is that? (I tell you the truth, I don't lie) You write your own shit, but they hold on to your shit What part of the game is that? (I don't try to hurt nobody, I mind my business) You know what, the average nigga makes like (All these industry niggaz could suck a fucking dick!!) Twenty-six cents over a motherfucking record We need a motherfucking union baby!!! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DMX Album: Light it Up soundtrack Song: Catz Don't Know Typed by: Ghettofabulous98@hotmail.com Uh, it's that real shit yo Grrr! 1 - Can't stop   Gotta eat   Stepping on, my feet   Spread love, think it's sweet   Uh, uh, uh all you catz don't know Repeat 1 Yeah baby, shit's about to jump off and Lookin' for the bus to bring in my man from up north Been like three years since when got knocked Since he got caught Punked up like five new blocks, holding down for it Kept a nigga straight with money in the books And them bitches is crooks who look out for other crooks Took him shopping, money in his pocket is straight Dropped him off at the wife's crib after we ate Our estate was the next move for me Had to make that nigga chill for at least two to three months Cause when it's on, it's on He didn't care It's like slow down baby The money ain't going nowhere Keep in touch though and show how much your ass is with it The dope flow is there and in a minute you can get it (come on) You gotta watch a nigga just coming home in a game Cause on the low we may just be trying to go against the grain Repeat 1 (2x) I never figured this nigga would pull this shit that he pulled What is strange is the change that niggaz go through When they're locked down and really can't hack it A motherfucker like me handles a bid like a jacket Strap it on my back, niggaz ain't built like me And by the end, niggaz was like "Yo, why you killed Mike, D?" Wasn't me, but yeah he had it coming to him Used to be my dog, so I let my cousin do him Sent him out of state with like half a brick down to my spot in VA Cause the money comes quick Half of that got fucked up before I even got the check in on him (damn) But things happen so I really wasn't wreckin' on him (damn) Got him up out of there and sent him down a little further Ain't heard from him in two months, murder, murder And from the next flight thinking I might have to steal something This hungry shit will make a nigga wanna kill something (come on) Repeat 1 (2x) Listen, money is missing and it's hectic (what?) Found the safe, checked it Shit looks detected (what?) Just what I expected when I got no word from him Asked around but ain't nobody heard from him (uh-huh) But money talks and most niggaz is snakes So it wasn't long before his man was ready to take Me to where he was at, checked my gat Threw in a four clip, pumped myself up Cause I can't go for that bullshit (come on) Fuckin' with my last load of cash ain't the issue It's just real fucked up when your man tries to diss you Takin' back for niggaz in New York and how they told me so Now I got to knock his boots, he owes me dough Layin' up with a hoe, then he hit me with the sob story (come on) The famous "Oh you didn't know I got robbed!" story (come on) Told it's to me he should be grateful to Fuck that bitch! Look at what she made you do Now there's love lost and a double cross Pointed at that bitch, turned her braids into sauce So you wanna be with him (uh) and talk to me like I'm silly (yeah) Five bottle of Mo on the floor, boxes of phillys (uh) Ten g's in the shoebox under the bed And for every g I put a fuckin' slug in his head And from then, the moral of the story if you missed it Is the grand is always gonna be there Just never go against it Repeat 1 (2x) You cats must not know The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DMX f/ Lil' Scrappy Album: Never Die Alone Soundtrack Song: Go For Dat Typed by: dynamite9383@yahoo.com [Intro: DMX] Ok! Uh, yo, yo, grrr, yo, uh huh You know how we do, (Talk to 'em baby) nahmean Smack niggas around (Talk to 'em baby) nahmean Let 'em know, (Talk to 'em baby) it's my motherfuckin house nahmean (Talk to 'em baby) Let these motherfuckers know aight [DMX] Aiyyo, don't fuck with dog, dog is a beast X, only nigga get love in the streets Shit done fell off straight from the horse Bullshit, gettin four mics in the Source I can't respect that, it's just how I feel You know the truth when you hear it, it's for real Come on, what the deal? Like it don't show Wooo! Yall niggas gon' feel it when you comin back Man, you niggas play too many games Too many jokes, what I said? Too many names Provoke situations, but do me the same And I'll show how a nigga stay true to the game You gots to be more careful, like Terry Woods I'm a nigga that can pass through every hood Up to no good, that show you wool Bitch, X got pull, that's how I get down, pitbull [Chorus: Lil' Scrappy] Watch that nigga; get stomped the fuck down Watch that ho; get dragged the fuck out Damn that nigga; get knocked the fuck down Bitch ass nigga; get laid the fuck out Do somethin nigga; to get you stomped down Do somethin bitch; to get you dragged out Do somethin nigga; to get you knocked out Step up bitch, get laid the fuck out [DMX] Stop the bullshit cause ain't nothin funny Yall cats is only in this for the money It's all good when the check drops But it's back to the hood when the check stops You never left, you ain't gots to worry about comin back Wooo! Yall niggas gon' feel it when you comin back And I'll be there doin my thing Fuckin wit cruddy niggas keep pumpin the game Ask around, difference between me and you Is I get at 'em, my friends you know what I do Listen, don't play with me that way Cause faggot, I can end it all today, fuck what you sayin Play fair with men, act like one Talk like a bitch and get smacked like one Got rabbit in 'em, get jacked like one Make the call, hit me back like done [Chorus: 2x] [DMX] You always been the son type nigga Scared to pull a gun type nigga Talk shit and run type nigga Seek through the fake shit and sniff out the bullshit From a mile away so put the smile away X gon' give it to ya, I go hard Bitch, my name rings bells in the yard Check my resume, track record is offical The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DMX Album: Never Die Alone soundtrack Song: King Thing Typed by: dirkjuhh@gmail.com * * send corrections to the typist AUWW GGRRRRRRRRR Uh You know (dmx barking) Ain't about being a motherfucking pimp (uh) Ain't about being a hustler (naah) Player (naah) Thief (naah) It's about being a motherfucking king (aight) Ya mean ? Baby it's a king thing (yeah) From Kayto to David (uh) Two kings in the streets neither one made it (uh) Think about shed a tear ? Niggah save it (what) Dirty motherfucking games, both niggas played it (come on) David went on some foul shit, went full throtle (throtle) Smack shorty in the face with a glass bottle (bottle) Killing bitches with battery acet (yeah) That's the type of shit this nigga masterd (yeah) David was a bastard (oke) Step out the stunts with the slow walkin (urh) Glide by leave you straight no talkin (urh) It's about were ever I'm at, Knowing I got them (aight) By the time a nigga thought about beating I shot 'em (pop pop) See it takes a snake to spot a snake And by the time they spot the snake God shot the snake (uh) I got to get what ever I can get my hands on Fuck you niggas (what) is what I'ma stand on It's a king thing, what goes around comes back around It's a king thing, every part of town knows why your down It's a king thing, got these new cats commin' up in the game It's a king thing, and I'ma make sure niggas remember my name For real It ain't about talkin'the talk Just walkin' the walk (uhhuh) How many cats you don't cross from L.A. to NewYork (uhhuh) Hit regardless for what when ever you hit town (aight) You got real niggas respecting on how you get down Ain't no motherfucking thing changed (whoo) I'm still the grymiest nigga up in this game What's my name (what) King D-A-V-I-D I'm like a bloodhound Cuz it ain't nothin' but money hide it from me (uh) And ain't nobody ridin' for free fuck that (what) Excuse my back nigga, what black (yeah) I go at niggas hard for a little bit of pay (uhhuh) A couple of hondred dollars will get your ass dead I'm not petty I stay hongry (oke) And as long as shit is the way it is, then shit go stay ugly (oke) Bitch, so bring home the drama (yeah) Shit how petty niggas cross, I gotsta sleep with the armor (uh) It's a king thing, what goes around comes back around It's a king thing, every part of town knows why your down (uh) It's a king thing, got these new cats commin' up in the game It's a king thing, and I'ma make sure niggas remember my name For real But I'ma make sure niggas remember my name For Real It's a king thing (yeah), what goes around comes back around It's a king thing, every part of town knows why your down (uh) It's a king thing, got these new cats commin' up in the game It's a king thing, and I'ma make sure niggas remember my name For real The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DMX f/ Dyme Album: The Nutty Professor II: The Klumps Soundtrack Song: I'm Gonna Crawl Typed by: obi1one@hotmail.com Uh Live and learn Life's a lesson (life is a lesson) And I'm the teacher CHORUS: Dyme enters chorus after first verse First I'm gonna crawl, uh (crawl) Then I'm gonna walk, uh huh (walk) Then I'm gonna stand, uh huh (stand) Then I'm gonna talk, uh (talk) Then I gotta learn, what (learn) In order to teach, (teach) Then I gotta burn (burn) In order to reach (reach), my niggas [Verse 1] Yo, I see what I see, day by day Hopin that the Lord can, pave my way Have I been forgotten, have I forsaken Or maybe I'm just wrong with the moves that I've been makin Hatin others cuz they hate me, over envy Wanna send me, when we used to be friendly Think I started off on top? With multi platinum albums? Naw dog, I started off on the block I just did shit to get shit Niggas always knew I was down to hit shit That's why I stay wit shit Played with shit, but it wasn't a game First time locked down, wasn't the same A whole new world, nothin but close to steel Niggas gettin split for real, miss a good deal They aint call nobody, cuz don't nobody care They got my back against the wall, fuck it I'm just here CHORUS 2X [Verse 2] Dog it's like this, when the fog is type thick A nigga might flip, and a nigga bite quick But I stay focused on what's important Supportin my family, fuckin with my dogs and reportin According to the man upstairs, we all got our own problems So why the fuck you worryin about theirs It was a long time ago, look awake, cuz he'll leave you I hear none, speak none, see none, evil All I can do is teach you, what I know How I flow, how I get down, where I go Maybe what I been through, will send you Somewhere, other then where, dreams all out the window I love my people, all of my people And God gon keep me callin my people You gots to live life to the fullest It aint always about the size of the gun, sometimes it's the bullet CHORUS 2X [Verse 3] Every day we live and learn, take it step by step And we create our own path, until there's no life left I hold my death, off for as long as I can Knowin my man, is plottin with the chrome in his hand Supposed to be fam, but niggas get shady over money My nigga, pull out the 380 over money Crazy over money, can't do without it I got other shit to deal with, I'm like forget about it It's the one I don't know but must teach that comes first Because he comes with the thirst of a nigga that tatted the worst It's like a curse that's to be lifted, he was there but he gripped it Got a call and he shifted, once he found out he was gifted Gotta kick it from the heart, and I hope you got it It was there from the start, I just hope you spot it Cuz it's my blood on paper, my soul on paper Words to live by will leave a hole in the paper CHORUS The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice Cube f/ DMX Album: We Be Clubbin' Remix 12" Song: We Be Clubbin' (Clark World Remix) Typed by: HJWESS1@msg.pacbell.com Dj Clark Kent: What you think gon' happen if I get Ice Cube to do a joint with the wildest dog on the East Coast? Man they don't know. Heavyweight Def Jam Clark World Cube: Once again it's on the muthafuckin' psycho Ice Cube the Don Mega with my nigga DMX huh A diamond in the rough punk, he gon' stay in the rough East meets West it's goin' down Yeah we be clubbin' we be clubbin' we be clubbin' we be clubbin' we be clubbin' I'm in the city bitch we clubbin'  I'm treated like the Presidential motorcade takin' out the residential global persperation freaky gyrations close to fornication Numbers get passed when asked information intoxication faded inebriated Designated driver liver than MacGyver blockin' freaks in all of 'em tens stallions get them to pile in Sittin' on 'Lacs bitch we write raps Backdo' access you gettin' jealous standin' all in line with designer umbrellas Bad fellas runnin' with the Eastside Connection any kind of club with a star check they weapons Who wanna sex DMX get naked fuckin' to security show us the exit Chorus: Heavy hitters countin' figures We be Clubbin' Mixin' blunts and heavy liquors We be Clubbin' For all my live ass niggas We be clubbin' Fuckin' all them gold diggers We be clubbin' Kent: DMX Ruff Riders DMX: Grrr grrr All I do is import to export transport to West port a nigga still breathin' today 'cause the vest caught them slugs you sprayed at me now get at me if you want more Put a fuckin' hole up in yo' back so what's the front for? Come on baby we some noisemakers catchin' niggas with bricks at am I ?? comin' through Las Vegas made us wanted dead or alive on mad niggas hit lists but ain't a muthafucka come & get this Witness what's unheard of cold blooded murder this hot shit'll have you smellin' like a fuckin' ?? and the shell from the twelve is all it takes to make a nigga spin like twice & then fall you call for help but ain't none comin' The avmen slaughtered the robbery & gun runnin' and when I'm done gunnin' we all gon' meet up at the club fuckin' with Cube it's nothin' but love Nigga What!! Chorus Bridge:  New York get ya club on L.A. get ya club on Chicago get ya club on Atlanta get ya club on DMX: Fuck that shit If the dog's off the leash then the dog's gonna bite (rooof) If the dog's in the ring then the dog's gonna fight (rooof) If the dog's on the West Coast then I'm fuckin' with Cube Where them hoes at nigga keep 'em comin' in twos Cube: Like Noah I make it wetter the doubleheader hit that ass like I got a vendetta you know it's better with the Don Mega shake it off shake it off take it off take it off and make it soft biotch DMX: Uhh, It's all good it's all right fuck all day fuck all night Call all my niggas 'cause wherever I go y'all my niggas East to the West Coast all my niggas Cube : Now the East to the West piece of the best sick of this shit  Added DMX to add grit in this shit  Atlantic to Pacific spittin' this shit  Got love for my niggas that's gettin' a grip  We be clubbin' Chorus The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DMX Album: Pump Ya Fists (White Label) 12" Song: Pump Ya Fists Typed by: DJ_DFense_AKA_SSin@hotmail.com * * send corrections to the typist Uh *barking* haha Pump ya fists like this, common Pump ya fists like this, common Pump ya fists like this, common Pump ya fists like this, common You're rockin' with the Dog diggie Dog a dang a dang diggie diggie Dog diggie Dog a dang a dang diggie diggie Dog diggie Dog a dang a dang diggie diggie Dog diggie Dog a dang a dang diggie diggie [Verse 1] Check it I don't walk, I stalk, livin' foul like pork Shuttin' down underground streets of New York Hawk is what them niggaz call me, 'cause they all be Suckin' my dick and on my motherfuckin' balls, G I know the half, so I laugh with 'em A blood bath went I let the fuckin' raps hit 'em Full clip, but only half did 'em That's all it took, another crook Taking out over a dirty look I bag niggaz but niggaz that try and shot dead You're only takin' a fuckin' thing from me with hot led You know my style fagot, 'cause I'm always schemin' In jail, niggaz holdin' a sink screamin' Police, but you got no peace Yo, was that you big man, and a lot mo' grease All I gets is that, cause niggaz want none of this Back streets are like track meets 'cause I'll be runnin' this Pump ya fists like this, common Pump ya fists like this, common Pump ya fists like this, common Pump ya fists like this, common You're rockin' with the Dog diggie dog a dang a dang diggie diggie Dog diggie dog a dang a dang diggie diggie Dog diggie dog a dang a dang diggie diggie Dog diggie dog a dang a dang diggie diggie [Verse 2] I got a ball type of ill flow that still go for days Don't you know I could kill yo' ass in many ways Watch you die slow like as much as you blink Leave you in yo' crib till the neighbours know this'll stink You's a blood link inc, write my name on the wall Dog men X, def till the ball Jump niggaz call, beggin' for their life And I just fucked that bitch that you call your wife She life in strife and that's just how I want ‘em In this fuckin' me see my man get upon ‘em That's why I creep em, lay ‘em, slide Takin' mad motherfuckin' holes on the ride Like the skin fly, like the Ferrari merkin', urchin, blast your ass cause you're jerkin' My dick my reck, most buss the teck I'll fuck in yo' back, blast through your neck Pump ya fists like this, common Pump ya fists like this, common Pump ya fists like this, common Pump ya fists like this, common You're rockin' with the Dog diggie dog a dang a dang diggie diggie Dog diggie dog a dang a dang diggie diggie Dog diggie dog a dang a dang diggie diggie Dog diggie dog a dang a dang diggie diggie [Verse 3] The way that I'll be flippin' niggaz can't understand Niggaz be like “Dog, I thought I was your man ?” You shouldn't have thought and that's what you get for thinkin' Think beacuse I'm near you I wouldn't get you niggaz stinkin' I'm the only allspring of a bad beam Motivated by mad greed, I make the pad bleed A bad seed from a rotten apple Preacher talk shit get popped in the chapel Flavour like Snapple, you can all get some Cause it's all good in that hood that I'm from I be the nigga dumb, and do ‘em real dirty Me and my peeps, oh my peeps is 7.30 Out to lunch for ever, won't be back Don't know how to act, so we attack in the back Mutherfucker, that's how that do that's how that do, that's how that do baby [Chorus] 3x Pump ya fists like this, common Pump ya fists like this, common Pump ya fists like this, common Pump ya fists like this, common You're rockin' with the Dog diggie dog a dang a dang diggie diggie Dog diggie dog a dang a dang diggie diggie Dog diggie dog a dang a dang diggie diggie Dog diggie dog a dang a dang diggie diggie Go go go yeah ... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Aaliyah f/ DMX Album: Romeo Must Die soundtrack * Song: Come Back in One Piece Typed by: Ghettofabulous98@Hotmail.com * soundtrack version is edited - missing words are in brackets [DMX] There we go, okay, okay Don't do me Greasy, okay Uh, ay yo You know what a dog needs Do you really know what a dog needs? Uh a dog needs a grrr! What? What? A dog needs a grrr! Come on Not just any uh but a real uh That's gonna hold that dog down Arf! Arf! Baby I am what I am, I'm gon' be who I be Everything from chasing a cat to {pissin} on a tree Let me see what I gotta to see Do what I gotta to do Dog for life but keep it true Every once in a while I'll break out the backyard to roam And get reckless But I still know that home is home And when I get there I'mma sit there Take a {shit} there put my {dick} there Do I handle my business? {shit} yeah I'mma run till I bust my gun and empty the clip Never come home, I gotta go just gimme the whip I ain't got time for the lip Just open the fence Let me go I'll come back I ain't got time to convince Ever since I was a pup I've been stuck with the street {shit} Keep the heat {shit} {fuck} it {nigga} gotta eat I past on a weak {shit} If it's out there I want it All at one time So when it's my time I've done it [Aaliyah] I know you'll kill for me You'll die you me I know you like to rip and run the streets But I get nervous sometimes Ooh baby I can't help to think You might not make it home to eat I barely sleep Could you pick up a phone and call me at home? And let me know you ain't in some heat And don't go crying, you're grown You know I'm looking out for you Cause you be looking out for me, me, me 1 - [Chorus]  Yo you can go with your dogs  If you make this promise to me  You make it back in one piece  So you can go with your dogs  If you make this promise to me  You make it back in one piece  'Fore you go bendin the law  If you make this promise to me  You make it back in one piece  I know you up in it all  If you make this promise to me  You make it back in one piece [Aaliyah](DMX) And oh boy I know you got to do what you do, ooh-ooh You're making moves, I'm makin' moves yo we cool (What? What? What?) Lay on your paws I got your back if you fall, hey-hey Nothing's to big, nothing's to small just go ball, yeah [DMX] Uh dog tags around my neck the streets are mine I might leave the heat behind Cause in the streets I'm fine That's why {niggaz} sleep till nine Out by ten back by ten Sleep till nine do it again If you love something let it go If it comes back to you it yours If it doesn't {fuck} it you'll never know You got me I got you, uh Dog with a dog, ride till we die If it's on then it's on Repeat 1 till end The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DMX, Drag-On, Eve, The L.O.X. Album: Ruff Ryders * Ryde or Die Volume One Song: Ryde or Die  Typed by: Exx1@aol.com [Sheek] Yo if gon' sleep on somethin, might as well be a bed And if you gon' crack a nigga, might as well be a head Cause if you targettin the L.O.X. You might as as well target a box That you gon' sleep in for years, all covered wit rocks Cause I think not, I pop shots, I double what y'all got Ya hotshots aint got blocks, ya punta muchacha From the days in school, now a motherfucker rule And I could drop my chain in court, yeah, keeps ya cool That's how ice be, I'm priceless, the iciest And I dont gotta wear fatigues to blow out your chest My bullets thump when I'm laced in some fly shit, punk The baby nine be on the daily, aint no poppin a trunk But if I pop the trunk, its to hand you a rag So you can wipe down the windows on the side of my Jag Must I brag? My shit paid for, yours tagged And every bitch you grabbed, Sheek bend em back [Jadakiss] Ayo I hope you aint tongue-kissin your spouse Cause I be fuckin her in the mouth Type of nigga buck at your house Too slick, means she be suckin my dick And before you know it, I'ma have her stuffin my bricks Jada, if I kiss you now, you'll die later I been nice since niggaz was watchin movies on Beta Ready to clap, everybody givin me gats Cause believe it or not, we be the ones settin the traps You listen to y'all shit, then listen to our shit Ain't nuttin y'all faggots could do but gossip That's the reason now y'all niggaz ain't got shit Cause everytime I turn around y'all on the L.O.X. dick Niggaz thats narrow, I just smack em wit the barrel Give it to em at the light, like Kane's cousin Harold Chorus: repeat 4X The Ruff Ryders! (What?) The Ruff Ryders [Styles] Fuck you and your son, y'all low wit the scum Show me the money, I'll show you a gun, motherfucker SP'll spin the corner while you parle' with dun I clap you, I clap him, and thats rule number one Suckin my dick, and I dont give a fuck what you spit Who you are, where you from, and who the fuck you can get Cause I sell records, plus I got a jail record Y'all niggaz ain't sayin shit until y'all bare weapons And even when you dead, you can still fuckin get it A nigga that'll smack ya, fuck around and clap ya Styles P., your favorite rapper's favorite rapper [Eve] Aint no surprise niggaz, only fuck wit recognized niggaz Babygirl want the world, gave ya pies niggaz No tops, take em in all shape and size niggaz No lie, prefer them ready do or die niggaz What? What you want? cutey starin at me like "Damn, where you from?" You be comin at me like "Can I get some?" Lick your lips for this brown sugar Suck mine like a thumb, if you want, til I come, uh -Chorus- [Drag-On] I be the D-R, A-G, dash O-N, slash often Comma, burnin niggas often They call me Drag-On, I'm hot scorchin Keep the block roastin Light a dutch wit the flames comin, toastin In my eyes you could see what summer's holdin Realizin, every guy I'll fry or dead rowdy I burn to a degree of 130, and my gun dirty Cause it got one bury, so you better run, hurry Or catch one early You wrong, tryin to touch me, what type of shit you on?  You better through your boots on and your unflammable suits on Cause I'm comin through wit a Yukon Black tinted wit gats in it Catch you while you smokin, send your casket, throw the sack in it But only half of it, cause y'all like half-ass dude And we are one whole, and y'all niggaz is one slash two My gun blast you, tryna out the flames, what're you, firemen? You'll catch a hell of a backdraft cause my fire retirin, aight then [DMX] Its my, survival instinct that keeps my head above the water Everyday I show another how a I love a slaughter Flood your daughter, full of more holes than spurges Taxin businessmen for stocks over lunches Wit these, I shoot the breeze, and extort Enough keys from the Cuban, to build a fuckin fort Caught up in somethin that I cant control Tryna get a hold of a bankroll, let's role Catch bodies like a cold, and I stay slick so face it Make me chase it, I take your life and erase it Waste it, in the fuckin streets cause it ain't worth shit The undertaker take your ass under the earth quick, I Love money, but the scrambles hot So i snatch up my man and the gamblin spot Twenty grand is got, one niggaz shot, one nigga less What used to be his chest is now a mess under his fuckin vest The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page   Warning : include(/home/ohhla/www/anonymous//rap_comp/ruffryde/bugout.rrc.txt) [ function.include ]: failed to open stream: No such file or directory in /home/ohhla/public_html/files/lyrics.php on line 67   Warning : include() [ function.include ]: Failed opening '/home/ohhla/www/anonymous//rap_comp/ruffryde/bugout.rrc.txt' for inclusion (include_path='.:/usr/lib/php:/usr/local/lib/php') in /home/ohhla/public_html/files/lyrics.php on line 67 The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DMX Album: Ruff Ryders * Ryde or Die Volume One Song: Some X Shit Typed by: i3omb1st@AOL.COM, OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [left and right DMX parts simultaneous] Whoo whoo!		Dog ni-gga 		WHAT? Whoo whoo!		Dog ni-gga [DMX] Uhh, Ruff Ryders, WHAT?! Volume One, Swizz Beats (WHOOO!) WHAT?! Uhh, uhh, (WHAT?!) all aboard! [DMX] If I thought y'all niggaz really wanted drama I'da been pulled out the armor, word to my momma I'ma -- hit y'all niggaz with somethin that you ain't never felt (WHAT?!) Hit y'all niggaz for frontin you caught up in that hell (WHAT?!) If I thought that half the shit that bitches said was true I'd be spitting lead at you, to dead your crew But -- if you know a bitch, you don't listen to that bitch You don't argue with that bitch, all you do is fuck that bitch! If I listened to all the snake niggaz that's runnin they mouth I wouldn't be in the crib, I'd be loadin up, to run in your house But -- you can't fuck with cowards, cause a coward'll be a coward He'll end up killin these cowards, and I'm not feelin these cowards! If I let the niggaz around my way tell me how to feel about me I guess I really, wouldn't be D  But I'm the best that ever did it, the best at it because I live it How many niggaz eat it and shit it, you cats want it? Come and get it! Chorus: DMX (repeat 2X) Grrr, ARF ARF, woo woo! Grrr, ARF ARF, woo woo! Tell me how you feelin now (WHAT?!) I know you illin now (WHAT?!) Tell me how you feelin now (WHAT?!) I know you illin now (WHAT?!) [DMX] It's not like me to have my back turned to open places I wanna SEE it when it's comin, so I can open faces Open cases got me PAYIN to stay out of jail (WHAT?!) While these streets, got me to prayin to stay out of hell (C'MON!) Slipped, and I fell, got back up -- slipped again But no matter what it's been, niggaz never got a win It's a thin line I walk, everyday but I'm good with it! Project nigga all my life, but wouldn't say the hood did it! Knew what I was doin, everyday that I've been doin it (okay) Seein niggaz havin a good time, so I'ma ruin it (yeah) Fuck you, and fuck your man, both y'all niggaz is puss! Frontin like you out the jungle but ain't never seen a bush! When push comes to shove, whatever love we had take it witchu Now peep what I just said and see how long it takes to hit you Everybody knows you can talk all day (YES) But when it's on what you gonna do - walk away? (YES) Chorus [DMX] Man, I told you I lock jaws, carry a glock four Close my eyes on y'all niggaz, the bullets'll watch yours Then I gotta open up another can of ass-whippin Y'all niggaz better pucker up, time for some real ass-kissin I'm a simple man, I lead a simple life, I mean simple like I don't need much to be aight, live off the land, eat atnight Handle whatever's comin when I get there, but I'm good (WHAT?!) Dismantle whatever's comin, y'all niggaz sit there and put up hoods! How my niggaz feelin? (GOOD!) How my niggaz like it? (ROUGH!) What my niggaz want? (BLOOD!) We stay callin niggaz bluff But if it's got to be, then it's gon' be, c'mon let's eat Whatever my niggaz want from me, is what my niggaz gonna get from me And if I ever.. let the words, of another nigga bother me I might as well.. let the sperm, of that other nigga father me But they know, like I know, the black Rhino Niggaz rippin through em and let the nine blow Nigga die slow! Oh.. oh oh!! Chorus 3X [DMX] Bounce, bounce, bounce, bounce What? Ruff Ryders, Volume One, the compilation DMX, Swizz Beats, uhh, double up What? Double up, y'all gotta feel us Y'all GOTTA feel us Rrrrr, ARF ARF, woo woo! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DMX Album: Ruff Ryders * Ryde or Die Volume Two Song: The Great Typed by: Itsfinest@aol.com [DMX] Wooh Come on Wooh Uh, uh, wooh Come on Wooh Uh, uh uh Man, I hear you niggas talkin But'choo walkin the wrong way to really mean it I done heard it, I done seen it, don't get caught up in between it Its a dark road you walkin on, same street that I be stalkin on Suppose to be quiet, but you keep talkin on Now ya mouth got you in some shit So we gon' let everybody see your gangsta ass get smaked like a bitch Guess I'll remind y'all niggas, I can find y'all niggas Click click, whats up, walk up right behind y'all niggas Once the four four hit'cha You ain't going no where but out the door on a stretcha Boy, I'ma get'cha Wet y'all niggas up like a pool 'Cuz I done told you, Y'ALL GON' MAKE ME LOSE MY COOL Yo Knock get the glock, these bitch niggas is actin Making movies, we'll make a movie about this shit after is happened All that yappin, that them niggas is gettin away with Take it easy my friend, let 'em know, dog ain't to be played with Chorus: DMX A nigga gotta take the good with the bad I'm fuckin with the hood and I'm glad I wish you understood why I'm mad cause it'd take a lot of pressure of my back A nigga gotta take the good with the bad I'm fuckin with the hood and I'm glad I wish you understood why I'm mad cause it'd take a lot of pressure of my back [DMX] Uh, uh, uh Most of these hard rocks turn out to be soft as wet dog shit Talkin shit, but when the fog spits, dog they all split Then all hit the ground around the same time In the same frame of mind, ?thangs up in the nine?  left them bitches blind, hit 'em up from behind Yeah, thats how you do that And he had such a good head up on his shoulders, but I blew that Fuck you black, you new cats don't know somethin important You die quick fuckin with my shit, and my shits extortin House rules, when I speak, y'all niggas listen I drop jewels that y'all cats can't afford to keep missin Triggered by stress, fueled by drugs Shits about to get real outta hand dog, betta get ya man dog Rap shit comes second, I'ma show you what a robber do Mention ice one more time and I'm robbin you Tie you up for a week starvin you Beatin the shit outta you everday, cuz yo, these niggas gotta pay Chorus [DMX] Uh, uh, uh Dog it ain't no secret 'bout how its going down once I put on the pressure It ain't nothing but another nigga put on a stretcher With a blanket over his face, take him to the morgue with the waste 'Cuz he was in the wrong place at the wrong time So I gave it to him in his chest In his throat, in his head, in his back, through his vest, YES Ain't a whole lot to braking a nigga down fast They call me black 'cuz thats how I'm gon' be on that ass Y'all pussy niggas think y'all sweet But ain't a fuckin thing going down til I eat So can I beef? You betta while you still got teeth 'Cuz they about to get knocked out, hopped out On that ass with a blast that'll make ya shit drop out Popped out, through a you know what Cuz you know why, and you know my Motherfuckin name up in this game And bitch, you know I Will never be crossed flippin, but on some east coast terms New York niggas do, fuck the perms Chorus The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DMX Album: R3: In 'R' We Trust Song: Friend of Mine Typed by: cali_2001_hurricane@hotmail.com * * send corrections to the typist [DMX] Uh-oh! (GROWLS) Don't tell me!(GROWLS) Don't tell me it's another one of these PK joints! Not another P. Killer joint! OH MY MOTHERFUCKIN'GOD! Uh, uh, uh [CHORUS] You better stop that Before I come ridin' back (RIGHT BACK) Right back to you (BACK TO YOU) I know you wouldn't like that (OH NO) We don't need no (WE DON'T NEED NO) Extra offer see (WE DON'T NEED NO) Wasn't really no friend of mine (WASN'T NO FRIEND) Wasn't really no friend of mine (OF MINE) [VERSE 1] I'm part of the meek, started to speak, at age 10 Other kids were ridin' bikes, but that was the age when I became a man, learned to stand, on my own One dog, no bone, so young, so grown Kid left home, shit got harder, kid got smarter Did my part of the bad shit, I was the starter Came from the heart of the hood, not lookin' too good Fuckin' did what I could; ready to bitch in the wood For all the shit you do, just when you think you sly What goes around, comes around, the wrong damn time Maybe too late, but damn, I shoulda did that back then Shoulda thought about that then, now come on out the den Slowly, Come on; keep your hands where I can see ‘em You don't know me, but we already got wifey tied up in the BM And know who set you up? That bitch with the crazy ass! Another shorty, another party of your shady past! [CHORUS] [VERSE 2] God don't like ugly, all that love me, wanna plug me But fuck me, it's about “Is this really what you want G?” The more dirt you do, the more dirt you get More fake niggas that ride, that'll jerk your dick The more you think your slick, but somebody sees everything Sometimes the thieves never hang They remain, outlaws, wild dogs, outdoors Strippin' cats about yours, it's all about claws Beggin', scratchin', weighin' and matchin' You stayin with the batch, and playin' with what you catchin' Do unto others, as you would have others do unto you, that's under you You must first separate from, then connect with Fuckin' with that X shit (WHAT), ‘cos this the best shit (WHAT) Motherfuck the rest bitch (WHAT), it's all about this (WHAT) Do what you do, and you get what you get! [CHORUS] [VERSE 3] See what it boils down to, is that it all comes through Remember what you do, cause it's gon' come true A little harder than you did it, but that's the way it is I aint know it be like this, but that's the way it is Keep fuckin' with them kids, cause they all get grown and shit When they get they own, what's gon' been that you shown ‘em? Fuck how to take a bone? How to rob a nigga of his throne? How to be left standin' alone? Get a nigga gone, that aint right Do it yourself, be a man and fight Nigga earn your stripes, I damn sure earned mine I already know your language, now try to learn mine Dig ‘til you find, and when you find you keep I done spelled it out for you, but you niggas is still asleep 6 feet deep, was just around the corner Be surprised how many niggas, wanna, wanna! [CHORUS] X 2 The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DMX, Jadakiss, Kartoon & Flashy Album: Ruff Ryders Volume 4: The Redemption Song: Get Wild Typed by: Theda Dot Com [Hook - Flashy] All my niggaz all my bitches get high get drunk get wild buck fool you know my style get crunk bitches bounce niggaz bounce let me give you that funk shit blunt shit while I make you bang it out your trunk [Verse 1 - DMX] You cats, talk slick but walk quick when the dog hit The dog hits coming back to the raw shit Aww shit they done let me back out the gate back out to tape back out to rape Back off the chains so please back out the way Before I blow ya back out with this fuckin AK Don't give a fuck what a nigga say no matter who he sound like Make sure you know what the rain is but its gonna be coming down like cats and dogs hold up it is cats and dogs keep fucking with the dog its gonna be cats in the morgue twenty- two million sold lets keep it real most y'all killers ain't even twenty- two years old Aint never felt the cold wet behind the ears know what real pain is cried real tears I go hard bogard and stand my ground Fuck y'all niggaz it's how its goin down baby [Hook] [Verse 2 - Jadakiss] It just don't look right Bullshit coke don't cook right The judge ain't throwin the book right Should thank the lord that you blew up softy Don't talk greasy you grew up off me I ain't letting go of the block and if I get a good enough grip I ain't lettin go of the lock If I happen to pinched I ain't goin to shock I'm gonna to get aquatinted with niggaz in general pop Stop but don't hate ‘cause everybody got a lil blood to donate Thugs'll go ape the women'll come around shortly after that is when the jealousy sets in then they'll shut it down It's just raspy nothin on the neck wrist ware just classy no way I'm letting this money just get past me When all I had to do in the first place from the beginning was get nasty [Hook] [Verse 3 - Kartoon] Niggaz been waitin' for that west coast shit I tell them to go fish Blowin purple in a purple Laker jersey wit the gold kicks bitches be like Toon you a mutha fuckin trip Hop in the whip and lean til that mutha fucka flip and every club in Cali crackin' its gangsta town keep a couple of niggaz with me that'll bang you down now lil mama put switches on and make it jump before me you needed Lil Jon to make it crunk naw for real come to Cali player take ya pump my New York niggaz leave y'all wit razor bumps now pappa raised a rolling stone I feel like pops In the absence of Makaveli I feel like Pac even though I got the deal I still might pop right in front of the po-po you could feel my shots man all my niggaz carry bangers we feel like SWAT and that's the reason why Rialto feel like Watts [Hook] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DMX Album: Ruff Ryders: Past, Present, Future Song: Get Your Money Up Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Intro: DMX] Uh, this that shit right here Grrrrr... WOO!! Yo, aiyyo It about the culmination (ABOUT TO GO DOWN!) It's about, it's about, it's about [DMX] Bark if you want nigga I gots to let you know, I got them things that'll get you gone nigga When it's on nigga, we call it backfire We air niggaz out, it's like a flat tire We some grown men, on some grown shit On some "you best leave me the fuck alone" shit We get it on quick, you know what type of shit this is But we ain't gettin drunk cause we don't need no witnesses FUCK YOU to the judge, FUCK YOU to the police Fuck the snitch in his fuckin ass, with no grease We don't want no peace, war 'til we die And we gon' get it in 'til we fall or we fly [Chorus 2X: DMX] Get your money up! (What!) Get your paper right! (Yeah!) Get your money up! (What!) Get your paper right! (Yeah!) Get your money up! (What!) Get your paper right! (Yeah!) And watch a nigga do his thing for real, AIGHT? [DMX] Back on the grind, back on the clock Comin back for mine, back on the block The kid is, back with the Glock to stick niggaz up Hear that meat wagon, come pick niggaz up What nigga, WHAT? You keep a dick in yo' mouth I'm from New York, but I'm STILL the shit in the South Muh'fuckers don't wan' know about the Dog And I ain't got no friend for, all of y'all Look, shit now here gon' change nigga, for real! Red dot on yo' brain nigga, for real! I ain't got time for the bullshit Y'all niggaz is mutts, I'm a full Pit on my way to the pulpit The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DMX, Drag-On, Mook, Swizz Beatz, The L.O.X. Album: Ruff Ryders: Past, Present, Future Song: World's Greatest Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Chorus: Swizz Beatz] Yo! Yeah, it's the world's greatest (Ruff Ryders!) Make you throw your bikes up - Double R! (bikes up) Make you rep your hood (rep your hood) Now SCREAM! (SCREAM!) Whoa-ohh-ohh-ohh (c'mon!) {*7X*} What! [DMX - over Chorus] Grrrrrr We got Swizz on the joint We got 'Kiss on the joint We got Styles P, Sheek Louch, Mook, Drag-On Ruff Ryders! Ruff Ryders! Uh [Mook] I think I'm gettin why these motherfuckers hate me Cause I been puttin pressure on e'rything lately And I'm hearin pressure bust pipes kinda easy With that bein said I apologize to BP But to the rest of y'all, it's no courtesy I'm not a nest so won't none of y'all bird-in/burden me Next generation of the Double R, lights up I'm the next nigga that's gon' make 'em throw they bikes up I literally have millions watchin me On stage turnin dudes to a mockery Yeah they copy me with no cam These niggaz is chickens in beefs steady talkin 'bout they go HAM You confused you meat-lover I got Swizz feelin like Dre when he made "Deep Cover" I'm the next Double R meal ticket Make like a deck of cards nigga, deal wit it! [Drag-On] My flow dope like the methadone clinic Pull down the Phantom window see a don in it Glove box, you might see the Qu'ran in it Underneath the firearm, am I wrong wit it? I drop the roof to be captured by the sun Relayed my bars and remastered e'ry one Niggaz wonderin where the fuck Drag at I'm on Twitter hittin e'rybody back Drag to the dash, I ain't back to claim shit I still got the same crown I first came with If I had to do it all again I wouldn't change shit Now I'ma shine when the rain get thick, nigga~! [Sheek Louch] Donnie G, yeah Aiyyo all the pretty girls go around the outside Porsche or the Range Rover, meet me in the ride Windows all jet black, you ain't gotta hide Donnie, Razor Ramon, Bobby Backlund - this my throne Cranberry silver Patrón, they love me Hat back like I'm 15, face clean Nice blue jeans sittin on the Louis I used to run base and I don't mean Matsui A long way from Dr. Jays and Conways I still like hoodrats, some Beyoncés Pop off, you ain't never seen AK's Top down, Eddie Levert in The O'Jays Whoa, Donnie killin that UFO It took a lil' while but Donnie gon' blow Haters seen Sheek, nope! Donnie on the go Might as well call me butter cause Donnie on a roll [Jadakiss] Yeah, aiyyo Personally I think I'm underrated if nothin else Ask around, they'll tell you Jada is somethin else Motherfuck who they know It's the kid with the, diesel bars and pull they flow It's a couple dudes I ain't get rid of yet But ain't no rush, niggaz is butt like the back of the cigarette Holla when it's time for the blood to get spilt I only negotiate for thugs to get killed Hustler, artist, CEO On the low blowin strawberry kiwi 'dro Sling 'caine 'til they cut off my hands Other than that, I'ma spit pain 'til they cut off my glands Got work all over the stove Get money all over the globe And the Range all over the road The crib and the whips is lavish Double R mob life, 'Kiss is... [Styles P] You know me, playin 'Kiss and Ne-Yo wit'cha bitch Or Sheek and Carl Thomas runnin a trio on ya bitch Shoot him in the mouth, bet you he ain't gon' snitch ... Fuckin with three bad niggaz! Or tonguin ya girl for the teabag niggaz She's wavy, we crazy ADHD, know where the weight be On the scale with the guns off safety Eyes hazy, money, mansion, Mercedes Surrounded by killers, O.G.'s, crack babies Loadin up the nine, dope stay a dime Two blunts in the Watson 749 Red wine, avocado, salad with the lime and cilantro Head honcho rockin the poncho Way out in Mexico Ten for the bird, I'll let you place the decimal Turn ya ass vegetable [DMX] Grrrr... not again! It's the Dog with the K's! C'mon! C'mon! C'mon! C'mon! C'mon! C'mon! You the next nigga? Well, I'm the X nigga Name still ringin bells so fuck the rest nigga~! Do this shit for real while, y'all niggaz is actin I'm old school like, Andre the Giant and Bob Backlund Cats ain't never, been able to ever fuck with the Dog, whatever the weather When I come through niggaz bow down like Muslims prayin I'm just tryin to understand what these fools is sayin Don't MAKE ME, somebody better take me outta here This is what it comes down to? Fuck outta here! Cats gotta fear, a nigga like me I come through in beast mode from New York to A-Z Bitch you fuckin crazy thinkin Dog ain't got it Dog gon' hit it as, soon as y'all spotted I'm strapped to the death, 'til there's half of 'em left I'm the last of 'em left, 'til the last of my breath C'MON! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Murder, Inc. (DMX, Ja Rule, Jay-Z) Album: Streets is Watching Soundtrack Song: Murdergram Typed by: I3omb1st@AOL.COM [Jay-Z] Niggas is dead, dead I tell you, can't be serious What you think is gonna happen with three of the illest niggas together Street music and so fourth on one track,huh? Can't be serious, it's murda nigga, huh, it's Murda Motha fuckers wanna kill me but don't got the heart To look me in the eyes with the nine and spark Cause whether your for or against this When I spit with murderous intentions, everybody goes everybody knows The weapons I possess they not for show And you put dresses on your weapons when you walk out the door See once I flash mother fuckers better do the one shot dash Or be one shot ass J to the A-Y to the drive by to your hood screamin bye-bye to you Why would you fuck with me  Knowing I put you six feet deep and them niggas could die wit'cha Cock the hot pistol and pop the hot Cristal And promise you only one thing, to not miss you Jahova know the god that served ya Cause dead or alive when I arrive it's Murda [Ja Rule] Shit I hope ya'll niggas know to lay low now Cause thou shall perish if you don't bow down Cause I hit em on sight, its dark dim the lights You shot twice god bless to this the night That alot of niggas fear the coming of their life And you dead right be in hell looking for ice Fuckin with Ja you bitch niggas talking shit All on my dick you broke niggas making me rich You gonna blaze me cause you high ripped off the henne rock Flow semi-hot handling me your not Check my forte not even on a bad day you beat this Rather beat your dick or your bitch My flow be the sick shit, gravely ill Niggas dying cause they know I spit like iron, nothing but bark flyin Flows and mics, hell and night, go together like heaven and light Niggas ain't seein my plight, It's alright I let the world know I shine like ice I bet it all I can throw a hard four in the dice Cause I'm a gambling man, you should gamble with a gat in your hand Spin in barrel and put it to your head Cause we don't dance no more all we do is cock and spit Dedicated to giving you nothing but thug shit Think we playing, you undoubtable fall further Fuckin with I N C is Murda [DMX] I'm a cruddy nigga, goin raw-doggin dirty bitches and if I get burnt, I'm givin that shit to thirty bitches You say you know a nigga like me, guess again Poppy I might smile up in your face but I ain't your friend Poppy Jump out the fifteen hundred like runnin, niggas don't want it Get it, Done it, when I'm blunted However it went down, I made it happen, made it scrapin I made it fussin, bustin, I made it cappin And lettin off wasn't nothing new to a nigga Something to do to a nigga, Cause you is a fool nigga I know your type, you hype, all up off that fake shit  You can't understand why a man would have to take shit Or steal shit, but this is that real, niggas kill shit, peel shit I hit you in your head you won't feel shit!!! URRUURRRR..... Let the dogs lose on a niggas ass Find out if the niggas faster then the trigger's blast A fucking snake in the truest form  Knowin damn well that what I do is wrong, plus what I do is strong Niggas is makin movies so i gots to stop production I need a block to function and maybe I'll stop destructin The blocks is not for frontin, So let me get that shorty Cause you don't need that shorty you don't know what to do with that shorty You might as well hit this 40, before you hit the floor Another 24, What you want, Money, More!?! Them niggas did it raw, with no condom You find em, sayin sorry he for what he said before I blind them Get the flame out the four fifth, and there aint gonna be no more riff Dog you want a floss tiff, but would of made it to the door if Bullets travled alot slower, and you ran alot faster But they don't and you can't so don't think about after Cause tomorrow ain't comin, so stop runnin  cause you gonna die like a sucker Murder Motherfucker!!! Uh!, where my mother fucking dogs at, Uh, Uh My nigga Jigga, My dog Ja, Irv Gotti, Rough Riders, Def Jam Where my dogs at, Top Fight Uh, Where my dogs at Hold me down baby, Hold me down baby, Hold me down baby Boomer One Love Nigga, URRUURRRR, Murda Motherfucker.. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DMX Album:	Swizz Beatz Monster Mondays Song: Time to Get Paid Typed by: s.mkhize27@gmail.com [Biggie: Juicy Sample] Time to get paid Time to get, time-time to get, time to get paid Time to get.. Now I'm in the limelight cause I rhyme tight Now I'm in the limelight cause I rhyme tight Time to get paid Time to get, time to get, time to get, time to get paid Now I'm in the limelight cause I rhyme tight Now I'm in the limelight cause I rhyme tight Time to get paid Time to get, time to get, time to get, time to get paid [DMX] Money, money, money Bitches, bitches, bitches All these fucking killers but a jail full of snitches A dollar ain't got a fucking thing to do with riches Say cheese, now I got pictures of what a bitch is Got a crew of guerillas, start chickens like roaches? Put niggas lights out, buenos nochas You can go to the left, but don't lose the focus Whatever the fuck you do, don't lose the focus Ain't nothing changed, nigga throw them R's up Come through on a higher boost, light them cars up Vato's Locos, man we are nuts You know that's us when we tear shit up We get's it in, no muthafucking doubt Ain't got to pop a nigga, I punch him in his mouth Got ya soft like funeral music, cut it out For real, fuck is all the noise about [Biggie: Juicy Sample] [DMX] When you walk like a duck, I'ma treat it like a duck If it look like pussy than it's gon get fucked See, we get down for real, blam niggas from the truck And we can keep talking slick but you don't get stuck Cats making funny moves and I don't know what you up too But keep talking slick and you gon make me say fuck you I'm a grown ass nigga, walk alone ass nigga Bring it to you, ain't no beefing on the phone ass nigga Nowadays there's so much (?) I wouldn't be surprised if there was (?) They don't make 'em like they used to But y'all better get used to a nigga keeping it real Just because he choose to They know I'm in some pain because I go against the grain Go against the game and show a nigga that a Throw a nigga the (?) Keep nigga talking, Double R for life, we deep nigga, what! [Biggie: Juicy Sample] [Outro - DMX] All my life, I've been struggling I've been struggling, but I will be alright All my life, I've been struggling I've been struggling, but I will be alright The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DMX Album: They Want War 12" Song: They Want War (Ja Rule Diss) Typed by: dynamite9383@yahoo.com [DMX] Uh, uh, uh, uh, uh  UUUUHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!! [Chorus: 2x] They want war Ride Out! They want war Ride out! They want war (What) But you really don't know what you asking for (Come on) [DMX] “Yo, you remember the first time we rocked sound stage  When the world was ready to let the dog out the cage?  Covered the whole crowd rocking from here to there  All you said was "throw your hands in the air!"  You'se a hype man nigga (What) I started you dude  You have bitches part of your crew that's harder than you Let me tell you what niggaz in jail say across that table That you are the cutest bitch on your label  Only records you got are the ones you signing on (la la la)  Never been to jail, never had a block you were slanging on  We all rode with killers just think  But you, come on dog, the only thing you murdered was inc You got to watch the shit you say to niggaz  Sitting over there smiling, but pussy, I don't play with niggaz  I'm about to make you a fucking believer  Next time send your man in your place cause I don't battle divas [Chorus 2x] Time's up! What the fuck? That's the verdict  Cats spit some weak shit, dog done heard it  That's the best you can come up with? Fucking faggot  I'ma bout to run up quick, run up cliques (click, boom) All you cats do is talk trash  And I got 50 that says Alicia Keys will bust your ass  What you about a buck 5? Buck 6?  I'm coming right for you nigga, can't duck this  Me jealous for what? You don't even know  The way you be running around dancing in bitches videos You're embarrassing me junior, I loved you like a son You been on my dick since "4, 3, 2, 1" How the fuck you supposed to be the head of your crew When everybody with you flow better than you? You do it like this, since you gotta have dick to swing on I got a blazing R&B joint you can sing on [Chorus: 2x] Come on, come on Uh, uh What the fuck is wrong with this nigga man? Fuck, don't he know? Doesn't he fucking know? We gon find out today Arf, arf, arf, arf, arf, arf The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DMX f/ Drag-On, The Luniz Album: Turf Stories soundtrack Song: Ryde or Die (Remix) Typed by: KrayzieDMX@Hotmail.com (Background talking) Knumskull (DMX) Yeah Yeah, now we on the west coast (nigga), Hooked up with my partners, Ruff Ryders, To represent the turf, Come to lay down the turf stories, To represent real brothers gettin money, on the paper chase (nigga), We gon start off with my man, so, you know what I'm sayin, DMX let em know. DMX: Niggas is gettin trampled on, what's all the fuss about? Suckin my dick so hard, I'm bustin in their mouth. And then I stuff em out, four to the mid', fuck what I did With no regard for a bid, ripped you up, while you wit your kid Slid into the shadows, cause I'm dark like that I bark like that, jet black, but I spark like that Where ARE they at, when I get thirsty, shit Ain't a nigga strong enough to stand the worst it gets Bits, and pieces are all thats that left Niggaz so scared to death, they hold they motherfuckin breath Til I pass, cause they asked, and I smelled em The S-P-E-L-L-E-D T-H-E-M, I spelled em To make me have to swell one, eye up, lump up one head Catch a body with the shottie, pump up one dead Red alert, niggaz is about to get hurt, do work to skirts, like a jag on the merk, ARF Night time is the right time for creepin Vandalize your crib, rape your wife while she's sleepin I been off the deep end, since I was semen That's why now, I'm such a motherfuckin demon! SCREAMIN, my bloody head off, shit on my mind I gotsta get off Can't even hold a joint, lest I let off A couple of rounds, from the big three pound, seven That's about eleven hundred as of now. Chorus- (2 times) Yukmouth (DMX): We ride, side to side, guys back to back, (nigga) Surrounded by a wolfpack, tryin to scrap with gats, You betta ride or die, nigga ride or die, (uh huh, uh huh) You gotta ride or die, nigga ride or die! Drag-On: I put a grenade in your pocket to blow your arms out, Put something black in your moms mouth, ya'll cats better calm down, This rap shit is Drag-On's now, if I catch ya'll clowns, No question what I axe (ask) ya'll clowns, I'ma gat ya'll down, For the benjamin bills, I shoulda been killed, I keeps it real though, For these plats though I leave nothin but widows, You're a gang, but so what, can you really bang with us? Be like a phone, cause we off the hook, And ya'll better hang it up, I stay high, but I don't plan to go to heaven, I plan to burn like the furnace, til ya'll learn, Even if it's with the burners, Until your mom can dish straight, forget her son, To give her the dick, tore a clip and I stripped her one, For that's dragon, that's the one, What's blastin, that's his gun, Who's lastin, no one, So if you splashin to blow one, Like I said before, I'ma lock it down like Shaqula So make your sister be the ??? and none back to her. Yukmouth: After midnight, busta niggas can't even hang out, Niggas on the west, we put them dank things out, Drive by and try to blow them fuckin brains out, And cocaine drought, survive and reside with a new click, But use the same route, Pull the range out, Get brains pal, while I'm drivin, Live and direct, front five and a tech, Stash in the Range, but nine in the Lex, Got bitches, shining briggets, for me, Grindin correct, for me, Signin off checks, for me, Send a bitch outta town, now she buyin the bricks, for me, Passes from the brick, homie, Keep grindin with your click, homie, Cause on top there's no way, Cock your chromayy, Stock your monayyy, Feds caught the homayyy, It's just the monay got coppers on mayyy, Helicopters on mayyy, bust off the blockers phonayyy, Ramshack this house, put choppers on it, Bitches safe and shit, niggas takin shit, Break his wrist, pistol whipping duck tape his bitch. Chorus (2 times) Yukmouth: Bitch, to all my niggas locked in Rita and Simson, We still the ice cream men, Just switched it up from a truck to a great benz, We made men, and kingpins, triple-beam men, Give me a quarter key, I bet I flip a key, By the weekend, our styles are grand theiven, If not, niggas ain't leavin, Unless they bleed the demon prayer from my deacon, In front of the casket, you done it you bastard, I pack mathematics to keep it crackin, Head ride to ask it, BITCH! DMX: How-can-one-man-kill-so-many-and the-sin-be-plenty-before-the-age-of-20, Life ain't worth a penny in, my book faggot, That's why I took faggot shit, I'm a crook faggot, Fat loops leather jackets, I bag it, along with, The jewels smackin tools out the hands of fools, On the strength that they don't know what they holdin, Niggaz called me TAILOR cause the WAY that I be sewin, Shit up cause I get up, off my ass and SKATE Makin more moves than U-Haul, from state to state I speak the GREAT, and if a nigga tells you different You turn around you ask the nigga, "FUCK is you be sniffin?" Cause when it come to riffin, I am the riff raffin, Gots to say nuttin, niggaz know they get half, And I can still laugh, at those who's toes I'm steppin on, Disrespect and pulling out a weapon on, Nice joint, I know you wish you coulda kept it on, But that's another story, don't even sweat, it's gone (echo gone). The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DMX Album: Walk With Me Now and You'll Fly With Me Later Song: Already Typed by: sheeshumunga@hotmail.com * * first single; send corrections to the typist Grrrrrr See this is what the fuck we do I been seein' what y'all do But it ain't...ahh fuck it! [DMX] Cats is runnin' their mouth Already 'Til they get that gun in their mouth Already Now what's all the frontin' about? Already Thought I wasn't comin' in that house? Already Now they see a whole different crew Already Ever since that thing went boom! Already Every hood I'm that dude Already Ghetto pass stay gettin' renewed Already Y'all know how the dog move Already I ain't got a damn thing to prove Already What's my motherfuckin' name? Already It's not a fuckin' game! Already COME ON! [Chorus: DMX] It's somethin I do Ain't got nothin to do With the frontin' you do With your fuck ass crew Fuck what you think Fuck what you say Cuz I'ma be the dog all day (Repeat) [DMX] Hold up, shit went to the left Already Lying with every motherfuckin' breath Already Y'all must think niggas is stupid Already With that bullshit that you did Already Come on we all saw right through that Already Try this but don't do that Already You can't do this but don't do that Already Man that's why I ain't comin' at ya black Already This whole rap shit fell apart Already Gotta take it back to the start Already Kickin' real shit from the heart Already Ask y'all that verse to be dark Already COME ON! [Chorus: 2x] [DMX] Cats wanna rap but can't write Already Niggas is divas that can't fight Already Grown men still suckin' dick Already Niggas more bitch than a bitch Already Wanna be gangsta and a snitch Already What part of the game is this!? Already Y'all know how I get down Already Ring bells when I hit town (ding, ding, ding) Straight up I lay shit down Already What bitch I lay shit now Already Dog off the leash again Already Ask around in the streets I'ma win Already COME ON! [Chorus: 2x] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DMX f/ Freeway Album: Walk With Me Now and You'll Fly With Me Later Song: Where You Been Typed by: dynamite9383@yahoo.com [DMX] Ayo dog, where you been? (Lookin up right there) When you gon hit a skin? (It's already there) Ayo the game really needs you (So I go harder) And when they say "yo fuck that nigga", then I'm start a... War, it just might turn out to be (WHAT) Six months, motherfuckin record spree Cats disrespected what it means to rap Went away, made a few moves and came right back to trap That's how you do bitch niggas Straight out the hood, right up to rich niggas None of y'all cats is out of touch I could reach all of y'all and it don't take much Every party we do, we gon bring at least ten  Robbery dudes, all make robbery moves To these dudes, the robbery is food Nigga don't want to wait, come on dog, pass the plate How the fuck you gon talk about crew, hold up Whatever I rep, the whole fuckin world throw up Slow up or get put down, shut down I puttin my foot down, it is what it is, baby, what now Whooo, all you cats is builts for nothin but frontin Stop the bluffin, for real, you now want nothin Niggas don't want no parts of Free And you don't want a motherfuckin thing from me H-E-L-P F-A-S-T E-N-D up in the emergency The urgency to break niggas down with Cause you know, out the gates, I'm not to be fucked around with, nigga [DMX] (Freeway) What we gon do is (What we gon do is) Party (We gon party) What we gon do is (Rock all my crew) We came to party  What we gon do is We all came to get down Dun dun dun dun dun dun dun dun dun [Freeway] I been out on the block, soon as it drops So I'm gon spit harder, and if you yell... I'ma start some  Shit from the rip, I'ma bring out the pump Make them blow up and crunch when I air out the clique They dont want it with the Roc-A-Fella pitbull Sick, so I carry and I will bury your clique bitch It's the frontline of X I'm two-steppin, got my weapon and the extra nine And you get wet if you over step the line And oh yeah, call the doctor while I find the vet You little niggas better eat your vegetables Get your weight up, be back out to bless y'all Me and Dark Man got it mapped out My nick name Hawk Man, don't get your face cut Countin scars and gon get your place rushed From me and my nation, with my gun glow in the dark man You hear and see and hear what its sparks man Free is here, my strong man, give up your safe, buck Yup, so fuck what you heard He can't see me in the battle cause I battle with the burner And I know you wanna battle, cock back the burner And I let a nigga have it with the rat-tat-tat And if I'm askin to battle and He try to battle Free and he gave em what he wanted With a shot to the stomach, if his crew got a problem We can shoot it out, midnight to the morning hour [DMX] (Freeway) What we gon do is (What we gon do is) Party (We gon party) What we gon do is (Rock with my crew) We cam to party What we gon do is We all came to get down Dun dun dun dun dun dun dun dun dun (Repeat till fade) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DMX Album: Walk With Me Now and You'll Fly With Me Later Song: Y'all Niggaz Typed by: sheeshumunga@hotmail.com Ah shit, what the fuck? Are you serious? Hit the motherfuckin' floor, baby! Let's go! Uh, uh, uh, YEAH! Uh, uh, uh, YEAH! Uh, uh, uh, YEAH! Let's go! [DMX] Y'all lookin' for names, I'm lookin' for beats Y'all lookin' for fame, I live in the streets Y'all talk the talk, but I walk the walk School street, home of the brave, NEW YORK Y'all make movies, but I make moves Straight up, y'all got somethin' to prove Y'all niggaz duck, but I swing back Y'all niggaz run, but I bring gats Y'all niggaz whisper, "X is a crackhead" Aight fuck it, I'ma just crack heads I bang niggaz that cross the line Y'all niggaz talk shit from way behind I stand my ground, but y'all niggaz don't Shit I go to jail, but y'all niggaz won't Y'all niggaz walk around and get scared But I don't give a fuck, I don't care [Chorus: DMX] I ain't a dancing nigga, I just move to the beat Sit there and nod my head but won't move my feet Gangsta, so I'm holdin' up the walk That dancing shit up to the rest of y'all (Repeat) [DMX] Y'all niggaz is pussy, straight up ass I keep that thing, and I'll blast letcha man know, he don't wanna push me Remember, it's you not me that's pussy Y'all niggaz walk light on your toes I come through hard, kickin' down doors I spit a mean 16 without a pause Then let 16 go just because You in it for the dough, I'm in it for life You in jail beatin' your dick, I'm fuckin' your wife I bring the drama, I bring the noise Kidnap yo mama, bring her to the boys I make shit happen with one word You take shit laughin' nigga, you's a bird I take niggaz for everything they got That's why I'm the dog and you not The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DMX Album: The Wood soundtrack Song: I Can, I Can Typed by: cdw05@gnofn.net Uh, Ruff Ryderz, DMX, Swizz Beatz [Verse 1] I be, I be that dog that gots to flow That's why, that's why baby I gots to blow And you, and you know it's straight from the gutter Because, because it's gettin darker than a mother Slow down, slow down partner you movin too quick Oh now, oh now gotcha, your crew and them sick What now, what now nigga, you feelin this shit? But how, but how is this nigga killin this shit Don't think, don't think that it couldn't happen again Don't blink, don't blink cuz I put a (?) in your chin Then what, then what niggas is gonna see you dead For what, for what over some shit a bitch said But why, but why did your life mean so liitle? I tried, I tried but you got me caught up in the middle This is, this is what it all comes down to I did, I did what a nigga had to do, come on [Hook] Don't worry 'bout me Cuz I'm a be the dog that I am, you know, D The type of nigga that y'all niggas love when you see So y'all, don't worry bout me, ya hear me? [Verse 2] What's up, what's up with that nigga they call D? I am, I am what niggas is tryin to be And will, and will continue to do my thing They love, they love all that dark shit that I bring Know why, know why? Cuz I keep it realer than you  You can't, you can't cuz of all the shit that you do You know, you know just what I'm talkin about You asked, you asked nothin bout runnin your mouth A bitch, a bitch what you thought niggas couldn't tell? You flipped, you flipped after two days in a cell Good thing, good thing I knew what was on your mind You sing, you sing but you still gon do your time No bail, no bail cuz they don't believe your story Oh well, oh well guess you gon do that forty I'm here, I'm here still gettin platinum plaques You there, you there still tryin to watch your back [Hook] X 4 The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DMX Album: X Gonna Give it to Ya 12" Song: X Gonna Give it to Ya Typed by: don_vaskez@freemail.hu [DMX] Arf arf Yeah, yeah, yeah (Grrrr) Uh, Yeah don't get it twisted This rap shit, is mine Motherfucker, it's not, a fucking, game Fuck what you heard It's what you hearin It's what you hearin (Listen) It's what you hearin (Listen) It's what you hearin (Listen) [Verse 1] X gon' give it to ya Fuck wait for you to get it on your own X gon' deliver to ya Knock knock, open up the door, it's real Wit the non-stop, pop pop and stainless steel Go hard gettin busy wit it But I got such a good heart I'll make a motherfucker wonder if he did it Damn right and I'll do it again Cuz I am right so I gots to win Break bread wit the enemy But no matter how many cats I break bread wit I'll break who you sendin me You motherfuckers never wanted nothin, but your life saved Bitch, and that's on a light day I'm gettin down, down like a nigga said FREEZE! But won't be the one endin up on his knees (woo) Bitch please, if the only thing you cats did was came out to play - stay out my way [Chorus 2X: DMX] First we gonna ROCK, then we gonna ROLL Then we let it POP, GO LET IT GO X gon' give it to ya He gon' give it to ya X gon' give it to ya He gon' give it to ya [Verse 2] Ain't never gave nothin to me But everytime I turn around Cats got they hands out wantin something from me I ain't got it so you can't get it Lets leave it at that cuz I ain't wit it Hit it wit full strength, I'm a jail nigga So I face the world like it's Earl in the bullpen You against me, me against you Whatever, whenever - nigga, fuck you gon' do? I'm a wolf in sheep's clothing Only nigga that you know that can chill Come back and get the streets open I've been doing this for nineteen years Niggas wanna fight me? Fight these tears I put in work and it's all for the kids But these cats done forgot what work is (UH-HUH!) They don't know who we be Lookin! but they don't know who they see [Verse 3] Aiyyo where my niggaz at?! I know I got them down in the game Give 'em love and they give it back Talk too much for too long Don't give up you're too strong (What?!) Dub to the wow wow honeys (yeah!) Shoutout to niggaz that done it And it ain't even about the dough It's about gettin down for what you stand for yo The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Big Kap + Funkmaster Flex f/ Ruff Ryders Album: The Tunnel Song: We in Here Typed by: RR2000D@aol.com Yeah you know how we do it, Funk Flex, Big Kap, Def Jam The Tunnel, Ruff Ryders, Let's go baby Ruff Ryders (We in here!) Ruff Ryders (We stayin here!) Ruff Ryders (Ain't goin nowhere,  Ain't hidin nowhere, ain't runnin nowhere) [Drag-On] Ya'll laughin, when we comin, we checkin the cabinets Body parts we baggin, we ain't comin for the crack We come to crack backs and ? over niggaz hair dew Spit rays, pop off C's and graze niggaz fades I creep in a Mustang, bust my heat in the rain Till they get a rust stain Y'all niggaz heard of me, probably wanna murder me I'll pull up on ya block and turn your white teeth burgundy Let's see some surgery [EVE] Watch the first lady as she rides Rougher than the rest of them bitches What it take for cats to hush they mouth This one official Come on clown prove it's still an issue Streets is ours, have ya homies weepin cause they miss you Thought it was a game when I said the dogs would get you Heard you fucked up cause E-V-E bit you Flex knows what the real is That's why he deal wit  Ruff Ryders baby droppin bombs nigga feel this Ruff Ryders (We in here!) Ruff Ryders (We stayin here!) Ruff Ryders (Ain't goin nowhere,  Ain't hidin nowhere, ain't runnin nowhere) [Jadakiss] Why ya'll braggin, I'm over here choppin and baggin And I don't want the drop coupe so I'm choppin the wagon Dark navy blue six speed, six air-bags Even if this shit crash, feel like Six Flags And ya'll niggaz cant block my shells When I'm in jail the C.O. don't lock my cell Before any rap group, we was the L.O.X. crooks I'll slap a hundred dollars on the whole blocks books And know the block shook, when I walk by Niggaz just like you they rather not look I inspired y'all niggaz to flow I'ma always get money so I admire ya'll niggas that blow Ask ya self who the nicest out right now Put your ice up lets get on the mic right now Clown, I'm the top cat where it stops at Where lightning and thunder at And y'all niggaz is under that [Styles] If you runnin with the P. you gonna get your turn Tuck my gun while its hot to feel my dick hair burn Might come through the spot where the shottie and what Body to block and hot wanna the Bacardi wit rocks I aint never drive a bike but I ride on the back Rob wit a gat, shit I still ride wit my craps If you wanna go to war we can tally it up Escalate and venally it up, what? Ruff Ryders (We in here!) Ruff Ryders (We stayin here!) Ruff Ryders (Ain't goin no where,  Ain't hidin no where, ain't runnin no where) [Sheek] If you like Sheek, you hold heat and no one know Bust yo' gun and leave the body where no one go I pack some shit for any type of situation Only time I don't pack heat is on vacation Ands that's the blow dryer next to the Playstation I'm big but I use shit to kill you quick And I don't wrestle unless chicks do bad on my dick Flex know I bring somethin hot to the spot [DMX] What would you rather have the 10 you found or the 5 you earned Became a man at 6 cause at 5 you learned Don't take nothin for granted except death Man of the house cause you the last nigga left see how it's going dizzy with the shit so we can blast a rhyme Hope the Lord got your soul cause your ass is mine Every time you turn around niggas know that I be right there East turned to West coast, cravin for the nightmare Don't give a fuck about what you sling  Cause you ain't slingin that shit, or bringin that shit  Up the hill, but you still singin that shit Talkin shit like you know what its like to walk this shit Get on some stalkin shit  So you know what niggaz rule New York and shit I'm just thinkin all the business and how to handle ya'll niggaz All the families that I got lightin candles for niggaz Breathin revelence, grandmothers fallen out and need the sedatives Mom huggin the casket wishin that she raised a better kid [Swizz Beatz] Y'all niggaz actors I'll put your face where your muthafuckin back was Im tired of y'all niggaz actors Y'all know what y'all gonna get And y'all niggaz know damn well who y'all fuckin wit Little slim nigga like me, big gun like this And my gun bust and gun never miss I'm the nigga that make ya miss Christmas When we go to court you know shit dismissed [Chorus] x4 Ruff Ryders (We in here!) Ruff Ryders (We stayin here!) Ruff Ryders (Ain't goin nowhere,  Ain't hidin nowhere, ain't runnin nowhere) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Bizzy Bone f/ DMX Album: A Song For You Song: A Song For You Typed by: EPL0621@yahoo.com Bizzy Bone It's the Dog, Bizzy Bone Got the Dog You got Bizzy Bone ya man Undisputed champion boy Here's how it's done aight I love you in a place, Where there's no space or time I love you, for the life, You're a friend of mine And when my life is over, Remember when we were together We were alone, and I was singing this song to you Fully-Automatic, Whateva you want to know We got's to cry, That I Stand in the back and ready, Attack And ready for combat, I Heavly heated, Weeded, Beat it, Need it, See it Get it, Get it, Get it, Good, Don't get it missunderstood My homey, Only homey, Walking and we talking fo' sho And I'm a be with him in the end with forgiveness, No more And remember the words are (herb?) perfict, How could I be worthy And when I feel so dam dirty, Dirty By leaning on a leer jet, Baby ain't here yet Henny, Caffeine, & nicotine, Notice I left out the green Notice I never brake a set, Who's that Fuck it I don't even know the chick, I don't even know that shit Ex me, Perplex me, Flex on decks man Chastment, Investment, Quiet as kept I say now, (Man, Man, Man, Man) Ex me, Perplex me, Flex on decks man Chastment, Investment, Quiet as kept Fair I love you in a place, Where there's no space or time I love you, for the life, You're a friend of mine And when my life is over, Remember when we were together We were alone, and I was singing this song to you Mad stressed, that I can't even sleep were I rest So now I were a vest, but what if I don't catch it in the chest Then I'm out, just like the light when the powers gone And there's another tombstone, the childs putin flowers on Long live the dream, of making enough cream Were I won't have to skeem, or roll aroud with the team And niggas I can't trust, and I mite have to bust Over something dumb, know where I'm coming from fuck the fuss It's to much to bare, and everyday is getting worse Got me plotin on my peeps, and how to get'em first It's something to make a nigga strive, and {Stay alive} So I wach my own back {With a black 45} Are thay coming? Thay coming to get us "I'm ready For eva", they never defeat you Thay'll never deceipt ya! "WHAT!, Come on" And were are thay coming? Thay coming to get us "I'm ready For eva", the love of the future Thay'll never defeat ya! "YEAH!, Come on" I love you in a place (I love you), Where there's no space or time (Time) I love you, for my life (I love you), You're a friend of mine (Mine) And when my life is over, Remember when we were together We were alone, and I was singing this song to you Tell me do you remember, Cause Baby I Remember We were alone, and I was singin my song. My homey, Only homey, Walking and we talking fo' sho And I'm a be with him in the end with forgiveness, No more And remember the words are perfict, How could I be worthy? And when I feel so dam dirty, Dirty. I love you in a place, (I love you) Where there's no space or time (Time) I love you, for my life, (I love you) You're a friend of mine (Mine) And when my life is over, Remember when we were together We were alone, and I was singing this song to you. {Donny Hathaway} I was singin my song {Rest In Peace, Baby} To you and only you, baby The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mary J. Blige f/ DMX, Nas Album: Deep Inside Song: Sincerity Typed by: BaLPLaya34@aol.com, Ghettofabulous98@hotmail.com, janis@betatesters.com [DMX] Uh..Uh Now there's two ways we can do this, keep it real or front I know you got what I need and I got what you want And the hunt for soulmates is all over for us We could go away where nobody would know it was us Leave behind all the fuss, the studios, the pictures No autographs, just laughs when I'm wit ya I know what it's like when they know you now But bark it at the dog baby, and I'll hold you down [Mary J. Blige] Time and time and time again I knew that our love had to end But now it's gone so very far That I can make a brand new start I thought that we were meant to be Be one big family But I was weak and loved you still No matter what you did, I could forgive 1 - 	All I need is sincerity 	All I need is sincerity Thinking 'bout you all the time Never seemed to cross my mind How you could take the time to kill Everything our love had built I never knew how you could hide Everytime you told a lie But now I know why you're so cold But I don't understand Now that you set me free I truly think that we Could find love seperately I need sincerity One thing, I'm not as weak I'll always stand alone But my mind is not made of stone So I'll go on Repeat 1 [Nas] Chipped tooth don Nasty, blue ice timbs on Screw it face, half moon part, my tatoos dark On a scale of tough criminals, nothin to call me I'm a rare individual, young and I'm bossy Guees it come from a rough life, cuffed at night Lettin' off hot lead that bust from iron pipes I'm the type that have to shed blood Pray to the ghost of dead thugs, dead blocks that spread drugs Fled from the cops 'till when my first joint dropped I'm still wit my hood, Hollow Point still in the glock But I've been shitted on by these high class hoes Even these chickens did me wrong, I was just gettin' on So I turned cold, givin 'em hard dick and straight to the hole Like Rod Strickland, it was takin' it's toll I needed someone I could hold in my darkest hours A strong couple is a blessing and the heart is the power Give me someone I could trust, not just a hotty to bone Does she love Escobar, or love Nasir Jones? Let me know so I could cop her the stones What's clear to me, it's sincerity Somebody I could call my own, yeah Repeat 1 Ad lib until fade The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Busta Rhymes f/ Cam'Ron, DMX, Ghostface, Swizz Beatz, T.I. Album: Stop the Party (Remix) 12" Song: Stop the Party (Remix) Typed by: Gemini_20502K@Yahoo.com, kirenamloh@msn.com [Intro] I-I-IAM IRONMAN!!!!! [Busta Rhymes] REMIX!!!! REMIX!!!! REMIX!!!! [Chorus: Swizz Beatz] (Busta Rhymes) I SAID WAIT!!!!!!!!! STOP THE PARTY!!!!!!! (WHAT WE WAITIN FOR SWIZZ!!! THE STREETS WANT IT NIGGA!!!) I DON'T WANNA HURT NOBODY BUT!!!!!!!! OH!!!! YEAH!!!! OH!!! (REMIX!!!) GET 'EM UP!!! GET GET 'EM UP!!! OH!!! (REMIX!!!) GET 'EM UP!!! GET GET 'EM UP!!! YEAH!!!  GET 'EM UP!!! GET GET 'EM UP!!! OH!!! GET 'EM UP!!! GET GET 'EM UP!!!  I SAID WAIT!!!!!!!!! STOP THE PARTY!!!!!!! (I DON'T EVEN GOTTA CHANGE MY VERSE FOR THIS SHIT!!!!) I DON'T WANNA HURT NOBODY BUT!!!!!!!! [Verse One: Busta Rhymes] SHIT!!!!! That's what it's comin TO Tell me how you wan't it BOO Fuck a line nigga see me skippin right in front of YOU Check! Trust me you don't really want it DUKE Open club security and pull my niggas off of YOU Why try stop it see we primetime comin THROUGH Shut it down disrespectful bitch that's what we love to DO Check the method how I shread it there ain't nothin NEW Actin like the club THREW [Chorus: Swizz Beatz] (Busta Rhymes) (*Overlapping in the background "Run's House by Run-DMC) {"Reporters cry, producers die"} I SAID WAIT!!!!!!!!! STOP THE PARTY!!!!!!! (T.I. WHERE YOU AT!!!) I DON'T WANNA HURT NOBODY BUT!!!!!!!! {"They wanna be DOWN WITH THE KIIIIIIIIIIING!!!!"} [Verse Two: T.I.] We pull up to the club, park, hoppin out, bouncin Walkin in the door, the DJ just made an announcement The King in the building, women screamin, shoutin Remy bottles in the hand, standin on the couches Me, I don't smoke, but my niggas blowin ounces It's hot in here, she sweatin, see her nipples through her blouse and.. How can (what?!) -- I not be the hottest shit? I'm killin parties, body shit, ey wait a minute, stop it, Swizz [Interlude: Swizz Beatz] (Busta Rhymes) (*Cam'Ron) I SAID WAIT!!!!!  {*"The Good, The Bad, The Ugly" theme song plays*} (Aw shucks man!!!! When the last time you heard somebody say aw shucks man!!!) (Oh God what we 'bout to do here?!) (*KILLA!!!!) (Where you at playboy?) I SAID WAIT!!!!!!!!! STOP THE PARTY!!!!!!! I DON'T WANNA HURT NOBODY BUT!!!!!!!! [Verse Three: Cam'Ron] Uh, I'm a cyclone bull, dry-stoned y'all Wanna face time, nigga I fold four (four) Be patient, more beef waitin King James the game, #1 free agent I been winnin, you been losin DipSet back, got the U-N movin Movin chips, Frito-Lay You folks, yessir, I'm the east coast Dre [Interlude: Swizz Beatz] (Busta Rhymes) (*Overlapping in the background theme song for Ironman) I SAID WAIT!!!!! (AIYYO GHOST WHERE YOU AT NIGGA!!!!) I SAID WAIT!!!!!!!!! STOP THE PARTY!!!!!!! I DON'T WANNA HURT NOBODY BUT!!!!!!!! [Verse Four: Ghostface] YO! I know a couple of real killers that's Catholic White boys that speed blacks cleanin they ratchets In the bloodline it's Irish, I'm the only Muslim in the pool They know I put that work in like a pirate Jails you slap the ox in the green jello Carvin your face is like the sound of a sweet demo Swiss knives and timid they roscoe Blood drippin over my crisp Nike's The streets the teks spit like tobasco Never sip the blue shit or pink Rose' That's more for like pretty women, you so lame So if you wanna get physical Staten Island goons is in the cut Tony Starks play the front like my genitials [Interlude: Swizz Beatz] (Busta Rhymes) (*DMX) I SAID WAIT!!!!!  {"20th Century Fox" theme music plays} (And y'all thought I was makin a movie already huh?) (WELCOME HOME DOG!!!!!!! Aw shucks man!!!!!) I SAID WAIT!!!!!!!!! STOP THE PARTY!!!!!!! (*GRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRR!!!!!!!) (*WOO!!!!!!!!) I DON'T WANNA HURT NOBODY BUT!!!!!!!! (*ARF!!! ARF!!!!) [Verse Five: DMX] I went away for a minute, it's like I'm back from the dead (YEA!) Relapse on you niggas, and crack some heads (AIGHT!) Lemme see - my plate's empty, yours is full You suck, real talk, C'MON with the bull! Guns clap like applause (YEA!!), tap tap on the doors (YEA!!) You gon' be like, "What's that??!," all you gon' hear is BAP!! thru the walls (YEA!!) I rep for the town that say, FUCK PATAKI!!!! (AIGHT!!!!!) Niggas from Clinton cop stop, and cack saki [Chorus: Swizz Beatz] I SAID WAIT!!!!!!!!! STOP THE PARTY!!!!!!! I DON'T WANNA HURT NOBODY BUT!!!!!!!! OH!!! YEAH!!! OH!!! YEAH!!! WHO HIM!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! HE'S A RAT!!!!!!!!!! TO THE HOOD HE COULD NEVER COME BACK RIGHT!!!!!!!! OH!!! YEAH!!! OH!!!  GET 'EM UP!!! GET GET 'EM UP!!! OH!!! GET 'EM UP!!! GET GET 'EM UP!!! YEAH!!! GET 'EM UP!!! GET GET 'EM UP!!! OH!!! GET 'EM UP!!! GET GET 'EM UP!!! YEAH!!!! [Outro: Swizz Beatz] HUH! YEAH!!!!!!!! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Busta Rhymes f/ DMX Album: Touch It (Remix Part One) 12" Song: Touch It (Remix Part One) Typed by: dynamite9383@yahoo.com "Buy it - use it - break it - fix it -  crush it - change it - melt - upgrade it {Continues in slower pitch} [Intro: Busta Rhymes] Aiyyo, what you think the building is gon' feel like once the dog and Busta Rhymes come through this motherfucker? Oh man, not again "Touch it - bring it - pay it - watch it -  turn it - leave it - stop - format it" -> repeat 4x [DMX] WHAT, remix [Busta] We 'bout to do it again [DMX] WHAT, remix [Busta] We 'bout to do it again [DMX] WHAT, remix [Busta] We bout to do it again [DMX] WHAT [Busta] Aiyyo dog, lets take it to another level Get low Bus [Busta Rhymes] You see I'm back with the smash I told you niggaz I'm comin and bustin yo ass Alot of niggaz is hype, but you know they all be trash See I don't read through them niggaz, bout to step on the gas (TURN IT UP) EVERYBODY WANNA KNOCK IT, SEE THIS SHIT OFF THE HOOK GOT THE DOG WIT ME LIKE WE BOUT TO DO IT TO JOOKS EAT A NIGGA FOOD, CALL ME BLACK CEASAR THE CROOK AND WHILE I'M BACK BRINGIN THE PRESSURE YOU NIGGAZ IS SHOOK Get low Bus, aye nigga, gimme a second See you ain't in my lane homie, just for the record Everytime you see me, you need to, you better respect it Cause when I bring it, you I'm only comin to bust it (TURN IT UP) BUSTA BUS, SWIZZ AND X, YOU CAN'T HANDLE US NOW SEE I'M THE THRONE HOLDER BITCH, THE SHIT'S UNANIMOUS NOW WHO THE FUCK WANNA TRY TO COME BANG WIT US NOW NONE OF YALL, THAT'S WHY OUR BITCH WANNA HANG WIT US NOW I LET 'EM [DMX] Grrrrrrrrr [Busta Rhymes] Get low X [DMX] + {Busta Rhymes} Anything it's took, it's gon be a breakdown Come through like "hmmm, what I'm gon take now?" Whatever the fuck I want, trust me dog It gets ugly even when it comes to the hunt {TURN IT UP} NIGGAZ LIKE TO STUNT, YOU WANNA TO FRONT I'MA HIT YOU AND YOUR MAN AND IMA HIT YOU WHERE YOU STAND (WHAT) NIGGAZ AIN'T BUILT FOR NOTHIN BUT FRONTIN COME THROUGH, FAGGOTS HIT THE SECURITY FRONTIN {Keep goin X} Get that too, What that do? How that do? Fuck you faggot, I shot at you And what? You and you mans butt, you in your man's truck But your chance is up, not get up {TURN IT UP} YOU KNOW HOW THAT SHIT GOES, LET THAT SHIT GO AIN'T NOTHIN CHANGE, BEEN THE SAME FROM THE GETGO (WHAT) GET UP OUT THAT WHIP YO, I AIN'T GON' TELL YOU AGAIN FUCK IT, SAY HELLO TO MY LITTLE FRIEND [Busta Rhymes] Get low X [DMX] + {Busta Rhymes} Swizz is the monster, X is the beast Fuckin with Bus, everyday is a feastStay off the streets I'm tired of talkin to y'all niggaz I'm a stick a fork in y'all niggaz {TURN IT UP!!} WHEN I HIT 'EM MAN THAT TRUCK COME GET 'EM MAN!!! FUCKED UP HOW I DID 'EM MAN (WHAT!!!) AIN'T NO REMORSE FOR THE CORPSE, TRUTH IS CAN'T I.D. THE BODY, NIGGA TOOTHLESS [Busta Rhymes] Get low Bus, just like peas and rice The way I cook, niggaz gotta have a Jesus Christ What the fuck you niggaz wanna do? Please, I'm nice I'm only gonna say it once, I'm ain't sayin it twice (TURN IT UP) YO I SWEAR TO GOD, YOU DON'T WANT NO PROBLEM WHEN I PACK OUT THE FULL CLIP BUS RHYMES, BACK ON THE BULLSHIT FUCK YOU WANNA COME AROUND, YOU AND YOUR CREW SPIT I'M HEAR TO FIX THE GAME AND I'M BACK WIT THE TOOLKIT, YOU CAN [Drum plays in the beat] [Chorus 'til fade] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Busta Rhymes f/ DMX, Lloyd Banks, Mary J. Blige, Missy Elliott, Papoose, Rah Digga Album: Touch It (Remix Part 4) [Extended Video Remix] 12" Song: Touch It (Remix Part 4) [Extended Video Remix] Typed by: Gemini_20502K@Yahoo.com, akademik_geniuz_@hotmail.com, dynamite9383@yahoo.com  "Touch it - bring it - babe - watch it -  Turn it - leave it - stop - format it" -> repeat 2X [Intro: Busta Rhymes] Aiyyo Swizzy, I told these niggaz I was comin back to bust they ass!!! Ok! Remix! Part Two! [Verse 1: Busta Rhymes] Get low Bus! See now you who the God be, back runnin the city and you know who the squad be Flipmode bitch look see ain't nothin changed Now I'm back with the remix with the Queens of the game (TURN IT UP!!) WHEN YOU SEE ME IN THE SPOT YOU NIGGAS BETTER RESPECT IT Y'ALL ALREADY KNOW WHERE I REP AIN'T NO REASON TO CHECK IT AND I KNOW THAT YOU AIN'T FUCKIN WITH ME JUST FOR THE RECORD SO INSTEAD I'M A LET, MARY J. BLIGE COME AND SET IT [Verse 2: Mary J. Blige] (Busta Rhymes) (Now get low Mary!) Maybe you can guess who it is (Uh huh) Mary J. Blige about to handle my biz (Uh huh) I'm on my grown woman still I rep for the kids In every hood, and all my peoples doin a bid (TURN IT UP!!) NOW YOU KNOW WHO'S REALLY THE QUEEN DELIVER THE MAIL SEVEN HUNDRED THIRTY THOUSAND FIRST WEEK OF MY SALES THE HATERS PLOT AND THEY WATCH LOOKIN ALL PALE WHILE I'M ON A YACHT, OVERSEAS DOIN MY NAILS [Verse 3: Rah Digga] (Busta Rhymes) (Get low Digga!) Now he sittin there lookin stuck (Ha!) He thinkin cause he spent a little dough I'm 'gon fuck If money ain't a thang I'm sayin let a bitch know Type to empty a account, how far you willin to go (TURN IT UP!!) NOW HE HOPIN ON THE JET HE AIN'T WASTIN NO TIME TOLD ME ALL EXPENSE PAID ANYPLACE I COULD FIND HIT THE ISLANDS IN THE WINTER TRICKIN ALL ON HIS DIME AIN'T A SHORTY IN THE WORLD PUSSY BETTER THAN MINE, THEY WANNA "Touch it - bring it - babe - watch it -  Turn it - leave it - stop - format it" -> repeat 3X [Verse 4: Missy Elliott (Busta Rhymes) Bus this is serious man!!!!!!!! (Get low Missy!) I'm jinglin baby, go 'head mami, don't I look charmin put your lips up on me (*Woo!!!) Kiss it touch it, good, yes I wish you would (TURN IT UP!!) YOU LIKE TO SEE ME WHEN I DIP BABY DIP (Ha!) DON'T IT LOOK LIKE I GOT BEYONCE'S HIPS LOOKIN LIKE I COULD BE LIKE NIA LONG BOY YOU SMOKIN THAT CHEECH AND CHONG [Verse 5: Lloyd Banks] (Busta Rhymes) (Get low Banks!) I know it feels like I been gone for a minute But I'm back chinchilla Ice on with a fitted Everybody talk money everybody gonna run with that bowl of bread smaller than the arm of a midget (TURN IT UP!!) AND YOU KNOW I'M DOIN MY THING IT'S BLUE IN THE RING IF YOU HAD IT LIKE THIS YOU PROBABLY DO IT THE SAME BUT YOU WON'T CAUSE YOU BROKE ALL YOU DO IS COMPLAIN AFTER THE CLUB, I'M A PUT A FEW IN THE RANGE AND LET 'EM "Touch it - bring it - babe - watch it -  Turn it - leave it - stop - format it" -> repeat 4X [Verse 6: Papoose] (Busta Rhymes) (Get low Papoose!) Five boroughs of death, you don't understand I got New York City in the palm of my hand Now I could make a tight fist and let it crumble ridiculous Or I could smack the world with a New York Nemesis (TURN IT UP!!) I GOT STATEN ISLAND ON MY PINKY QUEENS ON MY DUMB DUDE THE BRONX ON MY MIDDLE FINGER SCREAMIN FUCK YOU ROCK ICE IN MANHATTAN SO THERE'S THE RING FINGER YOU KNOW I HAD TO KEEP BROOKLYN ON THE TRIGGER FINGER [Verse 7: DMX] (Busta Rhymes) (Get low X!) Swizz is the monster, X is the beast Fuckin with Bus, everyday is a feast Stay off the streets, I'm tired of talkin to y'all niggaz I'm a stick a fork in y'all niggaz (TURN IT UP!!) WHEN I HIT 'EM MAN THAT TRUCK COME GET 'EM MAN!!! FUCKED UP HOW I DID 'EM MAN (*WHAT!!!) AIN'T NO REMORSE FOR THE CORPSE, TRUTH IS CAN'T I.D. THE BODY, NIGGA TOOTHLESS "Touch it - bring it - babe - watch it -  Turn it - leave it - stop - format it" -> repeat 4X [Verse 8: Busta Rhymes) (Get low Bus!) You see me you love me the streets declare me God of the hood You niggaz is watchin and wishin you could Be claimin the throne the way I got it lock it mu'fuckers What's good you tryin to stop it I'm wishin you would (TURN IT UP!!) CAUSE THEM I'M GLAD TO HIT YOU WITH THE FACT THAT THE GOD IS IMMORTAL AS SPIT THE WAY I BE DOIN HISTORICAL SHIT INCASE YOU AND YOUR NIGGAS ACT LIKE YOU AINT KNOW WHEN I'M INFORMIN YOUR CLICK I TAKE YOUR BITCH WHILE I'M PERFOMIN MY SHIT "Touch it - bring it - babe - watch it -  Turn it - leave it - stop - format it" -> repeat 4X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Busta Rhymes f/ DMX, Jay-Z Album: Anarchy Song: Why We Die Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [DMX] Uhh, that's some shit.. ..that that that niggaz ain't even seen before That's that shit! (Motherfuckers ain't never seen  nothing like this before, for real man) It's goin down baby, uhh.. UHH! Busta Rhymes WHAT?! Uhh, DMX nigga Uhh, uhh, uhh, uhh, uhh I see ghosts clearly; even though, most don't hear me They still wanna get near me - fear me, so I'm leary Kinda eerie what I'm feelin - from the floor, to the ceilin Straight through the roof, want the truth? I kinda miss robbin and stealin cause it kept a nigga hungry, only eatin when I starved I was ugly, so I robbed, no one loved me, shit was hard Went to God once in a while when it got a little too hectic He was the only one I knew that I respected (WHY?) Didn't know why, didn't know what I was livin was a lie If I ain't shit then, why should I try See, plenty niggaz die, over dumb shit, up in the hood Real good heart, but up to no good Thought I did what I could, but I guess it, wasn't enough The Devil told me it would happen but I kept callin his bluff When it rains it pours now, my pains are yours as yours are what's mine, define, revolvin doors (nigga!) Chorus: Busta Rhymes (Why?) All my niggaz tell me (why) tell me (we die) Cause we crazy with it, quick to blaze you with it From in my soul to every word that I curse with all the agony expressed in this verse; let me ask my niggaz (why?) My niggaz tell me (why) tell me (we die) Because we Gods nigga (and) we go the yard nigga Because I walk the ground under my feet and keep it live and stay in tune with the street Now let me ask my niggaz (why?) [Jay-Z] They say the good die young, in the hood where I'm from I only got one question to that - why the fuck am I here? I look to the air, I ask God, "Love me please," but in reality, only people that hug me is thieves Same niggaz that send shots through my rugby sleeves They wanna, slug me and leave, I'm thinkin it must be me Please shed light, the hood's dark I did my dirt but got a good heart Shouldn't that count for somethin? I was told I'd amount to nothin, most of my childhood Liked by folks it was stuntin my growth Seperated me from the shit I was wantin the most Felt myself comin close to pumpin them O's Lump in my throat, chest poked out, face was poker Tryin to, erase my ghostes, chase the smokers Got demons on both shoulders,  tryin to chauffeur my life through the streets In other words nigga my will was weak Please feel what I speak,  this ain't your average ordinary jargon weak rap niggaz be talkin This shit is deep, from the mind of Busta, 'X and me To all my fallen soldiers, rest in peace, til we meet niggaz Chorus w/ minor variations [Busta Rhymes] I must be cuckoo, like I respect the new-you, never See you too could get it through your FUBU sweater like a nigga when he walk in the dark, trespassin on a nigga land, shots echo loud in the park I live and die for all the shit I believe And rep for everything I stand for  with every single breath I breathe Like the intake from cigarette smoke, it's like you inhale the demon in the gutter stressed struggled and broke If the shit was all over tomorrow, I'd leave a treasure for my kids with a legacy for my CHILDREN to follow You know it's funny how the good die first Get the peppin in your steppin faggot nigga cause you could die worse Hold on, you know I cut off my arm, in the name of reppin REAL NIGGAZ in the midst of droppin this bomb Allah blessin me to rep for the better, and carry on somethin great and keep a nigga name livin forever! Chorus w/ minor variations The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Dame Grease f/ DMX, Big Stan, and Meeno Album: Live On Lenox (Soundtrack) Song: The Future Typed by: ja_rule@lowrider.com [Meeno] They got my back to the wall Nobody to turn to, nobody I can trust I used to have friends But all I could think about was hustlin That was then, this is now And this is how I must be A loose cannon, with a cannon Nobody can trust me When half the world is sayin "Fuck Me" The other half will fear me Shit both halves will make one whole But nothing can dare those cowards to come near me Yeah they hear me, but fuck that I want them cats to feel me Cuz to feel me, is to know I'll be a problem till they kill me It's from sun-up to sun-down Got my gun up, and I'ma run down On any ass coward that feelin that I can't get down I'm a nightmare, the nigga that's always right there Borderline, with two lines, a little too heavy to fight fair Unload, reload, cock back, and pop that And drag to where your top at And guaranteed that I dropped that You can't top that I'm here to put them rumors to rest Fuck the past Fuck the present I'm the future in the flesh [Chorus x2] I'm the chrome before the storm I'm the buzz before the storm I'm the screech before the crash I'm the click before the blast I'm the rise before the fall I'm the loss before the gain Vacant Lot will keep it hot  Cuz we the future of this game [Big Stan] Coke game to sober We takin rap over Either roll with us or you gettin rolled over But pardon, niggaz is too hard for your squadron Evacuate the buildin, save all the women and children No way around it, niggaz comin in thousands M17s, grenades, and four-pounders All you grimmy niggaz get the fuck from round us Y'all the same cock-housers from the blocks to gouchers Celebratin is the the feelin when I catch a fake vilian Send him brick style in the ceilin of an abandonded building Feel me? y'all got to, I'm the voice of theory My advice? keep rappin you ain't no where near me Spillin blood for the dead, God bless them dearly And look straight to the heavens so I know that He hear me My shit fluxuate from the drop seven, to the wide bodied eight Up on in corner, with the sweeper I let the body gate [Chorus x2] [DMX] When I do niggaz, it's how I do niggaz And two niggaz got nothin for me When they saw me looked the other way and tried to ignore me I put holes, like foot holes, in niggaz buttholes Stomp a mudhole, when I cut hoes, the fuckin blood flows That was bustin niggaz wide, I was 10 when I died Now I'm walkin dead with the infared by my side Keepin niggaz in line like a parade Then they scatter like roaches when they get sprayed with Raid Like a grenade, playin with spades is the plan Now what part of suck my dick don't you understand? Better act like you know or get smacked like your hoe When you straped, toe to toe, but can't strap with the flow And I gets down for mine, with the crime And if I gots to do time, fuck it I don't mind I handle my business and I shoot snitches Cuz I know nowadays niggaz is more ass than loose bitches It's all good, I'm still out  Knock on wood, robbin niggaz like my last name is Hood Cuz I could, go with that mob that goes out to rob That mad scheme to get cream without the job I house more niggaz than a shelter And if a nigga ever felt a, heltah skeltah It'd would melt away, cuz the pain is too much to bear Let the dead be dark while the Dark is here [Chorus till fade] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Diplomats f/ DMX Album: Diplomatic Immunity Song: What's Really Good Typed by: FunkDoctorMagneto@yahoo.com [Cam'Ron] Uh, Uh Yeah We back in the fucking building Diplomats, Young Guru, Jim Jones, Santana, Freaky Came in second half Shit man, only thing we really wanna know right now is What? Is what's really good? That's the question [Cam'Ron] Suicide sickness, child negligence Homicide fingerprints, wild evidence (But what?) But thou shall, respect me bloa, bloa Clap, clap, pow, pow, bow down, nigga Be in Columbus never seen Bow Wow (Nope) We big dogs, all on the chow down Chow, and Mr. Giles lay back Santana locked up, get 'em out ASAP Aight, now boy, not tonight I where a bomb to the court like it's a ice white I'm real ice right, still in the hood But the question for y'all is (DMX) What's Really Good? (Cam) Nothing, see me on 55th, black scooped it up A-k activated, act stupid, one did act stupid Mac had to move it, from the hood like (DMX) What's really good? (Cam) I had to lay 'em down, clip him up, sprayed around Split him up, he played the ground, leave, nine stayed around Outlaw on the street, shot four from the three Southpaw Portuguese (What's Really Good?) [Chorus: Cam'Ron] + (DMX) To all my ladies, ghetto to ghetto Heals, sneakers, slipper stilettos, hello Diplomats are coming to your hood And we wanna know (What's really good?) All my niggaz, block for block Rock for rock, top for top Top a top, stash your clocks under the hood And niggaz wanna know (What's really good?) [Jim Jones] Okay I admit I mean they said I was trippin' had to re-edit the spin 44 lead when I'm spitting Shots to the head of my victims Big deserts we grippin' to dry out, you in the desert is slippin' They go through extreme measures to get 'em Them chains and them treasures the glistening You got three hideouts, a bed in the system My brethren I miss them So please tell me y'all (DMX) What's really good? (J.Jones) Top of the drop when it's missing MY block when it's clickin', these rocks when they glistening (DMX) What's really good? (J.Jones) 145th on this crunk, big 45th in my trunk Big gouty wrists on you chumps Mostly me and sometimes them But mostly me, oh shit man, that's one time them Squally, so through your set up please And let me know if you really good And let me know if you really hood [Cam'Ron] I like this beat, drums and bells Remind me of bullets, bodies, guns and shells I don't talk the verse, Polly wanna cracker When she on the stand, you probably wanna smack her Probably wanna clap her, end your day properly Air the shit out like the end of State Property No run away robber, gunner stay half of me the end I see prophecy (DMX) What's Really Good? I'm in the buggy mon', with the Rugby on Air Force Ones, looking like Lucky Charms Lotta dudes, yelling out "Fuck me, uh?" I'll blow this bitch dog, what the fuck we on [Juelz Santana] It's Santana, I'm straight out the box homey Straight to the stoop, straight to the booth when I stepped out the box homey I still got the sun of the box on me Grimy clothes, funky arms, my socks dirty I told you I can count on my boy I'm in trouble, needed bail money, dialed on my boy Shit, and just when I thought it was getting worst I was bailed out scot-free, spittin' this verse, uh-huh You don't sit in the dirt, clips'll disperse (Dmx) What's Really Good (Santana) ME MOTHERFUCKER!!! Don't play with this, I'm so great at this Santana, bandana, release the eight a spit (COME ON...) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DJ Clue f/ DMX Album: The Professional Song: It's On Typed by: WillieEsco03@aol.com Ugh Dmx  Clueminati  Is y'all motherfuckers ready for the Ruff Ride! Grrrrr! (1st Verse) When I speak I'm understood, my decision is wood I see what I'm able to see, (ugh) cuz my vision is good It's like I see through the eyes of a wise old man So I chill, knowin I can kill this guy's whole fam Sometimes better to be thought dumb and remain silent than to open your mouth and remove all doubt cuz if it came violent See I'm gonna give it to you straight, so you don't ask anymore You don't really want what you asking me for It's a war (ugh), and nigga, when it's on it's on  Doin' wrong (what) till I'm gone and I ain't got long But while I'm here, (ugh) ya'll niggaz gonna burn Peep how I finished money (what) and y'all niggaz gonna learn All fucking week you've been talking about that drive-by And ain't did nothing but drive by Listen shorty I'm telling you this for your own good (Uhh) Everybody is the man in they own hood, for real Chorus x4  Yeah cuz if it's on it's on Bitch niggas keep frontin' then your ass is gone!!  (2nd Verse) I always keep my enemies the closest (uhh) Always make sure I know where the toast is (uhh) Always cover my tracks when I creep Always get away when I'm done to relax, shit is deep I always know the rules of the game before I play And always keep enough dough to know I'm good for the day I always walk my dogs off the leash and always get my thoughts off the streets and  always remember lend a hand then borrow And always no matter what plan for tomorrow  I always pay my respects to the dead I always take at least one blunt to the head Now always know which bitches is gonna end up getting fucked And always know which niggas is gonna end up getting stuck! I'm always strapped; I've always packed I've always rapped; it's always that Always black Chorus x4 (3rd Verse) Never try to knock off rock on the block that ain't yours Never take a man's life cuz you hate yours Never become so involved with something that it blinds you Never forget where you from someone will remind you Never take for granted what's been given as a gift And never sleep on a nigga, less that nigga stiff Never turn your back on a nigga you don't trust  Never turn your gat on a nigga and don't bust Never expect to get away with the same shit -- more than twice Never forget you could get it too for a price Never bring it to a nigga, if you scared to die Never gonna do it nigga, if you scared to try Never gonna be another day it gets dark, nigga Never get it fucked up, that shit here, for the heart nigga Never say never, cuz I never thought this clever thought never Ever caught better, getting cheddar, with three letters, DMX! Chorus x4 Uhh Dmx Clueminati 9-8  Ruff Ryder's, motherfucker Y'all niggaz don't know, how it's gonna go, For real (uhh!) "It's Dark and Hell is Hot" Y-O Motherfucker School Street Home of the Brave we all here baby Mundo! Telemundo! Uh! Grrrr My niggas D! What?! Bitch! We all here baby Uh! Gever(?), Gever(?), Gever(?) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DJ Clue f/ Cam'Ron, DMX Album: Summertime Shootouts Song: Pull It Typed by: nomadicextortion@hotmail.com * dogs barking * [Cam'Ron] Uh, let me tell you somethin Act your age, and I ain't even, matta fact, listen to me Let me tell you somethin AAAYYYYOOOOW! Don't make me come at y'all, y'all don't wanna brawl Make me run at y'all gun at y'all, take it all run it all Actually there's a front it all lemme talk to y'all Done it all y'all ain't even begun to ball Winter, spring, summer, fall The cream still stackin if the fiends still crackin You the same one cryin, for that Billy Jean jacket black fever Pussy ass, don't smoke no pot neither  Mommy take care of your high fever neighborhood watch leader  Close the drapes up, make the tape duct tape your face up I fuck wit more powder, then makeup get em laced up P doe, have a party for the brother 15 minutes, but I feel sorry for your mother I kill like the greats did Had a state bid for stashin little Nate  (He was only eight) but I hate kids I know all parents think they experts But yo my TEC bursts is death spurts wet hearts and Guess shirts, what! [DMX] Uh, Uh, Uh RRRRRRRRRRRRRR! AAAYYYYOOOOW! Lets get it on baby (what) cause I'm ready to start Take the locks of the cage cause I'm ready to bark  and niggaz gonna know when it's on for the heart  niggaz gonna go when it's on motherfuckers mad trucks you know  they feelin' it I'm flippin' it to niggaz  got them thinkin' that they real in it you hear that but don't go near that you better fear that  you was the one that wanted to have the house wit the the pool right where it at RRRRRRRRRRRRRR! don't make me bite you  I used to fuck wit yo' sista don't make me fight  you see how I play wit it but stay wit it I'm ok with it  I'll do it, but he will be the nigga that they say did it  what you don't know is gonna get you fucked up  and when you don't roll it's gonna get you stuck up  niggaz want what (what), thats what I thought  Dark Man baby, X for short  What, what, what, uh, what, what, uh, what, what RRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRR! AAAYYYYOOOOW! [DMX] Runnin around niggaz like circles I hurt you   "Did I do that?" Just like Urkel I jerk you  [Cam] Yo, aiyyo, it's Harlem World NY yo what try yo luck    but I know what niggaz won't know how you're stuck   body right beside your truck, what [DMX] But they're screamin' I'm screamin' but they're screamin' ice creamin   They should have fuckin' known there was no such thing as an ice demon  [Cam] Aiyyo, you dogs don't play wit me I'll beat yo' ass from A to Z   Bag you up like A & P DMX n' KFC  [DMX] Bench nigga I'm a bless niggaz wit my slugs stress niggaz   I'm a wet niggaz wit my thugs  [Cam] Yo, yo, aiyyo when niggaz like to act ain't no wonder   I creep aiyyo don't make me put your ass nigga, under my feet  [DMX] Ha ha, hold me down baby bark at your dog   let me know if it's real walk in the fog  [Cam] And then we hit 'em  [DMX] Slap 'em  [Cam] Click 'em  [DMX] Cap 'em  [Cam] Stick 'em  [DMX] Tap 'em  [BOTH] Motherfuckers all know how we have 'em, what! * dogs barking * [DMX] Where my dogs at? (what) Uh, where my dogs at? (what, uh) Uh, where my dogs at? (what) Cam, my nigga AAAYYYYOOOOW! [Cam'Ron] DMX, Cam'Ron, Def Jam, Untertainment, what AAAYYYYOOOOW! Artist: DJ Clue f/ DMX, Drag-On, Eve, Jadakiss, Styles Album: The Professional Song: Ruff Ryder's Anthem (Remix) Typed by: jonr187@yahoo.com, OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash This thing right here.. (yeah yeah) is for my peoples in the streets.. (ha hah) Swizz Beats (uh-huh) And this thing right here.. (Ruff Ryders) will get your ass off your feet (Remix! .. c'mon) [Drag-On] They call me Drag-On, when it's time to bomb I burn em all, til they all say turn em off Cause these chips, I'ma run em all Chickenheads, know I, be the Colonel Cause I burn eternal, mixed wit the inferno So be careful, 'fore I burn you You better learn dude, yeah I heard you  but I'ma hurt you, but you don't know? My versatile, is a virtue Ruff Ryders be the team, which means a lot cream, lot of schemes  Lot of beams to make your stock drop, right on the seams Nigga here is too hot and too much for you to touch Better tell your man cause I'm too tough  Indubitably, too dust Do you bust? Cause we do You need to ask the people, but quietly But they don't believe until they leave violently  Is you buying this? Cause niggaz that purchased is under the dirt kid They call me Drag-On; I'm the youngest but get bonkers Collabo' wit my dogs from Yonkers but this Bronx bomber's spittin flame so you better wear your armor Flame on! Chorus: DMX (repeat 2X) My dogs gon' STOP, your dogs gon' DROP And then we gon' SHUT EM DOWN, OPEN UP SHOP First we had em like OHHH, now they like NOOO What baby?!! THAT'S HOW RUFF RYDERS ROLL [Jadakiss] When I pop up, I lock shop up, pull the drop up  Park a block up, hit the alarm, put the top up Stash the 'dro in my sock then pull my sock up And keep the burner but if it's hot put my glock up  You know what I'm about, slidin off get my cock sucked Or writin rhymes watching Scarface in the hot tub Whatchu wanna bet, when I pull it out if you don't shout that every bullet'll go in and out Who you know besides 'Kiss take the piss in the bottle of Crist' and then give it to a modelin bitch  And you like your watch plain, I'ma flood mine Alligator bloodline trained to find coke and bite one time [Styles] Y'all niggaz ain't hearin me out, til I pop up  appear in your house, clearin it out, holiday style Everybody actin violent and wild  Snatch the wife silence the child, that's how we move Kill me my man kill you, that's how you lose I Ruff Ryde, I don't like to slide felt that I slipped Then the gun's only helpin the clip And the clip's only helpin my hand And like who the fuck is helpin your man? When I cock back and hop out the van  Double R, get a job, play the shit in the car Hit a party start a fight at the bar, and snatch your R Sell your shit for some coke and get the fuck out of Dodge [Eve]  Guess you figured that my niggaz, flippers, pullin triggers News team crowd around, tryin to flick a picture Get witcha, this bitch from Illadelph marches quicker Nigga not makin sense better stay up off the liquor Blonde bombshell, car-a-mel, heavy spender  Groups be sayin I'm they sister, hush ya mouth 'fore I hit ya  Stickin in wiseguys, fake thugs, and bullshitters Take you for a ride, cover up your eye, then I get ya  Used to be shy-er, now I'ma Ruff Ryder  Big niggaz play me close, when they used to ride by her  Snatchin up your figures, frontin, know you dig us  Haters, screamin, "Who that bitch?" (UHH, UHH) Mind your business nigga Chorus [DJ Clue * talking over chorus *] Yeah!! DJ Clue! The Professional! Part One C'mon! Mad shout out, Donnie Brascoe Big Skate, Duro.. CLUE! [DMX] Uhh, uhh, uhh.. The X is gonna hit y'all niggaz hard, leave y'all niggaz scarred Fuckin with the Dog when you fuckin with the God Rip y'all niggaz off, faggot niggaz soft Remember me from up North, I had you scared to cough My name is ringin bells, in penitentiary cells I'm making thugs rebel, ain't hard to tell You never really wanted it, so the mic you jumped in front of it Outta sixteen shots I'ma hit, which one of you niggaz am I gonna get Thought you knew what I was gonna spit, this time with this rhyme but by the end of it, y'all niggaz is gon' be like, "Yo X ripped it!" Did my thing as usual it's never gon' stop Them cats can't be for real, I got this shit locked! Is that a game or a joke? Say the name or get smoked Simple as that, simple as black, to the throat Hit em all up to the coat, now you losin your life (Grrrrrr) A dog is a dog for life! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DJ Clue f/ DMX, Drag-On Album: DJ Clue: This is it Part Two Song: Who, Ruff Ryders Typed by: BaLpLaYa34@aol.com [DMX] Grrrrrrr From the dogz to the pups Drag-On baby, Ruff Ryders, come on [Drag-On] Drag On baby, uh Yo who them niggaz at the bar niggaz? On them job niggaz See y'all frontin mine niggaz But drugz revolve niggaz Y'all fake coke dealers slidin away wit soap niggaz The size ain't right, y'all should be 300 hundered pounds on thin ice Run in yo set, pullin yo gun from under yo desk Snatch the weight from big niggaz doin a hundered a set With the gun to y'all neck I'll have y'all niggaz runnin in sets Under the bed, two to the chest and one to yo leg Cocked it have one in the head and wanted by feds Said they on the prowl for Drag and niggaz wanted him dead That's what you get, gambling yo life wit a hundered to bet Ace to the dues, now yo face has seen a hundered Gilletes Niggaz think it's funny and shit, when chicks is suckin they dicks Till they control you like Remotes, bustin buttons and shit Y'all can't control me, all y'all can do is promote me women And caught no shots, from my glock wit 16 in it, uh [Chorus by: Drag-On and (DMX)] x2 Who them niggaz that's comin to take over? ( Ruff Ryders) Whom them niggaz that's makin they moves? ( Ruff Ryders) Who them niggaz that pay they dues? ( Ruff Ryders) Who them nigaz that'll never lose? ( Ruff Ryders) [Drag-On] This lil nigga's too young to show the i.d. But if y'all don't feel the hits now y'all gon feel it later like Ali Y'all got respect? Not at all, but we do and got it all Cause y'all know there's a lot of dogs that'll sell y'all for a lot of dough Playboy, u sniff out, and pull out and leave em stiff out Poke em wit somethin they couldnt get it out if they shitted out Hercules thinkin he hurtin me, but they ain't hurtin shit If only they could see behind curtains, they girl is jerking dick And I might bust inside her then the next day say hello to you Hopin that my nut ain't touch nuttin it wasnt supposed to When you get up from the get go, nigga disapper like Presto The cats is Pedro, since double R got the metro They almost dead yo, niggaz wanted butted down We throwin up the parties soon as they pat us down ? Woulda been more than music sounds Coulda been round after round goin straight thru yo crown [Chorus by: Drag-On and (DMX)] x2 Who them niggaz that's comin to take over? ( Ruff Ryders) Whom them niggaz that's makin they moves? ( Ruff Ryders) Who them niggaz that pay they dues? ( Ruff Ryders) Who them nigaz that'll never lose? ( Ruff Ryders) [Drag-On] What's this I'm hearin niggaz sayin I ain't ready What you tellin me? I been caught felony's y'all nigaz funny like Bill Bellamy Fuck what you tellin me, I pull out gunz like niggaz pull out swords In the old days, whan I spray I'm yellin, “touche” Either you can stay and lay and this'll be yo last day Or you can help me put my shit away and then you get away And nigga clear the way, you blockin what I'm droppin See the stocking? Dont let me pull the shit put that'll have you Emptyin out yo pocket, stop it, “Drag is you for real?” Shit And tell it like if y'all takin a lot of pills, now they pumpin yo stomach  For the slugz from the semi, still fuckin wit me? Y'all nigaz is little like a buck for a 20 and y'all niggaz is mad that  Ruff Ryders Got me, cause all them bees you stick on me Not one of em stung me And by my dick y'all niggaz is gon wish, y'all hung me Double 0 nigga and I'm hungry and I'm goin all out, cause y'all numb me You feel this [Chorus by: Drag-On and (DMX)] x2 Who them niggaz that's comin to take over? ( Ruff Ryders) Whom them niggaz that's makin they moves? ( Ruff Ryders) Who them niggaz that pay they dues? ( Ruff Ryders) Who them niggaz that'll never lose? ( Ruff Ryders) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DJ Clue f/ DMX Album: The Professional 2 Song: Who's Next (X-Clue-Sive) Typed by: Uptownkilla181@aol.com, dyslexis@aol.com [DMX] (DJ Clue) {DMX's background vocal's} (Whaaaat!) When its on {Uhh} Its on {Huh-uh} You motherfuckers done lost your mind! Its another one of those Ahh man (New DMX!) Another one of them, Clue slash X joints {What!} (Who's Next!) Another one of them off the motherfucking hook joints {Ahh you motherfuckers done lost your mind} Bulldog, call a bulldog! (Whaaaat!) When I creep through Niggas is see through Just like negligee {Uhh} Ain't no talkin cause there ain't much that the dead can say Long as I'm walking I be strappin my dogs {Uhh} (Whoooo-hooo!) Rackin the hogs Desert Eagle packin the morgues {What?} Metal slabs with yellow tags on toes it's  What happens to those that {Uhh} Chose to be foes and {Huh-uh} Bet his man knows But yo, we only get stronger {Uhh} And the amount of time we're facing is only gettin longer  Get the mayor on the horn! (Clue!) {What!} It's time for shit to go down {Uhh!} Strapped for the show down {Uhh!} Wet up yo crib, kick the door down Know you schemin' so I gots to get you first Put you right up in a brand new hearse Could be worse {Whoo!} Shoulda seen what I gave this nigga Two vests couldn't save this nigga {Uhh} The way I laid this nigga Played this nigga But thats what I'm good at {Huh-uh} Layin niggas out in fightin' pits and fuckin' hoodrats(Ha ha!) Where's my fuckin' hood at? {Whoo!} Cripple niggas like switches {Uhh!} Rip on niggas like bitches {Uhh!} Then pour niggas in ditches {Uhh!} They ain't found half the bodies that a nigga caught Or should I say a nigga bought Cause ain't nothing like getting' paid for, a nigga sport {Aight} Triple what a nigga thought But thats just how shit be I know that one day they gon' try that shit wit me But just as long as I'm on top of shit You ain't stoppin shit And ain't a motherfucker droppin' shit Chorus: DMX {DMX background vocal's} If it ain't ruff it ain't me {Uhh, c'mon} If it ain't ruff it ain't D {Uhh} M to the X Most y'all niggas is strait sex {What?} (*shots fired*) Next?! Chorus [DMX] (DJ Clue) {DMX's background vocal's} Plenty of niggas know dirty is how I do 'em Put buck shots, from a thirty right through 'em Cause ain't none of y'all muh'fuckers built for war And I lay down the law (Clueminati!)  When I spray down the door Fuck around on my name will be 95-B-64-11 {What} On a three-and-a-half to seven {C'mon} When even up north I put niggas to waste So you wanna stop the violence? Get the fuck out my face! Parole before peeps hit the board off Bitches is fuckin but I sleep with the sawed off I got shit to do, rules to break, crews to break Before the news to break, I got dudes to take I don't joke cause Jokers is cards And cards are what I pull Infra red with the clip full No leash on the pitbull (Ha ha!) That shit is hot like the wax off a candle stick {C'mon} But how I handle shit Is to dismantle shit {C'mon} De-de-de-de-de Like Popeye when it's Spinach time (Clue!) Runnin' through two niggaz like the tape at the finish line What's your crew, gonna do when I put the pressure on And it hurts, wannabe gangstaz in skirts {Aight} And the bitches comin' all out them niggaz One false move and their moms'll read about them niggas And they wives'll be without them niggas Matter of fact, I'm tired of talkin money Throw your joints up, scrap, bitch (Ha ha!) Chorus 2x [DMX] (DJ Clue) (DJ Clue!) Niggas won't creep in the streets with me (Desert Storm!) Cause you know what fuckin with these streets would be The Professional Part 2! Muh'fucker! (Ha ha!) Uhh, huh-uh (Fat shout - my nigga Ray! DMX! My nigga D-Wha!) Pa-pa-pa-pa nigga! (Yo Ruff Ryders! Word up!) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DJ Envy f/ DMX Album: Blok Party Vol. 1 Song: Deeper Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com [DJ Envy] + (DMX) Let's take it to Yonkers, Blok Party (Uhh, yeah! WHAT?!) New DMX! (Grrrrr..) [DMX] Niggaz is scared to fuck with the Dog cause I'm shady {Yeah!} You remember that kid from runnin up and down from Buildin 80? (UHH!) Highs are extreme (uh-huh) lows are suicidal Got me reachin for the Bible cause I, think I'm genocidal (yeah) Fakers think I'm bluffin but I'm not (not) Say that I be buggin cause I be makin it hot (whoo!) Knowin all I got is my, nuts and my word (aight?) Though I'm never seen, the Dark is always heard (uh-huh) I speak for those who speak with glocks (UHH) from frequent blocks (UHH) Where the objective is to put in twelve, stay alive and leave in knots (UHH) From little rocks bein sold Then motherfucker, if you LIVE to see 40 then you old (damn) And me bein the way I am, if the Devil close to me That's the reason why I'm never I'm supposed to be I chose to be, on some Dark shit (uhh, uhh, uhh, uhh) Rip apart shit and start shit until whenever I depart bitch (UHH, WHAT!) The hard shit, will leave yo' ass stretched laid the fuck out (whoo!) I'm on the edge, WHAT! (UHH!) Life is played out I made out, kinda good with the last couple of runs Up the, coast with it; couple of keys, couple of guns (uh-huh) The funds wasn't the issue, it was OTHER shit (uhh) that had me flippin on my brother's shit, stealin from my mother's shit (UHH) Cry by myself, I couldn't hide form myself And if I push my wig back, then I die by myself Cause it gets.. [Chorus 2X: DMX - singing] Deeper and deeper With every move I make I'm fallin Deeper and deeper These souls from underground keep callin [DMX] Why is it that I do what I do? (WHAT!) Why is it that, only to these streets can I be true? (UHH) I ain't never been shit, my peoples been told me so Hold me yo; niggaz don't, know me yo! Cause they ain't out that mob that's out to get niggaz (UHH!) Rip niggaz, split niggaz when you hit niggaz (UHH!) Long as there's bodies to be caught, there's shotties to be bought (YEAH) Hired that transport, fake Gotti's to extort I cry for help but niggaz don't, hear me (AHHHH!) Niggaz don't understand me! That's why niggaz fear me (whoo) Hit the old neighborhood cause I'm bout to end it (damn) Stressin shit that I went through and what I BEEN did Niggaz I offended, will have to take it as a loss Cause in a minute, what I'm THINKIN is about to look like sauce (BOOM!) Gots to pay the cost and this time it's gon' cost you my life My love to my children and my, wife (peace) Step to the last - would I, could I, should I? (uhh, uhh) Really understand with, seein with my good eye (uhh, uhh, uhh, uhh!) The hood I, came up in showed no mercy Unforgiven of the many plagues that cursed me (damn) The worst we went through would make a, grown man fumble (aight?) Learnin to walk, and it HURTS when you stumble (yeah!) Figure out the jumble and you live, if not you DIE On my knees, hands up to the sky, WHY? [DJ Envy - over Chorus] Yeah, it's the People's Choice, DJ Envy Desert Storm Mixtape, Volume 1, Blok Party [DJ Envy] + (DMX) Yeah! (The Dark) What you know about, two 24 verses? (The life) DMX.. (to fight, goin on right now) Heh.. (tonight, f'real) fat shout Whole Bloodline, Jazz, DMX, Uncle Ray The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Drag-On f/ DMX Album: Opposite of H2O Song: Get it Right Typed by: obi1one@hotmail.com HOOK: DMX Drag-On, niggas act on Messin wit the team it's gon be a sad song X, will bring the day and the night Cuz we get it right, get it right, get it right, spit it right [DMX] Moves is made, niggas is paid, that's just how it is When my time is up I'ma be out but I'ma try to live I'm eatin day by day, aint nothin sweet about it Act like you don't know what I'm sayin then you read about it Built for war like a armadillo Smokin yo' ass put two through the pilllow Hear my shit through windows Manic depressive and my head hurts Soon as the dead thirst I'll whet him first Now wait a minute it gets worse I can't control what I own inside So I take it out on the soul of that kid that died Spit fire, cross niggas like barbecues Mobbin crews, strippin niggas, robbin crews And put him speechless, when I made him eat this Hollow tip and you can follow grip You be like Kim and aint gon swallow shit Don't know the half, couldn't know the math To understand the wrath of a man split in half But he got what he wanted, shot for three hundred Shit is tight and a nigga that's right gots to run it Aint no question, that's how I get down Niggas know gimme yo' dough and yo' hoe, and here take these fo' Hot things I got things that make niggas spin Put niggas in the wind, where you never see niggas again Bless a nigga with fifties the thin types And a straight blast that'll put pinstripes across your windpipe HOOK 2X [Drag-On] Drag opposite water more than a spot order My flows cause fire then bring holes Takes more than a pump to out this little punk 'less that pump is a twelve, and I get popped, still I burn to hell Call the police and whatever they don't seize And put in they mouth, and catch freeze, tell em throw Drag some keys Don't care how many oyeas I gotta make believe If you nervous, you don't deserve it poppi please Cats stealin gats y'all probably will get hit Well I'm the future let's see y'all copy this, stopping this Since a tiny kid like, "mommy buy me this" Since she always told me no, started stealin on some grimy shit Like look at that, now look at that slide it in my bookbag I'm who, parents point they fingers at, "get from that hoodrat" And put it back, fuck tough, while y'all cook crack I'm cocaine, throw me in the pot, I rise to the top With your 5.0, go 'head, look ma, I got four more pegs Stil put them holes in yo' head, til it's mushy like dough bread Cuz that vest only protects that chest And if I decide to get ice, don't get to fascinated Or it's my bullet, your brain, mashed potatoes Double R got me comin hard on you haters Cuz we the streets black and y'all belong beneath that HOOK 2X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Drag-On f/ DMX Album: Hell and Back Song: Let's Get Crazy Typed by: GunitSoldier2265@netscape.net [Intro - Drag-On] + (DMX) Flame on Dog Nigga (What!) Flame on (Uh) Dog (Uh Uh) Flame on (What!) Dog nigga (Uh Uh) Flame on [Verse 1 - Drag-On] Awe shit drag done hit the big screen With a gangsta lean still role with the squad My convertible top is hard yours is rag I bought X X7 he bought me a Jag With a H speed stick with 220 on the dash We don't know the meaning of leasing we drop cash Ya bodega rappers we put style together I bought a Swede bubble goose and X reptile leather When we step up in the club its like awe shit there the brothers Buy the whole bar and spit it on each other Like he teach I learn He bite I burn We each take our turn to murder ya (Uh) Hold the rubber grip firm Let the peoples heads turn and count the money that we earn and burn it all (Uh) Cause we gon get it this year make them sit in they chair Having thinking like damn what you got there? [Hook - DMX] + (Drag-On) Let's get crazy (All my ladies over there) Lets get crazy (All my dogs right there) Let's get crazy (All my gangstas in the club) Let's get crazy (Everybody simmer down) Let's get crazy (All my ladies over there) Lets get crazy (All my dogs right there) Let's get crazy (All my gangstas in the club) Lets get crazy (Everybody everybody come on come on) [Verse 2 – DMX] Dog nigga X gon spit it Cats is in trouble ya gon get it What you should do is peep how I stay with it Kinda sorta play with it like everyday with it Make a nigga lay with it that's how I get down Cop money over there hit the club skip town I haven't got time for the Bs ya say the Bs ya gon see X Ya niggaz see X man its on Don't give a fuck about right or wrong Aight wait let me just simmer down now Money cross the line aight put him down now THINGS look at you running your mouth ITS THINGS that got niggaz running in your house SAME THINGS that got me doin what I do ITS THINGS that got me bustin at you (YA BITCH) [Hook] [Verse 3 – Drag-On] Kick rocks bitch, come up out of them clothes We only fuckin with bitches that's 21 years and grown Quick check the ID's on these hoes Especially that one there that keeps digging up her nose Ice is blinging, ears is ringing Niggaz is scheming, bitches is fiending Panties is creaming X is up in there And the clubs is screaming like DRAG'S IN THERE [Hook] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Drag-On f/ DMX Album: The Opposite of H20 Song: Niggas Die 4 Me Typed by: Ghettofabulous98@hotmail.com [Drag-On] Uh, let's go Whoo! Drag-On baby [DMX] Come on! 1 - [DMX]  My niggas is the niggas that'll ride with me  My niggas is the niggas gettin high with me  My niggas is the niggas that'll die with me  And we can get it on Repeat 1 [Drag-On] Rigga niggas wanna see the Dog nigga bite but this kid Drag strike a light Fuck five mics, my fire burn the wire Cause we the niggas that plug, wrap 'em in the rug Flames mini blowin on my hands like dust Chicks wanna slurp? I guarantee I'll make ya burp Just push yo' teeth to the curb and hum a word Some nerve, cats think they can touch a torch You don't know I buy my gun just for me to toss Fuck what it costs, I don't care what kind of drop you pushin I put my fifteen to your top and dump bullets Yeah I see y'all cowards like to wear vests Well I'ma aim a little higher, like for your neck I puff lye, I'ma lift blunts til my arm look like Popeye Til the day is bye-bye Til then 300G fly by, rented So foggy windows look tinted We just be lookin at your Roley at dem hot shows So go 'head boy, get drunk, pop that Mo' Until I pull ya to the side, see the nine kid? And since you got that nice watch, you know what time it is Cause Drag's clock say 7:30 So sudden move and you gon' be left somewhere real dirty, dirty Double R, a camp where it's all champs And if y'all want to stop fire, open up a damn Repeat 1 (2x) Bet'cha niggas wonder why Drag always spit fire? Why I always pop shit? About how I burn niggas til they chocolate Cause I'm the +Opposite of H2O+ now ya know Fix your wrinkled face - my iron press more than clothes And girls - I love 'em when I meet 'em, might eat 'em But when they act up, it's like Turner.. Tina Don't me get the burner Catch me in the low key Pontiac Sun sippin Con-gac Y'all know how that affects blacks, so you know I clash that No way I'ma blow all these gats and crack stacks I'ma lil' nigga so you know I run fast But don't do much of it do a lot of gun bustin Cause when I let off a clip, I get a kick outta seeing niggas run - eyes open, hopin they don't trip Hear the echoes blocks away Type of bricklayers that hear shots today and give your blocks away Run up on papi - hey! Drop the yay And if he don't stall this world be popped tomorrow Drag-On speaks with a stutter, but I rhyme well So like a dead snitch it's hard to tell Dirty dirty, niggas - word This is to my grimy grimy, niggas - word This is to my RR, niggas - word Yeah cause we double R, nigga - you heard? Come on Repeat 1 (6x) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Eightball f/ Canibus, DMX, McGruff Album: Pure Uncut Remix 12" Song: Pure Uncut Remix Typed by: IcedDown1@aol.com [Eightball] DMX, McGruff and Canibus You know where you heard it first My man Cardan, G Black, Ralph, Universal Records Uh... {*all echoes*} Pure Uncut, Eightball {*DMX barks in background*} DMX (WHAT?!) DMX, McGruff, McGruff, and Canibus, baby Yeah, its the Pure Uncut, raw, we keep it raw It's the Pure Uncut, raw we keep it raw - listen... [DMX] Niggas I fuck wit' is the illest, baby gorillas And shit we do today is gon' catch up with us and kill us Long as I feel this, motherfucker's head is shot Fucking lead is hot, and leave them dead to rot Ruff Ryders cut the shit up, like raw keys Like that from Crystal Lake and my last name is Voorhies It can happen niggas, dog keys, and still gun it down Only cause I know how you look up to a nigga, from the ground Running clown, you know better, than to breathe too hard For my kids I thank you God And if you don't know, ask a nigga, that they just put in the ground Slugs make way by the ounce, so I must've put in a pound At least! I gave it to another nigga for lookin Money, ?could never stop my slugs? from cookin Remember me, cause I'ma be there when they bury, you Leave your skeleton in the cemetery [Eightball] Dum, du-du, dum Who got the, who got the bum bu-bu bum? We wrap it up and smoke it, sixty green I'm a fiend for this rap thing Down South hustiln' and we all about the cream Stick em up, mad face, car chase through the city Fuck the police, I'm mad plus I'm going off that gritty Frank Nitti got a mob down to murder with me Cats want to stick me, believe it or not like Ripley I rip thee, back into a stack and flip it like a tech Pure uncut, fire it up, and watch the fiends come back Bubblin', real dogs stay around for troublin Eightball, pick up the ball, when them tricks start bumblin Rumblin (*vrooom*) mushroom, cloud pimpin' Victims who breathe in die when I be speakin, releasin You heard me, are you worthy To ride with the Suave House and get down and dirty? Chorus [Eightball] Its the Pure Uncut, raw, we keep it raw*2X* Baby Pure Uncut, raw, we keep it raw Its the Pure Uncut, raw, we keep it raw (What?) Nigga, Pure Uncut, raw, we keep it raw *repeat* [McGruff] Yo; where the fuck is the dough? its time to bubble and blow Hit these bitches from the back, have 'em clutchin' they toes Once smoked my lungs out, but now I fuck with my nose Perform shows, bad bitches crunchin my clothes Yo I'm 'Gruff, street thug beyond the speakers, beyond the rap Man I'm on a car and my gat, swarm attack, sip Don and Cognac Ain't just me, my whole freakin army strapped Aiyyo, fuck that! And fuck you! Who the fuck you? Touch you, you act like you want trouble Money don't know you, don't rub you I got' eat, that's like trying to tell me don't hustle I gotta blow a couple, niggas away just to show the muscle Yo, I squeeze till your vocal tussle Niggas please, I got keys, coke, and snow to bubble Hoes to cuff you, fuck you, suck the shit out your dick Sucker for love, think you can fuck with McGruff? Now listen mister Gruff put your soul in a twister [Canibus] Just got off the payphone, on a three-way line with Eightball and Tony Draper askin me for a favor Now let me take it from the top I touch your knot with the rubber glock Then I take your title, nigga, fuck your spot Peace to the players who crush a lot but they call me Canibus because I busta lot You can suck my cock and got the same transmitted disease your mother got Being a favorite with me right before she was forced to pop She came home at four o'clock, was shot, she was riding me on top I told the bitch to keep the door locked, I know your heating up hot Because I touched the sure spot, you got defeated and dropped I punch you in the jaw-ops You talk dirt, you get dirt thats how I stand on niggas networks You think that best works? You think you can't get hurt? The bitch in you, makes you run for cover when I spit at you A man-to-man zone Allen Iverson couldn't dribble through Rapid fire syllables, you gotta bribe me with a mill' or two To keep me from killing you with the lyrical All you chief executives ampin answer records and shit See, what goes around comes around, bitch The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Eve f/ DMX Album: Ruff Ryder's First Lady Song: Dog Match Typed by: Ghettofabulous98@hotmail.com [DMX] Ugh! (Whoa) Ugh!(Woo!) Ugh! Ugh! (Arf! Arf! Arf!) Ugh! Ugh! Ugh! Now for every real dog There's that bitch that's behind him That bitch that when that nigga get to missin' She gon' find him Old girl gonna stand with the dog Hand in hand with the dog And whatever the fuck went down she ran with the dog First time I had a match and didn't scratch You catch just loss half you niggas, but the punk can fetch And I know my babygirl is gonna stretch Any rappin' motherfucker, male or female Place your bets You can imagine what the bloodline is like Since I love mine to fight I'm on some shit like what time tonight Y'all niggaz can't be for real Cause any one of you faggots Will catch a face full of lead Bitch you shouldn't be faggots Fuckin' maggots, once you have it, as good as I got it I know my hands is in my pockets But Eve got you spotted, red dotted Eve didn't before the Dog Nothin' but a walk in the park [Eve] Always been the bitch that could roll with a thug and Wipe up the blood Roll in the mud with your other ducks nigga what? What you need when the chips is down I'll abide on the stand when evidence is found I give pound to ya niggaz they respect this bitch I spit rounds at your enemy no less than six Always keep the extra clip Dog taught me well The extra eyes on your team I see who's next to fail Always hold your back up, I pick it up when you slack up And if attention gets to close I tell the world to back up Bind too tight, rhymes who ride? Bitch and you livin' nigga lessons through life Fuckin' with the dog he's the master Plus he's gonna show me how to blast ya Bullets hit you then pass you Split you then stash you The game is real, E-V-E, DMX, the name's for real, uh 1 – [DMX]   Fuckin' with the dog man niggaz keep beefin'   Eve will hold it down now, niggaz can believe (Woo!)   Quick as niggaz come and quick as they'll be leavin' (Ugh!)   Paramedics on your chest, pushin' and breathin' Repeat 1 [DMX] Get em girl, ha-ha, that's my baby I'mma put the bitch down, cause the boy got rabies All my pups is crazy, cause off the leash They can eat, stand a match for 3 hours at least And if the beast is in the big one The beast is in the little ones Talkin' ‘bout let's hit him son Fuckin' with the little guns Y'all niggaz had a little run What more do you want? For your fans you can front But the dog is on the hunt [Eve] You know I'm at the door point fox rippin' ‘em out And you're the only one that can tame me When I'm flippin em out Bite's lethal, no recovering I spitz no other than acid Up against the top contenders None of them lasted This bitch gon always hold you down Keep the cowards thinking twice I keeps it gritty nigga Never think that love is life Turnin' my back is something cats would do I never take flight Cause any breed he put's me up against This bitch is gonna bite Repeat 1 (4x) [DMX] Ugh! Woo! Ugh! Ugh! Woo! Ugh! Ugh! Ugh! Ugh! Woo! Woo! Woo! Woo! Woo! Woo! Ugh! Ugh! Ugh! Ugh! Ugh! Ugh! Ugh! Ugh! Ugh! Ugh! Ugh! Ugh! Ugh! Woo! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Eve f/ The Ruff Ryders Album: Ruff Ryders First Lady Song: Scenario 2000 (Jigga My Nigga Remix) Typed by: Lilmidget1@aol.com, Millionaireplus@hotmail.com [Swizz Beatz] (mmm, mmmm) See y'all don't understand us you know Ruff Ryders is a family Ruff Ryders... Ruff Ryders... Ruff Ryders Lets go... Swizz Beatz [DMX] This is the darkest shit, sparkest shit Hittin wit the hardest Shit, cuz before we started shit Wit kidz I knew my friendz all turned against me Said fuck it, bought me a dog ever since me and my dog has been like this He got my back I got his, schemin on mad niggaz Dats how we do bidz It's about time to start another, robbin spree Cause yo, my way is highway, robbery, chump When I was up North, Sing-Sing I was sendin niggaz home in a coffin Livin like a orphan, you bad nigga?  I'll be back to see if you'll be still here You know my style I'll put yo fucking man, in a wheelchair He'll never walk again, on the strength of me Dats how I left him G, scared to death of me Cannot run, hit wit the hot one From the shotgun, cats was close, wondered how we got done [Eve] Yo yo, E-V-E My dogz believe in me Petty thugz hide yo cake, never teasin me I show love to, all my bitches hustlin one'z, tussle wit thieves Makin moves, second to none, I locked it, uh Made a sudden move you got bit Flooded wit the double R, real street shit Da blond hair bandit, you got gunz, hand it Turn my face when I bust a cannon Cuz I don't wear sunblock Ask Drag if the fire is hot  shit pop shellz, fall three feet, roll over and stop We warn niggaz that we coming then we hold up the block scorn niggaz like their mothers then we wet up their socks  red dye, escaping on the red eye ,sea shores then hide out buy out bars till we see fall Believe in this game, we beat y'all, you got money? Keep y'alls, for us be tearin tryin to hide, then our fire Beat y'alls [JadaKiss]  And you can come see me if you tryin to make a gram tonight Cause I can get it for you raw, gray, tan or white Fuck rap yo, I'd rather be plannin a flight Somewhere hot on a wave runner, tanning wit dykes Blowin the haze, while all of em givin me brains One at a time, y'all start from the front of the line everybody wanna contact me and get wit me but still end up being mad cuz i charge fifty and as for you suka, you can keep those rapz and Screw your awardz, my son can't eat those plaques I never was shit but some things i never forget like if you spend three your guaranteed to make back six Drove the Benz off the lot and just dusted her off Tints, rims, stashed, tick the governer off Even the cats that be hatin still be lovin the dogs Cause they know that the double R's comin for war Wha [Styles] If you ain't ready to die, then why should you live? Cuz when I start bustin the guns , you hidin the kids And the Pieer's still ridin on clips, survivin wit bricks We beefin on the 4th you got to die on the 5th Like I wasnt hustlin dope or robbin the blocks Starvin or not, carvin the cheek, palmin the glock I figure which nigga could I watch wit a watch I like to knock off my crack then I pull off a heist Put it together, double it twice,this shit is my life  Catch me wit a 45, hot pair of Nikes And three red dice, like, give me the bank or gimmie yo face Gimmie a shank It's Holiday ugh the hoopties in the front but the truckers a mile away niggaz wanna ride tomorrow when they prolly die today cause the P'll hollow the guns Holla at sons if you feel a nigga holla back then you swallow the ones [Sheek] (uh, uh, uh) Y'all dem bust in them crowd niggaz and hit whoever When you should aim for them niggaz that took yo leather They right there, but you scared that they gon bust Cause they crazy, but them crazy niggaz bleed like us See I'm one shot thru the heart like Cupid Y'all niggaz might be crazy, but y'all not stupid its 99 im killings you women and kids fuck scar-face watch me, im more action to see than dem motherfuckers that yall see on T.V. and fuck what you heard this how sheek get down comes wit guns, shit im rhyming wit one on me now you never know what clown goin ta walk into the studio talking shit and its gonna be more than the amster blow I pour gas on your skin and watch your shit detatch lit and book of matches now thats when you have met your match and the worst thing for you is to have a gun when im thursty ill turn niggaz more holy man, than Eddie Murphy i got more bricks than that city do with jersey Yo i got call cops niggaz, I got autops niggaz, that'll bust you and slide And some ol 6-drop niggaz Revolver Pop niggaz, easy Ox niggaz  Get knocked, say we smoked detox niggaz Drug program, hit the streetz we cop 56 mo gramz Y'all niggaz ain't messin wit scrams  And that's [Drag-On] (come on, come on, come on,)  Boy, whats the difference between fire and water? You whether drown or die off torture, cause yo skins of ya And watch ya burn off fat, dog I'm off the thermostat Could put a comb to my mouth and give yo bitch a perm wit that Keep shellz in the envelopes cuz I'll mail out bullets More blood that a riot on a jailhouse footage Buck 40, buy the extra 20 wit the semi, when it hit you You gon do a 360 pretty swiftly when i burn you to a crisp you ganna be cruncher than chips wit mah hand all up in da bag munchin on tha shit bit by bit clip by clip and every block by block  is brick on brick I got knots on knots Cause I got things that'll pop yo top And double R spot yo block wit 16 shots and watch y'all drop And ain't nobody gettin up, (un)less they in the wheelchair Sittin up or spittin up, either way I don't give a fuck The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Eve f/ DMX Album: Scorpion Song: Scream Double R Typed by: mothegreat@bet.com (The chorus is drowned out and in the back round) (Chorus) (x2)  [Eve (DMX)] Get that ass up and Scream Double R (What!) We ain't going nowhere we made it this far(Uh -1st time come on - 2nd) Let me see my, my dogs (*growls*) Let me hear my, my dogs (*Barks*) [DMX (Over Chorus)] Uh, What, Uh, My Baby, My, Baby, That's my baby COME ON! [DMX] Time to hit y'all cats with another joint from Eve and the dog And you know how we do baby creep in the fog Now hold it down for the fellas, hold it down for the girls Keep motherfuckers knowing this rap shit is our world (WHAT!) Been there and done that (UH), had fun where the run at (UH) Don't got to shoot a motherfucker no more so put the gun back (UH) Pay niggas to do that, cause they a lot better at it Keep the burner in the truck cause well you got to have it (aight) It's an unwritten law (uh huh)  Let a faggot open that unwritten door (uh huh) Hit 'em with four (uh) hairline to the jaw (WHAT!) That's what I'm aiming at We going to get that nigga X aight well keep saying that Eve I wish you the best and I'll always love you (what) Never hear me say FUCK YOU because I love you (what) Always here for you when somebody else is not (uh) A dog and his bitch blowing up the spot Come on (Chorus sounding regular) (Chorus) (x2) [Eve] It should be against the law, me and the dog like a brawl And the only thing that can help you is God and you should call on him Weak sight, the streets like, creep like Cause they got each other's she bark and he bite It ain't strange you cats know the name Double R scream it bubble hard it's a shame Realest niggas doing it, them clowns they ruin it Shut 'em down give 'em pounds cause palms go glue in it Sticky finger niggas steal each other's style  Claiming how they started things not original Cats they get caught up in the glitter and glam If that's the case you should be considered a fan I'm like tired of the same beats that claim streets Doing nothing but ducking from the hood got the same speech Only one you feeling is you niggas know the deal Industry, fuck it, in the streets keep it real, nigga (Chorus) (x2) [DMX] Since the beginning we both knew we was winning Cause we been in all type of shit (uh) but kept on spitting, hitting Niggas in the head with that shit that let 'em know it was the truth So they feel that cause it's real black (WHAT!) We never going to stop (uh), no matter what they say (uh) No matter what they do (uh) they'll never take it away (Come On) What the Lord give you let no man curse E-V-E and DMX from the birth to the earth [Eve] Why they sick cause we still close thought that it was over Cats trying to tear us apart dogs got closer All the shit we deal with only make us stronger Try to do a lot of shit but they can't belong to For real niggas scared us, steady catching them bluffing What you say shut up nigga saying much of nothing Act like they don't want it but they demand it Double R keep it hard and niggas can't stand it (Chorus) (x3) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Foxy Brown f/ DMX Album: Chyna Doll Song: Dog & A Fox Typed by: john.mangal@consunet.nl, janis@betatesters.com [DMX] Uhhhh, uhhhhhh Let's do it, we're startin' Uh, come on boogie boogie, uh, uh Lets do it, let's do it, DMX, come on I been playin' bitches all my life, from that hoe to my wife You think I give a fuck, like you don't know I'm livin' trife Strife and struggle, bitches with pussy on the juggle Little shorty named Tomika from 25th who can smuggle Cheese to that Columbian Connection  From that cross-the-water section Baby nine-seventeen, try for protection Injection of that shit I'm kickin' Got you stickin' niggas you got love for Bring 'em up, touch 'em with the buzz saw  Bitches slingin' rocks, swingin' glocks, bringin' knocks Holdin' down the fort even when it's steamin' hot Money's being got but honeys actin' shady So I hit it with 5 between the 380's Can't fox a 300 Mercedes Time like this bring out the savage and shit Bitches ain't keepin' it real, so I'm damagin' shit I'm on that scavenger shit, and I'm hungry Fox with the Dog, it's about to get ugly, for real Aiyyo 	[Both] 1 - 	Ya bitches suck a dick 	(Ya'll niggaz eat a clit) 	Yeah, you think you fuckin' slick 	(Ya'll niggaz ain't shit) 	Ya bitches suck a dick  	(Ya'll niggaz want this bitch) 	You think you fuckin' slick?  	Ya bitches suck a dick 	(Ya'll niggaz eat a clit) 	You think you fuckin' slick 	(Ya'll niggaz ain't shit) 	Ya bitches suck a dick  	(Ya'll niggaz want this bitch) 	You think you fuckin' slick? [Foxy Brown] Nigga fuck you, eat a fat boy Do' I stacked on pussy, platinum and lace Ain't no smile on my face Shit, burn up by the waist Fuck him right to the safe and tell him Crack the bitch before I blast his bitch Ya'll know Na-Na come through Dime-chicks, iced up, minked out, rolly 6, light grey chrome 6 Go to ask, wanna fuck? Then throw the cash right 'Aye bitch needs some dick in they life Make 'em cop you with rock or just copy some rocks Take it all from his dumb-ass, slide on his bum-ass I want some shit and I'm hungry, Dog with the Fox It's about to get ugly Repeat 1 Repeat 1 The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Funkmaster Flex f/ DMX Album: The Mix Tape Volume III: 60 Minutes of Funk Song: DMX Freestyle Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Uhh, uhh, uhh Niggaz gettin trampled on, what's all the fuss about? Suckin my dick so hard, I'm bustin in they mouth And then I snuff em out, four to the mid', fuck what I did With no regard for a bid, ripped you up, while you wit your kid Slid into the shadows, cause I'm dark like that I bark like that, jet black, but I spark like that Where ARE they at, when I get thirsty, shit Ain't a nigga strong enough to stand the worst it gets Bits, and pieces are all thats that left Niggaz so scared to death, they hold they motherfuckin breath til I pass, cause they ass, and I smelled em I S-P-E-L-L-E-D T-H-E-M, I spelled em To make me have to swell one, eye up, lump up one head Catch a body with the shottie, pump up one dead Red alert, niggaz is about to get hurt, do work to skirts, like a jag on the merk, ARF Night time is the right time for creepin Vandalize your crib, rape your wife while she's sleepin I been off the deep end, since I was semen That's why now, I'm such a motherfuckin demon! SCREAMIN, my bloody head off, shit on my mind I gotsta get off Can't even hold a joint, lest I let off a couple of rounds, from the big three pound, seven That's about eleven hundred as of now How-can-one-man-kill-so-many-and the-sin-be-plenty-before-the-age-of-20 {*sing like Nice and Smooth*} Life ain't worth a penny in, my book faggot That's why I took faggot shit, I'm a crook faggot Fat new leather jacket, I bag it, along with the jewels smackin tools out the hands of fools On the strength that they don't know what they holdin Niggaz called me TAILOR cause the WAY that I be sewin shit up cause I get up, off my ass and SKATE Makin more moves than U-Haul, from state to state I speak the GREAT, and if a nigga tells you different You turn around you ask the nigga, "The FUCK is you be sniffin?" Cause when it come to riffin, I am the riff raffin Gots to say nuttin, niggaz know they get had Motherfucker, Funk Flex, volume three, the final chapter Ruff Ryders, Irv Gotti, Def Jam.. Right here, where my dogs at? Got them all for you baby I got them all I gots them all.. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Funkmaster Flex f/ DMX Album: The Mix Tape Volume IV: 60 Minutes of Funk Song: Do You Typed by: janis@betatesters.com [Intro] That "T" would help though Here we go again Yeah, check it out, y'all Check it out, check it out Check it out y'all, check it out y'all Straight Y.O. mother fuckers Now days cats and middleman, little man, ain't controlling shit Talk about holding bricks, but ain't holding dick Niggas talk real slick, but that's about it Soon as I see 'em headed my way, I cut them off quick Must you beat me in my head everytime I come through? It's shit like, everybody tells me I sound just like you But you not me, got me? And you can live without me If I wasn't DMX, you wouldn't give a fuck about me Ain't about "Dog I wanna be just like you" How about you wanting to be just like you? You can do what I do, just in your own way Shit, I get niggas that ride big every fuckin' day (I-ight?) If you got talent, talent is yours, it can't be mine And it take you where it's gon' take you, it'll be fine Let me hit 'em with the rewind Do you and I'll do me To me you'll see how real you'll be 1 - 	Do you - Cuz what it boils down to it's true 	Do you - Cuz you are held accountable fo ryou 	Do you - Is that really what you want me to see 	Do you - Cuz I'mma do me, truley 	Do you - Cuz what it boils down to, it's true 	Do you - Cuz you are held accountable for you 	Do you - Is that really what you want me to see 	Do you - Cuz I'mma do me, truley Hey yo dog, I got lyrics Hey yo dog, I got beats (Word) Damn, is this the type of shit I gots to put up with in the streets? Used to be able to walk, not have to talk to nobody Everywhere I go it's like I bring the whole party It ain't about tryin' to follow or tryin' to be like But if we all see it through the eyes of the Lord, we see a light (c'mon) Just let me get a hold of the mic, I'll teach you a little something Now the good things that go wrong because of a little frontin' Express yourselves, be who you are, umm umm, you're a shining star You don't even know what you got inside How the fuck you gon' find out, you keep wanting to ride Hey yo, I ain't gon' let it slide no more You're best to go for what you know Can't do you, then what you flow for You ain't gon' get there tryin' to be me, dog Look through your eyes, see what you see Repeat 1 Like fuck it, you wanna be me? Here's what you do Grow up neglected by both parents and still pull through You gots to come up fucked up, get treated like shit Then have your mother's new boyfriend smack you like a bitch Turn into a killer, don't carry shottie Cuz the way it's goin' down right now, you gon' kill somebody Get a dog, walk the streets, learn what you need to learn Better have a cause but because you'll get burned You got 15 years without ever coming out And beat your fist at the world and what they talkin' about Then get locked up every two years For two years keep it real, hold back all tears, face your fears Become a man before your time, rap but live out your rhymes Let 'em know what's on your mind, then you'll get your shine In time, everything you hear will come true But you won't be doin' me, you'll be doin' you Repeat 1 until fade Artist: (The Game f/) DMX Album: L.A.X. Song: Intro Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [DMX] In the name of Jesus, let us pray Father we thank you for wakin us up this morning We thank you for surrounding us with your guardian angels as we slept We thank you for waking our family and friends and loved ones as well Keeping us safe We thank you for, waking our enemies this day father For they are your children as we are Lord I, Earl Simmons, stand in the gap with Jayceon Terrell Taylor And pray that, he he's continued, as a child of yours He's continued in your face, he's continued with the blessings that you've blessed so many others with In the name of Jesus We pray that any obstacle, the devil plans to place in our path be removed in the name of Jesus father Every spirit, everything ugly that we come up against Right now father, every spirit of addiction Every spirit of ANGER~! Every spirit of JEALOUSY, every spirit of DECEPTION Every spirit of GREED! EVERY SPIRIT OF ENVY! EVERY SPIRIT OF LUST, WE COME AGAINST RIGHT NOW IN THE NAME OF JESUS FATHER Let us say, DEVIL, I rebuke you in the name of Jesus DEVIL, we rebuke you in the name of Jesus DEVIL, we rebuke you in the name of Jesus DEVIL, we rebuke you in the name of Jesus DEVIL, we rebuke you in the name of Jesus DEVIL, we rebuke you in the name of Jesus DEVIL, WE REBUKE YOU, IN THE NAME OF JESUS~! {*thunder rolls and ends*} Artist: (The Game f/) DMX Album: L.A.X. Song: Outro Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [DMX] You give us power through spoken word Father You see, we have but to ask, with a sincere heart, and it will be So we thank you for the spoken word Father You say that when one or more come together in your name that your presence will be felt So we not only ask to feel your presence WE NEED to feel your presence Father~! We thank you for blessings you've given us this day Things that, people don't even realize ARE blessings! THE FOOD you've given us to eat THE CARS you've given us to drive THE CLOTHES you've given us to wear THE MONEY you've given us to spend THE LIVES you've allowed us to touch and the lives that have touched our own Thank you for all these things Father in the name of Jesus Thank you again for the power of the spoken word I pray, I pray, that by the end of this day This word, which is YOUR WORD Coming through MY MOUTH, will touch someone and save someone's life, in Jesus by your name I pray Amen, amen... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jadakiss f/ DMX Album: Kiss Tha Game Goodbye Song: Un-Hunh! Typed by: NSaneNieves@aol.com Errrr, here we go again Uh, un-hunh Uh, un-hunh Uh, un-hunh [DMX] Yeah, yo Kiss [Jada] What up dog? [DMX] These niggaz running around here like they controling this shit [Jada] No doubt [DMX] Let's show these niggaz how to take hold of this shit [Jada] That's what I'm talkin about baby [DMX] For real baby [Jada] Let's get it on [DMX] I only gave you the crown so I could shoot it off your fuckin head Yall niggaz fuckin dead, you heard what the fuck I said I talk shit cause I walk shit, start shit, New York shit The hawk shit, spark shit, the dark shit And it been that way, fuck how a nigga live it's gon' end that way niggaz is part of a game that I don't play Never catch dog carrying what I don't weigh That's three 45s, one 38, 173 pounds straight out the gate I don't hate, got no beef but knock a nigga off quick And I'm mad like a bitch and a nigga with a soft dick Get off this, fucking with X, but on some other shit Why the fuck you fucking with X? You must be fucking with X Go catch a chicken, fucking with me you gon' catch a whippen [Chorus: Jadakiss & DMX] Un-hunh, here we go again Un-hunh, here we go again Un-hunh, here we go again Un-hunh, here we go again Un-hunh, here we go again Un-hunh, here we go again Un-hunh, here we go again Un-hunh, here we go again [Jadakiss] Look don't try to apologize on your two way Sympathy don't amuse me, go get your uzi And let's make a real movie Play bad guy and good guy til the hood die Toast yall cowards Now I know the reason why Pac ain't really like most yall cowards Im'a show you how to swing the chrome for real Dog this year we gon' bring it home for real What you wanna bet the llama'll squash you I been had a white fan base before the signing of Marshall Boy Kiss is thorough, hit your girl Put it all up her stomach til she earl Yall niggaz ain't nice ya lucky So fuck it Im'a sell dope long as the price is lovely And it ain't only the voice it's the bars of death DMX and Jadakiss nigga guard ya chest [DMX] When is they getting off our dicks, them niggaz is clowns How many dogs you let go up, still getting down Like 'face said, last of a dying breed For stomach and I feed still trying to eat Lead by greed that's when you fuck up Yall niggaz gonna know when we hungry, you get stuck up (What what?) What's up? Fuck a nigga yelling Y-O motherfucker for real, yo 'Kiss tell 'em [Jadakiss] Shoot to kill, stomp niggaz out boot to grill I'll give you a reason why I'm "The Truth" for real niggaz can't fuck with Kiss, I mean that Had to stop eating red meat cause I ate too many Beanie-Macs I'm not one of them niggaz and since you so richeous Don't make me send your ass to Ala quicker niggaz gas you to force your hand Realistically you just a worker and your boss is my man [Chorus] - 2X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jadakiss f/ DMX, Drag-On, Eve, Sheek Louch, Styles P, Swizz Beatz Album: Who's Real 12" Song: Who's Real (Ruff Ryders Remix) Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Swizz] Ruff Ryders, we back ['Kiss] AH-HAH! [Swizz] You know the streets don't know how to act [Intro: DMX] Let's go! (OKAY!) That's what it is man, ya mean? (yeah!) It don't change baby, geah! We got 'Kiss on the joint! (c'mon!) C'mon, we got Swizz on the joint! (c'mon!) [Chorus: Swizz Beatz] + (DMX) He's phony, she's fake (she's fake!) That's the type of people I hate (I hate!) If you real and you know it clap your hands (clap your hands) {*clap clap*} If you real and you know it clap your hands (clap your hands) {*clap clap*} [Interlude: Swizz Beatz] + (DMX) Wait a minute - who's real, who's not? (who's not?) She's real, but he's not (he's not!) If you real and you know it clap your hands (clap your hands) {*clap clap*} If you real and you know it clap your hands {*clap clap*} [Jadakiss] + (Swizz) Remix, uh-huh, remix Clap clap, clap, AH-HAH! (Jada Jada!) Yo, you know what I do to you Turn your festivities right into a funeral, the body look beautiful Now you could let 'em know it's real wherever 'Kiss at Ya face get broke though, I don't know who could fix that Might have to ask 'Ye that, I don't play that I was movin that Vana White before Sajack 500 stacks in the condo, pronto Handshakes, eye contact when I convo Fake and the phony don't mix Real homies roll thick, real Roleys don't tick You're lyin - and your stupid ass chains How the fuck you expect people to believe them is real diamonds (E-V-E!) [Eve] + (Swizz) Now.. who's fake, who's real? Top chick in the game wear the crown still Yeah, I vacated for a while Mocha tan got ya man goin wild Maserati the body, charmed out the Bugatti Can't nobody stop me, all they could do is watch me Now freeze (freeze) chill (chill) Where my ladies in the place that's real? (oh yeah) [Chorus] - without DMX ad libs [Drag-On] + (Swizz) (Get 'em Drag!) I go to sleep as a gremlin and wake up as a demon Be a four-headed monster by the afternoon Now the nigga sold me a scope and the lens don't zoom (so what?) Now I gotta run up on 'em, BOOM! My flow sound like the definition of Attica Extended the A-R to give it more stamina Knock knock, who's the next challenger? So I can embarrass 'em on camera (S.P. the Ghost) [Styles P] + (Swizz) I'm like Billy the Kid or Bill Gates Deal with the real and never the real fake E'rybody hustlin and they all deal weight When they get around them thugs they don't all feel safe (bounce on 'em) Every rapper Blood or Crip that gon' bang You be with the cops who's soft ass gang Come to D-Block you would've lost that chain Or an M-16 woulda offed yo' brain (D-Block, Sheek Louch!) [Sheek Louch] + (Swizz) If you keep that hammer on your waist, clap your hands No jewelry, just a couple rubber bands Yeah, you real and you know it, take the skinny jeans back Take the Auto-Tune off and stop actin all soft If you love it in the hood, clap your hands Late night strip club, mami do the dance Yeah, Sheek Louch, Donnie the Gorilla got cake yo Lay low, eyes closed, I see who's fake though (Ruff Ryders!) [DMX] Okay okay, let 'em go, Dog keep them fightin Niggaz don't know then, let's get to fightin Y'all walk like that, but I walk like this Y'all look the other way but I'm startin shit Fuck y'all niggaz who ain't built like Dog B.F.W. - Built For War! I LIKE this hook, I LIKE this beat This the type of shit that let me talk to the street Been in the game, winnin the game Still in the game, cause of you it's still a game Y'all niggaz is still playin, but I don't (NOT) Y'all niggaz apologize, but I won't (NOT) Let Dog go last to air shit out Beast on the track, I'ma bear shit out Go go gorilla! I'm a hostile nigga That's what you get for runnin your mouth niggaz [Outro: Swizz Beatz] Ruff Ryders, Ryders, Ryders, Ryders... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ja Rule f/ Jay-Z, DMX Album: Venni, Vetti, Vecci Song: It's Murda Typed by: MrSpree15@aol.com DMX: URRRRRRR Uh huh Y'all motherfuckers ready or what? Is y'all motherfuckers ready or what? I don't think you are I don't think so! They got my back against the building I'm the villian that's creeping around corners Like shorty you see them niggas creeping around, warn us We might be coming through, gunning through, running through So be careful what you do Or the slugs might come to you As long as I can remeber, the streets have kept me safe And ever since that time in December, the heat's been in my waist I need an extra set of eyes so I keep my dogs with me Doctor says let them die said his fucking dog bit me I don't know whats wrong with me But it seems like since you heard of us Y'all niggas turning into murderers Couldn't fuck with a third of us Still against me And wanting to see me in the box Grilling me all crazy when you see me and the L.O.X. Leave you Red like Foxx Ain't nothing funny about that I see you in a coma, ain't coming up out that You hold on for too long and they ain't pulling the plug for you I'll run up in the joint myself and bust another slug on you It's murda It's murda motherfuckers Jay-Z: I take a squat then post up with the toast up I bring beef to a closure Know somethin? >From cats stackin four-somes I'm loathesome  I scream out fuck the world then I throw something Niggas scheming hard but fuck it, it's the god I leave bullets lodged leave you leaning on your broad And our punks leave you gagged up in your car Slumping Kennedy-style with your memory out What the fuck y'all want? Daddio with the calico  Let the gaty blow leave you bleeding on your patio I leave rivals on their backs looking up at the sky blue Not only do I leave you I hide you I before you X and Ja-Rule Death before dishonor now and prior to Boss man spy on you Conspire you Me die before you? You liar, you Niggas is dead off the hits I approve Fuck it, I got the feds wearin wired suits Y'all niggas don't listen Whether in streets or in prison When we find them we twist them They fucking up missing Y'all don't understand we want y'all all to hate it It's murda Murder incorporated It's murda In crime we all related It's murda See if y'all can take it Ja-Rule: I'ma murderer and murdering anything that moves Through ya nine niggas Straight do or die niggas Caught up and fall victim to the worst shit X, Jigga, and Ja as expected Shot on the world and reflect it Niggas don't respect it So get it the worst way Fuck with the wolves you get hunted like prey Shot up in broad day Now everybody want you I'm feeling like: stupid didn't the inc. warn you the first time It's murda Whenever you see blood It's murda Lay you down for the love That's us  Leave the lights on Knife through your windpipe Cause most of your niggas ain't cut right You thinking it's alright  But it ain't I'm paralyzing clowns up and down from the waist Giving niggas facelifts and taking it While making you bleed And if I got a taste of the shit I'm taking more than you need It's nothing but love between me, you, and these slugs Hit him up wrap his body up in a area rug Who holding the heat? Who leaving niggas cold in the street? Y'all know me, ya Co-D, Ja-Rule the O.G. Niggas better watch me closely Get a grip, it's hennessy that fuels all that murderin' shit When I look in the mirror my reflection is killer Jigga, X, Ja niggas  It's murda The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jayo Felony f/ DMX, Method Man Album: Whatcha Gonna Do LP/HavPlenty Soundtrack Song: Whatcha Gonna Do Typed by: badboyee77@juno.com *Chorus* I say I can give it to you but whatcha gon do wit it, I can give it to you but whatcha gon doo (2x) wha-wha wha-wha whaaat [Jayo Felony] I can give it to ya but whatcha gonna do wit it When I'm in Texas I'm bumpin' screw music With Big Mike and Scarface with Luke Luke Me and lil' Crook like Bo and Luke duke When I'm in Miami I go to scoop Luke to see the peep show and hit some duke shoot Went to Branson, back to back, Lex Coupe Up in "Harlem World" in my Timb boots Two suckers had beef so I watched them shoot Called up Benny Rat, copped a bullet proof Seen T-Funk he took us to the fruit Then he went to the Tunnell and brought down the roof Mink coats and moet, bitches drippin sweat Slang a cassette to Funkmaster Flex And now Im bumpin' on East Coast tapedecks Went from Swatch to platinum Rolex S.D., Jersey we getting more sex, flow next, go next *Chorus* *Hook* Im too sexy for my motherfuckin hood, hood Im too sexy for my motherfuckin low ridahh (2x) [Method Man] If my niggas cant eat then y'all niggaz can't sleep I just begun to creep, Nightmares on Elm Street Release from Jones Beach to South Beach, capeesh? Kickin dust as I bust, fuck peace And all them crooked cops on the beat My niggas bring the funk like your Grandpa feet Til death do us part, save my bullets for the charts With darts, like HBO watching after dark No love for a mark, even less for a trick That wanna be like Mike, Mike who my dick Real shit Hot Nicks Run wit my niggas that aint got shit Pop shit, and peddle poetry for profit One time, out for mine, but cant stop it Trying to keep they hands in my pocket So I bring obnoxious, infected lah that be toxic Leave the crime scene spotless Mix the green with the chocolate, here's the topic Niggas, synchronize your watches We goin in, wit nothin but a Clan logo Mr. meth, (DMX!) I'm running loco motherfucker *Chorus* *Hook* [DMX] I got a wicked flow and I'm gonna kick it yo, feel the pressure Snatching niggas up just like change off the dresser Niggas hit me with the best shit then what I shake that bullshit off *arf arf arf* then go nutz Ive been down too long, cant a motherfucker show me nothing Y'all bitch niggas is duckin me like you owe me something I got more homies than an esse, but lets say I couldnt talk you wouldnt walk my way on your best day The best way you can hope to get close to me Is right here under my wing like you're supposed to be The first time you start acting fuckin strange  Best to be ducking range Talkin shit wearing a fuckin' chain I break niggaz like promises Split em' open like Thomas' And sell more drugs than a pharmacist Strapped wit nothing but a rhyme a long history of violent crime Attitude that doesnt mind doing time *Chorus* *Hook* The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z f/ DMX Album: Vol. 2... Hard Knock Life Song: Money, Cash, Hoes Typed by: Osirus260@aol.com Jay-Z: Turn the lights all the way Turn the lights all the way down What Uhhuh Yeah  (Uhh) Come on Big flow (GGRRRRRR) Come on yeah come on  Yo Yo J-A-Y, I flow sick Fuck all y'all haters blow dick I spits the game for those that throw bricks Money cash hoes money cash chicks what Sex murder and mayhem romance for the street Only wife of mines is a life of crime And since, life's a bitch in mini-skirts and big chests How can I not flirt with death  That's life's a nigga, long as life prevent us We gonna send a lot and pray to Christ forgive us Fuck it Ice the wrists and raise the price on these niggaz Y'all cant floss on my level I'll invite you all to get wit us if ya ball is glitter When I go all the harlem playaz wall my picture If you get close enough you can read the scripture It reads money cash hoes how real was that nigga what Chorus: (repeat 2X) Money cash hoes money cash hoes (WHAT) Money cash hoes money cash hoes (UHH) Money cash hoes money cash hoes (COME ON) Money cash hoes (WHAT) hoes (WHAT) hoes (WHAT) Flavors robust platinum and gold touch  Y'all rap now, fast money lets slow it up Niggaz try to stop Jay-Z to no luck Roc-A-Fella foreva CEO what what Us the villains, fuck your feelings While yall playa hate we in the upper millions Whats the dealings (huh) its like New York's been soft Ever since Snoop came through and crushed the buildings I'm tryin to restore the feelings fuck the law keep dealing More money more cash more chilling I know they gone criticize the hook on this song Like I give a fuck I'm just a crook on this song Bed-Stuy Brooknon took on the world  Shit I led a life you can write a book on Sex murder and mayhem romance for the street  Man and I tell ya itll be the best seller Chorus: (2X) DMX: D-M-X and my dogs bite Jigga my nigga rhyme all night Thugs for life one night with this rap shit Let em go and I bet they know what'll happen  When we clap shit Actin like we owe em something Then we show em something Talk greasy I think they found em down the road or something Fuckin wit a madman in a bad mood Its like fuckin wit a mad dog that wasnt fed food And the only thing thats stoppin him is you  Cause the only thing that he'll be droppin is you Topic include; choppin in two Drop it to Clue and the response from the street This was one dog that loves raw meat But gettin back to just cause I, love my niggaz  I shed blood, for my niggaz  Let a nigga holler where my niggaz All I'ma hear is right here my nigga  Chorus: (2X) Roc-A-Fella shit uhhuh Ruff Ryders My nigga Swizz Uhhuh uhhuh Dont stop biatch Uh Uhhuh yeah  Inspect the game yo The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jermaine Dupri f/ DMX, The Mad Rapper Album: Life in 1472 Song: Get Your Shit Right Typed by: ethanlavelle@hotmail.com [DMX] Grrrrrrr, grrrrr, grrr (Yeah) Chorus: repeat 2X To all my bitches in the spot lookin' real fly An' all my niggas wit the corner locked gettin' high An' all my playas world wide it's just you and I Getcha paper, getcha dough, getcha shit right [Jermaine Dupri] First off, y'all niggaz know I don't slouch An' as a kid I done did the shit you talkin about I'm from the South, ya heard? Where niggas fly birds outta Impalas Live lavish From ATL to Dallas an' the little palace Goin once, goin twice, everyday, livin nice In the grey wit the ice, makin money rollin dice Livin the life, that y'all dream of Puttin niggaz outta business like Sony did to Sega You seen us, the green stuff An nuttin' else that's all I collect I got the hots like the Lox - Money, Power and Respect An' I can damn the check that any of y'all niggaz spit I stay hittin, I ain't bullshittin (he ain't bullshittin) Nigga, wit more glitta, than M.J. It's all pimp play, when it comes to me An' y'all motherfuckers know how J.D. gets down An' those who don't it's a new sheriff in town Feel me now Chorus x2 [Mad Rapper] Yo, let me tell you were I'm at y'all Shits kinda sad y'all If you ride the buses or trains Watch ya back ya'll Who think he stallin? I still ain't ballin An' I got wild bills An' a crowd that keeps callin My dogs wanna hang (bark) My bitches wanna bang But it don't mean a thang  When all you got is change That's why my women ain't dimes Not even close to nines Sorta like fives and sixes Wit scars and stiches Type of bitches that spit in yo' face like Alomar Broke hoes without a car  snatchin' fruit from salad bars Which one of ya'll come on, test me now Me not goin' nowhere, you don't impress me now So next time you see me up in them clubs I'm probably scemin' While you at the bar Brick hard and fiendin' I wait for 4 o'clock when yo' drunk ass is leavin' Cause I paid to get in An' now I gotta pray teethin' Chorus x2 [DMX] Niggas goin' to parties Thousand dollar shoes and jewels You Begets what I be wantin' so I be bringin' the tool Tryin' to snatch up all that ice that you came in An' nigga D be flippin', yeah, money, it's the same shit What you thought Cause you bought A joint You might be able to creep a nigga When he ain't on point An' I can see it in yo' eyes that you comin' closer than tryin' An' every step you take brings yo' ass closer to dyin' An' I don't flow wit the dough cause money comes and goes Gimme the love of my thugs Hoodrats and hoes, an' I'm good Cause motherfucker I'm stayin in the hood An' I'm gon' rip till I'm stiff like wood You wishin' that you could Keep it as real as me An' you gon' know that the pain that you feel is me When I get ill it be Some next shit Darkman, Motherfuckin X shit Wreck shit For respect bitch Chorus x4 The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: John Forte' f/ 20 Grand, DMX Album: Poly Sci Song: We Got This Typed by: FugeeCamp@aol.com .....(Forte & DMX Growling).... [Chorus - Forte' & DMX] {Forte'} You wanna bust guns? (You wanna lock fists?) - DMX in parentheses {Forte} Forte' ! (DMX!) {Forte'} Be the hottest! {Forte' & DMX} We Got This!!! (You ain't hear?!!!!) {Forte'} We Got This! ( Nigga! You ain't hear?!!!) {Forte'} We Got This!  {Forte' & DMX} Straight up! We locked it!!! [Forte' - Verse One] Associated with the razor blade spinners like gym stars and heavy hitters,  Them younger gods love banana clips, broads that strip candle wax, brown Beamers to whip And jerk a bitch, known to hit ya, for taking pictures! Thirty two shots to split ya! It's all about the cash when I'm fuckin' wit' ya! John could make ya richer!  Fuck the Prince of Bel-Air! I'm known to sell heir, got game like a politician whose trying to add on, when it's not addition You need to revamp! The hottest nigga out the Refugee Camp! Run up on you B, and leave your seat damp! And sell stocks slow, sellin' high, by low From Madina up to Y.O. El Capitan John, micapo Get tore down, and that's the way it go down! The east is like the wild west without the showdown! Them niggas be like, "what now?!" Get cut down! From the gut down! Intense heh? And leave you shut down! You knocked out! Regardless, what round! WHAT NOW?!! [Dmx] Unghh!!! My nigga said it!! Niggas'll get it! That's the rule! I'm 'bout to break money off - a - li'l somethin', pass the food! Cuz when I'm drunk! I'm a different nigga! And all you gonna see is a spark, ain't no whiffin' nigga! I figure like this...It's just me against the world! Cuz all my fuckin' life, it's been the world against Earl! What you think I'm-a do...when my back's against the wall!!? Fuck it! get ROLLED! Roll 'til I fall! X'll Kill 'em all!!! That's what they say to me now! You vermon nigga! In a time where it's okay to be foul!! And you lovin' it! It's got John Blaze! Just duckin' it! And this track won't rest, unless X'll put the slug in it! But, would it fit?! Nah, don't even think like that! This is some shit that I could let go, and bring right back! It's like crack, if you cook it, overlook it, so I shook it!!! Like a pit, what you get, is what you wit' me so I took it! [Chorus 2x] [20 Grand Pikasoe - Verse Two] This track'll make me zone out! Run up in the party with the chrome out! Clear Jerome out, no doubt! Ice jingling, sons mingling, drugs we bring it in! Pikasoe baby! Gotta get this money baby! 50's and 100's baby! My whole crew be sonnin' you What you gonna talk about wit' a gun in front of you?! Niggas grimy wit' it, slimy wit' it! [Forte'] Put in the card baby, you gone Too many hard rappers live for cunan You knew John was too on Me and DMX, whether change your suit on Walk dogs, word to god bound to live large and get charged, WHAT!? [DMX] Unghh! Unghh! If you my dog, YOU CREEP WHEN I CREEP! EAT WHEN I EAT! SLEEP WHEN I SLEEP! For real, SHIT IS DEEP! And what you don't know, will kill you! From X, to Forte' niggas will feel you!! [Forte'] I'm roundin' mine more And very few can nine hold The kick's too strong, y'all niggas do songs, we live on! Dough to sit on!  I'm down to shit on! Watch y'all talkin' mothafuckas keep walkin' watch the dogs barkin'! [DMX] Ungh! Ungh! Ungh! I set the clock! Clip the glock! Hit the block! Rip the rock! In the sock! Get the knot! This shit is hot! Can't deny it, you mothafuckas since you know how it go, don't try it! [Chorus - 3x] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: King Phaze f/ DMX, Sheek Louch, Styles P Album: Yonkers Anthem 12" Song: Yonkers Anthem Typed by: dynamite9383@yahoo.com Uh, yeah Y-O King Phaze Yonkers {{echoed}} Let's get it [King Phaze]    I got full control, let's go rock and roll (Yeah) Three time felon no time to pose (Yeah) I'ma call my homies now it's time to roll By the time I get done, they caskets closed (Come On) And it won't take me ten years to be the next Hov (What) Mixed with Metallica, sick of amateurs  Rappin over guitars, like they could damage it This ain't the Jay-Z/Linkin Park Collision Course This the 80 car collision rock rap intercourse Styles P you been the boss, Phaze yo I been the kid (Wooo) Straight out of Yonkers, I conquered and did my thing (Y-O) Now I'ma turn the tables (Come On) I can now do Jimmy Iovine's record label Mentally I'm unstable, and I'm so capable Showin you what the razor do Now gimme $50 mil and a bank account Till then yo the guns and the shanks are out (Blaow) To rhyme wars on this track, sounds like a gangsta out (Come on) I hustle music like I'm running a crack house Roll over these rappers and motherfuckin bang em out [Chorus: 2x] Yonkers {{echoed}} Time's up so get low Aim high, wind up and let go Yonkers {{echoed}} Slugs fired, the guns blow You now rockin with the boys from Y-O [Styles P] This shit hot Phaze They ain't ready Shit hit like crack rock S. P. the ghost I do rap or black rock Lettin the mack pop, still on the back block Know that you're dead first second your hat drop (You're dead, yeah) Line 'em up, I annihilate 'em Hard like the white boys that listen to Iron Maiden (What up) Hoppin in the mosh pit, leavin with the iron blazin (I'm leavin) I'm the motherfuckin highest patient Ask Phaze that I can't be fazed (What up Phaze) It ain't a phaze, knock rocks while we blowin the haze It gets deeper when we come Got the devil on the guitar, the reaper on the drum (It's deep) And I'm a motherfuckin wild nigga (I'm wild) Son of Sam, or the forty-four coward killer So let me know when you ready (I'm ready) Me and Phaze comin through when the metal is heavy (Yeah)   [Sheek Louch] Yeah, wooo I'm tellin you, uh huh Aiyyo Phaze, talk to 'em, I got you Sheek Louch, D-Block Fishtail, it's Sheek the rock star like Van Halen Weed everywhere (uh huh) coke to the fuckin ceiling (Let's go) Bitches sniffin, neighbors riffin (It's ok) Smoke comin out the door when I light up my piffin Tommy Lee, nah this Donnie G (Sheek Louch) Don Gorilla, X, King Phaze and P (Let's Go) Blacked out Night Rider in the SRT One deep with the range it could fit all three (Let's go baby) I ain't seen a nigga hidin till I look in the mirror I'm an ol' skool baller like Yogi Berra Potato on the gun make it hard to hear 'em I run this shit I can't say it more clearer (Y-O) Bookbags, spray paint black marker (Hip-Hop) I'm tattooed up like Travis Barker Y'all funny muh'fuckers like Meet the Fockers (Ha ha) I throw the hoodie on, it gets darker, I tell 'em I'm from [Chorus: 2x] [DMX] Sky's the limit so I'm reachin for the stars (Uh) I'm tired of being the nigga that they keep behind bars (Uh) What's good? You got it? I'ma take yours (Yeah) I'm hood, fuck a gun I break jaws (What) Understood, there's nothing to bang for the cause (Uh) And I could cause you couldn't bang with the fours (Come on) Home of the brave nigga, take it to the grave nigga Beat to the streets (What) straight out the cave nigga (Wooo) Start off from School Street, aight let's roll (Come on) Goin up ahead, up Palisades, hit the hole (Bap) Y-O nigga, that's what I'm reppin (Yeah) Threw on the bullshit, keep on steppin (Yeah) Or you can keep dippin (Yeah) I dunno what y'all niggas heard but my niggas in Yonkers keep weapons (Weapons) Phaze 1, (What) S.P. and the dog And I'll rap this shit up and what, that's all Yonkers {{echoed}} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Limp Bizkit f/ DMX, Method Man, Redman, Swizz Beatz Album: Chocolate Starfish and the Hot Dog Flavored Water * Song: Rollin' (Urban Assault Vehicle) Typed by: obi1one@hotmail.com * also appears on "The Fast and the Furious" soundtrack [Fred Durst] Play the fuckin track! Play that fuckin track!! Oh there it is Limp Bizkit! DMX (what?) Redman (that's right y'all) Method Man We just keep on rollin baby Are you ready... Are you ready... Are you ready!!! [HOOK: Fred Durst] Move in now move out! Hands up, now hands down! Back up! Back up! Tell me what you gonna do now! Breathe in, now breathe out! Hands up, now hands down! Back up! Back up! Tell me what you gonna do now! [C'mon!] You keep rollin, rollin, rollin, rollin [Uh!] Keep rollin, rollin, rollin, rollin [What!] Keep rollin, rollin, rollin, rollin [Uh!] Keep rollin, rollin, rollin, rollin [Fred Durst] Now I know y'all be lovin this shit right here L-I-M-P, Bizkit is right here People in the house put them hands in the air Cause if you don't care, than we don't care See I, ain't givin a fuck, quit pressin your luck Untouchable, branded unfuckable So keep me in this cage, until you run that mouth Then I'ma have the plague, and break the fuck out And then we'll see who's left, after one round wit X And what am I bringin next? Just know it's Red and Meth So where the fuck you at punk? Shut the fuck up! And back the fuck up, while we fuck this track up! Are you ready... Are you ready... Are you ready!!! [HOOK] [Method Man] Oh what, y'all thought y'all wasn't gon' see me? Check my, dangerous slang atrocious When I let these nuts hang, focus, it's Wu Tang What the fuck's a Hootie and the Blowfish I wave my Black Flag at the roaches who approaches, these twin, supersoakers Who have poisonous darts for culprits Too late to get your blow gun un-holstered You're left buttered up and lightly toasted So what, I drink and smoke too much So what I cuss too much, shut the fuck up! [Redman] Yo, yo Now when we roll, you motherfuckers tuck in your gold Cause for the platinum, I'm jackin niggaz up in limos It ain't nothin, for bullets to unbutton your clothes Description, yellow male, tissue up in his nose You bitches, swing the vine on the babboon nuts I'm hairy as hell, outta hell and tattoed up I'm a dog only fuck in the bathroom, what? In high school, I dealt only with the classroom sluts [Method Man] My name is, Johnny, Donnie, Brasco Tuck the gat low, cut your cash flow Yell if you want money, funny A hungry dummy snatch crumbs from me Doc and Hot Niks, bodies in the mosh pit [Redman] Yo, and I'm the D.O., you lookin at the raw invented on Friday, I spit 35 to 40 minutes Smell up the bathroom like Craig paw was in it Endin up, on your back, Wu swords up in it Anyone can match me I crack 'em all to Guinness Fuck how many thugs players and ballers in it Brick City, Shaolin, better call us sinners Boys that'll run up in your wife, maul and spill it PPPPPPP P- P- POW! [AAAAAAAAAHH!] Yo he said c'mon!! [HOOK] [DMX] It just don't get no darker than that kid with the Parker Baldhead with the boots who shoots to make it spark Now I'm a fair nigga, but ain't nann nigga quicker than the hair-trigga, so if you dare nigga It'll be like your man tryin to hold yo' brain to yo' head But you'll be shittin on yourslef cause you, already dead And at the funeral you won't need a casket Leavin just enough of him to stuff in a basket A tisket a tasket, I really need my ass kicked My moms never let me forget, that I'm a bastard I ain't never been shit, and ain't gon' be shit That's why I take shit, whenever I see shit It's just that D shit, D's short for do what I wanna do And that's what I'm gonna do, right here in front of you And I'll be runnin you and your man straight up out While y'all niggaz ain't runnin a FUCKIN thing but yo' mouth [DMX bark] AAAAAAAAHHH!!! [HOOK] [Durst] You, wanna mess with Limp Bizkit [yeah] You can't mess with Limp Bizkit [why?] Because we get it on, [when?] every day and every night [oh] See this platinum thing right here? [uh huh] Well we doin it all the time [what?] So you better get some better beats And uh, get some better rhymes [oooh!] You really, really, really wanna get shit started Well people everywhere just get retarded Get retarded, get retarded, people everywhere just get retarded! [HOOK] That's right baby! Watch out punk! Limp Bizkit! DMX! Method Man! Redman! And Swizz Beatz! Where the fuck you at?! [DMX bark] Bump that shit! Bump that shit! Bump that shit! Bump that shit! Ruff Ryders! Punk! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: LL Cool J f/ Canibus, DMX, Method Man, Redman Album: Phenomenon Song: 4, 3, 2, 1 Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Redman] Hahh [Method] hah [Method] Yeah [Redman] yeahhh [LL Cool J]	Make it butter [Redman]	I'm gonna Bankhead bounce! [LL Cool J]	No doubt [Redman]	Aiyyo watch yo mouth! [Redman]	Aiyyo, one two three four five six seven 		Blaze the hot [LL Cool J]	trizack that sound like heaven 		Seven six five four three two one 		My mon Meth-Tical come and get some [Method Man] Playin my position, hot Nixon This one, for all the sick ones, confliction Posionous darts sickening, best believe finger itchin with two broke legs, now I'm trippin on MC's cliche, shot that ricochets start trouble bust bubbles, hip to wicked ways Gotta love me, G-O-D no one above me Look good but fuck ugly, tap your jaw from my Punch Buggy sunnin you Got you shittin in your last Huggie, runnin who? Fuckin punk, get a speed bump comin through A single shot make your knees knock, respect Wu [Redman] Aiyyo I put it on a nigga, shit it on a nigga Turnin Christian to a certified sinner The bomb I release, time pent up (explodes) While you got set up I was hittin your ex hoe Shit I kept low, petro' your metro Politic, keep the chickenheads gobblin Shit I'm drivin in, come with funk halogen Terrorize your city, from the spliff committee Kick ass till both Timberlands turn shitty Gritty, smack the driver's head in the chin see When I approach rappers be takin notes I drop like I shoulda invented the raincoat Absolut, I love to burn to the roots I keep comin til your pour sperm from your boots Vigilante hardcore to the penis Tell you fuck you my attitude is anemic [Canibus] I'm the illest nigga alive, watch me prove it I snatch your crown witcha head still attatched to it Canibus is the type who'll fight for mics Beatin niggaz to death and beatin dead niggaz to life When you look at me long enough, I start to read your thoughts if the signal was strong enough, and then I'll call your bluff like, "Yo, how many rhymes you got?" I think I'll go on for more Milleniums than Mazda's got on the car lot And there's nowhere to run ta, when I confront ya Nigga, I call your bluff like you had a phone number Who wanna see Canibus get wild, who wanna act fly and get shot down with a surface-to-air missile I take em on in all shapes sizes and forms and spit on anybody who ain't close enough to shit on Zero to sixty? I'm already doin a hundred when I'm blunted and I give it to any nigga that want it [DMX] Stay out the dark, cause if I catch you when the sun is down Run it clown, come up off that, or I'm gon' gun it down When in doubt, however skull goes, it's gon' be that See that, that shit'll finish you dawg, believe that Where we at, do your value your life, as much as your possesions? Don't be a stupid nigga, learn a lesson I'm gon' get you either way, and it's better to live Let me get what's between your sock, cause it's, better to give than receive, believe what I say when I tell you Don't make me put your somewhere where nobody'll smell you And when the lights is out, they don't come back on This ain't a flick you ain't gon' come back on, you ain't that strong You knew it was wrong, but you asked for it baby You'se a pink nigga, ski mask for it baby so I can hit you up on front teeth, you think I'm sweet? Want heat? One deep, leave him behind, front seat [Redman]	Aiyyo, one [Meth] two [Red] three [Meth] four 		[Red] five [Meth] six [Red] seven 		Blaze the hot trizack [Method]	Shine like heaven 		Seven [Red] six [Meth] five [Red] four 		[Meth] three [Red] two [Meth] one [Redman]	Come on Mr. Smith, come get some! [LL Cool J] When young sons fantasize of borrowing flows tell little shorty with the big mouth the bank is closed (yeah, word up) The symbol on my arm is off limits to challengers You hold the rusty swords I swing the Excalibur How dare you step up in my dimension Your little ass should be somewher cryin on detention Watch your mouth better yet hold your tongue I'ma do this shit for free this time this one's for fun Blow you to pieces, leave you covered in feces with one thesis ("LL Cool J is hard") Every little boy wanna pick up the mic and try to run with the big boys and live up to the real hype But that's like pickin up a ball, playin with Mike Swingin at Ken Griffey or challengin Roy to a fight Snappin, you ameteur MC's Don't you know I'm like the Dream Team tourin overseas For rappers in my circle I'm a deadly disease Ringmaster, bringin a tiger cub to his knees (uhh) In the history of rap they've never seen such prominence Your naive confidence gets crushed by my dominance (word up) Now let's get back to this mic on my arm If it ever left my side it'd transform into a time bomb You don't wanna borrow that, you wanna idolize And you don't wanna make me mad nigga you wanna socalize And I'm daring every MC in the game to play yourself out position, and mention my name I make a rhyme for every syllable in your name Go platinum for every time your grimy ass was on the train Watch your mouth don't ever step out of line LL Cool J nigga, greatest of all time The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: LL Cool J f/ Canibus, DMX, Master P, Method Man, Redman Album: Father 12" Song: 4, 3, 2, 1 (E-Dub Remix) Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash HUHHHHHH! [Erick Sermon] Def Jam, No Limits [Master P] No Limit [Erick Sermon] Def Squad [Redman] Wu-Tang, and beyond [Redman]	Aiyyo, one two three four five six seven 		Blaze the hot [LL Cool J]	trizack that sound like heaven 		Seven six five four three two one 		My mon Meth-Tical come and get some [Method Man] Playin my position, hot Nixon This one, for all the sick ones, confliction Posionous darts sickening, best believe finger itchin with two broke legs, now I'm trippin on MC's cliche, shot that ricochets start trouble bust bubbles, hip to wicked ways Gotta love me, G-O-D no one above me Look good but fuck ugly, tap your jaw from my Punch Buggy sunnin you Got you shittin in your last Huggie, runnin who? Fuckin punk, get a speed bump comin through A single shot make your knees knock, respect Wu [Redman] Aiyyo I put it on a nigga, shit it on a nigga Turnin Christian to a certified sinner The bomb I release, time pent up (explodes) While you got set up I was hittin your ex hoe Shit I kept low, petro' your metro Politic, keep the chickenheads gobblin Shit I'm drivin in, come with funk halogen Terrorize your city, from the spliff committee Kick ass till both Timberlands turn shitty Gritty, smack the driver's head in the chin see When I approach rappers be takin notes I drop like I shoulda invented the raincoat Absolut, I love to burn to the roots I keep comin til your pour sperm from your boots Vigilante hardcore to the penis Tell you fuck you my attitude is anemic [Canibus] I'm the illest nigga alive, watch me prove it I snatch your crown witcha head still attatched to it Canibus is the type who'll fight for mics Beatin niggaz to death and beatin dead niggaz to life When you look at me long enough, I start to read your thoughts if the signal was strong enough, and then I'll call your bluff like, "Yo, how many rhymes you got?" I think I'll go on for more Milleniums than Mazda's got on the car lot And there's nowhere to run ta, when I confront ya Nigga, I call your bluff like you had a phone number Who wanna see Canibus get wild, who wanna act fly and get shot down with a surface-to-air missile I take em on in all shapes sizes and forms and spit on anybody who ain't close enough to shit on Zero to sixty? I'm already doin a hundred when I'm blunted and I give it to any nigga that want it [DMX] Stay out the dark, cause if I catch you when the sun is down Run it clown, come up off that, or I'm gon' gun it down When in doubt, however skull goes, it's gon' be that See that, that shit'll finish you dawg, believe that Where we at, do your value your life, as much as your possesions? Don't be a stupid nigga, learn a lesson I'm gon' get you either way, and it's better to live Let me get what's between your sock, cause it's, better to give than receive, believe what I say when I tell you Don't make me put your somewhere where nobody'll smell you And when the lights is out, they don't come back on This ain't a flick you ain't gon' come back on, you ain't that strong You knew it was wrong, but you asked for it baby You'se a pink nigga, ski mask for it baby so I can hit you up on front teeth, you think I'm sweet? Want heat? One deep, leave him behind, front seat [Master P] Got my mic on, it's time to get rowdy Got homies from the N-O to the N-Y, Bout It Bout It I break bread with the ballers Professional killers, and shot callers I got game from the South to the West to the East to the middle now remember me A young nigga with the gold teeth bumpin Keep the crowd jumpin, gotta say something UNNNNNNNNNNNNGGGGHHH, now have a Coke and a smile The party don't stop but it get buckwild Pass the Hennessey and weed, just blaze one See a shorty, let's play one for the cookies you can't be a rookie I'm a No Limit Soldier, that's why they book me Master P rock bells, hell But I gotta give it up to my homey LL [Redman]	Aiyyo, one [Meth] two [Red] three [Meth] four 		[Red] five [Meth] six [Red] seven 		Blaze the hot trizack [Method]	Shine like heaven 		Seven [Red] six [Meth] five [Red] four 		[Meth] three [Red] two [Meth] one [Redman]	Come on Mr. Smith, come get some! [LL Cool J] When young sons fantasize of borrowing flows tell little shorty with the big mouth the bank is closed (yeah, word up) The symbol on my arm is off limits to challengers You hold the rusty swords I swing the Excalibur How dare you step up in my dimension Your little ass should be somewher cryin on detention Watch your mouth better yet hold your tongue I'ma do this shit for free this time this one's for fun Blow you to pieces, leave you covered in feces with one thesis ("LL Cool J is hard") Every little boy wanna pick up the mic and try to run with the big boys and live up to the real hype But that's like pickin up a ball, playin with Mike Swingin at Ken Griffey or challengin Roy to a fight Snappin, you ameteur MC's Don't you know I'm like the Dream Team tourin overseas For rappers in my circle I'm a deadly disease Ringmaster, bringin a tiger cub to his knees (uhh) In the history of rap they've never seen such prominence Your naive confidence gets crushed by my dominance (word up) Now let's get back to this mic on my arm If it ever left my side it'd transform into a time bomb You don't wanna borrow that, you wanna idolize And you don't wanna make me mad nigga you wanna socalize And I'm daring every MC in the game to play yourself out position, and mention my name I make a rhyme for every syllable in your name Go platinum for every time your grimy ass was on the train Watch your mouth don't ever step out of line LL Cool J nigga, greatest of all time The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: LL Cool J f/ DMX, Method Man, Redman Album: G.O.A.T. Song: Fuhgidabowdit Typed by: obi1one@hotmail.com [LL Cool J] Get the fuck out of here, I'm LL Cool Soakin wet with bad bitches in the indoor pool [Redman] Yo what am I, an animal? [LL] Cuz I bagged your's too One bad mooley, nigga you can't school me I'm the G.O.A.T., what I wrote cause fire and smoke Think I started on the choir singin solo for the pope Tell your mama please, get up off her knees You can't wear yellow spandex wit a ass like cottage cheese Open toed shoes, feet smell like collard greens Toes *Kriss Krossed* like she on J. Dupri's team Bunyon you're sittin up like beach balls in the sand plus A mouth full of rotten teeth with a dildo in her hand Who the fuck let you in, all my assistants are fired Now I'm lookin for some washed up rapper that I can hire You know some old school nigga wit a bit of attitude Pay him $1500 to fuck a girl in an interlude You say I'm souped up, well, soup is good food So what I scratch my nuts, how the fuck is that rude For so glowin, afro pickin S-curl hatin, Jamaican rum sippin [Method Man] Kid I'll burp on your girl buttcheeks [LL] Cuz honey had my nuts like two red beets I'm bananas, out of my fuckin mind they won't let me back in Cuz I was down before the hype like Dusty Rhodes and Bob Backlund Bruno Samartino, Stan Staziak Now The Rock and Stone Cold are my favorite maniacs The top rooster pluckin, chickens when I'm cluckin WWF stands for When and Where we Fuckin Fuhgidabowdit Yo kid Fuhgidabowdit Fuhgidabowdit Yo, Fuhgidabowdit Yo, ey, Fuhgidabowdit Ey, ey, Fuhgidabowdit Eh, Fuhgidabowdit [Redman] Yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo I'm like Menace II Society I roll through the drive thru like Kane Jack you for the cheeseburgers and chicken wings, and Daytons too See my boys down the ride crack patience too Bricks, walk around, snorkel down Maccaroni and cheese Timbs broke out the orphan house Transportin out, the poison in 'em Box 'em up in the aisle with the frozen dinners [Method Man] And them niggas that ran... [Redman] My goal's to get 'em With the heat seekin flow wit, fo' antennas Doc's Da Name, that's why y'all fuck wit me I'm pocket change, the bums don't fuck with D Objective in 'em, Carlo inspection sticka Check the pen, I write like a X was in 'em Teeth grittin, I brawl wit a major league mitten [Meth] Where the stash at, punk [Red] Yo, yo, and he takin me wit him Fuhgidabowdit Yo, Fuhgidabowdit Ayo nigga, Fuhgidabowdit Yo, yo, yo, Fuhgidabowdit Yo dog, Fuhgidabowdit Yo you heard, Fuhgidabowdit Ayo you hear me, Fuhgidabowdit Yo nigga, Fuhgidabowdit [Method Man] Yo, this be a Cool J function, music get my blood pumpin Down for whatever, which usually means I'm up to somethin Who owe me somethin, them niggas in the back frontin They rockin cuffs and, put the eight up, rappercussion You know my name, so there's no need for introduction I'm Mr. Done it all, so none of y'all can do me nothing Bitch I'm grown, puffin on that one and bone Bet me and Queen Bee be swingin til the honey come Backs get blown, trash get thrown In headlocks, from this view, I'm fuckin Star Jones I'm red hot just like candy, in '95 won the Grammy [Redman] Yo, he use it as an ashtray now [Method] Niggas can't stand or understand me, yeah Either or, funky headhunter wild comanchees wit shitty draws What's that shit, what shit, that shit on your lip I can't smoke wit ya kid, but I'll save ya the clip... Fuhgidabowdit Ayo nigga, Fuhgidabowdit Yo, what the fuck, Fuhgidabowdit Yo, Fuhgidabowdit Uh, Fuhgidabowdit [DMX growl] Ayo dog, Fuhgidabowdit [DMX growl] Bitches can't stand me, Fuhgidabowdit [DMX growl] Still pullin down her panties, Fuhgidabowdit [DMX] The shit I see every day brings tears to my eyes How I holla at my niggas brings ears to my cries Stick niggas for not knowin, then teach 'em somethin Bitch niggas talkin bout you from the streets you frontin I never liked you, and you, I don't know So what the fuck you think is 'sposed to happen, we gon go Mono on mono, whatever nigga, I'm gon dust you If you can't take that ass whoopin, I'm gon' bust you Talkin to you like a lil nigga cuz you is But don't forget that daddy's gonna always love his kids Faggot niggas got the nerve to wan' know why I rob You guys are livin phat while everybody else'll starve! That pretty shit is lame, fuck what your name hold Break a nigga off somethin, watch a nigga gain fo' Now you layin somewhere cold, stiff as shit And all that riffin shit, mens will get you hit, bitch Fuhgidabowdit The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ludacris f/ DMX Album: The Red Light District Song: Put Your Money Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash {*dice rolling*} [DMX] Grrrrrrrr.. [Chorus 2X: Ludacris] + (DMX) Bet a hundred (bet a hundred) bet a thousand (BET A STACK) Bet a million (put yo' money where yo' mouth is) Bet a hundred (bet a hundred) bet a thousand (BET A STACK) Bet a million (put yo' money where yo' mouth is) [Ludacris] Let it rush through your veins, cause I'ma be the one to step up and put a hundred thousand dollars on the game Got a pocket full of change and they C-note stacks Bustin dominoes, spades, cee-lo, craps We shootin pool at the Luda-plex; I slap a hundred on the table just to see if any fools wanna do it next I got games galore, I got game for sure And when I win I spit game to whores (yep) Or double it back, I'll double the stacks Throw a dub, a big face or double the stack (boy) And we can 'bout anything that you wanna do But come up short and OH THE THANGS that the gun'll do Throw in the towel cause I'm makin 'em sweat Or put your house on the line and I can cover the bet So hurry up and come get some, if you want some You know the phrase - scared money don't make none! [Ludacris] Throw some money on the books, cause I know how to call 'em Somebody tell my fam I got a gamblin problem I don't know when to STOP, maybe when somebody's drug away by the COPS, or when I'm blowin steam Countin green in the DROP, because whether legal or illegal all my people bring the strength to the block Yessir, I thought you knew it, we loco We'll bet on anything, just to see if anybody's gon' do it It's people livin they LIFE comin up off change And hustlers payin they bills comin up off games Whether it's Madden or it's Live, tell 'em pick up the sticks They call me Mr. Put-Down-Two-And-Pick-Up-Six Then walk away with a clean slate; catch me out in A.C. Callin yo' bluff with Puff eatin cheesecake So all my ramblers, runners and money scramblers Put your drinks up to all compulsive gamblers [Ludacris] I'm up in Vegas with a stack of black chips Breakin the whole casino and doin backflips, man Cameras eyein us, sidebetters tryin us The more chips we stack, the more drinks they buyin us Tryin to get me off my grind, but it won't work Cause I can drink a fifth of gin and it don't hurt I'm still breakin 'em, and dice still shakin 'em I'll step in any place, just ask X what I say to 'em [Chorus] - 2X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Lox f/ DMX, Lil' Kim Album: Money, Power & Respect Song: Money, Power & Respect Typed by: jannunz@netaxis.com (Lil Kim) See I believe in money, power, and respect. First You get the money. Then you get the muthafuckin, power. After you get the fuckin' power muthafuckas will respect you. (Chorus [Lil Kim]) It's the key to life. Money, power, and respect. Whatchu' need in life. Money, power, and respect. When you eatin' right. Money, power, and respect. Help you sleep at night. You'll see the light. It's the key to life. Money, power, and respect. Whatchu' need in life. Money, power, and respect. When you eatin' right. Money, power, and respect. Money, power, and respect. Money, power, and respect. (Sheek Louchion) Ayo my whole clique bout it, bout it. We take yours while you pout about it. Truck, step out the whore's wanna' crowd around it. You could see me on optimum TV. Go in your bathroom turn the light out. Scream! Bloody Mary, 1, 2, 3.  Sheek ain't your usual friend. About to setchu' up like Kaiser and walk straight at the end. I'm done wit' ice and charms. I'm tryin' my whole casket when I'm gone. Pull up wit' class on the don'. Once I meet em' I greet em'. Kiss his feet for freedom. Tell em' thank you lord. Cuz on Earth I was gettin' bored. Now resurrect me back to this cat called Sheek. So I can make this album. And get back the cats that's weak. Two thirty, six two. Me bust for you that's like a cat vs. a pitbull. Gun, know clip full, keep hunger. And plan for the future, cuz you figure you gon' be older way longer than you gon' be younger. (Chorus [Lil Kim]) It's the key to life. Money, power, and respect. Whatchu' need in life. Money, power, and respect. When you eatin' right. Money, power, and respect. Help you sleep at night. You'll see the light. It's the key to life. Money, power, and respect. Whatchu' need in life. Money, power, and respect. When you eatin' right. Money, power, and respect. Money, power, and respect. Money, power, and respect. It's the key to life. (Styles) Only time could tell how the clock ticks. I'm really loved here but I'm still a hostage. Two personalities check the posture. Smoke out the mouth clear out the nostrils. You think of death but the life seem scary. I'm past the graveyard seein' people Hail Mary I ain't chillin til' I'm out parachutin'. Race my man in mountain climbin' for about ten diamonds. Twenty five thousand a piece. Fuck streets! Tryin' to own the island. Forget about wilin'. Try ridin' in the car that be glidin'. If I showed you where I lived you would think I was hidin'. Sling dick to chicks that don't speak English. Wake up in Trinidad, like fuckin' em rich. Come back. Private jet live on set. If you could shit gold like you split the decks. (Chorus [Lil Kim]) It's the key to life. Money, power, and respect. Whatchu' need in life. Money, power, and respect. When you eatin' right. Money, power, and respect. Help you sleep at night. You'll see the light. It's the key to life. Money, power, and respect. Whatchu' need in life. Money, power, and respect. When you eatin' right. Money, power, and respect. Money, power, and respect. Money, power, and respect. (Jada Kiss) Yo nutin' but the hotness. Whenever we drop this. Monotonous for ya'll to keep hatin', cuz ya'll never gon' stop us. I keep my rocks spotless, and my hoes topless. Take time try to figure out who da Lox is. Fear no one. Kick rhymes like Shoguns. You scared to blow one. Get robbed wit' your own gun. If I don't respect you I'm ah check you. And if I don't kiss you I'm a peck you, right before I wet' chu. I sneeze on tracks an' bless you. I'm special.  And if you like workin' out, then I'm gon' stretch you. Husslin' is dead but we still get red. Turn the spots in the bakeries to get back bread. And ya'll said my monies spent. But it's in the Bent'. So when the feds come the dogs can't get a scent. For my story, self-explanatory  that I'm the hottest thing on the street. An' yall ain't got nutin' for me (Chorus [Lil Kim]) It's the key to life. Money, power, and respect. Whatchu' need in life. Money, power, and respect. When you eatin' right. Money, power, and respect. Help you sleep at night. You'll see the light. It's the key to life. Money, power, and respect. Whatchu' need in life. Money, power, and respect. When you eatin' right. Money, power, and respect. Money, power, and respect. Money, power, and respect. (DMX) Arf, arf. This is a beat that I can freak to just drop the reals. Plus a nigga wit' the ill. Ya'll niggas know my skills. Ass from the grills get em' up, split em' up, wet em' up. And watch em' come get em' up, Set em' up. When you do dirt, you get dirt. Bitch, I'll make your shit hurt. Step back like I did worse. This ain't no fucking game. You think I'm playin, till you layin. To where? The junkyard decayin'. Mom's at home prayin' that chu comin' home. But chu not, cuz you sittin up in the trunk startin to rot. And hell is hot, I know because I'm here now Baby. It's goin' down baby. Git the full pound baby. And let off up in a nigga, especially if he think he bigga' than my muthafuckin' trigga'. Did I? Can I get my? Is it gone? DMX represent for one time. It's on. (Chorus [Lil Kim]) It's the key to life. Money, power, and respect. Whatchu' need in life. Money, power, and respect. When you eatin' right. Money, power, and respect. Help you sleep at night. You'll see the light. It's the key to life. Money, power, and respect. Whatchu' need in life. Money, power, and respect. When you eatin' right. Money, power, and respect. Money, power, and respect. Money, power, and respect. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mase f/ Black Rob, DMX, The Lox, Puff Daddy Album: Harlem World Song: 24 Hours To Live Typed by: jannunz@netaxis.com [Puff Daddy] I want you to ask yourself one question If you had twenty four hours to live, what would you do?  That's some deep shit right there, a lot of pressure How would you handle it? Mase, what would you do? [Mase] Yo, I'd turn out all the hoes that's heterosexual Smack conceited niggas right off the pedestal I'd even look for my dad that I never knew And show him how I look in my Beretta, too I'd do good shit like take kids from the ghetto Show them what they could have if they never settle Take every white kid from high class level Show 'em what Christmas like growin' up in the ghetto Teach niggas how to spend, stack the rest Give blunts to the niggas under massive stress Give every bum on the street cash to invest And hope Harlem will blow up be my last request [Jadakiss] Yo, yo if I had twenty four hours to kick the bucket, fuck it I'd probably eat some fried chicken and drink a Nantucket Then go get a jar from Branson And make sure I leave my mother the money to take care of grandson Load the three power, hop in the Eddie Bauer And go give all six to that papi that sold me flour Get a fresh baldy, make a few calls Shop at the mall, shoot a lil' ball Have all of my bitches on one telly at the same time Spread it out on different floors And I'm gon' play lotto, for what? Even though I ain't gon' be here tomorrow, so what [Black Rob] You know when I was close to the ledge I'd probably be in the wedge With this bare spanish mami playin' 'tween my legs Then I'm off to get choke and smoke one a them dreads And get that bitch from '89 that gave us up to the feds Thought of momma, wrote her a note, we ain't close I hate her boyfriend so I put one in his throat Fuck around and sniff an ounce of raw, bust the four Fours, pull out my dick and take a piss on the floor Jump in the whip, git them cats I wanted to git Since the Tavern on the Green robbery in eighty-six Went home took a shower in nice cold water And spent my last hours wit my son and my daughter 1 - 	If you had twenty four hours to live just think 	Where would you go? 	What would you do? 	Who would you screw? 	And who would you wanna notify? 	Or would yo' ass deny that yo' ass about to die? 	If you had twenty four hours to live just think 	Where would you go? 	What would you do? 	Who would you screw? 	And who would you wanna notify? 	Or would yo' ass deny that yo' ass about to die? [Sheek] What hey yo, if I had twenty four nigga gotta get the raw Run all them papi's spot, put one in his head at the door For the times that I paid for twenty an he gave me twelve The other eight had to be baking soda by itself So papi fuck you, you dead now, I'm off to the bank With those bricks in a bookbag and a stolen Jag I just grabbed Went in there grabbed the bank teller wit the pretty face Fuck her in the safe, and have her take me to my place We'll make a kid but that's selfish and that'll be bad For my son to have the same shit his pops just had And when I'm down to twenty three, I'm a be strapped wit TNT Run up in city hall and take the judges wit me [Styles] If I had twenty four hours to live, I'd probably die on the fifth Run in the station squeezin the inf' I'll be waitin' to get to hell and bust down Satan Styles' on this shit and I got spot vacant Back to the twenty four I make it out the precinct Shootin niggas that I hate in they face while they eatin' I'm on the job robbin' every so-called Don Give the money to my moms and tell her that I'm gone I would school my little brother that niggas mean him harm He should learn to tell the future without readin' palms When they come in with the bullets, you prepared with the bomb So fuck bein' violent get stocks and bonds [DMX] Twenty four left until my death So I'm gon' waste alot of lives, but I'll cherish every breath I know exactly where I'm goin', but I'mma send you there first And with the shit that I'll be doin', I'mma send you there worse I've been livin' with a curse, and now it's all about to end But before I go, say hello to my little friend But I gots to make it right, reconcile with my mother Try to explain to my son, tell my girl I love her C-4 up under the coat, snatch up my dog Turn like three buildings on Wall Street, into a fog Out with a bang, you will remember my name I wanted to live forever, but this wasn't fame Repeat 1 until fade The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mase f/ DMX Album: Harlem World Song: Take What's Yours Typed by: jannunz@netaxis.com [Mase]  Yo, I be that young fly fellow, got thorough  Down for denaro, hit everything in the Triburo  And I'm the newest member of the Bad Boy team  And I'mma bring this nigga Puff mad more C.R.E.A.M.  With hooks galore, leave this city shook for short  And I'mma take 'em back where Biggie took 'em before  You stay a playa'  Since you can't stay up with the Pope And stick to what you do best, stick to wearin' coke  You lookin' for excuses, ways to say you're broke  Can't keep a whip, cuz you can't pay the note  Fuck the side, I'm waiting for you on top, Mercedes drop  Black 380's cops, 'till the day I get knocked  All I ask when I die, dress me fly and neatly  And brush my waves so I'm handsome when the bitches greet me  Word from the wise, niggas jerk pies, we hurt them guys  Bust lead, to skin they head and leave them circumcised  So how you wanna settle this?  Rappin' or on some ghetto shit  We can do it yo way, with mics or with metal shit  1 - 	[DMX]  	Niggas wanna shout, I'mma make noise  	Niggas run they mouth, I'mma break jaws  	Mase is comin' out, we gon' take yours  	Harlem World uptown baby, we make wars  	Niggas wanna shout, I'mma make noise  	Niggas run they mouth, I'mma break jaws  	Mase is comin' out, we gon' take yours  	Harlem World uptown baby, we make wars  [Mase]  Yo, yo before it's all over, lot of blood gon' be spilled  We ain't discriminatin' even thugs gon' be killed  We early inheritors , born into C.R.E.A.M  If a nigga' get sheist then we form as a team  Bullshit if you want and it be on for this C.R.E.A.M.  The weatherman don't even know the storm I'mma bring  But yo, I'm not the man with whom you interact  So before you grab gatts to jack, remember that  You take dough from Mase, you might as well send it back  I got thugs everywhere, where you going spending that  When clicks come to brawl, everything I hit fall  Niggas play sick wid y'all, wit me they ain't sick at all  No matter how big or small, I get rid of ya'll  And shit I spit at y'all, come in one size fit all  Repeat 1 [Mase]  Yo, yo if you think I'm on some sweet shit  Then won't you creep quick, I let the heat spit  Make a nigga "G" flick, classic criminal  Keep a gatt by my genitals, thugs love me  So don't get splashed for the minimal  We never vest up, be in a double breast tux  Plus keep a fresh cut, picture me getting lefts stuff I let one lose, to show you I ain't the one do  And I ain't puffin' nuthin', make all my gun shoot  You let your gun loose, none o' 'em niggas gun proof  Watch them niggas drop, when I pop one in they sunroof  And we be lead bustin', leavin' niggas head gushin'  You niggas talkin' 'bout guns like you said something I'll be lacin' 'em, hollow tips, I be wastin' 'em  That's what you faggots get, tryin' to fuck with Mase and 'em  Bad Boy, '97, front, there'll be none o' that  And all you cats, running your trap, one in your cap  Repeat 1 until fade Artist: MGK (Machine Gun Kelly) f/ DMX Album: Lace Up Song: D3MONS Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  (Grrrrrrrrr...) [Intro: MGK] I swear that I can feel 'em fuckin with me {*echoes*} I swear that I can feel 'em fuckin with me {*echoes*} Every night I feel 'em fuckin with me {*echoes*} [MGK] I wake up screamin in my sleep e'ry fuckin night Open up my eyes to cold sweat, bloody clothes from my nose, yugh! Nothin nice Father I've killed a man, but I had to do it Only thing is he is me (damn) how the fuck you couldn't get me through this? My skin is bluish, voices in my head sayin "Don't be stupid All you have is in that bag, you better use it!" Cut it, snuff it, puff it, shoot it Only one I trust now is myself, these motherfuckers Judas Gun in my pillow cause all I feel is this paranoia Holes in my wall from all them nights that I was feelin for him The devil's here {*BLAM*} but I'm still awake {*BLAM*} Then I broke a mirror (why?) cause I seen his face Even my bitch corrupted, I fucked her pussy 'til it's bloody Took it out and then she sucked it, told me that she loved it (bitch) Everything is black, I think I am deceased I am a ghost without the bed sheets (boo!) X speak [DMX] If a beast is what I gotta be (GRRRRR) then so be it (WHAT!) Fuck it, if I gotta live it, then y'all gon' see it (C'MON!) Eat it, shit it, live it, it's in my blood (uhh) That's why I get down like what (uhh) from the dirt to the mud (uhh) You fucked up thinkin shit was sweet, but shit in the street (uh-huh) Make you spit the heat to the back of his head, make you spit teeth (WHAT!) Leave his loved ones grief And I don't wanna have to be the one that tell you shit deep But man, shit deep! [Chorus: MGK] + (DMX) I swear that I can feel 'em fuckin with me (Grr, grr, grr, grrrrr, WHY?!) Every night I feel 'em fuckin with me (Grr, grr, grr, grrrrr, WHY?!) Please God tell these demons stop fuckin with me (Grr, grr, grr, grrrrr, WHY?!) Every Goddamn night I feel 'em fuckin with me (Grr, grr, grr, grrrrr, WHY?!) Please God [DMX] The streets is still the same Ain't right if a nigga can't still feel the pain (what!) But still kill the game, still keep real and aim, I get down one way We could keep it that one way or, take it to gun play Let a nigga know, if we gon' walk this dog Or if we ain't gon' talk at all (c'mon!) Make a nigga have to, talk with the four, that's the only language you know There you go, pop-pop-pop! Now there you go And I hate that I can see snakes clearly (WHY?) They don't even try to hide, it's like they be tryin to get near me (C'MON!) Most of y'all don't hear me, it's like I'm talkin to myself Y'all niggaz so dumb you got me feelin like I'm, talkin for my health Ain't like I'm talkin for the wealth, cause there ain't no money in the truth Shit I live this shit for real, y'all make it up in the booth! 'Til a nigga lose his tooth, over some shit he didn't plan on Wasn't prepared for, really couldn't stand on (what!) [MGK] Fuck it, turn the cam on, tie his feet and his hands up and watch him, I'll be back up with that heat to get his tan on Now that's for fuckin with me {*BLAM*} and that's for my dawg This because where you goin you not gon' need that arm The streets is talkin (uh-oh) here they come Thirsty for that blood - redrum, redrum Do you know how it feels, to be so mad you would kill? Or to be so trapped when you scream your throat cuts like jagged pills? And whenever you close your eyes everything inside you dies And all the highs, crimes and lies come alive motherfucker The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mic Geronimo f/ Ja Rule, Jay-Z and DMX Album: The Natural Song: Time to Build Typed by: i3omb1st@aol.com It's Time, it's time, it's time, it's time This is time to build, it's time to build It's time to build, it's time to build It's time to build, this is time to build Verse 1: Mic Geronimo I format my mind for combat In fact I put a hole up in your back on the song like that Rollin thick with my people ain't no room to breathe Surrounded by murderous felons, drinks and bags of weed I swing at ya and get fly with the M-I I'm automatic trample in your static with the semi So when I squeeze I'm off in the breeze with these Licking shots at them whack MC's With no direction, I rhyme with perfection skills Drug a nigga like a pill when it's time to build Keep it real, get your head rocked when I wreck shop I bigger with my style ain't a bully on your fuckin block Word is bond I go on  I'm breaking MC's with vocal tones over real rap songs Insane in the brain nothing left to gain Grab the mic up with skill when it's time to build, Mother Fuckers Chorus: This is time to build, it's time to build It's time to build, it's time to build It's time to build, this is time to build Verse 2: Ja Rule Niggas increase the pain when they shout my name Horrified by the thought of hot slugs and graves Cause Ja is a sinister character loading that 44 caliber Infrared aimed at your jugular Who the fuck are you? Nobody cares You just be another nigga that needs repairs Talking to all them niggas shitting  And all them faggots that be steady bitching, inside their insides twitching Sod sill delivering, DOA push a nine to your mind and commence the spray No bullshit, Natural's the king of left Scared of life but wanna play the game of death What's next? Niggas wearing padded kotex Pussy ass MC's get treated like rough sex I'm possessed you can't feel what I feeler Be easy on the cut, uh, uh, uh Chorus: This is time to build, it's time to build It's time to build, it's time to build It's time to build, this is time to build Verse 3: Jay-Z Yeah, fresh on the scene-a with the fucking next niggas demeanor You know my work I bless and press more skirts then the cleaners I'm damn relaxed cause you cats can't stress the G Ain't a enough jump in 'em to make you high enough to test me Gone, niggas is moist like Duncan Hienz Choice when I'm voicing my poise I got poison lines  So flame on I turn my game on the expert Niggas get chills when you hear my name on the network Fuck what you niggas kickin on the mic You chicken like you don't know what an ass whippin feels like I'm living flashbacks, I blaze niggas split like ass-cracks It's the J to the A, smoother than jazz tracks, yeah So when I'm browsing through your housing projects Niggas get 5,000 shit is rough Time to close I hit you with 16 of those Next time maybe more, but who the fuck knows? Chorus: This is time to build, it's time to build It's time to build, it's time to build It's time to build, this is time to build Verse 4: DMX Check it out yo, Check it out yo, Check it out yo, Check it out yo I'm peeling niggas caps like oranges Hit 'em in the head with 2 by 4 inches I'm a grimy nigga so I like my bitches cruddy My clothes dirty, dick shitty, and my knife bloody I did too much dirt to turn back now I'm the reason my lil' sister smoking crack now I'd feel guilty if I had a heart but I don't To live a carefree life if I stop killing but I won't It's in my blood to destroy man kind With every murder I lose it little more of my damn mind And I ain't got much left to lose nigga ,so don't snooze nigga  I'm telling yous nigga, just pay your dues nigga Respect my mother fucking style of rap Murder your mic and your unborn child This ain't wild just how niggas living on the street A little something that cant be beat Chorus: It's Time, it's time, it's time, it's time This is time to build, it's time to build It's time to build, it's time to build It's time to build, this is time to build Mic Geronimo: Recognize, understand, recognize, understand Recognize, understand, recognize, understand This is time to build This is time to build This is time to build The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mic Geronimo f/ DMX, Ja Rule, The Lox, Tragedy Khadafi Album: Vendetta Song: Usual Suspects Typed by: jostmatt@bluewin.ch Yeah (Grrr...) Introducin the suspects DMX (Grrr...) Ja Rule LOX Khadafi (Grrr...) Mic Geronimo (My niggas...) [ VERSE 1: DMX ] What's all the noise about, have some respect, shut the fuck up Drive-by, money talkin shit, yo, back the truck up Y'all niggas don't respect me but you fear me And fear is better than respect, y'all niggas hear me If I smack the shit out this nigga, his man over here be like, "Yo What nigga, what," but his man is like "Psych, yo" Can get from one extreme to the next And my shit always bounce like DM to the X I can bring it from up here: "Enough is enough!" Down to: "Aight, I think it's safe to take off the cuffs" Play with words, blurs and slurs, flip styles Take his and hers, niggas is cursed, I get wild So don't make me angry, you won't like me when I'm angry I met a lot of enemies and they all like to thank me Catch me when I'm sleepin with one eyed closed One guy chose to doze, left one guy froze filled with hoes [ VERSE 2: Ja Rule ] It ought to be a long time before they touch this here It's Gotti's consigliere, let's take it there, make a mill a year Push Bentleys, ice drippin off the jewels daily Ja the one, what, y'all don't hear me? Nigga, y'all remember, CMC 95 December Fine women, illegal tender, such is life When I feel like I ain't to be held, who can hold me? Hoes try to console me, rec execs wanna own me Damn if I die slowly, drugged out, broke and lonely Like so many who pushed roadie before me Ja hit em precisely, God just don't make too many like me Inadvertenly shittin on the top 20 Y'all niggas kill me, talkin like y'all can't be touched See, by the time y'all realize I be done touched you up Blazed you up, your whole style chump, nigga, what Think again if you thought if I thought I give a fuck [ VERSE 3: Jadakiss & Styles ] Yo, it's pitiful, everything's political But I got more rounds now, so all y'all can get a few You know the shit that we be on, the three on 'Must be the money' like Deion that we see on Players, you pop shit, I rather pop shells Twist l's, blow chats with the rap cartels Nigga, one nation under gutter (aha) LOX style (yeah) I bring it to your mother Christ, you get iced if you fuck with my brother You know who run New York, so bump the undercovers Yeah, it's a family affair, you find it rare My niggas stick together and none of us care We ain't got time for cages, doin ages Thinkin of my crew holdin my two razors Lockin in, lockin out, I play the block Poppin up, poppin out, I like to shout I get the finest clothes, top of the line guns Honeys sellin crack, put this pack on your son It ain't my fault I want a vault full of money This shit is dead real, I seen a nigga shoot a honey Now who's to blame when you bleed, ain't no answer If it ain't a bullet, then I'ma die from cancer Puff out till my lungs is gone And nigga, it's a war till the guns is gone [ VERSE 4: Tragedy Khadafi ] Yeah... yo Giuliani showed me to hell's another level Blessed by Allah, possessed by the devil Born in this crime I was sworn to do Slayin you fake thugs that's performin too I'ma bleed 25 till my dying day Sprayin a AK till this world decay If the feds wanna stay, we gon' make them pay Cursin they whole life till they old and grey In the name of the Father and the Holy Spirit Will they murder me in hell, crucify my lyrics? Only time ever tells and I know that you feel it All my niggas in the cell, yo, I'm with you in spirit Nothin nice 'bout a nigga when he doin his bids Comin home to the next man raisin your kids To my thugs in the Bridge, hold your head Cause niggas is gon' feel it till they cold and dead [ VERSE 5: Mic Geronimo ] Runnin with five niggas, criminal disguised niggas The live niggas, pull a mac, what, surprise niggas Holdin my mic stiletto-like Invitin these waterhead niggas to get splashed back and take it light Slided back when we're 16 my mellow my brother Told me lay it back, aced back and play it mellow Seein how I'm a young Othello Don't confuse me with them brothers who lost playin black De Niro A boss with this, gettin tossed with Cris The gorgeous shit, we ballin flawlessly  Whatever y'all brothers try, but never to touch me The god, heated up beyond the frequency Now it's time to put you niggas under pressure, we form Here I am, if it's on then it's on If the world was yours, could you keep it from a nigga like me? Hold your head, we about to see... Muthafucka Yeah Usual Suspects Never suspect niggas Yeah What y'all thought I was gone Never that It's Vendetta Y'all'll see The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jerzee Monet f/ DMX Album: Love and War Song: Most High (Remix) Typed by: da_remix_man005@yahoo.com * * send corrections to the typist Yo if you don't know what the world means to me Things change and rearrange Friends aren't friends anymore People go behind your back to score on anything Will we ever have peace Someone tell me please You know you will see on the block Kids playin hearin gunshots Never phased by the crimes that they witness Follow me and come and see how it got this way Young mama right there Don't be cussin at your kids right there Put the right foundation right here (teach respect) So they can be Most high (most high) Most high (most high) Most high (most high) Like an angel in the sky Most high Most high Most high Like an angel in the sky Brother why you act that way (why you actin that way) Call your girl woman not her name Bringin kids in the world unclaimed You should know that don't make you a man at all (not at all) Young father out there (listen up) Don't abandon your seed out there (show we care) Let's get one thing clear (for real) Family should be Most high (held high) Most high Most high Like an angel in the sky Most high (it's the most) Most high Most high Like an angel in the sky It doesn't matter where you are You're still a shining star (for real) It doesn't matter where you're from (it doesn't matter where you're from) Let's give love to everyone (start showin more love) Hustlers put down your guns (put em down) Self-respect is the best weapon Spread love show your real value Set a true example by starting with you See them kids right there Don't be shootin round them kids right there Gotta show there is hope out here Train yourself you can be most high [DMX] I only walk in the dirt, but my steps are guided And not matter how dark my path gets, I light it I ain't never been ashamed of the pain, cant hide it Yet da road was rough but I decided to ride it Step carefully, wit half of me walk wrecklessly That's just an x n me, cats getted popped like ecstasy Yo money jus sounds just like you, oh you jus an extra me Give or let me fly or gimme death Words that I try 2 say with my last breath And if my last breath aint long, I thank the lord for my life That way my last breath aint wrong You not keepin money with the hood right there You dont really wanna go right there You gonna get left right there You be takin your last breathe right there The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Monica f/ DMX Album: After the Storm Song: Don't Gotta Go Home Typed by: d_salyne@hotmail.com [DMX] Ain't no sense whining about it now I mean we knew what it was when we became apart of it, feel me [Monica] Yeah [DMX] It's Like [Monica] There's something on your mind, I can see right through you I know your girl been treating you wrong But she aint no good for you, why do u hold it inside Boy you should let me know, I just want to make you right Be the one you could cry on [DMX] Baby, its like Baby, it's like I love my wife We going through things and I aint going home tonight You got time for a nigga or is he still with you Wanna meet at the same spot or should I come get you I'll be there in 10, be in the front I been getting what I need so imma give you what you want One on one cuz you know how to talk to dog You walk the dog and understand that New York is hard [Monica]DMX) You aint gotta go home tonight You can stay right here with me (I aint goin nowhere when you wake up I'm gonna be right there) Don't you worry bout a thing (I ain't worried about shit) You're here with me (Look It's like I love my wife We going through things and I aint going home tonight alright) [Monica] It's kinda strange when you call she is never home Now your there all alone and you deserve so much more Baby, I can treat you better than she can It doesn't make sense to keep on loving and keep on trusting When in return all you get is nothing [DMX] Damn, you got me fucked up and im feeling it more Never had a mistress distressed before Come on ma, like it aint that deep Like there aint no love there like I don't hate that I gotta creep We go to sleep in each others arms And I feel like this is where I belong And if loving you is right then I aint wrong This is the same ol' song, wife and fam Gotta be a father and husband but I am still ya man Baby [Monica]DMX) You aint gotta go home tonight You can stay right here with me (I aint goin nowhere when you wake up I'm gonna be right there) Don't you worry bout a thing (I ain't worried about shit) You're here with me (Look It's like I love my wife We going through things and I aint going home tonight alright) [Monica]DMX) This situation is getting critical (uh huh!) I watch so many tears fall (uh huh!) I know she not what you want So why do u keep holding on When im right here (What!) All you need to do is call (What!) Don't be afraid cuz she wont know it [Monica]DMX) You aint gotta go home tonight You can stay right here with me (I aint goin nowhere when you wake up I'm gonna be right there) Don't you worry bout a thing (I ain't worried about shit) You're here with me (Look It's like I love my wife We going through things and I aint going home tonight alright) [Monica]DMX) You aint gotta go home tonight You can stay right here with me (I aint goin nowhere when you wake up I'm gonna be right there) Don't you worry bout a thing (I ain't worried about shit) You're here with me (Look It's like I love my wife We going through things and I aint going home tonight alright) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Murderers f/ DMX Album: Irv Gotti Presents.. The Murderers Song: Tales from the Darkside Typed by: Itsfinest@aol.com And now, the tale from the darkside... [DMX] Uh, I got to remind y'all niggas What the flow is all about Huh, its about this Anywhere from forty-eight and up Straight, you feel me? Fifty fifty Aiyyo, I gots to hear the beat so I can eat, ahight? If I can't live, you can't live, ain't nothin sweet Bitch ass niggas think its all about Versace A week later them niggas talkin about (Yo, X got me) I thought he was my man, but he act like he ain't know me I knew he had the joint, but I didn't wanna make him show me That nigga be buggin, stickin cats up and random Doing his dirt and disappearin like the phantom Niggas can't stand him, but ask me if I care 'Cuz what I used to give a fuck about, just ain't there And ain't nothing fair, I knew this for a long time Thats why with ever wrong crime comes anotha strong rhyme And thats mo' time under the belt, you felt what I had And I shouldn't have even done it, thats what made this shit sad I'm doin' bad, but if I gots to feel it, you gots to feel it And if a nigga can't afford it, I gots to steal it And that's how real it, GETS, when this shit [hits the fan] You still tryin to get the man, first catch up with the man Then we gon' see what'choo made of If your shit ain't pumpin Kool-Aid, what you afraid of? The monster under the bed, fill ya with four slugs to the head Or ya babies mother missin for a month, found dead Worms comin' from places you stuck ya dick in Maggots got the bitch coverered and the smells sick'nen Plastic don't hide the smell for too long, I do wrong And so I don't have nightmares I forget about it, move on Keep gettin my groove on, 'cuz that shit could fuck with'choo Keep dwellin on it, and its gonna get stuck with you Niggas try their luck with you, 'cuz they smell ass And money if you pussy, I'm gonna be able to tell fast Some cop I'm about to smack across the face in this robbery I'm on a robbin spree, and ain't no STOPPIN ME On this real, thats why a nigga stay writin 'Cuz kid this shit is real, what you think we play fightin You must of saw som'thin funny, or never saw som'thin bloody Or you don't know I'll bring it to your door 'cuz I'm cruddy Like puddy, when I hold you niggas, I mold you niggas I done told you niggas, that I been owed you niggas For that shit you did that you wasnt built for Shit I guess you didnt know you do get killed for I done filled niggas up with the extended clip Its like I blew this joint down with the extended rip Or that non-stop, when the bomb drops I'ma take it from where you at and then end up on ya moms block >From here to Comstock, niggas gettin bust wild ?Cell cagers last night from lock out just died? Ain't no where to hide, ain't no wear to run What more can they do to a man that ain't been done A mind is a terrible thing to waste Especially if its all over the place, your mind all over his face How do brains taste, when they mixed with gun powder Semi to fully automatic makes the gun louder I got som'thin to fix pain when I kicks game 'Cuz I'ma float off more tracks than they sixth train You 'bout to get flamed, from ash to ashes to DIRT You gon' go with the dough that your life was worth MOTHERFUCKER... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nas f/ DMX Album: I Am... Song: Life is What You Make It Typed by: RADIO402@aol.com [Nas] Yo ill will, ruff ryders what what, sraight like that You a killer or a hustler, dealer or customer Gangsta or buster, youngster or old nigga A weed head, a coke sniffer You rich or a broke nigga Know you all relate to this shit that i wrote niggas Lots of my mans trapped up in a max Penatentary, sending me letters i answer back That eventually, we all be bentley'ed out Throwing campaigns, fuck it I'm running for White House My niggas control Senate, pipe seats jeeps tinted Mad Lewinsky chicks, some kinky shit Did dirt now I knew it would come back one day So I'm on point, scrap, prepare for gunplay Stared at one face, thought it was beef he looked familiar Ready to blast ,nigga gave me daps said I feel ya Can't believe how my life changed From the hood, the first time in my life I can say i did the right thing Chorus: 4x Life is what you make it nigga, I'ma make it No matter what it takes my nigga, we gonna take it(uh) [DMX] uh, uh, uh, uh, uh Everyday shit, around the way shit got me stressed (what) So i keep on the vest in case a nigga wanna test (uh) I got no time for games cause I'm all grown up You wanna joke nigga? laugh when you get blown up (come on) See how funny it is when your kids aint got no father Cause you played it sweet now you floating in the harbor (for real) Shit is hectic so respect it for your health (what) Didn't think it was right, you should've checked it yourself (come on) Life is too short to get caught up in some dumb shit Wake up one day, 40 years old on some bumb shit Time flew by, you was too fly to see the light Everyday it's getting darker then comes the night Now what? (what) realize that you ain't got shit (uh) Not long ago you was the man on some hot shit So just peep the flow yo, cause you already in this Make sure your shit is right kid and handle your business (uh huh) Chorus [Nas] Make history before you go Fuck the misery, you po we gettin doe Except the ?dollars? other reasons why I'm living yo (why?) Time is viable Low and behold the young, black, and powerful Got to eat yo, everyday my daughters feet grow You wack and cheap with the doe, my heat could blow Payin doctors when I'm born, a preacher when I'm buried That's why cash is needed for my kids to inherit Gotta pay just for living, tax life is a b'ness (business) If you catch a bad deal, watch your life deminish Deals made by God and the Devil, and we in it Pawns in the game, can't complain or say shit Just strap up and hold on, hope for the best prepare for the worse, no fears no nothing on earth No tears if I'm dumped in a hearse, I won't be the first Nor the last nigga, let's get this cash nigga Chorus Artist: N.O.R.E. f/ DMX, Ja Rule, Yummy Bingham Album: N.O.R.E. Pt. 2: Born Again Song: Stay Flawless Typed by: dynamite9383@yahoo.com [N.O.R.E.] Yeah yeah N-O-R [DMX] Motherfucking right! [N.O.R.E.] Where you at? [DMX] I'm right here dog! [N.O.R.E.] Where you at? Where you at? [DMX] I'm right here dog! [N.O.R.E.] Where you at? Where you at? [DMX] I'm right here dog! [N.O.R.E.] Where you at? Where you at? [DMX] I'm right here dog! C'mon! [Chorus: Yummy Bingham] I gotta be a gangsta like that's what's up It's so harder, like what's in my cup We get flawless like a million bucks Stay flawless, flawless, my ladies saying Wooooaaahhh Wooooaaahhhh [N.O.R.E.] Yo, yo, yo Court cases, why the hell I'm still dumbing out? This is years later, I should've learned lessons Got bifocals, start seeing better Flows like my automatic machine gun in rainy weather I'm a whole new man, a new artist The Roc broke up, I threw my chain in the garbage I was disappointed, it was my fault, I thought stupid Fast forward, all alone still think stupid We could Ford or truck it or just Coupe it Rims off of Eazy-E, shit straight ruthless Tuck this Medusa with a bottom jaw toothless Bubba cush philly smoke, sour D slinging smoke Kick you in the face like I know judo Get up in that ass homes, that's no Bruno Six steps forward, back three spaces Entourage thicker than fish & tasties Feels good but it's faceless like head with braces From the tunnel to palladium, y'all shouldn't play with him Got enough dudes to fill up Shea Stadium Or Citi Field, I swear I really will Shots fire and you ain't no apprentice Smack your mouth numb and I ain't know dentist [DMX] Yeah, yeah  Uh, uh, uh  Whaaat! Nigga stay out my way like you owe me something But if what I'm saying is wrong, nigga show me something Cause I been knew bout the time I ran up in you How's it going down nigga, clown nigga, as I continue Put it on that ass like ain't no tomorrow And the nightmares'll get you if you live passed the horror Last nigga that did it just stepped cause he scared to death Cause he knew it was the grace of God that scared his breath Turn live niggas into corpses with the forces Handing out losses and of course its This over, they saying it's X on the flizex Who's nizext trying they luck with the big X Jump off the back of the truck and you'll get stuck With knives, bitches niggas can't fuck with mine Seeing them on the grind with dog, nigga what Bloodline baby, fucking shit up [Ja Rule] I hear whispers of murderers there, shit the Rule got witty It's now I'm barely living with that, I beg to differ Two door whipper, no roof quiff-er Bleed that heffer, bleed that nigga Yeah I'm definately Hefner Three bitch in her, I want no lesser Let's run it back like one time like Hessner Niggas gon make me KRS ya De de de da di de de de da di day I spit it like earlier, recently Dogs are reckless now, what now? These niggas going to hide like dicks that ain't circumsized Better recognize, my nigga N-O is still on the run Nigga just eating a little better now And I consider you the best now There's no pause, running that shit, get off my dick! I'm back!  Niggas!  Ha ha! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Onyx f/ DMX Album: Shut 'Em Down Song: Shut 'Em Down Typed by: cderisi@esper.com, OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash 	Straight up nigga 	Motherfuckin Southside nigga (word up) [SF]	Brooklyn what! We gonna do it just like this man Straight to your whole area (word up word up) 	YEAH, YEAH 	You know what we fin' to do  Shut 'em down, shut 'em down 	YEAH, yo.. word up, yo [SF]	It's time to take over the world! Chorus: repeat 4X Shut 'em down - shut 'em down, shut 'em down [Onyx - 1] Official Nast', I'm tired of these.. yo, yo, yo Shut 'em down start the violence we whylin whylin Slain rapper's body found washed up, on Coney Island When I rolled up, this nigga heart slowed up, that killa froze up When I pulled up, jumped out with the pump-pump 32 shots and ducked out Then I broke out, left that cat for dead his body smoked out Cause when I fall out, y'all killas got kill me kid I'm goin all out Life's a bitch, fuck it! Got a gun, bust it! The gameplay, gotta play by the rules of your own cannot be trusted Don't try to test, abide your chest, put five inside your vest Have you layin where the dead rest Shoulda known when you was lookin in the eyes of Death Asked the Lord for forgiveness When I did this, there was not no witness But he should understand -- cause even God got a shit list [Sonsee] Yo it's beatdowns anonymous, I spits like a shiny silver nine'll bust Niggaz fine to bust, we the kind that rush Those that, hold back, taking your whole stack Grimy street cats, niggaz baldhead, like Kojak Go gat for gat, quote that, in fact, you can smoke that Uncut black dust, making your whole, fucking skull crack Better know me, one-three, one and only Could be never phony in any ceremony, I'll tear you homey (Shut 'em down!) Sonsee's taking your time, making your mind Baddest nigga on the low defecatin with rhymes Breakin your spine, got you movin from the flurry time to worry I'ma bury the bullshit, feel my full clip! Chorus [DMX] Uhh.. uhh, uhh Aiyyo I bet you this motherfuckin double barrel'll blast his face Be on the lookout - for a basketcase Niggaz pumped you up to watch you get beat Had you thinkin shit is sweet Now you up shit's creek, cause your shit's weak How much is your life worth to someone important, cause I be extortin Kidnappin for ransom is some shit that you don't want to get caught in From back in the days of Gordon, niggaz was gettin robbed The guy from Rikers Height stayed on his job, with his own little mob Was it worth goin back to the Earth so soon? Worth makin my shit go boom, ?? your own doom? Fill them graveyards, til there's no room? Fuck you know about a pine box? Money goin out with nine glocks On top between that same nigga, when they pull out spray nine shots Feel like killin for your crew? I ain't gon' rest It don't take a whole lot to fill up your vest then watch your lungs as they spill out your chest You best get on some, act your age shit You a little kid, that run for faces More niggas get killed like that than a little bit [Sticky Fingaz] Ayy man Sticky F-I-N-G-A-Z the crazy cajun blazin bullets for days and days and grazin amazin I'm the guy that's lacin Purple Hazin, hard to be pahsin LORD all this hell that I'm raisin God of the Underground, I'm gunnin em down with a thunder pound We gonna (SHUT 'EM DOWN!) We turn shit dumb quick when the gun click Lyin in ya rhymes is worse then lyin on your dick In the morgue admit it dogs I'm the Rottweiler my glock holla Fuck cocaine killa I sniff gunpowder So all you real Willies throw your Roley's in the sky Now all my crooks, rob them players outside! I'm so hype, I'll take yo' life, better have my dough right And FUCK FIVE MICS, I DON'T NEED NO MIC!!!!! {*trashes the shit, speaker feedback ensures*} WHAT?!?!?! BRING IT!!!! SHUT 'EM DOWN! Chorus 2X [Sticky Fingaz] WHAT?? BRING IT! OFFICIAL NAST' SHUT 'EM DOWN! Word up boy, bout to shut down the whole industry Official Nast', DMX, we wreckin ERY'THING! So shut up! Or you get SHUT DOWN! LIKE THE REST OF THEM! Pussy! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Sway & King Tech f/ DMX, Onyx Album: Wake Up Show Freestyles Vol. 6 Song: Onyx and DMX Typed by: compbuttons@hotmail.com [Sway & King Tech] Revolution on the ones and twos Come on let's do this Onyx, DMX on the Wakeup Show Come on [Sonsee] Word up, we in the zone yo O-N-Y-X, DMX Word up we bout' to flex Sonsee yo, yo, yo Verbally shot down, beat up, burnt up and sizzled I rock microphones, ya know it's me I shoot like missle Freestyle, meanwhile we in L.A. No doubt kid, hit em' in the place If he get too fly, yes yes y'all Ya comin' down, we gon' bring down the wall [Fredro Starr] Yo wake up, time to break up what what Since you last in the cut raise it up No doubt, blow em' all out Official now, sinkin' em' out, it's all bounce Shake for ya head to leave you headless Eyes with redness Spray rap cats with burnin' lead tips Point blank range, take aim Blow ya brain out the frame Out to touch, spit this musical structure Yo, yo this is a lyrical destructure Path of disaster breaks mass Comin' at ya from blasts Catch ya, caught ya last Huff like asthma I couldn't care less You approachin' they death My own lyric politic with the feelings The devil himself, revel in himself Shots in America Assassinate ya character Slaughter ya Twenty-one holes in ya Nautica What, what, what Yo, yo, yo [Sway & King Tech] DMX, DMX, DMX [DMX] Uh, check it out y'all Check it out, check it out, check it out y'all Check it out y'all, check it out y'all Check it, check it, check it, check it I thank the Lord everyday that I'm blessed with the gift I'm the best so unless you wanna mess with the stiff Don't touch that, uh-uh leave it alone When you walk past the doghouse leave it a bone Dogs bite, dogs fight, dogs light Scratch, shake and hold all night So when you hear that arf-arf start runnin' Cause when ya hear that arf-arf I'm comin' I don't like drama so I stay to myself Keep focus with this rap shit and pray for the wealth I want the money, give me the honies with big asses The most expensive champagne you got in big glasses First I'ma bash his head wide open Beggin' me to stop but at least he's wise open Didn't gethis wish now he's a dish for the pack Two glowin' red eyes, everything else black [Sticky Fingaz] Yeah and that's DMX, know what I'm sayin' Official yes, official yes yo Now Sticky Fingaz mad man, tear down stages Ain't nobody dead or alive can get with me and my rages Throw a clip in the gat, I'm sick of the yap I'm ready to bust a cap, it can happen And killas will get hit that's a rappin' My itch, will cap you up and get you blasted Closed casket, I'm the bald-headed bastard Black dust gave me black lungs, I pack guns I'm used to action like doctor bullets reaction Blaze the mack ten, show gun I can spot the sheisty villains Cause it takes one to know one Remove my mask and reveal myself If I was you, yo I would kill myself [Sonsee] Hey yo, I got this date Full swing mic attackin' Makin' big stackin' My brain is always packin' a plan To be pursuin' newer things that I'm doin' Hit ya with the zing Bada-boom bada-bing Spine is tingling Ring it up at ya register Sweat you can edit mister ding ding Come out fightin' recitin' What I'm writin' for ya uh like it Cause I'm a supremecist, grimicin' the menace The optimistic, pessimistic, guess the rest of it The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Swizz Beatz f/ Busta Rhymes, DMX Album: Haute Living Song: Y'all Don't Really Know Typed by: dusan_fresh@hotmail.com Chorus [DMX] Y'all don't really know They don't really know Y'all don't really know They don't really know Y'all don't really know They don't really know Verse 1 [DMX] Check it Sky's the limit so I'm reaching for the stars I'm tired of being that nigga that they keep behind bars (bars) What's good, you got it, I'm a take yours I'm hood, fuck a gun, I break jaws Understood, it's nothing to bang for the cause And I should cause you frontin' bang with the force Rats playin' in the walls, cats playin' in the halls But niggas know after a certain hour stay indoors Cause I'm not responsible for what I might do Or what might happen if dog come through It's gon' be a problem cause man if I catch em I'm a rob em Pleeeease somebody stop em But for that it's too late, I gotta eat You ain't, you straight I ain't gon take it all... today! You can say what you want but cha know the truth X is a beast in the streets and the booth [Chrous] Verse 2 [Busta Rhymes] See all of them rinky dink Mr softy rap, I'm here to kill it Reinstate the boom bang and make you niggas feel it And most these niggas fear it Let me pop it off and blam it And how we smash it out like you watching animal planet Now let the sun load the bricks off Niggas pissed off The stage too crowded throw the bitch off I'm bout to turrn the switch off, to the goons I hand pick em And they burrrrrrr stick em, ha ha ha stick em (woah) You better tuck in your shine, that's prime grind Niggas is black, them kill em in black Now feel us one time, see how we got em following suit Fall in one line til we force these niggas to scatter Soon as I buss rhyme Bust Rhymes, constantly fulfilling them with heat Like an oil spill in the street See how we killin' em Peep how we drill 'em in the head with a case load And bang em (Hang em) Verse 3 [DMX] Beast on the track like Wolverine (rine) I'm a pitbull but got wolves on the team (team) It ain't what it seems (seems) Don't get it twisted (man) I'm a let you know just in case y'all missed it (f-ggot) Got me fucked up if you thought that I fell off (come on) Now niggas wanna ride dick get the hell off Come on Chulo, we both know you culo I know and you know that you the one that you knows Beefing for real, nigga I sleep with the steel And keep shit real, I creep shit still Ain't nothing changed but the date and the year Niggas make threats yet they wait for a year [Chorus: repeated] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Three 6 Mafia f/ DMX, Project Pat Album: Poppin My Collar (Remix) 12" Song: Poppin My Collar (Remix) Typed by: trickshady@hotmail.com * * send corrections to the typist [Chorus: repeat 2X] Now every since I could remember I been poppin my collar Poppin poppin my collar, Poppin poppin my collar Every since I could remember I been working this hoes And they betta put my money in my hand [Project Pat] I know you sick of the sicker when you see the rims thicker The paint dripper, the ice in my range glitter I straight strip her, the cheese like pancake-ah Rollin' for cheese like the leaves in my handbreak-ah Project Pat ah tracting dime pieces-ah Dirty South-Ah, french braid, gold teeth-ah I'm out here making sense cause I'm out here making dollars I keep a fast bro dawg and I pop collars [Crunchy Black] She's just another hoe that I met in the hood I told her I was Crunchy Black and it was all good She might as well go on head and suck on my wood And let me whisper something in her ear if I could [DMX] Yeah Yeah Gettin my country on WHAT! x4 Yeah this how we do aight? I don't pop collars, I pop niggaz in the collar Pop niggaz 'til they holla, Pop niggaz for that dollar Pop now he can't swallow, Won't be no more bitin With a nigga gold gone, there gonna be no more fightin Missed it nigga? I eat life, I shit death Get down and go hard 'til ain't shit left Break niggaz pockets, Rake niggaz pockets Y'all niggaz know the deal, make niggaz stop it Anything get said about dawg, get said behind dawg back Cause y'all know how the dawg act Light to the dawg without hittin a switch Got 'em screamin sound like I'm hittin a bitch, AIGHT?!? [DJ Paul] Now when it comes to getting bread I got the keys to the bakery A lot of dudes swear they play man they some fake-ry Let me catch a girl up out some work and in my sight And believe I'm gon be atcha in the daylight with a flashlight I'm tryin to get paid however money is made Alot dudes like to pay ladies to get laid But me I ain't no pimp, I just love to borrow Paper from a fat bitch, a ugly bitch, a model fa real [Juicy J] Well you know me by the Juice man hangin out with big trees Standin on tha porch, drinkin liquor, drunk, smokin weed Trying to get a paycheck, but work force ain't came yet Thats why I stay in a girl ear to keep that pussy wet The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Total f/ DMX Album: Trippin' 12" Single Song: Trippin' Remix Typed by: d_dawg123@hotmail.com Puffy: Huh, you know what time it is This is the remix (this is the remix) '99 to infinite Bad Girls Kima, Kiesha, Pam Talk to me Pam: Baby, yeah (I like this right here) Your show is bumpin' (c'mon) You show me somethin' (heh heh, something, baby) See, I won't (c'mon), trade you In for nothin' mmmm (I like the way it's goin' down) See erything, you do to me You got me trippin' (you got me trippin' baby, but I like it) And I'm satisfied (c'mon) And I'm guaranteed (let's go) I hope you (yeah) That you've been checkin' me (it's the remix) I know what you're talkin' bout You got me trippin' on my own feet, yeah, yeah You got me buggin' boy (c'mon) ohhh You bring me so much joy, (yeah) You got me open, boy And I'ma save my - self for you, baby (that's right) Puff: Keisha talk to me Keisha: Baby, yeah (huh) There's something (there's somethin'), I'll mention (c'mon) Me and her (I like the way that sound) la la la la la la la (c'mon) See, she's no (she's no), competition (heh, heh) So tell her, yeah (tell her now) (you look good, can I taste you?) That you're through with her (yeah) And you're lovin' me (that's right) And that's To-totally (that's Totally, Kima, Kiesha, and Pam) Totally And you're dedicated (you're dedicated), to me DMX: Uh, huh, ah Like to sprout when the lights is out (DMX) Keeping niggas on point, that's what life's about (that's right) You like to shout? I'ma put that shit to a-cease (huh huh) (yeah) >From here to the paper, from the bed to the grease (a'ight) Like police, I get away with mad credit shit Only the niggas that don't catch it, doin' some mad hungry shit (huh)  (uh huh) All that buddy shit was left alone, back in school (ugh) (c'mon) Even then, the nigga was cuttin' up (yeah), actin' fools (what!) Broke a lot of rules (why?) just because I could (uh, huh) (that's  right) Got away with most of it, just because I'm good (uh huh) Stabbin' niggas with wood, I was one of the first Doin' dirt, but I'm still outrunnin' the Hertz And it's always worst than it looks (uh, huh) (c'mon) But then you never understandin' the thirst of a crook (you arrested) First comes the hook, the assault, then come the robbery (damn) My world is always (ugh!) dark and ain't no stoppin' me Come on! Keisha: (C'mon, sing to me Keisha) (Mmmmmmmmmm) Baby  (Take me to the bridge) (Mmm-mmmmmm) There's one thing (Can you feel it?) (Mmmmm-mmm) I'll mention (I like the way it feels) (Mmmmmm-mmm) Nah, nah, nah (This one's for me) (Mmmmmm-mmm) See she's no (Mmmm-mmmm) Competition (c'mon, let's go) (Bad Boy) (Mmmmmmmmmm) Baby (Ruff Ryder) (Mmm-mmmmmm) There's one thing (Def Jam) (Mmmmm-mmm) I'll mention (DMX and we won't stop) (Mmmmmm-mmm) Nah, nah, nah (Cuz she won't stop) (Mmmmmm-mmm) See she's no (Back it up, back it up) (Mmmm-mmmm) Competition I hope you That you've been checkin' me (just dance for me) I know what you're talkin' bout (just dance for me) You got me trippin' on my own feet (just dance for me) You got me buggin' boy (this is the remix) You bring me so much joy (this is the remix) And I'ma save myself for you (yo hooker, yellow man, PD) I hope you That you've been checkin' me (hit me baby, HA!) I know what you're talkin' bout You got me trippin' on my own feet You got me buggin' boy You bring me so much joy And I'ma save my - self for you The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Yung Wun f/ David Banner, DMX, Lil' Flip Album: The Dirtiest Thirstiest Song: Tear it Up Typed by: trizl234@hotmail.com * * first single; send corrections to the typist [DMX] Yea, DMX Straight out of ATL Ya' Mean We got Yung Wun, choppin that thing baby Once Again, Swiss Beats, Full Surface [Yung Wun] Bounce, Bounce When I'm drunk in the club, I might just start sum shit Block party in the hood, I might just start sum shit Underground Downtown, I might just start sum shit Gimme the keys to the city, I'ma lock this bitch They aint gon take me alive and you can bet dat Hit 'em where the chest at Hit 'em where the neck at Show me where the rest at They in the same building livin' like a mess pack four miles from where the deck at Bet Dat, Shawty You and me gonna ride over to the other side Its time these motherfuckers die First make a prank call and get the kids out the house I aint tryin to kill no kids, but I'ma turn they lights out [chorus 2x : DMX] AAAAAAHHHH, Tear it Up, Let me see you Tear It Up All across the board we gone Tear It Up We gon bounce it till the beat cut off We gon rock thiis motherfucker till the wheels fall off [David Banner] Tennessee motherfucker, hock a dick in your mouth East Lake till I die, smokin dro in the drought I make a bitch give me money then I'm kickin her out I spit game to your wife, then we robbin your house Y'all niggaz love that way that we grippin the grain If you got it and I want it, I aint callin your name Just lay it down, Fuck Boy, like I'm ballin G You get your chest in your lap bitch for fuckin with me [chorus 2x] [ LIl' Flip] You might catch me at the Rose Bowl game In a 4-door range With a Rose gold chain Wrapped around my neck Or I might be flashin' in a white jeep wagon With my arm out the window, grippin' a Tech Dawg, get it right, I got Houston on lock I kit it right, I switch the lights every time I buy a drop Homey, You got Swiss on the beat I gotta come with the heat It's David Banner, Yung Wun, and F-L-I-P 