The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: N.W.A. (Eazy-E) Album: N.W.A. & The Posse Song: Boyz-N-The-Hood Typed by: KDavis@hq.odedodea.edu [Eazy-E] Cruising down the street in my 6-4 Jockin the freaks clocking the dough Went to the park to get the scoop Knuckleheads out there cold shooting some hoops A car pulls up who can it be A fresh El Camino rolled, Kilo G He rolls down his window and he started to say It's all about making that GTA chorus Cuz the boyz n tha hood are always hard You come talking that trash we'll pull your card Knowing nothing in life but to be legit Don't quote me boy, cuz I ain't saying shit [Eazy-E] Donald B's in the place to give me the pace He said my man JB is on freebase The boy JB was a friend of mine Till I caught him in my car trying to steal my Alpine Chased him up the street to call a truce The silly cluck head pulled out a deuce-deuce Little did he know I had a loaded 12 gauge One sucker dead, LA Times first page chorus [Eazy-E] Bored as hell and I wanna get ill So I went to a place where my homeboys chill The fellows out there, making that dollar I pulled up in my 6-4 Impala They greet me with a 40 and I started drinking And from the 8-ball my breath start stinking Love to get my girl, to rock that body Before I left I hit the Bacardi Went to her house to get her out of the pad Dumb hoe says something stupid that made me mad She said somethin that I couldn't believe So I grabbed the stupid bitch by her nappy ass weave She started talkin shit, wouldn't you know? Reached back like a pimp and slapped the hoe Her father jumped out and he started to shout So I threw a right-cross cold knocked him out chorus [Eazy-E] I'm rollin hard now I'm under control Then wrapped my 6-4 round the telephone poll I looked at my car and I said, "Oh brother I throw it in the gutter and go buy another" Walkin home I see the G ride Now Kat is drivin Kilo on the side As they busted a U, they got pulled over An undercover cop in a dark green Nova Kat got beaten for resistin arrest He socked the pig in the head for rippin his Guess Now G is caught for doin the crime Fourth offence on the boy, he'll do some time chorus [Eazy-E] I went to get them out but there was no bail The fellaz start to riot in the county jail Two days later in municiple court Kilo G on trial cold cut a fart Disruption of a court, said the judge On a six-year sentence my man didn't budge Bailiff came over to turn him in Kilo G looked up and gave a grin He yelled out "FIRE!" then came Suzy The bitch came in with a sub-machine Uzi Police shot the bitch but didn't hurt her Both up state for attempted murder chorus The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: N.W.A. Album: N.W.A. and The Posse Song: 8 Ball Typed by: leerath@yahoo.com (Flavor Flav) Kick that shit! Kick that shit! Kick that shit! Kick that shit! Kick that shit! (Cool kickin ass) Kick that shit! (Funky fresh Eazy-E) Kick that shit! (Cool kickin ass) Kick that shit! (Rakim) "Pull up a chair and I'ma get it started" (Verse One: Eazy-E) I don't brass monkey, like to be funky Nickname Eazy-E yo' 8 ball junkie Bass drum kickin, and a snag I nag and if ain't rap, then you now it's crap Crowd rockin sucka suckers from around the way I got a six-shooter, yo' mean I'm brave E rollin out,to find the boyz to kick dust and cuss, crank up some noise Police on my tail, I don't like jail 40 ounce in my lap and it's cold as hell Hook a right turn and let the pigs go up Then I say to myself,"They can kiss my butt!" Hip to get drunk got the 8 in my lips Put in the old tape Marvin Gaye's greatest hits Rollin so hard had the bass cold whompin Cruisin through the Eastside, South of Compton See a big butt, and I say word I took a look at her face, and the girl wasto the curb But she was on my tip for the title I'm holdin Eazy-E's gettin busy got the 8 ball rollin I, was.." Cool kickin ass " I, was.." Raised in L.A." I, was.." Cruisin down the street in my six-fo' " (" Too much posse ") (Verse Two: Eazy-E) Ridin on Slausson lookin for Crenshaw Turned down the sound, to ditch the law Stopped at a light wouldn't you now a cadillac all most wrecked the six-fo' Flipped him off put it to the floor Went to the store fo' more 8 ball Actin real ill cause I was drunk See a sucker puck, had to go in my trunk Reach inside cause it's like that Came back out with a silver gat Pointed at the fool, and it was all because I had to show the boy what time it was When I turn around it was like a mirage Knucklehead like that got out of dodge Suckas be illin cause the title I'm holdin Eazy-E's in affect and got the 8 ball rollin (Verse Three: Eazy-E) Olde English 800 cause that's my brand Take it in a bottle, 40, quart or can Drink it like a madman, yes I do Forget the police and a 502 Stepped in the party, I was drunk as hell Three girls already said," Eric yo' breath smells! " 8 ball in hand, that's what I got " Yo man you see Eazy earlin in the parkin lot? " Punked yo' lady stepped on her tor Asked her to dance and she said," hell no! " Called her a skibby cause that's the rule Boyz-n-the hood tryin to keep me cool You tell my homeboy you wanna kick my butt I walked in your face and we get 'em up I started droppin the dogs, and watch you fold Just dumb through the bum, got knocked out cold Fool got dropped cause the title I'm holdin Eazy-E's hardcore and got the 8 ball rollin (Verse Four: Eazy-E) Yo pass the brew Ren while I tear shit up and y'all listen up close to roll call Eazy-E's in the place I got money and juice Rendezvous with me and we make the deuce Dre makes the beats so funk funk funky Do the olde 8, forget the brass monkey Ice Cube writes the rhymes, that I say Hail to the homiez from C.I.A. Crazy D is down and in effect We make hardcore jams, so give us respect Make a toast punky punk to the title I'm holdin Eazy-E's brakin' out and got the8 ball rollin Man I'm outta here Yo Eazy, you forgot to tell em what city you chill in In the city! ( City of Compton ) In the city! ( City of Compton ) City City City of Compton City City City of Compton City City City of Compton City City City of Compton City City City of Compton The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: N.W.A. Album: N.W.A. and the Posse/Greatest Hits Song: A Bitch is a Bitch Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Eazy-E] Oh, shit - I guess there's one less bitch you gotta worry about [Narrator] Let's describe a certain female A female with the disease of character and attitude If you will, a snob However, in the view of N.W.A... [Ice Cube] A bitch is a bitch (bitch) so if I'm poor or rich (word up) I talk in the exact same pitch Now the title bitch, don't apply to all women But all women have a little bitch in 'em (yeah) It's like a disease that plagues they character Takin the women of America (yeah) And it starts with a letter B It makes a girl like that think she better than me (bitch) See some get mad, and some just bear it But yo, if the shoe fits wear it (wear it) It makes 'em go deaf in the ear That's why when you say 'hi' she won't say 'hi' Are you the kind that think, you're too damn fly? Bitch eat shit and die (ha ha ha..) Ice cube comin at you at crazy pitch (Why?) I think a bitch is a bitch "Who the fuck you think you callin a bitch you little sorry muthafucka? I dunno who the fuck you think you talkin to Let me tell you one muthafuckin thang, I'm not no..." [Eazy-E] Bitch, shut the fuck up [Ice Cube] Yo, you can tell a girl that's out for the money (How?) She look good and the bitch walk funny She ain't no dummy, she's rather connivin Yo bitch, fuck when I'm drivin~! See a young nigga that's strivin You're through, without a BMW That's why, a bitch is a bitch I guess Or either P-M-S Here, test the girl that's kinda snobby (aight) And I bet you dissin niggaz is her hobby And after she finish the test Grade today of B, I, T-C-H And watch her get mad cause she know it's true (she know it) But a nigga like me'll say 'fuck you' Do like Ice Cube, slam her ass in a ditch (slam her ass) Cause a bitch is a bitch "Why I got to be a bitch?" I ain't call you no bitch If you'd listen to a goddamn song it'd tell you what a bitch is "Fuck the song cause I'm not no muthafuckin bitch" I didn't say you was a bitch If you stopped actin like a goddamn bitch "Fuck you, lil punk-ass lil nigga!" Fuck you, bitch! "Fuck you! Who the fuck you think you are?" Little sorry-ass scandalous-ass ho "Yeah I'ma bring ma bitch" Fuck you! Suck my dick, bitch! Lil scandalous-ass doody dogg breath smoking... [Ice Cube] I once knew a bitch who got slack Cause she played me, like she was all that A bitch can be your best friend talkin behind your back (yeah) About who's fuckin who and who's gettin fat Look at yourself for me (look bitch) Now do you fall, in this category? Are you the kind that won't blink Cause you don't think, yo' shit stink? Lucky I haven't had a drink Cause I'd down you ass, then I'd clown your ass Cause the niggas I hang with ain't rich (I ain't rich) We'll all say "Fuck you bitch!" (Word up!) Now, what I can do with a ho like you Bend your ass over and then I'm through (get the fuck out) Cause you see Ice Cube ain't takin' no shit (Why?) Cause I think, a bitch is a bitch [Narrator] There you have it - the description of a bitch Now ask yourself, are they talking about you? Are you that funky, dirty, money-hungry, scandalous stuck-up, hair piece contact wearing bitch? Yep, you probably are - HAHAHAHAHAHAHA~! "Bitch!" The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: (N.W.A.) f/ D.O.C. and Fila Fresh Crew Album: N.W.A. and the Posse Song: Drink it Up Typed by: mbfamily@erols.com (Winos never get afraid of nothin but runnin outta wine) Oww, DRINK IT UP BABY! (drink it up baby) GULP IT ON DOWN! (gulp it on down) COME ON, SUCK IT UP BABY! (suck it up baby) SIP IT AND PASS IT AROUND! (pass it around) NOW I CAN START WITH CROWN ROYAL! (with Crown Royal) AND THEN I DRINK MAD DOG! (drink Mad Dog) IT DOESN'T MATTER WHAT I'M DRINKIN! (doesn't matter) AS LONG AS IT'S ALCOHOL! (alcohol) NOW SOME OF YOU DRINK GIN! (you drink gin) AND SOME DRINK OLD CROW! (drink Old Crow) NOW WHEN THE BOTTLE GETS EMPTY! (bottle gets empty) I'M GOIN' TO THE LIQUOR STOOORE! (liquor store) DRINK IT UP BABY! (drink it up baby) GULP IT ON DOWN! (gulp it on down) NOW SUCK IT UP BABY! (suck it up baby) SIP IT AND PASS IT AROUND! (pass it around) (various screaming and yelling) DRINK IT UP BABY! (drink it up baby) TILL YOU FALL OUT! (till you fall out) COME ON, BUST SOME WINE BABY! (bust some wine) LET ME POUR IT IN YOUR MOUTH! (in your mouth) NOW ALL YOU KOOL-AID DRINKERS! (Kool-Aid drinkers) WHO DON'T LIKE TO GET DRUUUUNK! (like to get drunk) NEXT TIME I COME TO YOUR PARTY (come to your party) I'M GONNA SPIKE YOUR PUUUNCH! (spike yo punch) I ALWAYS GET PULLED OVER (get pulled over) AND HAVE TO WALK A STRAIGHT LINE (a straight line) I ALWAYS GET THE TICKETS! (get the tickets) BUT THE WINE STAYS MINE! (wine stays mine) DRINK IT UP BABY! (drink it up baby) GULP IT ON DOWN! (gulp it on down) COME ON, COME ON, SUCK IT UP BABY! (suck it up baby) SIP IT AND PASS IT AROUND! (pass it around) NOW THE BOYS IN THE HOOD! (boys in the hood) SOMETIMES GET HIGH! (sometimes get high) BUT I JUST DRINK 8-BALLLLLLS! (just drink 8-ball) BECAUSE IT'S CHEAPER TO BUY! (cheaper to buy) SO IT'S TIME TO GO HOME! (time to go home) BEFORE THE POLICE COME! (the police come) CAUSE IF I GO TO JAIL, Y'ALL! (go to jail) I CAN'T DRINK NO MORE RUM! (drink no more rum) DRINK IT UP BABY! (drink it up baby) GULP IT ON DOWN! (gulp it on down) COME ON, COME ON, SUCK IT UP BABY! (suck it up baby) SIP IT AND PASS IT AROUND! (pass it around) awwwwww..... awwwwww..... Awwwwww..... Awwwwww..... Wait a minute man, winos can't sing! Yall, oughta cut that out! Since we're talkin bout drinkin, here's a suggestion People listen up, here's a question Do you drink Crown Roooo-yal! (YEAH!) What about Maaad Doooogg! (NOOOOOOW) What about Jack Daaaniels! (YEAH!) Gin and (Sooockllllle?) (YEAH!) What about some Night Train? (YEAH!) Compton's fiiiinest! (REEEEEUHHH!) But if you're not a hard drinker.....(you must be a ruler) I wanna hear you scream (all the folks who drink coolers) [various screaming and acting a fool] (Ayiyiyiyiyiyiyiyiyiyi!) (WATAPATATA-WABAAAAHHH!) (Arrrrrrrribaaaaaa!) (A cheese dog! I did it in about 87 seconds!) (I ate your mama's burrito, man!) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: N.W.A. f/ Egyptian Lover Album: N.W.A. and The Posse Song: Panic Zone Typed by: dy_face@hotmail.com [Intro: Vocoder Box sound by Egyptian Lover] Panic Zone, don't get your girl in here A way out in here, a way out in here A way out in here, a way out in here A way out in here, a way out in here A way out in here, a way out in here Panic Zone, don't get your girl in here Panic Zone, don't get your girl in here Panic Zone, don't get your girl [Verse One: Arabian Prince] It's called the Panic Zone  (The Panic Zone!) that's right the Panic Zone Some people call it torture, but it's where we call home (We are the renegades of this territory, and you're the prey) I'm the Arabian Prince (and we're N.W.A.) Don't interfere with the sound you here Cause it's a dangerous groove I'm in control of your mind and soul Don't be afraid, just bust the moves So out your home, you're on your own in the land of the unknown It's the darkside, the dirty-side It's called the Panic Zone [Interlude: Dr. Dre] Do not attempt to adjust your radio; there is nothing wrong The underworld is taking control We're not only in dimension of sight and sound but of mind There's a sign posted up in here, and it reads the Panic Zone [Verse Two: Arabian Prince] Now the party is at the peek Co we suggest you move your feet N.W.A. create the groove, and Dr. Dre creates the beat So if you got the juice, and your feeling loose Let the music take your mind The Prince is here, don't interfere  Our world is one of a kind This place is called the west, west-Coast of the USA The Panic Zone's homebase, in a place we call L.A. So ladies, all the ladies, if your all alone Just call Arabian Prince, in the Panic zone (Pa-pa-panic Zone) [Hook: Vocoder Box sound by Egyptian Lover] A way out in here, a way out in here A way out in here, a way out in here A way out in here, a way out in here A way out in here, a way out in here [Verse Three: Arabian Prince] Ice Cube is from L.A. He is in the (Panic Zone, Pa-Panic Zone) Eazy-E is from Compton He is in the (Panic Zone, Pa-Panic Zone) Arabian Prince from Inglewood He is in the (Panic Zone, Pa-Panic Zone) Dr. Dre is from Compton He is in the (Panic Zone, Pa-Panic Zone) D.O.C. is from East L.A. He is in the (Panic Zone, Pa-Panic Zone) Ron-De-Vu is from Compton He is in the (Panic Zone, Pa-Panic Zone) C.I.A. is from L.A. They're in the (Panic Zone, Pa-Panic Zone) Movie Star is from Crenshaw He is in the (Panic Zone, Pa-Panic Zone) The Wrecking Crew is from L.A. They're in the (Panic Zone, Pa-Panic Zone) Smooth Man is from Compton He is in the (Panic Zone, Pa-Panic Zone) Our Manager is from L.A. He is in the (Panic Zone, Pa-Panic Zone) And the engineer is from the.. (Panic Zone, Pa-Panic Zone) [Outro: Vocoder Box sound by Egyptian Lover] The Panic Zone, don't get your girl in here Panic Zone, don't get your girl in here Panic Zone, don't get your girl in here Panic Zone, don't get your girl in the Panic Zone The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: N.W.A. f/ The D.O.C. Album: N.W.A. and The Posse Song: L.A. Is the Place Typed by: dy_face@hotmail.com [Intro: The D.O.C.] L.A. L.A. L.A. L.A. L.A. L.A. L.A. L.A.  L.A. L.A. L.A. L.A. L.A. L.A. L.A. L.A.  L.A. L.A. L.A. L.A. L.A. L.A. L.A. L.A. L.A. is the place! [Eazy-E] I'm not a renegade but you wish I would Just because I like to hang with boys in the hood [Ron-De-Vu] Live in L.A. always chill on the west coast A Tilly Mogul got it close just I mean to boast [Eazy-E] I said what's up, we'll be who riding on you Nick name Eazy-E, and I'm down with the crew You come talking that trash, we'll pull your card It's not the Bronx, it's L.A. but just as hard Don't get me wrong I like to brag on the city I own The Subway R-T-D, don't ride it alone You might have silly thoughts, that were insane But the city I'm from, let me explain [Hook: Ron-De-Vu] In L.A. there things you do not do  First of all, homeboy, don't mess with the crew You might have silly thoughts that were too soft But don't play it sweet, or get took off [Chorus: All] Y'all know the time, it's time to get L We moved back to L.A. ~ Cal-I-forn-ia We moved back to L.A. ~ Cal-I-forn-ia We moved back to L.A. ~ Cal-I-forn-ia The city of angels.. Hollywood.. we love it [Eazy-E] I turned you on to the best females in the world I wish they all could be California girls Like the east where your girls wear too many coats Bring your clothesie, runny noiseie, with a sore throat That the girls in the south I cannot bust  Because the girls are fly and down with us In the valley not the alley, misdemeanor not ball-ey  Eazy-E that's me, always chill in Cali' Hollywood's a bit of beef, where the scene is raw Ohh yeah, the strip is a trip on South Crenshaw Don't get me wrong I like to brag on the city I own (Boy you walk do what?) don't walk alone [Hook: Ron-De-Vu] Because in L.A. there things you do not do  First of all, homeboy, don't mess with the crew You might have silly thoughts that were too soft But don't play it sweet, or get took off [The D.O.C.] L.A. L.A. L.A. L.A. L.A. L.A. L.A. L.A.  L.A. L.A. L.A. L.A. L.A. L.A. L.A. L.A.  L.A. is the place! [DJ Yella Scratches quotes from below] Build with the brothers who build the old school ---> Get a.. get a.. get a little some of that.. BEAT BOX ---> Get get get a little some of that beat box ---> [Ron-De-Vu] West coast style from L.A. Yes I gets mine, it's got to be that way It's sunny California that's where I be If you forgot homeboy I chill with E In the west I stand that's where you fall Fila wearing a punk goes snatching it all Rhyme by rhyme record by E  In the city of angels, with a devil like me She's contaminated where the boys are hard And people like me don't perpetrate the fraud You want to mess around, you better get wise We'll find your butt, and cut you down to size [Hook: Ron-De-Vu] Because in L.A. there things you do not do  First of all, homeboy, don't mess with the crew You might have silly thoughts that were too soft But don't play it sweet, or get took off [Chorus: All] Y'all know the time, it's time to get L We moved back to L.A. ~ Cal-I-forn-ia We moved back to L.A. ~ Cal-I-forn-ia We moved back to L.A. ~ Cal-I-forn-ia City of angels.. Hollywood.. we love it [Hook: Ron-De-Vu] Because in L.A. there things you do not do  First of all, homeboy, don't mess with the crew You might have silly thoughts that were too soft But don't play it sweet, or get took off The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: N.W.A. Album: N.W.A. & the Posse Song: Dopeman Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash, kirenamloh@msn.com  {*sound of door knocking*} Yo man what you need? (Yo uh, man I need something man, I need a twenty, man) Whatchu got, man? (Ey, I got this rope chain, man) Man, this shit look like a gold on the road shit {What the fuck is that?} {It's a fuckin dud!} (It's real man) This shit ain't real {That nigga seein that shit again, man?!} Get the fuck outta here and come back with some money (C'mon man, be cool man) Y'all Mexicans always comin with this shit Yo Dre, kick in the bass!! {Sample of Ohio Players' "Funky Worm" is heard} "Ooh, that's funky, that's funky..." "Like nine cans of shavin' powder, that's funky.." [Ice Cube] It was once said by a man who couldn't quit "Dopeman," please can I have another hit The dopeman said, "Cluck, I don't give a shit if your girl kneel down, and suck my dick"  It all happened and the guy tried to choke her  Nigga didn't care, she ain't nothin but a smoker That's the way goes, that's the name of the game Young brother gettin over by slangin 'caine Gold around his neck in 14 K heaven Bitches clockin on his dick twenty-four/seven Plus he's makin money, keep the bassheads waitin Rollin six-fo' wit the fresh ass Daytons Livin in Compton, Cailfornia C-A His uzi up yo' ass if he don't get paid  Nigga beggin for credit, he's knockin out teeth  Clockin much dollars on the 1st and 15th  Big wad of money nuttin less than a twenty Yo you want a five-oh the dopeman's got plenty  To be a dopeman boy you must qualify Don't get high off your own supply  From a ki' to a G it's all about money Ten piece for a champ, bass pipe comes free If people out there are not hip to the fact If you see somebody gettin money for crack  he's the Chorus: N.W.A. Dopeman, dopeman! (Ay man, give me a hit) Dopeman, dopeman! (Yo man, fuck that shit!)  Dopeman, dopeman! (We just can't quit!) Dopeman, dopeman! (Well suck this bitch!) [Dr. Dre] Wait a minute, wait a minute Who the fuck are you talkin to? Do you know who the fuck I am?  Man I can't believe this shit This bitch is tryin to gank me Yo I oughta slap you upside yo' head  with nine inches of limp dick  [Ice Cube]  You need a nigga with money so you get a dopeman  Juice that fool for as much as you can  She like his car, and he get wit her  Got a black eye cause the dopeman hit her  Let that slide and you pay it no mind  Find that he's slappin you all the time  But that's okay, cause he's so rich Ain't you ain't nuttin but a dopeman's bitch  Do what he say and you keep your mouth shut Poppin that trash might get you fucked up Well sit and cry, if the dopeman strike you He don't give a fuck he got two just like you  There's another girl in the dopeman's life Not quite a bitch but far from a wife  She's called Strawberry and everybody know Strawberry Strawberry is the neighborhood hoe  Do anything for a hit or two Give the bitch a rock she fucked the whole damn crew  It might be your wife and it might make you sick Come home and see her mouth on the dopeman's dick  Strawberry, just look and you'll see her  But don't fuck around she'll give you gonnorhea If people out there are not hip to the fact that Strawberry is a girl sellin pussy for crack to the Chorus: N.W.A. Dopeman, dopeman! (Ay man, give me a hit) Dopeman, dopeman! (Yo man, fuck that shit!)  Dopeman, dopeman! (In yo' face) Dopeman, dopeman! "Yo Dre!! Kick in the bass!!" {Sample of Ohio Players' "Funky Worm" is heard} "Ooh, that's funky, that's funky..." "Like nine cans of shavin' powder, that's funky.." [Ice Cube] If you smoke 'caine, you a stupid motherfucker Known around the hood as the schoolyard clucker Doin that crack with all the money you got On your hands and knees, searchin for a piece of rock Jonesin for a hit, and you're lookin for mo' Done stole the Alpine out of Eazy's six-fo' You need your ass whupped cause it's out of this earth To get a ten-piece need a dollar fifty work Knucklehead nigga, yeah you turned into a crook but swear up and down boy that you ain't hooked You beat your friend up, and you whupped his ass long cause he hit the pipe til the rock was all gone You robbin and stealin, buggin and illin while the dopeman's dealin, what is healin yo' pain Cocaine, this shit's insane Yo E she's a berry, let's run a train (Man, I wouldn't touch that bitch) me neither Hoe go home and wash out your beaver And niggaz out there messin up people's health Yo, what the fuck you gotta say for yourself? [Eazy-E] Well I'm the dopeman, yeah boy, wear a courderoy Money up to here but unemployed You keep smokin that rock and my pockets gettin bigger (Yo, got that five-oh double up nigga!) Yeah high rollin, big money I'm foldin Bitch on my tip for the dick I'm holdin Sprung strawberry jockin me so early Hoe you wanna hit you gotta get your knees dirty Now that's my life, that's how it's cut "Hey dopeman!" Bitch, shut the fuck up! Gotta make a run, it's a big money deal Gankers got the fake but you can get the real from the Chorus: N.W.A. Dopeman, dopeman! (Yeah that's me) Dopeman, dopeman! (Yo can I get a G?)  Dopeman, dopeman! (Clock as much as he can) Fuck this shit who am I? THE DOPEMAN! [Eazy-E (as Mexican guy)] Yo Mr. Dopeman, you think you're slick You sold crack to my sister, and now she's sick But if she happens to die, because of your drug I'm puttin in your coolo, a thirty-eight slug The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: (N.W.A.) The D.O.C w/ Fila Fresh Crew Album: N.W.A. & the Posse Song: Toughest Man Alive Typed by: laphonso@aol.com [The D.O.C.] This ain't no basic hip-hip you make in a bin in your garage I'm down for showing all you hoes who the hell's in charge A cold lethal rap warrior, I'm on the attack Cutting ducks no slack so keep your bitch ass back Deadly, yeah kicking it, the solo style On top of the pile, the reigning chump worthwile Hanging tough I'm the leader, ain't no need to pretend Like an elevator up, I mean I'm on the ascend I ain't no east coast rapper, this is a southerner's song Be warned, it's hard to try and hold a project born Saying shit that you like, never wearing no Nike Fucking it up and all I need is my goddamn mic And a micstand, I don't need no band to play With a DJ like Rock and a partner like K in effect y'all Fucking suckers up like five It's Fila Fresh and I'm the toughest man alive! [DJ Rock] Na-na-na-na-na-naaaaa-nah [Fresh K] Yo, yo nigga you know you can't even fuck with this Do it, do it [DJ Rock] Na-na-na-na-na-naaaaa-nah [Fresh K] Yo, fool, you know you need to jet the fuck off Get the fuck out my face [The D.O.C.] Down from the beginning, hitting hard I'll admit They keep offering me money and I keep taking the shit And coolin' cool at the crib cause being cool's how I live But bucking up will get you rocked if you're a bullshit kid I like it stylistic, c'mon let's get with it Coming up with fresh new rhymes like I'm a mystic You see the D.O.C. and all the Fila I be splurging Yeah, I know it, you think that I'm encouraging You to steer wrong boy, so I can go off A quick run and when I'm done you bet not cough I'm an annihilator, standing a full 6'3" And I reall don't think you wanna fuck with me But then there's always those, clocking all your shows Getting all out of line trying to impress they hoes I know some niggas like that round the way who won't quit "It's the old top" Man shoot that muthafucking shit I'm physically tough, physically able I qualify Don't try that gangster bullshit here, this an't no I Spy You better chill out, that's if you wanna survive It's Fila Fresh and we're the toughest men alive [Fresh K] Yeah, for all you suckers who thought t'all was down, that's   right, kicking that bullshit, yeah we in effect, that's right   holmes, we in effect so get your bitch ass back before you   be floating up a creek, know what I'm sayin? [DJ Rock] Float, float on... [Fresh K] Yeah, and if you want your beast to be deaf, call Dre before Monday! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: N.W.A. f/ Eazy E Album: N.W.A. and the Posse Song: Fat Girl [Fat girl!] [You're a fat girl] [Fat...fat...fat fat fat fat girl] (repeat 2X) (It's funky fresh Eazy E) new kid on tha block And already got a fat girl on my jock Now my story's kinda simple, so please take it simple As I tell you a tale bout this big fat pimple I was chillin on the ave, drinkin some booze Saw a fatty comin my way, so what was I to do? I busted a U, went tha other way again but forgot that tha Avenue was a dead end I turned around, here she came, stride for stride funky fat like that, bout two thirty-five Stampede was rushin, I double looked and she had more chins than a chinese phonebook Five four three ugly as can be, she said  [Ron-de-vu]  Hello Eazy E. Do you remember me? (I said no) Huhu yes you do suga My name is Bertha but you can call me booga Remember the time when you were drunk at a party We was slow dancin, give ya all this body [Eazy-E] When she said that she loved me, I was in shock Oh my God got a fat girl on my jock [CHORUS:] [I got a fat girl on my jock] [Fat girl] [Got a fat girl on my jock] She gave me tha grin, I showed tha frown and with a bare hug picked me off tha ground Squeezion me tight, atttempted to bug me Grabbed me by tha rear, said [Love me, hug me!] I was hell, victim of a scandal coz this girl's too much for E to handle Broke tha bee's grip, started to run Back to tha crib, grabbed tha elephant gun She's grubbin, thighs rubbin in a hot pursuit I loaded up tha gun bout ready to shoot She kept on comin because of addiction Legs on fire because of friction My gun broke, now I was doomed Dropped tha double barrel, grabbed tha harpoon As I swung, tha fat girl fell Lyin on tha ave just like a beach whale That's tha story, it's quite ill and all fat girls y'all besta chill All overweight freaks stay off my block Cause it's eerie to have a fat girl on your jock [CHORUS] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: N.W.A. f/ The D.O.C., Dr. Rock, Fresh K (Fila Fresh Crew) Album: N.W.A. and The Posse Song: 3 The Hard Way Typed by: dy_face@hotmail.com [Intro: The D.O.C. & (Fresh K)]  Here's a mix to make you move, smooth enough to soothe Slow and lower you can go inside a bassed up groove (So funk it!) It's gotta be, ain't no need to discuss it (Yo Doc!) I finna kick this shit, alright! (Alright, then bust it!) [Verse One: The D.O.C.] Rhymes created by the Doc, most definitely down! I could be bitten by this brother with some bad ass brown It ain't no joke, he needs some scope  Cause his breath is (cold!) dope As he talks I can smell it, and I'm seeing the smoke That's the bad breath bandit, you know what's in store Stay away cause they breath will knock you (to the floor!) That boy is (rough!) de soda (tough!) I don't understand Tests his breath inside his palm, and burned his hand! He's a tucks destroyer, a Listerine killer A cavity employer, a yuck-mouth filler (Say man, you bullshit!) no, that's a fact Fresh K I wish Velamints could take his breath away But he's.. always in effect, smelling like dead vermin Honking the bitches with his firewalls burning Winch his witch as a curl, just as funky as well I mean he has a little woman that can match his smell (Yes!) He has a girlfriend, this is not pretend She uses deodorant to spray for men (Scratch and sniff wallpaper all over the house)  Aww shit! (Yeah boy, that's what I'm talking about) They need ten bars of soap, three boxes of Tide To make them presentable to go outside Now my story is true, and my opinion candid But that is my tale of the bad breath bandit [Interlude:] [The D.O.C] But you know, that ain't even half of the shit [Fresh K:-] Man, what's up? [The D.O.C] This bitch who stay around the way, you know her K!  [Fresh K:-] Yeah? [The D.O.C] Y'all want to talk about her? [Fresh K:-] Bust it!  [Dr. Rock:] Oh kick her ass, man [Verse Two: The D.O.C.] Let's talk about girl who's a bonafide witch! Name is Tammy, better known as bitch!  The boys in the hood all treat her like liquor Quick is the way they pass her around and then stick her I'm not saying she minds, she's a first class skeezer Always on the jock, but only if he's uhh.. Man with the money and the looks to show (So you saying she's a witch?) yeah Tammy's a material whore You're getting laid, if you can rock a cross-fader You got the bank, to make the bitch who'll get paid Tagging Tammy's a process like when you use a computer Use her and do her like they did in the old days (Shoot her!) A whore and she knows it, yeah the knowledge is there So they say that she's slutty and she tell them she don't care But y'all I'm keeping my clear, even though she is pretty (Cause we only use Tammy for a guest to the city) right on! [Interlude:] [The D.O.C] But bust this, Tammy ain't the only fucked-up freak in the city [Dr. Rock:] Well who else, man? [The D.O.C] Aww, come on Rock, you know her now, You know her [Dr. Rock:] Seabiscuit breath, right?  [The D.O.C] Yeah, that's her [Dr. Rock:] Yo! Go on! Bust it homes! [Verse Three: The D.O.C.] You stand around the bitch and your nose turns white You ever thought about what Big Bird's shit smells like? Well, you take that aroma, multiply it times two And you think about Sue (Sour-smelling Sue!) She's a girl that has the power to kill a fresh flower Rock smelled the whore and said (Damn that bitch is sour!) Now, I don't judge, I mean that's not what I'm thinking People do what they want, and I guess she like stinking But whatever the deal, I think someone should call Guiness Cause this is kicking a scent that fucks up K's tennis shoes And a dress, dress it fresh to impress She really ought to be embarrassed because that girl is a mess If you ever see her, you'll duck and cover She looks like your sister but smells like your brother And since they tell me Trey, honestly phrase: I let her know that she reminded me of the Gunsmoke days But it ain't no (thing) if she stink she'll (sing) But to me it's like she needs a little (Irish Spring) You ought to know what I'm saying, I hope I made myself clear About the three ass whores, but Troll I'm out of here [Outro: The D.O.C.] Yo yo yo, these three people make me so sick that I gotta go 1988 on it Tammy your momma ain't got no legs be talking about  I ain't gonna stand for this.. Ha ha ha ha! [Dr. Rock] Boy you sick man! You sick! Yeah yeah [Fresh K] Yo man! I gotta story from 1988, check it out Sue, you got so much butter on your teeth  that when you brush your teeth you have to use a butter knife Ha ha ha ha! [Dr. Rock] Get ready for the king, here I come, now check this out Sour smelling Sue got so much dirt in her ear  that she can grow potatoes, Ha ha ha ha! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: N.W.A. Album: Straight Outta Compton Song: Straight Outta Compton You are now about to witness the strength of street knowledge Verse One: Ice Cube Straight outta Compton, crazy motherfucker named Ice Cube From the gang called Niggaz With Attitudes When I'm called off, I got a sawed off Squeeze the trigger, and bodies are hauled off You too, boy, if ya fuck with me The police are gonna hafta come and get me Off yo ass, that's how I'm goin out For the punk motherfuckers that's showin out Niggaz start to mumble, they wanna rumble Mix em and cook em in a pot like gumbo Goin off on a motherfucker like that with a gat that's pointed at yo ass So give it up smooth Ain't no tellin when I'm down for a jack move Here's a murder rap to keep yo dancin with a crime record like Charles Manson AK-47 is the tool Don't make me act the motherfuckin fool Me you can go toe to toe, no maybe I'm knockin niggaz out tha box, daily yo weekly, monthly and yearly until them dumb motherfuckers see clearly that I'm down with the capital C-P-T Boy you can't fuck with me So when I'm in your neighborhood, you better duck Coz Ice Cube is crazy as fuck As I leave, believe I'm stompin but when I come back, boy, I'm comin straight outta Compton Chorus: [City of Compton, City of Compton] [Eazy E] Yo Ren [MC Ren] Whassup? [Eazy E] Tell em where you from! Verse Two: MC Ren Straight outta Compton, another crazy ass nigga More punks I smoke, yo, my rep gets bigger I'm a bad motherfucker and you know this But the pussy ass niggaz don't show this But I don't give a fuck, I'ma make my snaps If not from the records, from jackin the crops Just like burglary, the definition is 'jackin' And when illegally armed it's called 'packin' Shoot a motherfucker in a minute I find a good piece o' pussy, I go up in it So if you're at a show in the front row I'm a call you a bitch or dirty-ass ho You'll probably get mad like a bitch is supposed to But that shows me, slut, you're composed to a crazy muthafucker from tha street Attitude legit cause I'm tearin up shit MC Ren controls the automatic For any dumb muthafucker that starts static Not the right hand cause I'm the hand itself  every time I pull a AK off the shelf  The security is maximum and that's a law R-E-N spells Ren but I'm raw See, coz I'm the motherfuckin villain The definition is clear, you're the witness of a killin that's takin place without a clue And once you're on the scope, your ass is through Look, you might take it as a trip but a nigga like Ren is on a gangsta tip Straight outta Compton... Chorus: [City of Compton, City of Compton] [Dr. Dre] Eazy is his name and the boy is comin... Verse Three: Eazy-E ...straight outta Compton is a brotha that'll smother yo' mother and make ya sister think I love her Dangerous motherfucker raises hell And if I ever get caught I make bail See, I don't give a fuck, that's the problem I see a motherfuckin cop I don't dodge him But I'm smart, lay low, creep a while And when I see a punk pass, I smile To me it's kinda funny, the attitude showin a nigga drivin but don't know where the fuck he's going, just rollin lookin for the one they call Eazy But here's a flash, they never seize me Ruthless! Never seen like a shadow in the dark except when I unload, see I'll get over the hesitation and hear the scream of the one who got the last penetration Give a little gust of wind and I'm jettin But leave a memory no one'll be forgettin So what about the bitch who got shot? Fuck her! You think I give a damn about a bitch? I ain't a sucker! This is the autobiography of the E, and if you ever fuck with me You'll get taken by a stupid dope brotha who will smother word to the motherfucker, straight outta Compton Chorus: [City of Compton, City of Compton] [Damn that shit was dope!] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: N.W.A Album: Straight Outta Compton Song: Fuck Tha Police Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [MC Ren as Court Officer] Right about now, N.W.A. court is in full effect Judge Dre presiding In the case of N.W.A. vs. the Police Department; prosecuting attourneys are: MC Ren, Ice Cube,  and Eazy-motherfuckin-E [Dr. Dre as The Judge] Order, order, order Ice Cube, take the motherfuckin stand Do you swear to tell the truth, the whole truth and nothin but the truth so help your black ass? [Ice Cube as Witness] You god damn right! [Dr. Dre] Well won't you tell everybody what the fuck you gotta say? [Ice Cube] Fuck the police comin straight from the underground A young nigga got it bad cause I'm brown And not the other color so police think they have the authority to kill a minority Fuck that shit, cause I ain't the one for a punk motherfucker with a badge and a gun to be beatin on, and thrown in jail We can go toe to toe in the middle of a cell Fuckin with me cause I'm a teenager with a little bit of gold and a pager Searchin my car, lookin for the product Thinkin every nigga is sellin narcotics You'd rather see, me in the pen than me and Lorenzo rollin in a Benz-o Beat a police out of shape and when I'm finished, bring the yellow tape To tape off the scene of the slaughter Still gettin swoll off bread and water I don't know if they fags or what Search a nigga down, and grabbin his nuts And on the other hand, without a gun they can't get none But don't let it be a black and a white one Cause they'll slam ya down to the street top Black police showin out for the white cop Ice Cube will swarm on ANY motherfucker in a blue uniform Just cause I'm from, the CPT Punk police are afraid of me! HUH, a young nigga on the warpath And when I'm finished, it's gonna be a bloodbath of cops, dyin in L.A. Yo Dre, I got somethin to say {*"Fuck the police" -> cut and scratched 4X*} Example of scene one [Cop] Pull your god damn ass over right now [NWA] Aww shit, now what the fuck you pullin me over for? [Cop] Cause I feel like it!   Just sit your ass on the curb and shut the fuck up [NWA] Man, fuck this shit [Cop] Aight smartass, I'm takin your black ass to jail! [Dr. Dre] MC Ren, will you please give your testimony  to the jury about this fucked up incident? [MC Ren]  Fuck the police and Ren said it with authority because the niggaz on the street is a majority A gang, is with whoever I'm steppin and the motherfuckin weapon is kept in  a stash box, for the so-called law Wishin Ren was a nigga that they never saw Lights start flashin behind me But they're scared of a nigga so they mace me to blind me But that shit don't work, I just laugh because it gives em a hint, not to step in my path For police, I'm sayin, "Fuck you punk!" Readin my rights and shit, it's all junk Pullin out a silly club, so you stand with a fake-assed badge and a gun in your hand But take off the gun so you can see what's up And we'll go at it punk, and I'ma fuck you up! Make you think I'ma kick your ass but drop your gat, and Ren's gonna blast I'm sneaky as fuck when it comes to crime But I'ma smoke 'em now and not next time Smoke any motherfucker that sweats me or any asshole, that threatens me I'm a sniper with a hell of a scope Takin out a cop or two, they can't cope with me The motherfuckin villian that's mad With potential, to get bad as fuck So I'ma turn it around Put in my clip, yo, and this is the sound {*BOOM, BOOM*} Yeah, somethin like that but it all depends on the size of the gat Takin out a police, would make my day But a nigga like Ren don't give a fuck to say {*"Fuck the police" -> cut and scratched 4X*} [Cop] {*knocking on the door*} [NWA] Yeah man, what you need? [Cop] Police, open now [NWA] Aww shit [Cop] We have a warrant for Eazy-E's arrest [Cop] Get down and put your hands up where I can see 'em   (Move motherfucker, move now!) [NWA] What the fuck did I do, man what did I do? [Cop] Just shut the fuck up   and get your motherfuckin ass on the floor   (You heard the man, shut the fuck up!) [NWA] But I didn't do shit [Cop] Man just shut the fuck up! [Dr. Dre]  Eazy-E, won't you step up to the stand and tell the jury how you feel about this bullshit? [Eazy-E] I'm tired of the motherfuckin jackin Sweatin my gang, while I'm chillin in the shack, and shinin the light in my face, and for what? Maybe it's because I kick so much butt I kick ass -- or maybe cause I blast on a stupid-assed nigga when I'm playin with the trigger of any Uzi or an AK Cause the police always got somethin stupid to say They put out my picture with silence Cause my identity by itself causes violence The E with the criminal behavior Yeah, I'm a gangsta, but still I got flavor Without a gun and a badge, what do ya got? A sucker in a uniform waitin to get shot by me, or another nigga And with a gat it don't matter if he's smaller or bigger (MC Ren: Size ain't shit, he's from the old school fool) And as you all know, E's here to rule Whenever I'm rollin, keep lookin in the mirror And ears on cue, yo, so I can hear a dumb motherfucker with a gun And if I'm rollin off the 8, he'll be the one that I take out, and then get away While I'm drivin off laughin this is what I'll say {*"Fuck the police" -> cut and scratched 4X*} The verdict [Dre] The jury has found you guilty of bein a redneck,    white bread, chickenshit motherfucker [Cop] But wait, that's a lie! That's a god damn lie! [Dre] Get him out of here! [Cop] I want justice! [Dre] Get him the fuck out my face! [Cop] I want justice! [Dre] Out, RIGHT NOW! [Cop] FUCK YOU, YOU BLACK MOTHER-FUCKERRRRRRRRRRRRS! Fuck the police! (repeat 3X) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: N.W.A. Album: Straight Outta Compton Song: Gangsta Gangsta Verse One: Ice Cube Here's a little somethin' bout a nigga like me never shoulda been let out the penititary Ice Cube would like ta say That I'm a crazy mutha fucka from around the way Since I was a youth, I smoked weed out Now I'm the mutha fucka that ya read about Takin' a life or two that's what the hell I do, you don't like how I'm livin well fuck you! This is a gang, and I'm in it My man Dre'll fuck you up in a minute With a right left, right left you're toothless And then you say goddamn they ruthless! Everwhere we go they say [damn!] N W A's fuckin' up tha program And then you realize we don't care We don't just say no, we to busy sayin' yeah! To drinkin' straight out the eight bottle Do I look like a mutha fuckin role model? To a kid lookin' up ta me Life ain't nothin but bitches and money. Cause I'm tha type o' nigga that's built ta last If ya fuck wit me I'll put a foot in ya ass See I don't give a fuck 'cause I keep bailin Yo, what the fuck are they yellin Chorus: Gangsta, Gangsta! That's what they're yellin "It's not about a salary, it's all about reality" - KRS One Gangsta, Gangsta! That's what they're yellin "Hopin you sophisticated motherfuckers hear what I have to say" Verse Two: Ice Cube When me and my posse stepped in the house All the punk-ass niggaz start breakin out Cause you know, they know whassup So we started lookin for the bitches with the big butts Like her, but she keep cryin "I got a boyfriend" Bitch stop lyin Dumb-ass hooker ain't nuttin but a dyke Suddenly I see, some niggaz that I don't like Walked over to em, and said, "Whassup?" The first nigga that I saw, hit em in the jaw Ren started stompin em, and so did E By that time got rushed by security Out the door, but we don't quit Ren said, "Let's start some shit!" I got a shotgun, and here's the plot Takin niggaz out with a flurry of buckshots Boom boom boom, yeah I was gunnin And then you look, all you see is niggaz runnin and fallin and yellin and pushin and screamin and cussin, I stepped back, and I kept bustin And then I realized it's time for me to go So I stopped, jumped in the vehicle It's like this, because of that who-ride N.W.A. is wanted for a homicide Cause I'm the type of nigga that's built to last Fuck wit me, I'll put my foot in your ass See I don't give a fuck, cause I keep bailin Yo, what the fuck are they yellin? Chorus: Gangsta, Gangsta! That's what they're yellin "It's not about a salary, it's all about reality" - KRS One Gangsta, Gangsta! That's what they're yellin "He'll tell you exactly how he feel, and don't want a fuckin thing back" Verse Three: Ice Cube Homies all standin around, just hangin Some dope-dealin, some gang-bangin We decide to roll and we deep See a nigga on Dayton's and we creep Real slow, and before you know I had my shotgun pointed in the window He got scared, and hit the gas Right then, I knew I has to smoke his ass He kept rollin, I jumped in the bucket We couldn't catch him, so I said fuck it Then we headed right back to the fort Sweatin all the bitches in the biker shorts We didn't get no play, from the ladies With six niggaz in a car are you crazy? She was scared, and it was showin We all said "Fuck you bitch!" and kept goin To the hood, and we was fin to Find somethin else to get into Like some pussy, or in fact A bum rush, but we call it rat pack On a nigga for nuttin at all Ice Cube'll go stupid when I'm full of eight ball I might stumble, but I won't lose Now I'm dressed in the county blues Cause I'm the type of nigga that's built to last If you Fuck wit me, I'll put my foot in your ass I don't give a fuck, cause I keep bailin Yo, what the fuck are they yellin? Interlude: Ice Cube, Dr. Dre [Wait a minute, wait a minute, cut this shit] {Man whatcha gonna do now?} "What we're gonna do right here is go way back" [How far you goin back?] "Way back" "As we go a lil somethin like this" - Slick Rick Here's a lil gangsta, short in size A t-shirt and Levi's is his only disguise Built like a tank yet hard to hit Ice Cube and Eazy E cold runnin shit Verse Four: Eazy E, MC Ren Well I'm Eazy E the one they're talkin about Nigga tried to roll the dice and just crapped out Police tried to roll, so it's time to go I creeped away real slow and jumped in the six-fo' Wit the "Diamond in the back, sun-roof top" Diggin the scene with the gangsta lean Cause I'm the E, I don't slang or bang I just smoke motherfuckers like it ain't no thang And all you bitches, you know I'm talkin to you "We want to fuck you Eazy!" I want to fuck you too Cause you see, I don't really take no shit [So let me tell you motherfuckers who you're fuckin with] Cause I'm the type of nigga that's built to last If you Fuck wit me, I'll put my foot in your ass I don't give a fuck, cause I keep bailin Yo, what the fuck are they yellin? Chorus: Gangsta, Gangsta! That's what they're yellin "It's not about a salary, it's all about reality" - KRS One Gangsta, Gangsta! That's what they're yellin "He'll fuck up you and yours, and anything that gets in his way" Gangsta, Gangsta! That's what they're yellin "It's not about a salary, it's all about reality" - KRS One Gangsta, Gangsta! That's what they're yellin "He'll just call you a low-life motherfucker, and talk about your  funky ways" The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: N.W.A. Album: Straight Outta Compton Song: If it Ain't Ruff [MC Ren:] Ren is the villain and you're just an hostage so whenever I'm steppin cover your head like an ostrich Groupies been waitin for this, suckers been hatin for this You know why ? Because so many are relatin to this Jealous is how they feel it intentionally but they start to love it becoz I made it eventually Pumpin the music I keep the music like pumpin coz Ren ain't in here for nuthin, I keep the average crowd jumpin Yo, you know the color, the villain's in black Always down to make noise, and attack So you better get back unless you wanna come with it and make your face like a target and close your eyes when I hit it You're screamin with fear but it's with fear that you're screamin you're wakin up in a sweat coz Ren is givin bad dreams and I'm not schemin, I'm just tellin the facts That's how it is when N.W.A. starts to jack So brothers that wanna scrap with me That sweezin and sneezin will have to lap with me especially beggin to write some lyrics with me I just snatch your girl to take a nap with me coz when it comes to Ren there's no comparison And if you try to be me, it's quite embarassin but I understand coz you're mentally slow coz I can tell from the jump you're too nervous to go If it aint' ruff it ain't me (scratch) [Tha gangsta's black and he's about to attack] If it ain't ruff it ain't me (scratch) Lemme bust a freestyle here [Allright then] I can tell that you're afraid to fight me simple because you lost the crowd and they had to invite me becoz you're sweat as a puddle but there's a puddle o' sweat I'm a threath, so get a cold rag and wipe your neck and clean the dirt off your face that calls acne It's ridiculous thinkin that you can jack me This is the round where the punch will go until ya A G-A-T that's known as a flow I'm makin a point but it's a point that I'm makin Like, see, I'm hatin the fakin I keep the suckers like shakin Scared to speak with a tongue and they're chozen The sound of my voice in their ear and they're frozen This is a battle to the death, it's like the [?? same ol' ??] against a brother on a tip, with [??] Givin a pain but it's with pain that I'm givin but I'm comparin and tearin'em but I'm makin a livin with the hype of a 9 Volt battery and the odds for me to conquer is averagely good Meanin I'm a flow I'm from the streets so, yo, I'm ready to go If it ain't ruff it ain't me [Yo Ren] [Tha gangsta's black and he's about to attack] If it ain't ruff it ain't me  [Man whatcha gonna do now ?] [get funky] The 'do not disturb' sign is in effect while I'm thinkin of a fool to select to give the victim the verdict so for the verdict a victim slammin my vocals on a dance with the rest then I kick them Tell'em they're guilty, and beep out the bailer and get a new track o' drums so I can play with percussion; pumpin it loud when I perform Yo, you wanna play in my game, put on a uniform It ain't a rule in the book you have to go by Hey, coz when it comes to cheatin yo you should know I for fear in the hearts coz it's the hearts full of fear coz what you hear in your ear is something funky and clear The hump was incredible yo but Ren he was super But now I'm ruthless, a civilian and not a trooper but a soldier with a top rankin givin dope material, the hell with the gankin So play like an airplane and just jet and keep your blood pressure low coz I'm a [??], if not I'm afraid of the show that you're a sucker and you're too nervous to go If it ain't ruff it ain't me [Yo Ren] [The gangsta's black and he's about to attack] If it ain't ruff it ain't me [Yo Ren] [The gangsta's black] If it ain't ... If it ain't (scratching) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: N.W.A. f/ The D.O.C. Album: Straight Outta Compton Song: Parental Discretion Iz Advised Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Dr. Dre] One, two, three, kick it [The D.O.C.] Aiyyo Dre, what's goin on man? What's goin on? Ay what ch'all gonna do for this last record? Nah tell me what cha'all gonna do? Okay, you want me to do the intro? Aight! Parental discretion is advised for the moment While I'm getting candid, now understand it Ain't too typical in any way, though the pro on the mic is the D.O. to the C. this is an intro I know the DOC makes you want to take a valium So buy a bucket cause upcomin is my album And for the record, meanin my record, check it Listen to the single and you'll be like, yo, I gotta get it But in the meantime, listen to the rhyme of the Dr. Dre, played wit N.W.A. Yella's on the drum roll, rockin the beat Aiyyo Dre, where's you gonna take this shit man? [Dr. Dre] Aiyyo, let's take it to the street (WORD UP!) Let 'em understand perfection Let knowledge be the tool for suckers to stop guessin Cause I don't give a fuck about a radio play Observed the english I display Lyrics for the adults, children have been barred and scarred from listenin to somethin so motherfuckin HARD Dope, pumpin that's so my shit will never falter Yo it's Dre so fuck the "Mind of Minolta" Psycho, like no, other motherfucker So step to me wrong, G-O for what you N-O But be warned, never will I leave like a regular Cause I'm a little better than the regular competitor I use to see 'em on stage Earnin money like a thief, but without a guage Until I got full, of clockin the lame gettin pull (They said you wasn't gon' get paid) Nah that's bullshit! They like it stylistic And I enchant the crowd like I'm a mystic (C-C-C-C) C-C-C-cameras are flashin, when I'm in action A photo, or fresh with a flair for fashion Pure simplicity, see it's elementary You hear one of the hardest motherfuckers this century Try to comprise a word to the wise and the guys Parental discretion is advised [MC Ren] Ren is most extremely high performance The black hat cause I worn this, cause it's like enormous Some shit I don't take it, not even in a toliet And shit from a sucker, put in a pot and I'll boil it Turn up the pilot as it burns And maybe, the motherfuckers will learn I'm not a sub, cause I speak sensible Not considered a prince, cause I'm a principal I'm engineerin; the shit that you're hearin Cause when it comes to power, I'm power steerin Silly you say, I say you're silly when you say it Rushin to the eject, to put my shit in and play it It's like Apollo, but I'm not an amateur And I'm not givin a fuck, while I'm damagin ya It's for the record; so Ren's lyrics is gonna spin it And if there was a trophy involved, I'll win it Possession is mine and I'm the holder Cause a nigga like Ren don't give a fuck cause I'm older So for you to step off would be wise And say fuck it, parental discretion is advised [Ice Cube] I be what is known as a bandit You gotta hand it to me when you truly understand it Cause if you fail to see, read it in braile It'll still be funky -- so what's next is the flex of a genius, my rapid-stutter-steppin if you seen this dope, you hope that I don't really mean this But if played, made the grade or high-top fade It's not my trademark when I get loose in the dark You guess it was a test of a different style It's just another motherfucker on the pile Drivin your ass with the flow of your tongue You hung yourself short, the after-knowledge was brung to your attention, by the hardest motherfuckin artist that is know for lynchin any sucker in a minute Stagger 'em all When I start flowin like Niagara Falls Ice Cube is equipped to rip shit in a battle Move like a snake when I'm mad; and then my tail rattle I get low on the flow so let your kids know When I bust, parental discretion is a must [Eazy-E] Little did they know, that I would be arrivin And it's surprisin, rockin it from where I been But it's the E here to take, no mistake to be made in the trade where funky ass records are bein played Fuck the regular, yo as I get better the bitches wanna trick and go stupid up on the dick So I get 'em hot, thinkin they're gonna get it As they sit, rubbin their legs like a cricket To you it may be funny, but there's no service of beef, without money So slip the C-note, and you can choke on a wing-ding-ding-a-ling down your throat Foreplay; to me ain't shit When you spread 'em I'm ready, then you can get the dick of the Eaze, if you can deal with the size But if you can't, parental discretion's advised! {*echoes*} {*bass guitar and piano solo for a minute*} [Unknown voice at the end after band breaks down] Shut the fuck up!! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: N.W.A. Album: Straight Outta Compton Song: 8 Ball (Remix) Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash "Kick that shit!" -> Flavor Flav {*scratched*} "City of Compton!" {*scratched*} "City of Compton!" {*echoes*} Cool kickin ass {*scratch*} cool kickin ass {*scratch*} Cool kickin ass {*scratch*} "Kich that shit!" "Pull up a chair.." -> Rakim {*echoes*} [Verse One: Eazy-E] I don't drink brass monkey, like to be funky Nickname Eazy-E yo' 8 ball junkie Bass drum kickin, to show my shit Rappin holdin my dick boy, I don't quit Crowd rockin motherfucker from around the way I got a six-shooter, yo' mean I'm brave Rollin through the hood, to find the boys to kick dust and cuss, crank up some noise Police on my drawers, I have to pause 40 ounce in my lap and it's freezin my balls I hook a right turn and let the boys go past then I say to myself, "They can kiss my ass!" Hip to get drunk got the 8 in my lips Put in the old tape Marvin Gaye's greatest hits Turn the shit up had the bass cold whompin Cruisin through the Eastside, South of Compton See a big ass, and I say word I took a look at the face, and the bitch was to the curb Hoes on my tip for the title I'm holdin Eazy-E's fucked up and got the 8 ball rollin I, was.. "Cool kickin ass" I, was.. "Raised in L.A." I, was.. "Cruisin down the street in my six-fo'" -> Eazy {"Too, much, posse!" -> Flavor Flav} [Verse Two: Eazy-E] Ridin on Slausson lookin for Crenshaw Turned down the sound, to ditch the law Stopped at a light and had a fit cause a Mexican almost wrecked my shit Flipped his ass off, put it to the floor Bottle was empty so I went to the store Nigga on tilt cause I was drunk See a sissy-ass punk, had to go in my trunk Reached inside cause it's like that Came back out with a silver gat Fired at the punk, and it was all because I had to show the nigga what time it was Pulled out the jammy and like a mirage a sissy like that got out of Dodge Sucka on me cause the title I'm holdin Eazy-E's fucked up and got the 8 ball rollin "Fuck it up y'all!" -> repeat 6X {"YEAH!!!", *guitar riff* -> Beastie Boys} [Verse Three: Eazy-E] Olde English 800 cause that's my brand Take it in a bottle, 40, quart, or can Drink it like a madman, yes I do Fuck the police and a 502 Stepped in the party, I was drunk as hell Three bitches already said, "Eric yo' breath smells!" 40 ounce in hand, that's what I got "Yo man you see Eazy earlin in the parkin lot?" Stepped on your foot, cold dissed yo' hoe Asked her to dance and she said, "Hell no!" Called her a bitch cause that's the rule "Bitch, who you callin a bitch?!" Boys in the hood tryin to keep me cool You tell my homeboy you wanna kick my butt I walked in your face and we get 'em up I start droppin the dogs, and wathc you fold Just dumb full of cum, got knocked out cold "Made you look sick you snotty-nosed prick!  Now your fly bitch is all over his dick!" Punk got dropped cause the title I'm holdin Eazy-E's fucked up and got the 8 ball rollin "Stomp a mudhole in your ass!" -> Flavor Flav "Stomp a mudhole in your ass, BITCH!" -> Flav [Verse Four: Eazy-E] Pass the brew motherfucker while I tear shit up  and y'all listen up close to roll call Eazy-E's in the place I got money and juice Rendezvous with me and we make the deuce Dre makes the beats so god damn funky Do the Olde 8, fuck the brass monkey Ice Cube writes the rhymes, that I say Hail to the niggaz from C.I.A. Crazy D is down and in effect We make hardcore jams, so fuck respect Make a toast punky-punk to the title I'm holdin Eazy-E's fucked up and got the 8 ball rollin {*scratched*} "City of Compton!" {*scratched*} "City of Compton!" {*echoes*} {*scratched*} "City of Compton!" {*scratched to end*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: N.W.A. Album: Straight Outta Compton Song: Something Like That [Dre] Ah yeah, yo Ren, yo ready to do this shit ? [Ren] Yeah, Dre, let's rip shit up [Dre] Hey, yo Yella Boy, why don't you kick me one of them   funky beats ? [Ren] Yo, we got my homeboy Eazy E in the house [Dre] Compton's definately in the house. Yo Ren, whatta we gonna    call this ? Tell'em what yo name is ? [Ren] Yeah something like that [Dre] Allright, let's kick this shit on the one   Kick it [Ren] Back by demand, now it's big as fuck because you as the public, you should know what's up "Compton's in the House" was more than gold, it was a hit cause it was based on some crazy shit So our final conclusion has been permitted Punks made us a target and knew that we'd hit it But that was a part of showbizz [Dre] Hey yo homeboy, why don't you tell'em what your name is ? [Ren] Well for the record it's Ren, and for the street it's villain And strapped with a gat, it's more like Matt Dillon on "Gunsmoke", but not a man of the law I'm just the baddest motherfucker that you ever saw See, I peep and then I creep on a fool Get my bloodpressure high but still stay cool Dig a grave of a nigga lookin' up to me that really had the nerve that he could fuck with me Who was the man in the mass, while I was waitin' to axe  you know, it's MC Ren kickin' mucho ass Gettin' respect in showbizz Hey yo homeboy [Dre: Whassup ?] Why don't you tell'em what yo name is ? [Dre] Dre, the motherfuckin' doctor, bitch hopper The sucker-motherfucker stopper Back with a vocal track that's a fresh one so now, let's get the motherfuckin' session  goin', flowin'. It's time to start throwin' rhymes. So keep in mind all the suckers I'm blowin' cause I'm a start showin' the time Never sayin' I'm the best and just goin' for mine Unlike a lotta suckers who claim they're gettin' busy when their records only make good frisbees You need to stop runnin' off the mouth Stop and think before you put some whack bullshit out It's not difficult, in fact it's kinda simple to create something funky that's original You need to talk about the place to be who you are, what you got, about a suck MC [Dre] Oh yeah, that's what I'm talkin' about, Ren,   You know what I'm sayin' ? [Ren] Yeah, I know what you're sayin', Dre, but you   still ain't told'em enough, man [Dre] Allright, Allright   Well, let's kick one more verse right here, allright   Kick it [Dre]+[Ren] This is portable, something to fuck with yo ear Ren and Dre will appear when the sound is clear to fuck it up like we always do, and that's the trick Sayin' some shit to make the bitches wanna suck our dicks But it's an everyday thang communicating to y'all with the Compton slang Compton's back in the house and your appartment so open your door, by the way, so we can start it Test the monitors and call this mic cause the way we feel, we're gonna fuck it up tonight I got my mic in my hand, with a hell of a grip Bitches screamin' and shit, now it's a trip Waitin' for the grand finale, or the end or stupid rhymes set be Dre and Ren Well, like a kid, we get new shoes and go faster Smilin', like hell, as we move past the suckers, the motherfuckers with the ego hype cause we're positive and they're on a negative type and if think we're about to quit... motherfucker you ain't heard shit [Dre] Yeah, that shit was funky, you know what I'm sayin', Ren ? [Ren] I know what you're sayin', this is MC Ren and Dr.Dre   cold kickin' it in the place [Dre] Ah yeah, my mellow Eazy E in the house   Yella Boy in the house   my boy Ice Cube   Arabian Prince cold rockin' shit [Ren] Oh yeah, hey, I'm a say whassup to my homeboys from CNW [Dre] Yeah, hey, yo Ren, whatta we gonna call this shit ?   Tell'em what yo name is ? [Ren] Yeah something like that... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: N.W.A. Album: Straight Outta Compton Song: Express Yourself Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Dr. Dre] Yo man there's a lot of brothers out there  flakin and perpetratin but scared to kick reality [Ice Cube] Man, you been doin all this dope producin You ain't had a chance to show 'em what time it is [Dr. Dre] So what you want me to do? 	{Express yourself!} [Dr. Dre] I'm expressin with my full capabilities And now I'm livin in correctional facilities Cause some don't agree with how I do this I get straight and meditate like a Buddhist I'm droppin flava, my behaviour is hereditary But my technique is very necessary Blame it on Ice Cube; because he said it gets funky when you got a subject and a predicate Add it on a dope beat; and it'll make you think Some suckers just tickle me pink - to my stomach Cause they don't flow like this one You know what? I won't hesitate to diss one or two before I'm through, so don't try to sing this Some drop science; while I'm droppin english Even if Yella, makes it a-capella I still express, yo, I don't smoke weed or sess Cause it's known to give a brother brain damage And brain damage on the mic don't manage - NUTHIN but makin a sucka and you equal Don't be another sequel.. {Express yourself!} 	{Express yourself!} 	{Go on and do it..} 	{Express yourself!} 	{Express yourself!} 	{Go on and do it..} [Dr. Dre] Now, gettin back to the PG That's program, and it's easy Dre is back, new jacks are made hollow Expressin ain't their subject because they like to follow the words, the style, the trend; the records I spin Again and again and again - yo, you're on the other end Whatch a brother blend dope rhymes, with no help There's no fessin or guessin while I'm expressin myself It's crazy to see people be what society wants them to be, but not me RUTHLESS, is the way to go, they know Others say rhymes which fail to be original or they kill where the hip-hop starts Forget about the ghetto, and rap for the pop charts Some musicians cuss at home But scared to use profanity when upon the microphone Yeah, they want reality, but you will hear none They'd rather exaggerate a little fiction Some say no to drugs, and take a stand But after the show, they go lookin for the "Dopeman" Or they ban my group from the radio Hear N.W.A. and say, "Hell no!" But you know it ain't all about wealth As long as you make a note to.. {Express yourself!} 	{Express yourself!} 	{Go on and do it..} 	{Express yourself!} 	{Express yourself!} 	{Go on and do it..} [Dr. Dre] {Express yourself!} .. from the heart cause if you wanna start to move up the chart then expression is a big part of it You ain't efficient when you flow, you ain't swift Movin like a tortoise, full of rigor mortis There's a little bit more to show I got rhymes in my mind, embedded like an embryo or a lesson - all of 'em expression And if you start fessin, I got a Smith and Wessun for ya I might ignore your record because it has no bottom I get loose in the summer winter spring and autumn It's Dre on the mic, gettin physical Doin' the job, N.W.A is the lynch mob! Yes I'ma climb, but you know you need this And the knowledge is growin just like a fetus or a tumor, but here is the rumor Dre is in the neighborhood and he's up to no good When I start expressin myself, Yella, slam it Cause if I stay funky like this I'm doin damage Or I'ma be too hyped, and need a straight jacket I got knowledge, and other suckers lack it So, when you see Dre, a DJ on the mic Ask what it's like - it's like we're gettin hyped tonight Cause if I strike, it ain't for your good health But I won't strike if you just.. {Express yourself!} 	{Express yourself!} 	{Go on and do it..} 	{Express yourself!} 	{Express yourself!} 	{Go on and do it..} 	{Express yourself!} 	{Go on and do it..} 	{Go on and do it..} {*music fades*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: N.W.A. Album: Straight Outta Compton Song: Compton's N the House Ah yeah, right about now Compton's in de mothafuckin' house [yeah do it do it] NWA's in full effect Hey yo yella boy, kick me that funky-ass beat Yeah, who's in de mothafuckin' house? Compton's in the mothafuckin' house! Yeah, Compton's definetly in the house Hey yo Ren, what we're gonna do? [MC Ren] To the people over here To the people out there To the people, the people, the people, people, the people, people From everywhere watching the show Paying top dolars because they know When we're on the stage, we're in a mothafuckin' range So Dre, why don't you get the 12 guage [yeah] And show 'em how Eazy-Duz-It So if you punks wanna make somethin' of it Step up, run up, get up, what's up sucker You want some of this? Then you're a stupid mothafucka! Kickin' - like the kick from a kickdrum Yella boy on the drum gettin' dumb Programmin' - a beat that's hittin' And if you listen then you know we're not bullshittin' Dope - like a pound or a key So shut de fuck up and listen to me I make these killings I got money to the ceiling [why's that?] Cuz I'm a mothafuckin' ruthless villain MC Ren - stamping any fool in my way With some help from my homeboy Dre [Dr. Dre] Now my name iz Dre - de mothafuckin' doctor Rippin' shit up [oh yeah] and here to rock ya With some help from my homeboy E The criminal of the ruthless posse Fuckin' it up [word up] iz what we do The reputation of the NWA crew Gettin' busy because we're cold stampin' And we're born and raised And we're born and raised And we're born and raised in Compton Speakin' of Compton, it's makin' me sick [why?] Everybody'z talkin' that crazy shit Sayin' they were raised in the CPT [aha] Just as I was, they try to be like me Poppin' that shit, get the fuck out my face Knowin' that they never even seen the place Claimin' my city is my city they claim Mothafuckaz we're about to put some salt in your game .. Yeah I'm tired of these mothafuckerz runnin' around town, talkin' about they're from Compton and shit, tryin' to get on the bandwagon .. Yeah Dre, I know what you're sayin' man, but let's tell 'em who we're talkin' about .. WHAT DO YOU CALL A CREW THAT CAN RAP LIKE THAT ...? yo NWA call 'em mothafuckaz wack.. [yeah you know what time it iz, listen to why we call 'em wack] They got a wacky wack record put o' wacky wack crews Yo what about the lyrics? That shit's wacky wack too With a fucked up style and a fucked up show Hey yo Ren, what about the scratchin', is it def? Fuck no! The mothafuckin' record is a mothafuckin' wack  The mothafuckin' cracka jack needs to step the fuck back ... Do you want some of this? Hell no .. Dre the mothafuckin' doctor Well for the record it's Ren and for the street it's Villain Dre the mothafuckin' doctor Well for the record it's Ren and for the street it's Villain Yella boy, why don't you kick me one of them funky-ass beats? My boy .. my boy .. my boy Ice Cube Yo we got my homeboy Eazy E in de house won't you tell 'em what your name iz? [MC Ren] MC Ren is the mothafuckin' Coroner I'm gettin' rid of mothafuckaz as if they was a foreigner Show no crip to pretend when I'm seen I punch you can block it but I'm a still get in This ain't a TK yo in the first But it's some shit from a nigga in black it's much worse Then a beat from Tyson cuz Ren is not nice and Your ass is better off just rollin' a dice and Findin' you a number for luck Cuz you all need it when you see I don't give a fuck My identity, and the shit is gettin' shown Without a video I'm still gettin' on I'm at a show then my picture is takin' One click of the flash and punk niggaz are breakin' To the door, tryin' to join my fan club Lipstickin' over one of my dubs And it's the minimal scratch for the moment Until I fuck up the so called opponet That's standing in the zone of the twilight Sayin' how in de fuck did he get mixed up in my fight It was'nt a mistake, it was a set-up So until I'm finished poppin' my lyrics you should shut up And don't attempt to speak Because it's bad enough you rollin' up shit quick With a nigga like Ren about the hit Now lemme hear you mothafuckaz talk some more shit I'm a bust your ass in your mouth,  Yo, unless you're sayin' "Compton's in de house" [Dr. Dre] Who realy cares - about a sucker on a take off Bust de move, we can have a shake n' bake-off Me and you can go cuz I don't care yo Rap fight or guerilla warfare We can rumble, cuz when my lungs go in and out I kick rhymes in a bundle to win about Or scarier scaffle I just muffle the eye position, there's no competition Let 'em know that Dre is gettin' stronger Compton's in de house but now it's some' longer I won't get set-up, shut up, I'm kinda fed up You can say uncle and I still won't let up Cuz Dre is the mothafuckin' doctor And if me and Ren's on the mike it's like propaganda, no doubt "Boy you should've known by now" .. Compton's in the house Yeah, it's time to put Compton on de map, don't ever think you can get it on you stupid mothafuckaz! Compton's in the house .. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: N.W.A. (Ice Cube) Album: Straight Outta Compton Song: I Ain't tha One Intro: girl, Ice Cube [Ice Cube, do you think you could give me some money to get  my hair done?] How short's your hair right now? [Well you know I get it done every week, and I need my nails  done too] Look, I'ma tell you like this Verse One: I ain't the one, the one to get played like a pooh butt See I'm from the street, so I know what's up On these silly games that's played by the women I'm only happy when I'm goin up in em But you know, I'm a menace to society But girls in biker shorts are so fly to me So I step to em, with aggression Listen to the kid, and learn a lesson today See they think we narrow minded Cause they got a cute face, and big-behinded So I walk over and say "How ya doin?" See I'm only down for screwin, but you know ya gotta play it off cool Cause if they catch you slippin, you'll get schooled And they'll get you for your money, son Next thing you know you're gettin their hair and they nails done Fool, and they'll let you show em off But when it comes to sex, they got a bad cough Or a headache, it's all give and no take Run out of money, and watch your heart break They'll drop you like a bad habit cause a brother with money yo, they gotta have it Messin with me though, they gets none You can't juice Ice Cube girl, cause I ain't the one Interlude One: [Girrrrrl, you got to get these brothers for all the money  you can honey. Cause if they ain't got no money, they can't  do nothin for me but get out of my face.] [I know what you mean girl, it ain't nothin right jumpin off  unless he got dollars] Verse Two: Sometimes I used to wonder How the hell an ugly dude get a fine girl's number He's gettin juiced for his ducats I tell a girl in a minute yo, I drive a bucket And won't think nuttin of it She can ride or walk, either leave it or love it I show her that I'm not the O, the N-E, say I'm a ruthless N-I double-G A Cause I'm gamin on a female that's gamin on me You know I spell girl with a B A brother like me is only out for one thing I think with my ding-a-ling, but I won't bring no flowers to your doorstep, when we goin out Cause you'll take it for granted, no doubt And after the date, I'ma want to do the wild thing You want lobster huh? I'm thinking Burger King And when I take you, you get frustrated You can't juice Ice Cube and you hate it But you see, I don't go nuts Over girls like you with the BIG ol butts It start comin out the pocket, to knock it But when the damage is done... You can only lay me girl, you can't play me girl For the simple fact that, I ain't the one Interlude Two: [I don't care how they look if they got money,  we can hook up but they ain't gettin none.] [Yeah I just make em think they gonna get some,  play up they mind a lil bit, and get that money.] [Oh Ice Cube, can I have some money pleeeease?] Verse Three: Give you money why bother Cause you know I'm lookin nothin like your father Girl, I can't be played or ganked Ganked means getting took for your bank Or your gold or your money or something Nine times outta ten, she's giving up nothing They get mad when I put it in perspective But let's see if my knowledge is effective To the brothas man they robbing you blind Cause they fine with a big behind, but pay it no mind Keep your money to yourself homie and if you got enough game You'll get her name and her number Without going under You can't leave em and love and stay above em I used to get no play now she stay behind me Cause I said I had a Benz 190 But I lied and played the one Just to get some now she feels dumb To my homies it's funny But that's what you get trying to play me for my money Now don't you feel used But I don't give hoot, huh, because I knock boots You shouldn't be, so damn material And try to milk Ice Cube like cereal Now how many times do I have to say it Cause if I have to go get a gun You girls will learn I don't burn You think I'm a sucka, but I ain't the one Outro: [But you said you love me!] I don't see no rings on this finger [Why you doin me like this? I love you!] Yeah you love my money, I got what I wanted -- beat it The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: N.W.A. Album: Straight Outta Compton Song: Dopeman (Remix) Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Yo Dre!! [Ice Cube] It was once said by a man who couldn't quit "Dopeman," please can I have another hit The dopeman said, "Cluck, I don't give a shit if your girl kneel down, and suck my dick"  It all happened and the guy tried to choke her  Nigga didn't care, she ain't nothin but a smoker That's the way goes, that's the name of the game Young brother gettin over by slangin 'caine Gold around his neck in 14 K heaven Bitches clockin on his dick twenty-four/seven Plus he's makin money, keep the bassheads waitin Rollin six-fo' wit the fresh ass Daytons Livin in Compton, Cailfornia C-A His uzi up yo' ass if he don't get paid  Nigga beggin for credit, he's knockin out teeth  Clockin much dollars on the 1st and 15th  Big wad of money nuttin less than a twenty Yo you want a five-oh the dopeman's got plenty  To be a dopeman boy you must qualify Don't get high off your own supply  From a ki' to a G it's all about money Ten piece for a champ, bass pipe comes free If people out there are not hip to the fact If you see somebody gettin money for crack  he's the Chorus: N.W.A. Dopeman, dopeman! (Ay man, give me a hit) Dopeman, dopeman! (Yo man, fuck that shit!)  Dopeman, dopeman! (We just can't quit!) Dopeman, dopeman! (Well suck this bitch!) [Dr. Dre] Wait a minute, wait a minute Who the fuck are you talkin to? Do you know who the fuck I am?  Man I can't believe this shit This bitch is tryin to gank me Yo I oughta slap you upside yo' head  with nine inches of limp dick  [Ice Cube]  You need a nigga with money so you get a dopeman  Juice that fool for as much as you can  She like his car, and he get wit her  Got a black eye cause the dopeman hit her  Let that slide and you pay it no mind  Find that he's slappin you all the time  But that's okay, cause he's so rich Ain't you ain't nuttin but a dopeman's bitch  Do what he say and you keep your mouth shut Poppin that trash might get you fucked up Well sit and cry, if the dopeman strike you He don't give a fuck he got two just like you  There's another girl in the dopeman's life Not quite a bitch but far from a wife  She's called strawberry and everybody know strawberry strawberry is the neighborhood hoe  Do anything for a hit or two Give the bitch a rock she fucked the whole damn crew  It might be your wife and it might make you sick Come home and see her mouth on the dopeman's dick  Strawberry, just look and you'll see her  But don't fuck around she'll give you gonnorhea If people out there are not hip to the fact the strawberry is a girl sellin pussy for crack to the Chorus: N.W.A. Dopeman, dopeman! (Ay man, give me a hit) Dopeman, dopeman! (Yo man, fuck that shit!)  Dopeman, dopeman! (In yo' face) Dopeman, dopeman! "Yo Dre!! Kick in the bass!!" [Ice Cube] If you smoke 'caine, you a stupid motherfucker Known around the hood as the schoolyard clucker Doin that crack with all the money you got On your hands and knees, searchin for a piece of rock Jonesin for a hit, and you're lookin for mo' Done stole the Alpine out of Eazy's six-fo' You need your ass whupped cause it's out of this earth To get a ten-piece need a dollar fifty work Knucklehead nigga, yeah you turned into a crook but swear up and down boy that you ain't hooked You beat your friend up, and you whupped his ass long cause he hit the pipe til the rock was all gone You robbin and stealin, buggin and illin while the dopeman's dealin, what is healin yo' pain Cocaine, this shit's insane Yo E she's a berry, let's run a train (Man, I wouldn't touch that bitch) me neither Hoe go home and wash out your beaver And niggaz out there messin up people's health Yo, what the fuck you gotta say for yourself? [Eazy-E] Well I'm the dopeman, yeah boy, wear a courderoy Money up to here but unemployed You keep smokin that rock and my pockets gettin bigger (Yo, got that five-oh double up nigga!) Yeah high rollin, big money I'm foldin Bitch on my tip for the dick I'm holdin Sprung strawberry jockin me so early Hoe you wanna hit you gotta get your knees dirty Now that's my life, that's how it's cut "Hey dopeman!" Bitch, shut the fuck up! Gotta make a run, it's a big money deal Gankers got the fake but you can get the real from the Chorus: N.W.A. Dopeman, dopeman! (Yeah that's me) Dopeman, dopeman! (Yo can I get a G?)  Dopeman, dopeman! (Clock as much as he can) Fuck this shit who am I? THE DOPEMAN! [Eazy-E (as Mexican guy)] Yo Mr. Dopeman, you think you're slick You sold crack to my sister, and now she's sick But if she happens to die, because of your drug I'm puttin in your coolo, a thirty-eight slug The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: N.W.A. Album: Straight Outta Compton Song: Quiet on the Set [Listen to this] [Eazy E:] Yo Ren ! [MC Ren:] Whassup ? [Eazy E: Take] [one] [MC Ren: Yo] [Hit it] [MC Ren:] Ruthless, plenty of that and much more So at the party, Ren is controllin the floor that you step and do your danceroutine It ain't a dream my man, you're in a gangsta scene with a villain doin damage on a 24 track With confusion to finish my conclusion Arhytomatic rhymes from a radio cat You can't take what I got coz I'll be takin it right back [Ruthless gangsta] Cold killin You wanna know what it's means ? [definition...villain] With the stupid dope rhyme So once you hear one line you can tell it's mine With a baseball cap that's black that I'm wearin and a look that keeps you all starin and wondering why I'm invincible But when you hear my rhyme, it's convincible I don't take no shorts while I'm constructin the ground that makes y'all move around to my hell of a sound Girls drool on me like a dyin [Dr.Dre: Yo Ren, tell'em what they do when you start rhymin] I go to the party. I hip a hop the spot I dunno what it is, but the girls get hot aspirin like they're on fire and their so-called boyfriends with'em are retirin And for this reason I'm a walkin threath So when I'm on stage I want...[Ssssht] [Eazy E: Quiet on tha set] [Light, camera, action] [Eazy E: N.W.A. take] [two] [MC Ren:] Now to get started with my musical profession A gangsta or villain in mine is in session The way that I'm referrin to this makes ya move ya butt but don't stand in a daze, yeah you should know what's up Anyway I keep the clappin along coz nothing bad could go wrong because this song is so strong [?? huh ?? I'm ???] who could ask for anything more  when N.W.A. is cold rockin the floor like stupid, actin like a retard waitin for a bumrush, gettin to the good part It tips me so with temptation writin my lyrics with this hyped information Just look at the center of the stage where the spotlight shines  [Eazy E: Boy you should have known by now] It's mine ! Unpredictable, keepin you extremely enjoyed It's irresistable, meanin that you can't avoid And while I'm on stage, look forward to sweat but after I rip it up I want...[Ssssht] [Eazy E: Quiet on tha set] [Light, camera, action] [Eazy E: N.W.A. take] [three] [MC Ren:] I can be loud as hell, think I will ? [Never] [Ssssht] [Eazy E: Quiet on tha set] Yeah I like that better [?? huh ?? As what I can do ??] I think I earn respect And if I didn't from you, that's what I expect coz if it ain't ruff it ain't me So who really cares how you want me to be See, I'm just me standin at the top of the pile and doin soft known tunes it ain't my style And this concludes our program of how N.W.A. makes a ruthless jam Now first we take an average drum Give it to Dre, and the boy gets dumb It's no secret, that I sit alone at night Pick up a pad and pen and begin to write all kinda lyrics that's promised to play to make everybody say: [They can be cold and ruthless no question about that, but sometimes it's more complicated...] [Eazy E: Yo Dre] [You know what I want you to do ?] [Public Enemy: Bring that beat back, bring that beat back] Now MC Ren is here workin like super glue No matter what I do, I'm always thinkin o' you Coz I'm the pusher, supplyin the fix And this jam's so dope, it don't need a remix But I'm makin obstacles of enemy traps to catch any MC's with the weak-ass raps Crucifyin their [?? huh ??] like just for usin my name The definition is pain, but that's the thing o' the game If they try to retreat, I catch'em one at a time coz they're comittin a crime, and still promotin a rhyme So, you're in the back of me just listen and learn because you'll all get a chance or maybe a turn Now my sideman wants to give a preview so at my next concert I wanna see you there not sittin in a chair standin on yo feet, with yo hand in the air Now I'm about to get out but I'll be back But next time expect the more funkier track deep down for your enjoyment to hear more percussion with lyrics that's smooth to start some discussion The beat that I'm [?? hype ??] and you know that's bad Now continue to dance coz I'm thru with tha set The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: N.W.A. Album: Straight Outta Compton Song: Something 2 Dance 2 Typed by: suitser9@hotmail.com Yo give me somethin' to dance to Calling the police, Calling the g-men Calling all americans Arabian Prince, back wit' a style that's hype Not slow and low, it's the fast type Gettin dumped, can you hear the drums Yo Dre why don't you pump it up some I pumped it up so now what's up Yo Yella boy, add a little cut What the hell, you think we need some bells Yeah, homeboy, might as well There it is, so now what's next A little ssssssssssss So find me a ho, wait a minute You need somethin' else then This is what I want you to do Feel the groove, bust a move Yo I'm tired, what about you Man this is somethin' to dance to Man that's wack, everybody used that Yo, why dont you bring back the other track Yeah there you go that's what I'm sayin I like it when that dope stuffs playin Real loud, in ya ear hole Man let's go, I think my feet are swoll' from dancin' so damn much Maaaaaan, I don't give a what You wanna leave? With all these females pullin on my sleeve I bet, you can jet, homeboy, no sweat This is what I want you to do Feel the groove, bust a move This is somethin' to dance to Let the bass kick Th-th-this is somethin ta dance to(x7) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: N.W.A. Album: 100 Miles and Runnin' EP (+ "Greatest Hits") Song: 100 Miles and Runnin' Typed by: tha_chamber@hotmail.com Intro: And why do we call ourself 'Niggaz 4 Life'. 'Cause if we die we still gon' be some dead niggas. "You don't really think you're gonna get away, do you?" "We haven't spotted them yet."  "But they're somewhere in the immediate vicinity." [MC Ren] A 100 Miles and Runnin'.  MC Ren, I hold the gun and  You want me to kill a mutherfucker and it's done in.  Since I'm stereotyped to kill and destruct -  Is one of the main reasons I don't give a fuck.  Chances are usually not good  'Cause I freeze with my hands on a hot hood.  And gettin' jacked by the you-know-who.  When in a black and white the capacity is two.  We're not alone, we're three more brothers, I mean street-brothers.  Now wearin' my dyes, 'cause I'm not stupid, mutherfuckers.  They're out to take our heads for what we said in the past.  Point blank - They can kizz my black azz.  I didn't stutter when I said "Fuck Tha Police".  'Cause it's hard for a nigga to get peace.  Now it's broken and can't be fixed.  'Cause police and little black niggers don't mix so  Now I'm creepin' through the fall.  Runnin' like a team. Well, see, I might have slayed y'all.  So for now pack the gun and  Hold it in the air.  'Cause MC Ren has a 100 Miles of Runnin'...  "Into this news. Four fugitives are on the run." "FBI sources tell us that the four are headed" "100 miles to their homebase, Compton."  [Eazy E] Lend me a mutherfuckin' ear.  So I can tell you why...  [Dr. Dre] Runnin' with my brothers, headed for the homebase.  With a steady pace on the face that just we raced.  The road ahead goes on and on.  The shit is gettin' longer than the mutherfuckin' marathon.  Runnin' on but never runnin' out.  Stayin' wired and if I get tired, I can still try out.  Hitchhikin' if that's what it gotta do.  But nobody's pickin' up a Nigga Witta Attitude.  Confused...  Yo, but Dre's a nigga with nuthin' to lose.  One of the few who's been accused and abused  Of the crime of poisonin' young minds.  But you don't know shit til you been in my shoes.  And Dre is back from the C-P-T.  Droppin' some shit that's D-O-P-E.  So fuck the P-O-L-I-C-E!  And any mutherfucker that disagrees.  Stuck and runnin' hard, hauling ass.  'Cause I'm a nigga known for havin' a notorious past.  My mind was slick - my temper was too quick.  Now the FBI's all over my dick.  [Eazy E] Got us tick and runnin' just to find the gun that started the clock.  That's when the E jumped off the startin' block.  A 100 Miles from home and ,yo, it's a long stretch.  A little sprintin' mutherfucker that they won't catch.  Yeah, back to Compton again.  Yo, it's either that or the Federal pen.  'Cause niggas been runnin' since beginning of time.  Takin' a minute to tell you what's on my mutherfuckin' mind.  Runnin' like I just don't care.  Compton's 50 miles but , yo, I'mma get there.  Archin' my back and on a straight rough.  Just like Carl Lewis I'm ballin' the fuck out.  >From city to city I'm a menace as I pass by.  Rippin' up shit just so you can remember I'm  A straight up nigga that's done in, gunnin' and comin'  Straight at yo ass.  A 100 Miles and Runnin'...  Interlude:  This one goes out to the four brothers from Compton.  You're almost there, but the FBI has a little message for you:  "Nowhere to run to, baby. Nowhere to hide."  Good luck brothers.  [MC Ren] Runnin' like a nigga I hate to lose.  Show me on the news but I hate to be abused.  I know it was a set-up.  So now I'm gonna get up.  Even if the FBI wants me to shut up.  But I've got 10 000 niggas strong.  They got everybody singin' my "Fuck Tha Police" song.  And while they treat my group like dirt,  Their whole fuckin' family is wearin' our T-shirts.  So I'mma run til I can't run no more.  'Cause it's time for MC Ren to settle the score.  I got a urge to kick down doors.  At my grave like a slave even if the Ren calls.  [Dr. Dre] Clouds are dark and brothers are hidin'.  Dick-tricklin' at the sunny mutherfucker's are ridin'.  Started with five and, yo, one couldn't take it.  So now there's four 'cause the fifth couldn't make it.  The number's even - now I'm leavin'.  We're never gettin' took by a bitch with a weave in.  Her and the troops are right behind me.  But they're so fuckin' stupid, they'll never find me.  [Eazy E] One more mile to go through the dark streets.  Runnin' like a mutherfucker on my own two feet.  But you know I never stumble or lag last.  I'm almost home so I better haul ass.  Tearin' up everything in sight.  It's a little crazy mutherfucker dodging the searchlight.  Now that chase, the shit, is done and  Four mutherfuckers goin' crazy with  A 100 Miles of Runnin'!  Outro: Stop! Stop! Stop! Stop!  Surprise, niggas! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: N.W.A. Album: 100 Miles and Running Song: Just Don't Bite It Typed by: OHHLA.com God damn, now lick my balls, oh shit. [Bitch] You like that? Put 'em off [Bitch] It's good? Ouch, shit, godamn bitch you bit' my damn Shit I said suck the mothafucka, you're bitin' it, shit! [Narrator] Has this ever happend to you? Does her teeth get in the way while she's sucking your dick? Does she know how to suck a dick? Well, I had that same problem until my bitch went out and buy NWA's new book entitled "The art of sucking dick." [Bitch] Lesson 1 - First you grab the dick next you gently lick it up and down, then insert it into the mouth Take it slow, don't rush it, and before you know it .. SPLASH! [Eazy-E] It goes one for the treble, two for the bass She got nut all over her face Kick kick it ... [MC Ren] Slow is the tempo, and Ren is gonna flow As I produce and illustrate you to a ho' Cought on the late night, Stampin' on the base-pipe She's a hype to get you on the late flight But back in school she was a cutie, yo Then after graduation started givin' up the booty In school, stuck her head in a feather Every time I asked her what's the time It was never ever what she would talk to the Ren I'm sayin' I wanted a date, she would'nt even be my friend But now in the 1990's, I'd be praying that the bitch don't find me Cuz she's got a gang o' kidz nappy-heads and all dirty And she's gettin pimped by a nigga that's thirty I saw her hangin' in the alley Raggin to her friends how she's ho'in' in de valley All by herself, doin' on the hoe stroll Comin back home late night with the bankroll You know a bitch like that makes me sick But I've heard that she sucks a good dick It's the world's biggest dick Don't matter just don't bite it It's the world's biggest dick Don't matter just don't bite it "What do you want me to do with it?" Don't matter just don't bite it She swallowed it [yeaahh..] [MC Ren] At a high school dance - Me and the niggaz bailed in I saw her sittin' with her friends, With the clan, So sexy, thought she was all that She would'nt even look it up because we wore the black hat She was a stuck-up bitch on the public floor But an instant prostitute behind closed doorz On the streets she's a late night feature - walkin home from school I saw her suckin a niggaz dick, under the bleacher  She saw me and she ran and tried to hide her face But a bitch full of nut could'nt escape in the chase A disgrace, If I ever ever saw her There was'nt a nigga on the block Late at night not gettin' done So she begged me not to tell a soul Then I said of course cause my dick yo it's harder than a totem pole Then again it don't concern me Cuz there's a slight chance if I fuck she might burn me And then I might have to shoot de ho' I mean checkin' with de quickness just to let her know But to prevent from gettin' sick - I would just prefer to let her come and suck my dick It's the world's biggest dick Don't matter just don't bite it It's the world's biggest dick Don't matter just don't bite it But does she suck a good dick? Don't matter just don't bite it She swallowed it [yeaahh..] [MC Ren] Now I was at a club on a late late Sunday Peepin' at the bitches 'till the next day Monday Had a couple of drinks, so I was feeling good And suddenly I saw this bitch who lives in my neighborhood She went to church every week so now I locked her She was at the end of the bar gettin' fucked up Back at the house she was bitch n' be ignorin And when she start to talk the ho' was kinda borin Yo, but now I got to dawn, see Now she's dancin' on the floor with a skirt and no panties on Shakin' that ass like a salt shaker I already got my plans - Just while I'm a take her to a room But yo I mean a rest room And stick my dick in her mouth like a wet broom So I grabbed her hand and she's with it Oh and when she turned sobber should'nt have had admit it So while she's dropped I'd better get it quick And see for myself if she sucks a good dick .. It's the world's biggest dick Don't matter just don't bite it It's the world's biggest dick Don't matter just don't bite it "What do you want me to do with it?" Don't matter just don't bite it Lick de big dick, baby, I wanna fuck this one It's the world's biggest dick Don't matter just don't bite it It's the world's biggest dick Don't matter just don't bite it But does she suck a good dick? Don't matter just don't bite it She swallowed it [Outro] "So there you have it - a job well done,   but for now let me get back to what I was doing" She swallowed it .. She swallowed it .. Get it all baby, suck this dick, suck this dick for daddy suck this diiiiiick oh, she swallowed it .. get it all, suck this dick for daddy .. Hey mothafuck, I want you to suck Dre's dick, Then I want you to suck Yella dick You already sucked Ren's dick .. YOU BOYZ ARE DISGUSTING! Just suck my dick bitch The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: N.W.A. Album: 100 Miles and Running Song: Sa Prize (part 2) -- [Fuck the Police, part 2] Chorus: Fuck the police! Fuck, fuck, fuck the police! [Fuck them motherfuckers!] Fuck, fuck, fuck the police! [Get paid back] You're motherfucking right, yo Verse One: Dr. Dre Fuck the motherfucking police! They don't want peace, they want a nigga deceased So he'll cease to be a problem, and by the way the perform It seems the Klan gave the white police another uniform And yo the black police, the house niggaz They gave you a motherfucking gun, so I guess you figure you made out, good to go, but you didn't know They would stick your black ass back in the ghetto, yo To kill another nigga, catch him with crack, in fact Freebase - they put in the neighborhood in the first place But the brothers ain't stupid, remember that You got a gat, I got a gat, so whassup with that A to the motherfuckin K The last words you hear, then the smoke appears Tears, from your motherfuckin family They're starin at me, but I'm goin gun happy, fuck em! Shootin everything in sight tonight's the night to get hyped and fight for what's wrong, fuck what's right! And by the way, my name is Dre So listen up motherfucker to what I gotta say, yo Chorus: Fuck the police! Fuck, fuck, fuck the police Fuck Fuck, fuck, fuck the police [Now for the first episode] Episode One: Yeah that shit's hittin man, where the volume at? Hold-up, hold-up, hold-up, one-time, one-time, one-time Put the joint out! Put the joint out! Hey you motherfuckers want to step out of the car? Don't you know it's against the law to play music so god damn loud? Shut  the fuck up! Go to jail? Gimme that shit you was just smoking Motherfuckers from high crime areas view the police as a threat And that's some shit you betta not forget Verse Two: Eazy-E Eazy E's the name feared by most When, a lil nigga is thrown in the pen But on the streets there's two kinds of people White rich fucks and the ones who get harassed like me Pull over to the side, routine for me Tearin up my shit, like they lookin for a key of cocaine But they never find the shit Ain't got nuttin better to do and nobody else to fuck wit Thinkin everything is stolen But can't face facts that a young black nigga's just rollin Making more money than they ever make Taking more shit than they ever take Yo pigs are made to kill, and no regret and keep your hand on your weapon shoot his ass and start steppin Cause I'm a nigga that don't give a fuck about nothin So let me explain a lil somethin, yo See, I got this problem, a big problem... Cops don't like me, so I don't like motherfucking cops Chorus: Fuck the police! Fuck, fuck, fuck the police Fuck Fuck, fuck, fuck the police [Fuck the police!] Episode Two: Get out of the fuckin car! Wait a god damn minute what the hell did I do? Hey just shut the fuck up black bitch Wait a minute, you ain't gotta be pullin me by my motherfuckin hair! Let  go of my motherfuckin hair! Hey just step the fuck back and shut up! Get your motherfuckin hands off of me! Calm down, calm down now... listen, we're gonna go around this corner, and  you're gonna suck me and my partner's dicks, or you're gonna be one black dead nigger bitch Police brutality is common in my neighborhood That's why I hate them motherfuckers Verse Three: MC Ren I said fuck the police but with a little more force And maybe now I get my point across It's a lot here that's goin on, just open your eyes and look Everyday a young nigga is took Off the face of the street by a police It's like they gotta a nigga chained on a short leash You can't leave out the city that they shacked up Cause if you do that's the right they got you jacked up It's embarassin because you know they justice, but all you can do is say fuck this, because if you move, that's all she wrote So what? The excuse to shoot, or they rather stomp your head til you're dead with the steel toe boot Harassin me with some kind of mind game Actin like a nigga just was born with a gang-name You call that right but when you're black there's no right Some recreational shit was only a gang fight So shootin at the cops was a street thing To waste time have to explain don't do cocaine But everything was done just for peace To retaliate, on the fuckin police, so I'm sayin Chorus: Fuck the police! Fuck, fuck, fuck the police! Fuck Fuck the police! Fuck, fuck the police! [The final episode] Episode Three: Hey Juan, look at the piece of ass man Watch out watch out watch out homes! Oh shit man you fucked up, you hit a police car I didn't see that piece of caca! Better act like you don't speak ingles homes ... What the fuck? Get your ass out of there, I've had enough of your raggedy ass motherfuking shit! No! No me pagan, por que me pagan, no! Por favor, no, no! Por que? Chorus 2X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: N.W.A Album: 100 Miles and Runnin Song: Real Niggaz (Mc Ren) Prisoner like a hostage Yo, you should of covered your muthafucking head like an ostrich Deep in the dirt 'cause you's a sucker And you ass up high so I can kick the muthafucker Don't try to hang your best abroad 'Cause my foot will be so far up you ass, you're get hemroids Before you try to fuck wit Ren I'll put two in your ass and you'll be shitting a size 10 (Dr. Dre) First come, first serve, whoever's got the nerve Step up and get what you deserve Other words if a muthafucking hip-hop maniac Brainiac, so what you oughta do is step the fuck back But how the fuck you think a rapper last Wit your ass saying shit that is said in the past Yo, be original, your shit is sloppy Get off the dick you muthafucking carbon copy (MC Ren) Falling deep in the drums so many of styles Is one of the reasons a nigga ran a hundred miles Cheating and not beating, the crowd I kept seating But weak muthafuckas biting off and they kept eating Styles that kept them full of bull 'Cause the vocals were local in nightclubs and not getting paid in full They got the nerve to cuss Only reason niggaz pick up your record is cause they thought it was us (Dre) Yo, giving what I gotta give, doing what I gotta do You don't care for me, so who gives a fuck about you You can't harm me, alarm me 'Cause we're the generals in this fucking hip-hop army The niggaz wit attitudes if you didn't know We blow, flow and getting loose slow from the get go, yo Try us and take it Yo, fuck this shit, Yella, kick the break in (Chorus) It's the real thing, you are now real, real niggaz, niggaz (Ren) You can run but you can't hide, you know I'm a find'cha 'Cause a nigga like Ren's only 2 steps behind'cha  Don't look back, 'cause you're shaking and all scared A nigga in black can be your scariest nightmare So sleep wit the lights on, forget that the mic's on Don't step on my muthafucking stage without nike's on Don't say it's psychoand then you just might go Mentally fucked up when I let the right blow (Dre) All these niggers wit the jibber jabber But couldn't kill a fly wit a muthafucking sledge hammer Gangstas in black are out there But only because, yo, it's the shit we wear On my muthafucking dick But I'm a love it when you drop like a muthafucking brick So, yo, step off, go to bed, 'cause if you're mislead You get a muthafucking bullet in your dome head (Eazy-E) Black, the good, the bad, the ugly, you see A little streetwise nigga, you know me Rolling wit some real niggaz playing for keeps But you muthafuckas know who run the streets Wit that hardcore hip-hop rap shit (Ren)(Now how much harder can another nigga get) Trying to be like us, sound like us, dress like us (Dre)(Ashes to ashes and dust to dust So nigga, nigga, nigga, nigga, nigga, nigga, please Since you're on the dick why don't you drop to your knees 'Cause I'm a muthafucka that's out to kill Eazy-E, a nigga that's real (Dre) Real niggaz, straight off the streets of Compton   Quick to get in your shit without second thought   And if your ass get smoked, it's my bullet you caught   So if you're talking shit about the niggaz in black   Bow down to the King's and Raider's hats (Ren) They played out, that's what niggaz were chanting One nigga left and they said we ain't happening People had thought we was finished and then done wit But if you think about it, yo, we really ain't done shit Yet, so cover your ears and wipe your tears And quit sniffing all over my dick for new ideas And when the new record come, I'll come like a fucking bomb Asking for fucking money, don't buy you a fucking crumb You're on the dicks of four niggaz not one And when it comes to dicks, you don't even have one So brace yourself to make sure you don't get fucked up Because if I let you slide, it's just 'cause you lucked up Don't come in my face again, because I'm a floor ya And if you're a bitch, I'm a fucking ignore ya Because my attitudes a little bigga 'Cause MC Ren is one of the real niggaz (Dre) Lost in a muthafucking world of madness Sadness, but Dre is just a nigga that gladdest Sucking muthafuckas like you, making wack jams Because it only shows you how dope I am Never try to ignore us When I'm expressing, stand still like you're full of rigamortis 'Cause I'm a real nigga, but I guess you figure You can break me, take me, but watch me pull the trigger Dre is just a nigga wit hard, a nigga that's smart A nigga that's pay to say what others are scared to play We started out wit too much cargo So I'm glad we got rid of Benedict Arnold Yo, NWA, criticize for what we say But I'm a do the shit anyway 'Cause I'm the muthafucking doctor,never faking Yo, Yella, kick the muthafucking break in Chorus (Ren) NWA , straight ouut muthafucking Compton    Taking over shit in all of the 1990's    Yo, Dr. Dre, DJ Yella, Eazy-E    And I am MC Ren, yo, NWA taking over this muthafucka y'all The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: N.W.A.  Album: 100 Miles and Running EP Song: Kamurshol Typed by: dy_face@hotmail.com [Dr. Dre] The World's most dangerous group.. [MC Ren] Once again; beating on your motherfucking eardrums It's the niggaz in black; ready to attack See, you have known what time it is [Dr. Dre] WHAT MOTHERFUCKING TIME IT IS!! [MC Ren] You have witnessed, you have heard So we're gonna take time out for commercial break [Dr. Dre] Be on a look out for the new N.W.A. album [MC Ren] Ladies and gentlemen The name of the new album is.. OUT ONCE AGAIN!! The name of the new album is.. OUT ONCE AGAIN!! The name of the new album is.. OUT ONCE AGAIN!! [Eazy-E] YEEEEEEEEEAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHH MOTHERFUCKERS!! THAT'S WHAT THE FUCK WE'RE TALKING ABOUT!! SO DON'T UNWIND THAT GODDAMN ALBUM STUPID MOTHERFUCKERRRRRRRRRRRRRRRS!! [Dr. Dre repeated on the background] Niggaz, niggaz, niggaz, niggaz, niggaz, niggaz Niggaz, niggaz, niggaz, niggaz, niggaz, niggaz Niggaz, niggaz, niggaz, niggaz, niggaz, niggaz Niggaz, niggaz, niggaz, niggaz, niggaz, niggaz Niggaz, niggaz, niggaz, niggaz, niggaz, niggaz [DJ Yella impersonating The Boogie Man] HAHAHA HAHAHA HAHHA MOTHERFUCKERING ALBUM BITCH!! OUT ONCE AGAIN!! [MC Ren] Four bad motherfuckers Get off the dick motherfucker Yo, yeah, we're back in this motherfucker Controlling the nineteen ninety So you better step the fuck back If you know; it's good for your motherfucking ass Yo, you know what? - we're outta here.. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: N.W.A. f/ Above the Law, Kokane Album: Efil4zaggin Song: Prelude Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Dr. Dre] The motherfucking saga continues... [Km.G and Cold 187um] All hail to those believin in the real gangsta shit Cause when it comes to the real niggaz It makes the shit that much harder to deal with Yeahhhhhhhh! Above the Law up in this motherfucker "Black Mafia" for life Down with the real niggaz for life! Ha ha Yo Sweet Talk, tell 'em what the fuck we here for! [Kokane] Well alright y'all, USC, Compton, Watts The Woods! All across the motherfuckin USA Ye though I walk through the the valley of real niggaz I should fear no man or motherfuckin Klan, hear me one Cause I been to the mountaintops y'all And I done seen through the eyes of a real nigga (Yo, what you think about the real niggaz 187?) [187] Yo, they make some of the COLLLLLLDEST shit I done never heard! [Km.G] Yo, for me Km.G I must give it up To the Ruthless motherfuckin gangsters Fear no mob! [187] Because you're scared mon you're scared! Dem de pussy runnin at y'all scared mon Bend dem silly bumba claat barber 'til de pussy claat run BO! BO! BO! BO! BO! Keep Baby-lon on the run, seen! [MC Ren] The real niggaz is back, cause there's too many bullshit records out Niggaz fiendin for what we put out But you don't have to wait no longer Because the new album is out and the shit is much stronger So many groups made three albums or more And that weak-ass shit is still sittin in the record store They wonder why it never sold Niggaz rappin since the 70's and still never went gold Our first record sold two million copies That's because you other motherfuckers are sloppy You came out street and crossed over And after that your career is fuckin over Because of that you're not around So shut the fuck up and witness the sound of some real niggaz [Eazy-E] Yeahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh motherfuckers~! Keepin all you busters on the run in '91 Kick that shit Ren [MC Ren] Most niggaz can't understand And never will if they ain't part of the Ruthless mafia clan Niggaz is dedicated to the streets With hype fuckin lyrics and the dope-ass beats The songs will never come soft, because I come off So don't get in my way cause motherfucker you'll get cut off And it's somethin you can move your lips to to wrap around my dick and suck if it fits you And let me now if you wanna ride The D-I-C-K, all day that's with no play Cause ain't no rap group out that I know That make me wanna listen to the radio All I hear is motherfuckers tryin to make a comeback with lovesongs, and that shit is whack And that's why your ass ain't around cause you don't have the motherfuckin sound of a real nigga (YEAH MOTHERFUCKERS!!!!) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: N.W.A Album: Efil4zaggin Song: Real Niggaz Don't Die Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [opening dialogue] Die nigga! We are born to die nigga You've been dyin for 400 years Niggaz know how to die Niggaz don't know nothin else, but dyin Niggaz dream 'bout dyin [repeat 4X] "I'm a motherfuckin nigga" - "with an attitude" [Dr. Dre] I got a case, of spittin in a motherfucker's face So me and my ace, we got a taste of a motherfucker's billy club, he took his gun and put it to my head and said, "Nigga start runnin" So tell me what's the next episode? Is he crazy, does he want to chase me or waste me? I thought "Run nigga run" but I caught myself Because my secondary thought was death I've got head and heart real, but still a motherfucker said I want another black motherfucker dead Niggaz ain't good for shit to me Cause it's a race for second class, so get your ass up against the wall bitch! And then he tried to jump me but the punk became a victim of a walkby Fuckin with Dre, you get a foot up in your asshole It's just another way to let you know Nigga send 'em, nigga send 'em, nigga send 'em Y'all can't fuck with me! Real motherfuckin G ("You out there?") Straight from the streets of the C.P.T. ("Well clap your hands to what he's doin") Tellin you why, real niggaz don't die! [Chorus: repeat 2X] "I-iiiiiii, just want to celebrate!" ("Get on down!" - "Here it is") [MC Ren] Real niggaz don't die cause they eventually multiply The niggaz I'm with, they take an eye for an eye Because the times are so wrong, gotta stay so strong Niggaz gotta keep it goin on and on And don't let no paleface throw your ass in a snail race Have your residence occupyin a jail space That's what they want to do cause the system is fucked around I try to let you know with the record that's underground They don't give a fuck about a nigga, they would rather pull the trigger and have you runnin from barrels smilin sayin "Geez!" ("You out there?") So nigga get smart and rebel back I'm not with that black shit so I'm not gonna yell that All I see is niggaz getting harassed And can't do nothin about it but get a foot in they ass, yo But if every nigga grabbed a nine And started shootin motherfuckers it would put 'em in line And that's how it's supposed to be When a pussy-ass nigga try to fuck with me Yo, because it's useless to try To kill a nigga cause nigga a motherfuckin real nigga don't die! [interlude dialogue] Die nigga, everywhere you go! Niggaz dyin Niggaz been dyin for 400 years ("I'm a motherfuckin nigga" - "with an attitude") [Eazy-E] Only the good die young, so that makes me young and bad Puttin ass-kickings on the niggaz that never had So I guess that makes me tough shit Straight up gangsta, wrong nigga to fuck with So how can a nigga die, when he's causin the bloodshed by shootin motherfuckers in the head? Tryin to make a nigga extinct because they fear me But never wanna hear me So I'ma let 'em know how a nigga's livin Takin from motherfuckers cause nobody ain't givin a damn thang! To a nigga, a real nigga So I'm living by the motherfuckin trigger Cause a nigga ain't afraid of bein locked up I'm out of luck, so why should I give a fuck? But they still want to try To kill a nigga like me but motherfuckin real niggaz don't die! [Chorus] - 2X [over Chorus] Yeahhhhhh! A real nigga don't die! Yeahhhh, motherfuckers! ("Die, nigga!") The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: N.W.A. Album: Efil4zaggin Song: Niggaz 4 Life Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [opening dialogue] Why you brothers insist on usin the word nigga? Don't you know that's bringin down the black race?  Nigga nigga nigga that's all I hear you motherfuckers talk about is nigga You can do what you want, just keep it out of my neighborhood  Personally I think the lyrics are a bit too harsh I ain't no nigga, fuck that shit  Does everything come out your mouth got to be a 4-letter word? All over this bullshit, it's just a bunch of fuckin noise  The way you talk about women is bullshit, plain bullshit What you motherfuckers doin for the black community anyway?  Motherfucker I got kids, I don't want 'em listenin to that bullshit  {*hospital monitor starts beeping*} Fuck the niggaz!  Motherfuckers need to stop How can you call yourself a nigga and be proud of it?  {*monitor stops beeping - R.I.P.*} [Orderly] Flatline [Dr. Dre] Bullshit! [MC Ren] Why do I call myself a nigga you ask me? Well it's because motherfuckers wanna blast me And run me outta my neighborhood And label me as a dope dealer yo, and say that I'm no good But I can't find jobs so niggaz wouldn't have to go out Gave up some dope on the corner so they could show out When the cops came, they gave a fake name Because the life in the streets is just a head game So therefore, to make more A 15-year-old black kid'll go and rob a liquor store And get shot in the process He ate up a nine bullet and now he's put to rest [Dr. Dre] Why do I call myself a nigga you ask me? I guess it's just the way shit has to be Back when I was young gettin a job was murder Fuck flippin burgers, cause I deserve a nine-to-five I can be proud of, that I can speak loud of And to help a nigga get out of Yo! The concrete playground But most motherfuckers only want you to stay down But I'm a smart motherfucker you see One of the best producers in the rap music industry Gettin paid like a motherfucker A young brother, who don't give a fuck about another Yeah [MC Ren] + (Dr. Dre) Why do I call myself a nigga you ask me? Because police always wanna harass me Every time that I'm rollin (rollin) They swear up and down that the car was stolen (this shit is stolen) Make me get face down in the street (in the street) And throw the shit out my car on the concrete (yeah) In front of a residence A million white motherfuckers on my back like I shot the President [Dr. Dre] Why do I call myself a nigga you ask me? Because my mouth is so motherfuckin nasty Bitch this, bitch that, nigga this, nigga that In the mean while my pockets are gettin fat Gettin paid to say this shit here Makin more in a week than a doctor makes in a year So why not call myself a nigga? It's better than pullin the trigger and goin up the river And then I get called a nigga anyway Broke as a motherfucker and locked away, so So cut out all that bullshit Yo! I guess I'll be a nigga for life ("Niggaz, crackers, jews!"  "If there's hell below, we're all gonna go!") [Eazy-E] Nigga nigga nigga nigga nigga nigga, please I'm treated like a fuckin disease You say - why do I call myself a nigga so quick? Cause I can reach in my drawers and pull out a bigger dick, yo Nigga say nigga we cool but Cracker say nigga, nigga knocked the fuck up But I gotta be a fast nigga, to never be the last nigga Or I'll have to beat yo' ass, nigga In the city you see action first Then hear about it later in a verse I curse Because I'm real with this to keep my shit straight bumpin Murder, created by the streets of Compton Now get it from the underground poet I live it, I see it, and I write it because I know it And if you think I'm fuckin your wife You're motherfuckin right yo, cause I'm a nigga for life [interlude dialogue] I love niggaz, I love niggaz, I love niggaz Because niggaz are me And I should only love that which is me I love that you niggaz ("niggaz for life") [Dr. Dre] Nigga, this; nigga that The actual fact is that I'm black and bound to attract The attention of another, I mean the other But I'm a motherfucker that'll have 'em runnin for cover You see, I don't give a fuck about nothin Except gettin paid, gettin bitches, and issuin stitches We just, all needed to read it and find a rhyme And then it's time to say, the nigga's here to stay But what about the fake niggaz, the house niggaz To get paid quick they gotta suck a fat dick But N.W.A. is outta your motherfuckin range We ain't gonna change a motherfuckin thang! [MC Ren]  I call myself a nigga cause my skin won't lighten I call myself a nigga cause the shit that I'm writin hypes me, hypes other motherfuckers around me And that's the reason why they wanna surround me and ask me - why do I call myself a niggarole? Ain't none of their fuckin business cause I'll let the trigger go So get out my presence and get out of my sight Cause MC Ren is a nigga for life [final dialogue]  You're a nigga 'til you die If you're a po' nigga, you're a po' nigga If you're a rich nigga, you're a rich nigga But you never stop bein a nigga And if you get to be educated you just an educated nigga ("I can dig it!") [N.W.A. - repeat 6X] It's plain to see, you can't change me Cause I'ma be a nigga for life {*static noise*} [Eazy-E imitating a soda commercial] I'm a nigga, he's a nigga, she's a nigga, we some niggaz Wouldn't you like to be a nigga too? The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: N.W.A. Album: Efil4Zaggin Song: Appetite 4 Destruction I got a taste for waste and a taste and a blood Murder I heard her when she screamed the "Drop!" Cuz it's on part of slung Relate this to no choice And listen to this straight-up man before they ban the voice While I ride to the rythem of a pop Remember the first nigga that runs is the first to get shot Whoever thinks that what I say and betray is negativity Need to come kick it in the city with me And find the black and crack de fact And take that shit back cuz they don't wanna fuck with that There's too many niggaz they're tryin' to calm If mothafuckaz could get it, nobody would've fuck with it Appetite for destruction - For him to get a bit more shit he gotta commit - Murder in the first degree - a man slaughter Takin' a life of his wife and young doughter A whole city of bitches they look sucked up And the niggaz iz killin' it's straight fucked up Whoever sayin' what I'm sayin'z for greed The 9 even when they're tryin' to feed my appetite for destruction " .. you gotta know I'm talkin' to .. " The Appetite is tremendous So I'm gonna spin this Drop up some violence because they ax me to end this Some trouble that I cought cuz I was noisy A nigga tried to take advantage because I'm de kamikazi He took de swing from my hand - thought I was faded Start runnin' for the door but the fucker never made it The sound of the 9 went BANG [shot] And all over the wall was his mothafuckin' brain Cuz I'm a nigga you can't sleep on So set the alarm, cuz I'm hittin' like a mothafuckin' bomb I do damage with the 9 in my hand But the average nigga they do not mean to understand I'm from the streets so therefor You know I don't care for  A sucker that ain't down with the real niggaz the niggaz the niggaz yo And after when the shit gotta go ain't even sober Any time that the 9 wanna leave I got a .38 hittin' down the sleeve And it's ready to go to work cuz that's what it's here for I shoot down a milion niggaz and shoot one more And that's the milion and one They could'nt hang with the appetite Cuz they was'nt rappin' right So I had to destroy whoever was standin' in my presence For fuckin' up de asses appetite for destruction "Cops would'nt hurt you, on your ass, man, you know, they realy degrade you,  I suppose you don't believe that shit, don't believe in cops degrade you,  Oh come on, those biddin'z, those people was resistin' arrest" Check it out yo, in de house yo So I can show and flow and let the people know So won't you ease on down to the yellow brick road to Compton But first let me tell you somethin' - I possess to 10 commendmendts of the Hip Hop Baxter, Known as the thief and murderer : First one - I'm a be a nigga with an attitude Gotta get respected, break your mothafuckin' neck Second one - Allwayz gotta fuck at a wedlock I like it when the pussy goes snack crack and pop Number three - I'm a gangsta, an addict I smoke any foolz tryin' to cause some statix Number four - Here's what's these are A crazy-ass nigga that remains hard core Fifth one - My kill has just begun I pull out my gun that will keep me on the run Step six - Hmmm, it's kinda tricky - Can't forget that I'm mothafuckin' chickenshit To the ones who tries to play the E - By the time you reach Seven you'll be 6 feet deep Number eight - Make no mistake,  Move real slicky and you're bound to catch yo' pray Ninth one - I gotta be raw, fuck any brain once your man made law Last but not least, I must be real - Number ten - is my appetite to ki ... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: N.W.A. Album: Efil4Zaggin Song: Alwayz Into Somethin Ninety ninety mothafuckin' 1 NWA's back in this mothafuckin' yo Takin' out all you commercicalized ass niggaz And we're on this lay back track And we're doin' this well kinda smooth So what's you're gonna do Dre, Kick it! It's so on le the shit flow on Because I need somethin' to go off on The mothafuckin' D-R-E servin' a death wish So I'm a hit you like this Early in the morning hop into the B-enz I got 44 wayz of gettin' paid Sittin' in my lap as I roll off the Compton blocks To skoop up Ren I heard shots - 1 2 3, Then I see the nigga Hop in de Benz and it was Ren on the mothafuckin' trigger He got in the Benz and said  "Dre I was speakin' to de bitch O'shey" [Ice Cube] And as we roll on I seen the patrol on crip So we got ghost because they beat Me and Ren in de black CE, yo, Poppin' some funky shit by de D.O.C I gotta get paid, paid in a hurry see I gotta have it if I'm not paid fully I start takin', makin' sure my shit is steady bumpin' A nigga'z ALWAYZ INTO SOMETHIN' I hear a dope beat  Somebody told me to buck dead But if Dre did'nt do it I can't fuck with it NWA is like a mix a fix a trix Real niggaz with big dicks You're takin' a chance when you think that Talkin' under your breath won't lead to young death Fuckin' up shit and shit by the killin' For a nigga labled as bein' - A mothafuckin' Villain But you don't know me, a record can't tell ya I was so afraid I'd be a mothafuckin' faliure Real niggaz got a hat-top breakin' I hooked up with 3 more niggaz and started makin' - Funky-ass shit for your system Might sound nice so it makes you wanna listen to a Sample of a ruthless organization But you don't want the conferntation Real niggaz don't play - Yella, Eazy, Me and the nigga nigga Dre Yo, alwayz makin' sure that my shit is steady bumpin' Yeah, the world's most dangerous group Definetly in this mothafucka Sendin' a shout-out to all the niggaz out there Yo you can get in the pick up and suck de dick up 'till you hick-up You know what I'm sayin' Yo, cuz I'm a nigga for life And I realy don't give a fuck I'm goin' for mine - Every time I see a fuckin' softy - Punk strong as coffee A nigga like that best to back up off me Yo, cuz these are the dayz and the times of de real nigga False niggaz, NWA'z toss' niggaz And that's on de real Cuz I'm a nigga that killz Again and again so tell 'em what's up Ren If i'm not no nothin' I don't feel like So I grab de 9 n' de clip and go to murder mothafuckaz at night  Because I'm startin' to feel I'm sittin' in a cell with a crimerz too tragic it could'nt make bail So now they gotta hold me And listen to rehabilizations over and over Sayin' they told me But I don't give a fuck cuz I know my shit is pumpin' A nigga'z ALWAYZ INTO SOMETHIN' The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: N.W.A. Album: Efil4zaggin Song: Real Niggaz Ren: Prisoner, like a hostage yo, You should've covered your motherfucking head like an ostrich. Deep in the dirt cause you'se a sucker, And your ass up high so I can kick the motherfucker. Don't try to hang, you best avoid, Cause my foot'll be so far up your ass you'll get hemorrhoids. Before you try to fuck with Ren, I'll put two in your ass, and you'll be shitting in size ten. Dre: First come, first serve, Who else got the nerves, step up and give what you deserve. From the word of a motherfucking hip-hop maniac, Braniac, so what you oughta do is step the fuck back. Now how the fuck you think a rapper lasts, With your ass ain't shit, that is said in the past. Yo, be original, your shit is sloppy, Get off the dick, you motherfucking call-the-coppy. Ren: Falling deep in the drums, with many of styles, That's one of the reasons a nigga ran a hundred miles. Cheating and out, beating the crowd, I kept seating, But weak motherfuckers biting off, and they kept eating. Styles they got are full of bull, cause their vocals are local, In nightclubs, and not getting paid in full. They got the nerve to cuss, only reason niggaz picking your record is cause they thought is was us. Dre: Yo, give 'em what I gotta give, do 'em what I gotto do, You don't care for me, so who gives a fuck about you. You can't harm me, alarm me, Cause we're the generals in this fucking hip-hop army. The Niggaz With Attitudes if you didn't know, We blow, flow, and didn't move slow from the get-go. Yo, time for some taking, Yo fuck this shit, Yella kick the break in. (Aaaah!) It's the real thing, you are now (real, real) niggaz! niggaz! Ren: You can run, but you can't hide, you know I'ma find ya, Cause a nigga like Ren's only two steps behind ya. Don't look back because you're shaking and all scared, A nigga in black can be your scariest nightmare. So sleep with the lights on, forget that the mic's on, Don't step on the motherfucking stage with our nights on. Don't see a psycho, and then you just might go, Mentally fucked up when I let the rifle blow. Dre: All these niggaz with the gibber-jabber, But couldn't kill a fly with a motherfucking sledgehammer. Gangsters in black are out there, But only because, yo, it's the shit that we wear. On my motherfucking dick, But I'ma love it when you drop like a motherfucking brick. So yo, step up, go to bed, cause if you're misled, You'll get a motherfucking bullet in your forehead. Eazy (Ren): Black, the good, the bad, the ugly, see, I love streetwise, nigga you know me. Rolling with some real niggaz, playing for keeps, But you motherfuckers know who run the streets. With that hardcore, hip-hop, rap-shit, (Now how much harder can another nigga get). Trying to be like us, sound like us, drift like us, (Ashes to ashes and dust to dust). So nigga, nigga, nigga, nigga, nigga, nigga, please, Since you're on the dick why don't you drop to your knees. Cause I'm a motherfucker that's out to kill, Eazy E, a nigga that's real. Ren: Real niggaz, straight off the streets of Compton. Quick to getting your shit without a second thought. And if your ass gets smoked, it's my bullet you caught. So if you're talking shit about the niggaz in black, Bow down to the kings, and raid a half. They're played out, that's what niggaz were chatting, One nigga left, and they said we ain't having it. People thought we was finished and done with, But if you think about it, yo, we really ain't done shit. Catch, so cover your ears, and wipe off your tears, And quit sniffing all over my dick for new ideas. And when the new record comes, don't come like a fucking bum, Asking for fucking money to buy you a fucking crumb. You're on the dick so far, niggaz not one, And when it comes to dicks, you don't even have one. So braze yourself, to make sure you don't get fucked up, Cause if I let you slide, it's just cause you're locked up. Don't come up my face again, because I'ma floor ya, And if you're a bitch, I'ma fucking ignore ya. Because my attitude's a little bigger, Cause MC Ren is one of the real niggaz. Dre: Lost in the motherfucking world of madness, sadness, But Dre is just a nigga that's glad it's sucker motherfuckers like you making whack jams, because it only you shows you how dope I am. Never try to ignore us, When I'm expressing, stand still like you're full of riggermortis. Cause I'm a real nigga, but I guess you figure, You could break me, take me, but watch me pull the trigger. Dre is just a nigga with heart, a nigga that's smart, A nigga that's paid to say what others are scared to play. We started out with too much cargo, So I'm glad we got rid of Benedict Arto. Yo, N.W.A., criticized for what we say, But I'ma do this shit anyway. Cause I'm the motherfucking doctor, never faking, Yo Yella, kick the motherfucking break in. (Aaaah!) It's the real thing, you are now (real, real) niggaz! niggaz! (Aaaah!) Yeah motherfucker, it's the real thing, you are now (real, real) niggaz! niggaz! Ren: N.W.A., straight outta motherfucking Compton, Taking over shit in all of the nineteen-nineties, Yo, Dr. Dre, DJ Yella, Eazy E, and I am MC Ren, yo, N.W.A. taking over this motherfucker y'all... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: N.W.A. Album: Efil4Zaggin Song: One Less Bitch The world's most dangerous group Once again beatin' on your mothafuckin' ear drumbs Doin' much damage for all you slutty ass ho's Yo, there was a bitch I knew on the avenue She was gettin' G oh for a nut or two yo I think her name was Clara and she was garunteed to give a Muthafucka whatever he needs to be perfectly honest she was a hooker So I took her - a 100 yards, to the blvd I told her "I'll take care o' you, you take care o' me" You've gott a P I M P and all I want is the money She went to work and the nigguz were fiendin' yo She had the biggest ass that you ever seen In fact she was like medusa Her tities fully grown A look and your dick turns to stone yeah keepin' on mind that she was the kind that would find the time to get mine because she knows I'm not to be fucked with She ain't crazy  fuckin' with dre should be pushin' up daisies She was the perfect ho' but what do you know the bitch tried to gag me so - I had to kill her Yeah, straight hittin' Now listen up and lemme tell you how I did it yo, I tied her to the bed I was thinking the worst but yo I had to let my niggaz fuck her first yeah Loaded up the 44 yo Then I straight smoked the ho' 'Cause I'm a real nigga, but I guess you figure I was soft and she thank me  coughed to the boss and got tossed One less bitch you gotta worry about She's outa here and that's how it turns out Now Vikky Vikky Vikky, she's very tricky She put her hicky on top of my dick Sick betsy - she told me she loved me And she wanted to keep me If only she can have the dick with me I said I wanted but baby you gotta hold up If I was happy with somethin' that I could fold up We can do this - she said her husband was rich Then I knew I had the bitch yo She wrote a cheque name me a cheque In the name of a bitch who was strugglin' at the same game All I wanted to do was get P-A-I-D Just a little somethin' for fuckin' me yo Everything was cool but Vikky concerned me Her husband was the District Auterny So, before he found out he was crossed up 'Bout his bitch I was fuckin' I had to tossed her And put you slick - some nigga never forget A dead bitch can't tell a nigga shit One less bitch you gotta worry about She's outa here and that's how it turned out One less, One less, One less bitch you gotta worry about! [Muthafuckin' right!] One less, One less, One less bitch you gotta worry about! Thinkin' about money, and lookin' at a prostitute The bitch was cute, so now I had to excecute And shoot game like a real nigga With a still trigga Convince her to move up to somethin' bigga I think I had a flashback though 'Cause I said "fuck it" Loped and Choked and Smoked to the ho' like this : "Bitch, it's all about Dre  The money money money and this all I gotta say" Of course she came with me And remained with me 'Till the bitch felt lamed and ashamed to be Workin' that trick shit 'Cause niggaz knew that she was someone A little later though she called 1 In the chest and I knew that it was commin' By who and how the all act would be done? So what? One less bitch you gotta worry about But that ain't how it turned out.. Yo, there was a bitch named her out and shot her Straight to the Muthafuckin' trigger and said "I got her!" But I had better plans to give her the blues Like dumpin' her in the river with sea net shoes I knew my money was commin' up sho' And the thought that the stupid bitch thought she'd never get cought Came home early and straight bust her ass On the couch with the other nigga countin' my cash I should've known she was like the motha ho's I told the 2 Muthafuckaz to take off their clothes Butt naked nothin' left but the shoes I had up a 9 so they could'nt refuse I shot the nigga he was outa there And tied the bitch to the Muthafuckin' chair Now there's one less bitch I gotta worry about Everybody out, that's how it turns out One less, One less, One less bitch you gotta worry about! One less, One less, One less bitch you gotta worry about! .... MIX with Easy E sayin' : In reality - A fool is one who believes that all women are ladies A nigga is one who believes that all ladies are bitches, And all bitches are created equal. To me - all bitches are the same : Money hungry scandlist groopy ho's that's always riding on a nigga's dick. Always in a nigga's pocket and when the nigga runs out of money the bitch is gone in the wind. To me : ALL BITCHES AIN'T SHIT! One less, One less, One less bitch you gotta worry about! One less, One less, One less bitch you gotta worry about! ... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: N.W.A. Album: Efil4Zaggin Song: Findum Fuckum & Flee hehehehehehehahahahaha Yeah, it's me again... so check it out - ladies, not gentlemen Drop your draws, come and sit And let's get into this yeah .. Easily I'm aproachin' There ain't no jokin' When the pussy holes are open Ready to fuck until my dick is raw Yo! the muthafuckin' devil son of law Now it's the E, the mothafuckin' pussy beater And I'm a quick-up trick-up up a quid to trick up the bitch So come here bitch and lick up the lick up the lick up the dick Now how many nuts would it take for me, To let that bitch graduate to lesson 3, let's see... [Splash Splash ..] Ah you can see I straight wax that ass Back up bitch unless you want nut in your eye I never never ever ever seen a bitch cry Nut 1, nut 2 nut 4 5 6 I lost the 3rd nut in the mix - fuck it! Hey yo yella boy, let's rewind it! 6 5 4 nut 3 is up Gimme that gimme that gimme that nut You wanna feel the dick baby try your luck Because the E likes to fuck fuck fuck yo I get 'em stuck-on and get the fuck on Give 'em a dick to roam and tell 'em thanks for the pussy hole I find 'em fuck 'em and flee you know but before I d.o' yo, I take a ho' to the hotel to the motel to the holiday inn yo, if that bitch start fuckin' up [what's you do?] I'll just fuck her friend ... Ah Dr. Dre [what up?] , my mellow [yo] it's on you, so whatcha gonna do? Well, it's on and on and on and on Yo the beat don't stoppin' 'till the break o' dawn Yo, every bitch I know they wanna get with me The mothafuckin' notorious D-R-E Spit game at a bitch while a nigga's around And you know most ho's knows not to clown 'Cause if a bitch tries to diss me what the fuck I lick her I smack the bitch up and shoot the nigga that's with her That's the kind of nigga that you're listenin' to Talk to you for a minute get my dick in you .. yo NOW EVERY SINGLE BITCH GOT A PRICE TO PAY UP ON THE DICKS OF N.W.A I find 'em fuck 'em and flee you know but before I d.o' yo, I take a ho' to the hotel to the motel to the holiday inn [say what??!] if that bitch start fuckin' up, yo I'll just fuck her friend ... Now M.C. REN [what up] my mellow [a check it out] it's on you so what the fuck you're gonna do? Now gather 'round yo And check it out yo And all the bitches come and suck up all my balls yo And take a ticket to play with it like a slicky So put your lips on my big chocolate twinkie And you swallow all the nut If you bitches are smart To make my dick pop up like a pop-chart But after I nut I might leave you But first I must decieve you, because bitch I don't need you And don't say that you love me too 'Cause if I turn my back you would fuck the whole crew You're nothin' but a stank ho' tryin' to take my bank ho' So I have to let you know .. At a hotel And a motel And a holiday inn [say what??!] Because if that bitch starts fuckin' up yo, I'll just fuck her friend .. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: N.W.A. Album: Efil4Zaggin Song: Automobile Typed by: OHHLA.com [Eazy-E] Yo Dre man, I take this bitch out to the movies and shit Man we're kissin' and grindin' and shit, so we hop in the back seat You know man, this bitch rubbin' all over my dick and frontin' like she's gonna give me the pussy Man, and the bitch said 3 words, man: STOP, NO, and DON'T [oh shit] I said BIIIITTTTTTCCHH ... You don't have to front on me dear, [don't front me..] So why don't you just give that pussy hair? [hehehe ahah] If you'd be good to me, [yeah yeah] ohh I'll be good to you, [ahahha] and we'll both ride home in my automobile... [fuckin' head in this car] All that I want is a little puss' [that's all he wants] All that I want is just a little head [ahaha just a little bit] If you'd be good to me, [good] ohh I'll be good to you, [ah] and we'll both ride home in my automobile...  You don't have to front on me bitch, [don't front on me muthafuckin' bitch] Don't be afraid - it's only a dick [ahaha it's only a dick .. ] Give up the pussy soon, [yeah soon] All I want is a little woo, [little] or get your groupie ass out my hotel room [ahhhhhhhuuu] or get your groupie ass out my hotel room [get out get out...] All I want is the pussy [ha!] All I want is the pussy [pussy] All I want is the pussy [godamn right!] All I want is the pussy [pussy pussy pussy pussy..] If you'd be good to me, [yeah, ho'] ohh I'll be good to you, and we'll both ride home in my automobile [kick some more shit] we'll both ride home in my automobile... [ah yeah] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: N.W.A. Album: Efil4Zaggin Song: She Swallowed It Lesson 2 : Gently place the balls into the mouth and .. HAMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMM.. get it all baby .. get it all baby .. get it all baby .. "what you want me to do with it?" don't matter just don't bite it she swallowed it .. suck this dick for daddy she swallowed it .. usin' that lips she swallowed it .. it's the world's biggest dick "what do you want me to do with it?" don't matter just don't bite it Slow is the tempo Now talkin' but an info So peep it up here goes the info This is the bitches and the ho's crew She get it as much we make bets on who's the ho's we'd love to go through And for the shit that she does give her a drum role Because the dumb bitch licks out the asshole And a list of videotaper And if you got a gang of niggaz, the bitch would let you rape her She likes suckin' on dicks, and lickin' up nutz And they even take de broomstick at the butt Just to say that she did it with a rapper But the pussy was more fishy than red snapper "But how many licks would it take" She ax's "To make MC Ren start gooshin' up vanilla shake" She took her tongue out her mouth, put it on top Like a cherry, started movin' it like a snake and it was very Irresistable I could'nt pay the bitch to quit Cuz the ho' was doin' some ole' crazy shit That made me start havin' a fit' Cuz the bitch sucks de hellified dick .. [suck this dick] "It's the world's biggest dick" Don't matter just don't bite it "It's the world's biggest dick" Don't matter just don't bite it "What do you want me to do with it?" Don't matter just don't bite it She swallowed it .. Get it all baby! Now one night night I was at a drive-in And a car full of niggaz straight drove in I thought they wuz commin' to start trouble but no Five niggaz in the back it was de neighborhood ho' Now what do you expect they're gonna dogg her like a doggy Thirty minutes later and the windowz are all foggy And I'm off in my car havin' a fit' cuz de bitch that I'm with Sayz no fuckin' on the 1st date shit Now I'm like - Damn! I wish I was in the bucket To be with 6 niggaz with the ho' and I can fuck it So I told de ho' I was with that I'm goin' to de snack bar - And got de fuck out de car. Went to the bucket and I looked through the window It was some niggaz that I knew they let me in yo And my turn was like next I could'nt see a face, all I saw was de pussy and the chest I wanted to see the face, I felt the order Peep over the seat - OH SHIT! it's the preacher's doughter! And she's only 14 and a ho' But the bitch sucks dick like a specialized pro She looked at me, I was surprised But was it passin' up the chance of my dick gettin' backtide I told the bitch to do it quick : "You little ho' hurry up and suck my dick!" "It's the world's biggest dick" Don't matter just don't bite it "It's the world's biggest dick" Don't matter just don't bite it "What do you want me to do with it?" Don't matter just don't bite it She swallowed it .. Get it all baby! Now I'm a break it down with a fact - Since the last "Just don't bite it" girls don't know how to act Sayin' that they never would suck a dick But when they've tried it they could'nt quit Cuz not even bustin' the bitches today they love the shit And those are the main one's that say they don't do it But MC Ren knowz the bitches are used to it So fellows, next time they try to tell a lie That they never suck a dick punch the bitch in the eye And then the ho' will fall to the ground Then you'll open up her mouth - Put your dick in and move the shit around And she'll catch on and start doin' it on de raw Actin' like she's tryin' to suck a meet off a chicken bone And then she won't let go Because bitches suck nutt out of a dick just like dreino Get the last drop, unclog in de back Then the stupid bitch is at that with the same shit de next night Because she just can't quit Cuz she's addicted, addicted, addicted, addicted she's addicted, addicted, she's addicted to suck a good dick "It's the world's biggest dick" Don't matter just don't bite it "It's the world's biggest dick" Don't matter just don't bite it "What do you want me to do with it?" Don't matter just don't bite it She swallowed it .. Get it all baby! "It's the world's biggest dick" Don't matter just don't bite it "It's the world's biggest dick" Don't matter just don't bite it "What do you want me to do with it?" Don't matter just don't bite it She swallowed it .. Get it all baby! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: N.W.A. Album: Efil4Zaggin Song: I'd Rather Fuck You Eazy: Aaaah, this is one of them songs you can kick back and smoke a joint to. And get real fucked up. I like to dedicate this one to all the lovely young ladies out there. Oh me? I'm Eazy E, alias A Whole Taming Motherfucker. And I want all you ladies to know something... I'd rather fuck with you all goddamn night, cause your pussy's good. Now I'm fucking all your friends, cause you ran your mouth like I knew you would. You were bragging to your friends, saying "Eazy E knows how to fuck". So bring your ass in here and give me some, so I can bust a but (go on and sing that shit). Chorus: I'd rather fuck you, yeah (said I'd rather fuck with you) 2x I'd rather fuck with you, cause I like the way you scream my name. I know you like this dick, cause you enjoy the pleasure and pain. Now I'm riding on this pussy here, and I'm not gonna stop (I'm not gonna stop bitch). We can do it doggy style, and you can get on top (sing this motherfucker). Chorus Whoo boy, I'd rather fuck with you, yeah (sing that song bitch). I need you baby, whoo, I'd rather fuck you, I'd rather fuck with you. I'd rather fuck with you, cause the other bitches wanna wine and dine (fuck all that). I better hurry up and bust a nut, cause it's check-out time. She said she wanted me to eat the pussy, well I think I'll pass (I don't think so). So get your ass up you funky bitch, and wash your ass (sing this motherfucking shit). Chorus till fade out The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: N.W.A Album: Efil4zaggin Song: Approach to Danger Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Eazy-E speaking softly] What you want, is an unexpected approach That may delay a suspect's awareness, of your presence Until you have a chance to assess the situation, you are confronted [Eazy] Approach to danger... don't move "It's hard to predict what would happen next" (Oh shit, he has a gun!) Drop the gun [Eazy] You could've prevented a tragedy [MC Ren] You can approach, but the danger light is blinkin A self-desctruct button is activated when I'm thinkin This is a tribulation, the weak is judged The prophecy was fulfilled, cause I never budge I took up the tools, crucifixion was the extreme They're seein doubles of me, but it wasn't a dream One vision was of life, the other was death And life didn't give a fuck if death took your last breath So you burn in my pit that I call hell Where you got sent, because your shit don't sell My twenty-twenty was blurry from the smoke of the niggaz that I burned and tormented but I didn't choke I started doin 'em, I kept on doin 'em Two of 'em, shoot 'em up 'til that nigga Ren was through with 'em And my presence to the suckers was of a stranger But fuck it, they can approach to the danger [Eazy-E speaking softly] If you can be seen, you can be hit If you can be hit, you can be killed (He's on the line! Shoot him!) [Dr. Dre] Fatal approach to danger, just to remain a strangler Out run, the shot of a gun when the game's up Murder in the first degree, but it's worse to be a dead motherfucker or a nigga in custody With everybody thinkin of death I kept workin, to be one of the last niggaz left So many people lookin for hope, they broke without checkin the fingerprints on a motherfucker's throat A heart of steel can reveal the real nigga in me So figure to see, the D-E-A-D Bodies like a nigga straight walkin in a cemetary So it's very necessary to carry Ammunition for niggaz wishin but they better take caution Before Dre goes off and starts killin motherfuckers just in order to change the anger for the real nigga when I approach to danger [interlude] Approach the motherfuckin danger ("Come back to hell and see me some time!") ("This is it y'all") [Eazy-E] Final approach to danger, death, destruction around every corner Another dead body and you wanna keep runnin But even the rain turns black All you can do is stay alert and try to stay out of the searchlight No prison, nobody makes bail Everybody gotta go but see it ain't no jail Think about death, takin your last breath Heart beatin like a motherfucker like it ain't no time left With so many ways to stay up, I gotta get mine Even though they wanna make a crime, yo of bein real, a federal letter in the beginnin Because of the release of "Fuck the Police" Fuck it I approach the danger Cause I don't give a fuck if somebody gotta get fucked up So you might as well kiss your ass goodbye Cause in the long run ("we all die") The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: N.W.A. Album: Efil4Zaggin Song: The Dayz of Wayback What we gonna do right here is go back... Now this is some shit that's from the Dayz of Wayback, When niggas in Compton first started to jack. When the bitches wouldn't give you no pussy if you wasn't sellin' drug, So many bitches in my neighborhood got mugged. They always loved that shit. They want a nigga that's sellin' Ks. But nowadays they workin' at Mickey D's. But in the Dayz of Wayback I couldn't be laid back, Because I needed ends and I made that. I get the nine from my nigga that he lend me and Start robbin' muthafuckas, just like cowboys and indians. Anything it took to get paid. A nigga like Ren already had the plane made. And I was in it to win it and not to lose. And shit, it start blowin' up, once I lit the fuse. And police couldn't touch me because I was payin'em. But not with no money - Yo, I was frayin'em. And never get caught because nobody is snitch, But one hoe did - so Ren had to shoot the bitch! Now she's in a coffin and my life is better off and 'Cause everybody knows who's the bossin': That black nigga that they call Ren. You fuck with me, you gotta fuck with a Mac-10. So listen to me as I reminisce the Dayz of Wayback... So check it out y'all... It was once a time in the Dayz of Wayback When niggas was gettin' jacked. In fact it was one I used to pass through up, And kickin' ass through up. Muthafuckin' Compton Massacre... Now let me tell you a little something about Compton When I was a kid and puttin' my bid in. Yo, Compton was like still water - just strictly calm. Now it's like muthafuckin' Vietnam. Everybody killin', tryin' to make a killin', Niggas stealin', muthafuckas willin' to dealin'. With so many ways to come up The average nigga didn't give a fuck About another muthafucka in this game and Claimin' what he claimin', Livin' like he livin', Killin' after killin'. Murder was a dirty job. To rob a dead man Was the best plan 'cause a dead man never ran. But now your best friend is your worst friend. Greed, cash the fee. Make a me more some of what you holdin'. So now your shit is stolen And you and your niggas start rollin'. Yo, to get your shit back ain't a word of. Muff? It's more murder, more murder, more murder. They wanna make you think that it's a crack thang, Or a black thang Or some niggas in a muthafuckin' gang... But guns and money they go together like the Ku Klux Klan A nigga brung up and strung up. Why do I call myself a nigga you ask me? Rememberin' the days that's past me... Yo, never givin' niggas a chance to rest. The ghetto is like a fuckin' survival test. And number one way for you to pass, Yo, get treated like a king and they'll crown your ass. They never in the wrong though, So I made a song so Muthafuckas had know If, yo, livin situations make you wanna get a gat... That's 'cause you livin' in the Dayz of Wayback... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Dr. Dre f/ Snoop Doggy Dogg Album: The Chronic Song: The Chronic (Intro) Typed by: dy_face@hotmail.com [Intro: Dr. Dre] This is dedicated to the niggaz that was down from day one (*Cell Block opened*) Welcome to Death Row ..like we always do about this time [Snoop Doggy Dogg] Ha haa haaa haaa, yeah, nine deuce Death Row Records, creeping while you're sleeping Niggaz with attitudes, no Loc, niggaz on a motherfucking mission What up niggaz and niggettes? That crazy-Ass-nigga is back in the motherfucking hizzouse Yeah, with notorious Compton G D-R-E on a solo tip, fuck them other fools What up Ren? Yeah, dropping Chronic flakes on your ass bitch West Coast flavor Niggaz who talked shit, get dealt with real quick So if you wanna take a trip to the Row Let a nigga like Snoop Doggy Dogg know Protected by niggaz with big dicks, AK's and 187 skills So if it's must you test us We can handle it the streets nigga, fuck making records Yeah, G's up, whores down If that bitch can't swim, she bound to drizzown Peace to my nigga Drizzae, another platinum hit nigga Peace to The D.O.C, still making it funky enough And Death Row Records is in full motherfucking effizzect Awww yeah, PS: Fuck Mr. Roarke and Tattoo A.K.A. Jerry and Eazy Sincerely yours, deeez motherfucking nuuutz I don't love Eazy I don't love Jerry I don't love Ruthless Records Frankly, I don't love nothing they got to do with But.. but.. but you know what I what you do for me? Jerry and Eazy, check this shit right here I want y'all to put this bizzalls, in your jizzaws And walk them like a strizzaw, tell me what you sizzaw Yeah, you know what? - you know what? Fuck all y'all, fuck y'all, really though It's Death Row nigga You better ask somebody, you really better ask somebody Yeah, yeah, yeah, I don't know them no more [Outro: Dr. Dre] Yeah nigga, youse a penguin looking motherfucker The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Dr. Dre f/ Snoop Doggy Dogg Album: The Chronic Song: Fuck Wit Dre Day Typed by: OHHLA.com Yeah, hell yeah, knowhatI'msayin, yeah [Verse One: Dr. Dre] Mista Busta, where the fuck ya at? Can't scrap a lick, so I know ya got your gat Your dick on hard, from fuckin your road dogs The hood you threw up with, niggaz you grew up with Don't even respect your ass That's why it's time for the doctor, to check your ass, nigga Used to be my homey, used to be my ace Now I wanna slap the taste out yo mouth Make you bow down to the row Fuckin me, now I'm fuckin you, little ho Oh, don't think I forgot, let you slide Let me ride, just another homicide Yeah it's me so I'ma talk on Stompin on the 'Eazy'est streets that you can walk on So strap on your Compton hat, your locs And watch your back cause you might get smoked, loc And pass the bud, and stay low-key B.G. cause you lost all your homey's love Now call it what you want to You fucked wit me, now it's a must that I fuck wit you [Break One: Dre] Yeah, that's what the fuck I'm talkin about We have your motherfuckin record company surrounded Put down the candy and let the little boy go You knowhatI'msayin, punk motherfucker (**We want Eazy, we want Eazy**) [Verse Two: Snoop Doggy Dogg] Bow wow wow yippy yo yippy yay Doggy Dogg's in the motherfuckin house Bow wow wow yippy yo yippy yay Death Row's in the motherfuckin house Bow wow wow yippy yo yippy yay The sounds of a dog brings me to another day Play, with my bone would ya Timmy It seems like you're good for makin jokes about your jimmy But here's a jimmy joke about your mama that you might not like I heard she was the 'Frisco dyke But fuck your mama, I'm talkin about you and me Toe to toe, Tim M-U-T Your bark was loud, but your bite wasn't vicious And them rhymes you were kickin were quite bootylicious You get with Doggy Dogg oh is he crazy? With ya mama and your daddy hollin' Bay-Bee So won't they let you know That if you fuck with Dre nigga you're fuckin wit Death Row And I ain't even slangin them thangs I'm hollin' one-eight-seven with my dick in yo mouth, beotch [Break Two] Yeah nigga, Compton and Long Beach together on this motherfucker So you wanna pop that shit get yo motherfuckin crranium cracked nigga Step on up. Now, we ain't no motherfuckin joke so remember the name Mighty, mighty D-R. Yeahhh, MOTHERFUCKER! [Verse Three: Dre and Snoop] Now understand this my nigga Dre can't be touched Luke's bendin over, so Luke's gettin fucked, busta Musta, thought I was sleazy Or though I was a mark cause I used to hang with Eazy Animosity, made ya speak but ya spoke Ay yo Dre, whattup, check this nigga off loc If it ain't another ho that I gots ta fuck with Gap teeth in ya mouth so my dick's gots to fit With my nuts on ya tonsils While ya onstage rappin at your wack-ass concerts And I'ma snatch your ass from the backside To show you how Death Row pull off that whoride Now you might not understand me Cause I'ma rob you in Compton and blast you in Miami Then we gon creep to South Central On a Street Knowledge mission, as I steps in the temple Spot him, got him, as I pulls out my strap Got my chrome to the side of his White Sox hat You tryin to check my homey, you better check yo self Cause when you diss Dre you diss yourself, MOTHERFUCKER [Outro] Yeah, nine-deuce Dr. Dre, dropin chronic once again It don't stop, Punishing punk motherfuckers real quick like Doggy Dogg in the motherfuckin house Long Beach in the motherfuckin house Compton style nigga, straight up, really doe Breakin all you suckaz off somethin real proper like YouknowhatI'msayin? All these sucka ass niggaz can eat a fat dick Yeah, Eazy-E Eazy-E Eazy-E can eat a big fat dick Tim Dog can eat a big fat dick Luke, can eat a fat dick Yeah The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Dr. Dre Album: The Chronic Song: Let Me Ride Typed by: OHHLA.com Verse One Creepin' down the back street on Deez I got my glock cocked cuz niggaz want these Now soon as I said it, seems I got sweated By some nigga with a tech 9 tryin' to take mine ya wanna make noise, make noise I make a phone call my niggaz comin' like the Gotti boys bodies bein' found on Greenleaf with their fuckin heads cut off, motherfucker i'm Dre so listen to the play-by-play, day-by-day rollin' in my '4 with 16 switches And got sounds for the bitches, clockin' all the riches Got the hollow points for the snitches So would you just walk on by, cuz I'm too hard to lift and no this ain't Aerosmith It's the motherfuckin D-R-E, from the CPT on a ryhmin' spree, a straight G Hop back as i pop my top ya trip I let the hollow points commence to POP POP POP yeah, cuz if it don't stop I have to put my shit in reverse go back and take anothers stop Cause I'm (Rollin in my six-fo') with all the niggaz sayin Chorus: Swing down, sweet chariot stop and, let me ride hell yeah Swing down, sweet chariot stop and, let me ride with all the niggaz sayin Swing down, sweet chariot stop and, let me ride Hell yeah Swing down, sweet chariot stop and, let me ride Verse Two just another motherfuckin day for Dre so I begin like this No medallions, dreadlocks, or black fists it's just that gangster glare, with gangster raps that gangster shit, that makes the gang of snaps, uhh word to the motherfuckin streets and word to these hyped ass lyrics and dope beats, that I hit ya with that I, get ya with as I groove in my four on deez, hittin the switches bitches relax while I get my proper swerve on bumpin like a motherfucker ready to get my serve on but before I hit the dope spot I gotta get the chronic, the Reme Martin and my soda pop Now I'm smellin like indo-nesia bus stop full of fly bitches and skeezers on my dick, cause my four on hit pancake front and back, side to side and all that shit So when I crawl I comes correct Now, if your bitch in my shit, it's your bitch you check nigga Now let the Chevrolet slide As I dip a nigga trip to the south side, yeah (Rollin in my six-fo') with all the bitches sayin Chorus Verse Three Check this out The sun went down when I hit Slausson on my way to the strip, now I'm just flossin Checkin my rearview, cause niggaz they will do jack moves, black fools cause I smack fools Try to set me up for a two-eleven Fuck around and get caught up in a one-eight-seven but I don't represent no gangbang Some niggaz like lynchin but I just watch them hang so on, and so-on, why don't you let me roll on I remember back in the dayz when I used to have to get my stroll on Didn't nobody wanna speak; now everybody peepin out they windows when they hear me beatin up the streets Is it Dre? Is it Dre? That's what they say, every single motherfuckin day, yo But I ain't trippin I'm just kickin it While my deez keep spinnin and these hoes keep grinnin I'll be (Rollin in my six-fo') With everybody sayin Chorus: to end The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Dr. Dre f/ Daz, RBX, Snoop Doggy Dogg Album: The Chronic Song: The Day the Niggaz Took Over Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash 	(I'ma say this and I'ma end mine 	If you ain't down, for the Africans here 	in the United States, period point blank.. 	If you ain't down for the ones that suffered in South Africa  	from apartheid and shit 	Devil you need to step your punk ass to the side 	and let us brothers, and us Africans, step in 	and start puttin some FOOT, in that ass!!) "Break 'em off somethin" (repeat 8X) Chorus: Snoop Doggy Dogg (repeat 2X) I got my finger on the trigger so niggaz wonder why But livin in the city it's do-or-die [Daz] Dem wonder why me violent and no really understand For de reason why me take me law, in me own, hand Me not out for peace and me not Rodney King De gun goes - click, me gun goes - bang Dem riot in Compton and dem riot in Long Beach Dem riot in L.A. cause dem no really wanna see niggaz start to loot and police start to shoot Lock us down at seven o'clock, barricades us like Beirut Me don't show no love cause it's us against dem Dem never ever love me cause it's sport to break dem and kill, at my own risk, if I may to lay, to spray, with my AK, and put it to rest Interlude: (*female reporter*) 	(Yes we have 	There have been riots, ahh uh, rioting 	Well I don't wanna say rioting  	but there's been looting downtown 	But right now Bree, what I want to show you is 	they have started fires down at the end of the street) [All]	How many niggaz are ready to loot? [Snoop] Yeah, so what you wanna do? [Dre] 	What you wanna do? [All] 	I said how many niggaz are ready to loot? 	"Got myself a Uzi and my brother a 9" --> KRS-One 	(That's what they told us today 	In other words, you still a slave 	No matter how much money you got, you still ain't shit) [Dr. Dre] Sittin in my living room, calm and collected  Feelin that gotta-get-mine perspective cause what I just heard, broke me in half and half the niggaz I know, plus the niggaz on the Row is bailin Laugh now but cry much later Ya see when niggaz get together  they get mad cause they can't fade us Like my niggaz from South Central, Los Angeles They found that they couldn't handle us Bloods, Crips on the same squad with the Ese's help and nigga it's time to rob and mob (And break the white man off somthin lovely, biddy-bye-bye I don't love dem so dem can't love me) Yo, straight puttin it down gettin my scoot on It's jump in off in Compton so I gots to get my loot on and come up on me some furniture or somethin Got a VCR, in the back of my car that I ganked from the Slausson Swap Meet And motherfuckers better not try to stop me Cause they will see that I can't be stopped cause I'ma cock my Glock and pop til they all drop Interlude: (*female reporter, then male reporter*) 	(Yes on the videotape we seem to have the 	ahh, people in the crowd throwing things at the officers) 	(And swinging at them as well, as a result 	A young woman there, you see took a swing 	at at an officer with some object in her hand) [All]	How many niggaz are ready to move? [Snoop] Yeah, so what you wanna do? [Dre] 	What you wanna do? [All] 	I said how many niggaz are ready to move? 	"Got myself a Uzi and my brother a 9" --> KRS-One Chorus [RBX] One-Time trigger happy, no nigga love One-eighty-seven time, time to grab the glove Can't get prints on a nine I throw away or get prints on my Uzi when it spray POP POP, POP, another motherfucker drop And I get relief like, "plop plop fizz" Smash, I crashed his head like a window I ain't Nintendo, I'm high off the indo Creepin, with the quickness, to the cut Bust, one to his head, while he munches on a donut and crack-up, so now he best to back up I guess I gots to pack up, filling, the clip up I zip up-town, but motherfuckin cops are all around Helicopters flyin, these motherfuckers tryin to catch me and stretch me on Death Row But hell no, suppose black refuse to go?? Interlude: (*male reporter*) 	(This is now coverin a very, very wide area of Los Angeles 	where these fires have been, aah, ignited 	I mean, from here to the, aah 	to the South end of South Central is a long way "Break 'em off somethin" (repeat 8X) [Daz] The outcome of this is destruction, so them all fall Niggaz don't give a fuck, so them bust and them fall The, description of three blacks shows no justice, so, pick up it's your right If you riot again, me, turn the other cheek We, be too many, me got, me nine to my side So me bust, flick, cause he don't give a fuck and me don't give a fuck And all my problems end with that BUCK BUCK [Snoop Doogy Dogg] Blak blam, blam til dem fall Listen to the shots from my nigga Doggy Dogg, biddy-bye Dr. Dre, him bust gun shots Diggity Daz and RBX, dem bust gun shots Come again! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Dr. Dre f/ Snoop Doggy Dogg Album: The Chronic  Song: Nuthin' But a 'G' Thang  Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Snoop Doggy Dogg] One, two, three and to the fo' Snoop Doggy Dogg and Dr. Dre is at the do' Ready to make an entrance, so back on up (cause you know we're bout to rip shit up) Gimme the microphone first, so I can bust like a bubble Compton and Long Beach together, now you know you in trouble Ain't nuttin but a G thang, baaaaabay! Two loc'ed out niggaz so we're craaaaazay! Death Row is the label that paaaaays me! Unfadeable, so please don't try to fade this (Hell yeah!) But uhh, back to the lecture at hand Perfection is perfected, so I'ma let em understand from a young G's perspective And before me dig out a bitch I have to find a contraceptive You never know she could be earnin her man and learnin her man -- and at the same time burnin her man Now you know I ain't with that shit, Lieutenant Ain't no pussy good enough to get burnt while I'm up in it (YEAH!) And that's realer than Real-Deal Holyfield And now you hookers and hoes know how I feel Well if it's good enough to get broke off a proper chunk I'll take a small piece of some of that funky stuff [Dr. Dre and Snoop] It's like this and like that and like this and uh It's like that and like this and like that and uh It's like this and like that and like this and uh [S]	Dre, creep to the mic like a phantom [Dr. Dre] Well I'm peepin, and I'm creepin, and I'm creep-in But I damn near got caught, cause my beeper kept beepin Now it's time for me to make my impression felt So sit back, relax, and strap on your seatbelt You never been on a ride like this befo' with a producer who can rap and control the maestro At the same time with the dope rhyme that I kick You know, and I know, I flow some ol funky shit to add to my collection, the selection symbolizes dope, take a toke, but don't choke If you do, you'll have no clue on what me and my homey Snoop Dogg came to do [Dr. Dre and Snoop] It's like this and like that and like this and uh It's like that and like this and like that and uh It's like this [D]	And who gives a fuck about those? [S]	So just chill, til the next episode 	{*funky sample break*} [Snoop Doggy Dogg] Fallin back on that ass, with a hellafied gangsta lean Gettin funky on the mic like a old batch of collard greens It's the capital S, oh yes I'm fresh, N double-O P D O double-G Y, D O double-G, ya see Showin much flex when it's time to wreck a mic Pimpin hoes and clockin a grip like my name was Dolomite Yeah, and it don't quit I think they in the mood for some motherfuckin G shit (Hell yeah!) So Dre (Whattup Dogg?) Gotta give em what they want (What's that, G?) We gotta break em off somethin (Hell yeah!) And it's gotta be bumpin (City of Compton!) [Dr. Dre] It's where it takes place so when asked, yo' attention Mobbin like a muh'fucker, but I ain't lynchin Droppin the funky shit that's makin the sucka niggaz mumble When I'm on the mic, it's like a cookie, they all crumble Try to get close, and your ass'll get smacked My motherfuckin homie Doggy Dogg has got my back Never let me slip, cause if I slip, then I'm slippin But if I got my Nina, then you know I'm straight trippin And I'ma continue to put the rap down, put the mack down And if you bitches talk shit, I'll have to put the smack down Yeah, and you don't stop I told you I'm just like a clock when I tick and I tock But I'm never off, always on, to the break of dawn C-O-M-P-T-O-N, and the city they call Long Beach Puttin the shit together Like my nigga D.O.C., "No One Can Do it Better" [Dr. Dre and Snoop] Like this, that and this and uh It's like that and like this and like that and uh It's like this [D]	And who gives a fuck about those? [S]	So just chill, til the next episode 	{*funky sample break*} -> repeat 3X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Dr. Dre f/ Daz, Nate Dogg, Snoop Dogg, Warren G Album: The Chronic  Song: Deeez Nuuuts  Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash {*dial tone, then numbers being dialed*} [Warren G] Let me call this old bitch, see what this bitch doin {*mumbling*} Call this bitch, raggedy-ass, shit man [Some Gal] Hello? [Warren G] Whassup?! [Some Gal] Nothin, whatchu doin? [Warren G] Nuttin, just kickin it [Some Gal] Are y'all done? [Warren G] Nah, whatchu gon' do today? [Some Gal] Umm.. pick up my stuff from the cleaners [Some Gal] Might go get my nails done [Warren G] Seriously [Some Gal] Why whassup? [Warren G] Ay did did did whats-a-name done get at you yesterday? [Some Gal] Who? [Warren G] {*singing*} Deeez nuuuts! [Some Gal] Aw shut up nigga! [comedy skit] "I wanna ask you one question If I had some nuts, hangin on the walls, what did I have honey?" I said, "Darling you'd have some walnuts." She said, "Well.. daddy if I had some nuts on my chest, would those be chestnuts?" I said, "Hell yes!" She said, "Well daddy if I had nuts under my chin would those be chin-nuts?" I said, "Hell no bitch you'd have a dick in your mouth!" {*echoes*} Chiggie check [Andre] Microphone, check one Chiggie check [Andre] Microphone, check two Chiggie check [Andre] Microphone, check three [Snoop] Check game from the no-torious Compton G [Dr. Dre] Back with some shit that gots to bump  As you pull up in the park you pops the trunk Just to floss it like a motherfuker, clownin an' shit Got the Dana's on your hooptie and your fly-ass bitch Throw off, go off, show off, I take that hoe If she proper, I'ma pop her, the hole hopper It's back on the track With big money, big nuts, and a big fat chronic sack [Snoop] So Daz, step up on they ass And give these motherfuckers a blast from the past [Daz] Diggidy Daz out of the cut with some shit that I wrote With my nigga D-R-E, so you know I must be dope But uh, rat-tat-tat-tat that ass Startin static with Dre, make way for the AK that I bring as I slang like cavi Not from Kris Kross but they call me Mac Daddy Had he, not known about the city I'm from Long Beach, tic tac, grab your gat, watch your back Here I come, stompin in my kahki suit B.G. from the hood, kinfolk Eastwood God damn, I ripped up, flipped up, and skipped up on top of things as they swing towards my ding-a-ling [Snoop] But could you raise up off his nuts? Cause Dr. Drizze's about to rizzip shit up Chiggie check [Andre] Microphone, check one Chiggie check [Andre] Microphone, check two Chiggie check [Andre] Microphone, check three [Snoop] You're tuned to the sounds of the D-R-E [Dr. Dre] Now check me out, it's back to the old school Where the niggaz get they strap on, don't nobody cap on Slap on some D-R-E Or some funky ass shit by the D-O-double-G-Y D-O-double-G Real G's who drop ki's Protect these, N-U-T's, so nigga please Peep out my manuscript You'll see that it's a must I drop gangsta shit (BE-OTCH!) So recognize game from the gangsta Thangs will remain the same until I change 'em [Snoop] It's real easy to see So you can check sounds from Nate D-O-double-G [Nate Dogg] I can't be faded I'm a nigga from the motherfuckin street... I can't be faded I'm a nigga from the motherfuckin street... I can't be faded I'm a nigga from the motherfuckin street... I can't be faded I'm a nigga from the motherfuckin street I heard you wanna fuck with Dre You picked the wrong motherfuckin day Here we go, toe to toe, flow for flow Let me know if you think you can fade Death Row I heard you wanna fuck with Dre You picked the wrong, motherfuckin day Here we go, toe to toe, flow for flow Let me know if you think you can fade Death Row I can't be faded I'm a nigga from the motherfuckin street... I can't be faded I'm a nigga from the motherfuckin street... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Dr. Dre f/ Daz, Snoop Doggy Dogg Album: The Chronic  Song: Lil' Ghetto Boy  Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro - Speaker] {*crowd in background*} So, all of you Africans All of you Africans that wanna do thangs that's workin for other people Y'all need to open your own business Save your money, quit payin motherfuckers with jheri curls Quit payin motherfuckers with perms Save your money, start your own business and you true Africans, will have put hundreds to work This is our future right here, this out future right here 	{*applause*} (This some shit! The new generation is on! The new generation!) Hey, I'ma tell you right now.. If if if I have to die today, for this little African right here to have a future I'm a dead motherfucker (You right!) [Verse One: Snoop Doggy Dogg] Wake up, jumped out my bed I'm in a two-man cell, with my homie Lil 1/2 Dead Murder was the case that they gave me Dear God, I wonder can you save me I'm only eighteen, so I'm a young buck It's a riot, if I don't scrap, I'm getting stuck But that's the life of a G, I guess Ese's way deep, shanked two in the chest Best, run, cause brothers is droppin quicker Ughh, too late, damn, down goes another nigga Bouncin off the walls, throwin them dogs Gettin that rep, as a young hog It ain't nuttin like the street life You betta be strapped wit yo' shank cause ain't no fist fight So I guess I gots ta handle mine Since I did the crime, I gots ta do my time [Daz] Them say me grow up to be nuttin, look at me now what do you see I am what I am it's only me Lil' ghetto boy.. playin in the ghetto streets Whatcha gonna do when you grow up.. and have to face responsibility? [Verse Two: Dr. Dre] Now I'm holdin the dove, sittin on swoll Twenty-seven years old, up for parole, stroll I'm back up on my feet wit my mind on the money that I'll be makin soon as I touch the street Thangs done changed on this side Remember they used to thump - but now they blast, right But it ain't no thang to me Cause now I'm what they call a loc'd-ass O.G. The little homies from the hood wit grip are the ones I get with cause I'm down to set-trip  Nigga, I'm bigger than you, so whatchu wanna do? Didn't know we had a twenty-two Straight sittin behind his back I grabbed his pockets and then I heard six caps I fell to the ground.. with blood on my hands, I didn't understand How a nigga so young could bust a cap I used to be the same way back I guess that's what I get (For what?) For tryin to jack them little homies for they grip [Daz] Me learn many things of what me see from the streets The outcome of what I come to be [Verse Three: Snoop Doggy Dogg] Somethin for the real O.G.'s to get wit Some facts, made our made, now you runnin but I'm played like every single day, really doe You know me, I'm the smooth macadamian, gamin them for my homie No need to be uncalm if you pack right And learnin just enough to keep your sack right Late nights, I wonder what they gettin fo' Early mornin on the corners, what they hittin fo' Seven young G's put they serve down In a G-ride, Eastside's where they swerve now Not thinking about what's really goin on Got crept on, stepped on, now they gone I spent four years in the county wit nuttin but convicts around me But now I'm back at the Pound And we expose ways, for the youth to survive Some think it's wrong but we tend to think it's riiight So make all them ends you can make cause when you're broke, you break, check it out So ain't no need for your mama to trip Cause you's a hustling ass youngsta, clockin your grip [Daz] And now me life as you can see, still an O.G. for life and always remain to be, a little ghetto boy.. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Dr. Dre Album: The Chronic Song: A Nigga Witta Gun Typed by: davpaul@dove.net.au Who is the man with the masterplan? A nigga witta motherfuckin gun 44 reason come to mind Why you motherfuckin brothers' hard to find He be walkin on the streets and fuckin with mine Stupid punk can't fuck with a mastermind See I never take a step on a Compton block or LA without the AK ready to pop Cos them punk motherfuckers in black and white Ain't the only motherfuckers I gots to fight I thinks it's better to be retellin the facts than cuffed up and jacked and fucked up What you niggas lookin at? You goin goddamn! Cos it's the city and for you to survive a nigga gotta be a gangsta And I'm a nigga you can't remove Took out a lot of motherfuckers for tryin to prove To their homies that they can hang by dealin with me But once again in the end they D-E-A-D I never did time on a murder yet Cos I relax and back, do a job and jet Yo I know you understand my flow So here we go with Death Row Come let a motherfucker know Who is the man with the masterplan? A nigga witta motherfuckin gun Who is the man with the masterplan? A nigga witta motherfuckin gun D-R-E A motherfucker who's known for carryin gats and kick raps that make snaps Adapts to anything violent that I'm located at If you see me on the solo moves best believe that I'm strapped 4-4, .tre-8 or AK-47 Cos slowly but surely send you on a stairway to heaven Just put my finger on the trigger and pull back and lay a punk motherfucker flat As he wonder what popped before he got popped I told you I was Dre and you know it don't stop Now I know you understand my flow So here we go with Death Row Come let a motherfucker know Who is the man with the masterplan? A nigga witta motherfuckin gun Who is the man with the masterplan? A nigga witta motherfuckin gun Who is the man with the masterplan? A nigga witta motherfuckin gun Who is the man with the masterplan? A nigga witta motherfuckin gun I breaks em off, I breaks em off yeah I breaks em off, I breaks em off yeah I breaks em off but I ain't speakin about between the thighs I'm talkin about cockin a gauge in between your eyes That'll make you drop to your knees cos you realise that a gat will make any nigga civilised Old buster ass nigga talkin bullshit Don't know that I'm the wrong nigga to fuck with Get lit or hit up by the doctor A nigga that breaks em off proper-ly Real G so doubt it I'm the one who's doin it while these other niggas talk about it And if motherfuckers come at me wrong I straight put my .44 Desert Eagle to his motherfuckin dome And show him why they call me the notorious one The name's Dre Eastwood when I'm packin a gun You don't believe me, well step up and give it a try And if you die youse a buster cos real niggas don't die But some still don't hear me though You're too near me not to hear me, nigga yo So now you know Who is the man with the masterplan? A nigga witta motherfuckin gun Who is the man with the masterplan? A nigga witta motherfuckin gun Who is the man with the masterplan? A nigga witta motherfuckin gun Who is the man with the masterplan? A nigga witta motherfuckin gun The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Dr. Dre  Album: The Chronic  Song: Rat-a-Tat-Tat  Typed by: OHHLA.com hey man, don't you know  in order for us to make this thing work  we gotta get rid of the pimps, and the pushers, and then start  all over agian clean  NIGGAZ you crazy!  Once again  the mighty Death Row organization commitin' mass murder  and we ain't askin for shit, nigga we takin'  it, so Dre, BLAST they ass nigga  Rat-tat-tat-tat late at night with my gat  on the streets of LA  wonderin' where the pussy at  staright for ya, looking for a hoe  hangin' out, rollin in my '64  16 swicthes for the niggaz in my hood  17 shells so i make it understood  stay back, lay back, way back in the cut  ya come outside nigga ya gettin' fucked up  but i told ya, Creep, Creep ya best move  like Luthor Vadros, fuckn' up the west coast  i'm right back up in ya when ya nut  1-2-3 nut, from the D-R-E but  this is for the hoes that i used to know  when i didn't have my '64 and a lot of doe  i keep ya this and like that  and i...  Never hesitate to put a nigga on his back  rat-tat-tat-tat tat ta tat like that, and i..  never hesitate to put a nigga on his back  rat-tat-tat-tat tat ta tat like that, and i...  Never hesitate to put a nigga on his back  Ohh wait, that's that nigga that owe ya that grip  ya,t ehre that fool is  break him off proper then  what's up, what's happinin' ?  i'm the man  nigga you delinquent, can i get those in?  nigga, pay this nigga here  [i ain't got yo money]  well, yo, check this out, nigga  what's up *slaps around some guy that owes them money*  what's up?  what's up?  ya motherfucker  [i'll be back though, i'll be back]  ya, you ain't never comin' back  Never hesitate to put a nigga on his back  yeah nigga  Rat-tat-tat-tat like that, and i..  never hesitate to put a nigga on his back  [chorus]  Creepin and peepin' and i can get with these  the chronic, slangin' fat keys from my block  and it don't stop  tell me where ya wanna go  to the strip  or take a trip bawlin' with the row  my shit off in ya system  indo smoke in ya lungs, like that  and you can lift it, on, and a fist a bomb  takin' away like hell at Veitnam  California, back in and on a mission, makin a point  ain't no fuckin' competition  they wish they was a runnin' up in reality  CPT, CAL my locality  it's strage how i re-arange and change the buisness  by droppin' shit like this  dope, ya can't cope with the real  i peal, in the penatentaries, and when i kill it goes...  rat-tat-tat-tat like that, and i... never hesitate to put a nigga on his  back  [chourus]  Straight up, now you niggaz know where my homey's comin' from  so quit the chit-chat, before ya find yourself flat on your biz-out, fool  it's 9-duce, Dr Drizzay, is sittin on Tizzart! it don't stop  treartin' buster's like a punk ass kizzart!  BEEEYYACHH! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Dr. Dre f/ Kurupt, The Lady of Rage, RBX Album: The Chronic Song: Lyrical Gangbang Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash 	"This.. should be played at high volume 	Preferably.. in a residential area" [The Lady of Rage] Now I'ma kick up -- dust, as I begin to bust on the wick-wack, fucked up suckers ya can't trust When I kick up, I lick up, ya face get smacked up when I rack up, so all you motherfuckers just pack up or get slapped with the swiftness If you think you're swift with the gift Merry Christmas Now stuff that in your stockin I'm knockin em out the box 'n' knockin em out their socks 'n', cause Robin is rockin Breakin em down to the -- slab Takin em down on their -- ass Now what you wanna do, ya wanna battle, uhh? Send you up shit creek without a motherfuckin paddle Rattle -- that brain, I'm not that same ol' plain Jane Roll on you like a boulder, you're nothin more than a grain or a pebble, take it from the real rap rebel Not Bushwick Bill but I can take it to 'That Other Level' You think you got pull then pull it, uhh! I got the trigger so I figure you'll bite the bullet then bite the dust and wipe the fuss Do what I must, and what I must - is bust the bubble, or choose some trouble, for you So skip to my Luger, Lady of Rage is comin through 	{*cut n scratch* "Some cool shit" 2X*} 	{*"Boo-yaa! Spittin out buckshots" -> B-Real*} [Kurupt] I fears no one, I makes em cool off like a polar cat Lynchin, as a hit, misses the roll of dice Pushin packs to make a profit Diggy dope duck on the topic so stop and gimme my props, kid I'm livin large like a fat bitch So get back, bitch, I'm hard to bogart, for the faggots This young black kid, a mercenary, merciless Murderin millions of niggaz so who's first to diss They say I'm bad so you'll find none worse than this Chewin motherfuckers up like a Hershey Kiss Put to sleep, lovin the lyrics I leave in the minds of each Roogh when flex, too complex, wrecks your mental piece So feel the wrath, nigga, I rip in half niggaz You're quick to talk shit, I whoop your ass nigga Then watch me blast, nigga, cause I'm the last nigga you wanna fuck wit, so up your cash, nigga I make em stagger, I'm skanless as Jimmy Swaggart I'm a good tracker, scopin your girl then watch me tag her Pullin steel like a stunt Sewn like an ID card, nigga, no needs to front, so here to torment I put track on crack And I'm strapped wit a semi-tone milli-ten Mac Yo, I breaks em off, I breaks em off, chief Deadly as Jason on Friday the 13th 	{*"A to the motherfuckin K*" -> Cypress Hill} [RBX] Back in the days, niggaz they use to scrap but now in ninety-two, niggaz they pull they strap cause umm, police dem come wicked and dem shoot niggaz, so niggaz retaliate and start to loot Execute, boot, stompin Black soldier, here to teach and mould ya The innovator, dominator, narra-rator R-B to the motherfuckin X -- flex wicked Stylee me, bump and be found and do bleed by a maniac, with a gat See nowadays niggaz is like that I pull my trigger back, the bullets go BO! BO! BO! Now I'm on Death Row Fuck it, niggaz goin wild Everynight they shoot, it's like Bei-rut Maybe you should get a teflon vest for your chest anytime steppin through my hood But that'll do you no good One slug to your face, no haste you're gettin smoked like wood Nasty nigga bloody pumps face flat on the concrete, here comes the white sheet Mr. Coroner, cocked with some yellow tape but, the murderers escape Audi like 5 G's Lyrical gangbang but it's just a G thang The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Dr. Dre f/ Daz, The Lady of Rage, RBX Album: The Chronic Song: High Powered Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Dr. Dre] Yo yo whassup man? Yo man gimme some of that old.. gangsta ass shit, y'knahmsayin? Some shit I can just kick back and smoke a fat-ass joint to, y'knahmsayin? Ehehehahahahtchktchk Hell yeah! Know what I'm talkin about? I like that old gangsta shit Cause you know it's a lot of niggaz out there woofin all that bullshit talkin bout they got this and got that Talkin louder than a motherfucker but ain't sayin shit Heh.. y'knowhatI'msayin? {*Lady of Rage vocals in the background while Dre speaks:  "Come come come again, come come come again, get wit da wickedness" (6X)  "Come.. come.. come.. come.. come.. come.. get wit da wickedness"  "Come come come again, come come come again, get wit da wickedness" (4X)*} [Dr. Dre] Yeah nigga I see your lips quiverin but you ain't sayin a motherfuckin thang But my niggaz, I got my niggaz in the motherfuckin he-ouse and they gon' tell you what's REALLY goin on Got my motherfuckin nigga RBX -- definitely in this motherfucker I got my nigga Daz in this motherfucker Ready to kick some real shit, knahmsayin? And that lil' shit you hear in the background -- that's my homegirl Rage So RBX kick this shit [RBX] Seven execution style murders I have no remorse cause I'm the fuckin murderer Haven't you ever heard of a killer? {***LOUD EXPLOSION***} I drop bombs like Hiroshima So now I walk around strapped One-time bust they caps and watch niggaz collapse Snap! Adapt to this, but you need no adapter This is just the first chapter in a book from a crook You get caught slippin, yo' ass gots ta die Nigga, tell me what the fuck you figure? Trigger, happy RBX to cap ya PUMP PUMP, and I can't wait to bust a round PUMP PUMP, my hollow point smacks the clown Cause what I said split his head And now they got me runnin from the Feds But I refuse to go alive It's kill or be killed, that's how real niggaz survive I'm high powered! [Daz] Yeah! It's Daz that mass-murderin motherfucker So what you feel like you wanna get caught up? Fool you better recognize Death Row came to chastise So if you cross the Row Remember the first name is Death No love for the other side The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Dr. Dre f/ Bushwick Bill, Tha Dogg Pound Album: The Chronic Song: Stranded on Death Row Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro: Bushwick Bill] Yes.. it is I says me.. And all who agree.. are more than three, cause they we.. (*laughter*) Yes.. yo! I'm in the house now for sure Because I wanna talk about the hearts of men who knows what evil lurks within them But let's take a travel down the blindside And see what we find on this... path... called... [Verse One: Kurupt] Stranded on Death Row, so duck when I swing my shit I get rugged like Rawhead Rex with fat tracks that fits The gangsta type, what I recite's kinda lethal Niggaz know, the flow that I kick, there's no refill I'm murderin niggaz, yo, and maybe because of the tone I kicks when I grip the mic and kick shit niggaz can't fuck with So remember I go hardcore, and slam Nuff respect like a sensei, ba-bash like Van Damme So any nigga that claim they bossin What don't you bring your ass on over to Crenshaw and Slausson Take a walk through the hood, and we up to no good Slangin on things like a real O.G. should I'm stackin and mackin and packin a ten so When you're slippin, I slip the clip in, but ain't no set-tripppin Cause it's Death Row, rollin like the mafia Think about whoopin some ass, but what the fuck stoppin ya? Ain't nathin but a buster I'm "Stranded on Death Row" for pumpin slugs in motherfuckers Now you know you're outdone, feel the shotgun Kurupt inmate cell block one [Verse Two: RBX] No prevention from this lynchin of sorts Your're a victim, from my driveby of thoughts No extensions, all attempts are to fail Blinded by the light, it's time you learn braile From the lunatic, I'm death like arsenic When I kick a wicked raps, Dr. Dre will hit the scratch With treachery, my literary form will blast And totally surpass the norm Not a storm, plural, make it, many storms When I'm vexed, I fly leg necks and arms In this dimension, I'm the presenter And the inventor, and the tormentor Deranged, like the Hillside Strangler MC mangler, tough like Wrangler I write a rhyme, hard as concrete Step to the heat and get burned like mesquite! So what you wanna do? The narrator RBX, cell block two [Verse Three: The Lady of Rage] Rage, lyrical murderer; "Stranded on Death Row" And now I'm servin a - lifetime sentence There'll be no repentence Since it's the life that I choose to lead I plead guilty On all counts let the ball bounce where it may It's just another clip into my AK Buck 'em down with my underground tactics Facts and stacks of clips on my matress - bed frame there's another dead, bang Layin lame put to shame, who's to blame? Me, the Lady of Rage, a woman comin from the D-E-A-T-Hin, R-O-W takin, no shit So flip and you're bound to get dropped It's 187 on motherfuckers don't stop Handcuffed as I bust there'll be no debate It's Rage, from cell block eight [Verse Four: Snoop Doggy Dogg] Aiyyo steppin through the fog and creepin through the smog It's the number one nigga from the hood Doggy Dogg Makin videos, now I stay in Hollywood Bustin raps for my snaps now they call me Eastwood Dre is the Dr. and my homey little nigga Warren G is my hand and my hand's on the trigga Shootin at the hoes with the game that I got Sent to Death Row cause I wanted to make a grip from servin my rocks And I'm still, servin for mines, peace to my motherfuckin homies doin time In the pen and the county jail Mobbin with your blues on, mad as hell And you say yeah fuck the police And all the homies on the streets is all about peace And it's drivin the cops crazy But ain't nuttin but a black thing bay-bee, uhhh {*Snoop starts singing*} Uhh I'm not flaggin, but I'm just saggin I betcha don't wanna see the D-O double G And you can't see, the D-R to the E Or my motherfuckin homey D.O.C. You know you can't fuck with my motherfuckin DJ That's my homey and we call him Warren G {*Snoop stops singing*} Yeah, and you don't stop Doggy Dogg break 'em down with the motherfuckin Dogg Pound That's the only way we'll beat 'em man We gotta smoke 'em, then choke 'em like the motherfuckin peter man It's like three and to the two and two and to the one Cell block four peace Doggy Dogg's done [Outro: Bushwick Bill] Yo, now you know the path I'm on You think you're strong, see if you can travel on Cause only the weak, will try to speak Those who are quiet, will always cause riots There's three types of people in the world Those who don't know what happened Those who wonder what happened And people like us from the streets that MAKE things happen! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Dr. Dre f/ Daz, Emmage, Jewell, Lady of Rage, RBX, Ruben, Snoop Doggy Dogg Album: The Chronic Song: The Roach (The Chronic Outro) Typed by: dy_face@hotmail.com [Verse One: RBX] Cannabis Sativa, ha ha, or in the heart of L.A. known as the Chronic Not to be confused with the Bionic Even though, it does cost six million dollars Man, understand, ah, ha, ha Now, we're working with some new improved shit on this track Nevertheless, not no stress, sucker ass niggaz!! So now we're gonna move on and uhh... Light a big fat one up for the world; and hit this Once or twice and you'll be twice as nice, get it? This is the Chronic, ahh, hha, hha [Interlude #1: Ruben] Play that motherfucker out there, nigga!! [Chorus: Emmage, Daz Dillinger & Jewell] Make my Bud the Chronic, I wants to get fucked Make my shit the Chronic, I gots to fire it up I want the bomb, I want the Chronic I gots to get fucked up Make my Bud the Chronic, before I take it home [Verse Two: RBX] Stay in my last joint, don't fuck with me fool Pass the bud, Who got the dope sacks? WooooooWheee, this is shouting a motherfucker, man [Snoop Dogg] You can take it or leave it, nigga But I need a spliff right now [Lady of Rage] Roll this shit up then, nigga And I don't want no Sess, brother It's got to be the Chronic, you know what I mean, nigga? (*Inhale*) Yeah, that's the Chronic That's the Chronic, that's the Bomb bud [Lady of Rage] You ain't never lied, nigga Now, get me a motherfucking Zig-Zag and we're straight [Snoop Dogg] Yeah nigga, I got some of that Or better yet, a motherfucking blunt  [Lady of Rage] I got that shit  A Philliy blunt that is [Lady of Rage] See you dog [Chorus: Emmage, Daz Dillinger & Jewell X2] Make my Bud the Chronic, I wants to get fucked Make my shit the Chronic, I gots to fire it up I want the bomb, I want the Chronic I gots to get fucked up Make my Bud the Chronic, before I take it home [Interlude #2: RBX] God, damn, I'm fucked up!! [Lady of Rage] Damn, I'm fucked up too That shit ain't no joke, awww, shit No, I want no more, I want shit Just leave me alone, just let me chill out And listen to this shit, I'm high! [Chorus: Emmage, Daz Dillinger & Jewell X2] Make my Bud the Chronic, I wants to get fucked Make my shit the Chronic, I gots to fire it up I want the bomb, I want the Chronic I gots to get fucked up Make my Bud the Chronic, before I take it home [Verse Three: RBX] That's fucked up, what they put in this weed? That's why they call this shit Chronic [Lady of Rage] I think your ass is high Uhh, damn, damn, damn, shit Fucked up, fucked up, fucked, raises the fuck up Really though, really though Now, I'm cooler than a motherfucker That shit, that shit is, that shit's crazy, man I'm high, damn, that nigga Dre served some shit now.. Oohhhh, I'm ready to fuck some shit up now, baby [Emmage] Ohh, you can come on and fuck me up Hmm, hmm, triple cheeseburger [Emmage] Awww, you're just talking about some food Some fries, and motherfucking couple of Sodas and shit And.. hot apple turnovers and all the old shit, nigga (*Yawn*) I'm ready to get my mind on The Bud smells good than a motherfucker too I don't want hit no more of that old shit  That shit is nice to be fucked with Nice to be fucked with, I'm hiiighh Ohhh, nigga, you pass that shit to somebody else Nigga, I'm through for the night Really though, really though, nigga Let's go and get some food and get up out this motherfucker Cause uhh.. no nigga, don't be trying to pass me that shit Nigga, I told you I'm cool, ohh, maddness! [Outro: Ruben] Ha, I got another dope sack, nigga, Ha ha ha * Music fades out The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Dr. Dre f/ Snoop, Daz, Kurupt, Jewell Album: The Chronic Song: Bitches Ain't Shit Typed by: mrmaj@juno.com Snoop: Bitches ain't shit but hoes and tricks... chorus: Snoop (2X) Bitches ain't shit but hoes and tricks Lick on deez nutz and suck the dick Get's the fuck out after you're done And I hops in my ride to make a quick run... Dr. Dre I used to know a bitch named Eric Wright We used to roll around and fuck the hoes at night Tight than a mutharfucka with the gangsta beats And we was ballin' on the muthafuckin' Compton streets Peep, the shit got deep and it was on Number 1 song after number 1 song Long as my muthafuckin' pockets was fat I didn't give a fuck where the bitch was at But she was hangin' with a white bitch doin' the shit she do Suckin' on his dick just to get a buck or 2 And the few ends she got didn't mean nothin' Now she's suing cuz the shit she be doin' ain't shit Bitch can't hang with the streets, she found herself short  So now she's takin' me to court It's real conversation for your ass So recognize and pass to Daz Daz: Now as i'm rollin' with my nigga Dre and Eastwood Fuckin' hoes, clockin' dough up to no good We flip flop and serve hoes like flap jacks (Snoop: But we don't love them hoes) Bitch, and it's like that This is what you look for in a ho who got cash flow Ya run up in them hoes and grab the cash And get your dash on  While you're chillin', with your homies and shit  And how my niggaz kick the anthem like this (Snoop: BEEEYYAAACHHH!) (chorus) Kurupt: ...To the store, to get me a 4-0 Snoop Doggy Dogg paged, that must mean more hoes So I head down the street to long beach Just so i could meet, a freak  To lick me from my head to my feet And I'm here, now I'm ready to be done up Nothin' but homies around so I puts my gun up Bitches on my nuts like clothes But i'm from the pound and we don't love them hoes How could you trust a hoe? (Snoop: Why?(echoed 3X) Cuz a hoe's a trick We don't love them tricks (Snoop: Why?(echoed 3X) Cuz a trick's a bitch And my dick's constantly in her mouth And turnin' them trick ass hoes the fuck out Now... Snoop: I once had a bitch named Mandy May Used to be up in them guts like everyday The pussy was the bomb, had a nigga on sprung I was in love like a muthafucka lickin' the protung The homies used to tell me that she wasn't no good But I'm the maniac in black, Mr. Snoop Eastwood So I figure niggaz wouldn't trip with mine Guess what? Got gaffled by one time I'm back to the muthafuckin' county jail 6 months on my chest, now it's time to bail I get's released on a hot sunny day My nigga D.O.C. and my homey Dr Dre Scooped in a coupe, Snoop we got news Your girl was trickin' while you was draped in your county blues I ain't been out a second And already gotta do some muthafuckin chin checkin Move up the block as we groove down the block See my girl's house, Dre, pass the glock Kick in the do', I look on the flo' It's my little cousin Daz and he's fuckin' my hoe, yo  (Bitches ain't shit) I uncocked my shit...I'm heart-broke but I'm still loc'ed Man, fuck a bitch! (Chorus) Jewell: (Dr. Dre in background "Bitches ain't shit") I don't give a fuck about a bitch But i and her know that they can't fade this  Cause i'm doin my own thingdown with the swang I'm hangin' with Death Row like it ain't no thing I say you know can't deal Cuz I'm a btich that's real Motherfucker need to step back, hell yeah They need to chill Because I don't give a fuck And I don't give a fuck (x3) And now I gotta do some... And now I gotta do some shit that's clean But when I'm on a dick, hell yeah, I get real mean Like a washing machine I can wash the clothes All the hoes knows That i'm on the flo' ho But they can't hang with my type on swang I ain't tryin' to say I suck every ding-a-lang But just the juicy ones Witht he tip of the tongue And then their sprung With the nuts hung  (Dr. Dre: Bitches ain't shit) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Dr. Dre f/ RC, Sid McCoy Album: Dr. Dre Presents... The Aftermath Song: Aftermath (The Intro) Typed by: krendogg74@yahoo.com [Wind, Animals and Wild Sounds Coordinating With Beeping Countdown] [Beeping Faster] (Dr. Dre)  This is dedicated to the niggaz that was down from Day 1 ..[SCREAM AND LOUD EXPLOSION] ...Welcome to the Aftermath (Group) Like We Always Do About This Time!! (Woman) Welcome To The Aftermath! (Narrator)  The Aftermath, A second growth, the period immediately following an unusual event.  This is brought to you by, the makers of funky music Coming directly to you from the Soul Kitchen So let's get deep You ask how deep is deep? Can I ask you how deep would you like to get? (Woman) The Aftermath Brings To You Some Of The Best Hip-Hop And R&B On The Planet  (Group) We're comin' we're comin' we're comin' (Repeat X3)  	WE'RE HERE!! (Echoes) (Sid McCoy)  Watch yourself, peep the blow up From state-to-state we're touchin' home no matter what sign you throw up Wait, we're on some other while you're still slippin' Bringin' you all bangin' speakers for sparks fly out the car system Off the tops, snatchin' props and the proper the tops we touch we're hard to knock, we got it locked From every angle of music the different sound view  R&B, rap, whatever flavor kid it's all new So let's say we bring it with the EAST! and the WEST! The final results: The Aftermath touchin' every coast! So when the bar blows then, the DJ spins And we don't set trip, we set trends Love to the artists, in fact they be the smartest if they business is tight Cuz keep it real means moving the cash markets And constantly buildin' and stop destroying everything that we touch And leave somethin' for our children (RC)  Whatever it takes to get ya paid yea-yea-yeah, keep on doin' it Keep on doin' it, keep on doin' it And whatever it is that gets ya free yea-yea-yeah  (Gets ya free, yeah) keep on doin' it Keep on doin' it, hey keep on doin' it Whatever it takes to get ya paid yea-yea-yeah  (Whatever it is) keep on doin' it Ya gotta keep doin' it, keep on, keep on yeah And whatever it is that gets ya free yea-yea-yeah  (Whatever it is that gets ya free, yeah) keep on doin' it Keep on doin' it, Oh yeah ohhhhhhhhh-I  Ya gotta-you gotta keep on doin it, doin' it, doin' it Aftermath is gonna keep on doin' it, doin' it, doin' it, yeah [Shotgun Cocks and Blasts] (B-Real)  ANYBODY KILLA!!! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Dr. Dre f/ Group Therapy (B-Real, KRS-One, Nas, RBX) Album: The Aftermath Song: East Coast/West Coast Killas East coast *killer*, West coast *killer* (repeat 8X) Verse One: RBX While childish MC's battle over coastal fronts  I come with no fronts and smash in monkey fronts If you want to be evil like Knieval then jump I guarantee your punk ass catch the speed lump The tactics, extract, morbid thoughts from the mental custom designed, for instrumental Yes indeedy, lyrical graffiti And this one's a burner, baby Truck, like Toyata driven True and livin drivin with the gat Uhh, pop the clutch, let the Cold Crush rush Then I flush wack material That's if I don't mash them all to mush Hush, let me burst, dare I gush Cock-diezel cuts Lyrical arsenal equivalent to arsenic East coast *killer*, West coast *killer* (repeat 4X) Verse Two: KRS-One Yo, why do they make me wanna ruin they career? Before I bust your shit let's get one thing clear Don't provoke Kris no joke this I don't ride no rapper's nutsac yo I stay focused Beefin without skills seekin will only weaken The artist speakin over beats and, you be cheatin Cacaphony of small talent rappers, claimin a coast over instrumentals, ain't got no real street credentials Here come the philosopher hip-hopppin ya correctly Ignorant ass MC's continue to tempt me Lyrics be empty like Alcatraz cellblock Too many MC's rappin causin lyrical gridlock Lyrical syllables interlock in my voicebox Yet I'm still unknown like the X on Sadat Just your typical, non-topical Flex the optical illusion weak metaphoric style you be usin I check one-two's and who's in the house Like shit your lyrics ooze out ya mouth Whattyou think this is? KRS-One from the Bronx kid! East coast *killer*, West coast *killer* (repeat 8X) Welcome to the New World Order You are now under martial law All constituional rights have been suspended Verse Three: B-Real The most scandalous, cut the bad apple, we can handle this Coast trippin goin on through out the business East Coast West Coast anybody killer! I don't give a fuck where you from I'ma Killa Hill-er I got crews on both sides together Deeper than the ocean and down for whatever Fool I can roll through any block from Central to Westland Avenue, without my glock But some niggaz can't survive on both sides So they try and break off, eliminate ties Fools got to get wise, better realize True, enemy lies killin in the highrise office, analyzing the song Look at them red niggaz, don't even get along Kill that noise, four niggaz bringin the skill Mad caps get peeled if you oppose the Hill Yeah that's right fool, you know who, the mighty Group Therapy The mighty mighty Aftermath brigade, letting all you sound boys know You're not ready to rumble or test this Kill that noise! East coast *killer*, West coast *killer (repeat 8X) Verse Four: Nas Now when I bomb like Sadaam, the world feels The Wrath of Khan Desert Storm in this modern day Babylon I be the twelve disciples strap arms All black on running your spot hit the safe and I'm gone Like a thief wrong, I keep the long 38 warm Silent and calm, and blackout when the beef is on Focus on your rap holsters, notice I'm evil like the Exorcist to the locusts Ferocious thoughts, are mergin at night Like Jehovah towards the virgin in white I'm wrapped in a turban for spite Like a Israelite snatchin hoes up, my flow's up When the fuckin world blows up throw your hands up It's a holdup, frontin like you down for the real to make a meal, but when plan fold, nigga you squeal like Heavy Heel, but what's the fuckin deal? East coast *killer* West coast *killer* (repeat 16X) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Dr. Dre f/ Mel-Man Album: The Aftermath Song: Shittin' on the World Intro: Yes yes y'all, ooh funk.... Yes yes y'all, to the beat y'all From the ol schizzy with the yes yizzy y'all Ooh in come funk Yes yes y'all, to the beat y'all From the ol schizzy it's the yes yizzy y'all Ooh notes come wrong Verse 1: Dre is chillin, Ruff is chillin What more can I say? (Let's make a million) M-E-L-Man, niggas call me Most I be rockin on the East and the West Coast Your mail go back like Emmitt Smith's hairline With Jordache devils and Calvin Kleins This shit be on my mind like O'Donnells interceptions How would I look with Mike's complexion Eat me, freak me, take your hand and leave me All I wanna say is "I don't really give a fuck" cos Most he be mega Copped the Play Station but still play the Sega and in the PJ's I DJ and blow amps Bad as *?shrimp stampy?* with the food stamps Huh, I'm not a stranger to danger On the streets I be known as the jaw rearranger Heavy with the metal, Mel-Man rule White boys say it now "Cool, cool, cool!!!" I bring the fizzy that's the obvious I got a grip but the only clip I load be the floppy disk In the SP or the MV, see three G Ho's see me comin in 3-D I spread Lizzy with ten mates Hit the skins and I break out like an inmate Hey yo, that's how it is and that's how I want it This is my world and I'm shittin on it Chorus: (On the world) Shittin on it (On the world) Shittin on the world (Here me, yeah, shittin on the world) *repeat* Verse 2: I warm it up like humidity Mel, okay I'm here til infinity My shit be outta...space with the Ewok This is my planet but I never wear the Reebok When we rock to the beat of accapella Most reigns supreme, niggas grab your umbrellas It's time to bounce so where the player, mate? Jealous MC's still drinkin on that "Hator"rade Bitches flirtin with the giggles and chuckles You'll never get the jezzy bare, knuckle cos I get a tingle in the jimmy after three days in it Hold up! Back to the clinic Uhh, aah, poked your bitch in the eye then I step like Omega's hifi (AWROOF!) I walk the earth like Moses Any mackadocious, I grew up with no chips Shows I turn out I got dough but still call my hos on my burnout But can't phone long distance I'm a rich nigga still gettin public assistance Rockin shit on a task cam Got MC's talkin 'bout "I love you, man" But you can't get my last bud or my last dove outta beats we be makin Dre and M-E-L got the whole Earth quakin That's how it is and that's how I want it This is my world and I'm shittin on it Chorus x3 Outro: (over chorus) Yes yes y'all, ooh funk... Yes yes y'all, to the beat y'all From the ol schizzy with the yes yizzy y'all Ooh in come funk Yes yes y'all, to the beat y'all Every three days and the El change ??? Ooh, Most come funk The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: RBX Album: Dr. Dre Presents The Aftermath Song: Blunt Time Typed by: Dragon@gangstarr.freeserve.co.uk DEAD! INTRO (Blunt time-pull out your philly)Ha ha,mighty Aftermath (Sip a glass of 'gnac,reload your nine milli) Whose soul ever contest,DEAD! In me ear Dre.You hear me now?DEAD! (Blunt time-pull out your philly) (Sip a glass of 'gnac,reload your nine milli) Thought they were moving in and now they wanna cut us wrong Room for moving in,but that was on-ly mine They will shake the hand,never really seen and only heard They will shake the hand,he is only to heard l-oo-oo-ng Knick-knack,paddy wack give a dog a bone Long Beach City I wreck is my zone I be the solo rollo which means I rule alone You droop first blood,mother thought you was the lone Fool now break for ya two It's called the ol'Rambo,catch ambush I wish you wouldn't moosh like ya wanna come push I'll dump ya and leave ya stankin in the forest you Gump Long Beach City-firmly represented Narrator X is representor Lyrical the kick make me ya mentor Freeze MCs,don't ent-or I'll take like Anne Arden's new chips in wint-or Or since I'm Sun I'll melt the metaphor The meatphors are meltin,style is beltin I heard a dog yelpin but no helpin CHORUS Blunt time-pull out your philly Sip a glass of 'gnac,reload your nine milli Dancin,puffin,sippin or set trippin Dimes keep on flippin flippin REPEAT Dre's bad beats they Rat-Tat-Tat-Tat X flex lyric they can't come back Fact:El-elevant,elegant and eloquent no shit I boots hits,throw tantrums like Ella Fitz Nah,the member X but you'll remember X indeedy Now remember don't contest the (?Frex?) Got you in spot like Lindscrafter but you try to diss I burn you like Backdrafter After that you'll get nothing from me but laughter Similar to this,HA what's the repertoire-kick deadly wit lyrics Shot your punk ass like ELEC now it's CHORUS Mighty Aftermath! Once again.can't hold us back Refuse,refuse(DEAD!)you lose(DEAD!).DEAD!(Indeed) Attempts wiil be futile,it's way to brutal Hear me now Narrator-to-the-X,tellin anyone who contest The mighty Aftermath Posse(Who?Who?)DEAD! (Murder!)Exclamation point! (Iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii) (Blunt time)Ha (Blunt tiiiime)Mighty Aftermath to the 9-7 (Sip a glass of 'gnac my friend,dont'cah friend) (Roowl,IIIIIIII don't wanna fight no more,no no,oooh) (Blunt time,blunt time,blunt blunt,yep!) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Dr. Dre Album: The Aftermath Song: Been There, Done That Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro/Chorus One] I been there (been there) and done that (done that) You got guns? (We got guns) Yo, I got straps (we got straps) A million motherfuckers on the planet Earth Talk that hard bullshit cause that's all they worth (uhh) I been there (been there) and done that (done that) You got guns? (We got guns) Yo, I got straps (we got straps) A million motherfuckers on the planet Earth Talk that hard bullshit cause that's all they worth [Dr. Dre] No question, it's all about the D-O-E So if money is the root I want the whole damn tree Ain't tryin to stick around for Illuminati Got to buy my own island by the year 2G Since way back, I've been collectin my fee With the 48 tracks and the M-I-C Got a palace in the Hills overlookin the sea It's worth 8, but I only paid 5 point 3 Worldwide, like the triple beam I slide Listenin to your demo in the stretch limo is how I ride - cartel style Vaults stacked to the max now, a million dollar style Niggaz wonder how, "Dre Day" every day Trips to Montego Bay with mo' chips than Frito Lay Floss jewels and attire, ain't nothin flyer Straight or illegal, it's still the root of all evil; cause [Chorus One] [Dr. Dre] Young black Rockefeller, hella swiss and mozarella Pockets sweller, gettin money like a bank teller Cause a fool and his dough soon split So when you come across a fool get all that you can get Ladies, get your paper too Don't expect for no man to support you, keep it true Cause most niggaz erase hoes that's out for the pesos My woman's independent, makin dough by the caseloads I'ma keep buildin, make a killin Kick back relax, and grow old with my millions That's where it's at; you got drama, I got the gat But we both black, so I don't wanna lay you flat Instead let's get paper, while it's paper to get Private jet, 600 Coupes, then I run Vettes I'm livin on another level that y'all ain't been yet Spend a mill', no sweat, water the lawn with Moet [Chorus Two] Been there (been there) and done that (done that) Yo, you got guns? (We got guns) Aiyyo I got straps (we got straps) You see a million motherfuckers on the planet Earth Talk that hard bullshit cause that's all they worth You know I been there (been there) and done that (done that) Yo, you got guns? (We got guns) Well then I got straps (we got straps) You see a million motherfuckers on the planet Earth Talk that hard bullshit cause that's all they worth [Dr. Dre] This is for the millionaires, throw a stack in the air and watch niggaz start plottin, bitches start to stare Cause game is money, and money is game And broke niggaz make the fo-'five flame with no shame Now many people die over these dead green guys Ignorance and greed take they ass by surprise It's the root of all evil and sins Yet and still it makes the world go around like my 20 inch rims Moolah y'all, platinum plaques cover my walls Grindin, diamonds shinin, without one flaw Get the cash, the grass, the ass and bounce Luciano in all amounts, that's all that counts; cause [Chorus Three] I been there (been there) and done that (done that) Yo, you got guns? (We got guns) Well then I got straps (we got straps) See a million motherfuckers on the planet Earth Talk that hard bullshit cause that's all they worth You know I been there (been there) and done that (done that) Heh, you got guns? (We got guns) Aiyyo I got straps (we got straps) You see a million motherfuckers on the planet Earth Talk that hard bullshit cause that's all they worth [Outro] Uhhh, yeah - uh Yeah - uh, yeah - uh That's right, ha All these people out talkin about who they are, what they got Heh, it don't even matter Been there, done that As long as you true to yourself, gotta be true to yourself I was always told If you don't stand for somethin you'll fall for anything, ha ha Yeah, that's right! The Aftermath, beatin up on your eardrums Heh, gotta say whassup to King Tee, and my man Nationowl They up in here, gotta say whassup to Chris the Glove G-L-O-V-E, ha ha Yeah, that's how it goes down, ha ha, yeah, ahh This is how we comin, heh, yeah This is how we comin y'all - you know what? Huh I been there (been there) and done that (done that) You got guns? (We got guns) Yo, I got straps (we got straps) See a million motherfuckers on the planet Earth Talk that hard bullshit cause that's all they worth You know I been there (been there) and done that (done that) Yo, you got guns? (We got guns) Heh, I got straps (we got straps) You see a million motherfuckers on the planet Earth Talk that hard bullshit cause that's all they worth {*music and outro fades*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Kim S. Album: Dr. Dre Presents...The Aftermath Song: Choices Typed by: compbuttons@hotmail.com Ah, yeah Ah, ah Ah yeah [Verse 1] Time and time again knew our relationship I wonder what's going wrong To make us go through such pains and heartaches But still I know my love is so strong for you (Ah yeah) Should I love you Should I leave you So many choices (Oh so many choices) Choices baby So many reasons why (So many reasons why) I could have you near me (Oh yeah) So many choices [Verse 2] I don't understand why you wanna take me through these changes No, no oh I can't decide what to do when it comes to me and you Because my love is true Where do we go from here, where do we go I can't help but wonder, I can't help it baby Do we belong together, oh oh Your love I feel can be a lot Should I love you (Should I love you) Should I leave you So many choices (Oh baby you giving me so many choices) Choices baby So many reasons why (So many reasons why) I could have you near me (Oh yeah yeah) So many choices (So many choices) Should I love you Should I leave you (Should I love you, should I leave you) So many choices (Oh baby yeah, yeah, yeah) Choices baby So many reasons why (So many reasons why) I could have you near me (Oh baby yeah yeah) So many choices (Got me waiting) [Verse 3] All alone, I don't wanna lose your love On my own, I just can't breathe without you Wanna be, got to have you in my life Can't you see, we can make it if we try [Chorus to fade] Should I love you Should I leave you (Ah, ah) So many choices (I don't know what else to do boy) Choices baby So many reasons why (A million reasons why) I could have you near me (I need you baby) So many choices (Oh should I love you) Should I love you (Should I leave you) Should I leave you (Ah, ah) So many choices (So many choices yeah, yeah) Choices baby So many reasons why (Ah, ah) I could have you near me (Oh yeah yeah) So many choices (Ah yeah) Should I love you... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Dr. Dre f/ Where Album: The Aftermath Song: As The World Keeps Turning Intro/Chorus: As the world keeps turning, chronic keeps burning (This ain't no) street sermon, these niggas are determined *Repeat* Verse 1:Where I flow like CD's in the deck Moosh fools in the face that lack respect Protect ya arm, pitch from the funk I deodirise the musty, ya rhymes are crusty, you can't bust G So leave me alone I'm in the zone Walkin the streets on my own, nigga get blown Some niggas say that nigga Where is gone But I'm low in the cut and gotta microphone Are you gone bust or play bones? You motherfuckin clone, get off that nigga's style and get'cha own It's Miscellane and it's on again For the niggas that slept, they shoulda stayed in step And kept ya big fuckin mouth shut Chorus Verse 2:Where I woke up with a stomach ache, headache, back ache Advil, Tylenol, Peptol, slept so long realised my world is wrong My world is gone like disco Blowin up Cisco and in my Cammo Standin in back of me was my soul Thinking of the easiest way to get a bank roll Knowledge is urban-able, exhaust manifold A tar can of hos to lubricate my system quick Shaky bitches off the dick Cos she got a vice grip on the flow from my lips I'm slow but equipped with the proper tools Show me the one talkin shit so I can drop a fool I'm out to glow a nigga roll if he think he Mr CREAM Come back on the scene and smoke a phillie, G I really dream of gettin mine now let me tell you what's silly Me, buckin with my team is murder one I heard a gun bustin shots (SHOTS!), down the block (BLOCK!) I guess a nigga gettin what he got (GOT!) Shit is heavy like a medicine ball and broke niggas to smoke niggas I'll fuck one for y'all, they made ya last phone call To a trick that didn't even care Cos she was gettin fucked somewhere, you're stuck in there Now you wanna bust, nigga, now you wanna kill, nigga (Nigga) Nigga how ya feel? (Nigga) You can't try to be real (You can't try to be real) Shit is for real Chorus Verse 3:Where I'm cooler than most, but I got the shorter temper And I'm cooler than foes that don't know how it goes Let's take it back to the first side When you was a new jack and jockin my new track But you was wrong, didn't know about the big long Head-strong, nicknamed Dav from off the school yard Witta teenage group I'm turnin loots to tracks Me and my niggas like (These tracks are laced with bomb weed and tight lyrics) You wanna know what the hos used to do When me and my crew came bustin through All sorts of blushins brew (A neighbourhood find, a gift too swift, Miscellane is the crew) Underground till my brown eyed balls turned blue This is for the bitches and niggas that wanna front I smoke on, I broke on till I spoke on Miscellane packin shows like Farrakhan Where is on another level with two niggas that's on the same plateau Now that's three times your tightest flow And three times ya tightest track, three times your fattest sack Three times is clever (BUCK!) Chorus x 2 Outro: Thou shalt rest in grief who lay buried in the belt Barely included work, leaves bodies scarred and hurt To art in hell, where the next man dwells The place with stankin pussy and crack rock dwells The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Hands-On f/ Dr. Dre Album: Dr. Dre Presents The Aftermath Song: Got Me Open Intro: Dr. Dre Ai Aiyo Butter is, uhh, Hands-On in the house Well check it out, put some shit on for em Let's get it on, kick it Ha yeah, hell yeah Yeah that shit sounds dope Aiyo Kim, what you got to say Verse 1: Kim of Hands-On Well boy you're movin me There's somethin physical about it The way you're makin me feel The way you're touching me, can't explain Oh, I just can't keep still When you're kissing me it gives me what I need Hold on tight and baby do it all night (Check it) This is the part you take my heart to wipe your feet on I wonder how boy, you make me over Chorus: Hands-On Now tell me away, cos I can't stop from how you mean The things you do to me Has got my body wanting you more and more Oh baby, it's got it bad Your love has got me open Bridge: Dre Yeah No question, kick back, watch my dope eye rise Still an everyday brother with my eyes on the prize Take my time analysing every song that dies Flossin the fliest rides from hits you memorise Been doin this since days of N.W.A. Took it to the next level when I use to DJ Got family and fans from New York to L.A. They keep it real cos they know that Dre come with Bombay G's up, ain't nuttin changed, yo freeze up! When I come thru, player haters, women one-two The dotted Maxwell from only a minimum of set sales Clutch your tails for honeys waitin to exhale Keep writin til the next millenium Tape one hit when I serve these fiends, stuff mo' potent than Bolivian Welcome to the Aftermath Aiyo Crystal, what you got to say? Verse 2: Crystal of Hands-On It's like I'm glowing about the animal attraction That grows between us And then my friends ask me just where the hell I've been They think I'm crazy, they don't understand When you're next to me, I'm lost in ecstasy Don't let go cos I'm about to explode (Aftermath!) This is the part you take my heart to wipe your feet on Baby please don't make me over Chorus Interlude: Hands-On You touch me at the spot Ooh boy, you got me high (that's right) And when you're loving me down, I never want you to stop Just take it easy (say what?) Baby boy, you babe, you touch the spot I swear you got me open Chorus to fade The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Dr. Dre f/ King Tee Album: The Aftermath Song: Str-8 Gone Haa Woo Dedicated to the up city Straight West Coast nigga, ain't no pity Put holes in niggas, real pretty Real shitty like a black Frank Nitty I give drugs to the thugs price-free Handed down the game by that nigga Ice-T No doubt players like me recognise the great King Tee, about twenty grand a ki Ah, that's that G shit, no doubt about that Statutory lyrics is how I rape the rap And get your niggas off my back and no, GOD, ya don't pull a strap, cos (*gun shot*) FUCK THAT! I'm very precise when I shoot straight out the roof of my Lexus coupe Ya wanna blame Tha Alkaholik group but, naw, that nigga Tela must've hit the loot Cos he's actin real loonie and I don't give a fuck cause I'm drunk and I'm a G like Spoonie The hoodrats wanna do me So if you've got'cha county cheque give it to me Chorus: Now baby, don't trip, it's King Tee with the gangsta shit Ain't fuckin with nothin but them platinum hits And the two dog groan, a 50 gat to your dome That nigga on the mic str-8 gone *repeat* Huh, so I guess I earned the title 'OG' Been down for ten years, this my fifth Lp I'ma get this one easy A real motherfuckin G, R-rock Tee Now all these fools talkin 'bout they some killers car stealers, big time drug dealers Bitch ass niggas keep it real, don't lie You ain't killin shit and they gon' let shit die You ask "Who the hell am I?" They call me 'Big Bone' and on my worst night I fades em all And I come thru ya hood like a locc ass G Rip any fool that calls hisself an MC It's only one way, let's have gun play I make it play, nigga, fuck what you got to say I got a mad crew of murderers, ex-burglars Puttin soft niggas outta service Chorus: Now baby, don't trip, it's King Tee with the gangsta shit Ain't fuckin with nothin but them platinum hits And the two dog groan, all the fuckin chips blown That nigga on the mic str-8 gone Baby, don't trip, it's King Tee with the gangsta shit Ain't fuckin with nothin but them platinum hits And the two dog groan, sittin on chrome That nigga on the mic str-8 gone My whole crew lives illegal Strapped with the bulletproof vest in the front and back Regal Smokin that sticky green grass Hittin switches, bumpin on cuts from the past We smoke leaf cos we live like G's Super-soft niggas become enemies I hit a lick on the East for ten ki's now everything I drive is on Deez I'ma make you believe, I gotta put it down like a real nigga should My dope spot in every nigga's hood I don't waste time, I need to get what's mine Fourteen shells from behind Leave you in the blind, str-8 paralysed from ya spine A partner of organised crime Ya hear it all the time but now ya gotta hear it from the truth til my nigga Karl Phat's respect due Chorus: Now baby, don't trip, it's King Tee with the gangsta shit Ain't fuckin with nothin but them platinum hits And the two dog groan, 50 gat to the dome That nigga on the mic str-8 gone (repeat 4X) And I'm gone The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Maurice Wilcher Album: Dr. Dre Presents...The Aftermath Song: Please Typed by: compbuttons@hotmail.com [Verse 1] I've told you over and over again Knew that wasn't what I stood for But you didn't have what I wanted Now you do, bitch do me Hmm, kind of sad and now I'm gone Thought you'd never see me again But here I stand again, right before your eyes To your surprise Baby we can talk it over, baby we can But I'd love to try (I bet you will) Yes I will baby, please Seriously (She said) in all honesty I love you baby hmm hmm And I always will (I bet you will) Pleeease come back to me Get down on your knees And beg me please Pleeease (Oh yeah) come back to me Ain't no thing I know you would Cause I bet you couldn't cause your mind is slow (Hey) And now your waiting for your high, liquid smoke (But it ain't gonna work) so let it drop So let em' fall and let me have another [Verse 2] (In the middle of nowhere I'm standing all alone) (You're alone baby, oh) Ooh please, ooh please, ooh please Ooh please, ooh please baby Please come back to me (Lord knows) I'll give you anything you want Take my body, mind and, and heart It's all your's baby (I don't need you and I sure don't wanna see you) (Baby oh no) Pleeease come back to me Get down on your knees And beg me please Pleeease come back to me Get down on your knees And beg me please Pleeease come back to me Said you treated me wrong That's why you're all alone Pleeease come back to me Come on yeah [Verse 3] I got you on your knees Got you begging please (I got you begging please) You know you did me wrong But you know I got what you need You wanna be in my life Thought that I'd make you my wife (You wanna be my wife baby) But I'm quitting your ass baby cause you cheated With my best friend [Chorus to fade] Won't you please Get down on your knees And beg me please Won't you please Pleeease come back to me (Got it baby, got it baby, got it baby, got it baby) Won't you please Pleeease come back to me Get down on your knees Pleeease come back to me The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: J. Lockhart Album: Dr. Dre Presents...The Aftermath Song: Do 4 Love Typed by: compbuttons@hotmail.com Hmm hmm hmm yeah You make me do yeah, uh [Verse 1] I never can erase The love that you have placed inside No girl, I can't deny I just never felt that I Would ever be the one to find A special lady that'll make me do for love You make me do for love What I would not do Cause every day my love You got me wanting you You make me do for love What I'd never do And what we do for love That all depends on you Ooh ooh [Verse 2] Oh no man can recognize The love that's in the sky I just had to let you rain all over me Then one day it dawned on me I had changed completely I don't know just how it happened But I love the way you make me do for love You make me do for love What I would not do Cause every day my love You got me missing you You make me do for love What I'd never do And what we do for love That all depends on you Ooh ooh [Verse 3] No I never thought I'd find What love made of me Come on the road with me baby I open my eyes, so lovely I love the way you make me do for love You make me do for love What I would not do Cause every day my love You got me thinking of you You make me do for love What I'd never do And what we do for love That all depends on you Ooh ooh You got me talking baby You got me spending baby You got me tripping You got me hooked on... You make me do for love What I would not do Cause every day my love You got me missing you You make me do for love What I'd never do And what we do for love That all depends on you Ooh ooh [Ad-libs to fade] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: RC Album: Dr. Dre Presents...The Aftermath Song: Sexy Dance Typed by: compbuttons@hotmail.com Would you like a table dance? [Repeated in background] Ah...ah...ah...ah [Verse 1] With your tongue, what you did with your tongue That made me go arising, uh arising yeah In my memory when you make it up to me When you were kind of surprising When you were kind of surprising baby Yes you were Now with the best from the West, check the sound [* Explosion *] It's from the R&B underground And it's just like the muff You know that we can't get enough So come and take a ride with me yeah Come and take a ride with me You're riding with me Ride with me, come with me Baby come give, do that sexy dance for me Let yourself go and get nasty Lady that sexy dance for me Let yourself go and get nasty [Verse 2] You've got me open baby oh Cause I'm the mastermind You know you're looking lovely lady yeah I wish I could get some of your time I know that you're the one, you're the one So do me right Let's get busy my love And let me see you dance tonight Let yourself go and get nasty Lady that sexy dance for me Let yourself go and get nasty Lady that sexy dance for me Let yourself go and get nasty Lady that sexy dance for me Let yourself go and get nasty [Verse 3] Bulging eyes from what I see in my sight She winding and grinding it And the body was so tight yeah There's no fessing, no wishing I was on a mission to get what I want Now truthfully I said after the party Oh Lord got me telling stories like loddy dotty And now I realize That I must have been hypnotized By your world true silky thighs And now lady why don't you sexy dance for me You looking good to me sweet mama - Sexy dancer Want your body, want your body - Sexy dancer Do that sexy dance - Sexy dancer Want your body, want your body - Sexy dancer Do that sexy dance - Sexy dancer Want your body, want your body - Sexy dancer Do that sexy dance - Sexy dancer Want your body, want your body - Sexy dancer Do that sexy dance The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Whoz Who Album: Dr. Dre Presents...The Aftermath Song: No Second Chance Typed by: compbuttons@hotmail.com [* Group Harmonizing *] [Chorus 1 x2] Na na na, Na na na Turn me down when I asked to dance You don't get no second chance girl [Verse 1] Raced up to the scene one night The party was jumping, no fright The ladies were looking so tight A particular one caught my eye I asked if she wanted to groove She clowned me with her attitude She found out I roll with a crew Now there's nothing she wouldn't do To be down with me It's unfortunate that you Missed out on a good thing like me You thought I was a buster But you do it around the scene Now you heard I was from the O Now you got the vapors Blowing up my pager [Chorus 2 x2] Girl you don't get no second chance Cause you turned me down when I asked to dance Now you wanna go through cause your girls told you That I was down with the crew [Verse 2] So when I asked you to dance I couldn't even believe that You told me no Now I got to go No ifs ands or buts Just beat it, beat it You played the game and you lose Now guess who's ringing on my line Begging me for another try It's too late so bye bye Playing these games so many ways to play I bet you never thought you'd see this day Dry your eyes don't be feeling bluw Cause I know you never thought I'd be the one dogging you [Chorus 2 x2] [Verse 3] There's no second chance When I ask you to dance There's no second chance When you play with romance You're a victim of your own circumstance There's no second chance There's no second chance When I ask you to dance There's no second chance When you play with romance You're a victim of your own circumstance There's no second chance [Chorus 1 to fade] Artist: Dr. Dre f/ Sharief Album: The Aftermath Song: L.A.W. (Lyrical Assault Weapon) Intro: It's like, it's like this Word up, knowhutI'msayin? One time for your mind, y'knowI'msayin? Yo, from upstate to Brooklyn, the whole borough's thorough You know the time, y'knowI'msayin? Crown Heights, to all my niggas holdin it down It's hardcore, B-boy rhymes just for you, y'knowI'msayin? (L-A-W, this might trouble you) This is Sharief, y'knowI'msayin? Puttin it down for the Aftermath like this Verse 1: As I inhale the blunt and take a sip off the yac My rhymes come to life, my verbal forces attack Can't hold me back, I'm too strong, I waited too long Freestyle a whole rap tape then write a new song Been in the game since...what? That shit is past tense Pass the microphone and watch this nigga crack the C with that ill shit, I came to kill shit I crack the code, must be the reason they reveal shit But in this era of mayhem I recyc' the murderous rhymes to slay them To all my opponents who wanna kick it, I spark the verbal scientist in your title, I'm walkin wit it A hundred dime pieces and the party got the heaters I shine my verbal styles and got niggas climbin on speakers, the thrill seekers An earthquake of bass lines swangin the party, I'm slangin the mic like a syllable shotty, sippin 40's Chorus: Check it out y'all, L-A-W's raw L.A.W., the Lyrical Assault Weapon L-A-W, this might trouble you For all the B-boys and all the B-gals Check it out now, L-A-W's raw L.A.W., the Lyrical Assault Weapon L-A-W, this might trouble you For all the B-boys and all the B-gals Verse 2: Bona fide B-boy, biceps' bionic Blast em back, okay let's get it started Original rap styles comin from my shooter Fifty niggas deep, I'm the ill kid recruiter People gather round, check my flow listen too, look take a peek, time for thought then you know (What they know?) I build with skill, fulfill the drill and still then kill You couldn't stop the pain with Benadryl Too many claim unnamed for fame or be soft as baby tissue with no gun to aim I take a raptor's rough cos I'lla date the semen Spectators be sayin they can't go where he went That's another level of attack (haa), bring your bats My DJ scratch the record like a scrotum sack I slice the rapper like a surgeon If he wanna battle, I play him out like a priest in a turban Too much tenacity, vocal capacity Ya better take some notes, don't try to get on after me Cos I'm the chemical enemical Rhymes I say are definitely guaranteed to reach the pinnacle Chorus: Check it out y'all, L-A-W's raw L.A.W., the Lyrical Assault Weapon L-A-W, this might trouble you For all the real players and all the fly girls Check it out now, L-A-W's raw L.A.W., the Lyrical Assault Weapon L-A-W, this might trouble you For all the real players and all the fly girls Verse 3: Feelin the metronome click, my microphone's on It's time to kiss Sharief to perform Ya lukewarm, my degrees be uncharted in the centre of fight square I rum brass knuckle rhymes fuckin with crimes I'm natural as loaded dice, understand where no man survives, L.A.W. can Transform, I see it ain't even worth ya triggers I'm from the days when B-boys were straight earthin niggas Standin my arms crossed, toss a grenade rein-force my zone as a lyrical barricade You better cos your dome piece blown Release chrome beats, nuclear missiles rhymes under my comb Three strikes marks the villian bustin rhymes like shots in Sarajevo Saturday night blood be spillin Some I slaughter such as *?two compel?* blows Crush your corny kids caught stumblin on my shells, so sick, too quick, I stab you with some shit Doin infinite assault these hard lyrics I commit When I crush your lungs, I keep my pace uptempo Swingin my prison rhymes, fuckin mics like a nympho Chorus: Check it out y'all, L-A-W's raw L.A.W., the Lyrical Assault Weapon L-A-W, this might trouble you For all the real hustlas across the world Check it out now, L-A-W's raw L.A.W., the Lyrical Assault Weapon L-A-W, this might trouble you For all the real hustlas across the world *repeat to fade* The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Dr. Dre f/ Nowl Album: The Aftermath Song: Nationowl (All right, is everybody ready *YEAH!*) (Alright now, here we go) Nationowl divides this bomb to blow Adios serials worldwide Once inside ya ride, usin the mic like a screwdriver to break down the speed While labels were sound asleep, Nowl peeped and creeped and stole the ground beneath they feet Far from the bail, still makin my sales Movin tapes like weight, we's hip-hop cartel takin over, no doubt Like thongs, they ass out but win amounts with the Doctor Dre, all day cash his cheques Like Play, I hittin you in the head like strays (BUU-YU-KOW!) Nationowl's defence covers my ass and team o' outcast niggas who're quick to blast Our beat's on hit, keep the peace on MC's couldn't find my path (Where you at niggas?) Chorus:  Pledge a legiance to my team Let's scheme, nigga, we gots ta get CREAM Cos worldwide shit's outta control Why you can't get down with Nationowl Young and old, my niggas who's on parole Why you can't get down with Nationowl Bitches who own, my niggas whose heart is cold Why you can't get down with Nationowl Nationowl's anthem, got'cha soul on lock still fully loaded, cocked the handgun Composed like the Phantom while the face of earth gets ugly, we ever lovely Bitches who never duck me, "Nowl loved me" In thinkin I must spend dough til I'm dizzy Assholes around like a frisby And for satisfaction chew an MC like Wrigley History's about to be made, I met'cha in a way tryin ya hardest to delay My flight batterin, keep the world ringin like *?Sadaran?* Lyrics bone shatterin Pretenders wantin to be Cinder-rella What? That shoe you tryin ta wears, not fittin Now we're strippin niggas like a Chippendale I'm rippin hell, burnin the devil and inhale Chorus In the last days, which side will you be on? Nationowl's on the side that I beat on I demand put me on From the door I use MC's to wipe my feet on My shit be bumpin like in-grown hair For twenty-six years trained in ghetto warfare Nigga, I see more green than St. Patrick Pro actors, game of life with no practice Controllin craps like I had a remote It's a rule, now go enter ya tomb No joke, much over I scold It's some game for all who's tryin ta split ya coats Best believe that these are our last years Prepare or get done from the rear As we move there, where? The final frontier United we stand, divided we don't have a prayer Chorus Are you wit me East Coast? Are you wit me West Coast? Are you wit me? Are you wit me? Are you wit me West Coast? Are you wit me East Coast? Are you wit me? Are you wit me? The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Dr. Dre f/ King Tee, RC Album: The Aftermath  Song: Fame  Typed by: OHHLA.com Fame, I'm the man that takes things over  Fame makes me loose, hard to swallow  Fame puts me there where things are hollow  Fame  Fame  It's not your brain, it's just the flame  The bitch is gonna get your ends  SLAIN!  (You know I need the money, I will get the money  Cos I need the cash, hey c'mon gotta get it)  (You know I need the money, I will get the money  Cos I need the cash, hey c'mon gotta get it)  Chorus: RC  Fame, what you like is in the limo  Fame, take it now there's no tomorrow  Fame, what you need you'll have to borrow  Fame  Fame  Nine is fine, it plays for time  I'ma lemme hit you from be-hind  Fame, Fame  Fame  A bullet for me, I bust it for you  I love it when you grab my gun  Fame  Fame, what's your name? What's your name? What's your name?  Say my name? Say my name? Say my name?  [King Tee]  The world's famous, rugged with the superstar persona  Rough designer, the chubby alcoholic rhymer  Big timer, I'm known in places I haven't even been  Executed styles behind men  Oh God, I preach that old Hudd City gospel  My look's hostile, hittin Remy from the bottle  The fame is like I'm possessed wit game  And everywhere I go, hos screamin my name  But I'm rollin, not that my bald head's swollen  I'm towin, ya fixed up, they'd rather see ya broken  I'm scopin often where the spotlights shine  Me and my crew drinkin tryin ta have a good time  But folks watchin, wearin khakis or Versace  They try to mack me, caught up in the papparazzi  I'ma look what the hogg had become  A top notch nigga with the fame game  Outro: RC  Is it any wonder, I'll reject ya first  Fame Fame Fame Fame  Is it any wonder, your heart's too cold to fool  Fame Fame Fame Fame Artist: Dr. Dre Album: The Chronic 2001 Song: The Watcher Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash, Combo7@aol.com [Dr. Dre] Things just ain't the same for gangsters Times is changin, young niggaz is agin Becomin O.G.'s in the game and changin to make way for these new names and faces but the strangest things can happen from rappin when, niggaz get wrapped up in image and actin Niggaz get capped up and wrapped in plastic and zipped up in bags when it happens, that's it I've seen em come, I've watched em go Watched em rise, witnessed it and watched them blow Watched em all blossom and watched em grow Watched the lawsuits when they lost the dough Best friends and money? I lost them both Went and visisted niggaz in the hospital and saw the same shit all across the globe I just sit back and watch the show (the watcher) Chorus: Dr. Dre 	Cause everywhere that I go 	ain't the same as befo' (the watcher) 	People I used to know 	just don't know me no mo' (the watcher) 	But everywhere that I go 	I got people I know (the watcher) 	who got people they know 	So I suggest you lay low (the watcher) [Dr. Dre] I moved out of the hood for good - you blame me? Niggaz aim mainly at niggaz they can't be But niggaz can't hit niggaz they can't see I'm out of sight, now I'm out of they dang reach How would you feel if niggaz wanted you killed? You'd probably move to a new house on a new hill and choose a new spot if niggaz wanted you shot I ain't a thug - how much Tupac in you you got? I ain't no bitch neither - it's either my life or yo' life and I ain't leavin - I like breathin Cause nigga we can go round for round Clip for clip, shit fo'pound for pound Nigga if you really wanna take it there we can Just remember that you fuckin with a family man I got a lot more to lose than you, remember that when you wanna come and fill these shoes (the watcher) Chorus {*GUN SHOT*} [Dr. Dre] Things just ain't the same for gangstas Cops is anxious to put niggaz in handcuffs They wanna hang us, see us dead or enslave us Keep us trapped in the same place we raised in Then they wonder why we act so outrageous Run around stressed out and pull out gauges Cause everytime you let the animal out cages It's dangerous, to people who look like strangers But now we got a new era of gangsters Hustlers and youngsters livin amongst us Lookin at us, now callin us bustaz Can't help but reminisce back when it was us Nigga we started this gangsta shit! And this the motherfuckin thanks I get? It's funny how time fly I'm just havin fun, just watchin it fly by (the watcher) Chorus (the watcher - 4X) Artist: Dr. Dre f/ Devin the Dude, Snoop Dogg Album: The Chronic 2001 Song: Fuck You Typed by: XorCist@mindless.com, OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [answering machine girl] Hi baby I know your under a lot of pressure at your work and all And I do understand You have no idea how much I understand But you also don't have any idea how much I love you I love you so much I think about you I feel you in my arms I miss you.. I miss you terribly I've just always wanted someone like you in my life I love you so much; that I'd do anything I'd do anything I'll be your perfect woman for you [Dr. Dre] I just wanna fuck bad bitches All them nights I never had bitches Now I'm all up in that ass bitches Mad at 'cha boyfriend, aint 'cha? You'se a bad girl, gotta spank ya Gotta thank ya for that head clinic Explicit, hella photogenic And tell your friends where the dick's at Where they can get hit and won't get back to they soulmate Before you kiss 'em use Colgate "She Swallowed It!" Yeah the bitch took the whole eight and ran with it, then let Mel-Man hit it and Hit the Man hit it; damn bitches Man, this is what I'm talkin about Chicken-head, chicken-fed, with a dick in your mouth Out and about with your nigga like it never took place (Airtouched) Next time you need a taste Chorus:  I just wanna fuuuuuck you No touchin and rubbin gul, you got a husband who loves.. you.. Don't need you all in mine I just wanna fuuuuuck you We can't be kissin and huggin gul, you got a husband who loves.. you.. You need to give him your quality time [Devin the Dude] You got the number, it's on you to make the call You know I cum quick; help you re-decorate your walls Cut your backyard, don't have to act hard to get the cock And if I'm goin too far, I take it out and wipe it off and put it back up, and keep going You tryin to hide it from your husband but I know he be knowin that your pussy's been tampered with Did you show him the new trick of how you can make it smoke a cancer stick You be workin it like a dancer bitch, it's hard on me Not to give you all of my time, that you wanted You can give me some head, but keep the breakfast in bed I'd rather spend my mornin diggin through some records instead But, tonight, I guess it'd be aight if we can touch bases Hookup somewhere and exchange some "Fuck Faces" I know your man's lookin for ya, he's always tryin to run ya Don't worry bout me handcuffin gul cause I just wanna fuck witchu [Snoop Dogg] .. fuck witchu On the sneak tip, on some creep shit So whatcha gon' do, ya freak bitch? You, actin, like you, don't, do, dicks That's the kinda bitch I hate fuckin wit Baby was a virgin, that's what she said So I gave her some Hennesey, she gave me some head I fucked her on the flo', so I wouldn't mess up my bed Then Lil' 1/2 Dead put his dick on her head Take that bitch home, and give her a bone And give her the number to my cellular phone Man, she blowin up my pager, the shit's gettin major A favor for a favor, this dick is what I gave her Somethin to go by, and bitches know why Stuff dick in they mouth, and then I'm out (see-ya!) Twenty-fo' seven, Dre, Snoop, and Devin We servin' these hoes, and never lovin these hoes, beotch! Chorus Artist: Dr. Dre f/ Snoop Dogg Album: Chronic 2001 Song: Still D.R.E. Typed by: scott_rodkey@hotmail.com [Snoop] Yeah nigga, I'm still fuckin with ya Still waters run deep Still Snoop Dogg and D-R-E, '99 Nigga (Guess who's back) Still, still doing that shit, Andre? [Dr. Dre] Oh for sho', check me out It's still Dre Day nigga, A.K. nigga Though I've grown a lot, can't keep it home a lot Cause when I frequent the spots that I'm known to rock You hear the bass from the truck when I'm on the block Ladies, they pay homage, but haters say Dre fell off How nigga? My last album was "The Chronic" (nigga) They want to know if he still got it They say rap's changed, they want to know how I feel about it [Snoop - singing] If you ain't up on thangs [Dr. Dre] Dr. Dre is the name, I'm ahead of my game Still, puffing my leafs, still fuck with the beats Still not loving police (Uh huh) Still rock my khakis with a cuff and a crease (fo sho) Still got love for the streets, repping 213 (fo life) Still the beats bang, still doing my thang Since I left, ain't too much changed, still Chorus:  [Snoop Dogg]  I'm representing for them gangstas all across the world  (Still) Hitting them corners on the low-low's girl  [Dr. Dre]  Still taking my time to perfect the beat  And I still got love for the streets, it's the D-R-E (Repeat 2x) Since the last time you heard from me I lost some friends Well, hell, me and Snoop, we dipping again Kept my ear to the streets, signed Eminem He's triple platinum, doing 50 a week Still, I stay close to the heat And even when I was close to defeat, I rose to my feet My life's like a soundtrack I wrote to the beat Treat my rap like Cali weed, I smoke til I sleep Wake up in the A.M., compose a beat I bring the fire til you're soaking in your seat It's not a fluke, it's been tried, I'm the truth Since "Turn Out the Lights" from the World Class Wreckin' Cru I'm still at it, After-mathematics In the home of drivebys and ak-matics Swap meets, sticky green, and bad traffic I dip through then I get skin, D-R-E Chorus It ain't nothing but more hot shit Another classic CD for y'all to vibe with Whether you're cooling on a corner with your fly bitch Laid back in the shack, play this track I'm representing for the gangstas all across the world Still (Hitting them corners on the low-low's girl) I'll break your neck, damn near put your face in your lap Niggas try to be the king but the ace is back [Snoop - singing] So if you ain't up on thangs [Dr. Dre] Dr. Dre be the name still running the game Still, got it wrapped like a mummy Still ain't tripping, love to see young blacks get money Spend time out the hood, take they moms out the hood Hit my boys off with jobs, no more living hard Barbeques every day, driving fancy cars Still gon' get mine regardless Chorus 3X [Snoop] Right back up in ya motherfucking ass '95 plus four pennies! Add that shit up, D-R-E right back up on top of thangs Smoke some with your dog No stress, no seeds, no stems, no sticks! Some of that real sticky icky icky Oooh wee! Put it in the air Oh you's a fool D.R. Artist: Dr. Dre f/ Hitman Album: The Chronic 2001 Song: Big Ego's Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Dr. Dre] I got mo' class than most of em, ran wit the best of em Forgave the less of em, and blazed at the rest of em What can I say? Cal-i-for-ni-A Where niggaz die everyday over some shit they say Disconnected from the streets forever As long as I got a baretta, nigga, I'm down for whateva I roll wit my shit off safety - for niggaz that been hatin me lately  and the bitches that wanna break me If Cali blew up, I'd be in the Aftermath Bumpin gangsta rap shit, down to blast for cash Cause from Eazy-E, to D.O.C., to D.P.G. started from that S.O.B., D.R.E. Like Dub-C I'm rich rollin, pistol holdin Pockets swoll nigga, that's how I'm rollin Put the flame to the killer nigga Worldwide homicide mob figure and a builder, for real I'm hittin switches, makin bitches eat bitches See me grab my dick everytime I pose for pictures I own acres, floor seats watchin The Lakers I'm cool with eses who got AK's in cases 	Dedicated to all of those with big ego's 	Never fakin, we get the dough and live legal 	Haters hate this, we sip the Mo' and yank the heezos 1 -	Niggaz play this in they Rovers Jeeps and Regals 2 -	Bitches play this in they Benzes Jeeps and Geos 	{repeat 2X} [Hitman] I bust a Mr. Toughy, slash a Smoothy Doobie Crash and flex on Tuesday's, harassin hoes at movies Passin by with uzis - and who you aimin at? That shady bitch and that bitch nigga that was claimin that Rat-ta-tat-tat {*automatic gunfire and screaming*} {*more screaming as tires peel out*} I don't sympathize for wack hoes and wimpy guys You got to recognize Hitman is a enterprise Cali pride, born to ride and South Centralized The Henny got me energized - smoke the guys tryin to focus on mines - poke they eyes out I'm L.A.'s loc'est - hope they don't have to find out the hard way like snitch niggaz in the pen that get hit when the guards look the other way We hittin HARD, Hitman and Dre You playin games, I suggest you know the rules We puttin guns to fools, make you run yo' jewels Take yo' honey and cruise to the snootiest snooze, Cabos Pop coochie til the nut oozes, you shouldn't fuck wit crews that's sick, Aftermath cause we rule shit I'm Big Hit, don't confuse me wit no other by the flow motherfucker 	Dedicated to all of those with big ego's 	Never fakin, we get the dough and live legal 	Haters hate this, we sip the Mo' and yank the heezos 1 -	Niggaz play this in they Rovers Jeeps and Regals 2 -	Bitches play this in they Benzes Jeeps and Geos 	{repeat 2X} Artist: Dr. Dre f/ Hittman, Kurupt, Nate Dogg & Six-Two Album: The Chronic 2001 Song: Xxplosive Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Hittman] Xxplosive, West coast shit My nigguh-ish ways attract, girls that used to turn they back Causin me to yank they arm and pose like I would do them harm Now I'm sayin thank you cause they tell me, my shit's the bomb Xxplosive.. ..for my niggaz drinkin Cognac, smokin weed, always pack mo' than one, firearm, chrome rims, ridin on Chronic in yo' system, let me know, my shit's the bomb - Xxplosive.. [Kurupt] West coast shit nigga Overdosage - imperial pistols ferocious Fuck a bitch; don't tease bitch, strip tease bitch Eat a bowl of these bitch, gobble the dick Hoes forgot to eat a dick can shut the fuck up! Gobble and swallow a nut up, shut up and get my cash Backhanded, pimpslapped backwards and left stranded Just pop ya collar, pimp convention hoes for a dollar Six-Deuce in a plush, six-deuce impala Pimpin hoes from Texas to Guatemala Bitch niggaz paid for hoes, just to lay wit hoes Relax one night, and paid to stay wit hoes Captain Save'Em all day (bitch) well save this dick Bitch nigga, you more of a bitch than a bitch You ain't into hittin pussy, or hittin the switch You into hittin bitches off of the grip, you punk bitch [Nate Dogg] All my real Doggs still kick it wit me All my down hoes still trickin wit me All the true gangstas know Nate ain't never love no hoe All the hoodrats still shake it for me All my true fans still checkin for me All the real smokers know They ain't passin nuttin but dope indeed... Real trees... Chronic leaves... No seeds... When I had you last night, baby Before - I blew yo' mind, (blew-blew-blew your mind) I thought we had a chance, lady No more - now that I'm sober you ain't that fine Hmmm-hmmmhmmmm... Don't wanna treat you wrong Don't wanna lead you on Here baby, hit the bong while the west coast rolls along While we - still makin gangsta hits You'll be - still jockin gangsta dicks Damn girl you think you slick Somebody better get this biiitch, this biiiitch [Six-Two] I got these freaky hoes Clappin they hands, stompin they feet Every now and then they put they mouth on me Nowadays a G like me can't even call it A 23-year old pussy fiend and freakaholic Pimpin bitches on the regular, I put that on the G A hustler and a player, nowadays it pays to be Lemme drop some shit about this bitch I used to know She gave ya boy the head and said don't let nobody know A bonafide pro, I had to grab the hoe She got freaky in yo' sixty-fo', I skeeted in her throat Been knowin the hoe for fo' days, pimpery pays And I bet you didn't know that she go both ways She ate her best friend, I left them hoes at the mote' They be beepin me and shit, but we don't kick it no mo' Them hot hoes is fiendin, they on the nuts But beitch, I'm out ya pussy when I nut, f'real {Exxplosive..} Artist: Dr. Dre f/ Eminem, Phish, Xzibit Album: The Chronic 2001 Song: What's the Difference Typed by: Nature2QBC@aol.com [Phish] What's the difference between me and you? (repeat 2X) [Dr. Dre] Back when Cube, was rollin with Lorenzo in a Benzo I was bangin with a gang of instrumentals Got the pens and pencils, got down to business; but sometimes the business end of this shit can turn your friends against you But you was a real nigga, I could sense it in you I still remember the window of the car that you went through That's fucked up, but I'll never forget the shit we been through And I'ma do whatever it takes to convince you Cause you my nigga Doc, and Eazy I'm still wit'chu Fuck the beef, nigga I miss you, and that's just bein real wit'chu You see the truth is Everybody wanna know how close me and Snoop is And who I'm still cool with Then I got these fake-ass niggaz I first drew with Claimin that they non-violent, talkin like they {*voice sample*} Spit venom in interviews, speakin on reunions Move units, then talk shit and we can do this Until then - I ain't even speakin your name Just keep my name outta yo' mouth and we can keep it the same, nigga It ain't that I'm too big to listen to the rumors It's just that I'm too damn big to pay attention to 'em That's the difference [Chorus 2X: Phish] What's the difference between me and you? You talk a good one - but you don't do what you supposed to do I act on what I feel and never deal with emotions I'm used to livin big dog style and straight coastin [Xzibit] Yo I stay with it, while you try to perpetrate and play with it Never knew about the next level until Dre did it (YEAH) I stay committed while you motherfuckers baby-sitted I smash you critics like a overhand right from Riddick (YEAH!) Come and get it, shitted on villians by the millions I be catchin bitches while bitches be catchin feelings So what the fuck am I supposed to do? I pop bottles and hot hollow-points at each and all of you (c'mon!) A heartless bastard, high and plastered My style is like the reaction from too much acid Never come down! Pass it around if you can't handle it Hang Hollywood niggaz by they Soul Train laminates What's the difference between me and you? (What?) About five back accounts, three ounces and two vehicles Until my death, I'm Bangladesh I suggest you hold yo' breath 'til ain't none left Yo that's the difference [Eminem] Aight, hold up hold up! STOP THE BEAT A MINUTE!! I got somethin to say Dre; I wanna tell you this shit right now while this fuckin weed is in me (The fuck?!) I don't know if I ever told you this, but I love you dawg I got your motherfuckin back (riiight?) just know this shit [Dre]	Slim, I don't know if you noticed it 	But I've had your back from day one, nigga let's blow this bitch [Em]	I mean it dawg, you ever need somebody offed - who's throat is it? [Dre]	Well if you ever kill that Kim bitch, I'll show you where the ocean is [Eminem] Well that's cool, and I appreciate the offer But if I do decide to really murder my daughter's momma I'ma sit her up in the front seat and put sunglasses on her And cruise around with her for seven hours through California And have her wavin at people (Hi!) Then drop her off on the corner at the police station and drive off honkin the horn for her {*BEEP BEEP BEEP!!*} Raw dawg, get your arm gnawed off Drop the sawed off and beat you wit the piece it was sawed off of Fuck blood, I wanna see some lungs coughed up Get shot up in the hot tub 'til the bubbles pop up and they nose and cough snot up, mucus in hot water That's for tryin to talk like "The Chronic" was lost product That's for even THINKIN of havin them thoughts thought up~! You better show some respect whenever the Doc's brought up!! So what's the difference between us? We can start at the penis Or we can scream, "I Just Don't Give a Fuck," and see who means it! [Chorus] - 1.25X Artist: Dr. Dre f/ Hittman Album: The Chronic 2001 Song: Light Speed Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Dr. Dre] Hey, yo whassup? My name is Dre Can I blaze some Chonic witchu? [girl] Nigga what? FO' SHO'! Roll that shit up! [Dr. Dre] Hell yeah, still "Alwayz Into Somethin'" Heart still in Compton The comp can't oppose, dope Cali platinum classicals Introduced you to my Doggs, that don't love hoes and Firm Fiascoes - assholes Fucked you up with my last video, tuxed up doin a tango.. And cash, always in my grasp Came up in the game wearin khakis not kangols, stranglin hoes When asked about it in most interviews I just laugh Now I vacate with hoes with a gang of ass One feed me mangoes, the other lightin my hash Rap tabloids write Dre's light in the ass (what?) Came home uptight, ready to mash like a gas pedal, get on that sixty-four Chevy level AK-47 heavy metal Who say Dre ain't ghetto? Just whistle like a tea kettle I throw three at you, tell me if you see devils cause we rebels over here, I smell Chronic in the air that means we takin over this year You hear? [girl]	Chronic, two-thousand, "ONE! {*echoes*}" --> KRS-One [Dre]	That means we takin over this year, ya hear? [girl] Light Speed, blazin Chronic through the galaxy Hydro, doja, chocolate thai weed Or we might be sippin on gin or Hennessey Fuck that, where that new shit, The Chronic Iced Teas [Hittman] I hang among hustlers, I slang and hoo-bang Bronson when bustaz roll through, can't fuck with my bold crew We will hold you captive and bust cause gangbangin is the active, activity where I be livin B, there ain't no Liberty Statue Hope you got your gat, don't let them catch you slippin, without yours, it's warfare outdoors Ambulance, violent uproars Trash niggaz takin out like chores I meet whores on tours Jeans hot as pepper so I sip, champagne on stormy shores We on some hardcore, pornographic Totin Austrian firearms that's made out of plastic In these drastic surroundings, it be sounding like Lebanon, makin fools "RETREAT!" like Megatron and Starscream Oh yeah I scream-on-stars to get loot and crossover like Kareem Abdul-Jabbar Get out your car son, that's how I came to bougie niggaz at bar one, it's either that or make front page stardom I'm the Golden Child, chased by Sodom ?? gots my bulletproof it's hard to shoot me you hear? (By the time you see him {*BLAM BLAM*}) That means it's real fuckin hard to shoot me, you hear? [girl] Light Speed, blazin Chronic through the galaxy Hydro, doja, chocolate thai weed Or we might be sippin on gin or Hennessey Fuck that, where that new shit, The Chronic Iced Teas Artist: Dr. Dre f/ Eminem Album: Chronic 2001 Song: Forgot About Dre Typed by: Acastro929@aol.com, OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Dr. Dre] Y'all know me, still the same O.G., but I been low key Hated on by most these niggaz wit no cheese, no deals and no G's No wheels and no keys, no boats no snowmobiles, and no ski's Mad at me cause I can finally afford to provide my family wit groceries Got a crib wit a studio and it's all full of tracks to add to the wall full of plaques Hangin up in the office in back of my house like trophies Did y'all think I'ma let my dough freeze? Hoe please You better bow down on both knees Who you think taught you to smoke trees? Who you think brought you the oldies? Eazy-E's, Ice Cube's, and D.O.C's The Snoop D-O-double-G's and the group that said mother-"Fuck Tha Police" Gave you a tape full of dope beats to bump when you stroll through in your hood And when your album sales wasn't doin too good who's the Doctor they told you to go see? Y'all better listen up closely All you niggaz that said that I turned pop, or The Firm flopped  Y'all are the reason that Dre ain't been gettin no sleep so FUCK Y'ALL, all of y'all; if y'all don't like me, BLOW ME! Y'all are gonna keep fuckin around wit me and turn me back to the old me Chorus: Eminem (repeat 2X) Nowadays everybody wanna talk like they got somethin to say but nothin comes out when they move their lips; just a bunch of gibberish And motherfuckers act like they forgot about Dre [Eminem] So what do you say to somebody you hate (What?) Or anyone tryin to bring trouble your way? Wanna resolve things in a bloodier way? (YUP) Then just study a tape of N.W.A.! One day I was walkin by, wit a Walkman on, when I caught a guy give me an awkward eye (What you lookin at?) And strangled him off in the parkin lot, wit his Karl Kani I don't give a fuck if it's dark or not I'm harder than me tryin to park a Dodge when I'm drunk as fuck Right next to a humungous truck in a two-car garage {*CRUNCH*} Hoppin out wit two broken legs, tryin to walk it off "Fuck you too bitch, call the cops!" I'ma kill you and them loud ass motherfuckin barkin dogs And when the cops came through me and Dre stood next to a burnt down house Wit a can full of gas and a hand full of matches And still weren't found out (RIGHT HERE) From here on out it's the Chronic 2 Startin today and tomorrow's the new And I'm still loco enough To choke you to death wit a Charleston Chew {*Eminem's vocal turntable*} Slim shady - hotter then a set of twin babies  in a Mercedes Benz wit the windows up  when the temp goes up to the mid 80's Callin men ladies; sorry Doc but I been crazy There's no way that you can save me It's okay, go with him Hailey (Da-da?) Chorus [Dr. Dre] If it was up to me, you muh'fuckers would stop comin up to me  wit your hands out lookin up to me, like you want somethin free When my last CD was out, you wasn't bumpin me But now that I got this little company Everybody wanna come to me like it was some disease But you won't get a crumb from me Cause I'm from the streets of (Compton, Compton) I told em all - all them little gangstas  Who you think helped mold 'em all? Now you wanna run around talkin bout guns like I ain't got none What you think I sold 'em all? Cause I stay well off Now all I get is hate mail all day sayin Dre fell off What cause I been in the lab wit a pen and a pad tryin to get this damn label off? I ain't havin that; this is the millenium of Aftermath It ain't gon' be nothin after that So give me one more platinum plaque  and fuck rap! You can have it back So where's all the Madd Rappers at? It's like a jungle in this habitat But all you savage cats, know that I was strapped wit gats when you were cuddlin a Cabbage Patch Chorus Chorus 1/2 (after music ends) Artist: Dr. Dre f/ Nate Dogg, Snoop Dogg Album: The Chronic 2001 Song: The Next Episode Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Snoop Dogg] (Kurupt) La-da-da-da-dahh It's the motherfuckin D-O-double-G (SNOOP DOGG!) La-da-da-da-dahh You know I'm mobbin with the D.R.E. (YEAH YEAH YEAH  You know who's back up in this MOTHERFUCKER!) What what what what? (So blaze the weed up then!) Blaze it up, blaze it up! (Just blaze that shit up nigga, yeah, 'sup Snoop??) Top Dogg, bite em all, nigga burn the shit up D-P-G-C my nigga turn that shit up C-P-T, L-B-C, yeah we hookin back up And when they bang this in the club baby you got to get up Thug niggaz drug dealers yeah they givin it up Lowlife, yo' life, boy we livin it up Takin chances while we dancin in the party fo' sho' Slip my hoe a forty-fo' and she got in the back do' Bitches lookin at me strange but you know I don't care Step up in this motherfucker just a-swangin my hair Bitch quit talkin, crip walk if you down with the set Take a bullet with some dick and take this dope from this jet Out of town, put it down for the Father of Rap And if yo' ass get cracked, bitch shut yo' trap Come back, get back, that's the part of success If you believe in the S you'll be relievin your stress [Snoop]	La-da-da-da-dahh [Dre]	It's the motherfuckin D.R.E. (Dr. Dre MOTHERFUCKER!) [Snoop]	La-da-da-da-dahhh [Dre]	You know I'm mobbin with the D-O-double-G [Dr. Dre] Straight off the fuckin streets of C-P-T King of the beats you ride to em in your Fleet (Fleetwood) or Coupe DeVille rollin on dubs How you feelin whoopty=whoop nigga whut? Dre and Snoop chronic'ed out in the 'llac with Doc in the back, sippin on 'gnac (yeah) Clip in the strap, dippin through hoods (what hoods?) Compton, Long Beach, Inglewood! South Central out to the Westside (wessyde) It's California Love, this California bud got a nigga gang of pub I'm on one, I might bail up in the Century Club with my jeans on, and my team strong Get my drink on, and my smoke on Then go home with, somethin to poke on (whassup bitch?) Loc it's on for the two-triple-oh Comin real, it's the next episode... [Nate Dogg] Hold up, waiiiiiiit for my niggaz who be thinkin we soft We don't, playyyyyyy We gon' rock it til the wheels fall off Hold up, heyyyyyyyy for my niggaz who be actin too bold Take a, seeaaaaaat Hope you ready for the next episode HeyyyeyyyeEYEYyyyEYYYY.... .... smoke weed everday! Artist: Dr. Dre f/ Kurupt, Hittman & Ms. Roq Album: The Chronic 2001 Song: Let's Get High Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [all together] All these niggaz and all these hoes in here Somebody here gon' fuck! (repeat 4X) [Hittman] Talkin that, walkin that, spittin at hoes Smokin this, drinkin that, hittin at hoes Fuck this I'm hittin that I'm hittin em both Have one ridin dick, one lickin my toes When I'm lovin these hoes there ain't no love involved No hugs, no kisses, bear rugs, bear britches Rare bitches like to pose in them Black Tail pictures Bitch jumped off my dick, "Is that Dre over there?" [Dr. Dre] Yeah -- I just took some Ecstasy Ain't no tellin what the side effects could be All these fine bitches equal sex to me plus I got this bad bitch layin next to me No doubt, sit back on the couch Pants down, rubber on, set to turn that ass out Laid the bitch out, then I put it in her mouth Pulled out, nutted on a towel and passed out [Kurupt] Come on let's get high (hiiiiigh..) let's get high (hiiiiigh..) Come on let's get high (hiiiiigh..) let's get high, all my ladies let's get high (hiiiiigh..) high (hiiiiigh..) Let's get high (hiiiiigh..) Come on let's get high I make the four hop {*hydraulic sound*} pull up at the spot Weed by the barrels in my G'd up apparel Stompin in the party, Kurupt, Young Gotti I'm fuckin somethin in this bitch, hit em with some gangsta shit Put somethin in your mouth bitch real tasty I'm lookin real sauce in my gangsta-ass Casey's Hit the party, ease up, Kurupt with an ounce an' got all the hoes in this motherfucker bouncin {*hydraulics*} Down to.. 	YO WHATTUP SCRAM JONES? Mel-Man what's crackin?  Whassup wit all these ol' punk ass hoes in here? [Ms. Roq] Nigga WHUT??! I'm a hustlin bitch! I like them get rich niggaz, them hit the switch niggaz Niggaz bout the sex and which bitch to hit next while I'm kickin my game and collectin them checks Got all y'all niggaz vexed to fuck this triple-X rated hoe You say you ain't eat it - you ate it though And uhh, Roq don't stop, can't be droppin no drawers To the niggaz how you figure got you shittin in yours Yeah, little dicks always runnin they mouth While a bitch is better off to masturbate and be out All you bitches up in here know what I'm talkin about Get the loot, get the ice, fuck the wife, no doubt Tryin to live lavish, marry a big dick and stay carried Holla back at them niggaz that hollered at me Pop the Cris', whip the six and shit and have all y'all niggaz limp when I twist my shit Yeah! Bitch ass niggaz! Artist: Dr. Dre f/ Snoop Dogg, Hittman & Six-Two Album: Chronic 2001 Song: Bitch Niggaz Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Dre]	Some good-ass weed! [Snoop Dogg] Check it out Dogg; this game is a motherfuckin trip man Word on the streets Everybody always tryin to run up on me hollerin about word on the street is dis nigga said dis.. Man I don't give a FUCK about what that nigga said man! That's what's wrong with you niggaz, you niggaz is just like bitches Hoe-ass niggaz, talk too motherfuckin much (speak) Study your own, get your own -- yahmsayin? Be independent nigga - BEOTCH! [Dre]	Yeah [Snoop]	Bitch niggaz (bitch niggaz).. 	Bitch niggaz (bitch niggaz).. 	Bitch-ass niggaz (beotch).. [both]	BITCH NIGGAZ (bitch niggaz).. [Snoop]	Yeah I'm talkin about you (beotch).. [Dre]	Bitch niggaz [Snoop]	and you too (beotch).. [Snoop Dogg] Hmm.. Dogg.. I meet mo' bitch niggaz than hoes - look here And I really don't know, but that's just how it go (damn) Dogg - so many niggaz like to keep up shit And just like a bitch (beotch) niggaz be talkin shit (nigga) Smilin in my face and then they blast me in the back (ka-ka-ka-ka-ka) Niggaz stay strapped from way back, cause payback..'ll make niggaz wanna pop that shit If you ain't ready for the game (uh-uh) nigga stop that shit We rock that shit, my nigga Dre, drop that shit (right) No mo' talkin, I'm walkin and I'm poppin the clip Glock on the hip, set-trippin dippin an' shit If you act like a bitch (nigga) nigga you get smacked like a bitch [Snoop]	Bitch niggaz, bitch niggaz (bitch niggaz) [Dr. Dre] These niggaz don't know what the fuck is goin on Yo Dogg, check it kick back Let me holla at these niggaz for a minute.. Straight off the streets of chaos and no pity The aggravated, makin these punk muh'fuckers hate it COMPTON is the city I'm from Cain't never leave the crib without a murder wea-pon Huh, I cain't live my life on broke no mo' And most of these fools ain't shit but cutthroats They smile in a nigga face - and for what? They got the game fucked up, and want my thang fucked up I done learned a lot, seen a whole lot The top notch nigga, I'm fiendin for that spot Now peep game on what Six-Deuce told me [Six-Two] These niggaz after yo' paper, Dr. D.R.E. (what?) And these punk-ass hoes is lookin for dough You gotta watch your homeboys, cause a nigga never know Oh, they'll be around, but when yo' paper get low Just like Master P said, "There Dey Go, There Day Go" Bitch niggaz... uh-huh... {Dr. Dre cuts and scratches "attention all personnel"} 	{"stop scheamin, and lookin hard" -> Audio Two} {"stop scheamin, and..an, and..an-an, and..and lookin hard"} [Dr. Dre] Bitch nigga, a bitch nigga Bitch nigga, HELLA bitch nigga Youse a bitch nigga, motherfucker bitch nigga A bitch nigga.. a bitch nigga [Hittman] I know yo' type, so much bitch in you, if it was slightly darker lights was little dimmer my dick be stuck up in yo' windpipe! Hmm, you'd rather blow me than fight, I'm from the OLD SCHOOL like Romey Rome homey yo, you owe me the right to slap you, like the bitch that you are, that wanted to cap you every since you was mad doggin me with that bitch in yo' car Fool {singing} "Who do you think you are? Mr. Big Stuff" Man, you shit on Hit, get yo' shit bust; plus pistol-whipped, cover it up - use yo' bitch's blush Mr. Powder Puff yo', bark ain't loud enough, huh I know chihuahuas that's mo' rah-rah, HA HA I have to laugh Dre, I bet he take bubble baths You don't want no trouble with the Aftermath staff, trust me Doggy Dogg, Diggy Doctor plus me No youse a busta slash hussy, soft as a Hush Puppy Must we break you down to estrogen most hated specimen's a bitch nigga! {Dr. Dre cuts and scratches "attention all personnel"} 	{"stop scheamin, and lookin hard" -> Audio Two} {"stop..stop..stop scheamin, and lookin hard"} {"..op-stop..ah-op-op-stop-sch-sch-scheamin, and lookin hard"} {"stop scheamin.. an-an.. an-an.. an-and lookin hard"} {"stop scheamin, and lookin hard"} {"stop skee-scheamin, and lookin hard"} {"stop scheamin, and.. and.. and..  stop scheamin, and lookin hard"} Artist: (Dr. Dre) f/ Hitman & Ms. Roq Album: The Chronic 2001 Song: Murder Ink Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Hitman] When darkness be closin in I'm motivated, with the howlin wind with a list of chosen men, frozen in sin Knowin that your end is beginnin Swift silent and deadly There's no defendin my plots, I know your every movement For six months I watch, coulda gotchu at your baby's mother's house Even at your down-low weed spot But the backdrop, wasn't flattering enough I didn't want people gathering and stuff {*cameras click*} Snapshots of blood splattering from the snuff Here - puff this here, while I figure which way, to split yo' wig Right now you as nervous, as a Farmer John pig As I dig into my tragic bag, take out the HK Twist on the silencer, insert the thirty-shot mag {*WHOOSH*} Bullet stuck to his brain like a mack Skull in fragments, I leave the cleanup to Dragnet 	This is anybody MURDERAHHH 	to fuckin everybody MURDERAHHH 	Nigga all y'all MURDERAHHH 	uh, uh, for real 	You'll fuck around and get killed 	This is anybody MURDERAHHH 	Motherfuckin everybody MURDERAHHH 	Yeah nigga all y'all MURDERAHHH 	uh, uh, for real 	You'll fuck around and get killed [Ms. Roq] Peeped all the stash drop and exchange of the dough Lurkin through the turf, think how I'ma just work Give em chase to the crib and yo he properly laced Stepped out the car, put my steel, to the side of his face Murder - this the fuckin Case, rob this nigga and shake the fuckin spot cause in a few it's gon' be crawlin with cops! Who's the bad bitch now, you crept on, paid the piper Who'da thought a sexy bitch could be a murderous sniper Detrimental to your health, shoulda learned yo' lesson But it's too late nigga bye-bye, better count yo' blessings I been watchin you watchin me, yeah you ballin Was, nigga now you finger fucked and steady fallin A thug wit no love, but bitch niggaz die fast Thug niggaz die young - oh what you thought you would last? Blast two shots to the dome, slide back to the pad and jack my nigga off, til his dick get soft Resume the wifey boo shit, cause yo my man don't know that his bitch is straight ill, servin ass with fo'fo' {*KABOOM*} 	I'm a motherfuckin MURDERAHHH 	Bitch disses anybody MURDERAHHH 	Yeah nigga all y'all MURDERAHHH 	uh, uh, for real 	You'll fuck around and get killed 	I'm a motherfuckin MURDERAHHH 	Uhh bitch disses anybody MURDERAHHH 	Yeah nigga all y'all MURDERAHHH 	uh, uh, for real 	You'll fuck around and get killed! {*echoes*} Artist: (Dr. Dre f/) Eddie Griffin Album: The Chronic 2001 Song: Ed-ucation Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Eddie Griffin] Aww they say uhh.. .. a black man is a pimp Well let me tell you the biggest pimp on planet motherfuckin Earth, is her momma It's her MOMMA that told her, "Get a man that got a good job gurl!  Make sure he got a good car gurl!  Make sure he can take you out and buy you somethin gurl!" What happened to just fallin in love with a nigga with a bus pass -- -- just cause you love the nigga? But +I'm+ the pimp motherfucker! I gotta be the player! Biggest hoes, on planet Earth.. .. are walkin through the motherfuckin neighborhood You KNEW when you got with the nigga he already had a woman You knew he already had a family but you fucked him anyway!!! And then when you thought you gon' lose the nigga you went and got pregant - didn't you bitch, DIDN'T YOU!! THE OL' KEEP A NIGGA BABY And then when the nigga ain't around, what do you tell the child? "Aww that nigga ain't shit, that's why yo' daddy ain't here;  cause that nigga ain't shit." How bout bein a woman, and tellin the kid the truth that yo' momma, you was a hoe! TELL THE KID! Momma was a hoe, I was weekend pussy I had you to keep the nigga, it didn't work out that's why he ain't here - but he a good nigga cause he take care of his REAL family I was just a dumb bitch, tryin to keep, a nigga that I wanted Artist: Dr. Dre f/ Defari, Xzibit, Knoc-Turn'al, Time Bomb,   King T, MC Ren & Kokane Album: The Chronic 2001 Song: Some L.A. Niggaz Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [MC Ren] Yeah nigga, MC Ren up in this motherfucker (West West y'all) Yeah, L.A. niggaz L.A. niggaz rule the world nigga Y'all niggaz gotta recognize, yaknahmsayin? Niggaz don't wanna peep game, yaknahmsayin? But this shit come all the way back around here My nigga Dre, droppin heat box on y'all bitch-ass Yaknahmsayin? You gotta recognize L.A. niggaz, connected all over the motherfuckin world, nigga Recognize this [Time Bomb] Now in my younger days I used to sport a rag Backpack full of cans plus a four-four mag G'd from the feet up Blued up from the sewer's how I grew up Loc'n, smokin and drinkin til we threw up (threw up) At Leimert Park, taggin, hittin fools up Ditchin my class, just to fuck yo' school up You don't wanna blast, nigga tuck yo' tool up But don't sleep, y'all niggaz quick to shoot you Now there's another motherfucker with no future But Time Bomb much smoother when I manuever, dope like Cuba Got em jumpin {*King T starts speakin, indecipherable*} [King T] I'm comin "Straight Outta Compton" with a loose cannon Smoke big green, call it Bruce Banner Watch your manners, at last another blast from the top notch From way back with the pop rocks, I pop lock witcha Picture this, Dr. Dre twistin wit Tha Liks and Hittman bought a fix Don't trip, it's a Time Bomb in this bitch Here it tick tick tick tick {*BOOM*} Wait a minute it's on, I tell it like a true mackadelic Weed and cocaine sold seperate, check it From sundown to sunup -- clown done run up The Aftermath'll be two in your gut, nigga what? Chorus: Knoc-Turn'al, Kokane We roll deep, smoke on weed drink and pack heat Requirements for survival each day -- in L.A.! It don't stop, we still mash in hot pursuit from the cops Analyze why we act this way -- in L.A.! [Hittman] Gimme that mic fool, it's a West coast jack move They call me Hitt - cause I spit like gats do cock me back Bust caps for my max crew, at Fairfax who used to wear Air Max shoes, that's true But I grew up where niggaz jack you, harass you Blast you, for that set you claim (where you from?) Mash on you for your turkish chain, C.K. B.K. Blued up or flame, I ran wit a gang I helped niggaz get, jacked for they Dana Dane's My pants hang below my waistline I look humble wanna rumble? (yeah yeah) I bang though, like Vince Carter from the baseline don't waste my time Fuck a scrap in killa Cali, AK's and 9's One-time's, sunshines, and fine-ass bitches Hawaiian thai, drive-by, six-fo's on switches [Xzibit] I was raised in the hood called WHAT-THE-DIF' Where the brothers in the hood, refused to go Hollywood Slugs for the fuck of it Anybody hatin on us can suck a dick If I catch you touchin mine you catch a flatline, dead on the floor Better than yours, drivin away gettin head from a whore It's AvireX-to-the-Z Fuckin with me might get you banned from TV, cassette and CD it's all mine the whole nine the right time Multiply, we don't die, the streets don't lie What, so neither do I, I'm bad for your health like puttin a pistol up to your face and blastin yourself [Defari] Five in the mornin, burglars at my do' Glock forty-five in my dresser drawer Let em come in BLAOW he see the thunder roll Roll with niggaz, who by fifths by the fo' and bruise by the case SLAP YOU in the face with the bass, Dr. Dre laced Likwit Kings wit Sedans and gold rings Haters fold the style, but can't find no openings Chorus [Outro] In L.A. That's how we ride (4X) Artist: Dr. Dre f/ Kurupt & Hittman Album: The Chronic 2001 Song: Housewife Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Chorus: Kurupt] Now this this is one of them occasions where the homies not doin it right I mean he found him a hoe that he like But you can't make a hoe a housewife And when it all boils down you gonna find in the end a bitch is a bitch, but a Dogg is a man's best friend So what you found you a hoe that you like But you can't make a hoe a housewife (wife) [Dr. Dre] I mostly sold dick while I packed a gold clip Worked my money-maker, she got paper, she bout to trip (Where the fuck is my money?) I cannot G guilty You pimpin strong, but comin home, to sheets that be filthy She on the dillzy, I take advantage All up in them panties, I got this bitch speakin Spanish I'm mannish - get yo' nails out my back Slut I'm bout to nut and get up, go scrub yo' cat Learn the player rules, this is how I play a dude Might not be a freak, but she got on the choosin shoes Dollar signs are folded, I can't control it Tryin to leave her, beeper just exploded She sweatin me, won't let me, broad turned fraud Now she on this dick huh, got her turnin tricks huh Man it's a trip I don't trip I'm in yo' Lexus flexin I left her up in Dallas, Texas - assed-out [Hittman] Naw hoe is short for honey, almost had her Wailin like Bunny Tellin tales of bein pregnant, catchin Norstrom sales with abortion money I spotted her, seen her with my nigga when I shot at her Now we got beef, he caught up in the hoe's erotica Exotic - she's psychotic, rockin his Nautica Soon he'll need antibiotics (sucka bitch) Name a sexual disease, she got it like Sam Goody You be like, "Damn how could she hit me off with chlamydia?" Fool I pity ya We live in the city off, ballers with more bouncin than a Zapp, she will doo-wah-diddy-ya Prettier to grittier, the wittier can get her to the Hotel, Niko, on some Sauve shit like, Rico That's when I caught a Vision like Coleco A high-post hoe, a perfect way for me to keep dough Huh, have her sellin ass on Bronson Ave. and Pico [Kurupt] At the ho-tel, mo-tel, or the Holiday Inn (say what nigga?) I said if that bitch keep fuckin up (beotch) then we'll fuck her friends I said I dip, dive, what can I say? Niggaz need to stop fuckin with O.J. Some niggaz bang blood, some niggaz bang crip And bitches ain't shit but hoes and tricks I had to dream of hoes, I had to scream at hoes I seen my hoes in all kinds of clothes Lil' Almond Joy, I truly enjoy if you blew my balls, right through my drawers Come back to the mansion, chill at the spot From the way she was blowin, I know she does it a lot I have a eight-and-a-half, nine-and-three-quarters The hoe started callin when I started boss ballin Gimme some head, gimme some ass (uh-huh) Gimme some cash, pass it to Daz Pass it to Snoop, or pass it to Nate Hoes eat dick like eggs and steak That ain't shit new, I thought you knew (what?) I knew you would, you wish you could break a G down, break me down But I'ma see you on the rebound (what what?) D.P. style {*door slams*} [D.O.C.] Lil' 1/2 Dead [1/2 Dead] Lil' 1/2 Dead? The one who jumped out the cell with Snoop Dogg on "Lil' Ghetto Boy"? [D.O.C.] Yeahhh [some hoe] He gotta be MORE than 1/2 Dead if he don't fill my motherfuckin drink up! [1/2 Dead] Or fill your motherfuckin mouth up [D.O.C.] Ahhhhhh-HAHAhahahahAHAHH [some hoe] I don't think so!! Artist: (Dr. Dre f/) Hittman Album: The Chronic 2001 Song: Ackrite Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Hittman] It's fuckin ackrite Question is - can I get some? Knahmsayin? Ackrite bitch When I see you in the spot, you just ackrite, youknahmsayin? When I yank you by the fuckin perm don't be lookin at a nigga crazy Just get with the digits and be the fuck out, youknahmsayin? Let me break it down for y'all It was just one of those days when I wanted to catch sunrays Fun to get blunted on a Sunday, afternoon Nigga ? got room, grab the gat for misbehavors and the chocolate faded boom, flossin hip-hop tunes Zoom-zoom like the Commodores Wonder will we have drama or, end up clownin whores Around the full good-to-go girls like them Barbary Coast girls, riding shotgun, baby I be postin all-world in The Ra Sippin 151 that gave me too much pride to back down Soon as we get to The Beach I'ma put my fuckin mack down I'm playin lead, not the background It's time to put Bronson on the map now Walk with my hand on my Johnson, crack a smile Cuties peep my style, if I don't get some ackrite I'ma have to ack-wild Chorus: sung by Hittman Blunt in my left hand, drink in my right Strap by my waistline, cause niggaz don't fight Sucker free for life, so you better think twice (Aight? And a give a nig' some ackrite) I'm the type of nigga playa haters don't like Snatchin up your honey for some late night hype And snobby-ass bitches get slapped out of spite (Aight? So give a nig' some ackrite, right) [Hittman] Uhhhhh.. drink kickin in, I'm stimulated For those that don't know big words, I'M FUCKIN FADED Eighty-three degrees, ease to a shaded spot Our first spot was cool til some gangsters made it hot Now we plot and pose plus we watchin hoes, with lots of flesh exposed gettin swarmed by those type of niggaz with no game but brown-nose So I impose only like pros can "Yo, is this your man?" "No." Grab the bitch's hand, "I'm Hittman." Bling! Gold chain gleam "You're very eligible for my summer league team." Maybe too extreme cause the sister got steamed Then Miss Thing tried to scream on my brethern I got mad spit flame on the name Stefan, tattooed on her arm Hoe you ain't the bomb, must be a dyke witcho' lips swoll, and give a nig' some ackrite Chorus (minus the word "Aight" both times) [Hittman] Frontin on the ack-rite, causin me to act up Good Samaritan save that hoe from gettin slapped up My homies crack up at the scene I made Yo my actions ain't serene when a nigga's on fade If it wasn't for the one-time brigade I woulda sprayed at the hooker tramp As cops parade I'm afraid it's time to break camp Make tracks, where else can we go to take hoes from fake macks {*CAR HORN*} aiyyo, chase them girls in that black Maxima, the passenger, almost fractured her neckbone, lookin back at us Plus, they on the dick cause the Caddy's plush They blush, I bumrush the hush, with the largest crush Try to swing an ep tonight so I don't have to keep in touch Keep it on hush without the tip-in Mackin interrupted by some niggaz set-trippin Clip in the strap, I showed these niggaz how to act Chorus Artist: Dr. Dre f/ Knoc-turn'al & Hittman Album: The Chronic 2001 Song: Bang Bang Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash 	Everywhere I go, all I ever seem to hear is BANG BANG!! BANG BANG!! 	No matter where I go, all I ever seem to see is BANG BANG!! BANG BANG!! 	Everywhere I go, all I ever seem to hear is BANG BANG!! BANG BANG!! 	No matter where I go, all I ever seem to see is BANG BANG!! BANG BANG!! [Dr. Dre] Everyday it's the same thang, L.A. ain't changed Niggaz still playa hatin, but Dre ain't changed I'm just a lot smarter now cause these niggaz is bangin ten times harder now Niggaz ringin they ass up in the wrong part of town Better turn they car around Rollin the window down (Em: Hey can we talk it out?) (Hitt: NAH GET THE FUCK OUT!) Johnny got a shotgun and he ain't even strong enough to cock one Fuck tryin to job hunt Niggaz got AK's, niggaz is way crazier than Dre was back in his N.W.A. days Niggaz spray strays and shoot without lookin Niggaz walk by and blast without leavin a footprint I think the attitudes are twice as worst It takes half the time to get your life reversed Always tryin to play Rambo with they ammo Make a nigga wanna stay in family mode BANG BANG!! BANG BANG!! 	Everywhere I go, all I ever seem to hear is BANG BANG!! BANG BANG!! 	No matter where I go, all I ever seem to see is BANG BANG!! BANG BANG!! 	Everywhere I go, all I ever seem to hear is BANG BANG!! BANG BANG!! 	No matter where I go, all I ever seem to see is BANG BANG!! [Knoc-turn'al] Late nights is full of led that whistles as it goes by Murder arrives, anytime Bullets take flight when the fo'-five ignites Some hearts skip a beat, some get blew out, and never re-light Wit you in the site of youngsters with automatics Bustin on shit to lay everything down even tourists and non-affiliates These days, gun play is official with green lights on every block Know the sign tells you too it's not best to stop On every corner, Cali niggaz are dumpin You'll be shakin your soul loose from the box at the coroner's Makin death not so foreign to ya Niggaz got Rugers and M-14's with enough,  ammo to leave an armored truck swiss cheese I've learned to stay away from house parties I've seen too many go and end up absent without leavin Ain't no, warm welcomings, my eyes have witnessed the bend in on Nights that don't sleep, and fireworks until dawn 	Everywhere I go, all I ever seem to hear is BANG BANG!! BANG BANG!! 	No matter where I go, all I ever seem to see is BANG BANG!! BANG BANG!! 	Everywhere I go, all I ever seem to hear is BANG BANG!! BANG BANG!! 	No matter where I go, all I ever seem to see is BANG BANG!! BANG BANG!! [Hittman] Now tell me - what the fuck is this man? Niggaz doin brothers in worse than the Klan Can't even stand, in front of your buildin and chill without yieldin, twelve-year-old children that kill blood spillin, thugs be illin, unnecessary slugs fillin the sky, usually drillin the one that wasn't willin to die, yes sir in the Killing Field I got my, life preserver And I'll do my time for murder, these niggaz got the nerve to question me - bout the colors that I got on? Now see that red dot on your knot Bout to get your whole crew shot on A Soldier of Fortune, I'm the wrong nigga to plot on Took him out on the spot before he even got on my hitlist -- peep this I cock back, you bow down Bust round, bloody the ground, retaliation sounds like this 	Everywhere I go, all I ever seem to hear is BANG BANG!! BANG BANG!! 	No matter where I go, all I ever seem to see is BANG BANG!! BANG BANG!! 	Everywhere I go, all I ever seem to hear is BANG BANG!! BANG BANG!! 	No matter where I go, all I ever seem to see is BANG BANG!! BANG BANG!! 	Everywhere I go, all I ever seem to hear is BANG BANG!! BANG BANG!! 	No matter where I go, all I ever seem to see is BANG BANG!! BANG BANG!! 	Everywhere I go, all I ever seem to hear is BANG BANG!! BANG BANG!! 	No matter where I go, all I ever seem to see is BANG BANG!! BANG BANG!! Artist: Dr. Dre f/ Mary J. Blige, Rell Album: The Chronic 2001 Song: The Message Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Dr. Dre] This one is for my brother, Tyree, R.I.P. .. {*Mary J. Blige sings in the background*} .. A message to God .. {*Mary J. Blige sings in the background*} .. [Dr. Dre] Since you finishin em early, what posessed you to start him? We made a vow - later we'll regret til death do us part Lord, I thought we was made for each other You shouldn't connect those, made to be taken away from each other Now what I'm supposed to do? I'm only half the man that I was I'll never last, cause my better half is up there with you You knew what you was doin when you made us; so with all due respect you coulda forgave him, you didn't have to take him He can take the game with him, cause he defines the word The one who puts the G in it, who you think put me in it? I'm feelin like my whole world is blinded - wonderin why Cryin, pourin out my heart, pourin out liquor behind it We fought like brothers, somethin we never should do We coulda used time spent arguin tellin the truth He had talent too - I had plans on watchin him grow Don't know what hurts more - seein him leave, or watchin him go [Mary J. Blige] Listen listen listen.. (listen) whoahh (listen) Listen listen listen.. (better listen) whoahh-oahhh-oahhh Listen listen listen.. {*harmonizing*} Listen.. mmm-mmm-mmm [Rell] + {Mary} If you wanna know why.. {why I live my life} The way that I do.. {cause I got to get this money} So don't worry about me.. {cause I know my way around} I'm just hustlin everyday, runnin this race, makin this paper [Dr. Dre] Youse a soldier, you're probably packin heat up there Met up with homies from the street, and got deep up there If you only knew the way I felt before they ruined the crew I thought I learned from Eazy, now I'm goin through it with you We lost a thug, a son, and a father I spoke to your son, the other day, and told him Uncle Dre got him The Lord must be accidentally pulling your file cause I'm still paging you, 911, straight in denial Prayin you get it, but no man can choose the card he was dealt You either quit, or you gon' play it like you get it I done been through all emotions, from in shock, to keepin a poker face to straight breakin down and showin all emotions I'm anxious to believe in real G's don't cry If that's the truth, then I'm realizin I ain't no gangsta It's just not me, but you know I'ma always ride wit you I miss you, sometimes I wish I just died wit you [Mary J. Blige] Listen listen listen.. (listen) whoahh (listen) Listen listen listen.. whoahh-oahhh-oahhh Listen listen listen.. {*harmonizing*} Listen.. eyy-eyy-eyy-yeah-yeahh [Rell] + {Mary} If you wanna know why.. {why I live my life} The way that I do.. {cause I got to get this money} So don't worry about me.. {don't worry, don't worry worry} I'm just hustlin everyday, runnin this race, makin this paper [Mary J. Blige]  yeah, yeah, ahhh-oooh-oahahahhhhh.. listen..  mmmmmmmmmhmhmhmmmmmm..  if you don't know why I.. you gotta listen up right now  lis-ten, lis-ten, lis-ten, lis-ten..  oooooooooh... oahahoooohhh ooooha ohhhhh  lis-ten, lis-ten  ahhhowooooo yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah, yeah yeah yeah  yeah-ehh-yeah, yeah-ooeooooh  yahhooooohahhooooh listen  lis-ten, children lis-ten  I'm tryin to tell you somethin good  Don't get caught up in the hood  Yeahhh-hah, yeahhh-hah, aooooooh  if you don't know why..  you gotta find out the reason why..  brother.. brother.. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Dr. Dre f/ Knoc-turn'al Album: The Wash soundtrack/Bad Intentions 12" Song: Bad Intentions Typed by: Khadafi662@aol.com (Super ugly!) [Dr. Dre] Put your cups up, get your smoke in Baby, we partyin, ain't nobody loc'n Who you provokin, what you want now? Take a look around, it's pimp shit goin down It's a lot of bitches, a whole lot of freaks Top notch hoes, they flock in every week What you wan' do, get your next thrill Take an X pill, how the sex feel? Damn you lookin good, all ten of y'all Wwanna roll (yeaaah!), I'm dickin y'all Keep your face down (ooh), keep your ass up (ohhh) You know what your doin (ooooh), keep that shit movin (yeah) Keep them titties jumpin, keep the Henny comin Every bitch in here need to be touchin somethin I know they like it hot, that's why I keep it hot So how the fuck could they not want a piece of Doc? [Chorus: Knoc-turn'al] I don't give a fuck 'cause I'm just drinkin, smokin, straight West-coastin Bitches puttin ass in motion Pussy poppin, sex promotin Got a cup? [Raise it up] Got a blunt? [Blaze it up] That's your bitch? [On these nuts] Really I don't...[Give a fuck] All I really know is your hoe wants to be with me, and she ain't playin And what I'm sayin (she creeps with me) And sleeps, between the sheets [Dr. Dre] Soon as the door close I make 'em curl toes, they all wanna get chose We never love y'all, my niggas all macks We sip a lot of Yak, fuck and never call back Pack women in the club until it's pitch black Thugs on their block wonderin where their bitch at Where you think nigga? She with the Aftermath Called her house, she ain't home, she with Aftermath No talkin, fuck how your day go You want dick (yeeeaah!), will bitch say so Don't be shy now, probably the best at it They say a party ain't a party until the west at it Gravitate to the Doc like it's automatic Take your clothes off, make me wanna grab it Turn around with it, make me wanna stab it (yeaah) Time to get it crackin, show me them bad habits (oooh) [Knoc-turn'al] When she's all alone she sneaks out to be with me And what I'm sayin is she ain't playin (she creeps with me) And sleeps, between the sheets [Dr. Dre] Yeah, Aftermath, Doc Dre, 5-star surgeon general (yeaaah!) Nocturnal, L.A. Confidential (yeaaah!) What up Infinite, Mahagony droppin the instrumental (yeaaah!) Do the math, Aftermath gets the last laugh (yeaaah!) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Dr. Dre and LL Cool J Album: Bulworth soundtrack Song: Zoom Typed by: jannunz@netaxis.com; OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Dr. Dre] I got my mind made up, come on; get in, get into it Let it ride, tonight's the night, yeah *repeat 2X* Yeah, yeah, come on [LL Cool J] Uh, you know you a freak Before the album went platinum, ya hardly speak And now you're skin grinnin, gassed off the chrome rims and twenty room mansion, I rest my Timb's in Uhh, I feel it how ya shake it Rings in ya belly, I can't take it Toss up your Moet, money make it Last week frontin, tonight butt naked I got the flava, make em Zoom-a-zoom The LL Cool J, [fuck it] give me room Looked up in my eyes as I lowered the boom Twenty thousand freaks packed up in one room, uhh [Dr. Dre] All I wanna do, is Zoom-a-Zoom Zoom Zoom (Mmmm, whatchu wanna do) Uhh, whatchu wanna do? *repeat 2X* [Dr. Dre] Once again it's on, can't be home The crime got me in the zone; homies blowin up the celly phone The world knew I had to come once mo' And just to let y'all know, I do my thing and still blow Nuff to burn ten mill' cells, confirmed The most anticipated since Tyson's return So come on everybody let's all get down Cause what we have, is a brand new sound [LL Cool J] All the mommies in the house gettin live tonight They wanna (Zoom Zoom Zoom, Zoom Zoom-Zoom) And all my dogs feel the vibe tonight They wanna (Zoom Zoom Zoom, Zoom Zoom-Zoom) Say what? [Dr. Dre] All I wanna do, is Zoom-a-Zoom Zoom Zoom (Mmmm, whatchu wanna do) Uhh, whatchu wanna do? [Dre] All I wanna do, is Zoom-a-Zoom Zoom Zoom [LL] Dre, whatchu wanna do? [Dre] Mr. Smith, it's on you, uh [LL Cool J] In other words, it's gon' be like that You young boys is blind, I'm seein them cats Evolutionary (what?) Revolutionary and legendary I got a climax waiting for each and every cherry I'm like a narcotic, niggaz is microscopic Dr. Dre and Cool J, is the topic  Forever, my lyrics is rough and energetic Them cats is blazin? I don't get it, they cosmetic If shorty wanna step up? I'll twist his neck up You can't get no money battling me; that's like ripping your check up What partna? Take ten paces and turn around That quick, yo' whole ghost town is burnin down (Woooof!) What I spit, manipulates whole clicks Make em conversate on how real niggaz ride my dick It's like a serum, I just can't hear em All them new niggaz poppin new shit, I never fear em As we proceed To give you what you need Satisfaction guaranteed Work and die Yeah, yeah  [Dr. Dre] I got my mind made up, come on; get in, get into it Let it ride, tonight's the night, yeah *repeat 3X* The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Dr. Dre f/ Eminem, Hittman Album: Chronic 2001 Promotional CDs Song: Forgot About Dre (Original Video Edit) Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash, dy_face@yahoo.com * Also the Remix Version, though in the Remix all Skits were simply removed [Dr. Dre] Y'all know me, still the same O.G., but I been low key Hated on by most these niggaz with no cheese, no deals and no Gs No wheels and no keys, no boats, no snowmobiles, and no skis Mad at me cause I can finally afford to provide my family with groceries Got a crib with a studio and it's all full of tracks To add to the wall full of plaques Hanging up in the office in back of my house like trophies Did y'all think I'ma let my dough freeze? Whore please! - you better bow down on both knees Who you think taught you to smoke trees? Who you think brought you the oldies? Eazy-E's, Ice Cube's and D.O.C's, then Snoop D-O-double-G's And the group that said Mother-"Fuck Tha Police" Gave you a tape full of dope beats To bump when you stroll through in your hood And when your album sales wasn't doing too good Who's the Doctor they told you to go see? Y'all better listen up closely All you niggaz that said that I turned pop, or The Firm flopped Y'all are the reason that Dre ain't been getting no sleep So FUCK Y'ALL, all of y'all; if y'all don't like me - BLOW ME! Y'all are gonna keep fucking around with me and turn me back to the old me [Chorus: Eminem X2] Nowadays, everybody wanna talk like they got something to say But nothing comes out when they move their lips; just a bunch of gibberish And motherfuckers act like they forgot about Dre [Eminem] So what do you say to somebody you hate? (What?) Or anyone trying to bring trouble your way? Wanna resolve things in a bloodier way? (YUP) Then just study your tape of N.W.A.! One day I was walking by, with a Walkman on When I caught a guy, gave me an awkward eye (What you looking at?) And strangled him off in the Parking lot, with his Karl Kanis [Skit #1: Eminem and some old white Woman] [Woman:] Well uhh.. I know you! [Eminem] Aiy fuck you, you stupid Bitch! [Woman:] This is shame on you, this is.. [Eminem] Just SHUT the fuck up! [Woman:] What you're doing to my lawn.. that's a shame of you.. [Eminem] Fucking bitch, Shut Up [Woman:] I say stop do that to my house, and I ain't embarrass from you Now you and him and your hoodlums, you're ruining my sleep And my baby pie is awaken up because you woke him up You do it always with him, you're miserable guys [News Reporter] We are just in front of the house where a fire broke out In an upscale neighborhood as you can see this lady here.. (My dog, my dog!) (He'll be alright, we'll get your dog) And this gentleman here, he claims that he has seen all happen Can you tell me your name sir? [Skit #2: Eminem] Yeah, all I now is I'm upstairs, and I'm listening to my Will Smith CD And I have seen all these flames going everywhere, you know what I'm saying? Hey, hold on a minute, bitch! - Yo, aiy, hold on a minute Yo, Detroit what! - Detroit what! - Detroit baby! [News Reporter] Okay thank you sir, ..reporting Live, on this channel eight I'm Jane Yamamoto, back to the studio. [Eminem] And when the cops came through, me and Dre stood next to a burnt down house With a can full of gas and a hand full of matches And still weren't found out (RIGHT HERE) From here on out, it's the Chronic two Starting today and tomorrow's the new And I'm still loco enough, to choke you to death with a Charleston Chew (*Eminem's vocal turntable*) Slim shady - hotter then a set of twin babies In a Mercedes Benz with the windows up, when the temp goes up to the mid 80s Calling men ladies; sorry Doc but I been crazy There's no way that you can save me It's okay, go with him Hailey (Da-da) [Chorus: Eminem] [Dr. Dre] If it was up to me, you motherfuckers would stop coming up to me wit your hands out looking up to me, like you want something free When my last CD was out, you wasn't bumping me But now that I got this little company Everybody wanna come to me like it was some disease But you won't get a crumb from me Cause I'm from the streets of (Compton, Compton ---> MC Ren) I told them all - all them little gangsters Who you think helped mold them all? Now you wanna run around talking bout guns like I ain't got none What you think, I sold them all? - cause I stay well off Now all I get is hate mail all day saying Dre fell off What cause I been in the lab with a pen and a pad Trying to get this damn label off? I ain't having that; this is the millennium of Aftermath It ain't gon' be nothing after that So give me one more platinum plaque and fuck rap! You can have it back, so where's all the Mad Rappers at? It's like a jungle in this habitat But all you savage cats, know that I was strapped with gats when you were cuddling a Cabbage Patch [Chorus: Eminem] [Dr. Dre] Who's Next? [Hittman] Coming and stomping, it's Hitt from Bronson In collaboration with Dre from Compton Uhh.. I came to say a little something (Hittman) What? (2000) Hittman at the service Highly intensive tongue talents making all nervous Y'all faking, a four nine with my rhymes on purpose Y'all hating, puffing with Dre, y'all nervous Y'all waiting, anticipating, my arrival's California survivalist Smash on any man rival this Blast on any one who don't ride with Hitt Y'all better buy my shit.. (*Toilet Flushed*) [Dr. Dre] Hittman, 2000 The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Dr. Dre f/ Dawn Robinson, Snoop Doggy Dogg Album: Death Row: Break Up to Make Up Mixtape Song: Zoom Zoom (Extended Version) Typed by: dy_face@hotmail.com * Dr. Dre repeats "Zoom, Zoom, Zoom" over all the verses [Intro: Dr. Dre Talking] I got my mind made up Come on, get in, get into it To let it right Yeah, tonight's tonight Yeah, check it [Dr. Dre] Relax yourself, and let your conscience be free Get down to the sounds of the D-R-E Cause tonight's tonight, I'll get in some shit "yeah" Deep cover, black tint MAN Hummer Jams rock the whole summer Stackin' his green while niggaz get dumb and dumper A headline, keep the shines What's this surprise? Got the D.O. double G applied to me with the dope rhyme [Snoop Doggy Dogg] Wake up to make up, wake up it's time to take up More paper, it's Snoop and Dre who gettin' shake up And take up, to hold you all for all my dogs We hit you with that bang bang, boogie boogie y'all Whether slidin' in your lo-lo, or smokin' on some do do We're back in actions, spread the words, take some photos Cause, we got more paper to get, pounds to get I clowns the bitch, with pounds of shit, roll one nigga Uhh, just what the Doctor ordered It's the motherfuckin' father figure, I got a little older And got a little watcher But I still blast your ass with the 9 Mila-heat mind Aww, and incase you think I'm slippin' I'm dippin' with the bullet proof Sun rise, wise up [Chorus: Dawn Robinson + Dr. Dre AD-LIBS] Ooh, his first mistake was.. he had to do the crime "say what?" He had to hustle mornin' to the night "That's right, hah" If, he would have known then "yeah" The things that he knows now "yeah" He might not have got that time in Wayside [Dr. Dre] Yeah, it's me, white rag, cherry bently Cop shines from Italy, speak money language fluently Never fuck with the nastiest, flashiest Bought a house, big as Scarface to show my happiness Rack as the Six Zeros, for those who wanna get personal to home Cock the heavy metal, rollin' with my stones Prominent with flashy garments, spread a mill  Small bills, bring a smile to the Ice grill Popular, loved throughout the industry  If they sue light a philly cause the judge has got a Free Willy Salute with chill Rmy, gently  And escort four ladies an arm to Four Seasons after the club bentley Condo suits, I'm fancy Twenty floors up, overlookin' ladies, boomerang their panties Bumpin' Snoop Dogg's latest, takin' trips to Las Dregus That's how we do it, Snoop is on you [Snoop Doggy Dogg] Niggaz puffin' while they're stuffin' dope down their drawers Niggaz stackin' while we're jackin' nigga, all yours Compound, locked down, Dogg pound in a year  Decode comp-town is back with them L.B.C's Eastside up, wide up, that's how as real The Eastside family, D.P.G.C. I make a run for the buddah with a quarter of Hashie In a Blue Century, toast in the back seat Aboyed them, full the paranoid in them Runnin' out gat some, mashin' with the hashins Tryin' to get back to the big L.B.C And when I do, young niggaz sell me All your dope, and all your robes  Cause Big Snoop Dogg ain't no motherfuckin' joke Nigga [Outro: Dr. Dre repeated continuously until fade up] Zoom Zoom, Zoom Zoom Zoom, Zoom Zoom Zoom Zoom, Zoom Zoom Zoom, Zoom Zoom Zoom Zoom, Zoom Zoom Zoom, Zoom Zoom Zoom Zoom, Zoom Zoom Zoom, Zoom Zoom The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Dr. Dre f/ Snoop Doggy Dogg, Dat Nigga Daz, Jewell Album: Death Row Greatest Hits Song: Let Me Ride [REMIX] Typed by: OHHLA.com Intro: Jewell Uh no, ride with me, ooh babe Uh no, ride with me, oh yeah So many people wanna ride with me Bumpin thru the streets gettin high with me And if you're down to ride with me Cos you're rollin with the Row Verse 1: Dr. Dre, Snoop Doggy Dogg Creepin down the back street on Deez I got my Glock cocked cos niggas want these Now soon as I said it seems I got sweated By some nigga with a Tek 9 tryin ta take mine ya wanna make noise, make noise I make a phone call my niggas comin like the Gotti boys bodies bein found on Greenleaf with their fuckin heads cut off Motherfucker I'm Dre so listen to the play-by-play day-by-day rollin in my '4 with sixteen switches And got sounds for the bitches clockin all the riches Got the hollow points for the snitches So would you just walk on by Cos I'm too hard to lift and no this ain't Aerosmith It's the motherfuckin D-R-E from the CPT on a rhymin spree a straight G Hop back as I pop my top ya trip I let the hollow points commence to POP POP POP yeah cos if it don't stop I have to put my shit in reverse go back and take another stop cos I'm Rollin down the motherfuckin backstreets wit my drink and my cup and my strap in my lap, see Ain't nothin but the G Funk, bumpin in my ???? Hell yeah [Dre] With all the niggas sayin Chorus: Jewell So many people wanna ride with me Bumpin thru the streets gettin high with me (Hell yeah) And if you're down to ride with me Cos you're rollin with the Row! (with all the niggas sayin) So many people wanna ride with me Bumpin thru the streets gettin high with me (Hell yeah) And if you're down to ride with me Cos you're rollin with the Row! Verse 2: Dre, Snoop Just another motherfuckin day for Dre so I begin like this No medallions, dreadlocks, or black fists It's just that gangster glare with gangsta raps that gangsta shit makes a gang of snaps Uhh, word to the motherfuckin streets and word to these hyped ass lyrics and dope beats that I hit ya with that I get ya with as I groove in my '4 on Deez hittin the switches bitches relax while I get my proper swerve on bumpin like a motherfucker ready to get my serve on but before I hit the dope spot I gotta get the chronic, the Remy Martin and my soda pop Now I'm smellin like indo-nesia bus stop full of fly bitches and skeezers Cos my '4 on hit pancake front and back, side to side and all that shit so when I crawl I comes correct now, if your bitch in my shit, it's your bitch you check nigga Now let the Chevrolet slide as I dip a nigga trip to the south side yeah Right back up in you it's the D-R-E Witta ounce as we bounce thru the CPT Diamond in the back, gators on the wheels This is strictly for my bitches, now we're hittin in switches Niggas gettin jealous cos hos be on our dick But Dre don't give a fuck and I don't give a shit So the '4 won't blow stoppin by the spot to get some indo [Dre] With all the motherfuckin bitches sayin Chorus: Jewell So many people wanna ride with me Bumpin thru the streets gettin high with me (Hell yeah) And if you're down to ride with me Cos you're rollin with the Row! (with all the motherfuckin bitches sayin) So many people wanna ride with me (check this out) Bumpin thru the streets gettin high with me ( No hell yeah!) And if you're down to ride with me Cos you're rollin with the Row! Verse 3: Dat Nigga Daz It's like Long Beach, Compton, LA and Wotts I come thru beatin down your block wit a million-plus watts I burn double peelout, check it out, it's me now it's young Daz from the pad, homie, watch me skee'd out I'm on a mission to mission with tha time for the streets Me and my homeboys clownin we be bouncin to the beat I come thru rattlin and shakin plus I break down walls Me and my doggs ain't breakin no law Put the ???? in the verse, took a sip for the thirst Swervin by the curb while blazin the 'erb, nickel bird She got my sounds, the way I floss throughout the town Me and my partners from the Row, partners from the Pound Big Style, Joe Coomey and Snoop, Nate and Kurupt Tray Deee, Technique, BadAss and Doggystyle Put it work, day and night, night and day, but any day (hell yeah) you come around the way you won't live the next day Check it out! Chorus: Jewell So many people wanna ride with me (with everybody sayin) Bumpin thru the streets gettin high with me  And if you're down to ride with me (hell yeah) Cos you're rollin with the Row! So many people wanna ride with me (Yeah) And if you're down to ride with me Cos you're rollin with the Row! (you wanna ride?) Outro: Dre, (Daz) I said swing down sweet chariot stop and, (what? what?) let me ride (Cos you're rollin with the Row!) Swing down (word) sweet chariot stop and, let me ride Swing down sweet chariot stop and, let me ride Swing down sweet chariot stop and, let me ride Yeah ha ha Yeah (check it out), you wanna ride with me Uh, wit everybody sayin (Wit all my niggas with the humps and the bumps in the truck) (They keep on fuckin with niggas rollin down) Uh (What you want?) KnowI'msayin? (Come on let me ride, come on nigga let me ride) Uh uh, (Feelin good like ya should) ass (Homie what you're doin) Grass (When you're up to no good) A gas (doin what you're feelin, let me ride) Nobody rides free (let me ride) Hell yeah (Doin what you're feelin, ya cold chillin) (Doin what you want, top billin) (Motherfucker) KnowhutI'msayin? (let'cha ride) huh huh huh huh (I let'cha ride) yeah, you wanna ride? The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Dr. Dre featuring Snoop Doggy Dogg Album: Death Row Greatest Hits Song: Lil' Ghetto Boy (remix) The Ghetto x8 Snoop Doggy Dogg: Wake up, jumped out my bed I'm in a two man cell with my homie Lil' 1/2 Dead Murder was the case that they gave me Dear God, I wonder can you save me? I'm only eighteen, so I'm a young buck It's a ride, if I don't scrap, I'm gettin' stuck But that's the life of G, I guess Ese's way deep, shanked two in the chest Best run cause brothers is droppin' quicker Ugn, too late, damn, down goes another nigga Bouncin' off the walls, throwin' them dogs Gettin' that rep as a young hog It ain't nothin' like the street life You better be strapped with your shank Cause ain't no fist fight So I guess I gots to handle mine Since I did the crime, I gots to do my time Chorus: We run game in the ghetto We gets high in the ghetto We gets shot in the ghetto You might get stuck in the ghetto Lil' Ghetto Boy Dr. Dre: Now I'm holdin' the dub, sittin' on swoll Twenty-seven years old, up for parole, stroll I'm back up on my feet with my mind on the money That I be makin' soon as I touch them streets Things done changed on this side Remember they used to thump, but now they blast, right? But it ain't no thang to me Cause now I'm what they call a loced ass O.G. The little homies from the hood with grip Are the ones I get with cause I'm down to set trip Nigga, I'm bigger than you, so whatcha wanna do? Didn't know he had a twenty-two Straight sittin' behind his back I grabbed his pockets and then I heard six caps I fell to the ground with blood on my hands I didn't understand How a nigga so young could bust a cap I used to be the same way back I guess that's what I get (for what?) For tryin' to jack the little homies for they grip Chorus Snoop Doggy Dogg: Somethin' for the real O.G.'s to get with Some facts made our made Now you runnin' but I'm played Like every single day, really doe You know me, I'm the smooth macadamian Gamin'em for my homie No need in be uncalm, if you pack right And learnin' just enough to keep your sack tight Late nights, I wonder what they get in for? Early mornin' on the corners, what they hittin' for? Seven young G's put they serve down In a G ride, Eastside's where they swerve now Not thinkin' about what's really goin' on Got crept on, stepped on, now they gone I spent four years in the county With nothin' but convicts around me But now I'm back at the Pound And we expose ways for the youth to survive Some think it's wrong but we tend to think it's right So make all them ends you can make Cause when you're broke, you break, check it out So ain't no need for your mama to trip Cause you's a hustlin' ass youngsta, clockin' your grip Chorus Lil' Ghetto Boy That's the life of a G, I guess The ghetto. x3 That's the life of a G That's the life of a G, I guess The ghetto. x3 That's the life of a G. The ghetto That's the life of a G, I guess The ghetto The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Dr. Dre f/ Snoop Doggy Dogg Album: Deep Cover Soundtrack Song: Deep Cover Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [SDD] {*Snoop inhales*} Hit this motherfucker G [Cop] No, naw man, I can't fuck with that [SDD] Aww MAN, I been dealin witchu for three motherfuckin months [SDD] You ain't hit the pipe in front of me yet! [Cop] So what you sayin? [SDD] I think you five-oh! [Cop] Five-oh? Man I ain't no motherfuckin cop! [SDD] Well hit dis motherfucker den! {*pipe lights up*} ("I can feel it!") [Dr. Dre] + (Snoop) Tonight's the night I get in some shit (yeahhh) +Deep Cover+ on the incognito tip Killin motherfuckers if I have to, peelin caps too cause you niggaz know I'm comin at you I guess that's part of the game; but I feel for the nigga who think he just gon' come and change thangs With the swiftness, so get it right with the quickness And let me handle my business, yo I'm on a mission and my mission won't stop Until I get the nigga maxin at the top (I hope you get his ass 'fore he drop) Kingpin kickin back while his workers slang his rocks Coming up like a fat rat Big money, big cars, big bodyguards on his back So it's difficult to get him (But I got the hook up with somebody  who knows how to get in contact with him) Hit him like this and like that Let 'em know that I'm lookin for a big fat dope sack With ends to spend, so let's rush it If you want to handle it tonight, we'll discuss it  On a nigga's time, and a nigga's place Take my strap just in case one of his boys recognize my face Cause he's a sheisty motherfucker But I gives a fuck; cause I'm going +Deep Cover+ [Chorus: Dr. Dre] + (Snoop) Yeah, and you don't stop (Cause it's 1-8-7 on a undercover cop) Yeah, and you don't stop (Cause it's 1-8-7 on a undercover cop) [Snoop Doggy Dogg] + (Dre) Creep with me, as I crawl through the hood Maniac, lunatic, call me Snoop Eastwood Kickin dust as I bust, fuck peace And, the motherfuckin punk police You already know I gives a fuck about a cop So why in the fuck would you think that it would stop? Plot, yeah, that's what we's about to do Take yo' ass on a mission with the boys in blue Dre (whattup Snoop?) Yo, I got the feelin Tonight's the night like Betty Wright, and I'm chillin Killin, feelin, no remorse, yeah So lets go straight to the motherfuckin source And see what we can find Crooked-ass cops that be gettin niggaz a gang of time And now they wanna make a deal with me Scoop me up and put me on they team and chill with me .. and make my pockets bigger They want to meet with me tonight at seven o'clock (so whassup nigga?) What you wanna do? (What you wanna do?) I got the gauge, a uzi, and my motherfuckin twenty-two So if you wanna blast, nigga we can buck 'em If we stick 'em then we struck 'em, so fuck 'em! ("I can feel it!") [Snoop Doggy Dogg] + (Dre) Six-fo'-five was the time on the clock When me and my homey belled in the parkin lot The scene looked strange and it felt like a set up (Better not be, cause if it is they gettin lit up!) Oh - here they come from the back in they 'llacs I'm checkin for the gats they strap, so whassup black? (Chill, let's hear the deal  If it ain't up to what you feel then grab your steel) Right, so, what you motherfuckers gon' come at me with? Hope you ain't wantin none of my grip Cause you can save that shit (guess what they told me?) "We give you 20 G's if you snitch on your homey We'll put you in a home, and make your life plush Oh yeah, but you got to sell dope for us." Hmmm, let me think about it Turned my back and grabbed my gat and guess what I told him before I shot it: "If you don't quit, yeah, if you don't stop, yeah  I'm lettin my gat pop - cause it's 1-8-7 on a undercover cop!" [Chorus] - repeat to fade The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Dr. Dre f/ Snoop Doggy Dogg Album: Dre Day CD-Maxi Single Song: Dre Day (Clean Version) Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster Flash, no1wammy@hotmail.com [Dr. Dre] Heh Yeah Hell yeah Heh-heh You know what I'm sayin' {*inhale*} {*exhale*} Yeah [Verse 1: Dr. Dre] Mista Busta Where ya at? Can't scrap a lick So I know you got ya gat You stay on hard From gankin' ya raw dawgs The hood you threw up with Homies you grew up with Don't even respect your ass So now it's time for the doctor to check your ass Fool Used to be my homey Used to be my ace Now I wanna slap the taste Out your mouth Make you bow down to the Row Gankin' me, now I'm gankin' you, little hoe Oh Don't think I forgot Let you slide Let me ride Just another homicide Yeah, it's me so I'm a talk on Stompin' on the easiest/+Eazy+est streets that you can walk on So strap on your Compton hat, you locs And watch your back, cause you might get smoked, loc And pass the bud And stay low-key B.G., cause you lost all your homey's love Now call it what you want to You trip with me Now it's a must that I trip with you [Dr. Dre] Yeah You know what I'm sayin' We now have your record company surrounded Put down the candy and let the little boy go... Yeah Pre-Verse: Snoop Doggy Dogg Bow wow wow, yippy yo, yippy yay Doggy Dogg's definitely in the House Bow wow wow, yippy yo, yippy yay Death Row's definitely in the House [Verse 2: Snoop Doggy Dogg] Bow wow wow, yippy yo, yippy yay The sounds of a dog brings me to another day Play With my bone, would ya Timmy? It seems like you're good for making jokes about your jimmy Well, here's a jimmy joke about your mama That you might not like I heard she was a 'Frisco dyke But on the rizzeals, I'm talkin' about you and me Toe to toe Tim M-U-T Your bark was loud, but your bite wasn't vicious And them rhymes you were kickin' were quite bootylicious You get with Doggy Dogg, oh is he crazy? With ya mama and your daddy hollin', "Baby" So won't they let you know That if you step to Dre, fool, you steppin' to Death Row And I ain't even swangin' them thangs I'm hollin' 187 with my gat in your mouth, fool (Fool...) [RBX] Yeah Long Beach and Compton together on this track And just when you thought we were slippin' BOO-YEAH! Right back at ya Now You wanna step up and get your cranium cracked Step on up And remember the name Mighty Mighty D-R. And we puttin' in work Yeah (Verse 3) [Snoop Dogg] Now understand this     My homey Dre can't be touched [Dr. Dre] Luke's bendin' over [Snoop Dogg] So Luke's gettin' stuffed, busta [Dr. Dre] Must, of thought I was sleazy     I though I was a mark, cause I used to hang with Eazy [Snoop Dogg] Animosity     Made you speak, but you spoke     Ay yo Dre [Dr. Dre] What up [Snoop Dogg] Break him off somethin', loc [Dr. Dre] If it ain't another hoe that I gots to get with     Gap teeth in your mouth, so my gat's, gots to fit [Snoop Dogg] With my sack on your tonsils     While you onstage, rappin' at your wack-ass concerts [Dr. Dre] And I'm a snatch your ass from the backside     To show you how Death Row pull off that whoo-ride [Snoop Dogg] Now you might not understand me [Dr. Dre] Cause I'm a rob you in Compton and blast you in Miami [Snoop Dogg] Then we gon creep to South, Central     On a Street Knowledge mission [Dr. Dre] As I steps in the temple     Spot him, got him, as I pulls out my strap     Got my chrome to the side of his White Sox hat [Snoop Dogg] You tryin' to check my homey, you best check yourself     Cause when you diss Dre, you diss yourself [Dr. Dre] Hell yeah So all you mark-ass busters need to raise up Really doe Death Row is runnin' the nine-trey And you know we can't be faded (faded...) [Jewell] {*ad-lib singing*} Long Beach Compton, yeah Death Row is in the house, yeah {*ad-lib singing*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Dr. Dre f/ Jimmy Z Album: First Round Knock Out Song: Funky Flute Typed by: fahhouda@yahoo.fr * * send corrections to the typist [Verse 1: Dr. Dre] Listen as he executes the funky flute He can play it at a noise so watch him blow it While I be speakin deep down in your eardrums How do you like it? So yo wont'cha just come Closer so you can see who's playin that funky sound That's goin down and ya sayin that Jimmy Z is the one you like to see On the F L U T E yeah [Bridge: Jimmy Z] You wanna blow it baby? (Yeah) You like to blow it don't cha? (Yeah) Can you take a deep breath? (Yeah) Heh, is that right? [Verse 2: Dr. Dre] The funky funky flute is just what Jimmy gave ya But witta hip-hop flavour On ya radio, stereo and your compact I'm only makin sure you remember that It's the man that they call Jimmy Z gettin ya hyper So just call him the Pied Piper So I know you wanna see Jimmy Z On the F-L-U-T-E, yeah All I want to do is Play my funky flute for you (Yeah blow, blow yeah) All I want to do is Play my funky flute for you (California.....musical madness) [Interlude: Jimmy Z] Come with me (Okay) Yeah, ah, follow me Funky, you wanna come with me? (Yeah) *girl screamin* Play that funky flute [Bridge: Jimmy Z] You wanna blow it or what? (Yeah) You like to blow it don't cha? (Yeah) Can you take a deep breath? (Yeah) Yeah, yeah, aha yeah *repeat verse 1* [Jimmy Z] Uh, I messed up [Dre] It's aight, man, go on and blow! [Outro] *car drivin past, blows horn* Watch it asshole!!! Damn, where is she? Shoulda been here by now! Damn! (Ai, Jimmy man, what's happenin?) Alright man, how ya doin? The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Dr. Dre f/ Snoop Doggy Dogg Album: Fuck Wit Dre Day 12" Song: 187 (Deep Cover Remix) Typed by: OHHLA.com [Dr. Dre] Niggers that I used to know and sell dope wit' Listen to how a motherfucker flow shit, And let me know what's up and they can blast on, Thinkin' about the homeys that passed on. Death Row come to show you all the game at, And show you how my label got the name that So many wanna see me, and time is money, But never in the P-E-N, yo. Welcome back to Viet Nam, California. Ain't a damn thing changed, so let me warn you. Every motherfuckin minute you on the West Side, The best side, 20 niggers that just died. Walkin' down the streets of L.A. Stay strapped cause niggas bust caps every day, yo The 1-8-7 don't stop, on undercover cops, So on this spot gettin' popped, shot, Droppin' like this and like that, Rat-tat-tat-tat with their caps peelin' back. So creep when you in the C-P-T. You catch heat from fuckin' with' the D-R-E. I got my eyes on the shit unfolding. And there ain't gonna be no trippin' Cause they know the type of shit that I be holding. If there's another word said, I'll let my forty-fo' go buck to the head, nigga. Yeah, and you don't stop,  cause it's 1-8-7 on a motherfuckin cop Yeah, and you don't stop,  cause it's 1-8-7 on a motherfuckin cop [Snoop Dogg] 3 and to the 2 and 2 and to the 1, Head away, sent away, get away Snoop's got a gun, And he's lookin' for the cops who set him up in '86 Now it's time to put they ass in the mix. Back on the streets with my khakis and my scars, Nuts full of cavi and I'm headed for the bar. Scared as a motherfucker, cause I'm fresh out, But I got to make my green, and plus they all fiend Follow me, they keep yellin' murder, but it won't stop, Until the last nigga that you know drop. Another nigga out, but I doubt that you really give a fuck what it's about. Now, 99 pigs on a block with me, Not a motherfuckin' cop wanna knock with me, A C-O-N-V-I-C-T, the motherfuckin' D-O-G, comin' from the L-B-C. Look at what the doc brought in, A chrome 38, a Fo'ty-fo' mag, and mack 10 So what you wanna do? (What you wanna do?) I got the gauge, a uzi and the mothafuckin 22 so if you wanna blast, nigga we can buck 'em If we stick 'em then we stuck 'em so fuck 'em!" Yeah, and you don't stop,  cause it's 1-8-7 on a motherfuckin cop Yeah, and you don't stop,  cause it's 1-8-7 on a motherfuckin cop Splat to a motherfucker face, he fall. Strong motherfucker cause he starts to crawl. I guess I gots to load the glock again. Hit 'im with the hollow points and watch him spin. Fuck it, I had to do this quick. Grabbed the glock 17, the clip went click. Tried to detect, but did not detect perfect So I creep on that ass, pops him and drops him. That ought to stop from beatin' up blacks, Dead in his tracks, from a full six pack. Relax, cause I'm about to take my respect. I aimed the twelve gauge straight for his neck. Boo-yaa! Boo-yaa! then I fade into the wind. 1-8-7 and it's on again. Well it's on, and it's on, and it's on, and it's on, Fo'-fo' Desert Eagle to your motherfuckin' dome And it's on, and it's on, and it's on, and it's on, Fo'-fo' Desert Eagle to your motherfuckin' dome. Fuck 'em, buck 'em, if they really wanna trip, Niggas keep your hands on your motherfuckin' shit. Yeah, and you don't stop,  cause it's 1-8-7 on a motherfuckin cop Yeah, and you don't stop,  cause it's 1-8-7 on a motherfuckin cop... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Dr. Dre f/ Tha Dogg Pound, Lady of Rage Album: Fuck Wit Dre Day 12" * Song: Puffin on Blunts and Drankin Tanqueray Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash * also appears on "Phat Blunts: Rap Unda Tha Influence" [Dr. Dre] Yea, yea, yeah, yo, yo let's do this shit Ha ha, I thought I thaw a puddy tat Youse a punk-ass nigga Yo, yea, yo, Death Row's in the motherfuckin houuse Wreckin shit you know what I'm sayin? This is Dr. Dre in the motherfuckin houuuse Yo, I got my homeboys in the houuse Tha Dogg Pound's definetly in heere, yeayeah I got my nigga Kurupt ready to wreck some shit, yo You know what else I got in the house? Yo, so diggi-Daz step up on that ass Yeah, guess what's in here? My home girl Rage, I said my home girl Rage Yeah, the lyrical motherfuckin murderer's in here Yo, my nigga Glove behind the boards Yo, dropping that funky-ass bassline, yeah You know, you know there's alot of punk-ass niggaz out there A lot of punk-ass bitches out there Yo, you wanna write names? Yo, that nigga Eazy-E, he's a punk-ass bitch, really though Yo, that nigga Tim M-U-T, he's a punk-ass beatch, beeatch! Ha ha, you know what I'm sayin? Oh, oh, oh Luke, I didn't forget about you, beatch! Really though, yo, Death Row's in the motherfuckin house Running the 9-3, you know, yeah! But right about now,  there's a little freestyle session going on, in the studio We just kickin back gettin fucked up and all You know, puffin on a few blunts, Drinkin a little bit of that Tanqueray, Tanqueray Yeah, Tanqueray's definetly in the house You knowhatI'msayin? Ha ha ha Cause I'm feelin it baby, I'm feelin it, really though So-a, right about now, aiyyo Rage Yo Rage, yo run that shit G [Lady of Rage] All ways and forever, forever and all ways The rhythm will flow from now and through all days As long as the sun shines As long as Eisenhower's on the dime Yo, I'll be kickin the rhyme One time for your mind, your soul, your body D-O-G's on the side of me, smooth as E & J, hard as Bacardi Smackin those yaddy-yacks and ducks keep quackin Hands that are clappin, end up cracklin under the heat, the pressure from the one that's deffer Egyptian ruler, call me Cleo or Neferttiti, yes indeedi Got the eyes that are beedie, body from Tahiti Voice of the wind lyrics, blow Chills up ya spine that's illslow All thoughts in ya mind drop in, yo You came in the front, but you'll be kicked through the back door for tryin to step, tryin to come incorrect tryin to play the left, tryin to start a mess tryin to cause fuss, tryin to raise a ruckus...Huh You'll end up ashes to ashes, dust to dust A busta, you musta been fuckin on drugs and alcohol back off, all a y'all, up against the wall Spread 'em, Doggs, go get 'em Hand-cuff 'em and stuff 'em, cold shed 'em, don't let 'em utter a word, not another one heard If you try you die, visions blurred, speech slurred Served with a cherry on top Rage in effect I just begun to rock Yeah, rock on witcha bad self (RAGE!) Rock on witcha bad self (RAGE!) Rock on witcha bad self (RAGE!) Rock on witcha bad self... [Dat Nigga Daz] (Kurupt) Yo..I'm Dat Nigga Daz who packs a tre-8 slug A true nigga from the hood, and the Pound gives love You see, niggaz wanna be down but never came around So back up off my nuts, and stop sweatin the Pound You see, niggaz get broke off like 1, 2, 3 cause I'm the D-A to the.. (D-A-to the..) D-A- to the Z Now G'z pay attention to this young ass mack daddy in a Caddy, had he not known about the city where the niggaz hang around So I roll 'em up, and hit 'em up with the motherfuckin Dogg Pound [Kurupt] (Dat Nigga Daz) I'm rough and rugged, and up to do dirt I'm from the Dogg Pound nigga so I'm puttin in work I'm no joke, who the fuck you tryin to provoke (1-8-7) It's cool how his ass got smoked I don't drink no fuckin V-S-O-P I drink a motherfuckin' O.G. Olde E I'm from the click that be kickin the gangsta shit bitch Real niggaz real G'z wit real big dicks I hit 'em up with the Pound, so what you wanna throw up Claimin you're cocaine or cavi when you blow up Know what? The Pound's in the motherfuckin house Back again we try to get high as we can Dr. Dre, be kickin fat rhymes and produce, and kick shit I gets more wicked than Beetlejuice Motherfuckers get battered, so scatter before I keep ya hostage, a nigga has to like the grim reaper So, I'm comin from my hood, what hood? You really like to know, wouldn't you, I thought you knew Motherfucker don't you know I'm stranded on the Row I take a look into the crowd kick a style a flow I'm mashin, motherfuckers get murdered for askin Relax kid, you're rollin wit a fuckin assassin I last did dirt the other day Betray, the role of a G, from the D-O double G P-O-U-N-D, Pound, so bow down motherfuckin marks The execution starts, when the Chronic gets sparked I'm like ??, rough and rugged, cause I'm like baldhead(??) Wrecks I flex murderous rhymes to leave you all dead What's said is what's said, it's already spoke The dead is the dead +I Ain't No+ fuckin +Joke+ I murder motherfuckers as a hobby One of my idols +Ain't No Joke+, so why in the fuck should I be? Fly me, to the Bahamas, ruff rhymer, drama's what you're kickin, wicked is how I'm-a approach ya, the locster, who's quick to up and smoke ya You're lookin like a smoka, grinnin like the joker I yolk ya from da back like a bitch talkin shit Cause a bitch ain't shit, but a ho and trick, on my dick Flip, lets take a trip to the Dogg Pound Fools tried to punk me when I was young, but I'm a hog now and I gets respect and I step wit a tec 9 Ready to put somethin up in that ass so you respect mine Fool, Death Row ain't +Lynchin+ and the Pound ain't +Mobbin+ We all don't give a fuck, run in your crib and start robbin Throbbin, I'll break a nigga down in the 90's Maxin at the Pound wit my doggs is where you'll find me Beatch.. [Dr. Dre] Heell yeaah You niggaz can't fade this shit, you know what I'm sayin? Death Row's in the motherfuckin houuuse The Dogg Pound's definetly in heeree, you knowhatI'msayin? And.. ay yo yo yo yo yo.. you niggaz can't fUCK with this! So don't even try it Stay in the studio all you want, stay in the studio all you want Cause you can't FUCK with this! Seee ya! {*laughter*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Dr. Dre Album: Friday soundtrack Song: Keep Their Headz Ringin Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Intro: Yeah, whattup, this is Dr. Dre The party's goin on Thank God it's Friday ["Buck buck buck buck booyaka shan!" - KRS One" repeat 4X] Chorus: Keep their headz ringin (ring ding dong \ ring-gading ding ding dong)    / repeat 2X Verse One: [Hey you, sittin over there]     Say what? [You better get up out of your chair]   That's right [And work your body down]      Yeahhh... [No time to funk around, cause we gon....] Funk, you, right on up So get up, get a move on, and get your groove on It's the D-R-E the spectacular In a party I go for your neck so call me Blackula As I drain a niggaz jugular vein and maintain to leave blood stains so don't complain Just chill, listen to the beats I spill Keepin it real, enables me to make another meal Still, niggaz run up and try to kill at will But get popped like a pimple, so call me Clearasil I wipe niggaz off the face of the Earth since birth I been a bad nigga, now let me tell you what I'm worth More than a Stealth bomber, I cause drama The enforcer, music floats like a flyin saucer Or a 747 jet, never forget I'm that nigga that keeps the hoes panties wet The mic gets smoked, once you hear the beat kick With grooves so funky, they come with a Speed Stick So check the flavor that I'm bringin The motherfuckin D-R-E, will keep they motherfuckin heads ringin Chorus Verse Two: One-two for the crew, three-fo' for the dough Five for the hoe (HOEEE!) six-seven-eight for Death Row Mad niggaz about to feel the full effect of intellect so I can collect respect, plus a check Now I fin' to, get into to, my mental will take care of this business I need to attend to, cuz my rent's due And this rap shit's my meal ticket So you god damn right I'm gonna kick it, or get evicted I bring terror like Stephen King A black Casanova, runnin niggaz over like Christine When I rock the spot with the flavor I got I get plenty of ass, so call me an ass-tronaut As I blast past another nigga's ass that thought he was strong but I smoke him like grass, just like Cheech and Chong When I flow, niggaz know, it's time to take a hike Cause I grab the mic and flip my tongue like a dyke I got rhymes to keep you enchanted Produce a smokescreen with the funky green to keep your eyes slanted So check the flavor that I'm bringin The motherfuckin D-R-E, will keep they motherfuckin heads ringin Chorus [Dr. Dre] Yeah, c'mon [singers] If you, want to, get on down [Dr. Dre] Uhh, yeah.. c'mon [singers] you gotta get on down [Dr. Dre] Hahaha.. it's like that [singers] just get on down Verse Three: Debonairre with flair, I scare wear and tear without a care, runnin shit as if I was a mayor But I ain't no politician, no competition Sendin all opposition to see a mortician I'm up front, never in the back drop Step on stage and get faded just like a flat top Your rhyme sounds like you bought em at Stop N Go Dre came to wax you so, just call me Mop N Glow Many tried to, but just can't rock with I'm 6-1, two-twenty-five, a pure chocolate Your chances of jackin me are slim G Cause I rock from summer til Santa comes down the chimney Ho ho ho, and so, as I continue to flow Cause yo, I'm just a fly negro So, check the flavor that I'm bringin The motherfuckin D-R-E, will keep they motherfuckin heads ringin Chorus [Dr. Dre] Yeah, uhh, c'mon [singers] If you, want to, get on down [Dr. Dre] Yeah, Death Row back up in that ass [singers] you gotta get on down [Dr. Dre] for the one-nine-nine to the nickel [singers] just get on down [Dr. Dre] so all you motherfuckers out there tryin to get with this [Dr. Dre] don't even try it [singers] If you, want to, get on down [Dr. Dre] You couldn't see us with binoculars.. can you dig it? [singers] you gotta get on down [Dr. Dre] Ha hah, yeah, uhh [singers] just get on down [Dr. Dre] I know you're bobbin your head, cause I can see you UHH, I know you're bobbin your head, cause I can see you You can't see me? Hahaha, yeah Death Row, let me know you in the house (BEOTCH!) Yeah, that's right, we out.. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Dr. Dre f/ Eminem, Skylar Grey Album: Detox Song: I Need a Doctor Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Intro/Chorus: Skylar Grey] I'm about to lose my mind You've been gone for so long, I'm runnin out of time I need a doctor, call me a doctor I need a doctor, doctor, to bring me back to liiiiiiife [Eminem] I told the world, one day I would pay it back Say it on tape and lay it, record it so that one day I could play it back But I don't even know if I believe it when I'm sayin that Doubt's startin to creep in, every day is just so gray and black Hope, I just need a ray of that Cause no one sees my vision when I play it for 'em, they just say it's wack But they don't know what dope is and I don't know if I was awake or asleep when I wrote this All I know is, you came to me when I was at my lowest! You picked me up, breathed new life in me, I owe my life to you But for the life of me I don't see why you don't see like I do But it just dawned on me you lost a son, demons fightin you It's dark, let me turn on the lights and brighten me and enlighten you I don't think you realize what you mean to me, not the slightest clue Cause me and you were like a crew, I was like your sidekick, you gon' either wanna fight when I get off this fuckin mic or you gon' hug me but I'm out of options, there's nothin else I can do Cause [Eminem] It hurts when I see you struggle, you come to me with ideas You say they're just pieces so I'm puzzled, cause the shit I hear is crazy but you're either gettin lazy or you don't believe in you no more Seems like your own opinion's not one you can form Can't make a decision, you keep questionin yourself Second guessin and it's almost like you're beggin for my help Like I'm your leader, you're supposed to fuckin be my mentor I can endure, no more; I demand you remember who you are! It was YOU, who believed in me, when EVERYONE was tellin you don't sign me, everyone at the fuckin label, let's tell the TRUTH! You risked your career for me, I know it as well as you Nobody wanted to fuck with the white boy, Dre I'm cryin in this booth! You saved my life, now maybe it's my turn to save yours But I could never repay you, what you did for me is way more But I ain't givin up faith, and you ain't givin up on me, GET UP DRE! I'm dyin, I need you! Come back for fuck's sake! Cause [Interlude: Skylar Grey] Bring me back to liiiiiiiiife {*2X*} I need a doctor, doctor, to bring me back to liiiiiiife [Dr. Dre] It literally feels like a lifetime ago But I still remember the shit like it was just yesterday though You walked in, yellow jumpsuit, whole room cracked jokes Once you got inside the booth, told you, like smoke Went through friends, some of 'em I put on, but they just left They said they was ridin to the death - but where the fuck are they now? Now that I need them, I don't see none of 'em, all I see is Slim Fuck all you fair-weather friends, all I need is HIM! Fuckin backstabbers, when the chips were down, you just laughed at us Now you 'bout to feel the fuckin wrath of Aftermath faggots You gon' see us in our lab jackets and ask where the fuck we been? You can kiss my indecisive ass crack maggots and the cracker's ass, little Cracker Jack Beat-makin wack ass backwards producers, I'm back bastards One more CD and then I'm packin up my bags And as I'm leavin I guarantee they'll scream "Dre, don't leave us like that man!" Cause The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Dr. Dre f/ Akon, Snoop Dogg, Sly Album: Kush 12" Song: Kush Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro: Akon] Hold up, wait a minute, let me put some kush up in it! {*4X*} [Dr. Dre] Yeah, yeah Now it's that puff puff pass shit, Cheech & Chong grass shit Blunts to the head, kush pillows, no matress Speedboat traffic, bitches automatic Cross that line fuck around and get yo' ass kicked We roll shit that burn slow as fuckin molasses Probably won't pass it, smoke it 'til the last hit Down to the ashes, Mary J a bad bitch Andre 3000 gon' drop another classic Go ahead ask them, bitches 'bout how I be smokin out I party all night! Oh yeah it's goin down Quarter rounds we smoke a quarter pound of that good stuff Oh yeah we smokin all night! Yeah puff puff Pass that shit right here nigga, better than my last batch Caramel concoction and a ass smack Inhale, exhale, inhale, exhale [Chorus: Akon] Whoa~! I know you tryin to get high Type of shit to have you leanin sideways Whoa~! Take a whiff of this suicide Holla at your cuz, I got it all day No need to fly to Jamaica for the ganja, we can get the same thing You want the bomb bomb diggy Holla at my niggy, he's right here in L.A. L.A., L.A., L.A., L.A.! [Sly] Hold up, wait a minute Let me put some big stuff in it Hold up, wait a minute Let me put some big stuff in it [Snoop Dogg] Hmm, still I am Tighter than the pants on will.i.am, back Throwback, still I had a pound in my backpack Next to where the Swishers at, smokin Presidential Got some bubba I'll give you that, need it for my cataracts Fo' hoes and I'm the pimp, in my Cadillac You can tell 'em Cali back, matter fact, they'll know This ain't 'dro, get a whiff of that No it ain't no seeds in my sack, you ain't never gotta ask Dogg what he smokin on, shit kush and my mind gone What'chu think I'm on? Eyes low, I'm blown High as a motherfucker, yeah ain't no question 'bout it Niggaz say smoke me out, yeah I really doubt it I'm Bob Marley reincarnated, so faded So if you want it, you know your nigga homey You can put it in a Zag or a Blunt and get blunted Inhale, exhale, inhale, exhale [Sly] Need that kush, we blow on the best smoke In house low no joke, make yo' ass choke Hold up, wait a minute, you and go and put it back Cause what you got your sack, boy it ain't that Need that kush, we blow on the best smoke In house low no joke, make yo' ass choke (Inhale, exhale, inhale, exhale) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Dr. Dre Album: Let Me Ride 12" Song: Let Me Ride (Clean Version) Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash, no1wammy@hotmail.com [Dr. Dre] Creepin' Down the back street on D's I got my glock cocked, then feelin' the breeze But no soon as I said it Seems I got sweated By somebody with a tech-nine, tryin' to take mine You wanna make noise, make noise I make a phone Call, my homies comin' like the Gotti boys Bodies bein' found on Greenleaf Lay 'em with their heads cut off Mother[{*fucker*}], I'm Dre So listen to the play-by-play Day-by-day Rollin' in my '4 with sixteen switches And got sounds for the bitches Clockin' all the riches Got the hollow points for the snitches So would you just walk on by Cause I'm too hard to lift And no, this ain't Aerosmith It's the one and only D-R-E From the CPT On a ryhmin' spree, a straight G Hop back as I pop my top, ya trip I let the hollow points commence to POP POP POP Yeah Cause if it don't stop I have to put my Ride in reverse, go back and take anothers stop Cause I'm [Snoop Dogg] Rollin' in my 6-4 [Dr. Dre] With all the homies, sayin' Chorus 1: [Singers] Swing down, sweet chariot, stop, and    Let, me ride [Dr. Dre] Hell yeah [Singers] Swing down, sweet chariot, stop, and    Let, me ride [Dr. Dre] With all the homies, sayin' [Singers] Swing down, sweet chariot, stop, and    Let, me ride [Dr. Dre] Hell yeah [Singers] Swing down, sweet chariot, stop, and    Let, me ride [Dr. Dre] It's just another Day for Dre, so I begin like this No medallions, dreadlocks, or black fists It's just that Gangster glare With gangster raps That gangster tracks Makes a gangs of snaps, uh word to my homies on the streets And word to these hyped ass lyrics and dope beats That I Hit ya with That I Get ya with As I groove in my four on D's Hittin' the switches Bitches relax, while I get my proper swerve on Bumpin' Doggystyle and I'm 'bout to get my serve on But before I hit the dope spot Gotta get the chronic The Reme Martin and my soda pop Now I'm smellin' like indo-nesia Bus stop full of fly honies and skeezers They wanna roll in my funky 6-4 Pancake, front and back, side to side, and all that So When I crawl, I comes correct Now, if your hoe in my ride, it's your hoe you check Fool Now let the Chevrolet slide As I dip a nigga, trip to the south side, yeah [Snoop Dogg] Rollin' in my 6-4 [Dr. Dre] With all the hookers sayin' Chorus 2: [Singers] Swing down, sweet chariot, stop, and    Let, me ride [Dr. Dre] Hell yeah [Singers] Swing down, sweet chariot, stop, and    Let, me ride [Dr. Dre] With all the hookers, sayin' [Singers] Swing down, sweet chariot, stop, and    Let, me ride [Dr. Dre] Know what I'm sayin' [Singers] Swing down, sweet chariot, stop, and    Let, me ride [Dr. Dre] Check this out The sun went down when I hit Slausson On my way to the strip Now I'm just flossin' Checkin' my rearview Cause brothers, they will do Jack moves Black fools, cause I smack fools Try to set me up for a 211 Get with Dre and get caught up in a 187 But I don't represent no gangbang Some brothers like trippin' But I just watch them hang So on and so on Why don't you let me roll on I remember Back in the days, when I used to have to get my stroll on Did nobody wanna speak Now everybody Peeping out they window when they hear me beatin' up the street Is it Dre? Is it Dre? That's what they say Every single day in L.A. Yo But I ain't trippin', I'm just kickin' it While my D's keep spinnin' and these hoes keep grinnin' I'll be [Snoop Dogg] Rollin' in my 6-4 [Dr. Dre] With everybody sayin' Chorus 3: (Parliament sample in background) [Singers] Swing down, sweet chariot, stop, and ("Swing down")    Let, me ride ("I'm a ride") [Dr. Dre] Hell yeah [Singers] Swing down, sweet chariot, stop, and ("Swing down")    Let, me ride ("I'm a ride") [Dr. Dre] With everybody, sayin' [Singers] Swing down, sweet chariot, stop, and ("Swing down")    Let, me ride ("I'm a ride") [Dr. Dre] Hell yeah [Singers] Swing down, sweet chariot, stop, and ("Swing down")    Let, me ride ("I'm a ride") Outro: Singers (Parliament sample in background) Swing down, sweet chariot, stop, and ("Swing down") Let, me ride ("I'm a ride") Swing down, sweet chariot, stop, and ("Swing down") Let, me ride ("I'm a ride") Repeat Outro Artist: Dr. Dre and Ice Cube Album: Murder Was the Case Song: Natural Born Killaz [Dr. Dre] Journey with me into the mind of a maniac doomed to be a killer since i came out the nutsac im in a murderous mindsate with a heart full of terror i see the devil in the mirror BUCK BUCK, Lights out cause when i get my sawed off niggaz get hauled off *Barrel one touches your motherfuckin flesh *Barrel two shoots your fuckin heart out your chest you see Im quick to let the hammer go click on my Tec-9 so if you try to reck mine fool its your bad time feel the blast of the chocolate bomber Infra red aimed at your head like your name was Sarah Conner decapitatin I aint hesitatin to put you in the funderal home with a bullet in your dome Im hot like lava you got a problem? I got a problem solver and his name is revolver its like a deadly game of freeze tag I touch you with a 44 mag and your frozen inside a boddy bag nobody iller than this grave yard filler cap peeler cause im a natural born killa [Ice Cube] Terror illistrates my era now i cant hang around my momma cause i scare her Im quick to blast motherfucker (yeah whats up) it feels like im bustin a nut when i open you up cause your body is exposed to the midnight mist all you weak motherfuckers give my ring a kiss cause im givin dirt naps comin with them bomb ass raps to make your lungs collapse perhaps, you never sleep cause evertime you doze you catch blows to the motherfuckin nose aint seen the sun, in 66 days let me count the ways ^in a fucked up maze^ I never ever ever made a ho stay but Im down with Dre like AC is down with OJ so fuck how your livin Im the unforgivin psycho drivin murdera its authentic dont panic i cant stand it God Damn it Scizophrenic so FUCK CHARLIE MANSON Ill snatch him out of his truck hit em with a brick and I'm dancin [RBX] Mass Murderer, Natural Born Killla, And I dont wanna die I DONT WANNA DIE I DONT WANNA I DONT WANNAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA DIE! [Ice Cube] I dont understand the logic in my dreams but i understand i like the sound of Sireens terrified screams from the streams of Strycnine dumpin on any motherfucker tryin to trick mine cause motherfuckers wanna violate now they stiff and cold and they pupils wont dialate ITS SO MUCH PAIN MIGRAINE headache I can hear his bones break he steps in the single door gets his ass whipped with 20 lashes like that dude up in Singapore so Im a pull a fuckin Jeffrey Dahmer now Im suicidal, just like Nirvana [Dr. Dre] Tic Toc Toc Tic Toc Tic Dr Dre and Ice Cube on some murderous shit keepin niggaz in order makin there live shorter ready to slaughter cause to me a life aint worth a quarter or a dime mushroom's got my mind hallicinatin aint no debatin im creatin an escape route to be out without a doubt Scot Free, so dont even think about tryin to stop me cause i cant wait im out the gate on the for realla a thrilla or a natural born killa [Ice Cube] GI-GI GI-GI GAGA THEY CALL ME DADA 6 million ways to murder choose one lose one soul bodies turn cold natural fright from niggaz goin bump in the night... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Sam Sneed f/ Dr. Dre Album: Murder Was The Case soundtrack Song: U Better Recognize Sam (Dre): (I heard Sam was going solo) God damn, you didn't know so, well I can blast fast so freak an ill type of slow flow. I'm hitting harder than Berry Boss so check the golden child, throwing it to your ear-hole, got you going buck wild. But truck-tracks, rhymes all day, breaking off niggaz proper, did dirt, did West cause I clown coppers (yeah). Do hip-hop, rap, compose 'em most, I couldn't see me, mad advanced and my skills are all about the dollar bills. From Pittsburgh to Cali dropping bombs like that, was on the D.L. with the squad so I couldn't hold it back. Black, I regulate I buzz a big gate figure, mobbing with the ill nigga, with his finger on a bigger trigger. Serving all (saps), hitting sevens on the (simps), making do', eating shrimps, locing with some real pimps (yeah). So peep game, best believe I love my peeps that's why I make the type of music you can pump in your jeeps (that's right). So buck my sound, I put it down for the underground, I got the women cause I'm slamming, jamming. Got it going on this time for this new producer to rise, so open your eyes, I think you better recognize. Dre: (Sam) Once again it's the man with the masterplan, they call him Sam and I (think you better recognize) (2x) Sam: (Dre) I remember days on the blocks where I slang slung played punk cops and mad props cause I ran with hard rocks (yeah). From napalms to Uzi's I made G's (say what?), them build up enough Luther by keys. No gang affiliation, yo I stood on my own to pulling capers I'm a sneaky slick nigga, I never had to pull the trigger (right). I mack, and on top and that I'm used to staying wicked with just 24-7, you can ask my ex-hooker. But now I'm on some new improved shit, making hits, stacking chips, now everything's legitimate. I flipped the scrip a long time ago, on the five-o, when I had to scope with this new way to make my cash flow (uhm). Yes indeedy, I wasn't greedy, got my niggaz out the gutter, now they're rolling with the Sam Sneezy. Hip hop fanatic causing static in the industry, these whack creators, I call 'em imitators (ah yeah). Been trying to see me, but see I'm unexplainetory, with the fame and glory, that's why I gotta tell my story. With no disguise, a lot of niggaz despise, because I'm on an uprise, so I think you better recognize. Dre: (Sam) Once again it's the man with the masterplan, they call him Sam and I (think you better recognize) (2x) (Think you better recognize) (2x) Sam: (Dre) Well I'm back in the mix with a bottle of hennessy, so fire up a blunt let's have an end of the sanity. Crazy shot outs giving pounds to all my niggaz, hitting all the hookers by the dozen, cause they dig us (trick). Fuck what you've heard, recognize what you be seeing, it's time to earn truth to the game human being. I'm that little bass nigga trying to get mine, fuck a nine, cause I'll incline with the mastermind. I got my crew in my corner so I can't loose, cause I'm paying mad douze in this record biz, I don't snooze. And suckers be popping at those idiotic egosytible type of flimflam, I can't be faded Sam-am. Playing with the hustlers never dealing with the knucklehead bollers, cause boys play with toys and scholars play with dollars. I'm a mack of my own right, plus my game is tight, baby get it right, I ain't the one, so take flight. Bitches give my mad rep, nothing but the brazen off tempo, thinking they can get my loot, I never trip to knock the boots. I gotta be wise, when time to dip between the thies, all eyes on the price, so I think you better recognize. Dre: (Sam) Once again it's the man with the masterplan, they call him Sam and I (think you better recognize) (2x) Once again it's the man with the masterplan, they call him Sam and I (think you better recognize) (2x) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: N.W.A (Dr. Dre, Ice Cube, MC Ren, Snoop Dogg) Album: Next Friday OST Song: Chin Check Typed by: stupid350@hotmail.com [911 dispatch] 911, forty reporting [woman] hello 911, help me, help me [911 dispatch] what is your emergency [woman] there's someone in my house, there's someone in my house [911 dispatch] can you please run by your address for me [woman] 151 Shenedoah, Shenendoah [911 dispatch] ma'am where inside the house are you [woman] (oh my god) [911 dispatch] ma'am where inside the house are you [woman] in my room, their in my room [911 dispatch] ma'am calm down, deputies are on the way is the door locked [woman] (shriek) [911 dispatch] ma'am? [2x] N N, dup dup, dup double u, a a, a a [Ice Cube] (N N, dup dup, dup double u, a a, a a) What the fuck's up Dre [Dr Dre] You tell me, you talk to Ren [MC Ren] Im right here nigga (N N, dup dup, dup double u, a a, a a) Release the hound [Snoop Dogg] Bow wow wow Wha wha wha what what what, what [Ice Cube] I'm a Nigga Wit an Attitude thanks to y'all And I don't give a fuck I keep it gangsta y'all I'ma ride for my side in the C.P.T. God bless the memory of Eazy-E If it wadn't for me where the fuck you'd be? Rappin like the Treacherous Three, fuckin cowards I'd have seen Dre rockin parties for hours And I'd have seen Ren fuckin bitches from Howard And I'd have seen Snoop give away Eddie Bauer's So fuck Jerry Heller and the white superpowers [MC Ren] This the shit niggaz kill for They hear the villain niggaz spittin' with them nigga flows Fuck you hoes, fuck you bitch ass niggaz too Got something for you broke These niggaz wearin' skirts like the pope Who them niggaz that you love to get (us) Who them niggaz that you fuckin' wit' (us) Love the girl that weed and shit (what) The saga continues, with the worlds most dangerous group Four deep in the coup (Im a spill it) I'ma smoke where I wanna smoke (fuck that) I'ma choke who I wanna choke (fuck that) I'ma ride where I wanna ride (fuck that) cause I'ma nigga 4 life, so I'ma nigga til I diz-ie 	(N N, dup dup, dup double u, a a, a a)  I'ma smoke where I wanna smoke (fuck that) I'ma choke who I wanna choke (fuck that) 	(N N, dup dup, dup double u, a a, a a) I'ma ride where I wanna ride (fuck that) cause I'ma nigga 4 life, so I'ma motherfuckin nigga til I diz-ie [Dr Dre] A pencil, a pen, or a glock Im the original, subliminal, subterranium Titianium, criminal minded, swift D-R-E with that fuck a bitch shit (fuck a biatch) A couple o' notes and get you hog-tied in rope Dope like tons of coke, cutthroat You don't want the pistols to whistle Candy paint impala I make hoes pop collars [Snoop Dogg] God damn hoes, here we go again Fuckin with Ren, playin' to win (he got the) coke in hand, (I got the) juice and gin Same shit you was fuckin wit way back then We keep it crackin' from the actin to the jackin G'ed up C'ed up motherfucker blaze the weed up We all on deck fool so put your heat up I stay on deck so me don't get wet [Ice Cube] Look my nigga, we can scatter like buckshots Let's get together, make a record, why the fuck not? [MC Ren]	Why the fuck not? [Dr Dre]	Why the fuck not? [Snoop Dogg]	Why the fuck not? [Ice Cube]	Cause I'm tight as the night I had to wipe activator off the mic, in 1985 [Snoop Dogg] (N N, dup dup, dup double u, a a, a a) Real niggaz, biatch, you know, ha hah [Ice Cube] We cause tragedy, erratically Systematically, in your house without a key How fucked up that'd be Gat'll be near your anatomy, my form of flattery [Dr Dre] Assault and battery, cus we coming with that street mentality Straight west coast rider academy Concrete nigga, that's my reality [Snoop Dogg]	We tend to bus' on niggaz that get mad at me [Dr Dre]	Was it a bitch in the mix [Snoop Dogg]	Well it had to be [Dr Dre] Lying tricks told them dicks I had a key Hoes make the world harder than it have to be (Yea thats right) I'ma smoke where I wanna smoke (fuck that) I'ma choke who I wanna choke (fuck that) I'ma ride where I wanna ride (fuck that) cause I'ma nigga 4 life, so I'ma nigga til I diz-ie I'ma smoke where I wanna smoke (fuck that) I'ma choke who I wanna choke (fuck that) I'ma ride where I wanna ride (fuck that) cause I'ma nigga 4 life, so I'ma motherfuckin nigga til I diz-ie [6x] N N, dup dup, dup double u, a a, a a The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Dr. Dre f/ Snoop Doggy Dogg Album: Nuthin' But A "G" Thang 12" Song: Nuthin' But A "G" Thang (Clean Version) Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash, no1wammy@hotmail.com (Verse 1) (Dr. Dre in background) [Snoop Dogg] One     Two     Three and to the four     Snoop Doggy Dogg and Dr. Dre is at the door     Ready to make an entrance, so back on up [Dr. Dre] Before I have to pull the strap out the cut [Snoop Dogg] Gimme the microphone first, so I can bust like a bubble     Compton and Long Beach together, now you know you in trouble     Cause it ain't nothin' but a G thang, baby     Two loc'ed out G's, so we're crazy     Death Row is the label that pays me     Unfadeable, so please don't try to fade this, but, uh (Hell yeah!)     Back to the lecture at hand     Perfection is perfected, so I'm a let em understand     From a young G's perspective     And before me, dig out a trick, I have to find a contraceptive     You never know she could be earnin' her man     Learnin' her man [Both]  And at the same time, burnin' her man [Snoop Dogg] Now what you burnin', I'm a chill for a minute     Cause ain't no lovin' good enough to get burnt while I'm in it [Dr. Dre] Yeah [Snoop Dogg] And that's realer than Real-Deal Holyfield     And now you hookers and hoes know how I feel     Well, if it's good enough to get broke off a proper chunk     I'll take a small piece of some of that funky stuff Break 1: [Both]  It's like this and like that and like this and uh     It's like that and like this and like that and uh     It's like this and like that and like this and uh [Snoop Dogg] Dre, creep to the mic like a phantom [Verse 2: Dr. Dre] Well, I'm peeping, and I'm creeping, and I'm creepin' But I damn near got caught Cause my beeper kept beeping Now it's time for me to make my impression felt So sit back, relax, and strap on your seatbelt You never been on a ride like this before with a producer who can rap and control the maestro At the same time with the dope rhyme that I kick You know, and I know I flow some ol' funky ssshhh (Yeah) To add to my collection The selection Symbolizes dope Take a toke But don't choke If you do You'll have no clue On what Me and my homey Snoop Dogg came to do Break 2: [Both]  It's like this and like that and like this and uh     It's like that and like this and like that and uh     It's like this [Dr. Dre] Then we ain't got no love for those [Snoop Dogg] So just chill     Til the next episode {*Dr. Dre scratching funk beats*} [Verse 3: Snoop Doggy Dogg] Fallin' back on that ass With a hellafied gangsta lean Gettin' funky on the mic like a old batch of collard greens It's the capital S, oh yes, I'm fresh, N-Double O-P D-O-Double G-Y, D-O-Double G, ya see Showin' much flex when it's time to wreck a mic Pimpin' hoes and clockin' a grip like my name was Dolomite Yeah And it don't quit I think they in the mood for another one of those G hits [Snoop Dogg] So Dre [Dr. Dre] What up, Dogg? [Snoop Dogg] We gotta give 'em what they want [Dr. Dre] What's that, G? [Snoop Dogg] We gotta break 'em off somethin' [Dr. Dre] Hell yeah [Snoop Dogg] And it's gotta be     Bumpin', city of Compton [Verse 4: Dr. Dre (Snoop Doggy Dogg)] It's where it takes place, so when asked, yo' attention Mobbin' with Tha Dogg Pound (Bow wow wow) Droppin' the funky tracks that's makin' the suckers just mumble When I'm on the mic, it's like a cookie, they all crumble Try to get close, and your bound to get smacked My little homey Snoop Doggy Dogg has got my back Never let me slip, cause if I slip, then I'm slippin' But if I got my nina, then you know I'm straight trippin' And I'm a continue to Put the rap down, put the mack down And if you women talk trip I'll have to put the smack down Yeah And ya don't stop I told you I'm just like a clock, when I tick and I tock But I'm never off, always on, to the break of dawn C-O-M-P-T-O-N, and the city they call Long Beach Puttin' it straight together Like my homey D.O.C. "No One Can Do It Better" [Both]  Like this, that and this and uh     It's like that and like this and like that and uh     It's like this [Dr. Dre] Then we ain't got no love for those [Snoop Dogg] So just chill     Til the next episode {*Dr. Dre scratching funk beats til fade*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Dr. Dre f/ Daz, Snoop Dogg Album: Nuthin' But a 'G' Thang 12" Song: Nuthin' But a 'G' Thang (Freestyle Remix) Typed by: scott_rodkey@hotmail.com [Snoop] Now I be mobbing like a motherfucker every single day Making funky shit with my nigga Dr. Dre The niggas who talk shit get put on they back By my nigga named Suge and it's black for black Now check facts for a second, I'm checking my record so It's Snoopy goes for broke, so what's up, Loc? You want to provoke, try to step, break your neck real quick Real fast blast I'll outlast and shoot ya, take your cash As I dash with the homies from the dub Now as we fly through the sky getting love We high, real high, high high, I'm higher than you So whatchu wanna do, whatcu wanna do? Ha ha, yeah, and you don't stop And you don't stop This ain't nothing but a motherfucking freestyle worth your while (This is for the Dogg Pound, this Daz, the nigga of all niggas!) [Snoop] Check it out Bow wow wow yippy yo yippy yay Dogg Pound's in the motherfuckin house C'mon, bow wow wow yippy yo yippy yay The Dogg Pound's in the motherfuckin house Ayo stepping to the front, still stealing the show It's the youngest motherfucker on the hood Death Row He's called Daz, stepping on your ass Making big cash, time to move real fast, blast Check it out, next in line Is the diggy diggy D.O.C. dropping funky classical rhymes That shit that just don't hit Snoop Dogg and Dre, dropping funky manuscripts My lip hits the microphone Breaks you, shakes you, takes you, awakes you Kurupt the Kingpin, killing or straight chillin' Step in the house and start revealing your skills Chill, do you need the microphone? Do you need some help to drop some shit like stone? Al Capone was a hero of mine Shot plenty niggas who ??? so fuck one-time I'm, the irrelevant, intelligent Brother from the hood that they call Long Beach Eastside where the brothers ride, slide Slippidy slide, the Eastside's got pride Here we go, stole the show as I flow I gots to give the microphone to my homie on the Row His name's Kurupt, he fucks it up On Crenshaw and Slausson so commence the flossing [Kurupt] When I step I come straight from the under Lyrical rhymes will flex, but yo, here's my cover Kingping, murderer, ecetera, I flex when I blow I let 'em know that I'm quick to snap necks, check me out One two, don't diss respect (Boom) The way I flow I go and show you'll get chin checked And if you ever feel you got the wrath what can you say? Spray the AK, produced by Dr. Dre My niggy niggy nigga by the name of D.O.C. My homie Snoop Dogg and Daz is next to me The D-A to the Z, the D-R to the E And when we like to flex down with the S-H-U-G I break 'em off when I flow I go and now they know the Row Will kill with skills, I'm real for real And caps I peel with my steel So nigga, you figure that you're bigger, and past I'll whip your ass, just a classical rhyme from Daz Yo, I bust through the hood, I bust through the farm My nigga D-O-G, um, Doggy Dogg, but if they play but if they wanted to say "Pow Pow!" goes another Hit from my um nigga Dr. Dre The Chronic, which they get up on it As the niggas be saying that it's ahhhhhh, bionic But I'm trying to go as I play and then I say Never underestimate the nigga Dr. Dre... (fades out) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Dr. Dre & MC Ren Album: N.W.A 10th Anniversary Tribute (Straight Outta Compton) Song: Compton's N the House (Live) Typed by: dy_face@hotmail.com (*Sample of L.A. Police Sirens*) [Intro] Straight off the streets of Compton, dedicated and by most suckers hated Would you put your hands together for.. Eazy-E and N.W.A.? (*Echoes*) (*Explosions*) [MC Ren] When we're on the stage, we're in a mothafuckin' rage, so Dre [Dr. Dre] What up? [MC Ren] Why don't you get the 12 guage?  [Dr. Dre] Aww, yeah [MC Ren] And show them how Eazy-Duz-It So if you punks wanna lay somethin' of it Step up, run up, get up, what's up sucker? You want some of this? Then you're a stupid mothafucker Kickin, like the kick from a kickdrum Yella boy on the drum gettin' dumb Programmin, a beat that's hittin' "that's what?" And if you listen then you'll know we're not bullshittin' Dope, like a pound or a Key, yeah So shut the fuck up and listen to me I make the killin' I got fatter shit to the ceilin, why's that? Cause I'm the mothafuckin' Ruthless Villain MC Ren, stompin' any fool in my way With some help from my homeboy Dre [Dr. Dre] Well, check this out Now my name is Dre, uha, the mothafuckin' doctor Yo, rippin' shit up, awww yeah, and here to rock you With some help from my homeboy E The criminal of the Ruthless Posse Cold funkin' it up "word up" is what we do The reputation of the N.W.A. crew Gettin' busy because we're cold stompin' And we're born and raised And we're born and raised And we're born and raised in Compton Now, all the ladies, all the ladies All the ladies if you're good to go Come on, say Aaooowww     "Aaooowww" [Break] [Dr. Dre] Ayyio Ren, won't tell them what the fuck you are, home boy [MC Ren] Ruthless Villain superstar [Dr. Dre] Yo, I don't think they heard you, won't tell them what you are [MC Ren] I'm a Ruthless gangster, definition Villain Leave your shit unlocked and he's stealin' So call the police cause that's all you could do "but what?" He'll get away without leavin' a clue "yeah" Keepin' shit in control like the neighboorhood chief  But, referred to as a walkin' thief They say he's a bad influence for the kids, home boy [Dr. Dre] Why the fuck they're blamin' him? [MC Ren] Cause he's the one that they jock [Dr. Dre] Cause he's... (*Explosion*) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: N.W.A. f/ Laylaw (Above the Law) Album: N.W.A. Greatest Hits Song: Arrested Typed by: dy_face@hotmail.com (*Cell Block Opened*) [Intro: DJ Yella as a Security Guard] OKEY NIGGAZ, YOU GOT ONE CALL!! [Eazy-E] Ain't that a bitch? - you fat motherfucker Let me call my home boy to get us out 7-3-2-9-6-3 Goddamn, nigga at home (*Landline phone beep*) (*Phone picked up*)  [Laylaw] Hello! [Eazy-E] Aiy, what's up, man? [Laylaw] What's up, homie? [Eazy-E] Aww man, these motherfuckers got us down in this goddman jail, man [Laylaw] NO SHIT!! [Eazy-E]  Hell yeah, we were like, rolling and shit, man We was looking for some bitches So they pulled up on like four fine whores, man And you know, I didn't know the motherfucking bitches were prostitutes, man And they just caught me, ain't that a bitch? [Laylaw] Nigga, where was y'all at? [Eazy-E]  We was in Hollywood, we're in Hollywood, man Looking out for some bitches, bitches was bad than a motherfucker Man, I'm telling my woman, man Cause I wanna know what the fuck is going on, you know, I'm fucked up, man  For me, I ain't supposed to be riding with my bitches You know, pussies that I had.. [Laylaw] Yeah word, whose you with, man? [Eazy-E] I'm here with Yella, Ren, Dre, you know, man.. [Laylaw] Aww man, all them niggaz with you? [Eazy-E] Yeah.. nig.. [Laylaw] Aww man, no thing? [Eazy-E] Niggaz are trying to get that thing, man, you know what I'm saying? [Laylaw] Yeah [Eazy-E]  And fuck it, I'ma just let you talk to Ren, man He can tell you a little better than I can and shit  [Laylaw] Alright [Eazy-E] Hold on!! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: N.W.A. f/ DJ Train Album: N.W.A. Greatest Hits Song: Compton's N the House (Live Mix) Typed by: dy_face@hotmail.com * Originally Performed on N.W.A's concert at Anahiem, California 1988 [Opening Skit: MC Ren Speaking through 3" Glass and the 2 ways Phone] [MC Ren] Yo, what's up nigga? [Train] What's up G? [MC Ren] Yo man, I'm in this motherfuckin' kick it, tired of all this shit, man I was lookin' for some bitches, nigga has gone to jail, you know what I'm sayin? [Train] Yeah man, just tell me what's up? [MC Ren] Cause nigga I ain't.. I ain't with no bitch, no ride You know what I'm sayin? Niggaz said come on Ren, uhh, just let's go try to get some whores  And this kind of shit, I'm like; Alight, let's go Probably, tried to talk to these bitches These motherfucking Police bitches, you know what I'm sayin? [Train] Y'all shouldn't have been fuckin' up down there, no way man [MC Ren] I gotta get.. I told the motherfuckers not even to go around that way Not down that street, you know what I'm sayin? I told niggaz to go down here, down here in Corson and Compton These niggaz wanna go way up in Hollywood (*Beats started*) [MC Ren] When we're on the stage, we're in a motherfuckin' rage, so Dre [Dr. Dre] What up? [MC Ren] Why don't you get the 12 guage?  [Dr. Dre] Aww, yeah [MC Ren] And show them how Eazy-Duz-It So if you punks wanna lay somethin' of it Step up, run up, get up, what's up sucker? You want some of this? Then you're a stupid motherfucker Kickin, like the kick from a kickdrum Yella boy on the drum gettin' dumb Programmin, a beat that's hittin' "that's what?" And if you listen then you'll know we're not bullshittin' Dope, like a pound or a Key, yeah So shut the fuck up and listen to me I make the killin' I got fatter shit to the ceilin, why's that? Cause I'm the mothafuckin' Ruthless Villain MC Ren, stompin' any fool in my way With some help from my homeboy Dre [Dr. Dre] Well, check this out Now my name is Dre, uha, the mothafuckin' doctor Yo, rippin' shit up, awww yeah, and here to rock you With some help from my homeboy E The criminal of the Ruthless Posse Cold funkin' it up "word up" is what we do The reputation of the N.W.A. crew Gettin' busy, because we're cold stompin' And we're born and raised And we're born and raised And we're born and raised in Compton Now, all the ladies, all the ladies All the ladies if you're good to go Come on, say Aaooowww     "Aaooowww" [Break] [Dr. Dre] Ayyio Ren, won't tell them what the fuck you are, home boy [MC Ren] Ruthless Villain superstar [Dr. Dre] Yo, I don't think they heard you, won't tell them what you are [MC Ren] I'm a Ruthless gangster, definition Villain Leave your shit unlocked and he's stealin' So call the police cause that's all you could do "but what?" He'll get away without leavin' a clue "yeah" Keepin' shit in control like the neighboorhood chief  But, referred to as a walkin' thief They say he's a bad influence for the kids, home boy [Dr. Dre] Why the fuck they're blamin' him? [MC Ren] Cause he's the one that they jock [Dr. Dre] Cause he's the... (*explosion*) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: N.W.A. Album: N.W.A. Greatest Hits Song: Express Yourself (Remix) Typed by: dy_face@hotmail.com [Dr. Dre] Yo man there's a lot of brothers out there  flakin and perpetratin but scared to kick reality [Ice Cube] Man, you been doin' all this dope producing You ain't had a chance to show them what time it is [Dr. Dre] So what you want me to do? [DJ Yella] All you got to do now.. is Express yourself!.. [Dr. Dre] I'm expressin' with my full capabilities And now I'm livin' in correctional facilities Cause some don't agree with how I do this I get straight and meditate like a Buddhist I'm droppin' flavor, my behaviour is hereditary But my technique is very necessary Blame it on Ice Cube; because he said it gets funky When you got a subject and a predicate Add it on a dope beat; and it'll make you think Some suckers just tickle me pink - to my stomach Cause they don't flow like this one You know what? - I won't hesitate to diss one Or two before I'm through, so don't try to sing this Some drop science; while I'm droppin' english Even if Yella, makes it acapella I still express, yo, I don't smoke weed or sess Cause it's known to give a brother brain damage And brain damage on the mic don't manage  Nothin, but makin' a sucker and you equal Don't be another sequel [Chorus: DJ Yella] Express yourself!.. do it good.. Express yourself!.. go on and do it.. [Ice Cube] Ice Cube, it's not for the pop shart So where should the brother like you start expressin' yourself? My boy will show you how, yo Dre [Dr. Dre] What up? [Ice Cube] Drop english, what about now? [Dr. Dre] Now, gettin back to the PG That's program, and it's easy Dre is back, new jacks are made hollow Expressin ain't their subject because they like to follow The words, the style, the trend; the records I spin Again and again and again - yo, you're on the other end Watch a brother blend dope rhymes, with no help There's no fessin or guessin while I'm expressin myself It's crazy to see people be What society wants them to be, but not me RUTHLESS, is the way to go, they know Others say rhymes was failed to be original Or they kill where the Hip-Hop starts Forget about the ghetto, and rap for the pop charts Cause some musicians cuss at home But scared to use profanity when upon the microphone Yeah, they want reality, but you will hear none They'd rather exaggerate a little fiction Some say NO to drugs, and take a stand But after the show, they go lookin' for the "Dopeman ---> Eazy-E" Or they ban my group from the Radio Hear N.W.A. and say, "Hell no!" But you know it ain't all about wealth As long as you make a note to..  [Chorus: DJ Yella] Express yourself!.. do it good.. Express yourself!.. go on and do it.. [MC Ren] A lyricist, yo, Dre is the name for it To make some dope on the record, that's what he came for Kickin' reality, yo, but standing itself  But it's affording that you keep it mind to.. [Dr. Dre] Express yourself! .. from the heart Cause if you wanna start to move up the chart Then expression is a big part of it You ain't efficient when you flow, you ain't swift Movin like a tortoise, full of rigor mortis There's a little bit more to show I got rhymes in my mind, embedded like an embryo Or a lesson - all of them expression And if you start fessin, I got a Smith and Wessun for ya I might ignore your record because it has no bottom I get loose in the summer, winter, spring and autumn It's Dre on the mic, gettin physical Doin' the job, N.W.A is the lynch mob! Yes I'ma climb, but you know you need this And the knowledge is growin just like a fetus Or a tumor, but here is the rumor Dre is in the neighborhood and he's up to no good When I start expressin' myself, Yella, slam it Cause if I stay funky like this; I'm doin' damage Or I'ma be too hyped, and need a straight jacket I got knowledge, and other suckers lack it So, when you see Dre, a DJ on the mic Ask what it's like - it's like we're gettin' hyped tonight Cause if I strike, it ain't for your good health But I won't strike if you just..  [Chorus: DJ Yella] Express yourself!.. do it good.. Express yourself!.. go on and do it.. Express yourself!.. Express yourself!.. Express yourself!.. Express yourself!.. Express yourself!.. Express yourself!.. go on and do it.. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: N.W.A.  Album: N.W.A. Greatest Hits Song: Fuck Tha Police (Insert) Typed by: dy_face@hotmail.com (*Music From "Gangsta Gangsta" fades out*) It's not about a salary, it's all about reality ------> KRS One That's what they're yelling ------> MC Ren He'll just call you a low-life motherfucker, and talk about your funky ways ------> Michel'le [Eazy-E giving up testimony to the judge] ..but anyway, fuck all the shit you know (*E cleared his throat*) you know cause uhh..  Most people in Compton don't give a fuck Young niggaz, gangbangers.. Same fucking thing with the police All we do is rap about it, you know.. You know, you know.. uhh.. you know.. Cause police like fucking with people You know.. niggaz stop you..  Throw you on the ground and shit You know.. put a gun to your head and shit You know what I'm saying? You know.. just fuck with you for no reason Anyway.. I will fuck the police The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: N.W.A. f/ Laylaw (Above the Law) Album: N.W.A. Greatest Hits Song: Live Intro (1989) Typed by: dy_face@hotmail.com * Originally Part of N.W.A's concert at Arsenal Hall, California 1989 [Intro: MC Ren] Aiyyo, this is what we want you to do right now We want y'all to listen up, as we're goin' on somethin' of our Greatest Hits From Straight Outta Compton, 100 Miles and Running And our new shit, the greatest shit, Niggaz 4 Life.. Just check this shit out.. (*Plane on final approach over Los Angles Airport*) (*Plane Landing sound and the L.A. Police Sirens Samples started*) (*Sample of Press Printing Machines*) GIVE ME MY PASSPORT!! GIVE ME BACK MY PASSPORT!! [Eazy-E] Awww shit, man Black bitches, black gangsters are at it again [Dr. Dre] You are now about to witness, the strength of street knowledge.. [Laylaw as a Narrator] Straight off the streets of Compton, dedicated and by most suckers hated Would you put your hands together for.. Eazy-E and N.W.A.? (*Echoes*) (*Explosion*) [DJ Yella] N.W.A's Straight Outta Compton Video banned by M.T.V. N.W.A's music banned by most black Radio Stations N.W.A. is criticized and for what? - Tellin' it like it is..  [Dr. Dre] Yo, we ain't sellin' out Fuck cross it over to them, let them cross it over to us [Ice Cube] Fuck them!! Long as motherfuckers still buyin' it, the Media ain't shit (*Echoes*) [Eazy-E] Fuck everybody, let's do it YO DRE, KICK IN THE BASS!! [DJ Yella adapted quotes below over the Dr. Dre's beats] Niggaz With Attitudes --> Dr. Dre Niggaz With Attitudes --> Dr. Dre Niggaz With Attitudes --> Dr. Dre Niggaz With Attitudes --> Dr. Dre DJ Yella --> Dr. Dre DJ Yella --> Dr. Dre DJ Yella --> Dr. Dre EVERYBODY FREEZE --> Dr. Dre DJ Yella --> Dr. Dre Make some noise Make some noise SOMEBODY SCREAM!! AWWWWWWWWWOOOOOOOOOOWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWW MC Ren, the Ruthless Villain --> MC Ren Dre, the motherfuckin' Doctor --> Dr. Dre MC Ren, the Ruthless Villain --> MC Ren Dre, the motherfuckin' Doctor --> Dr. Dre MC Ren, the Ruthless Villain --> MC Ren Dre, the motherfuckin' Doctor --> Dr. Dre MC Ren, the Ruthless Villain --> MC Ren Dre, the motherfuckin' Doctor --> Dr. Dre [Dr. Dre] Everybody, put your motherfuckin' hands in the air Everybody, put your motherfuckin' hands in the air Put your hands in the air Come on, get with it.. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: N.W.A.  Album: N.W.A. Greatest Hits Song: Real Niggaz (New Version) * Typed by: dy_face@hotmail.com * a different version than all previous releases [Intro: DJ Yella] Every motherfucker always asks: how did N.W.A. get started!! We don't know how it got started Fuck that question, you know what I'm saying? It's the same bullshit over and over How did we get started? How did we first meet? [MC Ren] Prisoner like a hostage Yo, you should've covered your motherfucking head like an ostrich Deep in the dirt cause you was a sucker And your ass up high so I can kick the motherfucker Don't try to hang, you best avoid it Cause my foot will be so far up your ass, you'll get hemrroids Before you try to fuck with Ren I'll put two in your ass and you'll be shitting the size 10 [Dr. Dre] First come, first serve, whoever's got the nerve Step up and get what you deserve From the world of the motherfucking Hip-Hop maniac Brainiac, so what you ought to do is step the fuck back But how the fuck you think your rap would last? With your ass saying shit that is said in the past Yo, be original, your shit is sloppy Get off the dick, you motherfucking carbon copy [MC Ren] Falling deep in the drums for many of styles Is one of the reasons a nigga ran the hundred miles Cheating and not beating, the crowd are kept seating But weak motherfuckers biting off and they kept eating Styles that kept them full of bull Cause the vocals were local in nightclubs and not getting paid in full And got the nerve to cuss Only reason niggaz pick up your record is cause they thought it was us [Dr. Dre] Yo, giving what I gotta give, doing what I gotta do You don't care for me, so who gives a fuck about you? You can't harm me, alarm me Cause we're the generals in this fucking Hip-Hop army The niggaz with attitudes, if you didn't know We blow, flow and then move slow from the get Go Yo, tie us to take it Yo, fuck this shit, Yella, kick the break in [Chorus: Eazy-E] It's the real thing You are now ----> Dr. Dre Real, real niggaz, niggaz [MC Ren] You can run but you can't hide, you know I'm a find you Cause a nigga like Ren, is only two steps behind you Don't look back, because you're shaking and all scared A nigga in black, can be your scariest nightmare So sleep with the lights on, forget that the Mic's on Don't step on my motherfucking stage without Nike's on Don't say it's psycho, and then you just might go Mentally fucked up, when I let the right blow [Dr. Dre] All these niggaz with the gibber gabber But couldn't kill a fly with a motherfucking sledge hammer Gangsters in black are out there But only because, yo, it's the shit that we wear On my motherfucking dick But I'ma love it when you drop like a motherfucking brick So, yo, step off, go to bed, cause if you're mislead You'll get a motherfucking bullet in your forehead [Eazy-E] Black, the good, the bad, the ugly, you see A little street wise nigga, you know me Rolling with some real niggaz playing for keeps But you motherfuckers know who run the streets With that hardcore Hip-Hop rap shit [MC Ren] Now how much harder can another nigga get? Trying to be like us, sound like us, dress like us [MC Ren] Ashes to ashes and dust to dust So nigga, nigga, nigga, nigga, nigga, nigga, please Since you're on the dick, why don't you drop to your knees? Cause I'm the motherfucker that's out to kill Eazy-E, a nigga that's real (Timed bomb count down*)  [Break: DJ Yella] Real niggaz, straight off the streets of Compton Quick to get in your shit without a second thought And if your ass get smoked, it's my bullet you caught So if you're talking shit about the niggaz in black (*Explosion*) Bow down to the King's and Raider hats [MC Ren] They played out, that's what niggaz were chanting One nigga left and they said: we ain't happening People had thought, we was finished and then done wit But if you think about it, yo, we really ain't done shit Yet, so cover your ears and wipe your tears And quit sniffing all over my dick for new ideas And when the new record comes, I'll come like a fucking bump Asking for fucking money, don't buy you a fucking crumb You're on the dicks of four niggaz not one And when it comes to dicks, you don't even have one So brace yourself to make sure you don't get fucked up Because if I let you slide, it's just cause you lucked up Don't come in my face again, because I'm a floor you And if you're a bitch, I'ma fucking ignore you Because my attitude is a little bigger Cause MC Ren is one of the Real Niggaz [Dr. Dre] Lost in a motherfucking world of madness Sadness, but Dre is just a nigga that gladdest Sucking motherfuckers like you, making whack jams Because it only shows you how dope I am Never try to ignore us When I'm expressing, standstill like you're full of Rigor Mortis Cause I'm a real nigga, but I guess you figure You can break me, take me, but watch me pull the trigger Dre is just a nigga with heart, a nigga that's smart A nigga that's paid; to say what others are scared to play We started out with too much cargo So I'm glad we got rid of Benedict Arnold Yo, N.W.A., criticized for what we say But I'ma do the shit anyway Cause I'm the motherfucking doctor, never faking Yo, Yella, kick the motherfucking break in [Chorus: Eazy-E] It's the real thing You are now ----> Dr. Dre Real, real niggaz, niggaz Yeah, motherfucker, it's the real thing You are now ----> Dr. Dre Real, real niggaz, niggaz [Hook: MC Ren w/ echoes]  N.W.A. - Straight Outta motherfucking Compton Taking over shit in all of the 1990s Yo, Dr. Dre, DJ Yella, Eazy-E and I am MC Ren Yo, N.W.A. taking over this motherfucker y'all The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: N.W.A. Album: N.W.A. Greatest Hits Song: Straight Outta Compton (Extended Mix) Typed by: dy_face@hotmail.com [Intro: Dr. Dre] Niggaz With Attitudes, get on the floor! Niggaz With Attitudes, get on the floor! Niggaz With Attitudes, get on the floor! (*Sample of Police Sirens*) I'm comin' straight outta Compton ---> Ice Cube (*Sample of Police Sirens*) [Ice Cube] When Somethin' happens in South Central, Los Angles Nothin' happens, it's just another nigga's dead (*Echoes*) [Ice Cube] Straight outta Compton, crazy motherfucker named Ice Cube From the gang called Niggaz With Attitudes When I'm called off, I got a sawed off Squeeze the trigger, and bodies are hauled off You too, boy, if you fucked with me The police are gonna have to come and get me Off your ass, that's how I'm goin' out For the punk motherfuckers that's showin' out Niggaz start to mumble, they wanna rumble Mix them and cook them in a pot like gumbo Goin' off on a motherfucker like that With a gat, that's pointed at your ass So give it up smooth Ain't no tellin' when I'm down for a jack move Here's a murder rap to keep you dancin' With a crime record like Charles Manson AK-47 is the tool (*3 Gun Shots*) Don't make me act the motherfuckin' fool Me you can go toe to toe, no maybe I'm knockin' niggaz out the box, daily Yo, weekly, monthly and yearly Until them dumb motherfuckers see clearly That I'm down with the capital C-P-T Boy, you can't fuck with me So when I'm in your neighborhood, you better duck Cause Ice Cube is crazy as fuck As I leave, believe I'm stompin' But when I come back, boy, I'm comin' straight outta Compton [Skit] Y'all, aooh, aooh (*Eazy-E explodes a Patrol Cops wagon*) [Chorus: DJ Yella scratched Quote below] City of Compton --> Toddy TEE City of Compton --> Toddy TEE [Eazy-E] Yo, Ren [MC Ren] What's up? [Eazy-E] Tell them where you from!! [MC Ren] Straight outta Compton, another crazy ass nigga More punks I smoke, yo, my rep gets bigger I'm a bad motherfucker and you know this But the pussy ass niggaz won't show this But I don't give a fuck, I'ma make my snaps If not from the records, from jackin' the crops Just like burglary, the definition is jackin' And when I'm illegally armed, it's called packin' Shoot a motherfucker in a minute I find a good piece of pussy, I go up in it So if you're at a show in the front row I'm a call you a bitch, or dirty-ass whore You'll probably get mad like a bitch is supposed to But that shows me, slut, you're composed to A crazy motherfucker from the street Attitude legit, cause I'm tearin' up shit MC Ren controls the automatic For any dumb motherfucker, that starts static Not the right hand cause I'm the hand itself  Every time, I pull a AK off the shelf  The security is maximum and that's a law R-E-N spells Ren but I'm raw See, cause I'm the motherfuckin' Villain The definition is clear, you're the witness of a killin' That's takin' place without a clue And once you're on the scope, your ass is through Look, you might take it as a trip But a nigga like Ren is on a gangster tip Straight outta Compton (*Echoes*) [Chorus: DJ Yella scratched Quote below] City of Compton --> Toddy TEE City of Compton --> Toddy TEE (*Sample of Police Sirens*) [Dr. Dre]  Eazy is his name and the boy is coming.. [Eazy-E] Straight outta Compton, is a brother that'll smother your mother And make your sister think I love her Dangerous motherfucker raises hell And if I ever get caught, I make bail See, I don't give a fuck, that's the problem I see a motherfuckin' cop I don't dodge him But I'm smart, lay low, creep a while And when I see a punk pass, I smile To me it's kind of funny, the attitudes showin' a nigga drivin' But don't know where the fuck he's goin, just rollin' Lookin' for the one they call Eazy But here's a flash, they never seize me Ruthless! Never seen like a shadow in the dark Except when I unload, you see, it's about to over the hesitation And hear's the scream of the one, who got the last penetration Give a little gust of wind and I'm jettin' But leave a memory no one'll be forgettin' So what about the bitch who got shot? - Fuck her! You think I give a damn about a bitch? - I ain't a sucker! This is the autobiography of the E, and if you ever fucked with me You'll get taken, by a stupid dope brother who will smother Word to the motherfucker, straight outta Compton [Chorus: DJ Yella scratched Quote below] City of Compton --> Toddy TEE City of Compton --> Toddy TEE The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: N.W.A. f/ Snoop Dogg Album: www.NWAWorld.com Song: Chin Check (Live) Typed by: dy_face@hotmail.com * Originally performed at Farmclub TV Show Stages Los Angles, California, 2000 [Intro: Music from the 'Next Episode' started up and had the theatre went nuts] [Cube] ARE YOU READY FOR THE WORLD'S MOST DANGEROUS MOTHERFUCKING GROUP?!! [Cube] N-N, Dup Dup-W, A-A, A-A [Snoop] BITCH!! [Snoop] The most wanted; and most wanted [Cube] N-N, Dup Dup-W, A-A, A-A [Snoop] The most wanted; and most wanted [Cube] What the fuck is up Dre? [MC Ren] YEAH!! YEAH!! [Dr. Dre] You tell me; you talked to Ren? [MC Ren] I'm right here, nigga, release the hound [Cube] N-N, Dup Dup-W, A-A, A-A [Snoop] Woof!! bow wow wow [MC Ren] YEAH!! YEAH!! [Cube] YEAH!! [Snoop] The most wanted; and most wanted [MC Ren] What up? [Ice Cube] I'm a Nigga With an Attitudes, thanks to y'all And I don't give a fuck, I keep it gangster y'all I'ma ride for my side in the C.P.T. God bless the memory of Eazy-E If it wadn't for me, where the fuck you be? Rapping like the Treacherous Three, you fucking cowards I done seen Dre rocking parties for hours And I done seen Ren fucking bitches from Howard And I done seen Snoop give a way to Eddie Bauers So fuck Jerry Heller and the white superpowers [MC Ren] This is the shit niggaz kill for They hear the villain nigga spitting with the nigga flows Fuck you whores, fuck you bitch ass niggaz too Got something for your throat These niggaz wearing skirts like the poke Who them niggaz that you love to get? (US!!) Who them niggaz that you're fucking with? (US!!) Love the gutter weed and shit The Saga continues; with the World's Most Dangerous Group Four deep in the Coup, to get with the Villain [Chorus: Snoop Dogg (MC Ren)] I'ma smoke who I wanna smoke (FUCK THAT!!) I'ma choke who I wanna choke (FUCK THAT!!) I'ma ride who, I wanna ride (FUCK THAT!!) Cause I'm a nigga for life, so I'm a nigga til I dizzai [MC Ren] YEAH!! YEAH!! YEAH!! YEAH!! YEAH!! COME ON!! [Cube] N-N, Dup Dup-W, A-A, A-A  I'ma smoke who I wanna smoke (FUCK THAT!!) I'ma choke who I wanna choke (FUCK THAT!!) I'ma ride who, I wanna ride (FUCK THAT!!) Cause I'm a nigga 4 life, so I'm a motherfucking nigga til I til I dizzai [Dr. Dre] A pencil, a pen, or a glock I'm the original, subliminal, subterranium Titianium, criminal minded, swift D-R-E with that fuck a bitch shit (FUCK A BITCH!!) A couple of notes to get you hog tied in rope Dope like tons of coke, cutthroat You don't want the pistols to whistle Candy paint impala, I make whores pop collars [Snoop Dogg] Uhh, goddamn whores, here we go again Fucking with Ren, playing to win He got the coke in hand, I got the Juice and Gin Same shit you was fucking with wayback then We keep it cracking; from the acting to the jacking G'ed up C'ed up, motherfucker blaze the weed up [Cube] BLAZE THE WEED UP!!! We're all on deck, fool, so place no heat up I stay on deck; so me don't get wet [Cube] UHH!! - look my nigga [MC Ren] WHAT?!! WHAT?!! [Cube] If we can scatter like buckshots, Let's get together make a record [Cube] Why the fuck not? [MC Ren] Why the fuck not? [Dr Dre] Why the fuck not? [Snoop] Why the fuck not? [MC Ren] WHAT UP?!! [Cube] Cause I'm tight as the night, I had to wipe activator off the mic [MC Ren] In 1985!! [Cube] N-N, Dup Dup-W, A-A, A-A [Snoop] N-N, Dup Dup-W, A-A, A-A [Ice Cube] We cause tragedy, erratically, Systematically in your house without a key How fucked up that I be? Gat'll be near your anatomy; my form of flattery [Dr. Dre] Assault and battery [MC Ren] YEAH!! [Dr. Dre] Cause we're coming with that street mentality [Cube] For sure [Dr. Dre]  Straight Westcoast Rider Academy Concrete, nigga, that's my reality [Snoop] We tend to bust on niggaz that get mad at me [Dr. Dre] Was it a bitch in the mix [Snoop] Cause it had to be Lying tricks told them dicks that I had a key Whores make the world harder than it have to be [Cube] Yeah, that's right [Chorus: Snoop Dogg With MC Ren ADLIBS below] [MC Ren] PUT THEM UP Y'ALL!! [Snoop] And most wanted [MC Ren] PUT THEM UP!! [MC Ren] PUT THEM UP!! [MC Ren] PUT THEM UP!! [MC Ren] PUT THEM UP!! [Snoop] The most wanted; and most wanted [MC Ren] PUT THEM UP!! [MC Ren] PUT THEM UP!! [MC Ren] PUT THEM UP!! [MC Ren] PUT THEM UP!! [Snoop] The most wanted; and most wanted (*EXPLOSION WITH THEATRE GAVE UP A GREAT ROUND OF APPLAUSE*) [MC Ren] YEAH!! YEAH!! YEAH!! YEAH!! YEAH!! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Dr. Dre f/ E-A-Ski (Mr. Ski) Album: Past And Present: Unlimited Edition Mixtape Song: Split Personality * Typed by: dy_face@hotmail.com * released only on the Unlimited Edition Mixtape [Intro: Dr. Dre Talking] yeah, I'm just sittin' in the lab, I'm... my name is Dr. Dre, and I want all you mothafuckers out there to know that I have a split personality (*Mr. Ski chuckles*) and sometimes I just, exit through these things, you know ha ha, you know, hell yeah.. [Break: E-A-Ski] Mr. Ski nigga I'm takin' over shit Dre (*E-A-Ski chuckles and laughs*) [Verse 1: Dr. Dre] diagnosis, roaming with more personality to slaughter with modern tech, jugglin' hard in a Leg' versus manslaughter I took a swig of the potion and it sent me coastin' with visions of my ulti-Eagle hittin' three wheel motion "Is it Dre, is it Dre" No that Ski in a purple 6-tray G.T.A. killin' any mothafucker walkin' and all these niggaz in these magazines that keep on talkin' don't get twisted, I been there, I done that but Ski's out control and maniac he just show me that he got my back "I just show him I got your back" see, in a lot of there, I'm straight I'm Dr. Dre, but after stroke of mid night and Mr. Ski A.K.A. Dooms Day concocted the shit up in my lab with Mr. Ski up in my head, bringin' on the Aftermath you can see the stars runnin' from the sky tryin' to get away from Dr. Dre and Mr. S-K-I [Chorus: 2X] [Mr. Ski ] the Doctor should've told you, Mr. Ski is fatal to your health [Dr.Dre] I'm livin' on another level that y'all ain't been yet [Mr. Ski ] the Doctor should've told you, Mr. Ski is fatal to your health [Dr.Dre] yo, the life style that I'm livin' is just too complex [Verse 2: Mr. Ski] it's Mr. Ski and Dr. Dre, can't stop this maniacal individual to start showin' level, with 7.0 on your digital I'm tryin' to take over shit like Buddy-love but this professor ain't nutty and he can't do it, any herpe dove I was the madness that brought on Dre Day such this time Dr. Dre, he's the one is gonna pay I dropped this bud, strain in his brain and shed it off and have them slangin' guns to them females wouldn't set it off I do dirt, and tied up his body and break free witnesses saw Dr. Dre but it was really Mr. Ski you might think it's insane, but it's a clever scheme Dre don't know shit, he wake up in the morning thinkin' it was a dream put his ass to sleep and soak his game up steady mobbin', hopin' to get this mothafucker brained up I can't stop till I succeed, then I can break free no longer Dr. Dre, nigga it's Mr. Ski [Chorus: 2X] [Mr. Ski ] the Doctor should've told you, Mr. Ski is fatal to your health [Dr.Dre] I'm livin' on another level that y'all ain't been yet [Mr. Ski ] the Doctor should've told you, Mr. Ski is fatal to your health [Dr.Dre] yo, the life style that I'm livin' is just too complex [Verse 3: Dr. Dre] I start shakin' test tools and bottles start breakin' (*glass crush*) my Ulti-Eagle starts overtakin' instantly spinnin' around like the mass tossin' that shit up off like a twister no longer, the docter or Mister "Ski" I can't hold it back I'm trapped behind the walls of my brains, tryin' to count a rack "even though tryin' to fight" my vocal tone ignited into a loud scream "how high" it's time to get the fuck up off, yeah [Verse 4: Mr. Ski] I'm on the loose like 2Pac I'm juiced God bless the dead but I'm already dead from trauma to the head I'ma verbal Manslaughter on the Mic bumpin' in your trunk, shatterin' your glass from the street life nobody wants to play with me so I'm drillin' them I'll be back like Swords nigga, so I can finish killin' them if you want music to drive-By torment minds like yours and Dr. Dre but all I think about is S-K-I [Chorus: 2X] [Mr. Ski ] the Doctor should've told you, Mr. Ski is fatal to your health [Dr. Dre] I'm livin' on another level that y'all ain't been yet [Mr. Ski ] the Doctor should've told you, Mr. Ski is fatal to your health [Dr. Dre] yo, the life style that I'm livin' is just too complex [Outro: Mr. Ski] (*exaggerate chuckles*) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tha Dogg Pound f/ Snoop Dogg, Dr. Dre Album: Poetic Justice soundtrack Song: Niggaz Don't Give a Fuck Typed by: fywhla@yahoo.com [Dr. Dre] Tha motherfuckin' Dogg Pound is definitely in the motherfuckin' house You know what I'm sayin'? Yo Kurupt, run that shit [Kurupt] Niggaz I grew up with, niggaz I jacked with Some niggaz I'm cool with and some niggaz I scrapped with Gets crazy when the light gets dark Put my schwin on the porch, now I'm headed for the park (Little does he know there's a crew of niggaz waitin' to put him on they hood, and they been anticipatin') Fix my khakis as I step and I parks my ride (Ey yo, what up Kurupt?) Westside, nigga (Right) Peepin' out the spot and that's just on GP Just in case some motherfuckers wanna try and see me No sooner than I say what I'm thinkin' what I thought of Two niggaz run up on me and they tellin' me to follow And now they askin' me what hood I'm from Well since yo' hood is my hood, then my hood is yo' hood The rat pack is on, as I falls to the floor I can't run so I guess I gotta throw 'em I'm scrappin' with these niggaz 'til my mouth got bloody And after it's over we got some drink and we got budded Since I'm only 13 this must be my intro I really don't know but that's just how that shit flow Rat-tat-tat-tat, fuckin' droppin' on that ass B.G. is born, so grab your gats and blast It's like I'm free but yet and still I feel I'm stuck Cause the hood that I'm from niggaz don't give a fuck [Chorus: Snoop Dogg] Run for your gun motherfucker and duck If you slip you'll get plucked 'cause (niggaz don't give a fuck, nigga) Lil' looney motherfucker by the name of Kurupt Growin' up crazy 'cause (niggaz don't give a fuck, nigga) So Daz, my mellow, my nigga Show these motherfuckers that (niggaz don't give a fuck, nigga) The click that I'm with - don't give a shit You know why? (niggaz don't give a fuck) [Dat Nigga Daz] Early '85 got my stack on fat Got kinda flossy and rushed me a 'Llac It felt kinda funny with money, but ain't no thang See what's a Coupe DeVille without a set of Dana Danes? So I rushed 'em with the quickness and I put 'em on the Coupe Smokin' weed, servin' cavi, now I know how to cook loot Dat Nigga Daz was the name and the game was mine Sewin' shit up for willow to the back of 1-9 Mr. Dopeman, they done ga-uh-grabbed me Sent me to penitentiary 'cause I used to serve cavi Makin' big money on the block, that was us 'til we bust Off-brand stepped up then off-brand get rushed (blaaw!) Motherfucker (fuckers), knew about me ('bout me) Well they didn't know enough to where they say they doubt me (doubt me) So it's relatively cool and shit But the niggaz who don't give a fuck, are the niggaz I fuck with [Chorus: Snoop Dogg] Throw your guns in the motherfuckin' air, we don't care (Niggaz don't give a fuck, nigga) About nothin' at all, just my doggs and clockin' a grip (Niggaz don't give a fuck, nigga) That's why I can kick it so tough, 'cause when times get rough my (Niggaz don't give a fuck, nigga) The click that I'm with, don't give a shit, you know why? (Real niggaz don't give a fuck, nigga) [Dat Nigga Daz] Now I'm back up on the block And I'm the G that's pushin' ki's, puttin' a 187 on cops And it don't stop, and it don't quit Now let me see if these niggaz plan to set trip Bang to the boogie and boogie to the bang is the song that I sang when I let my nuts hang Do my thang - quickly, slowly, fo' surely Niggaz like yourself best to act like you know me [Kurupt] Startin' shit 'cause they niggaz mad doggin' me So now it's time for me to release the fuckin' hogg in me I puts my hand on my heat, peep, we four deep Dat Nigga Daz, Warren G, me and Snoop Doggy Dogg in a '93 Jeep (beotch) It don't stop - glock, in the back, pack a fat knot Anybody killer, so what's up? Kurupt and Dat Nigga Daz (Are two niggaz who don't give a fuck).. (Niggaz don't give a fuck, nigga) (Niggaz don't give a fuck, nigga) (Niggaz don't give a fuck, nigga) (Real niggaz don't give a fuck, nigga) [Dr. Dre] Awww shit, ha ha ha, yeah I like that shit, ya know I like that gangsta shit This is definitely some of that shit A nigga could kick back and smoke a fat ass joint to Know what I'm sayin'? Dogg Pound in the house... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Dr. Dre, Kokane, Snoop Dogg Album: The Wash Soundtrack Song: On the Boulevard Typed by: compbuttons@hotmail.com [Dr. Dre] You in the office of the good doc again, let's walk again It's like clock again, the hood rock again You should pop it in,ain't take it out That shit play on, you can't make it out The world ain't set for what I'm about to do Ninety-six tracks mixed down to two I stepped out the booth, called up Snoop Like toucan, Dre got colorful loops [Snoop Dogg] We can shoot, we can scrap We can rap, we can act We can mack these bitches, whatever you want Ol' bitch ass niggas think it's better to front [Dr. Dre] How it be on the West, forever the hunt [Snoop Dogg] But I won't wear no bull's eye (Bull's eye eye) Bull's eye is how these fools die (Die die) Waitin' on school by (By by) Have you on the news by (By) [Dr. Dre] Y'all know how the story goes We give a fuck about award shows [Snoop Dogg] Same shit about hoes [Dr. Dre] Real niggas own platinum balls I ain't got it on my neck nigga check my walls I think y'all just tryin' to insight us Yo I see how the world can't see these Eastsidaz All y'all wanna criticize, fuckin' with us tryin' to get a ride That's when my shit flies [Snoop Dogg] And here's where the pimp lies [Dr. Dre] I spit game at the globe First week deuce five [Hook: Kokane] I'd rather be ridin' than walkin' While all you loud mouth niggas keep talkin' All you high paid niggas stay fly I'ma slide left, fly right on by I'ma do it on the boulevard Fast bitches, fast cars and stars Stayin' boxed up eatin' caviar Lookin' for the next play to have it all, ah nah [Dr. Dre with Snoop rapping along] It's funny how the game goes New face but they look like the same hoes I try to get away, everybody wanna hit of Dre Stay focused, bang I done hit a day [Snoop Dogg] Nigga fuck what cha' heard, shit is all lies Niggas mad Dre and Snoop stayin' multi [Dr. Dre] Fuck y'all, wanna slice and it's all mine [Snoop Dogg] My career in fifth gear while y'all's dyin' [Dr. Dre] You thinkin' California all sun and surf, for sho' I can see you walkin' under the Earth [Snoop Dogg] My gun burst em' [Dr. Dre] And I still got my first mail Still bounce till I feel like the Earth tilt [Snoop Dogg] Every club, Dre and Snoop loudest G-Funk, get it crunk like the Dirty South Hold ya mouth, you ain't worth a third of me [Dr. Dre] A word from me, exclusive as a surgery But I don't use a scalpel, chainsaw shoppin' My fingerprints all over the top ten [Snoop Dogg] Like that [Dr. Dre] Whole staff'll come through and spin Either on the film or the two-inch wheel Behind the wheel of a sixty-four I can't stop till I done fifty totes [Snoop Dogg] Y'all motherfuckers know me I smoke a lot of weed, sayin' fuck a pass like Kobe [Hook] [Kokane x4] Rock on, rock on keep movin' on Groovin' on and hold ya on [Hook] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Dr. Dre & Snoop Dogg Album: The Wash OST Song: The Wash Typed by: josh_spink@hotmail.com, fywhla@yahoo.com [Dr. Dre] (Snoop Dogg) As the wheels turn city to city, hundred-spoke Chronic smoke, twist up another Phillie (Done dilly) (Them niggaz still trippin' off that old shit) Really? (How silly) It's a whole nother day (Yeah it is) Snoop Dogg (and Doc Motherfuckin' Dre) Nigga can ya feel this? (It's the D-O-double, ya don't run up ya won't see no trouble) If you caught up in these fuckin' streets  (Who you gon' call when them niggaz gettin' ready to blast?) Yeah, and if that shit's gettin' ugly (Who you gon' call when them niggaz come to get in ya ass?) [Snoop Dogg] I came to get in that ass, Bigg Di-Dogg, push the big hid-ogg You're hoppin' and poppin', how bout you hop up off my bid-alls Got dirt on my pid-aws, I broke a few lid-aws It really don't matter 'cause I'm only here to spit on And get on and shit on niggaz Do it to 'em D-O-double, right on nigga I'm saggin' it, baggin' it, slangin' dubs You motherfuckers think The Wash is all soap and suds? What's up cuz? If you tryin' to get a dub sack page me The hoes say "Dee Loc, you so crazy" Poppin' that shit don't faze me I need my chips and the dip, it's like gravy [Dr. Dre] Now back to the lecture at hand Perfection is expected and I'm feelin' that demand Los Ang', broad day gunnin' That ain't no earthquake it's just Dre comin' If this shit ain't played the party ain't bumpin' If I don't show up the hoes ain't fuckin' (Real talk) Cali sunshine, come visit Just don't stop at stop signs with bullet holes in it All-Star League, you ride inventions I handles my business, FUCK fake niggaz I sell game a quarter million a track Snoop and the Good Doc back with a brand-new sack Shit's wrong, money gone, I'll blast Out of town, out of bounds, no pass Runnin' up, talkin' shit, get smashed (Shoot first) Ask questions last [Snoop Dogg] Fallin' back on that ass Hit the switch and let the ass just drag 2001, 2002 tags... My nigga what you holdin'? Step out with the Stacey's and the Snoop Dogg Clothin' Rollin', with the braids in my hair Cripped out, way pimped out, oh yeah You gots to pay the cost to be the boss After all that dirt I gots to get my shit washed The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The West Coast Rap All-Stars Album: We're All in the Same Gang Song: We're All in the Same Gang Typed by: jostmatt@bluewin.ch (with help from liner notes) {*gun is cocked and fired*} (I'm King News and I come to you with the truth The mean streets took six more lives overnight all the result of gang-bang stupidity By the way, you gangsters should know one of your victims was a three year old girl Well, you gang members, you still don't get it, do ya?) (With your badself) [King Tee] It's straight up madness everywhere I look Used to be a straight a student, now he's a crook Robbin people just to smoke or shoot up Used to have a crew cut, now he's a pooh-put Dropped out of school and he joins the neighborhood gang Hangin on the streets sellin caine To his own people Now when I say people I mean color You a stupid muthaf... I'm tryin to stress the fact that you're dumb Get yourself presentable, son, and just come Together, you better, cause pretty soon it's gonna be too late A message from King Tee The Great [Body & Soul] Sisters, since we are the mothers of this earth It's time we start being good mothers from the birth Of our children, no time for sleepin Teach em to fight and win for the right reason It's your time, it's your life, live it Proud to be black, young and gifted Lifted by the knowledge and takin the right route Gang violence needs to be wiped out A-l-m-i-g-h-ty C and E-z-i-r-e We see the f-u-t-u-r-e Should be a positive thang Body & Soul and you, we're in the same gang [Def Jef] One and the same Everyone came in the same chains Caught with the same aim Brain games and names changed To protect the innocent by-stander Lies, slander and the master-planner Destroy the black male Crack jail and semi-automatic For static if the crack fails So since we all talk the same slang Stop killin, my brother, cause we're all from the same gang [Michel'le] Don't you know we've got to put our heads together? Make the change cause we're all in the same gang [Tone-Loc] Now as a youth I used to get my bang on And on the ave get my part-time slang on Upon a time for me was no joke though They knew I was crazy, so they labelled me Loco Khakis creased, golf hat, feelin sporty Low ridin and tossin up a forty Thinkin in my mind that no one could handle us The downest brothers ever touched Los Angeles I found life was much more suitable Cause I'm the brother that makes black so beautiful I ain't slippin or down with a head trip I'm talkin to all the Bloods and all the Crips Throw down your rag and get on the right track, man It's time to fight, unite and be a black man Tone-Loc is on a positive change Cause remember, we're all in the same gang [Above The Law] Bein the pimps that we are We're here to speak on a situation that has gone too far Here at home in the ghettos of LA Where a young black brother's not promised to see the next day Cause we used to clock on the streets before we made beats But fools just lay and prey on the weak It don't depend on the color of a rag Cause if you got what they want you know they gonna take what you have Cause violence don't only revolve from drugs and thugs And gangs that bang Most times it's a political thang Yeah, a couple of spots'll get popped And if the government wanted to freeze it it could all get stopped But they don't because they want it like that Because the system been set up to hold us back Yeah, Above The Law means that we can do whatever So why don't we stick together? (You got it) [Ice-T] Ice-T rippin the microphone the way I do Listen close, my brothers, cause I'm talkin to you The problem is we got a suicidal lifestyle Cause 90 percent of us are livin foul and wild I say job, you say ([Hen-G:] bad joke I rather jack another brother, watch the gun smoke) Livin in the fast lane flippin like you're insane You won't stop until your blood runs down the street drain I got an idea, give me a minute And if it makes sense, then get with it What if we could take our enemies, feed em poison Undereducate their girls and boys and Split em up, make em fight one another Better yet, make em kill for a color All my brothers need to know one thing No matter what you think, we're all in the same gang [Michel'le] Don't you know we've got to put our heads together? Stop the fighting (Make the change) Because we're all in the same gang [Dr. Dre & MC Ren] Yo, we're not here to preach because we're not ministers We're tellin like it is cause Ren and Dre is like sinister Reality speaks for itself when it's spoken A basehead cluck can't blame nobody for smokin Yo, bullets flyin, mothers cryin, brothers dyin Lyin in the streets, that's why we're tryin To stop it from fallin apart and goin to waste And keepin a smile off a white face N.W.A never preachin, just teachin The knowledge of the streets to each and All that don't understand, that's why we came To let you know that we're all in the same gang [JJ Fad] The J double, F, the a, the d, that is And if you want the solution to the quiz What's black in black, yo, and kills another? An ignorant sucker that isn't labelled as a brother But another So now it's time we evolve And get together and solve it Cause the world is revolvin Around a terrible situation One will kill another for a reputation So it's time we stop and realize that we're all the same Yo Dre, tell em (We're all in the same gang) [Young MC] Brothers killin other brothers I thought the idea was to love one another? Open up the paper to one more death If y'all keep this up then there'll be no one left I try my best to set an example Sayin hype lyrics over hip-hop samples Not just a bragger to boast but to inform Cause we're livin in the calm before the storm You see, I believe that the children are the future But what's it all about if in the future they shoot ya? We're all human beings, if we're cut we'll bleed And I want to see all young people succeed Do 9 to 5, not 5 to 10 Just go to work and not the state pen Cause you live better when you're out there free And that's comin straight to ya from the Young MC [Digital Underground] I'm in a rage Oh yeah? Yo, why is that g? Other races, they say we act like rats in a cage I tried to argue, but check it, every night in the news We prove them suckers right and I got the blues America... Get busy, Humpy The red, the white, the blue and The blue and the red For Clips and Bloods The white for who's got you doin Time bustin caps on one another The Underground's down for peace among brothers Kill a black man? What? Yo, what are you retarded? Tell em, Hump Yo, do you work for the Klan? Do what you like Unless you like gangbangin Let's see how many brothers leave us hangin [Oaktown's 3.4.7.] The gang that should hang is the one that contains The sisters and the brothers who are all in the same frame of mind Now listen, get loose, it's unity time Yeah, yeah Peace is a presence that we all need The future's in our hands, in word and deed I'm Terrible T and I'm Sweet LD We're 3.5.7. totally [MC Hammer] Kickin on the ave 'bout a quarter to 9 All the homies gettin blind in an eight ball line Now on this tip they started runnin at the lip Jumped in their deuce and took a little trip Hit the block about 12 on the tick The windows went down and the nines went click People started yellin, bodies started bailin Bullets cold flyin sendin some to hell and It's gotta stop, we don't need all the violence Peace in the hood and a moment of silence We got together not for ego or fame We got involved cause we're all in the same gang [Eazy-E] Last but not least, yo, Eazy's no sell-out And if you can't hang in the streets, then get the hell out I'm not tryin to tell ya what to do You have your own freedom of choice who to listen to You knew good from bad, fair from foul, right from wrong Now your mother's singing that sad song (My baby ain't never hurt nobody!) But he still got smoked at Bb's party But you're not the first or the last You're nothin but a short story from the past You're dead now, not number one but a zero Take notes from Eazy-E, the violent hero [Michel'le] Don't you know we've got to put our heads together? Don't you know we've got to put our heads together? The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Dr. Dre and Eminem Album: Wild Wild West Soundtrack Song: Bad Guys Always Die Typed by: i3omb1st@aol.com, OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash The Wild.. Gotham The Wild.. West {*BANG BANG, BANG*} Ha ha, riiiiide.. [Dr. Dre] All you see is the sun, reflectin off of the gun I'm ready for the showdown, that go down at one Sweat on my brow, let's settle it now I'ma show you how real cowboys get down I'm polishin gold, waitin for this drama to unfold I got a {blunt} rolled Feelin bold, gangsters blood runs cold It's time to reload this old .45 colt The wind's gusty, it's hot, muggy and dusty Bust a couple shots, make sure I'm not rusty It's passed noon, he should be here soon Sip a little moonshine inside a saloon All of a sudden I can hear the sound of hoofs Sounds like a thousand wolves I cock back, put the toast in the holster and froze I pose like a poster, he's closer than close I hold the heat sturdy, I heard he fight's dirty but I'ma put thirty inside him and leave early And just when I went to fill him with hot lead I put the gun to his head, and this is what he said [Eminem] You never met me, and you'll probably never see me again but I know you - the name's Slim - you want revenge? Then don't shoot, I'm in the same boots as you I'm tellin the truth, I got a price on my head too, cause when you.. Chorus: {unknown singer} You ride like a cowboy toward the sun And life ain't fun, when you're on the run Got your gold and you got your gun But life as an outlaw just begun Got your shotgun by your side Got your horse and you got your pride You ride til there ain't no place to hide It's sad cause the bad guys always die [Dr. Dre] + (Eminem) He was "Shady," I seen by the look on his face He said take ten paces {shit} I took eight Spun around and I aimed straight for the brain My {shit} went bang but it only fired a blank, he said  (You need bullets, hurry up run!) {*imitating Slick Rick*} I put a clip in the gun, and pointed at his lungs We both drew at the same time and stood stunned  (Go ahead, shoot me, but I'm not the one you want) I figured he was tellin the truth, that's why I didn't shoot So what we gon' do, it's on you  (Do you recall when you and Snoop was a group?) The Chronic!  (Well all we gotta do is find a map to part two)  (And plus I know who's got it) Who?  (Some old dude, he's got 26 plaques and he already sold two) Loaded up my saddle, got ready for battle Hid two pieces of gold inside of my saddle  We rolled two miles until we hit the spot An old ghost town that everybody forgot A place where they used to smoke chronic a lot Slim grabbed the shotgun (Dre here's the plot) (Eminem) This is the spot, they call him Doc Loveless He's goin around sayin he took the game from us  [Let's shoot him in his kneecaps, he'll never see it comin] But he ain't got no legs, they cut 'em off at the stomach He's got mechanical legs, he spins webs Plus he's well respected by the hip-hop heads Our mission - is to get him to stop layin eggs And we can put him on his back down a flight of steps [Dr. Dre] I drew two guns, spun them on my fingers Kicked the swingin doors in, started gun slinging I could hear somebody singin - it sounded like a "G Thang," and a verse from "Keep Their Heads Ringin" I said "It's Dre's Day," and started to spray Against 1800, he pulls a AK Hollow tips started flyin every which way (Eminem) That's when I seen Dre in trouble and came with the gauge I fired the first shot, spun his body around He hit the ground and landed upside down Dre grabbed the map, the plaques and the gold I grabbed two girlies and a {blunt} that's rolled Chorus 2X  Always die..  The Wild.. Gotham  The Wild.. West {*BANG BANG, BANG*}  Ha ha, riiiiide.. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Dr. Dre f/ Royce Da 5'9 Album: Xxplosive Part 2 12" Song: Xxplosive Part 2 Typed by: illegalamigo@hotmail.com [Chorus: Royce Da 5'9] I might make it look easy Thats just the way I be pimpin Makin my money Thats just the way I be pimpin They wouldnt leave me Thats just the way I be pimpin You might not believe me Thats just the way I be pimpin [Verse 1: Dr. Dre] I'm livin a motion picture Me and my niggas, and 16 bars will make the big screen ours What is this? Everybody's jiggy now Is the hustle that good in everybody's city now? Or do they act good? I pimp on the street, I pimp in my sleep And when I snore it sounds like I'm sayin "Wheres my money?" I aint playin, I'm out there Like, "Wheres my honies?" You gotta be a pimp to understand Just how I'm layin Fuck a Lex bubble, I'm rich And after this I'ma be rich all over again, except double See, you aint so hard if you aint burnin rubber In somethin with numbers after the dot, you aint no star Me and my whole crew, did either shot a nigga Or been shot, and if you chuck us out, aint no scars Hint: steppin to me is suicide And that basically means that you can die True superfly Chorus [Verse 2: Dr. Dre] My lifes in the fast lane Thats when I knew I had game When class came I had hoes But didnt know they last name In school, when you niggas was tradin clothes Me and my niggas was tradin hoes Like "What they fadin fo'?" Carry my books you hoe I had 'em slavin, yo I get scarred then I played the hoe Like "Way to go" Controllin the halls Holdin a black Mack-11 Under the black leather Platforms, a hat with a feather I was so naughty, drivin a gold Audi All we did was throw parties And show up with Gold Gotti Handsome, endsome, I'm the one you ran from Cuz you could only be the man in the shit That I was banned from Make this shit seem easy Fiends need me Make the most conceited chick In this bitch seem sleazy Pleased at what I'm doin And to all yall pimp niggas Pimp on, and I'll see yall at the reunion Chorus The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: 2Pac f/ Dr. Dre Album: All Eyez on Me Song: California Love Typed by: OHHLA.com California love! 1-California...knows how to party  California...knows how to party  In the citaaay of L.A.  In the citaaay of good ol' Watts  In the citaaay, the city of Compton  We keep it rockin! We keep it rockin! [Verse One: Dr. Dre] Now let me welcome everybody to the wild, wild west  A state that's untouchable like Elliot Ness The track hits ya eardrum like a slug to ya chest  Pack a vest for your Jimmy in the city of sex We in that sunshine state where the bomb-ass hemp be the state where ya never find a dance floor empty And pimps be on a mission for them greens  lean mean money-makin-machines servin fiends I been in the game for ten years makin rap tunes  ever since honeys was wearin sassoon Now it's '95 and they clock me and watch me  Diamonds shinin lookin like I robbed Liberace It's all good, from Diego to tha Bay  Your city is tha bomb if your city makin pay Throw up a finger if ya feel the same way  Dre puttin it down for  Californ-i-a (repeat 1) 2-Shake it shake it baby  Shake it shake it baby  Shake it shake it mama  Shake it Cali  Shake it shake it baby  Shake it shake it shake it shake it... [Verse Two: 2Pac] Out on bail fresh out of jail, California dreamin Soon as I step on the scene, I'm hearin hoochies screamin Fiendin for money and alcohol, the life of a Westside player where cowards die, and the strong ball Only in Cali where we riot not rally to live and die In L.A. we wearin Chucks not Ballies (yeah, that's right) Dressed in Locs and khaki suits and ride is what we do Flossin but have caution we collide with other crews Famous because we throw grands Worldwide let 'em recognize from Long Beach to Rosecranz Bumpin and grindin like a slow jam, it's Westside  so you know the Row won't bow down to no man Say what you say, but give me that bomb beat from Dre  Let me serenade the streets of L.A. From Oakland to Sac-town, the Bay Area and back down Cali is where they put they mack down, give me love! (rpt 1) (dre) now make it shake... (rpt 2) [Outro: Dre, 2Pac] Uh, yeah, uh, Long Beach in the house, uh yeah Oaktown, Oakland definitely in the house hahaha Frisco, Frisco (Tupac) hey, you know LA is up in this  Pasadena, where you at Yeah, Inglewood, Inglewood always up to no good (Tupac) Even Hollywood tryin to get a piece baby Sacramento, sacramento where ya at? yeah Throw it up y'all, throw it up, Throw it up Let's show these fools how we do this on that west side Cause you and I know it's tha best side Yeah, that's riight West coast, west coast Uh, California Love California Love The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: 50 Cent f/ Alicia Keys, Dr. Dre Album: Street King Immortal Song: New Day Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Intro: sampled from "A Bronx Tale"] "It don't take much strength to pull a trigger  but try and get up every morning day after day and work for a living.  Let's see 'em try that.  Then we'll see who's the real tough guy.  The working man is the tough guy." [Chorus: Alicia Keys] Party people say, party people say AYYYY! It's a new dayyyy, it's a new dayyyy! World is gettin ready, everybody ready, YEAH! For a new dayyyy, for a new dayyyy! Celebrate and say Ay-ay-ay-ay-ay-ay-ay-ay-ay {*3X*} Ay-ay-ay-ay-ay, ay-ay-ay-ay-ay [Dr. Dre] I woke up this morning thinkin 'bout the old me When I was feelin like Miller Lite and Olde E But now I ride on some conscious shit I'm gettin bread while I toast to my accomplishments Only one I could have a problem with is myself That's probably why my only competition is myself From today to tomorrow the Doc'll just rock to the same drum Fuck the past, though I ain't forgot where I came from Uh, I got the club rockin Uh, I got your girl jockin Uh, me and Fif' still in this bitch, bitch We goin the distance wit'chu party people, c'mon [50 Cent] Yeah, now you can get your knees on the church floor and pray it get better Or push the door on the liquor store, see where it gets you But me I got to be on top I said me I got to be on top, I got the street on lock I'm on automatic pilot, ain't nobody stoppin me Growin up in poverty ain't filled my heart with larceny Niggaz ride I don't hide, I duck to get 'em off of me I'm a leader, we're gon' see the natural born boss in me They from Bel-Air I'm from the bottom, soon as I spot 'em I get the drop then I got 'em, I cut my piece as I dot 'em It's dinnertime, when the nine come out, it's off with the chain Off of the brain, move bang, off with your brain now [Alicia Keys] Clooooocks on the walllll It's nooooow or never at alllll I'm gonna give it my alllll, oh-ooh-ohhhhhhhh Whether I rise or falllll, oh-ooh-ohhhhhhhh [50 Cent] True story, I said I'd +Get Rich or Die Tryin'+ I did it, good luck sucka tryin to stop my shine Nothin matters but the music, music my first love With paper chasin I'm always comin in first cuz I'm built for it, see I'm better under pressure I react like a maniac when I'm comin to getcha I got to win, Em watchin, Dre watchin, my son watchin Fuck that, losin ain't an option I'm sharp, I'm on point, the ink from my ballpoint Pourin out my pain, I'm back on my A game I'm focused, for me this is just another victory Except that I'm stronger than a ox now mentally The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Above the Law f/ Dr. Dre Album: Livin' Like Hustlers Song: Flow On Typed by: jostmatt@bluewin.ch [ Dr. Dre ] Hey yo, check this out, y'all Since we almost at the last song Won't y'all kick some of that fly-ass gangsta shit? [ KM.G ] Alright Once again, a black nigga named KM.G And now it's time to drop some real pimpin shit Knowledge it, cause we livin like hustlers Comin from U.S.C. For those that don't know That's the University of South Central So bless the 40oz. Cautse his is somethin to jump on Why, you can drink whatever Like I said before, ain't nothin changed but the weather 'bout to take you to a higher plateau of hustlers Hustlers beyond control Homies ranchin, rollin nationally, clockin hoes We was there when the pimpin shit was put down Yo, 187 (What's up, man?) Yo, this shit is flowin (Muthafuckin right, it is) Yeah, let's take our time and do it the way a player would (Alright) Okay! [ VERSE 1: Cold 187um & KM.G ] Here we go, flowin on and on What's this we're doin so well? That's the name of the song Let's break it down, we're rollin nationally, clockin hoes Well, just to turn em into freaks, but if they turn to foes We don't need em, we know too many backstabbers now In our face they say they're with it, behind they back they put us down And try to clown a player like me, 187 from 'Mona And my homie the rancher from the city of Toners I hit a corner, cause they ballers in L.A. We give our props to the homies that be clockin on the Trey They sayin, "What's up, gees, tell me what's happenin I heard you're clockin dollars, but you're still out there rappin" You should know, it's my cash flow, now I'm just hangin With these beats called dope and these rhymes that I'm slingin That are so fly, we can't deny, we must reply If we twist it in two zags, we can all get high Off this shit, it's so legit, label it Chronic Cause if our rhymes was a robot, they'd all be Bionic Get up and get with it, if not, we feel we're owin Throw your hands in the air while we keep on flowin [ Cold 187um ] Yo KM.G, I think we got em locked on See, flowin is a art from the heart of a player So we gon' do the next one like this, man [ VERSE 2: Cold 187um & KM.G ] People say we have such strange vocabulary To find these words you need a underground dictionary Plus trey lifetimes of the inner city knowledge And to get this, boy, you see, you can't go to college Now see, you gotta be around when the shit goes down Not only spectating, man, you gotta throw down Yeah, and check em in a bottle like if you were at Ceasar's Or maybe over somethin like money and skeezers That's why we got this rule: first come, first served And if you don't know the meaning, just listen to the words I'm sayin, I don't be playin when I'm housin the scene I keep my Locs on, because I know you on fiend But I take them off, it's just because I'm scrappin But I put em back on as I commence to rappin Well, we do a show, rock the house and get paid Take a bitch to the mote, then get laid Send her home with a smile, cause it's worth her while She's to the homies how she did it and she went the mile I'm talkin whole nine yards, if you can understand Cause I'm a playin muthafucka and I'm in demand So flow on [ KM.G ] See Untouchable players in effect Makin all the big pay-offs Callin all the shots  Ballin Punishin punk muthafuckas on the 12-gauges I call on K-oss Knowledge Over Sucker-Spinners Dopeness jumpin off Gots to be platinum-bound O.G. G-O, a mack, a arson, a chiller and a killer A double-dose of the mega-flex Like all you gees that think you're niggas with attitudes You ain't got it like that Cause Ruthless done fixed that (Hey yo, what happened to peace?) Fuck peace I'm outta here The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Above the Law f/ Dr. Dre Album: Livin' Like Hustlers Song: Just Kickin' Lyrics Typed by: jostmatt@bluewin.ch [ KM.G ] Yo, this is somethin new by notorious-ass Above the Law In the motherfuckin place The Illustrator KM.G Yo 187, you gotta let em know what's goin on [ VERSE 1: Cold 187um ] See, I'm like a psycho, I meditate with a beat I add a rhyme, to make it sound complete I go into a state of mind that I very seldom enter To put it on a black plate of wax with a hole in the center Understand, I'm not the greatest Above the Law is always funky fresh and we will never be the latest Look at that, we're two steps ahead of you I just simply get up on the mic and do what some MC's are scared to do Go for the gusto, if so Yo, I keep my hat cut low I'm a friend, not a foe A pro, as a artist  Give my hardest as the farthest That'll take it up the ladder See, it really doesn't matter Cause oppositions I will scatter This I call rhymin, yo, not chitter-chatter Like Malcolm X, see, I be takin a stand A man with the plan makin you dance On the dancefloor, more Of a new style that's worth your while It's from Pamona So you know I had to lay this shit on ya Hit the switch, then rewind this shit Grab a 40 ounce and go mack to a bitch Now ladies - please don't be offended Because my lifestyle is hustlin, and see, I'm in it to win it Yo, what could I possibly be sayin Man, when I do it like that? [ Dr. Dre ] Just kickin lyrics [ KM.G ] Dope lyrics Funky lyrics Unlawful lyrics Yo, drop your lyrics [ VERSE 2: Cold 187um ] See, I'm livin large, I clock dollars from day to day And on the weekend go out for some play I'm like ballin with the untouchable HBC Real brothers that are down with me And if I call on em, you're gonna pay the cost Because they're puttin out contracts for you to get tossed Muffled, broke on, we throw you in the river Cement shoes, so that you sink much quicker Cause me, I gotta have it, one way or the other I'm takin out your family, your sister and your mother And your brother, undercover I got to keep ass clean And when the shit goes down I'm nowhere to be seen You know - what could I possibly mean, Dre? [ Dr. Dre ] Just kickin lyrics [ KM.G ] Dope lyrics Untouchable lyrics Notorious lyrics Yo, a true baller at hand [ VERSE 3: Cold 187um ] Now see, I have to break it down like on a funky tip So you don't wanna slip or trip or maybe go overboard You can't afford to ignore this style Above the Law steady housin em, change the dial I don't smile, I always keep a serious face So if this beat is that funky, why don't you pump up the bass? And fall into the groove like you're supposed to But not too deep, because we got another show to do This is dedicated to my brothers and sisters The white, the black, and all the hip-hop listeners One nation stayin under a groove Above the Law's pure in it to win it, we don't lose I'm not a new jack that smoke crack, don't play me like one 87's got the power, if you wanna, come get some, son I think your status is weak, you'll never compete But I don't have to sweat it, cause my posse's just too deep Yeah, we kick ass and take names and remain the same We live large while you sit and complain I have to break it down to all the people I know >From L.A., New York, Detroit and Chicago Oh, I can't forget Dallas and D.C. Miami, Florida, St. Louis and Philly But back to the subject of rockin and jockin Makin it funkier than funky, keepin you hyper than hype Makin you hot, so hot you wanna drop to your knees Make the whole damn nation catch a deadly disease Cause when I rhyme, I makes a killin And if you haven't seen our show, you don't know the feelin (Word) that's all I gotta say I'm just smooth kickin lyrics [ KM.G ] Unlawful lyrics Dope lyrics [ Cold 187um ] Cold 187, a brother steppin into the '90s [ KM.G ] Yo, and the Illustrator KM.G knowledge Goin out to my deejay K-oss and Go Mack The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Above the Law f/ N.W.A. Album: Livin' Like Hustlers/N.W.A. Legacy [Disc 02]  Song: The Last Song  Typed by: dy_face@hotmail.Com [Intro: Lay Law Talking] Yo, D.O.C. - why don't you blaze that J? Cause this is the Law House experience So you know, it's gonna be some mega shit So who is that?  [KM.G]  KM.G will never be a trick  Step up to the mic like a baller then I pimp this gift  And only I possess  I illustrated that way to get this shit off my chest  I'm ghetto raise to amaze the crowd, it's quite simple  KM.G has degrees from Unity of South Central  I'm a graduate, and it's all legit  From the pimpin, the ballin' and all that good shit  I have the mega thoughts, in which I speak in a slang  While I'm peekin' it with the Gs from the Ruthless gang  Ain't nothin' changes but the weather like I said before  Cause I'm livin' like hustlers and I'm checkin' galore  Yo, I have to give it up to the D.O.C.  A Ruthless brother, who's down with the KM.G  So all hail to the niggaz that's turnin' it out  And maybe then, I'll take the gun barrel out of your mouth  [Break: Lay Law] Knowledge, from one generation to another Perserved, and then transmitted, get it?  Down the Ruthless way, you know what I'm saying?  So what's up Dre?  [Dr. Dre]  Now I'm a swinger, I'm not a motherfuckin' singer  But I bring up, melody that always seems to ring up  Bell as well, let's make it so you can tell  Yo, it's comin' from Compton where the ballers dwell  Cause I'm Dre, the motherfuckin' doctor, causin' propaganda  When I'm on the mic, I demand a  Little bit of time to express myself  From CD and wax, kickin' the facts and it's like that  A nigga with a motherfuckin' attitude  You know the deal, kickin' some real shit  And if a sucker ever thinks he can get some from me Yo, step off, I'm kickin' lyrics for the deaf and the dumb  But any occasion, gettin' the bitches with the mega persuasion  Then my dick starts to make an invasion  But, yo, I can't go on  Because this is the end of my part on the last song  [Break: Lay Law] Real G from the streets, villainous when he speaks  For he bust this he can't deal, and give it up for real  [MC Ren]  Now when you see me, you're duckin' and slippin, yo, then you fell down  You fucked up and finally figured who was the cell down  Pullin' the pulls, crotchin' the bull  The weak motherfuckers were smellin' like shit  So I guess that they're full of it And I love it when I dress like a crook  With a "I don't give a fuck" look  The Villain was thumpin' off like a hero  Jackin' other niggaz with beef, off of relief, I mean the zeros  The rest of the 100 precent was sent to do what I say  N.W.A. and A.T.L. and we don't play  The DOC is doin' it also correctly  See, I broke it down for the ones who tried to check me  But I can't be checked, cause I'm the checker  When you see a nigga wrecked, believe that I'm the wrecker  The right is for the fight then the left will attend  When doin' it wrong, MC Ren is on the last song  [Break: Lay Law] From a genius to temporary insanity, the ganster's dream  The bitches' fanasty, Ruthless, so now we've come to the pay off  [Eazy-E]  One motherfuckin, two motherfuckin' three  It's the Hip-Hop thugster Eazy-E  So I grab the mic and then I clear my throat  First nigga kickin' lyrics in a straightcoat  It's Eazy for me to come off like this  So you can kiss my ass where the sun rays miss  Or just give me the pussy, then I'll be straight  And if you don't, fuck it, I'll masturbate  (We wanna fuck you Eazy) yeah, you bitches scream  Now bow down and praise The Lord for the wing ding  I got skill to deal and run game on bitches  You can tell that I'm sick, by the triple sixes  I hear voices in my head for what reason  Then when the talkin' stops (*Gun Shot*) it's stopped by season  So back the fuck off and give me respect  Now they're shippin' me off cause Eazy played with a half deck  [Break: Lay Law] Criminal in his thoughts, murderous in his lyrics  The notorious Cold  [Cold 187Um]  187Um, you know, I gotta have it  Now being above the law is an everyday habit  If you think I drop some pimp shit, I ain't  Perhaps, I say a couple rhymes to make the bitches faint  Now everybody wants to chill, ill and bill Now what the fuck is the deal?  You need a nigga like me to get the shit goin' 187Um has got the ultimate flowin'  Now it's time, for me to go off like a maniac  Run up, for cover cause I'm on the attiznack  An untouchable player rolled up into one mind  87 reasons, why fools stayin' in line  Cause I ain't the average nigga behind the trigger  I lay and spray anythin' in my way  Cause I'm a boss player, for the streets of South Central  Believe what you want, but soon you'll eventually see  That A.T.L is straight to mega  Don't be surprise cause we played you like Sega  And as bodies keep droppin, you see me keep movin' on  Peace, I'm outta here, cause this is the last song  [Break: Lay Law] Mega place, persuasion, that's from the House Law House that is; all graduates from U.S.C. For those that don't know, it's the University of South Central [Dr. Dre]  Yeah, you know that shit Law Yo, this is Dr. Dre, Ruthless Records is in full motherfuckin' effect Droppin' shit that's goin' to hit 9.2 on the Ricta Scale, boy [Cold 187Um] And yeah, this is Cooooooooooold 187Um in the place [Dr. Dre] Word up! [Cold 187Um] A.T.L definitely ranched y'all, y'all brought it so y'all caught it [Dr. Dre] A dose to the Mega Flex Yo, right about now we wanna give a shout out to everybody  That helped put this motherafuckin' project together [Cold 187Um] Yeah, I'd like to give a shout out to my homie KM.G Yo, DJ Total Koas, Go-Mack With The Sack and Lay Law [Dr. Dre] And you know that, I wanna give a shout out to my homie MC Ren Eazy-E the Hip-Hop Thuggster, my homie DJ Yella, The D.O.C. and Michel'le [KM.G] Yo, shouts goes out to Donovan Mic Home, Stan, Mike Sims, L.A. Dre, you know, and to Jerry [Dr. Dre] And you know that, brand shit Awww yeah, Mega thoughts, Law House Definitely, gotta give a shout out to every record they kick it kind of soft Law House, Hip-Hop [KM.G] Break the City, Above the Law, kickin' Lyrics, Above the Law [Dr. Dre] West Coast is takin' this shit over [KM.G] To the nineties, the nineties The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Above the Law f/ Dr. Dre Album: Living Like Hustlers  Song: Living Like Hustlers  Typed by: dy_face@hotmail.com  [Intro] (*Birds chirping*) (*Someone's snorting*) (*Sample of Alarm Clock's Ringing*) Awww shit!! [Dr. Dre]  Here we go, here we go Wake your motherfucking ass up This is Radio Station KM.G, 187 on your dail And what I want you to do is tune in at 5 O'clock and listen to the homeboys Total K-oss and Go-Mack, they'll gonna be rocking and banging them bitches on the traffic Jam Next stop be your music right after these messages [Skit: Commercial by White Boy] "Are you tired of looking whack? "Do you wanna look cool?" "Are you tired of people being in your business?" "Well, you need not worry again, get some locs" "That's right, some locs" "For amazically low price of $499" "Now, available to hear South Central liqour store" [Dr. Dre as A Radio Host] Yeah, this Radio station KM.G And whenever you wanna hear some funky shit, put your dail on 187 Now, some new music by some homeboys out of South Central Here's A.T.L, and they called this one Living Like Hustlers [Cold 187Um] Let me start it off, cause I'm a player Fade into part two, I'm the number one whore layer A mack, a player and a pimp Something much stronger than your average drink Now, correct me if I'm wrong, I'm like moonshine Take a sip of my rhyme and I'll take over your mind Cause I don't think like the average thinker Call me the nightstalker of your neighborhood head shrinker 187 is like a megablast I take too many names, I kick too much ass [KM.G] KM.G, the number one mack daddy Eating chicken like a motherfucker, rolling in my Caddy With my brim cold bent to the side, I bump and slide Go-Mack in the back, 187 to the side Street Pilgrims, pioneering the land Above the Law status, with a gat in my hand A mind designed like Frank Nitty Living large on the Mic, doing damage for the city The city of toners, which is known as L.A. Where the hustlers hustle and the ballers play We got the dope beats from the homeboy Dre And it had to be done (How?) the Ruthless way 187, what's up? What do we do at our show? [Cold 187Um] We wear black on black with the Locs and the Romeos Start stepping, unload my Mic weapon We say it's fitting, you think it's hitting K.M.G means Knowledge Most Greatly Some people like me, most people hate me In other words, I kick my gift Do you be sleeping, KM.G? No, I don't drift I lounge or lay, cause suckers take advantage Yo, what do we do to them? Yo, we're doing damage Cause we not punks, fools, sissies, or busters And the way that we live.. is like hustlers [Chorus: Dr. Dre] AWWWWWWWoow Ooohh Lord, living like the hustlers Ooohh Lord, living like the hustlers [Cold 187Um] I used to sell big lleyo on the block That when all the hardheads, gain on hard knocks I started with Gs and then I moved to keys And at this point my life went with ease In other words, my pockets was thick I didn't worry about the Feds, I was checking the mitt Pull a swoop to Farouk, got dressed to please Got the crib pimped out so that the bitches flee I bought a ride, "what Kind?"  A white Corvette So I can do a ghost move when it's time to jet [KM.G] When I was nineteen, I was on owned my home Hooked up big connections on my mobile phone At home, or maybe on my person To clock big Gs, I'd be definitely certain To live the lifestyle, the luxury, the freaks, the frills Yo, you was living kind of large, man On the real, deals was being made Suckers was getting sprayed In other words, we was getting paid Like hustlers [Chorus: Dr. Dre] AWWWWWWWoow, Ooohh Lord, living like the hustlers Ooohh Lord, living like the hustlers [Cold 187Um] Let me proceed, cause I got the green light For the numero uno 87, it must be hype For now, let me lay the cards on the table So you can figure out who's worried or stable I max and tax and relax and stack Gs Stick that to the facts, that's why I crack them with ease Please, get off the convoy, I think you're confused When you cross, I told you you'd get tossed, and you lose Now, A-B-O-V-E L-A-W, to some people Yo, that spells trouble But we're not a group promoting violence But when it comes to speaking the real, I won't be silent Speak all reality when I'm on the Mic So you don't have to run and have a stereotype See, see cause stereotypes will make you dumb So kick back and listen, yo, to the knowledge that's grump [KM.G] See, the law has provided me, the KM.G That's complex with the style but done easily Pitch a bitch if I have to, you know why? I'm undercover doing dirt, I'm a hell of a spy Now numero 187 is a detonator, deadly than a hand grenade Much harder than a fool to fade Not a Forty, not a Quart or a Six-pack Me, K.M.G, Total Kaos, and Go-Mack Cause I unload my weapon with force Yeah, I'm never detected, I live respected As a baller, a player or a pimp Yo, pass me the forty, I commence to dent [Cold 187Um] A sissy soft sucker with no title Unplug the machine, 187 is vital Like a Beretta, with a mega clip With a silencer on it, with the hollow point tip But that is our business, on that we won't dwell We make records for you to learn: Listen and Tell Tell your mammas, tell a friend, tell a fool or a jerk Tell them KM.G people it's time to put in some work Like Hustlers [Chorus: until fade] Woooo haaaa,  Oooh Lord, living like the hustlers Oooh Lord, living like the hustlers The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Above the Law f/ Dr. Dre Album: Vocally Pimpin' EP Song: Living Like Hustlers (G-Mixx) Typed by: dy_face@hotmail.com  [Intro/Chorus: Dr. Dre Scratching] AWWWWWWWoow woooooww  Ooohh Lord, living like the hustlers Ooohh Lord, living like the hustlers [Cold 187Um] Let me start it off, cause I'm a player Fade into part two, I'm the number one whore layer A mack, a player and a pimp Something much stronger than your average drink Now, correct me if I'm wrong, I'm like moonshine Take a sip of my rhyme and I'll take over your mind Cause I don't think like the average thinker Call me the nightstalker of your neighborhood head shrinker 187 is like a megablast I take too many names, I kick too much ass [KM.G] KM.G, the number one mack daddy Eating chicken like a motherfucker, rolling in my Caddy With my brim cold bent to the side, I bump and slide Go-Mack in the back, 187 to the side Street Pilgrims, pioneering the land Above the Law status, with a gat in my hand A mind designed like Frank Nitty Living large on the Mic, doing damage for the city The city of toners, which is known as L.A. Where the hustlers hustle and the ballers play We got the dope beats from the homeboy Dre And it had to be done (How?) the Ruthless way 187, what's up? What do we do at our show? [Cold 187Um] We wear black on black with the Locs and the Romeos Start stepping, unload my Mic weapon We say it's fitting, you think it's hitting K.M.G means knowledge most greatly Some people like me, most people hate me In other words, I kick my gift Do you be sleeping, KM.G? No, I don't drift I lounge or lay, cause suckers take advantage Yo, what do we do to them? Yo, we're doing damage Cause we not punks, fools, sissies, or busters And the way that we live.. is like hustlers [Cold 187Um] I used to sell big lleyo on the block That when all the hardheads, gain on hard knocks I started with Gs and then I moved to keys And at this point my life went with ease In other words, my pockets was thick I didn't worry about the Feds, I was checking the mitt Pull a swoop to Farouk, got dressed to please Got the crib pimped out so that the bitches flee I bought a ride, "what Kind?" a white Corvette So I can do a ghost move when it's time to jet [KM.G] When I was nineteen, I was on owned my home Hooked up big connections on my mobile phone At home, or maybe on my person To clock big Gs, I'd be definitely certain To live the lifestyle, the luxury, the freaks, the frills Yo, you was living kind of large, man On the real, deals was being made Suckers was getting sprayed In other words, we was getting paid Like hustlers [Cold 187Um] Let me proceed, cause I got the green light For the numero uno 87, it must be hype For now, let me lay the cards on the table So you can figure out who's worried or stable I max and tax and relax and stack Gs Stick that to the facts, that's why I crack them with ease Please, get off the convoy, I think you're confused When you cross, I told you you'd get tossed, and you lose Now, A-B-O-V-E L-A-W, to some people Yo, that spells trouble But we're not a group promoting violence But when it comes to speaking the real, I won't be silent Speak all reality when I'm on the Mic So you don't have to run and have a stereotype See, see cause stereotypes will make you dumb So kick back and listen, yo, to the knowledge that's grump [KM.G] See, the law has provided me, the KM.G That's complex with the style but done easily Pitch a bitch if I have to, you know why? I'm undercover doing dirt, I'm a hell of a spy Now numero 187 is a detonator, deadly than a hand grenade Much harder than a fool to fade Not a Forty, not a Quart or a Six-pack Me, K.M.G, Total K-OSS, and Go-Mack Cause I unload my weapon with force Yeah, I'm never detected, I live respected As a baller, a player or a pimp Yo, pass me the forty, I commence to dent [Cold 187Um] A sissy soft sucker with no title Unplug the machine, 187 is vital Like a Beretta, with a mega clip With a silencer on it, with the hollow point tip But that is our business, on that we won't dwell We make records for you to learn: Listen and Tell Tell your mammas, tell a friend, tell a fool or a jerk Tell them KM.G people it's time to put in some work Like Hustlers (*saxophone solo until fade*) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ant Banks f/ Dr. Dre, Slink Capone Album: Big Thangs Song: Cutaluff Typed by: fywhla@yahoo.com [Dr. Dre] Yo yo yo, what's up, this is Dr. Dre And we doin "Big Thangs" with my nigga Ant Banks from the Bom-Bay Yo drop some shit on 'em.. [Slink Capone] Now picture me, inebriated and livin' lavish in Paris In the summer it's uncountable numbers, steadily makin' cabbage Havin' seasonal vacations, only eighty degrees Got three bitches in the swimmin' pool thats waitin' for me But I can't let 'em be my downfall, they so seductive Clock my money first then I'll call, can't ever trust 'em Many niggaz that died died at the hands of a diva But you can fuck 'em and feed 'em, Slink Capone don't need 'em I'd rather live like Ebenezer with the house on the hills Let my cup runneth over my shoulders 'til it spills And fold bills, 'cause livin' life broke is constant misery I'd rather smoke weed on my boat and sip on Hennessy The federalies, they got a scope on my float Barcodes on my dome, shoot to kill Slink Capone If it's on it's on, let's get it goin' in the fifty states One-time can't touch me, I'm legit in the Cutaluff Keep your eyes on the prize Your hustle in disguise (Get yo' money player) Rumors, tales and lies Watch for jealous eyes (Coolin' in the Cutaluff) Keep your eyes on the prize Your hustle in disguise Rumors, tales and lies Watch for jealous eyes (In the Cutaluff...) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Big Kap + Funkmaster Flex f/ Dr. Dre, Eminem Album: The Tunnel Song: If I Get Locked Up Typed by: HieloOat@aol.com [Dr. Dre] Check Check, 1,2 , 1,2 1,2(it's rolling) Yea yea yea Dr. Dre up in here Y'all know what this is. its what y'all been waiting for Funk Master Flex, Big Kap, Def Jam Records giving it to you baby. Yo Eminem show these mother fuckers what time it is baby [Eminem] I used to be a lonely man, only mad, until I got a million dollars, shit Now if i only had some fucking hair I'd pull it, faster than a bullet out of Tupac's chest before the ambulance came too late to do it I'm trying to grow it back again, it was an accident I had my back against the fan and chopped it off in Amsterdam I hate the straight jacket it aint latching, and can't lock it so they stapled my hand to my pants pockets The cell's padded and battered like someone else had it before me, and just kept throwing they fucking selfs at it My head is aching, I'm dedicated to medication but this med is taking to long to bring me this sedadation? (Come on!) Anyway I got down with Dre (What up?)  The first man who taught me how the glock sounded to spray Running up and down the street screaming, "Fuck the Police" when you still had your mother's fucking Nipple stuck in your teeth (fucking baby) Became a role model after Colorado Now all they do is follow me around and holla Bravo! Hell yea I punch my bitch and beat my kids in public Suck my dick, bitch I'm sick enough to fuck a man in his face but I won't cause you'll probably wanna stand in his place So put a sock in it, with your fake-ass Tupac image You faggots ain't tough, you just get drunk and become talkative (Wanna Fight?) I'm probably the akwardest alcoholic talking Walking like a midget with a ladder in his back pocket So when you see me on your block stumbling, mumbling A bunch of dumb shit like my drunk uncle does I ain't buzzed, I'mm juss high on life So why on earth would I need drugs, when I can fly on kites? Motherfuckers, Slim Shady Dr Dre: Dr Dre! Eminem: I'm drunk pass the tec Chorus: Eminem and Dr. Dre (repeat 2X) Cause if I get locked up tonite! Then I might not come home tonite! [Dre]	Keep it moving! Off and on, Eminem is on 	Off and on, Dr. Dre is On [Eminem] The whole entire world can sit and twirl like a whirling tire I set a fucking girl on fire with a curling iron (AHH!) Psych I'm just joking, for christ sake Dont get so bent out of shape  cause I went out and raped six girlfriends Some people just don't get it, but I won't let it upset me cause they don't know better They don't know what the fuck its like to be so fed up and fed so many uppers you're down and won't get up My mind's got a mind of it's own, sometimes I can't find it at home it hides in the stove (Hello, where you at?) Shit, talk about your brain being baked My shit's still in the oven on 480 De-Grades Hailey Jade, daddy loves you baby, Don't ever tell me how to raise my daughter fuck you lady You critics wanna criticize but couldnt visualize individuals lives through a criminal's eyes The neighborhood that I grew up in you could die for nothing and Dirty Dozen watches over me so try some dumb shit I'll have a fucking man raped with a band-aid over his mouth and shove his head in the fan blade Don't ever tell me what I can and what I can't say or change cause of the age range in my fan base Like I give a fuck who's buying this shit Quit fucking buying it, I'm tired bitch, I'm dying to quit Hip Hop is universal now, it's all commercial now It's like a circle full of circus clowns up in the circuit now But now the white kids like it, so they tell me I can buy it but as soon as I get on the mic it's like the night get silent either that or booed, thats why I keep an attitude and go to sleep with it and wake up with it every afternoon I'm sick of being judged, fuck it let me see a judge I'll confess to every murder I committed since 3 years old Chorus [Dr. Dre] Fuck that, turn that shit off Let's get the fuck out of here You know how we do (echo) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Bilal f/ Dr. Dre, Jadakiss Album: Fast Lane 12" Song: Fast Lane (Video Remix) Typed by: UpToWNKiLLa181@aol.com * * send corrections to the typist [Bilal] La, la-la-li-la, la-la-li-la, la-la-li-la Yeah, oo-ooh, oh, oh Hey, livin it, in the, fast lane Drivin, fast broads, with the fast chains Ah, when you pimpin through life (life!) seen some people get caught up and some charges brought up wit some people they shot up  Hey, liiviiin theee, fast lane Drivin, fast broads, makin, fast change When you pimpin through life (ooh) Seen some people get caught up and some charges brought up wit some people they shot up Hey, there it goes again Different face, to the same old tragic end Who's to, blame, if you never saw it comin Yet they heard the boomer humin and he never thought of runnin It's too late, for him now, layin out, on the ground so cold, soooo cold; nothin much, to live up Too damn, it's so far gone (yeaah), sooo gooone Livin, in the, fast lane Drivin, fast broads, with your fast change When you pimpin through the life (life!) seen some people got caught up and some charges brought up from some people they shot up  Hey, tell me when will it end? Wit a baby, paays towards mother city (oohh!) Trapped inside, the four walls of a penty way too strong, waay too strong! (oh) Now she's out, in the cold dyin slow and the spoon still warm, whoa, heeeey! [Jadakiss] Aiyyo, I'm real wit my self and I'm true to my niggaz My only fear is what I might do to a nigga The fast lane gotcha man speedin It make me wanna load the thing-things up, and get even D block layin 'em down In the box hands crossed, same smirk he had playin around Still go to war wit the same eight and a pound This the remix nigga, 'Kiss, Dre and Bilal {*echoe*} [Dr. Dre] Too often, is a young nigga, in a coffin Tryin blossom, got shot down walkin, heh Bleek a high to hot guy, turned cold Bring the body bag, see the bullet hole and a burned soul Don't cry, he chose the life Fast lane, in the brain, he supposed to fight How you smile at a momma when she lost a child? This is realness, tell 'em how they livin, where you at Bilal? [Bilal] No, no, noo The way we livin, in the, fast lane Drivin, fast broads, wit yo', oh, fast change When you pimpin through the life, oooh yeah! Caught up, and some charges, brought up from some people you shot up, hey .. (This is another, Dr. Dre production) {*Bilal harmonizes and ad libs to fade*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Blackstreet f/ Dr. Dre, Queen Pen Album: Another Level Song: No Diggity Typed by: SKrachVYnl@aol.com, janis@betatesters.com Intro: Blackstreet NO DIGGITY! Yeah You know what I like the playettes No diggity, no doubt Play on playette Play on playette Yo Dre, drop the verse Verse One: Dr. Dre It's going down Fade to Blackstreet The homies got at me, collab creations, bump like acne No doubt - I put it down, never slouch As long as my credit can vouch A dog couldn't catch me staying out Tell me who could stop when Dre makin' moves Attracting honies like a magnet Giving em eargasms with my mellow accent Still moving his flavor With the homies Blackstreet and Teddy The original rump shakers Verse Two: Blackstreet Shorty get down, good Lord Baby got em up open all over town Strictly biz, she don't play around Cover much grounds, got game by the pound Getting paid is her forte' Each and every day, true player way I can't get her out of my mind I think about the girl all the time East side to the west side Pushin' phat rides, it's no surprise She got tricks in the stash Stacking up the cash Fast when it comes to the gas By no means average She's on when she's got to have it Baby, you're a Perfect Ten, I wanna get in Can I get down so I can win Chorus: repeat 4X I like the way you work it No diggity, I got to bag it up, bag it up Verse Three: Blackstreet She's got class and style Street knowledge, by the pound Baby never act wild Very low key on the profile Catching feelings is a no Let me tell you how it goes Herb's the word, spin's the verb  Lovers it curves so freak what you heard Rolling with the phatness You don't even know what the half is You gotta pay to play Just for shorty, bang-bang, to look your way I like the way you work it Trumped tight, all day, every day You're blowing my mind, maybe in time Baby, I can get you in my ride Chorus Interlude:  Hey yo, hey yo, hey yo, hey yo  Hey yo, that girl looks good  Hey yo, hey yo, hey yo, hey yo  Play on, play on playette  Hey yo, hey yo, hey yo, hey yo  You're my kind of girl, no diggity  Hey yo, hey yo, hey yo, hey yo  Hey Verse Four: Queen Pen Cause that's my peeps and we rolls deep Flying first class from New York City to Blackstreet What you know about me, not a motherfucking thing Cartier wooded frames sported by my shorty As for me, icy gleaming pinky diamond ring We be's the baddest clique upon this scene Ain't you getting bored with these fake ass broads I shows and proves, no doubt, I be diggin you, so Please excuse, if I come across rude That's just me and that's how the playettes got to be Stay kicking game with a capital G Ask the peoples on my block, I'm as real as can be Word is bond, faking moves never been my thing So Teddy, pass the word to your nigga Chauncey I'll be sending a car, let's say around 3:30 Queen Pen and Blackstreet, it's no diggity Chorus The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Toni Braxton f/ Dr. Dre Album: The Heat Song: Just Be a Man About It Typed by: compbuttons@hotmail.com [* Rain and Thunder *] [Dr. Dre] Hey, hey hold up a minute Let me stop up here and use this pay phnoe real quick [* Telephone dialing * ] [* Sighs *] Hey, hey Toni, it's me, I was just calling ya know Just calling to let you know, don't wait up for me tonight I mean I just got a lot of things on my mind I gotta think about, you know Just umm, I'll be over Brian's house You know, just for tonight I mean, I know things are different, but you know It's not you, it's me, you know, it's really me, you know And basically, I just think I'ma need some space [Toni Braxton] Why you calling me on the phone Why you're not at home on time You say you're staying over your friends Cause you've got a lot on your mind Now you're swearing up and down that it ain't me So you say that things have changed So tell me what exactly does it mean When you say you need your space Just don't make no excuses, no no Why you gotta lie to me (Just be a man about it) Baby, you don't gotta lie to me, no (Just be a man about it) If you wanna leave (Why do you wanna leave) go on (Just be a man about it) Come and grab your things (So come and get your things and leave) And go on right now, whoo (Just be a man about it) Yeah, yeah, yeah [Dr. Dre] I mean, you gotta understand I love you You know what I'm saying And I love you enough to say that I think I think you deserve somebody better than me, you know And right now, I can't give you what you need, you know I mean, I wanna love you and I'm gonna love you One day but you know... I mean, you just gotta understand where I'm coming from [Toni Braxton] You say right now that you're not what I'm looking for And what you really need is time to grow You're promising that one day you may come around And I'm supposed to let that go But where the hell do you get off Telling me your mama said I'm not what you need Tell you what, since she knows it all Then that's where you need to be Just don't make no excuses, no no Why you gotta lie to me (Just be a man about it) (Baby you ain't gotta lie to me, no no no) Baby, you don't gotta lie to me, no (Just be a man about it) (If you wanna leave, go right now) Why do you wanna leave (Just be a man about it) (Come and get your things and go baby) So come and get your things and leave (Just be a man about it) [Toni Braxton] Can you tell me how You can say you're in love And then treat me so bad Boy, you know it just ain't right I cannot believe the way you handled things You want to lie If you were a man... [Chorus to fade] Why you gotta lie to me (Just be a man about it) (Just be a man about it baby) You don't gotta lie to me (Just be a man about it) (You ain't gotta lie to me, no no baby) Why do you wanna leave (Just be a man about it) (If you wanna go grab your things and leave now) So come and get your things and leave (Just be a man about it) (Don't wanna stay, don't wanna be no more lying) (If you wanna go on and leave, just be a man about it) Why you gotta lie to me (Just be a man about it) (You ain't gotta be here so leave no) You don't gotta lie to me (Just be a man about it) (Baby just be a man whoo) Why do you wanna leave (Just be a man about it) So come and get your things and leave (Just be a man about it) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Horace Brown f/ Dr. Dre Album: Shake it Up 12" Song: Shake it Up Typed by: dy_face@hotmail.com [Intro: Dr. Dre] That's Hot!! Uhha!! (*Sampler from Dr. Dre's Nuthin But a G Thang*) [Chorus: Horace Brown] "Shake it up" Shake it up in the club Do it girl like you're Making love "Get Love" hands up in the air Wave them like you just don't care "Spread Love" it's the Brooklyn way Pass the Mot and the Aliz "Tear it up" it's what I wanna do  When I'm loving you [Verse One: Horace Brown] Mmm, to my surprise, I can't believe my eyes  You look so hot, you're making my temperature rise Your sexy body has got me wishing  For your loving and some French kissing  Jeffrey Adverizt, I want to play it But here's what I wanna do I wanna drive you crazy, wanna drive you crazy We'll be riding my Mercedes, ride ride  Won't you be my lady, won't you be my lady  Kill that attitude, kill that attitude, baby [Chorus: Horace Brown] [Verse Two: Horace Brown] Youuuu'rrrre the perfect size I love your roomy thighs  Your lightened top, you got me hypnotized I want to Rendezvous at the Eiffel Tower  And I see you in about an hour  If you make that a bet, you won't regret Cause here's what I'm gonna Do I wanna drive you crazy, Sugar Sugar  We'll be riding my Mercedes, Ride Ride  To be my lady, to be my lady  Kill that attitude, kill that attitude, baby [Chorus: Horace Brown]  [Interlude #2: Horace Brown] Gonna do, loving you, yooouuu Yeah yeah, gonna do, I'm gonna do I wanna drive you crazy oohh We'll be riding my Mercedes  To be my lady, to be Miiine  Kill that attitude, kill that attitude, baby [Chorus: Horace Brown w/ minor variations until faded] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Horace Brown f/ N.W.A. Album: Shake it Up 12" Song: Shake it Up (Remix) Typed by: dy_face@hotmail.com [Intro: MC Ren] If it ain't rough, it ain't me! Here's a gangster in black and he's about to attack! If it ain't rough, it ain't me! Let me bust a freestyle here! [Interlude #1: Dr. Dre] Alright then [Chorus: Horace Brown] "Shake it up" Shake it up in the club Do it girl like you're Making love "Get Love" hands up in the air Wave them like you just don't care "Spread Love" it's the Brooklyn way Pass the Mot and the Aliz "Tear it up" it's what I wanna do  When I'm loving you [Verse One: Horace Brown] Mmm, to my surprise, I can't believe my eyes  You look so hot, you're making my temperature rise Your sexy body has got me wishing  For your loving and some French kissing  Jeffrey Adverizt, I want to play it But here's what I wanna do I wanna drive you crazy, wanna drive you crazy We'll be riding my Mercedes, ride ride  Won't you be my lady, won't you be my lady  Kill that attitude, kill that attitude, baby [Chorus: Horace Brown] [Verse Two: MC Ren] I can tell..  That you're afraid to fight me (Uhha) Simple because you lost the crowd and they had to invite me  Because your sweat is a Puddle  But there's a puddles of sweat, I'm a threat  So get a cold rag and wipe your neck (Uhha) And clean the dirt off your face that calls Acne  [Dr. Dre:] That's Hot!! It's ridiculous thinking that you can jack me  This is the Round; Where the punch will go  Until your A-G-A-T is known as a blow [Verse Two: Horace Brown] Youuuu'rrrre the perfect size I love your roomy thighs  Your lightened top, you got me hypnotized I want to Rendezvous at the Eiffel Tower  And I see you in about an hour  If you make that a bet, you won't regret Cause here's what I'm gonna Do I wanna drive you crazy, Sugar Sugar  We'll be riding my Mercedes lady, Ride Ride  To be my lady, to be my lady  Kill that attitude, kill that attitude, baby [Chorus: Horace Brown]  [Interlude #2: Horace Brown] Gonna do, loving you, yooouuu Yeah yeah, gonna do, I'm gonna do [Interlude #3: Dr. Dre] Man, what you gonna do now? I wanna drive you crazy oohh We'll be riding my Mercedes  To be my lady, to be Miiine  Kill that attitude, kill that attitude, baby [Chorus: Horace Brown X2]  [Overlapping the above Chorus] Gonna do, loving you, yeah Yeah, gonna Do, loving you, you, yooouuu The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: C.I.A. (Dr. Dre, Ice Cube, Kid Dee, Sir Jinx) Album: Prime Kuts Vol. 2 Song: Ill-Legal Typed by: jostmatt@bluewin.ch (The names have been changed to protect the innocent) [Dr. Dre] Ah yeah Right about now C.I.A. is in effect My name is Dr. Dre their producer And we gon' cold get retarted A little somethin like this [Kid Dee]  All the guys act eerie (why?) I don't know Cause I am Darryl (but I'm not Joe) [Ice Cube] Posse 1 to the mic, Ice Cube (that's you) [Kid Dee] (Kid Dee) that's me, I'm Posse 2 [Ice Cube] Sir Jinx is without a doubt Posse 3 3rd to the cut, boy, evidently [Kid Dee] Funky fresh, freshly-funky Kid Dee is coldly-coolin And my boys, we bust out on the west cause I am rulin it Schoolin it, boy, and you don't want none Much like a 808 because my bass hums [Ice Cube] I am ill gettin iller, Ice Cube is illustratin it A brand new cut, keep the b-boys hatin it Don't get paid, but that's alright I got the riches of a king when I hold the mic [Kid Dee] Ill-legal gettin busy, a strong black villain Ice Cube (Sir Jinx) Kid Dee (what - chillin) Yeah (West Coast style) (The names have been changed to protect the innocent) (Word) [Ice Cube] Now Ice Cube's gettin busy, my girls are dizzy Always on the scene with the schoolyard skizzy Posse 2 playin, def rhyme-sayin And at the Snooty Fox is where I'm stayin [Kid Dee] ????????, pizza man-jacking Always in a daze and my mouth keeps yapping Crenshaw dweller, mix tape seller Cute with the loot plus I'm a fresh fella [Ice Cube] G-g-g-girlie abuser, 8Ball user I hold the title of the Crenshaw cruiser Bark like a beagle, word's ill-legal Fuck Boy [edited] and drive-by Seagal [Kid Dee] Kool-Aid I guzzle which makes me puzzled Moms on my tip, bought her a new muzzle Ugly girls shakin, miniskirt-takin Ice Cube (oh yeah) Kid Dee's money-makin (Hold it) (Go) (go) (go) (go) (go) (L.A. is the place) (Ah yeah) (4 and) (3 and) (2 and) (1) (what up)	--> Beastie Boys [Ice Cube] Had the girlies here early morning, all of them fine Pushing and shoving, wasn't even in line Out here to see me do my thing Car stopped, door opened, out steps the king Buggin and sluggin, to wreck the car You know why, Kid Dee, cause I'm a rap star Girl kissed my hand and fell to her knees Said, "Hold it everybody, no autographs please" [Kid Dee] Well me I'm Kid Dee, I stepped out next I don't smoke but I'm down for music and sex I'm the big star and it ain't no thing Let facts be facts, I'm down with the king Tryin not lyin, I keep my profile low And wouldn't you know they still ripped my clothes Knocked me off my feet, right on my seat Girls caused a riot, bodyguards got beat (Is that right?) [Sir Jinx] Now Jinx was last to hit the party Girls was touchin all on my body Suckin and grabbin, ripped and torn The crew was bonin out to the backstage door Females went nuts, pinchin my butt Funky fresh Filas kicked the door shut Huffin and puffin cause we ran far [all] So we rushed the dressing room with the biggest star Ill-legal, y'all (West Coast style)	--> C.I.A. (Raised in L.A.)		--> Ice-T (From L.A.) (The names have been changed to protect the innocent) (Word) [Kid Dee] He is so conceited but he don't show it [Ice Cube] Who me Ice Cube? (Word up) You know it Broke my leg and I had to hobble Still did the wop, still quick to squabble [Kid Dee] Well, I'm jammin not slammin, don't give a goddamn and When I go out to eat it's caviar not salmon (Why not?) Cause it's in stereo [both] And when we perform, here's how it goes [Ice Cube] Now Jinx's out first, cause that's our style But when my Filas hit the stage, the crowd went wild Jinx cuts the beat cause he's the band I grab the microphone and I throw the mic stand [Kid Dee] I threw my hands high cause I need to be seen I go second to the mic cause that's the routine I introduced him and he'd do it for me Yo, that's Ice Cube (and that's Kid Dee) Yo The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: C.I.A. (Dr. Dre, Ice Cube, K-Dee, Sir Jinx) Album: My Posse 12" / Prime Kuts Vol. 1 Song: Jus 4 the Cash $ Typed by: dy_face@hotmail.com [Inrto: Dr. Dre Scratching and Cutting quote below] I know you gonna dig this.... [Verse One: Ice Cube] Fly girls and fools each and every night Crowd rocking rhymes, boy, that's alright Treated like a star as you can see But just rhyming for the cash money Keep the crowd rocking for about B.G. New best believe that's C-O-D Suckers like you don't make no dense Cause it's all about making those Dollars and sense Girls on my jack, when I'm up the stage Reports trying to cluck, put me on the front page C.I.A. in back of me, and cash money is all specialty Boys In The Hood keep trying to dig All girl friends think their heads is big Promoters at the show trying to run that bull' But odds got pull, get paid in full Gold easy record cause you know it's mine Clean my skiee-so with the FU sign Rapping all the time on the US Mitt Plus, ring and bring Dead Presidents TV elect, just want respect Show me a cheque, I will break your neck Hardcore, L.A. not like the past I rap just for the cash.. MONEY!! [Break: Dr. Dre + all Chanting "cash Money"] I like money, man Cash money, man Keep it all with me And I like that money with me Cash money, man.. I know you gonna dig this.... [Verse Two: K-Dee] Homeboy rocked the Mic like no one else K-Dee introduce yourself, get bounce Dre rocks the beats, Jinx gets ill for my Posse Ice Cube writes the rhymes to kill the show Me breaking freaks, making dough I was the King of teasers there on attack You turned the wax, up to the macks Girls in the place, to get me laid Rhyme Zones the ace, make sure I'm paid C.I.A. not with the dumps Get more attention from the Me Me Amp West L.A. is where I'm from, not a bum I didn't cum Get some green by the leopard blues Don't wear snickers, they'll get you around the way Think I must ill, cause I love to chill with that dollar bill Where I go I make that dough Cold stop at reporter, get toss pesos Ill, L.A. not like the past I rap just for the cash.. MONEY!! [Break: Dr. Dre + all Chanting "cash Money"] I like money, man Cash money, man Keep it all easy in my fist And I like that money with me Cash money, man.. I know you gonna dig this.... [Interlude] [Ice Cube] Posse 3 [Sir Jinx] Cold rocking the microphone [Ice Cube] Posse 3 [Sir Jinx] Awwww yeah, I hold my own [Ice Cube] Posse 3 [Sir Jinx] Check it out, cause here I go [Ice Cube] Posse 3 [Sir Jinx] Cold making that dough [Ice Cube] YOU KNOW!! [Verse Three: Sir Jinx] Hip-Hop rhymes for the cash money Sometimes a DJ, sometimes an Emcee Turned to the cut, but that's alright Getting paid everyday, getting laid at night More money made, the more money spent Making more money than the US Mitt Kick up the bass if you hip to get paying Aim to get rich, if you know what I'm saying Calling me a punk, you ain't making a cent Reaching in your pocket, boy, you're snatching up lent  A.O.A got the beat going, cuts and rhymes keep the cash flowing Dre is the producer, give the knowledge to him Bass pumping so HARD leave the place in dim  If Barley was rapping, you knew, he'll get ripped Cause I'm holding down L.A. like a vice grip It's money, honey, that's no mistake Keep Filas on my feet, big mack on plaque Gold on my fist, my pocket's getting fat "Why?" - it's like that, it's in my contract Hip to play if you're hipped to pay  Jinx's spelling with.. a capital J Death in L.A. not like the past I rap just for the cash.. MONEY!! [Break: Dr. Dre + all Chanting "cash Money"] I like money, man Cash money, man Keep it all easy in my fist And I like that money with me Cash money, man.. I know you gonna dig this.... (*Crowd Went Nuts*) [Outro] [Ice Cube] That was def, yeah, yeah, that was def [Sir Jinx] Yo, can we can paid in this mothafucker.. [Dr. Dre] Rewind it, rewind it, let me hear it [Sir Jinx] Awww, is it still going?! [Dr. Dre] That's cool, that's cool The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: George Clinton f/ Dr. Dre, Ice Cube, KAM, MC Breed, Public Enemy, Pupa Curley, Yo-Yo Album: Hey Man... Smell My Finger Song: Paint the White House Black Typed by: dy_face@hotmail.com [Ice Cube] One, two, three and I come with the wicked White house, lights out Boom boom boom with the Bop Gun Looks like I dropped one I'm top gun, so picture..  (Picture this, paint a picture, picture perfect, paint a perfect picture) Bill Clinton (Picture this, paint a picture, picture perfect, paint a perfect picture) (*Phone Beaping*) Here we go y'all [George Clinton] Paint the White House black, brown [Dr. Dre] Ha ha, yeah, what's up? What's boppin? This is Dr. Dre callin' from Chronic Control Could I speak to the president? Awww, yeah, just tell him he was smokin' last night at the club You know what I'm sayin? What? - he don't inhale? Well I know, I got the wrong motherfuckin' house Did somebody beap me from there? [George Clinton] Colors don't clash, people just do Color me happy next to you Aww, just like it should, there goes the Neighborhood That is what they'd have us believe [Chorus: George Clinton] Paint the White House black, brown Paint the White House.. (*Sample of Police Sirens*) Paint the White House black, brown Paint the White House, black... [George Clinton] Uhhhh lookin' through a view of views Seein' what they want you to Blinded by the flames of friendly fire  And then they sat there like a dope Until they choked from all that smoke From behind a smoke screen of the patriotic liars [Dr. Dre] Aiyyo, well check this out If you talked to George Clinton Tell him I'll catch him at the next plateau with the bomb You know what I'm sayin? It's not the pretendo but the endo And I'll be droppin' some straight Chronic at his front door [Chorus: George Clinton with Ice Cube and Pupa Curley] Paint the White House black, brown Paint the White House.. (Cause white ain't right, so get the flashlight) Paint the White House black, brown (No matter what creed, no matter what color) Paint the White House.. [Flavor Flav] Now, check this out [Chuck D] Yo yo Flavor man, we could kick like this Yo, we could kick it man, yo, word up, man Yo, check this out man You know, the homeboys in Detroit, in Minneapolis, in L.A. In New York and down in D.C. man They got the system in the back and boomin' it But they don't know what we're sayin' But the homeboys know what we're sayin' You know what I'm sayin?  Yo, check Yo-Yo [Yo-Yo]  If love ain't got nothin' to do with it then keep it Ain't no big secret, we all know the reason People change everyday but life stays the same  One big game, ain't a damn thing changed A woman's got to do what a woman's got to do Be a mackstress, don't let these mackers mack you So I get caught up in it, I'm stressin' and tried  The man who runs the joint gets me higher It can be a White House, a black house It can be a crack house, an out house If it ain't the right house, go get your army gears baby  We got a fight, they ain't gonna set aside another night  (*Sample of Police Sirens*) It's so bad that Los Angeles, is so scandalous Give me somebody, who can handle us Yo-Yo is on the top of things So uhh.. color me mad, I'm ready for a change [MC Breed] I done came up short, one time too many Yet a brother got to be comin' out his nickles  And countin' up his last pennies Buyin' brushes and bum rushin' homey's greenery Many envy but a hill of beans is what it means to me Leave it up to me, I'm paintin' the White House black There ain't no future in your frontin' So why the hell you're frontin' jack? It'll either change or we're gonna change it "Yeah, it's gettin' old" Usin' everything, from spray cans to charcoal Put them up, then put the crew up on discharge Leavin' wet paint signs in the front yard [Flavor Flav] Yo George, these people crazy man They don't even know what I'm sayin' [George Clinton] Awwwwww airbrushed and colorized  Just changed right before our eyes, real as visualized In every frame and let the love shine from the right house  Be in the black, red or white house Through our fear the puppeteer can pull our strings Whoaahh, well alright, again I say or say can you see The puppeteer pull the strings of you and me from the White House The out house of territorial conquest The HUD House, the pro-this, the anti-that White against black, the right to life versus pro-choice [KAM] I pledge allegiance to the flag  Being all I could never be.. KAM READ HIS TOE TAG Yeah, this is USA-K all day and you can't interrupt  Lay back, WATT'S UP Stars and stripes for Tarzan types  Got brothers like me behind bars and on pipes Damn, I'm gettin' took for a trip  They got me seein' stars from the club and stripes from the whip Why must you all be like that? I ain't into politics, so skip them white-collared tricks They never did us no good To hell with the space shuttle, put some money in the hood And make jobs, let's mob up to the capitol  Then we ain't got to rap at all Power To The People and the only way to get free Is the J-to-the-U-S-T-I-C-E [George Clinton w/ KAM] Picture this, paint a picture, picture perfect, paint a perfect picture Y'all can't stop the bum rush, so get the paint brush It's time for a change Paint the White House black, brown [Dr. Dre] Yo, listen to the real Clinton "WHO BILL CLINTON?" Hell no, I'm talkin' about George Clinton [George Clinton] Paint the White House black, brown [Pupa Curley] All one blood, only a different color  And in a dis ya time, you have to help your neighbor  Look at the downtown area, no food to eat, no shelter Them people have to live in a house made of paper And when it rains it falls through like a sift wire Hunger deh hunger, all over about time  All of us come together Ice Cube, Dr. Dre, N.W.A, Flavor Flav, Chuck D Public Enemy, Flea, Anthony stirrin' up the Chili Yo-Yo, KAM and Breed, Prince and Pupa that's me [Ice Cube] One, two, three and I come with the wicked Boom boom boom with the Bop Gun, looks like I dropped one You can get with this or you can get with it Got to peel his cap, who's the mack? Shit, I'll paint the White House black [Hook: George Clinton & Pupa Curley] Picture this, paint a picture, picture perfect, paint a perfect picture Picture this, paint a picture, picture perfect, paint a perfect picture Picture this, paint a picture, picture perfect, paint a perfect picture Picture this, paint a picture, picture perfect, paint a perfect picture Paint the White House black, brown (No matter what creed or what color) Paint the White House.. (With God by my side we're gonna change this power) Picture this, paint a picture, picture perfect, paint a perfect picture Paint the White House black, brown Picture this, paint a picture, picture perfect, paint a perfect picture Paint the White House.. Paint the White House black, brown (Red, white, or blue, purple or whatever) Paint the White House.. (I won't even care if it's Technicolor) Paint the White House black, brown (No matter what creed or what color) Paint the White House.. (With God by my side we're gonna change this power) Picture this, paint a picture, picture perfect, paint a perfect picture Paint the White House black, brown Picture this, paint a picture, picture perfect, paint a perfect picture Paint the White House... [Flavor Flav] You understand what I'm sayin? Cause that's the way it be Because his name George and his last name begins with a "C" [George Clinton] Picture this, paint a picture, picture perfect, paint a perfect picture [Ice Cube] Yeah, George Clinton, Nineteen ninety Tre Droppin' on your punk ass motherfuckers and that's how we do it You know what I'm sayin? yeah [George Clinton] Paint the White House black, brown Those who oppose to be leveled up next to this  I ain't the devil, this ain't The Exorcist  Worse than a nightmare, you don't have to sleep on wink  The pain the mind gets everytime you think  Flashbacks, interfere, you start to hear  P-Funk in your ear [Dr. Dre] Ha yeah, what's up? This is Dr. Dre callin' from Chronic Control Peace and hair grease, I'm ouuuuuuut! (*Phone hanged up*) Damn!! [Flavor Flav] Aiyyo, 'Dre was Panasonic, what's up now? The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Devin the Dude f/ Dr. Dre Album: Bust One Fo Y'all - Vol. II (Mixtape) Song: Bust One 4 YA (Live) * Typed by: dy_face@hotmail.com * Originally performed on Dr. Dre's "UP In The Smoke Tour"  Las Vagas, NV at Thomas and Mack Center, August 11, 2000  [Intro: Dr. Dre] Alright, well check it We found, a friend of us Straight outta Houston, Texus He's representing Rap-A-Lot Records and shit He goes by the name of Devin, Devin the Dude And we brought him along Just to sing, a little song for all the ladies out there LADIES MAKE SOME NOISE!! Yeah, yo Devin, you gonna do this song for them? Yeah, bust that.. bust that shit for them [Devin the Dude] Hey, hey what do you say? Tell me have you ever been fucked this way? Hoo hoo, what you gon' do; When I shove this dick in you? Hee hee, what do you see? Have you ever saw big nuts like these? Ho ho, what do you know? Let me bust one of them and then go * from this line Dr. Dre's Fuck YOU beats started to come in The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DJ Muggs f/ Dr. Dre, B-Real Album: Soul Assassins Song: Puppet Master Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Dr. Dre] I spark like a blunt's tip, somethin cavi Makin Greene like Mitch, gives rap vocals dispatch With every attempt, to have this game shook up When Dre cook up, every thug look up Chronic got me on tilt, eyes bloodshot, heavy built Lay a nigga out like quilt, clear to gill I rock for rollers, from lowriders to Henny toasters Cut off dead weight to keep my formulas kosher Accept no imitations Dre losin his stack Is slim as chances, of Michael Jackson gettin his black fans back My reputation's like a Tec-9 Knock out the best in a circle, three minutes wreck time See the hand is faster than the eye can chase it Dre, B-Real, Soul Assassins got potential buttons activated No illusion I have you caught up in the rapture Executive decisions from the motherfucking puppet masters [B-Real] You are the puppet, I pull your string, I'm makin moves I'm the master, causing you to do what you do (repeat 4X) [Dre] Puppet masters (repeat 2X) [B-Real] We're pullin strings, killin kings countin all pinky rings, seizin control of the whole game I took a pull from the blunt, inhaled it blew the smoke from my lungs into the world of hip-hop Civilians turn into soldiers by the millions Assassins, we multiply, by the masses Masters of the game (checkmate nigga!) every move you make Through manipulation is the move I choose for you to take You see, what I want you to see And you turn into whatever I want you to be Whatever it be, enemy or ally The Aftermath results in Soul Assassins, worldwide From coast to coast, I got soldiers on post Injectin you, with the high funk overdose Dre and the Hill, stayin Real All you non-believin ass niggaz, get your cap peeled Executive order make your time shorter get your recorder, play it back, puff your chronic sack Your mind body and soul have been captured And taken captive, by the motherfuckin puppet masters [B-Real] You are the puppet, I pull your string, I'm makin moves I'm the master, causing you to do what you do (repeat 4X) [Dre] Puppet masters (repeat 2X) The Soul Assassin button has now been activated Dr. Dre and B-Real are providin the verbal abuse Any unauthorized duplication without the consent of my nigga Muggs may be fatal... That's right, this is comin to you directly from the Hill y'all All rights reserved The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DJ Quik f/ Dr. Dre, Mimi Album: Under Tha Influence/Training Day Soundtrack Song: Put it on Me Typed by: quik_2_kurupt@hotmail.com [Dr. Dre] Y'all ready to get dirty? Do y'all really wanna get X-rated? Heh, bottoms up [Mimi] Just hit me up when you need Sex, endo and Hennessey Won't you just put it on me I just want yo company (Come on baby) Put it on me Relax and come chill with me Kick back I got what you need Won't you just put it on me [Dr. Dre] We back, we mack, stay blunted Knee pads, yo hoes they wanted Penthouse two o'clock eleven hundred It aint no fun if I can't reroute your hoes in this direction Swerve in the intersection, I'm done she restin No question, done session Home wreckin, Doc motherfuckin Dre no guessin Nothin less than, I mess when I'm sexin Bang on the block Even Asian bitches like to bang cock Draws drop, she bunny hops On it like a pro, she comes out the clothes [DJ Quik] But, uh, she flips the dildos Whether in the Pumps, Nikes or the steel toes Dre, you can spot it in the benzos Squawtin real low, got me drivin real slow, she's a real ho And even though her parents spent the fat chip On that private school chip She graduated, got some thug dick and flipped No more checkered sweater, vest and plaid skirts She's out here naked more or less and that hurts But she's in good hands, cause Suga Free palmin He sent her to the Sheraton with Thomas If you need 'em they at 310-629-9755 You hit 'em and they let you know when she's arrived Oh she okay she just runnin an errand With this Portuguese dime piece named Karen Bouncin through the mall, spottin 'em all A sucker for a dick sucker ready to fall For a daughter like yours Got him pattin his pocket and comin out his drawers Layin his jacket on puddles, openin the doors All for what? Because I promised her my name gave her the game and still aint fucked [Mimi] Just hit me up when you need Sex, endo and Hennessey Won't you just put it on me I just want yo company  (Come on baby) Put it on me Relax and come chill with me Kick back I got what you need Won't you just put it on me (Come on baby) Put it on me Fuck everybody let's just go (Come on baby) We can get drunk, have some fun and blow some smoke (Come on baby) My spot is close, c'mon lets roll (Don't trip) I'll keep it on a low, ahh [DJ Quik] Now we just kickin back playin on some PS2 Contemplatin the game Dre and me best do If you feelin froggies then leave when we test you But I'm guaranteein you bitches leavin three less two Never mind what that love and hate one pairs do Y'all just snicker at that hooker when we all pass through Dr. Dre and DJ Quik will probly outlast you You're like see-trough pair of boxers nigga yo ass trough [Dr. Dre] Bitch, you need some good dick, I got that too Speed bag the clit, leave it black and blue Time of yo live, I got that boo Creep late nights up in hotel rooms We drank, eat shrooms Kill something, crank the volume Fuck in every room You know your home girl want it, Tag team bitch Why you being dick greedy? Tag team bitch When she cums, she drips on mattresses Bedroom time comes I handle shit Wifey caught up me nigga That's yo bitch, that's yo biz That's show biz, that's how hoes is With or without kids Long as you keeping it on a hush she ridin dick Aint been satisfied much, she's been fakin That's why she callin me, guess what she's sayin [Mimi] Just hit me up when you need Sex, endo and Hennessey Won't you just put it on me I just want yo company  (Come on baby) Put it on me Relax and come chill with me Kick back I got what you need Won't you just put it on me (Come on baby) Put it on me Fuck everybody let's just go (Come on baby) We can get drunk, have some fun and blow some smoke (Come on baby) My spot is close, c'mon lets roll (Don't trip) I'll keep it on a low, ahh The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The D.O.C. Album: No One Can Do It Better Song: The D.O.C. and the Doctor Typed by: scott_rodkey@hotmail.com Yo Dre let's kick it on the one, black, and we don't stop Making records that people are cold checking and respecting and It rocks, the sales won't stop, those of the Doctor... And I'm the diggy diggy D.O.C. y'all, pumping it yes y'all D.O.C. on the set we're kicking fresh y'all Letting the bass G-O and full with soul so I can wait Leaving the rest to DJ Dr. Dre It's the diggy diggy D.O.C. y'all When I hear a bass drum I gotta get dumb, but some Think it's a fable and label me not able to come Correct, so I cold jet back to my room And invent something to compliment the boom Of a kick, cause I want it all like in Monopoly The great make not a mistake, make sure it's properly done Strictly for public satisfaction So you're in awe when I'm in action Cause all we do, from me to you, is a song Strong, bump intention tumping system is born I deliver, somthing to shiver you peak level And if you want it deep, yo Dre go get a shovel And you're bumping, your speakers rattle This is all over the world, but without a saddle Light the twice, I hype the mic, make it dumb And Dre is the engineer, but I'm the drum It's the diggy diggy D.O.C. y'all I want you to turn up the radio, listen to the lyrics And I let the bass go so you can hear it Bumping, your speakers are thumping, dig it, yeah you like it You know the album? Get it And I'll keep producing and inducing A rhythm with a style that makes you get loose and Sweat, cause I'm as good as you've gotten yet Some said they can handle, you wanna bet? And I don't understand the misconseption Think that if you make it, you go in one direction When you're in flight, yo, you gotta fly high So you were born, so you die It's all evolution, here's the rule Evolve, my meaning, enroll in a new school Adn learn the tricks that makes the mix dumb Then be certain to keep suckers hurting when it comes to a drum It's the diggy diggy D.O.C. y'all Yo! And now your eardrums are cold full of the big beat But you're attatched, like ankles are to feet So you listen, and as it play you pump it louder But to your speakers you're sparking some gunpowder Check it for a second, listen and behold the Great as I open your mind like a folder Down with the science, I'm rocking like a musical So when you're listening, you're seeing me and Dre cold sweating cause you know we're like striving For number 1, not number 4 and number 5 and Nothing can mean more than to make it last a lifetime In the middle of his mix and my rhyme Never been in need now that Dre is on the cut You may think I speak of music but I dream of coming up Rolling to the homies in the city getting dumb The sound of the D-O to the C and the drum Yo, it's the diggy diggy D.O.C. y'all Dre, drop it, it's the diggy diggy D.O.C. y'all Is that a yes y'all? (Repeat 4x) Fresh, for those that know, peace The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The D.O.C. f/ Dr. Dre, Six Two Album: Deuce Song: Gorilla Pympin' Typed by: dy_face@hotmail.com  [Six Two] Big baller, on fly diggy, black four fifty Quickly run into your city like a gypsy I kept a half an ounce of buddah to get the cash and bounce 51 mansion, I ain't stopped to see who doin' the askin' All these player haters doin' this blastin' So while these fools' words be heated like passion I'm gon' catch end, what? - I'm workin' with the full grip Ain't no future in that bullshit So I pull shit, off like a presidential Sniff, stay illegal like the governmental Fake is back at it, all the time Got my shit lookin' bright like the shoes shine Rub you off like the massage when I'm on the grind Cause in my mind, you better get yours, cause I'ma get mine fool [Chorus: Dr. Dre] Stackin' them bricks got you trippin' Them cookies and them cakes got you slippin' A flock of birds got you in the yard simpin' While me be gettin' cheers and ?? all day, Gorilla Pimpin' Stackin' them bricks got you trippin' Them cookies and them cakes got you slippin' A flock of birds got you in the yard simpin' While me be gettin' paid, all day Gorilla Pympin' [Six Two] Now I'ma drop a jewel right quick, G shit You finna get the convict, subliminal bomb shit Criminal, monoply, philosophy Million dollar properties, cheers overseas, status Peep my mackies have apparatus Known for them, I give the Grammer from Atlanta to Atlantis I handle this, pound for pound, Braud Jouhn on scandalous Break it down, I'm gonna give you what you need Full balls, big dick and straight weed Or get wet up, fool, you better get up And get yours from the T.O.P. - fuckin' with me Smooth Jacks and Braud Backs and Kool Max  Some criminal contacts, be lovin' my platinum plaques But that ain't who I'ma goes at On the real, dollar bills mothafucker Can you flow with that? [Chorus: Dr. Dre] [Break: Dr. Dre] It's goin' on and on, nigga It's goin' on and on and on It's goin' on and on, my nigga It's goin' on and on and on It's goin' on and on, nigga It's goin' on and on and on It's goin' on and on, my nigga G's up, goin' on and on and on [Six Two] Knick Knack Patty Whack, give the dog a bone No give him a chicken 'til my nigga is on It don't stop, until your life get popped And you can sell them 5 million when you drop hot jam Better then the rest of them I'm, therefore, I pack the floor when I'm on my tour If we can't make it, though, nigga's actin' hardcore It ain't the cost though, nigga it's the cash flow All the ass-holes, for sheezy, best believe me Ain't no tellin' where my G's be Nationality, reality, nigga's salary or locality Ugh, the Grand Finale, on my way back from Cali' Fuckin' twin bitches and their friends for their ends And it's on nigga Rock, slang it to you like the dirty cop Cluck 'til the world stop, make them all drop My nigga Doc' empty out the whole box I set it off, come on, come out get yours Talkin' about your old black clothes Caddillac does, money from fat whores You know that's how Gorilla Pimpin' goes Realize that you gotta get yours All dimes, all the time, better get yours Cause I'ma get mine, fool [Chorus: Dr. Dre] [Outro: The D.O.C. Talking] Real froze on your back Got game, they do not know how to act The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The D.O.C. f/ N.W.A Album: No One Can Do It Better Song: The Grand Finale (Dr. Dre)  Check this out, we've come to the last and final record This is Dr. Dre in full effect and we gonna kick it offa little somethis like  this We got my mella yella boy on the drums, We got Stan "the Guitar Man" dropping the rhythm. We got LA Dre on the keyboard and I want the whole posse in this muthafucka to rocl on this funky ass beat we're gonna drop Aight, So Ice Cube, you the early bird on this muthafucka, run it (Ice Cube) Picture a nigga that's raw Amplify his ass and what you see is what's on Muthafuckas I slaughter, blow em out the water Word to me, fuck the father My melody is deadly as a pin in a handgrenade 5 seconds before you get played You can't throw me, I guess you'll blow up Ever see a sucker scatter, it'll make ya throw up Then I take advantage, you can't manage To get up, all you can do is sit up, I get lit up Hit up, Ice Cube tearing shit up Like a dude you can bet on Collide like a head on Collision, stutter steppin is an incision Of a nigga saying exactly what I vision Because I'm gone, you think I left you all But I stay in yo' ass like cholesterol When I blast some solid ass alcatraz And if you escape, you better swim fast 'Cause I'll catch ya, physically and mentally And the capital punishment's the penalty Sitting in the electric chair, grab a hold Pull the switch, yo' body twitch, your eye's explode Out your skull 'cause being dull on a flow Is an N-O, niggas didn't know that I can go Off and show off to throw off the law Turn, take 10 paces then draw What's left is a muthafucka dead in the alley Ice Cube is the shit on the grand finale (Dr. Dre) Yea, yea that was funky but we need the muthafucking villian to speak So kick it (MC Ren) The grand finale, yo, it's my turn to bust So let weak muthafuckas turn to dust If you're weak it ain't my fault Just take a kick in the ass and get turn into a pillar of salt And niggas that's biting just to taste me I make the punk muthafuckas buckle up for safety And on the dope they caught from the flash And swing like a bit when he's caught in a whiplash Giving him pain 'cause I'm urgent Rearrange the muthafucking face like a surgeon It ain't no excuse for the torture delivering  Don't say that I scare you, I can tell 'cause your shivering Lyrics label wit an X and not a G I say fuck the police, yo, so now they after me I'm wanted by the law so I stay low Representing the pimp, bitches making my dough In a different stage, I must of went on a rampage Me and the D.O.C. are always hitting the front page For what, for stealing and stepping up to the sheriff And when I enter the party, niggas shit in a ?(cell pimp)? For what, maybe 'cause I'm Ren And when they clean up shit, yo, they do it again So fuck it, sit back cool and relax While Eazy busts the facts kicking the grande finale (Dr. Dre) Yea, y'all know what time it is. Easy muthafucking E is in the house doing  damage (Eazy E) The name is Eazy for me to come off like the inforcer' Mass murder muthafukas in a course of An everyday situation where I would stalk by Fuck the car, I do a muthafuking walk-by Eazy-E and the D.O. to the C. and Run house and there won't be no disagreeing 'Cause if there is some, you feeling staticy Then I'm arrested (For what) assault and battery Never outdone, only outdoing Loving the bitches and the hoes boo hooing Why 'cause they're addicted to my dick The pleasure of pain, the wing-ding and flipped it (Yea) and never forget when done in bed by Eazy, the name of a Compton hard head Cool but local like loc never broke 'Cause they're paid to be Ruthless, this is why I do this I don't give a fuck about fame I rather deal wit a number than a muthafuking name (word) Get me paid and then rap 'Cause all the other bullshit money ain't jack Eazy but not that Eazy to deal wit Especially if you're poppin bullshit Put the E-A-Z-Y and to the E Expression of thought on the muthafuking grand finale (Dr. Dre) Yea, that shit was funky, last but not least is the muthafuking D.O.C. This is your album, so that means you definitely got to get funky, so run it (The D.O.C.) Swinging, singing a brand new rap On a rhythm concocted by my homie in the back and If it makes you giggle, it must be kinda funny But to me it's kinda cool (Tell 'em why), I'm making money Tripping up the man wit the ?(swig tan)? movement Proving if you're grooving then it cool when he be doing it Taking a second for me to blow your mind 'Cause I'm the diggy diggy D.O.C. and I would've been down wit rock But I was smart, the D.O. to the C. now on the formula It's rough, I mean it's funky enuff for me And you can have a listen after that and this and D-O-N-'T M-O-V-E wit out permission From the D.O. to the C., I'm just better than The normal man and I'll be dumb if a sucker can Ever compete wit the elite Much less beat, it's like dancing wit 2 left feet Never smile when the D.O.C. is in the room Or I'm a send ya ass to the temple of doom I got raw when I came to Cali Now wit NWA on the muthafuking grand finale (Dre) Shout outs The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The D.O.C. f/ Dr. Dre, Six Two Album: Deuce Song: Judgement Day Typed by: dy_face@hotmail.com * * send corrections to the typist (*Dr. Dre playes sample of Police sireens all over the track*) [Intro: The D.O.C. talking] It's Judgement Day "you know what I'm sayin, if any one got sick" "30 day 61 [Verse 1: Six Two] Total choas, Outlast, mass confusion Dead woods is cruising for bruisings labelled me sick, Six Two is livin' psychopathic fit some people think I'm loony and the range "uh ha" because I come in these murders at the point blank range (*Gun Shot*) bowdown, I'm aimin' at your face murder one did, and close casket case outlast war, now leave me alone this hollow points'll give you piss on and fuck up your arm fool, I'll drops the bomb casualties packed up and stacks like you numb my G lock don't see them on the stock four dead wood, left for dead in the donut shop It's time to tear the roof off this mothafucker and got no love for these suckers and bad busters...... [Chorus: The D.O.C.] in Judgment Day don't you get caught slippin' without your AK [Break: Six Two] I touched down at the L.A. X okey, bitch don't ever mix, Two Face and Dr. Dre [Dr. Dre] welcome to Califor-nia, my nigga the home of palm trees and sticky green killers [Verse 2: The D.O.C.] I hit the city G-ed up "for real" and let's get this understood, I'm good for two or three meals deeply thinkin' while I'm rollin, smokin' and drinkin' The D.O.C. you know it ain't easy been me that been through the whole nine and still tickin' this is genocide on mine, let's be realistic if he don't get what he supposed, this subject to go ballistic Two Face'll leave the mothafucker twisted watch your mouth, y'all niggaz don't even know me but you owe me don't be like these foes, you'll catch a dawn kal homey that's all I can say my nigga, case's closed now let's go and get this paper my nigga and chase hoes....... [Chorus: The D.O.C.] in Judgment Day don't you get caught slippin' without your AK don't you get caught slippin' without your AK [Verse 3: The D.O.C.] I touched down from outta no where, ready to catch a case the Gorilla goes bannas with a solid black bandana on his face his tattoo says ain't one cheat Two Face the bitch killer, all eyes on me I do my dirt in the broad day, with the AK till the all deceased, me hear R.I.P's see my mentality is totally fucked up I'ma time bomb tickin' ready to self destruct I do this till I'm satisfied, y'all ain't heard I goes bows on bitches, they said cause the hood in a eard havin' suicidal thoughts in my room don't hestitate to put the .44 to your dome damn (*Gun Shot*)......... [Outro: The D.O.C. talking] don't you get caught slippin' without your AK senicerely your Mr. Two Face don't you get caught slippin' without your AK senicerely your Mr. Two Face The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The D.O.C. Album: No One Can Do it Better Song: Portrait of a Masterpiece Typed by: OHHLA.com Yea, c'mon C'mon, yea, c'mon Let's take a trip but not of the physical Sense of direction on a kid who's artistical Through a gallery of thoughts, of course it's dope Pay it tough like the name on my rope Watch it be weary instead of steppin wit the boys A musical massacre of inadequate noise By the new authority 'cause of majority Of peers who hear will award superiority To those who know you knew now it's inevitable I laid the track and it's simple unforgettable Time had hold me better than gold, I sold And in front of a group of soul is a new episode So like see if you can grab a pawn yet another one Take it to the everyday like it's done the son Words connected up to another degree And if an artist who planned it there, portrait of a masterpiece It's unquestionable The lyrics used, the D.O.C.'s a professional Nothing exquisite to prohibit you from listening up Crisp and clean but I don't mean 7-Up I preside ill dippy dope to frantic to panic And just a man on a mission wit something more in the attic I'm just an ordinary, faring very few Do it to the mic, is the D.O. to the C., you Made the choice that doesn't need to pretend I'm on the extend, I know about the ?(elevator end)? But anytime between I'm spinning Play strong, write it like it never ending Keep creating while suckers are hating me now Keep the upper hand 'cause the respond is gonna plow No one can handle the physical torture I've been taking and no matter what, I'll support'cha Goals and dreams although is seems it won't come true All of that is up to you, yo But if you can't handle You need a check, 'cause rap's like a gamble Basically outspoken, keeping them choking on But you recall, yo, a helluva rap song Doing it forever together wit Dre, it will never cease Plenty of records like "Portrait of a Masterpiece" Not an exceptionalist Sort of the norm, walking and holding my testicles ?(swoon for a six)?, spell out what it means to be dope The D.O. to the C., they can't cope Deal the real, yo, it's better 'cause I had to be Better than any 'cause of majority Negative never, I'm all about a positive force if you recall It's the D.O.C. on the ball Rap much greater, Dre upon the fader Pump the bass and the pace Most like by the D.O.C and this is it 'Cause when it's hype, then I feel that it's the shit Word, never would I stop, I drop the beat I will Especialy when I have to kill I'm an annihilator, standing a full 6' 3 And I really don't think you wanna deal wit me Potrait of a, watch out, I'll go.. [DOC] Hold on Dre stop the beat, let me catch my breath [Dre] Aiyyo man, why ya stopping that was funky [DOC] To catch my breath [Dre] Alright you got it (yea) kick it Strong blowing kisses to the wind The D.O.C. in fact to attack the wicky wack And take the rightful place at a rightful time The D.O. to the C. and it's mine Move, 'cause no one's gonna take my spot Doing the groove, why, 'cause it's the diggy diggy D.O.C. [Dre] Yea that's cool, let's go to the next record The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tha Dogg Pound f/ Dr. Dre Album:	Dogg Food Song:	Intro Typed by: elasticnihilist@gmail.com [man] Welcome, we have been expecting you Hahahah [Dr. Dre] Dogg Pound, are you mothafuckaz ready? [Kurupt] Yeah "Like we always do about this time" The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tha Dogg Pound f/ Dr. Dre Album:	Dogg Food Song:	Intro Typed by: elasticnihilist@gmail.com [man] Welcome, we have been expecting you Hahahah [Dr. Dre] Dogg Pound, are you mothafuckaz ready? [Kurupt] Yeah "Like we always do about this time" The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tha Dogg Pound f/ Dr. Dre, Michel'le, Nate Dogg Album: Dogg Food Song: Let's Play House Typed by: OHHLA.com Intro: Dr. Dre That's right Some of that shit you just can't fuck wit Tha Dogg Pound flava, for the nine-fever KnowhatI'msayin? Michel'le in the house That's right, set it off Verse One: Dat Nigga Daz, Michel'le Young Daz struck a match and the match went out But it wasn't no more lights in the house, check it out Speakin of house let's play a game of it Are ya wit it? Hide and go get it, I betcha love it baby I'll play the daddy and you can play the momma so we can get down upon the living room floor Are ya wit it? I promise I won't kill it Puddy-cat on a leash what should I do, should I kill it? Yesss See back in the day when we used to play You wanted to be with me [that's right] Now that is so right and natural No other man that I can see I'm singin in my background diggin up a hole for you to make your move But no longer will I be told regroup Let's play house Chorus: Daz, Michel'le, Nate Dogg Engine engine number nine  let's play house Rollin down the DP line   (repeat 2X) [Michel'le] Let's play house... [Michel'le] Is that what you want me to do with you? You play tha momma baby   let's play house I'll play the daddy You can play the momma and I'll play the daddy [Michel'le] Let's play house You can play tha momma   let's play house and I'll be the daddy and I'll be the daddy that runs the house, straight up Verse Two: Dat Nigga Daz, Kurrupt I'm in the shack bout to blaze up a sack Yeah we grown all alone posted up the back There's no mistakin, I can have the whole house shakin Young Daz in that ass baby doll no fakin Don't get me wrong, tell me what's the flavor of the song You know it's Daz in your drawers when ya momma ain't home Ring the alarm, I got ya buzz, lovin me Phsyically and mentally I knew that it was never meant to be I know you know this girl by tha name of Danielle Body of a Goddess face from hell but oh shhh, this wasn't the average trick (She got the bomb) and she like gobblin and swallowin a whole nine and a half on dat black ass Groupie now all the hoocies wanna do me from the past to the present (say what?) let me rep and present (Who dat?) The biggest nigga hittin all the hoes in your click Fast as lightning runnin through like the breeze in the summertime out on the corners making G's It's the thirst, but I can show somethin much worse than the thirst, if worse came to worse, but first things first Brenda, I can remember How hot y'all be gettin, eighty-seven, eighty-six, and, yeah The year a young man grows Some women become ladies, some turn into hoes Young hoes grown, find a way to stay wit me In the cut wit Kurupt, come and play with me, yeah Outro: Michel'le, Nate Dogg [part A] If ya wanna be wit me, stay wit me, play wit me Come Kurupt, bring your stuff to me My, sweet, baby [part B] Let's play house, let's play house, let's play houuuusseeee Let's play housssse, let's play houssse part A, part B sung as part A repeats part B sung over part A with Nate Dogg singing "let's play house" 2X (repeat this part 3X to fade) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Dogg Pound f/ Dr. Dre, Prince Ital Album: Dogg Food Song: Respect Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro: Dr. Dre] I know you're bobbin your head, cause I can see yah (repeat 4X) You can't see me, hah Back up in that ass once again With some of Dat Nigga Daz shit Beatin up on your ear drums with some of that G Funk Some of that gangsta funk  Some of that ghetto funk Call it what you want, just don't forget the G  Got the motherfuckin Dogg Pound in the house [Verse One: Dogg Pound] Now tell me what's poppin in your head my brother What you wanna do end up dead motherfucker I don't know why we got to kill each other  Cause on the streets it's do or die motherfucker [Daz] Now as a child I was raised in the church  Now what ever possessed me to do the shit that I do to put you in the dirt I gives a fuck about a nigga on the street  I'm runnin ninety-fo' and I done ran ninety-three, don't like no hurdle For the murders I committed in my Omni Fo' convertable And not a soul saw who did it As I lean to the side in my Omni G-Ride On a mission, fo' deep, Dogg Pound do or die [Kurupt] Now if you see me mobbin down the street what would you think (not) Realizing that I'm surviving off instinct  What makes my mind click to perfect timing  For me to twist shit switchin bullshit the fuck up like The Shining Cause I'm in my own zone, alone look down You think you saw but death is all round like a ghost town Perhaps you, know I axe you Fool if I have to, can you comprehend or adapt to  [Chorus: Prince Ital] Respect to the Deathrow Inmates  Deathrow Inmates lawd dem never hesitate To bust a gun shot, in a i-diot face Dis is Dogg Pound and your life goes to waste Free Dogg Pound territory Dat Nigga Daz put you inna di cemetery Snoop Dogg, di criminal mentality Fuck wit Dirty Kurupt and yuh dead each way Lawd [Verse Two: Dogg Pound] [Kurupt] Now wit Dat Nigga Daz, everywhere I roll I'm set to blast  The way to success is elevating too fast  Every corner that I turn, there's money to burn  With no concern count the amount there's more to be earned  Set-Trip, the word I hear every nigga spit  Sixty percent's trippin forty percent's bullshittin Industy's shady, my safety's in jeapordy Control the mind with mental telepathy nigga Shady as fuck, Kurupt can see it in your eyes  Anticipatin for the real to come from the disguise The Pound, we roll thick like one-time And I could fuck your bitch after I bust just one rhyme  All we do is smoke weed and get blitzed And kick that motherfuckin gangsta shit  (Say what say what say what say what say what?) Kick that motherfuckin gangsta shit  [Daz] Well I see myself on top, by the age of twenty-two or will I drop, a fallen star that has been forgotten not In the past, I mainly hustled for the cash  Suprised to see that nigga rise up on that ass  Anybody killa, do or die if I have to On deck, twenty-four seven and blastin if I have to I live my life I done swore to courtin trigger long Who would stop the movement why I journied so far From the danger that lurks, from the one that's out doin dirt Step to modify this and vanish away from this Earth Beyond the heartbreaks and heartaches, rest in peace Riders died death is unexplainable when you die [Outro: Prince Ital] We don't got to stoop low  We don't got to stoop low  We don't got to stoop to your level  But when they see we coming lawd Now when they see we coming lawd Now when they see we coming lawd they tremble Cause we a rebel, terror from a well fractured gun And you know we keep it real to make your life invisible  So don't fuck, you betta be respectable  The nine millimeter, is really dreadable Wicked an wild yes you're wicked an wild Prince Ital Joe yes you're well versatile  Is it Dogg Pound yes you're well versatile Dey form de picture of the gangsta styler An wild yes you're wicked an wild, Dogg Pound An wild yes you're wicked an wild Is it Death Row yes you're well versatile Yes, gangsta drop make the gangsta smile De sexy girls dey love de Doggystyle An wild, yes you're wicked an wild An wild... hahaha.. eazy! Dogg Pound, run tings, y'know, yeah Cause we no respect no guys Cause guys dick arder than shit  We no take orders, we give orders Respect to the crew Nigga Daz mi breddern dirty Kurupt EAZY! Yeah West coast, everytime, everytime, big-up! To the Death Row posse Lawd! Nuff respect Just quote, de faggot come here wit de violence Death Row are gon make you dead and silence Well dem fraid to try, when afraid of no person an No faggot come here actin like dis Oh lawd, oh lawd, hahaha Yes star Ital, you're large Big up Daz an de crew Snoop Dogg, big up, everytime EAZY! Dr. Dre an de massive Yeah The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Eazy-E Album: Eazy-Duz-It Song: Boyz-N-The-Hood (Remix) Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Dr. Dre] Hey yo, remember that shit Eazy did a while back Motherfuckers said it wasn't gonna work (word) That crazy shit, yeah the stupid shit Hey yo Eazy! (Yo!) Hey man why don't you come off the piano for a minute and bust this crazy shit [Eazy-E] Woke up quick at about noon Just thought that I had to be in Compton soon I gotta get drunk before the day begin Before my mother starts bitchin, about my friends About to go and damn near went blind Young niggaz at the pad throwin up gang signs Ran in the house, and grabbed my clip with the Mac-10 on the side of my hip Bailed outside, and pointed my weapon Just as I thought the fools kept steppin Jumped in the fo' hit the juice on my ride I got front and back, and side to side Then I let the Alpine play Bumpin new shit by N.W.A It was "Gangsta Gangsta" at the top of the list Then I played my old shit, it went somethin like this: Cruisin down the street in my six-fo' Jockin the bitches, slappin the hoes Went to the park to get the scoop Knuckleheads out there cold shootin some hoops A car pulls up, who can it be? A fresh El Camino rolled, Kilo G He rolls down his window and he started to say It's all about makin that GTA Cause the boyz in the hood are always hard You come talkin that trash, we'll pull your card Knowin nothin in life, but to be legit Don't quote me boy cause I ain't sayin shit [Eazy-E] Donald B's in the place to give me the pace He said my man J.B. is on freebase The boy J.B. was a friend of mine 'til I caught him in my car tryin to steal my Alpine Chased him up the street to call a truce The silly motherfucker pulls out a deuce-deuce Little did he know I had a loaded 12 gauge One sucker dead, L.A. Times first page [Eazy-E] Bored as hell and I wanna get ill so I went to a spot where my homeboys chill The fellows out there, makin that dollar I pulled up in my six-four Impala They greet me with a 40 and I start drinkin And from the 8-ball my breath start stinkin Left to get my girl, to rock that body Before I left I hit the Bacardi Went to her house to get her out of the pad Dumb hoe says somethin, that made me mad She said somethin that I couldn't believe so I grabbed the stupid bitch by her nappy-ass weave She started talkin shit, wouldn't you know? Reached back like a pimp, and slapped the hoe Her father jumped up and he started to shout so I threw a right-cross and knocked his old ass out! [Eazy-E] I'm rollin hard, now I'm under control Done wrapped the six-fo' around a telephone poll I looked at my car and I said "Oh brother; I'll throw it in the gutter, and go buy another" Walkin home and I see the G ride Now Cat is drivin Kilo on the side As they busted a U, they got pulled over A undercover cop in a dark green Nova Cat got beaten for resistin arrest He socked the pig in the head, for rippin his Guess Now G is caught, for doin the crime Fourth offense on the boy, he'll do some time [Eazy-E] I went to get them out, but there was no bail The fellas started a riot in the county jail Two days later in municipal court Kilo G on trial straight cold cut a fart Disruption of the court, said the judge On a six year sentence my man didn't budge Bailiff came over to turn him in Kilo G looked up and gave a grin He yelled out "FIRE" - then came Suzi The bitch came in with a sub-machine Uzi Police shot the bitch but didn't hurt her Both up state for attempted murder [Outro] Yeah I kicked a little ass cause that was a blast from the past motherfucker! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Eazy-E f/ Dr. Dre, M.C. Ren Album: Eazy-Duz-It Song: Eazy-er Said Than Dunn Typed by: TFLthuG@aol.com [Dre] Yo man I don't think they heard you why don't you tell 'em what ya name is. [Eazy-E] My name is Eazy yeah this is true keepin' your attention is what I'm gonna do hardcore yo I could never be soft askin' me my defin' they say the boy goes off fillin' up my memo with the touch of my rhyme suckaz stayin' with me cause they know the time quiet on the set because I'm about to begin and if you didnt hear me boy I'll tell you again  my name is Eazy or just call me E  but It doesn't really matter to me cause I'm the same person  whether serious or rehearsin' I just gotta keep cursin'  this is for the radio so I better chill they won't play it if I co get ill but I'm like that and thats an actually fact because the street is where my heart is at yo I don't do dope but I'm dope not a dope but I'm doper than anybody who trys to cope if the rhyme I'm dispayin'  and the beat thats playin' yo you could try all day and you still won't match up with the Ruthless P.O.W. cause Eazy's doin it Compton style thats the city and you say you could get some yo it's Eazy-er Said Than Dunn. Wooooooo! Wooooooo! [Eazy-E] Now it's easy for me to get my point across so listen up close if ya don't ya might get lost I'm not a role model or a Dr. Seuss yo I'm a gangsta and I'm about to get stupid I guess its time for the trama with the E-A-Z-Y-E comma now thats drama so pay attention by the way I must mention I'm comin' off hard in the third demention with the glare  but you don't need no glasses to stare it'll probably take you in and it's just like your there with the E on the gangsta tip so if you think I'm a flip or slip don't even trip cause I'm a destroyer  my homie Dre is a doctor not a lawyer  dope mc employer on Ruthless and thats my label to get the money, the women, and co bust the fat cable's boy, master rhymers of toys I mean str8 while ya suckin' with the girls enjoy you must be sick or ya lonely  how ya gonna diss me if ya don't even know me (Eazy - E: Yo Ren) (M.C. Ren: What sup) get the gat show 'em where it's at and that's just the sound  and next time I'm peelin ya cap to let ya know where I'm comin' from Eazy said it and it shall Be Dunn. Wooooooo! Wooooooo! [Eazy-E] Radio jams are the part of the cycle eazy-er said than dunn yeah thats the title rubbin' the lady's only the fly ones ya know (M.C. Ren: but would if she's lucky) Eazy come Eazy go don't ask to battle me home boy what's that you wanna battle me boy ya better be strapped cause where I'm from it ain't all about that playin' [*gun shots*] now that's what I'm sayin' Sevy thought that I was born in '73 now everybody want's to know the A-G-E girls on the tip fellaz too it seemed had everybody thinkin' I was only 15 the fellaz would annoy me the ladyz would adore me and what was I to do  I wishin' nothin' lady's do cause the ladyz I luv 'em  nice and then soft I hate male groupies so just step the hell off I'm the real Eazy cause others be fakin' tryin' to game fame off the name I'm makin' sayin' on your records you could get some yo home boy its Eazy-er Said Than Dunn. Wooooooo! Wooooooo! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Eazy-E f/ Dr. Dre Album: Eternal E/Return Of Superfly Soundtrack Song: Eazy Street Typed by: TFLthuG@aol.com [Eazy-E] Now I'mma Break it down and tell a story about a nigga in the wrong territory Sharon and Shide is who he had to meet he made a right turn down the wrong street now whatta whatta whatta whatta pitty a new jack in my muthafuckin' city [Dr. Dre] Compton that is  they say it's niggaz pimpin'  gangsta limpin' [Eazy-E] But back back to the nitty gritty bout this nigga slippin' in my fuckin' city by the time that he realized that he fucked up the stupid muthafucka got a foot in his ass now this is how the story goes don't you ever bring your ass  in my neiborhood fuckin' my hoes cause they my hoes and I knows  when they've been fucked [] "Who's ready to get up and do my thang!" "Doin' it you know!" [Eazy-E] now lets get the story about the bitches and tell how this kid went from right to riches now he's drivin' fancy cars gettin' bitches galore he was a dirty little boy that I knew next door [Dr. Dre impersonating Mack Romey] Mack the muthafuckin' Romey  the one and only  my dicks to hard to be lonely [Eazy-E] Now this muthafucka braggin' on how  he got all this and that and he got  all these bitches callin' him Big Daddy ain't that a bitch how this muthafucka  get rich on my muthafuckin' street thats supposed to be my god damn money and this bastard is use to wear platform  shoes plad pants and nappy ass hat under a fucked up hat now lets kick the story  about that [Eazy-E] When the sun falls  and the shit falls down so when people start comin' around knockin' at the door sayin' we want more and moms wonderin' what the fuck they here for rock cocaine yea just as I figured but he can do that cause he's that nigga from Eazy Street on the road to riches money, cars, houses, and hoes thats how the  story goes and if the nigga stays up you  know he can't be beat all this shit happens on Eazy Street [Eazy-E] Now back to the story about the bitches [Dr. Dre] about the what! [Eazy-E] The bitches, the bitches, the bitches yo the bitches that wanna get with me the E, the A, the Z, the Y, the E so whats up bitch you wanna play yo why don't you kiss whats behind the button display my dick gets [Dr. Dre] Hiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiigh up [Eazy-E] Like Ballpark Franks baby plump when you cook 'em you know what I mean my dick gets [Dr. Dre] Hiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiigh up [Eazy-E] Higher than a muthafucka [Dr. Dre] Shit thats sure enough funky right there yo E kick some knowledge man explain to 'em what you mean [Eazy-E] Uh oh day day dum day come on baby why don't ya suck it this way aaaaah ooooh [Dr. Dre] Shit don't find the phillie baby let it all hang out [Eazy-E] I feel it comin' (I feel it comin') it's comin' out (it's comin' out) [Dr. Dre] Kick it one more time [Eazy-E] Uh oh day day dum day come on baby why don't ya suck it this way aaaaah ooooh [Eazy-E] Uh oh day day dum day come on baby why don't ya suck it this way aaaaah ooooh [Dr. Dre] oh yeah E give me a solo [Eazy-E] [*Talking Weird*] it all happens on Eazy Street you stupid muthafucka! Artist: Eminem f/ Dr. Dre, Nate Dogg, Snoop Dogg, Xzibit Album: The Marshall Mathers LP Song: Bitch Please II Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Dre]	Yeah whattup Detroit? [Snoop]	Nu-uh, nu-uh nuh-no he didn't! 	Ahhh! They didn't do it again, 	what-what, what-what? 	Did you shit on these niggaz two times Dr. Dre? [Dre]	Oh fo' sho'! [Snoop]	Uh-uh, naw, ya smell that? 	This is special right here 	What-what, what-what-what? 	Yeah, it's a toast to the boogie baby 	Uhh, to the boogie-oogie-oogie 	Yeah, y'know! What's crackin Dre? [Dr. Dre] Just let me lay back and kick some mo' simplistic pimp shit on Slim's shit and start riots like Limp Bizkit (Limp Bizkit) Throw on 'Guilty Conscience' at concerts and watch mosh pits til motherfuckers knock each other unconcious (Watch out now!) Some of these crowds that Slim draws is rowdy as Crenshaw Boulevard when it's packed and fulla cars Some of these crowds me and Snoop draw +IS+ niggaz from Crenshaw from Long Beach to South Central  {*LOUD SCREAM*} Whoa, not these niggaz again These grown-ass ignorant men with hair-triggers again (Hehe) You and what army could harm me? D-R-E and Shady, with Doggy from Long Beach (East-syde!) Came a long way, to makin these songs play It'll be a wrong move, to stare at me the wrong way I got a long uz', and I carry it all day (Blaow!) Sometimes it's like a nightmare, just bein Andre but I.. [Snoop Dogg] somehow, someway - tell 'em, nigga You know about Dogg-ay (Snoop Dogg) Now let me cut these niggaz up and show em where da fuck I'm comin from I get the party crackin from the shit that I be spittin son Hit-and-run, get it done, get the funds, split and run Got about fifty guns, and I love all of 'em the same - bang bang! Damn baby girl what's your name? I forgot - what'd you say it was? Damn a nigga buzzed Hangin in the club, with my nephew Eminem (Whassup Slim?) Whattup cuz? (Whattup Snoop?) The Great White American Hope, done hooked up with the King of the motherfuckin West coast, bay-bayy! Chorus: Nate Dogg (+Snoop) And you don't really wanna fuck, with me Only nigga that I trust, is me Fuck around and make me bust, this heat [Snoop] That's, the devil, they always wanna dance [Xzibit] I'm the Head Nigga In Charge, I'm watchin you move You're found dead in your garage, with ten o'clock news coverage Gotta love it, cause I expose the facade Your little lungs is too small to hotbox with God All jokes aside, come bounce with us Standin over you with a twelve gauge, about to bust It's like ashes to ashes and dust to dust I might leave in the bodybag, but never in cuffs So who do you trust? They just not rugged enough When things get rough I'm in the club shootin with Puff Bitch, please - you must have a mental disease Assume the position and get back down on your knees - c'mon Chorus 2X [Eminem - impersonating Snoop] Awww naww, big Slim Dogg Eighty pound balls, dick six inch long Back up, in the, heezy BAY-BAY He's Sha-day! [Snoop]	He's so cra-zay! [Eminem] Hahaha! Gimme the mic, let me recite, 'til Timothy White pickets outside the Interscope offices every night What if he's right? I'm just a criminal, makin a living off of the world's misery - what in the world gives me the right to say what I like, and walk around flippin the bird Livin the urban life, like a white kid from the 'burbs Dreamin at night of screamin at mom, schemin to leave Run away from home and grow to be as evil as me I just want you all to notice me and people to see that somewhere deep down, there's a decent human being in me It just can't be found, so the reason you've been seeing this me is cause this is me now, the recent dude who's being this mean So when you see me, dressin up like a nerd on TV or heard the CD usin the fag word so freely it's just me being me, here want me to tone it down? {*LOWER pitch*} Suck my fuckin dick, you faggot You happy now? Look here [Eminem - impersonating Snoop] I start some trouble everywhere that I go (that I go) Ask the bouncers in the club cause they know (cause they know) I start some shit they throw me out the back do' (the back do') Come back and shoot the club up with a fo'-fo' (a fo'-fo') Chorus 2X [Xzibit] 2001 and forever Slim Shady, Dr. Dre, Snoop Dogg, X to the Z, Nate Dogg C'mon, yeah!! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Eminem f/ 50 Cent, Dr. Dre Album: Relapse Song: Crack a Bottle Typed by: bro0klyn@hotmail.com [Intro-Eminem] Ladies and gentlemen The moment you've all been waiting for In this corner, weighing 175 pounds With a record of 17 rapes, 400 assaults, and 4 murders The undisputed, most diabolic villain in the world Slim Shady [Chorus-Eminem] So crack a bottle, let your body waddle Don't act like a snobby model, you just hit the lotto O oh o oh, bitch's hopping in my tahoe Got one riding shotgun and no not one of them got gloves Now where's the rubbers, Whose got the rubbers I noticed there's so many of them  And there's really not that many of us And ladies love us and my posse's kicking up dust It's on till the break of dawn and we're starting this party from dusk [Verse 1-Eminem] Ok, let's go Back when Andre, the giant, mister elephant tusk Fix your must, you'll just be another one bit the dust Just one up my mothers son who got thrown under the bus Kiss my butt, lick from under cheese from under my nuts It disgusts me to see the game the way that it looks Its a must I redeem my name and haters get mushed Bitch's lust, man they love me when I lay in the cut Fist the cut, the lady give her eighty some paper cut Now picture us, its ridiculous you curse at the thought Cause when I spit the verse the shit gets worse then Worcestershire sauce If I could fit the words as picture perfect, works every time Every verse, every line, as simple as nursery rhymes Its elementary, the elephants have entered the room I venture to say with the center of attention it's true Not to mention back with a vengeance so here's the signal Of the bat symbol, the platinum trio's back on you hoes So crack a bottle, let your body waddle Don't act like a snobby model you just hit the lotto O oh o oh, bitch's hopping in my tahoe Got one riding shotgun and no not one of them got gloves Now where's the rubbers, Whose got the rubbers I noticed there's so many of them  And there's really not that many of us Ladies love us and my posse's kicking up dust It's on till the break of dawn and we're starting this party from dusk [Eminem] Ladies and gentlemen, Dr. Dre [Verse 2-Dr Dre] They see that low rider go by there, like Oh my You ain't got to tell me why you're sick cause I know why I dip through in that six trey like sick em Dre I'm an itch that they cant scratch, they're sick of me But hey, what else can I say, I love LA Cause over and above all, its just another day And this one begins where the last one ends Pick up where we left off and get smashed again I'll be dammed, just fucked around and crashed my Benz Driving around with a smashed front end Lets cash that one in Grab another one from out the stable The Monte Carlo, Elcamino or the Eldorado The hell if I know, do I want leather seats or vinyl Decisions, decision, garage looks like precision collision Or maico beats quake like Waco Just keep the bass low speakers away from your face though [Chorus-Eminem] So crack a bottle, let your body waddle Don't act like a snobby model you just hit the lotto O oh o oh, bitch's hopping in my tahoe Got one riding shotgun and no not one of them got gloves Now where's the rubbers, Whose got the rubbers I noticed there's so many of them  And there's really not that many of us Ladies love us and my posse's kicking up dust It's on till the break of dawn and we're starting this party from dusk [Eminem] And I take great pleasure in introducing, 50 Cent [Verse 3-50 Cent] It's bottle after bottle The money ain't a thang when you party with me Its what we into, its simple We ball out of control like you wouldn't believe I'm the napalm, the bomb, the don, i'm King Kong Get rolled, on wrapped up, and reigned on I'm so calm, through Vietnam, ring the alarm Bring the shaun dawn, burn marijuana, do what you want Nigga on and on, till the break of what Get the paper man, I'm caking, you know i don't give a fuck I spend it like it don't mean nothing Blow it like its supposed to be blown Motherfucker i'm grown I stunt, I style, I flash the shit I gets what the fuck i want so what I trick Fat ass burgundy bags classy shit, Jimmy Cho shoes I say move a bitch move [Chorus-Eminem] So crack a bottle, let your body waddle Don't act like a snobby model you just hit the lotto O oh o oh, bitch's hopping in my tahoe Got one riding shotgun and no not one of them got gloves Now where's the rubbers, Whose got the rubbers I noticed there's so many of them  And there's really not that many of us Ladies love us and my posse's kicking up dust It's on till the break of dawn and we're starting this party from dusk The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Eminem f/ Dr. Dre Album: The Eminem Show Song: Business Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash {with help from liner notes} [Dr. Dre] Marshall! Sounds like an S.O.S. [Mathers] Holy wack unlyrical lyrics Andre, you're fuckin right!! [Dr. Dre] To the Rapmobile - let's go! 	(Marshall! Marshall!) [Eminem] Bitches and gentlemen! It's SHOWTIME! Hurry hurry, step right up! Introducin the star of our show.. his name is.. 	(Marshall!) You wouldn't want to be anywhere else in the world right now So without further adieux, I bring to you 	(Marshall!) [Eminem] You bout to witness, hip-hop in its most purest more rawest form, flow almost flawless Most hardest, most honest known artist Chip off the old block, but oh Doc is BACK Looks like Batman brought his own Robin Oh God, Saddam's got his own Laden With his own private plane, his own pilot Set to blow college dorm rooms doors off the hinges oranges, peach, pears, plums, syringes (*chainsaw sound*} VROOM VROOM! Yeah, here I come I'm inches, away from you, dear fear none Hip-Hop is in a state of nine-one-one so.. [Chorus 2X: Eminem] Let's get down to business I don't got no time to play around, what is this? Must be a circus in town, let's shut the shit down on these clowns; can I get a witness? (HELL YEAH!) [Eminem] Quick gotta move fast, gotta perform miracles Gee wilikers Dre, "Holy bat syllables!" Look at all the bullshit that goes on in Gotham when I'm gone, time to get rid of these rap criminals So skip to your lou while I do what I do best You ain't even impressed no more; you're used to it Flows too wet, nobody close to it Nobody says it but still everybody knows the shit The most hated on out of all those who say they get hated on in eighty songs and exaggerate it all so much they make it all up, there's no such thing Like a female with good looks who cooks and cleans It just means so much more to so much more people when you're rappin and you know what for The show must go on; so I'd like to welcome y'all to Marshall and Andre's car-ni-val, c'mon! Now [Eminem] It's just like old times, the Dynamic Duo Two old friends, why panic? You already know who's fully capable, the two caped heroes Dial straight down the center, eight-zero-zero You can even call collect, the most feared duet since me and Elton, played career Russian Roulette And never even see me blink or get to bustin a sweat People steppin over people just to rush to the set just to get to see an MC who breathes so freely Ease over these beats and be so breezy Jesus how can shit be so easy? How can one Chandra be so Levy? Turn on these beats, MC's don't see me Believe me; BET and MTV are gonna grieve when we leave dog, fo' sheezy Can't leave rap alone, the game needs me 'til we grow beards, get weird and disappear into the mountains - nothin but clowns down here But we, ain't fuckin around round here Yo Dre (whattup?) Can I get hell..? (HELL YEAH!) Now [Outro] So there you have it folks (Marshall!) has come to save the day Back with his friend Andre, here to remind you that bullshit does not pay Because (Marshall!) and Andre are here to stay and never go away, until our dying day Until we're old and grey (Marshall!) So until next time friends, same blonde hair, same rap channel Good night everyone, thank you for coming Your host for the evening (Marshall!) Oh! Heh The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Eminem f/ 50 Cent, Dr. Dre Album: Encore Song: Encore Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash {with help from liner notes} [50] Sh-sh-sh-SHA-DY! Aftermath [Em] Ha ha, G-G-G-G, G-Unit! [50] Ha ha! (Ha ha) [Chorus: 50 + Eminem] Cause we came here to set this party off right Let's bounce toniiiiiight And if they don't let us in through the front do' Come through the siiiiiide Cause I don't wanna ever leave the game without at least saying goodbyyyyyye So all my people on the left, all my people on the right scream one last tiiiiiime [Eminem] Get your ass up for the Doctor, one more time Get your ass up for the Doctor, c'mon now! Here we go, cliffhanger, it's another club banger Got you hangin on the edge of your seat, get on down [Dr. Dre] Time's up, game's over, you lose, I win Bout to show these knuckleheads how to do this here Ooh yeah, new year, next phase begin Look who's got you goin crazy again I'ma trend, I set one every time I'm in I go out and just come back full circle again You a fad, that means you somethin that we already had But once you're gone you don't come back [Eminem] Too bad, you're off the map now, radar can't even find you We stay on the grind you slip, we out-grind you You walk around mad you let your anger blind you We walk around just playin the violin behind you Enough with all the pissin and moanin, whinin and bitchin Sit and observe, listen you'll learn if you pay attention Why I send multi-platinum albums, later three diamond Worldwide, we on the charts with a bullet, and still climbin [Em] When Dr. Dre says crunk, you will get it crunk! [Dr] Get it crunk (CRUNK, CRUNK, CRUNK) [Em] And when 50 Cent says jump, you get on one foot and [50] Jump (JUMP, JUMP, JUMP) [Dr. Dre] The buzz is tremendous, we drop you artists censored I don't gotta promote it, for you to know that Doc is off the benches [Eminem] We keep the party rockin off the hinges We ain't showin off, we're just goin off, popular contentions [Dr. Dre] But critics say that Doc is soft, Doc is talk, Doc is all washed up, knock it off, who the fuck is Doc impressin? Doctor's this, Doctor's that, you got the wrong impression You must be on the cock of Doc, cause Doc left you all guessin So DJ take the needle and just drop it on the record {*crackle*} WHAT? We gon' have this motherfucker hoppin in a second (PUMP PUMP) That's why we always save the best cut last to make you scratch and itch for it like fresh cut grass [Eminem] Cause we done swam with the sharks, wrestled with alligators Spoke to a generation of angry teenagers whom if it wasn't for rap to bridge the gap maybe raised to be racist Who may have never got to see our faces Graced the cover of Rolling Stone pages, broke down barriers of language and races, just call on the caped crusaders and leave it to me and Dre to pass the mic and we can play the back and forth all day like the hot potato game that's why we came to [Eminem] 50 Cent, c'mon! [50 Cent] Bounce now, hands up, you know how we do We make the club jump, everywhere we go It's no secret, everybody know When Dre's involved, there's plenty money involved [Dr. Dre] And plenty honies involved, the sunny Sundays and palm trees Cali, every day is just another party from the valleys All the way to them 8 Mile alleys, let's rally [Eminem] Hands up for the grand finale Now raise up out your seat, Dre's about to speak Blaze a pound of weed six days up out the week [Dr. Dre] You can catch me in the studio, bangin out the beats to provide you with the heat that keep blazin out your speaker [Eminem] So never say never cause Shady/Aftermath together along with G-Unit Records, presents the return of The, The Doc (and Shady) no one can do it better We tear the club up and leave without a shred of evidence that uh [Eminem] Yeah! Ha ha Still Aftermath, 2006 And don't worry bout that "Detox" album, it's comin We gon' make Dre do it (ha ha) 50 Cent, G-Unit Obie Trice, D-Twizy, Stat Quo, Dr. Dre, we ain't leavin Let's go! Ha ha Ladies and gentlemen Thank you all for comin out PEACE! {*crowd cheers to fade and chants "Em-i-nem*} [Eminem] Oh shit, I almost forgot, you're comin with me! {*gunshots*} [Eminem] {*laughing*} {*scream*} [Eminem] {*laughing*} Bye bye! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Eminem f/ Dr. Dre Album: Slim Shady LP Song: Guilty Conscience Typed by: DeePhunk@aol.com, OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash (please send corrections to DeePhunk@aol.com) 	{sound of static} [announcer] Meet Eddie, twenty-three years old. Fed up with life and the way things are going, he decides to rob a liquor store. ("I can't take this no more, I can't take it no more homes") But on his way in, he has a sudden change of heart. And suddenly, his conscience comes into play... ("Shit is mine, I gotta do this.. gotta do this") [Dr. Dre] Alright, stop! (Huh?) Now before you walk in the door of this liquor store and try to get money out the drawer You better think of the consequence (But who are you?) I'm your motherfuckin conscience [Eminem] That's nonsense! Go in and gaffle the money and run to one of your aunt's cribs And borrow a damn dress, and one of her blonde wigs Tell her you need a place to stay  You'll be safe for days if you shave your legs with an aged razor blade [Dr. Dre] Yeah but if it all goes through like it's supposed to The whole neighborhood knows you and they'll expose you Think about it before you walk in the door first Look at the store clerk, she's older than George Burns [Eminem] Fuck that! Do that shit! Shoot that bitch! Can you afford to blow this shit? Are you that rich? Why you give a fuck if she dies? Are you that bitch? Do you really think she gives a fuck if you have kids? [Dr. Dre] Man, don't do it, it's not worth it to risk it! (You're right!) Not over this shit (Stop!) Drop the biscuit (I will!) Don't even listen to Slim yo, he's bad for you (You know what Dre? I don't like your attitude..) 	{sound of static}  ("It's alright c'mon, just come in here for a minute") 	("Mmm, I don't know!") ("Look baby..") 	("Damn!") ("Yo, it's gonna be alright, right?") 	("Well OK..") [announcer] Meet Stan, twenty-one years old. ("Give me a kiss!") After meeting a young girl at a rave party, things start getting hot and heavy in an upstairs bedroom. Once again, his conscience comes into play... ("Shit!") [Eminem] Now listen to me, while you're kissin her cheek and smearin her lipstick, I slipped this in her drink Now all you gotta do is nibble on this little bitch's earlobe.. (Yo! This girl's only fifteen years old You shouldn't take advantage of her, that's not fair) Yo, look at her bush.. does it got hair? (Uh huh!) Fuck this bitch right here on the spot bare Til she passes out and she forgot how she got there (Man, ain't you ever seen that one movie _Kids_?) No, but I seen the porno with SunDoobiest! (Shit, you wanna get hauled off to jail?) Man fuck that, hit that shit raw dawg and bail.. 	{sound of static}  	{pickup idling, radio playing} [announcer] Meet Grady, a twenty-nine year old construction worker. After coming home from a hard day's work, he walks in the door of his trailer park home to find his wife in bed with another man. ("WHAT THE FUCK?!?!") 	("Grady!!") [Dr. Dre] Alright calm down, relax, start breathin.. [Eminem] Fuck that shit, you just caught this bitch cheatin While you at work she's with some dude tryin to get off?! FUCK slittin her throat, CUT THIS BITCH'S HEAD OFF!!! [Dr. Dre] Wait! What if there's an explanation for this shit? (What? She tripped? Fell? Landed on his dick?!) Alright Shady, maybe he's right Grady But think about the baby before you get all crazy [Eminem] Okay! Thought about it, still wanna stab her? Grab her by the throat, get your daughter and kidnap her? That's what I did, be smart, don't be a retard You gonna take advice from somebody who slapped DEE BARNES??! [Dr. Dre] What'chu say? (What's wrong? Didn't think I'd remember?) I'ma kill you motherfucker! [Eminem] Uhhh-aahh! Temper temper! Mr. Dre? Mr. N.W.A.? Mr. AK comin' straight outta Compton y'all better make way? How in the fuck you gonna tell this man not to be violent? [Dr. Dre] Cause he don't need to go the same route that I went Been there, done that.. aw fuck it... What am I sayin? Shoot em both Grady, where's your gun at?  	{gun fires, is cocked, and re-fired} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Eminem f/ Dr Dre Album: Guilty Conscience CD Single Song: Guilty Conscience (Radio/Video Edit) Typed by: brianrancourt@hotmail.co.uk, OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash * * this is the EDITED song version  words that were blanked w/o being replaced are in {}'s {Sound of static} [Announcer] Meet Eddie, twenty-three years old. Fed up with life and the way things are going, he decides to rob a liquor store. ("I can't take this no more, I can't take it no more homes") But on his way in, he has a sudden change of heart. And suddenly, his conscience comes into play... [Dr. Dre] Alright, stop! (Huh?) Now before you walk in the door of this liquor store and try to get money out the drawer You better think of the consequence (But who are you?) I'm your mother{fuckin'} conscience [Eminem] That's nonsense! Go in and gaffle the money and run to one of your aunt's cribs And borrow a damn dress, and one of her blonde wigs Tell her you need a place to stay You'll be safe for days if you shave your legs with an aged razor blade [Dr. Dre] Yeah but if it all goes through like it's supposed to The whole neighbourhood knows you and they'll expose you Think about it before you walk in the door first Look at the store clerk, she's older than George Burns [Eminem] Funk that! Do that {shit}! Hit that lick! Can you afford to blow this pit? Are you that rich? Why you care if you scare her to death? Are you that chick? Do you really think she gives a {fuck} you have kids? [Dr. Dre] Man, don't do it, it's not worth it to risk it! (You're right!) Not over this list [Eminem] Stop! [Dr. Dre] Drop the biscuit (I will!) Don't even listen to Slim yo, he's bad for you [Eminem] You know what Dre? I don't like your attitude! [Sung] These voices, these voices! I hear them! (hear them, hear them, hear them)! I'll follow! I'll follow! I'll follow! I'll follow all these voices! [Anouncer] Meet Stan, twenty-one years old. After meeting a young girl at a rave party, things start getting hot and heavy in an upstairs bedroom. Once again, his conscience comes into play. [Eminem] Now listen to me, while you're kissin' her cheek and smearin' her lipstick, I slipped this in her drink Now all you gotta do is nibble on this little chicken's earlobe! [Dr. Dre] Yo! This girl's only fifteen years old How could you take advantage of her? She's passed out! [Eminem] It's easy, just cut these lights out! That's how! Then pick this chicken up Get her off Brad's couch And leave her on the front porch At her mum and dad's house! [Dr. Dre] Man, ain't you ever seen that one movie "Kids"? [Eminem] No, but I seen the porno with SunDoobiest (Doobiest)! [Dr Dre] Do you wanna get hauled off to jail? [Eminem] Funk that, drop her off, ring the door bell then bail. [Sung] These voices, these voices! I hear them! (hear them, hear them, hear them)! I'll follow! I'll follow! I'll follow! I'll follow all these voices! [Anouncer] Meet Grady, a twenty-nine year old construction worker. After coming home from a hard day's work, he walks in the door of his trailer park home to find his wife in bed with another man. [Dr. Dre] Alright calm down, relax, start breathin' [Eminem] Start breathin'?! Man, you just caught your wife cheatin'! While you at work she's with some dude tryin' to get off?! Forget gettin' divorced! CUT THIS CHICKEN'S HEAD OFF!!! [Dr. Dre] Wait! What if there's a good explanation for this? [Eminem] What? She tripped? Fell? Landed on his {dick}?! [Dr. Dre] Alright Shady, maybe he's right Grady But think about the baby before you get all crazy [Eminem] Okay! Thought about it, still wanna grab her? Kick her out the house, get your daughter and kidnap her? That's what I did, be smart, don't be a retard You gonna take advice from somebody who slapped DEE BARNES??! [Dr. Dre] What'chu say? [Eminem] What's wrong? Didn't think I'd remember? [Dr. Dre] I'ma kill you, you little mother...! [Eminem](Interupting) Uhhh-aahh! Temper temper! Mr. Dre? Mr. N.W.A.? Mr. AK comin' straight outta Compton 'n' y'all better make way? How in the hell you gonna tell this man not to be violent? [Dr. Dre] 'Cause he don't need to go the same rap that I went Been there, done that.. aw {fuck} it... What am I sayin? Do 'em both Grady, where's your gun at? {gun fires, is cocked, and re-fired} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Eminem f/ Dr. Dre, Nikki Grier Album: Relapse: Refill Song: Hell Breaks Loose Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Eminem] I want you, to understand somethin That when I come up in this bitch I want the fans jumpin I want their fists pumpin in the air, I don't look like a millionaire But I feel like a million bucks; ladies won't ya fill your cups Shady's come to feel ya up, are you a D or a C cup? You could even be a B, it's just me and D-R-E You'll be in the E.R., we are strapped with so much T.N.T. We may blow, no not even C.P.R. from the E.M.T.'s could help you to resuscitate, you busters must be flustered, wait You can't cut the mustard, what's your problem? Can't you bust a grape? {*chka-chk-chk*} What's my name? Shady came and just crushed the game It's really not even fair to them, cause they pale in comparison So much they might as well wear his skin, don't ya wish you could just share his pen? Cause this shit's gettin embarrassin, the fog is thick and the air is thin Cause he won't even let them try to breathe, la-didi-da-da-da-didi He makes it look so easy, girl you just hit the lottery [Chorus: Eminem + Nikki Grier] Now this would be the part of the song that they drop the needle on and hell, breaks, loose Try to restrain us you can't contain us, we're still gonna make a stink no matter what, we, do Everywhere we go it seems we're lookin for any excuse to just, cut, loose So this would be the part of the song that they drop the needle on and hell, breaks, loose [Dr. Dre] + (Eminem) This is when shit hits the fan, like it just splattered on Stan This is the only moment that matters; your homie rolled in with Mathers Now chaos erupts, Em's in back, Dre's in the front So do what we say at once, this song's like a sance, it haunts (It makes 'em stay in a trance, no choice, they have to dance) It's like the playoffs, just makin sure that we stay in the hunt Take a day off for what? Man you better lay off the blunts You must be smokin somethin you think I ain't smokin nothin, stay off my nuts Now hit the flo' baby, time to wipe away all the rust Shake all them cobwebs loose, loosen up with a little bit of Grey Goose Yeah girl shake that caboose, I don't wanna see you try to make no excuse D-R-E is on the loose, a mongoose when it comes to the chronic use You know I can't stand to lose, me and my goons are like animals We come through like a pack of wolves, and we came here to retract the roof Yeah man ain't that the truth, girl your man's back in the booth Definitely back up in this bitch, and this is when all hell breaks loose [Eminem] Now I know you're feelin discouraged but homie just mark my words I'm mur-durin the flow, liquid courage I'm finna blow As soon as we hit the do' power surges head to toe I'm sure to push it as far as words are meant to go We're in the indigo Winnebago with tinted windows Ferocious as we proceed to beat up the block wit yo' hoe With speakers knockin it's 3 o'clock Me and Doc then proceed to drop E and hop out the vehicle and knock on your do' [Dr. Dre] Yeah, so let us in 'fore we huff and puff and we blow We ain't bluffin for nothin, we'll knock the stuffin out you Revenge is so sweet, move 'til you injure your feet Yeah, move it or lose it freak, groove to the beat, +Lose Yourself+ indubitably Pass up on that little cute chick right there? That'd be pretty damn stupid of me Born and raised in the CPT, yeah Los Angeles, cruisin the streets Them haters hatin on me, but I refuse to lose any sleep Keep that deuce-deuce on the seat, Dre fall off? That's news to me The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Eminem f/ Dr. Dre Album: Relapse Song: My Darling (iTunes Bonus) Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com [Eminem] {*yawns*} Yeah, look If I would've rap about the crap that's out, that's the route you probably want me to take cause you're just dyin to know what I think Here my take on some other rappers If I was to say somethin about Paul Wall you'd probably crap in your pants Cause I'm white and he's white, so he's like my competition I mean, right? Nope Paul Wall is dope, and so is Bubba, so {*blblblbl, pbbbbt*} B-b-b-b-b-b, but I don't compete with nobody I just go hard, do the rope-a-dope Ali shuffle And dance around my opponents, do donuts Sometimes I play possum, like I'm asleep it's awesome I'm like a sleepin giant and when I awake I'm like Dre I just jump from outta nowhere and bite break And sink my teeth in 'em and fill 'em, full of poison And make a noise like a snake before I kill 'em And let 'em know that I just don't feel 'em And smack 'em with the backwards E on the Eminem emblem I was taught if you gonna murder somebody you should face 'em Tell 'em why, look 'em dead in the eye, then waste 'em And the dark shall emerge from the fiery depths of hell Then swallow the shell, all the hollow who dwell in the shadows of all who are willing to sell their souls For this rap game and it gg-goes One-two-three, chk-chk one-two-three Chk-chk one-two-three, that ain't the hook, now follow me There's nothing else for me to say, my public adores me Everybody bores me, they're just so corny So at night before I sleep, I look in the mirror The mirror grows lips and it whispers "Come nearer" [Chorus: Eminem] My darling, I don't ever want you to leave, you're my darling You and me were meant to be together my darling And if I cannot have you no one can, you're my darling Cause I possess your soul, your mind, your heart and your body I don't ever want you to leave, you're my darling You and me were meant to be together my darling And if I cannot have you no one can, you're my darling Cause I possess your soul, your mind, your heart and your body [Eminem] + (devil) (Shady, I know you're in there somewhere, come here  Talk to me, sit, here, pull up a chair  Why don't you cut your hair? {*laughs*}  Dye it back, c'mon try it) AHHHH! No I told you leave me the fuck alone, will you?! (But I'm here to rebuild you) But I already killed you! (But Shady, we were meant for each other  Think about your mother) Yeah, so what of her? (You think about what she did to you and your little brother  All them foster homes) FUCK YOU MOTHERFUCKER! I had you beat! (No, I was playin possum  Remember? I let you watch your little girls blossom  I gave you enough time, your soul's mine  I'm takin it back!) You fuckin bitch, WHY?! (Because I love you, look a little closer  Isn't that us on that poster? Hahaha!) [Eminem] + (devil) (Shady, listen  "SHADY!" - you hear that?  They're screamin for you, I can bring your career back) But I don't want it back (Yes you do) no I don't (Yes you do, you're gonna regret it later) No I won't (I'ma get Dre on the phone, I'll just call the Doctor) Go ahead, I already talked to, Dre yesterday (Well I got him on the phone right now) [Dr. Dre] + (Eminem) Slim (you're lyin) yo Slim! (How, why now?) (Whattup Dre?) Check this out Slim, I gotta talk to you I don't know, it just seems like ever since you got off your drugs you became a lot softer (But Dre, all Shady is is a bottle of hair bleach and vodka) Well, just think about it Slim, I'm here Just hit me back and let me know what's up (FUCK THIS MIRROR!) {*glass breaks*} [Eminem] + (devil) AHHH! (I'm not in the mirror, I'm inside you  Let me guide you) FUCK YOU, DIE YOU SON-OF-A-BITCH! {*gun cocks*} (Put the gun down) Bye-bye! {*blam*} Okay, I'm still alive (so am I too!  You can't kill a spirit even if you tried to  Ha ha, you sold your soul to me, need I remind you?  You remember that night you  prayed to God you'd give anything to get a record deal, well Dre signed you  This is what you wanted your whole life Marshall, right? Ooh  Look at this house, look at these cars, they're so nice, woo!  Oh, but you didn't know fame has a price to?  That you just now seein the downside too?  Lose your best friend from high school, your wife too  Ain't even sure if your kids like you?  Come off tour, can't even sleep at night without NyQuil  Think I'm a Valium addict, start a rehab cycle  But together we can break the cycle  Marshall) WHAT?! (No one's gonna love you like I do) [Eminem] I said I don't ever want you to leave, you're my darling You and me were meant to be together my darling And if I cannot have you no one can, you're my darling Cause I possess your soul, your mind, your heart and your body {*echoes*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Eminem f/ Dr. Dre Album: Relapse Song: Old Time's Sake Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Intro: Eminem] Good evening, this is your fucking captain speaking We will soon be reaching an altitude of, 4 million-and-a-half feet That's 8 million miles in the sky Please, undo your seatbelt for takeoff {*kchht*} You are now free to smoke about the cabin, cabin, chka [Dr. Dre] I'm Dre from, back in the day from N.W.A. from, black and the gray from Chokin a bitch to, smackin her face from Stackin up bodies to, rackin AK's up From rackin up hits to, stackin them crates up I'm still hungry and I'm back with a tapeworm And we're what's happenin in rap entertainment Me and Shady, far as competition faggot there ain't none [Eminem] Speak of the devil it's attack of the Rainman Chainsaw in hand, bloodstain on my apron Soon as the blade spun, vrunn, they run away from Who wanna play dungeon, no one is safe from In search of a brain surgeon, a great one Wait, it ain't funny man it's urgent, I need one Two boxes of detergent and a paint gun And an emergency squirt gun to spray A-1, so [Chorus: Eminem] One more time for old time's sake Dre drop that beat, and scratch that break Now just blow a little bit of that smoke my way And let's go - you are now smokin with the best, best, chka I said one more time for old time's sake Dre drop that beat, and scratch that break Now just send a little bit of that smoke my way And let's gooo - you are now smokin with the best, best, chka [Eminem] Smoke signal in the sky like Verizon Wireless A nice environment, surprised entirely Hypotized by the sound, I surround the hydrants Takin lives of firemen Say goodbye, here I am again; naked wives and Vicodin Before I begin to get so high pussy bwoy I could spin Vinn, vinn; fuck the handle I fly off the hinge Let that boy off the bench coach and throw it to him There he goes in his trenchcoat, no clothes again Baby make us some french toast and show us some skin I'll show you every inch grows on my fore-a-skin Show me nipple, I'm pinch both and throw up a ten Now you know it's a sin to tease, blow us again The sorcerer of intercourse, if it's forced it's him Don't fight the feelin if you're feelin the force within Then when you wake up in the morning next to the porcelain, so [Dr. Dre] Now where there's smoke there's fire, where there's fire there's flames Where there's flames there's chronic, either you high or you ain't I got no time for no games [Eminem] Nuh-uh, he ain't playin He's gon' get the AK and aim it right at your brai-ain I'm slightly insa-ane, vodka and Creatine Hypnotiq and Red Bull, it's an incredible energy drink And it's "giving me wings," +I Believe I Can Fly+ While I pee on the girl, you won't catch me C.S.I. It's as easy as pie, and as simple as cake Dre get on the mic and make 'em tremble and shake [Dr. Dre] Now put your smoke up in the air, raise your Henny and Coke And if you really wanna get fucked up, just let me know We can smoke 'til there's no more lighter fluid to do it Let's get into it, you're smokin with the tried-est and truest I got the Midas touch when it comes to rollin shit up You motherfuckers ain't smokin, you just holdin shit up Now here we go let's get up, get down, hold up a blunt I smoke the kinda stuff that make the records go number one Cause if at first you don't succeed, won't hurt to smoke some weed Now them words are just a little more personal for me Seein as how, I blew up off of puffin them trees [Eminem] + (Dr. Dre) Well smoke enough for me, fuck yeah, light it up Cheech C'mon, smoke me out cuz, give me contact buzz Get me on track, they love me when I'm on that stuff "But this is Earth calling, Shady man, come on back!" What? "Man we're losin him, he won't even respond back, fuck!" Now look at all the pretty women in here (damn bitches) Dre it's hot, I think we better go check on their temperatures I'll get the thermometer, you get the bandages Now baby just bend over, this won't hurt a damn bit just And give me The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Eminem f/ Dr. Dre Album: The Eminem Show Song: Say What You Say Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Dre] So I'm out the game huh? [Em] Huh? {*echoes*} Yo Dre, WE RIDIN? [Dre] Whatever! [Em] Haha! Well I'm witcha homies [Dre] Okay; let's handle the small shit [Eminem] I was born to brew up storms and stir up shit Kick up dust, CUSS 'til I slur up spit Grew up - too quick went through too much do too much shit Corrupt, and I'm a pour it on like syrup bitch! Thick and rich, sick and twisted, Mr. Buttersworth Dre told me to milk the shit for what it's worth 'til the cow just tilts and tips and stumbles to earth {*poof*} And if I fumble the verse, keep goin First take, I make mistakes, just keep it No punches pulled no punches that's weak shit Fake shit, if I ever take shit I'll EAT shit Wasn't for him, wouldn't be shit [Dr. Dre] Creep wit me, as we take a lil' trip down memory lane Been here longer than anyone in the game And I ain't got to lie about my age (But what about Jermaine?) Fuck Jermaine! He don't belong speakin mine or Timbaland's name And don't think, I don't read your lil' interviews, and see what you're sayin I'm a giant, and I ain't gotta move 'til I'm provoked When I see you I'ma step on you and not even know it You midget, Mini-Me with a bunch of little Mini-Yous runnin around your backyard swimmin pools Over 80 million records sold And I ain't have to do it with ten or eleven-year-olds [Chorus 2X: Eminem] Cause what you say is what you say, say what you say how you say it whenever you sayin it, just remember how you said it when you were sprayin it So who you playin with huh.. huh.. huh.. huh? [Eminem] Second verse, it gets worse, it gets no better than this Amateurs drink veteran piss from a Dixie Cup, if you ever mix me up or CONFUSE ME with a Canibus or Dre with a DUPRI! We'll rub it in, every club you're in will have you blackballed and make sure you never rap a-fuckin-gain Dre ain't havin it; long as I'm here to play Devil's Advocate [Dr. Dre] If there was some magic shit I could wave over the industry that could save it when I'm gone and buried to make sure the tradition carries on, I would [Eminem] If I could only use this power for good I wouldn't; not even if I could [Dr. Dre] From the hood and I'm a hornet And I'ma only sting when I'm cornered [Eminem] And I'ma only sucka punch and swing without warning And swing to knock somebody's fuckin head off Cause I know if they get up I won't get a chance to let off Another punch I'm punk rock, no one's punk Don't give a FUCK! White 'Pac, so much spunk When I was little I knew I would blow up and sell a mill' and grow up, to be Atilla, go nuts and be a pillar [Dr. Dre] And I'm, somethin of a phenom' One puff of the chron', I'm unstoppable I'm alive and on top again There's no obstacle that I can't conquer so come along with us (come on!) [Dr. Dre] Now anybody who knows Dre knows I'm about fast cars and Alize, partyin all day But I handle my business cause it's work before play Don't look for trouble but I'll serve you gourmet However you want it, you can have it your way You fuck my night up I'ma fuck up your day Bullet with your name, sendin it your way {*clack*} That goes for anyone who walks through that doorway Cause this is my space, you invade it, live to regret it and you die tryin to violate it Fuck around, get annihilated; eyes dilated [Eminem] Heh, like my old lady Cause what you say is what you say, sometimes what you mean is two different things, dependin on your mood if it swings Think too many things Little hit of Dre's weed, I can do anything Catch a contact then I'm gone and I'm back I speed right; and my looseleaf's my launchpad [Dr. Dre] And I can pull any string Don't have to prove anything, catch a contract on your head You headed West, talk shit about Dre? You better get a vest, and invest in somethin to protect your head and neck [Eminem] And it's back and forth all day like Red and Meth I joke when I say I'm best in the booth, but a lot of truth is said in jest And if I ever do live to be a legend I'ma die a sudden death Five mics in The Source? Ain't holdin my fuckin breath But I'll suffocate for the respect 'fore I'll breathe to collect a fuckin check [Dre] Watch your fuckin mouth [Tim] Yo this Timbaland, tell them I said suck *chka* MY dick! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Eminem f/ 50 Cent, Ca$his, Dr. Dre, Jay-Z, Stat Quo Album: Syllables 12" Song: Syllables Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Intro] It is not about lyrics anymore! It's about a hot beat, and a catchy hook! [Eminem] If we gotta dumb down our style and, A-B-C it then so be it, cause nowadays these kids Jeez, don't give a shit 'bout lyrics All they wanna hear is a beat and that's it Long as they can go to the club and get blitzed Pick up some chicks and get some digits And the DJ's playin them hits "Oh this my jam, this my shit! We don't know a word to a verse, all we know is the chorus Cause the chorus repeats the same four words for us" And the song's ginormous, the whole formula's switched cause we don't know anymore what are hits Is it the beat? Is it the rap? Is it a finger snap or the same 8-0-8 clap? And how do we adapt and get TRL votes when 13-year olds control the remotes? And Ashlee's got a brand new nose We gotta put some new em-phas-is on our syl-la-lables [Jay-Z] If the emphasis on a compact disc isn't a beat then I'm gon' feature Em and get rich and let Dre mix the shit and drive off in the Range Rove' Cause e'rywhere I go they love the bling-bling flow The bang-bang, look at the way my chain glow The ring on my fing' cost Jermaine a lot of dough (oh) The fuck am I bustin my brain fo'? It's just the way the game go, and oh it takes two to tango You call this a lame flow? You bought the shit! I guess you to blame too, I just found the angle Hehe, no more reality flows I'm tryin to time my album droppin with a reality show Cock the mac-11 front of Hot 97 And call my publicist, tell her we in press heaven Hehe, no one gives a shit except some kids that just got into sex on the internet So you want the chat room or the house in Malibu? Em, your emphasis is on the wrong syl-la-lable [Dr. Dre] Jay said 30's the new 20, funny Must mean 40's the new 30, interestin Cause ever since then it's been in essence an extension for veteran rappers that are better than half of the shit comin out right now, it's all trash The torch is gonna burn out before it gets passed Jay said it's his last, then 50 and Em Then what? "Detox" drops, what do we got then? So now our whole camps is runnin around, scramblin over what to do, gamblin Every time we put a record out just lookin for that hook [Em] Wait Dre, look~! [Chorus: Eminem - singing] Shorty I love youuuuuuu And you loooove me tooooooo We were meant to be Cause shorty you love meeeeeee And I loooove you tooooooo And I promise I'll be true to you [50 Cent] Go shorty, it's your birthday You made it just in time to hear my wordplay It's the kid that flip flows who used to flip O's I run G for days, you should see how I get hoes I'm international, I get my dick licked 'round the globe I'm sick right into shows when ridin on lo-lo's Puffin on cocoa, my bitch in Manolo's Don't fuck with the dodos, that's slang for dumb hoes Think I'm playin I ain't got time to joke, joke You fuck around you could get yo' ass smoked, loc It's not a game, me B, I ain't playin Be behind me playa, so you here anyway You don't hear what I'm sayin, me finini-nay Fee-fideedee-day, just give me my check then I'll be on my way Sonny bunny money you're funny You ain't even listenin and I just took your money [Stat Quo] There once was a time everywhere he turned Shady/Aftermath was all you heard But they said 50 sang too much and Em got soft And they said Dre just fell the fuck off Well fuck the fuck-offs, all y'all eat salt Be mad, we back fresh up out of the vault, oh! New syl-la-lables, eat balls you fuck-offs Yo' house, yo' bitch, I'm gettin sucked off East, South, Midwest, even up North Fallin victim to wax spittin, bring out the white chalk All for the gingerbread we get it and get lost Catch me if you can, I'm runnin past while y'all walk [Ca$his] Shady made me for bringin it back For the history of rap, it's gone with a snap A snare, and a clap What happened to just spittin 'bout livin in the muh'fuckin city you at? In the grimiest condition, I breathe in drama King Mathers and Ca$h meet, that's freak karma I'm everything anything you could never be It's a hittin, rhymin a month deep in the beat I speak with a piece, no peace on my mind I repeat every evil deed done to mine No rest, contest, contract is signed By blood I'm in this squad for life Air out my windpipes and, I just chime I'm the reason you guys won't say that line I'm crazy, "Renagade" like Em and Jay-Z I'm Rosemary's baby, I want you to hate me [Outro] It is not about lyrics anymore {*2X*} It's about a hot beat, a hot beat {*2X*} A hot-hot-hot beat, and a catchy hook {*2X*} Nobody gives a damn about them syllables, syl-la-lables Whatever they are I don't care if they gotta rhyme Schmoe, moe, Joe, toe and flow Now get out there and sell some Goddamn records! {*repeat to fade*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Firm f/ Dr. Dre Album: Phone Tap 12" Song: Everyday Thing Typed by: dy_face@yahoo.com [Intro: Nas Escobar] Uhh.. What? Y'all don't get this everyday, word! [Verse One: Nas Escobar] With so much drama in Q-B-C, it's kind of hard being Escobaro El Derado red, sipping Don out the bottle My life is like a Donald Goines novel We wave glasses like Bravo, drunk niggaz with mad problems Shot pockets, niggaz on the block rock this Buy cocaine, cook it and chop it Looking to profit, in triple ways Going through this difficult stage Called life when each year my physical is praised Niggaz slip beyond to reach your help Cut in the street, thinking they can teach their self When all we wanted was a piece of wealth And randomly we feed our family, these streets are insanity Amber me, caught inside a thug's fantasy Richest nigga in showbiz; is what I plan to be Heavy desire, hold this nine ready to fire You know me, show me the money like I'm Jerry Maguire It's on [Verse Two: Nature] It's time we set it straight, connect with Dre the correct way Predicted platinum in less than a day So for that we toast, this one's for us while y'all lacking hope All I do is write rap, stack, relax and smoke Watching my dreams come true, stay humble in the eyes of others Politicking with the wisest brothers It's Nature, one of the latest, peep how I play this Straight from The Bridge, one of your kid's favorites From now, til the day that I'm stiff Foul flagrant, pay the rent, always stay swift Stuck in my ways, type chauvinistic Since the youth; I had a thing for big hoops, flooded rings and older bitches Holding my riches, in lump sums, for trust funds Fully recovered thugs lust to bust guns While some will get drunk, beat wives and cuss sons A slow process, called life, let's show progress [Verse Three: Dr. Dre] Check it.. when I said I hold my own I wasn't fronting Never claimed to be the baddest, but skills; I got a little something Coming through, new clique and tracks Known for blazing on the Chronic that's what put me on the map Nothing can give me more pleasure to start this I worked the hardest, dug the farthest Making me illest producing artist Done crimes, ran from One Time Can catch me with my crew busting rhymes in the sun shine state No caste; to build; I chill with millionaires Out to make the killing for real, my resolution this year Few places I walked, most imagine New faces I met at beauty pageants Past cuties, now wanna do me Yo, I never forgot where I'm from I check for family and every nigga that was down from day one If you ain't speaking money language I can't hang You know your conversation is weak, so it's senseless to speak The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Firm f/ Dr. Dre Album: The Firm Song: Firm Family Typed by: nelly@itis.com Intro:  A tale of two cities. Right here. Nature: It's time we set it straight connect with Dre the correct way Predicting platnum in less then a day So for that we amound us while y'all lackin' hope All I do is write raps stack relax and smoke Seeing my dreams come true stayin' humble in the eyes of others Politician with the wisest brothers It's Nature one of the greatest peep how I play this Straight from the Bridge one of your kids favorites From not till the day that I'm stiff fowl flagerant pay the rent  Always stay swift, stuck in my ways type shovanistic Since a youth I had a thing for big jewels Flooded rings and older bitches holding my riches  In lump sums for trust funds fully recoved thugs lust to bust guns While niggas get drunk beat wifes and cuss sons A slow process called life, let's show progress Dre: Don Cortes, white rags cherry bently Cop shines from Italy speak money language fluently Never fuck with the nastiest flashiest Bought a house as big as Scarface to show my happyness Rackin' the 6 0's for those that want to get personal to home Cock the heavy metal rollin' with my stones Prominent with flashy garments spread a mill small bills Bring a smile to an ill grill Popular loved throughout the industry  If they sue light a philly cause the judge has gotta Free Willy Solute with chill Remy gently escort four ladies an arm The four caesers at he club Pentleys condo sweets I'm fancy 20 floors up overlookin' ladies boomerang they panties Bump the Firm Family's latest takin' trips to Las Dregas That's how we do it Aftermath incorperated Hook: C'mon c'mon c'mon c'mon it's the motherfuckin' Frim Family ooh Yeah, I better pinch myself to make sure I'm not dreaming Ooh cause the way you make me feel I feel like ooh screaming Nature: I spit rhymes for the radio and spit for tours Spend doe that I never thought I'd hold before Now if you just wanna front, you know my styles tight Niggas never should of plugged up the motherfuckin' mic Sippin' Tangeray 60 inch screen when we hang with Dre I just flew in from Queens no bag and plan to stay In the heat park this Royals Royce up in the beat Seeing topless bitches rollerblading in the street Dr. Dre: While I lounge in a jacousy sky cliff blue got the whole crew Nas, AZ, Nature, Foxy there too, how we do? Hit trees Cristal bottles, breeze tropical spread love till we wobble It's time to give let the kids live comfortable Anybody pumpin' between the East and West...fuck you Make moves political hit this revenue Set examples respect every individual Hook (x1.5) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Firm f/ Dr.Dre Album: The Firm  Song: Phone Tap Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Nas]	Yo this Esco, who this? [AZ] What's the deally? I just touched grounds down in Philly Brought a pound with me, Feds floatin around silly Tryin to find Lynn, bitch supposed to be in the Benz Parked in row ten, her and that slow hoe Gwen Should of known she was a bitch that we both could of boned to post it alone, the ass had us both in the zone But you know the rules, both been schooled by older dudes I know the jewels No time for them thoughts, too much to lose  Just tryin to vibe until them hoes role with the ride Where's your joy and pride? You know little Des got your eyes [Nas] In the cut, drop-Z okay, the top's up Left the mall bought Little Amal the toy truck Your boy's what, three years old now, correct? He and my daughter age neck and neck, they futures set Trees got me wet, in the background's an old cassette Fly Stephanie Mills shit What's the deal with, all this shit I'm hearin up top  You got arrested, shot a fair one with a cop That ain't ya stee', you usually low key with no t I'm only goin off of what some weak bitch told me [AZ] That's some ill shit, hear that bitch go with her click [Nas] Yo Dunn,  I'll hit you right back cause the static is thick [spanish speaker -> words unknown] Chorus: Dr. Dre We got your phone tapped, what you gon' do  Cause sooner or later, we'll have your whole crew All we need now is the right word or two  to make all it stick like glue, then you through We got your phone tapped, what you gon' do  Cause sooner or later, we'll have your whole crew All we need now is the right word or two  to make all it stick like glue, we got you [AZ] We just hit the cribbo, I'm curled up on this pillow I'm still low, hold the ill news, these niggaz killed mo' The shit touched me, tryin to chill just lit a dutchie  from a while back - same foul cats who tried to bust me  Caught 'em sleeppin, in Spanish Harlem with some Puerto Ricans Up in Washington Heights right off the Deacon Feel awful speakin, for some reason, feel the phone's tapped Alone with gats left with a vest to watch my own back [Nas] Keep your eyes open - stay wide, shit is mind blowin Look for any sign showin one-time is knowin about the dynasty, shit is not minor leauges no more Cats bleed in this cold war Son we took an oath, then this life took us both We rich now, milk the whole cow, split the growth  Now I'm on the car doin, headlights on Fluid in the windsheild wipes gone this light storm that's formin in the sky, you comin home tomorrow? Will you drive or will you fly - hold up, my other side [Nature] Yo son some other cats tried to ruin our plans Sendin two decoy bitches with pictures of you and your man Askin your whereabouts - I gave 'em no leads  For all the nigga know them hoes fuck with police [Nas] No shit I'm clickin over, I'ma tell Sos' quick Son - them outta state bitches tryin to get us both hit That was Nate, he hit me last night late while in my hoe's stomach Said it's no hundred, we FBI's most wanted So play the low, change your clothes, pack your bags Watch what you say on this phone, get home fast Chorus [AZ] Yo it's all good I'ma hit you when I touch down tomorrow son, word [Nas] Stay on point - don't even use the phone just come to my crib yo, word up [AZ] Out The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Funkmaster Flex f/ Dr. Dre Album: The Mix Tape Volume IV: 60 Minutes of Funk Song: Intro Typed by: UpToWNKiLLa181@aol.com [Dr. Dre] Yeah, yeah, whattup Northeast Bronx? This ya nigga Dre, in here with my nigga, Funk Flex America's hottest, what? You know how he do his thang Hot97, Power106, MTV, The Tunnel, what? My nigga doin' big things, and you know what? Turn up your motherfucking volume cause it's about to happen 60 Minutes Of Funk, Volume IV Holdin down the motherfucking DJ crown Do that shit Flex [Funkmaster Flex] (Dr. Dre) WHAT THE FUCK YOU KNOW 'BOUT IT NIGGA?!?! (Hahaha) BACK THE FUCK UP!! I GOT THIS!! BE CLEAR!! WE TAKING NO FUCKING SHIT!! DON'T FUCK!! [Dr. Dre] Some of that, yeah, yeah, some of that Dr. Dre keep, keepin it on Rock, shock the house, turn, turn it out y'all Funk Flex keep, keepin it on Rock, shock the house, turn, turn it out y'all Dr. Dre keep, keepin it on Rock, shock the house, turn, turn it out y'all Funk Flex keep, keepin it on Rock, shock the house, turn, turn it out y'all (y'all) *Switches to Funkmaster Flex f/ DMX's "Do You"* The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Game f/ Dr. Dre Album: The Documentary Song: The Documentary Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [30 second skit opens the song] [The Game] + (Dr. Dre) What happened in here pop, that got 'Pac and Big shot The thick plots, now every rapper claim he let his clip pop But even myself tote a gun and know to run To get shot I been there before, now I'm fuckin with Doc (Gotta do them Calvin Broadus numbers) If not I'll pitch rocks, anticipatin, my incarceration Media think I'm fakin like Mason But when it come to mace fuck R. Kelly I don't take it in the face I find out who sprayed and I'm puttin you under the pavement No buddhist priest, catholic, or baptist pastor can save him I'm far from religious, but I got beliefs So I put canary yellow diamonds in my Jesus piece I came back from the dead without a part of my chest Laid in the hospital bed on cardiac arrest I waited for three years while everybody else dropped Now I understand why Nas did a song with his pops [Chorus 2X: The Game] I'm "Ready to Die" without a "Reasonable Doubt" Smoke "Chronic" and hit it "Doggystyle" before I go out Until they sign my "Death Certificate" "All Eyez on Me" I'm still at it, "Illmatic" and that's "The Documentary" [The Game] + (Dr. Dre) (Documentary) If I die my niggaz, fuck it I did a song with Mary Blige my niggaz Got a hook from Faith, no verse from Jay I guess on "Westside Story" he thought I spit in his face Told Ed Lover and Monie Love I was talkin to Ja With that Maybach line, it was payback time Keep fuckin with me nigga, I'll put you under me Take your car and trade it in for 8 300C's If you cross my T, I'll dot your eyes You'll do life in a cemetary, I'll do mine with Shyne Come home, sit in the throne with my legs crossed And my Air Force, middle finger up, fuck the world Cause I'm feelin like Puff when "Life After Death" hit "Mo' Money Mo' Problems" and I lost my best friend I'm the second dopest nigga from Compton you'll ever hear The first nigga only put out albums every 7 years, haha [Ed Lover] Haha, you know what, speakin of Jay, that just makes me roll down Now your song, "Westside Story," you got a line that says "Don't wear throwbacks, or drive ride in Maybachs" - was that a shot at Jay? [The Game] Nah I was talkin about Ja Rule Yeah so, I mean, I got a lot of respect for Jay, y'knahmsayin I never take shots at legends, I just, that's just somethin I don't do.. Let me tell you why I do this shit I'ma son of a gun, cause moms was a Hoover Crip First day I got signed I had to prove I spit Freestyled with Busta Rhymes [Busta] Son, duke is SICK! The protege of Doc Dre, I can finally put the shoes on Now that the rumors of Rakim and Cube gone They say Truth Hurts sunk like quicksand Don't stop me in traffic and ask about Hittman I gotta restore the feeling, and crawl from under the rock After the Dogg Pound crushed the buildings I got a family to feed, I'm the middle of 9 children We can talk about a loan after I sell 5 million If I tell you I ain't Game and I don't know Dre You gon' do me like Xzibit and cut half my face? I take all the credit for puttin the West back on the map You ain't feelin that, guess I'm Guerilla Black [Dr. Dre] Documentary Artist: (The Game f/) Dr. Dre Album: The R.E.D. Album Song: Dr. Dre 1 Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Dr. Dre] Now his parents hustled, so he was left at home by himself a lot So shit, he did whatever the fuck he wanted to do When "Boyz N the Hood" came out, this lil' nigga rolled himself a joint  and watched the whole motherfucker by himself His pops didn't give a fuck, but if moms found out? Shit, she'd kill him and his daddy She didn't want him seein, bein, or gettin caught up in no gangsta shit So she never knew.. until now Artist: (The Game f/) Dr. Dre Album: The R.E.D. Album Song: Dr. Dre 2 Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Dr. Dre] In Compton, you either a Blood or a Crip Nigga ain't no in between Shit was a hard decision for him to make cause both his parents was Crips His Uncle Greg was a Crip, he died when he was 5 His brother Javon was a Crip, he got murdered when he was just 13 After that he decided that bein a Crip just wasn't for him So he ran across the tracks until everything turned red And never looked back Artist: (The Game f/) Dr. Dre Album: The R.E.D. Album Song: Dr. Dre Intro Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Dr. Dre] His moms and pops met in Compton Pops was from Nutty Blocc Compton Crip Moms was from South Central, she claimed Hoover They had the lil' nigga in 1979 at Martin Luther King Hospital And if you know anything about Killa King you know this: Bein born there, is just like dyin there Artist: (The Game f/) Dr. Dre Album: The R.E.D. Album Song: Dr. Dre Outro Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Dr. Dre] Now this nigga been shot, but you already know that He went to jail recently  and Monster Kody told him, "This ain't no place for you" He said bein locked up 24 hours a day, that shit ain't gangsta He said bein outside takin care of yo' family that's the most gangsta shit a nigga could ever do He said the shit I did for him, takin him out the hood Givin him a chance to be some-motherfuckin-body Now that shit was GANGSTA Artist: The Game f/ Dr. Dre, Sly, Snoop Dogg Album: The R.E.D. Album Song: Drug Test Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Dr. Dre] I'm in this muh'fucker doin what I wanna Ten bottles, ten bitches go up out the sauna Pull up in that Enzo and then I do donuts I'm that cool, cashews, make 'em all go nuts [Game] Baby got ass, I need me a shot of that Lil' mama get gangsta for me, stuff it in your Prada bag [Dr. Dre] That's right, she got some'in that I wanna see That's right, so if she leave she's fuckin with me That's life, twerk some'in, work some'in, hurt some'in She want a check, check this shit out like a verse comin They wreck they neck and ran they mouth when they heard some'in Dre dropped another one and fucked around and murdered some'in Club filled with dead bodies If not then you a zombie, I'm not gon' feel sorry If you pass out from it, get drunk, get blunted Do what you wanna do; drug test on, you [Game] (Moolah) Lotta money when I talk Big mil's, big deals, 'bout a hundred in a vault sit still, that's real, lotta haters throw salt They lost, big Game give a fuck how you feel I feel she just might pop that pill And feel on me all night 'til the tip spill Tip scales with her waistline, sex with the bassline She gon' fuck a snare drum one drink at a time [Dr. Dre] Blow right, hoes fight over my name I got my dough right, hustle runnin all in my veins It's forty days, forty nights if I'm makin it rain I reign supreme, a bottle and some bomb ass weed and we good [Chorus: Sly] If you got drugs in this muh'fucker (ohh) Let me see your hands in the air Narcotics in the club and the ladies love us So let's get high off somethin High off somethin, high off somethin 'Til your motherfuckin brain don't function High off somethin, high off somethin (I can't take it anymore!) [Game] Fireworks when I spark Yellow tape, lotta chalk, thought you said you a boss Big deal, bitch chill, pullin out that black card Showin off, big spendin, lettin alcohol spill I feel she just might get too faded, X-rated That's what I like, glad that you made it to the ceremony at hand, take a sip, let's plan for the future, introduce ya to Snoop get you right and [Snoop Dogg] May (may) I (I) kick a little somethin for the G's (G's) and (and) make a few ends as I breeze (breeze) through (through) This shit on my hip is a fuckin preview And guess what it lead to? Blaow! [Dr. Dre] Yeah! DJ Khalil! Let's go! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Game f/ Common, Dr. Dre, Nate Dogg Album: You Know What it Is Vol. 3 Song: Where I'm From Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Common] Yeah yeah whattup doe this Common right here Look, my nigga Game, you know how we rotate Chicago, to Compton Gangbangin the revolution boy, aight? Yo it's love, my nigga Game, peace (DJ Ski, is bringin it to the streets!) [Dr. Dre] Streets is talkin, sayin Dre done changed And he ain't been to the hood, well how the fuck I find Game? I studied this rap shit, still a "Hundred Miles and Runnin'" Still makin Aftermath classics You might catch me out in traffic Oh-five Aston, bitches askin "Where I'm From" Y'all forgot who helped 50 Cent pop I ain't spent my own money since Eminem dropped In eighty-fo' I had the streets locked I am to gangsta rap what Biz Markie is to beatbox Niggaz think cause I stopped on that "Detox" I traded in my All Stars for some Freeboks Speakers still bumpin, the beats still comin Compton's version of Phil Drummond Same Dre, "Different Strokes," same six-fo', different spokes Same "Chronic" just different smoke [Chorus: Nate Dogg] + {*scratches*} If you don't know {*"Aftermath, nigga with a attitude"*} {*"Game time niggaz, Westside!"*} Where I'm from {*"Nigga with a attitude, Straight Outta Compton we rock khakis and Chucks*"} If you don't know {*"Almost lost my life when Dre dropped The Chronic"*} {*"Legend in the making*"} Where I'm from {*"Aftermath you bastards, watch your colors in this City of Angels"*} [The Game] Y'all niggaz got it fucked up, what you thought cause I'm from Compton I couldn't do numbers like Usher? Platinum certified, nigga that's a mill' plus Play both sides of the fence cause the Crips feel cuz See me ridin with Nate, nigga it's still Bloods You can C-Walk to this homey it's still love Nigga I've been bangin since Mary J. did "Real Love" (If you don't know) I painted the Rover black The West coast is back, I can smoke to that Moms got the CL-6, that's a fact I bought the house, I'm just waitin on the platinum plaques Niggaz lookin for a cat to jack Homey I'm willin to do two life sentences back to back So please don't push me You niggaz is WNBA - all pussy The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice Cube f/ Dr. Dre, MC Ren Album: War and Peace Vol. 2 (The Peace Disc) Song: Hello Typed by: elrookus@hotmail.com, OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Ice Cube] Look at these Niggaz With Attitudes Look at these Niggaz With Attitudes Look at these Niggaz With Attitudes Look at these Niggaz With Attitudes {Hello..} [Dr. Dre] I started this gangsta shit And this the motherfuckin thanks I get? {Hello..} [MC Ren] I started this gangsta shit And this the motherfuckin thanks I get? {Hello..} [Ice Cube] The motherfuckin world is a ghetto Full of magazines, full clips, and heavy metal When the smoke settle.. .. I'm just lookin for a big yellow; in six inch stilletos Dr. Dre {Hello..} perculatin keep em waitin While you sittin here hatin, yo' bitch is hyperventilatin' Hopin that we penetratin, you gets natin cause I never been to Satan, for hardcore administratin Gangbang affiliatin; MC Ren'll have you  wildin off a zone and a whole half a gallon {Get to dialin..} 9 1 1 emergency {And you can tell em..} It's my son he's hurtin me {And he's a felon..} On parole for robbery Ain't no coppin a plea, ain't no stoppin a G I'm in the 6 you got to hop in the 3, company monopoly You handle shit sloppily I drop a ki properly They call me the Don Dada Pop a collar, drop a dollar if you hear me you can holla Even rottweilers, follow, the Impala Wanna talk about this concrete? Nigga I'm a scholar The incredible, hetero-sexual, credible Beg a hoe, let it go, dick ain't edible Nigga ain't federal, I plan shit while you hand picked motherfuckers givin up transcripts Look at these Niggaz With Attitudes Look at these Niggaz With Attitudes {Hello..} I started this gangsta shit And this the motherfuckin thanks I get? {Hello..} [Dr. Dre] I started this gangsta shit And this the motherfuckin thanks I get? [MC Ren] Villain blows up yo' spot Take yo' notebook yo' bitch and yo' glock This motherfucker thought the coochie had a padlock You slapped her ass that's alarmin cause she want my Worm like Carmen We chin check niggaz, them thin check niggaz run trains on golddiggers beware these fo' niggaz Scarin motherfuckers like Steven King flicks Makin niggaz clear the room like a dyke flea a dick Makin 2nd II None shit, nigga like Quik So when I bomb first nigga who you rollin with? Fuck that ice on your wrist, fuck yo' fine ass bitch Cause you could lose it in a tussle nigga watch me hustle Watch niggaz kiss my ass without flexin a muscle Bitches - all in the back they knees waitin to buckle Same time same channel don't change the dial Niggaz4Life, fuckin your wife, these niggaz wild {Hello..} I started this gangsta shit And this the motherfuckin thanks I get? {Hello..} [Ice Cube] I started this gangsta shit And this the muh'fuckin thanks I get? {Hello..} [Dr. Dre] Did I fall off? Got you in your room  rippin every "Chronic" poster on your wall off Just cause I put away the sawed off Now I got you sittin back with a smirk; listenin with your arms crossed Questionin Dre's credibility {What?} Wondering if it's still in me to produce hits; Y'all be killin me As if I need to make mo' - I got a mansion  and six cars that are paid fo' - suck my dick! {Hello..} We came a long way from not givin a fuck Sellin tapes out of a trunk to movin this far up Now we got the whole world starstruck Made a million plus and still don't give a motherfuck Motherfucker I'm Dre - I don't need your respect I don't need to make another album bitch I don't gotta do shit I do it because I want to not to stay in the game Fuck the fame, I'm still stayin the same, lil' bitch! {Hello..} I started this gangsta shit And this the motherfuckin thanks I get? {Hello..} [MC Ren] I started this gangsta shit And this the motherfuckin thanks I get? {Hello..} [Ice Cube] Look at these Niggaz With Attitudes Look at these Niggaz With Attitudes {Hello..} Look at these Niggaz With Attitudes Look at these Niggaz With Attitudes Look at these Niggaz With Attitudes Look at these Niggaz With Attitudes Look at these Niggaz With Attitudes Look at these Niggaz With Attitudes.. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z f/ Dr. Dre, Rakim, Truth Hurts Album: The Blueprint 2: The Gift & the Curse Song: The Watcher 2 Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash {*whispered*} Watcher! [Jay-Z] Jeah.. uhh.. it's what I do for a livin nigga Eat for a livin nigga {*watcher*} That's how I live for a livin nigga.. {*watcher*} Okay, let's do this {*the watcher*} [Verse One: Jay-Z] Things just ain't the same for gangsters But I'm a little too famous to shoot these pranksters All of these rap singers claimin they bangers Doin all sorts of twisted shit with they fingers Disrespectin the game, no home trainin or manners I was doin this shit when you was shittin Pampers I was movin them grams 'fore you, knew what a hand that hand was Duckin the vans, radars, the scanners 'Fore you knew what hard white to tame was I was hittin the turnpike, aight with the bammers I was nice with my hands, cuss aight with them hammers I was prickin my finger 'fore you knew what a Fam was I had it laid out 'fore you knew what a plan was Three hundred mill' later, now you understand us Y'all ain't see us comin through Vegas You ever seen so much cham' bust in one night Grand fucked up one fight I was on the Peter Pan bus You was Peter Pan up in your room, y'all fuckin with whom? Allow me to retort You cowards is just now learnin the shit that we taught You niggaz ain't know about a Robb Report Bout a high speed Porsche, i.e. You niggaz ain't know how to floss 'til I came through the door like "Eric B. for Pres," respect me in this BITCH! You can't disrespect us cause you got a little check cut You was suckin for so long, fuckin your little neck up Now you too big for your britches, you got a few little bitches You think you Hugh Hefner, you just ridiculous I blew breath for you midgets, I gave life to the game It's only right I got the right to be king Niggaz that got life really like what I sing Cause they know what it's really like, niggaz feel my pain Know the shit I DON'T write be the illest shit that's ever been recited in the game word to the hyphen in my NAME! J, A, Y, DASH, Hoffa The past present nigga the future, proper The holy trinity of hip-hop is us We give, Dre his props BUT that's where it stops It's the Roc [Chorus: Truth Hurts] I know, you got your eyes on me I feel you watchin me But it ain't hard to see that you can't see me You try, but what you think you saw Ain't what you thought you saw You bed-da off not lookin at all  (Everywhere that I go, ain't the same as befo')  (People I used to know, just don't know me no mo')  (But everywhere that I go, I got people I know)  (Who got people they know, so I suggest you lay low) [Verse Two: Dr. Dre] I'm still on top of the game Still droppin flames, still cock and aim Still at the top had the Roc for the fame over setbacks, there's been a lot since I came You seen it all, how I got, how I gained The momentum when it dropped, how I got through the pain When I roll and shock, they watched me reclaim the streets, they made a special spot for my name Dre, haters wanna stop to my reign But the music lives in me, every drop in my veins The pride and the pain All the way back from the rise of my name See the world clear through the eyes of the mane See the world chear for the rhymes that I gave When the beat bangs it'll drive them insane The eyes that I played The best to emerge in the game is The Watcher [Verse Three: Rakim] I'm "Rated R," my brain contains graphics thangs It turn traumatic teens into addicts, and fiends It's like, watchin a movie through a panoramic screen Which means, I can see the whole planet in the scene Cash is the topic, the object, a fatter pocket Some take the crack and chop it, but those that haven't got it take away the added profit, it's catastrophic I take the gat and cock it, and I'll sit back and watch it These New York streets is ugly, I keep it gully The world is mine and can't nobody keep it from me Yo, my neighborhood is never sunny In the place where the number one cause of death is money You can try copin I've seen enough shit to leave your frame of mind broken I'm still alive and scopin Be another hundred years 'til my skies close in And I'ma die with my eyes open, the watcher {*echoes*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z f/ Dr. Dre Album: Vol. 3... Life and Times of S. Carter Song: Watch Me Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash {*intro sound of flame: Dr. Dre's "Chronic" trademark*} [Dre]	YEAH! [Jay]	Uh uhh uh-uhh, boom boom boom [Dre]	D-R-E! [Jay]	Say it with me niggaz, boom boom [Dre]	And Jay-Z! [Jay]	Boom boom boom boom [Dre]	What the fuck?! [Jay]	Boom boom boom boom [Dre]	Watch me! [Jay]	Jigga-Man, ya heard? Boom boom boom 	Brooklyn, ya heard? Boom boom booom [Dre]	Compton! [Jay]	Gotti Gotti ya heard? Yo.. [Dre]	C'mon! [Jay-Z] You gotta, pop that styles, rock that watch dial See that Benz? Cop that now Drop-that-top-down, they gon' kill us anyway Them cops uptown hit holmes with forty-one rounds Live yo' life, get yo' ice She been with you since day one nigga, trick on yo' wife Spend that dough, when in doubt, take that trip She ain't livin for the moment homey shake that bitch He that cool, he can't take you nowhere? Then leave that fool Be that rude if he that cool Save for what? Ball til your days is up This place is fucked, all type of AIDS and such How they make it where you afraid to fuck They gave us drugs then turned around and investigated us Life is short, then you on life support so in between it all I'ma say I seen it all, watch me Chorus: Dr. Dre Place yourself in the shoes of true felons (uh-huh) and tell me you won't ball every chance you get (uhh, watch me) At any, chance you hit (that's right) we live for the moment (yo, watch, watch) Makes sense don't it? Now make dollars (Watch me)	You see me around some cheese (Watch me)	See me with hustlers around them G's (Watch me)	Blowin 'dro runnin through pounds of weed (Watch me)	At the bar baby, round's on me (Watch me) [Jay-Z] Watch me turn somethin out of nothin, turn platinum from gold Watch me light the Cohiba off the Viking stove I take an empty bank account, fill it with oh's I take an empty building then I fill it with hoes Watch me, cop that Coupe, shine for the ladies have em sayin, "Damn I never seen a watch that blue" And while they still mesmerized I pop that cooch' Shit, law enforcement couldn't stop that dude Guess who? Fresh off of "Volume 2" Back at you, peep the numbers my album do They call me Cham-pagne-hovah, wake up with a hangover When y'all think the game's over, do the same thing over Still with the same soldiers Still gettin brain and it's plain ain't a thang gon' change over Hop out the truck, hand on my cock and nuts Who got the bank, I'm stoppin it up, watch me Chorus: Dr. Dre Place yourself in the shoes of true felons (uh-huh) and tell me you won't ball every chance you get (watch me) At any, chance you hit, we live for the moment Makes sense don't it? Now make dollars (Watch me)	You see me around some cheese (Watch me)	Hangin with hustlers around them G's (Watch me)	Blowin 'dro runnin through pounds of weed (Watch me)	At the bar bitch, round's on me (Watch me) [Jay-Z] Yo the watch too rocky, need shades Continental sittin on blades, spinnin like waves Gun too Brock-y, behave Big shot, plus I'm feelin like Rocky these days Ice don't melt I could ski through a heatwave Nights won't help you see Jay, it'll be day My shit too bright, I rip through mics plus I push more powder than Crystal Light Chick mad, said I hold my pistol too tight Get a grip bitch, this how I get through life I buy out the bar, spit Crist' through the mic See Jigga in the 6 and all the shit you like See Jigga givin dick to every bitch you like I told her, "It's Jay-Day and Hit-You-Night" You wanna, see me again you gotta get two dice I got rules I can't hit you twice, you heard me? Watch me Chorus: Dr. Dre Place yourself in the shoes of true felons (uh-huh) and tell me you won't ball every chance you get (that's right) At any, chance you hit, we live for the moment Makes sense don't it? Now make dollars (Watch me)	You see me around some cheese (Watch me)	See me with hustlers around them G's (Watch me)	Blowin 'dro runnin through pounds of weed (Watch me)	At the bar baby, round's on me (Watch me) (Watch me)	You see me around some cheese (Watch me)	Hangin with hustlers around them G's (Watch me)	Blowin 'dro runnin through pounds of weed (Watch me)	At the bar bitch, round's on me (Watch me) [Jay-Z] Uh-huh-uh uh-uhh uh-uhh.. uh Uh-huh-uh uh-uhh uh-uhh.. Uh-huh-uh, Jigga Jigga shit huh? Uh-huh, uh-huh-uh, Brooklyn-Brooklyn shit huh? (Compton) Uh-huh-uh, Gotti Gotti shit huh? (C'mon) Uh-huh, uh-huh-uh, Lil' Rob shit huh? (C'mon) Uh-huh-uh-UHH, Roc-a-Fella shit y'all (C'mon) Uh-huh, uh-huh, murder murder shit y'all (Watch me!) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: King Tee f/ Bud'da, Dr. Dre Album: Got it Locked 12" Song: Got it Locked (Remix) Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash, dy_face@hotmail.com [Intro: Dr. Dre] Bump bump, ha ha ha Make it bump, bump bump Bump bump, said what? Bump bump, yeah Yo, kick this shit homie!! Ha ha ha [King Tee] Once again, it's the shadiest In the 80's when you was pushing Stadias I was rolling on Mercedes with the alias Daily, throwing up my radius Maybe it's why your ladies afraid of me Don't know what to say to me But she's intrigued by the diamond cut watch The black silk socks, the video is on the pock Let's move the party to the Doc Dre at 80 foot yachts is And you can hear the bass from blocks Fool, wet bar just to fade ya Whores left behind, keep blowing up my pager And it's a freaky scene, chains and whips Only bring the squeaky clean tricks that came to mix with Tha Liks The authentic, Indo is scented Limo, windows tinted, so you can't see who's in it There's no limit to how many mics get tore a minute If the party's cracking then I'm in it [Chorus: Bud'da X2] We got the party locked down, what you wanna do? Ladies wanna dance, homies do too Don't even bring a strap to this King Tee'll make you clap to this Word up, y'all -----> Quote from a previous record [King Tee] Now, you're rolling with the King Flossing with no flaws in the ring Tossing to leave jaws in a sling, often The scrilla peeler, cabbage clutcher, kitty luster Tiny toucher, not a buster, hustler Rush the dancefloor, see a whore That make me wanna "Be The One With You" like Usher Plus the cluster, the type black in the bar back was cool The front and the back was cool So we do, Cognac for two That make the King wanna Act A Fool (remember that?) Player haters hot, cause I got more gold than Willie Gault and them I ain't faulting them, but let's talk about sex like Salt and them I won't end, you won't gain, let's not pretend I'll get the party hot like the cops walked on your blocks (What's up?) Cause King Tee got it locked [Chorus: X2] [King Tee] Some of y'all still don't know what King means, it means ruler Castle dweller, old schooler with the wine cellar And a drawbridge, my troops got you crew hostage While I'm getting head at their grapes and sausage Y'all kids wanna know how the boss lives? Crib, saucy like ribs, and I got first dibs Soon as you crack the bottle, toss it back 'til it's hollow Mackin' everything from hoodrats to supermodels Never subtle, save your rebuttal You couldn't get play in a huddle So ladies tell your man tonight, you can't tonight He gotta use his hand tonight, I guess I planned it right We can smash out in the glass house Hit the hotel, pull the cash out I'll hit it 'til you pass out, then slide back to the spot Cause Aftermath and King Tee got it locked, yeah!! [Chorus: X4] [Outro] We gotta get in to you, aww wweee We gotta get in to you, aww wweee We gotta get in to you, aww wweee We gotta get in to you, aww wweee We gotta get in to you, aww wweee We gotta get in to you, aww wweee We gotta get in to you, aww wweee The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: King Tee f/ Dr. Dre, Ice-T Album: Thy Kingdom Come Song: Intro/Thy Kingdom Come  Typed by: dy_face@hotmail.com [Intro] owwwoww Damn (*Laughter*) give me that That means every.... Everybody in jail gotta lock it up (*Cell Block Locked*) [Dr. Dre] Aiy, dog! Like we always do about this time.. [Ice-T] Yeah, this Ice-T, nigga The L.A. player And right now, you are about to witness Some of the most impenitence, incredible, magnificent "yeah" pimpin, hustlin, playin' of all times I'm talkin about my nigga King Tee's LP, bitch Thy Kingdom Come This what you been waitin' on (*sample of Police Sirens*) this nigga ain't on his first Rolex "yeah" this nigga done hittin' switches and smackin bitches since day one Hoe, act like you know I could buy my self a Goddamn Space ship Fly all over you motherfuckers (*sample of Police Radio*) Just drop shit on you, like this King Tee's album motherfuckers "yeah" This is the motherfuckin real shit, bitch Thy Kingdom Come Nigga, this nigga done walkin on the water Pimpin, throwin' some hoes out of the movin' vechiles Goddamn, what the fuck you got to do? Do we got to bring the game to you on a motherfuckin silver platter? Do we got to enforce feed this shit into you? Or you just gonna sit back and listen to this L.P.? Nigga recognize, learn somethin' increase your wealth, learn how to knock a bitch This is the real shit Peep game, for real... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: King T f/ Dr. Dre Album: Thy Kingdom Come Song: Monay Typed by: jostmatt@bluewin.ch [ King T ] I never wanted to work for muthafuckas  That told me what to do, so I did my own thing Sometimes shit got thick, but I made it through Now I'm stackin chips everytime the phone ring I'm in a world of liars and carnivores Caught between fires, dope dealin suppliers But I must maintain, think on a level much higher This shit ain't worth a 25 to lifer People always askin me how I made it in this trade Papparazzi got my biz front page Well, all I gotta say is it's a good livin' Beside cars and women this shit gets the bills paid [ CHORUS ] (People of the world, what we're livin for?) That money (money) fast money (money) yeah (People of the world, what we're dyin for?) That money (money) fast money (money) yeah (Everybody's goin crazy for) That money (money) fast money (money) yeah (Fuckin with your head, I can get some of yo) Money (money) cash money (money) yeah [ Dr. Dre ] How many niggas can say they got they own Got they shit together, got a a nice stash to do whatever Ah, you're sittin at home, hatin on the next man That's makin cheddar, tryin to get his shit together I dreamed of hittin licks when I first got in the mix Way back when DJ's was heavy in the crates for breaks And ain't a damn thing changed  But me movin out the firin range to a plushed out estate Small technicalities y'all heard for years Niggas with the problems always out to battle me But I gets my swerve on, don't give a fuck It's just a nigga talkin shit about his bullshit salary [ CHORUS ] [ King T ] Since talk is extra it's cut short like Webster's Show me the money or invest this I'm street smart, fuck a lecture Messin with mine'll get you put on a stretcher Lock your jaw like a pitbull apply the pressure Straight bout it, buildin ideas with self-made millionaires To get the dancefloors crowded Hah, how's that black, limousine pull up on the scene Ladies clean, deja-vu's of a wet dream I got enough cream to cater women For any chick that can fade me more than Henny Plus the remedy to make that hard shit At the end of each quarter I'm reapin the largeset harvest If I ain't in L.A. sippin Aliz Plottin how to make a meal ticket in a day All I gotta say it's a good livin Besides cars and women this shit gets the bills paid [ CHORUS 2X ] The root of all evil And I got a gang of that shit Whaaaat! (Money makes the world go round Money makes the world go round) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: King Tee f/ Dr. Dre, Shaquille O'Neal  Album: Thy Kingdom Come... featuring Dr. Dre Song: Shake Da Spot Typed By: dy_face@hotmail.com [Intro: Sample of Dr. Dre's California Love] California love --> Roger Troutman Switch -----------> Fredreck Cali' ------------> Roger Troutman [Verse One: King Tee] Don't call it a come back The gun clacks at these young rookies Grab my Mac 10, make your back yard boogie They call me big King tookie I run the yard, from Rigman to 5th Ward  I bring it hard and official, fools run from the hoodlum Six hundred ways to drive, choose one A new one nigga, like me got the blue bun I'm heating with the tool gun Two one, too many niggaz wanna be a G like me They wanna slang their D like Tee Aiy, what you needing, catch me in that S-Class speeding On the 110 doing 110 metering G'd up, pump this when you smoke your weed up I'm sipping X.O. from the cup in the cut Cause nigga if the party ain't hot King Tee'll shake the spot  [Dr. Dre] Shake it Cali' [Chorus: Shaquille O'Neal] From Compton to Watts King Tee'll make it hot Dope shit to Cacka blocks, What you got? South Central to Inglewood, any hood From Long Beach to HollyWood, it's all good Even for my Ese's from East L.A. You go to Riviera, Karama, ?? From Pasadena to west Kavena, through the Valley King Tee'll shake any spot, in Killer Cali' [Verse Two: King Tee] I got so much trouble on my mind And now they gangbang when they rhyme The King Tee is serving with the best of styles Catching clips of the restless child The Alkaholic Don, I probably be the first to bomb.. The Wild West, just can't keep calm ?? in my palm, can be some cryst-al of a 'don (Chandon) Or a fifth of a problem Solv' Tipsy, honey missed me, players ain't tricking at night But hit me, if the player ain't hitting right And up jumps the chrome on a 4-door Brome Cock strone looking for your home I will make you well known You busters can't touch my cash, I'm so lavish in the Aftermath Best time to do a stop, cause baby if the party ain't hot King Tee'll shake any spot [Dr. Dre] Shake it Cali' [Chorus: Shaquille O'Neal] [Verse Three: King Tee] I'm coming straight outta Compton Haters acting like they want something But King Tee and brothers stay dumping Have your spot jumping You're dealing with the Westside function And niggaz on the East wanna welcome Ain't no pretending, women wanna hold my hand And guess how many diamonds on my Rolex band Boo! you can't bear it, less than two karats Trying get sex while whipping my lexus It's unreal, Tila gets money done deal X.O. to spill, dress to kill Steady stacking my meals cause I don't like cheap thrills  Hoodrats wanna know what our silk sheet spells Dizzell, to follow to the Cando  on the beach in Brando puffing Chron-do on top.. and baby if the party ain't hot King Tee'll shake any spot [Dr. Dre] Shake it Cali' [Chorus: Shaquille O'Neal] [Outro: Sample of Dr. Dre's California Love] Shake, shake it baby, baby, baby Shake it mamma, shake it mamma, shake it mamma Cali, cali, Cali, Cali Shake it, Shake it Cali Shake it, Shake it Cali  Shake it, Shake it Cali -----> Roger Troutman The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: King Tee f/ Crystal, Dr. Dre, RC Album: Thy Kingdom Come/The Ruthless Chronicles Song: Step On By  Typed by: dy_face@hotmail.com [Intro: Crystal, RC] When you're welcome, just step on byyy One day, one day, one day, one dayyy I might be the one that makes cryyy [Verse One: King Tee] Ha ha, yeah, I'm sitting on throne Dre and King Tee, they make their green hundred flown Sipping the 'gnoc inside my hot Lo-Lo Trying to get in the spot where players ball Got a page from some booty, pressed, they sending me call I've seen a.. tight lady Diva  A cold milk complexion, mixed like the Margarita With a crew of girls with Jungle Fever Told Dre: I'ma meet them inside So I jumped out my depth, slipped the essay attempt Approach this chick to see what's happening Her reaction was like.. She the biggest thing sins T. Jacksons "WHAT!!" I froze, James Bond in sift mode But y'all be knowing how it G rode Cause it'll be on when the bar closed ?? those trying to hustle for a fame Sipped some rim, then she tried to push off to her friends That's why material girls, you can't treat them like queens They be that Hollywood type, that like to make a scene [Chorus: Crystal, RC] It's the materical things that he's giving That he's giving How come you really say that you have to live it? Ooohhh woohh, I'm the one that's giving  Yeaahhh, boy I don't wanna hurt your feelings Awwwww wooow yeaaahh, step on, step on, step on, step on by See, what you need to do is step on by Step on, step on, step on, step on by Step on by!! [Vese Two: Dr. Dre] Camouflaged in the lounge of the club I peeped the bar, honies got their little buzz Trying to get plugged Won't slip the way to adapt, to approach me asking If a have a lady franking, she's from outta town pursuing acting You knew the drama, her body have just uhh.. gave her..  the name Groupie so I played her like a movie Extra Heard her pride like the Nutty Professor She was cute but it's more than looks to get me seduced Tried to get her with respect while she tried to get fly Tripping getting loud, spilling drinks on Karl Kanis Hold Up! I'm in a chilling, sipping wine and illing Intellectual conversions; is talking plans of building  Clean cut what, how does that sound? A gentleman, plus his spiritual background;  that's how I get down Just think up of all these honies that be thinking corrupt Before I can caught up and lust; I tell them all you best adjust [Interlude: Crystal, RC] Step on, step on, step on, step on byyy You got to keep stepping, babyyy Step on, step on, step on, step on byyy Ought on byyy Step on, step on, step on, step on byyy You got to keep stepping on byyy Step on, step on, step on, step on byyy Yeaaaahhhhhhaaaahhhh!!! [Verse Three: King Tee] Pimp Daddy, Gangster stroll, drinks on me Be so gold cause the game has been good to Tee Ladies see the clout, now they wanna know what I'm about Tailor suits, players won't even pull their petty cash out The way players ball; we get the honies off the bar And sort them to the dance floor Like LB, I was sure the first one you tried to diss You know the time, but never one slugged on the wrist She clopped while the Mot popped, fake gritting all over her face She had the lop of the top But the player like Tee known she out loot Had to take game and flip it, turn around with the digits Thinking to myself when will they learn! You swing your ass like a dog, every dog will take a turn Looking at how she's trying to be fly Cause the same thing that makes you laugh  Will be the same thing that makes you cry [Outro: Crystal, RC] It's the materical things that he's giving That he's giving How come you really say that you have to live it? Ooohhh woohh, I'm the one that's giving  Yeaahhh, boy I don't wanna hurt your feelings Awwwww wooow yeaaahh, step on, step on, step on, step on by See, what you need to do is step on by Step on, step on, step on, step on by See, what you need to do is step on by Step on, step on, step on, step on by Can you feel this baby? ~ I believe it I can truely see that I'ma have to live it, yeahh ?? had somebody somewhere, yeah, yeah,  Somebody who truely needs me Somebody who truely needs me Don't be no foool, baby The one you trust can make you cry The one you trust can make you cry So say bye bye, ohhh, bye We gotta keep on moving and stepping on byyy! Awwwowww, yeaaahhhh We gotta keep on moving and stepping on byyy! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: King Tee f/ Dr. Dre Album: Thy Kingdom Come Song: Where's T? Typed by: newos_crib_is@hotmail.com [Dr. Dre] Ay, ay, ay where the fuck did Tee just go? [Chorus: singer] {X2} Where is Tee? And what's going on? [Over Chorus: Dr. Dre + (King Tee)] Where the fuck is Tee? (Right here, here I come y'all) Which way did he come? (Here I come) Which way did he go? (Hah, over here) (Hah, here I come) Yeah, kick that shit [King Tee] Set out to check my trap, twist the mode on grind Tryna soothe my brain with my money or my mind Besides busting rhymes, I'm real good at doing crimes Infected with the code of the street and gang signs What's that line? Fuck a bitch, won't make a nigga rich I make a nigga switch from shot calling to a bitch Off the wall, my niggas never heard of y'all Can't trust 'em, all up in the mix near hustlers Stop fronting, I came to represent the W Hood rats, top dogs and thugs too Thought you knew, but obviously not, you're through You need protection from King Tee's resurrection Peep the session, loc get the full +Tee+ spoon Swallow it fast cause I'm about to leave soon for the moon, smoking big bubble toots In the suburban, sipping on the 'gnac Now we swerving past moms, gang affiliated rap stars in motion, tryna get paid for the potion Top notch, the killer with the Rolex watch with many karats, step up on the stage and straight tear it into pieces, ain't a greater man except Jesus who can touch me, bet a hundred thou' you couldn't bust me The original Likwit rough grammer Protected by the gat and bandana, who am I... [Chorus] {X2} [Dr. Dre] Ay you know what... Looking at my Rolex, it's about that time to crack open the Hennessey and roll up a dime Line after line, I'm blowing your mind Disrespect and get the nine to your spine A gang of niggas try but they never come close to the big time player living like I'm supposed to So when you see me rolling in the Testarossa You can best believe I got the strap in my holster Mobbing son, popping +Robbin-son+ like +Sugar Ray+ Put your gun away or get done away like fait Got beats and stock cops, you never see the props stop Steady dippin, stripping emcees like a chop shop Now who wanna get with the black Frank Nitti? I ran through your city and left with my boots shitty Nobody gets looser than this producer Coordinate tracks that's live, three or four cars to ride Oh, coming out of L.A. regulating the West coast East coast and between coasts, then I'm ghost I know you're bobbing your head cause I can see ya But you can't see me, the D-R-E and the King Tee [Chorus] {X2} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Knoc-turn'al f/ Dr. Dre, Missy 'Misdemeanor' Elliott Album: LA Confidential Presents...Knoc-turn'al Song: The Knoc Typed by: bootleg210@msn.com Whatchu want? Whatchu want? Get off me [Knoc] I pull quick, it's useless [Knoc] I'm fully clipped, 6 fo' fully dipped [Knoc] Throw chrome whip with three freaks and full hips with firm tits [Dr.D] Yeah we fully chipped, been on gangsta shit [Dr.D] It's ruthless, drunk off two fifths [Dr.D] Who make hits? (Dre) [Knoc-turn'al] Who we wit? (Knoc) Westcoast parties don't stop Who drop head-boppers? (The head doctor, bed-rocker) Police pursue me in squad cars and helicopters Checkin lockers, Mexican connect to play soccer PH's and cockblockers Ho-hoppers, weez niggaz is off the rocker Sippin cranberry juice on rocks with vodka With 'Pac and Poppa, and Redd Foxx's doctor (for real?) Takin names and takin orders Ya fake ya name, and I'm all up on ya Nigga that's Cali-fornia Palm trees and 6-3's on deez Rims dip to make the spokes gold-a Slangin boulders, thought I told ya True soldiers, comin from the motherfuckin shoulders (WOOP!) [Hook: Missy Elliott] Take it ea-say! (ea-say) Cuz it's the motherfuckin KNOC! Hotter than yo' block fulla motherfuckin COPS! Bow down when ya see me! Knoc the truth best believe it! Take it ea-say! (ea-say) Cuz it's the motherfuckin KNOC! Hotter than a freak who givin head who won't STOP! Bow down when ya pass thru! Knoc-turn'al God damn you! [Knoc-turn'al] What's the difference between us? (Nah not that again) New songs, and new cars, and new broads, and new thongs On Crenshaw Boulevard - Line 'em up at the bar Girl you know who we are, hip-hop superstars Roll deep? Nah, we roll hard and deep Bogart yo beef get the fuck off my street Getcha motherfuckin ass beat L.A., Compton, Long Beach, whooptie-whoop nigga what? I don't give a fuck Hustlers, hood-rats, sick-ass thugs - Crips and Bloods (Hell nigg-uh!) All my real niggaz raise it up Nuttin but dubs, you got a sack, nigga what? Blaze it up [Hook: Missy Elliott] [Knoc-turn'al] Bitch you ain't 'bout shit, my bad Turn off the lights, don't trip Give a nig' some ack right and act like.. You might.. lick balls tonight Girls all pause, hell nah, girls drop draws on site Do drugs, shroom cups, smoke bud, all night That's right, I like.. bi-sexual women, fuck dykes Suck dick? No, but your father might Fuckin hermaphrodite! Duck the IRS, fuckin Howard Stern's wife In traffic, bitch gave me head in real life L.A. city lights, C.A. get it right Westcoast on the grind, these niggaz done lost they minds Straight loungin in the sunshine Here's one thing you bitch niggaz must know Fuck you! Please believe that, and I mean that [Hook: Missy Elliott] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Kurupt f/ Dr. Dre Album: Kuruption Song: Ask Yourself a Question Typed by: jdjong@worldonline.nl Kurupt: Check it out Here's a penny for your thoughts, a nicklebag of bliss An M-16 with eighteen clips I'm all set to bust, treacherous Illustrious, homie don't question us Just ask yourself the question How many hoes can I fuck in one night? Just ask yourself the question, nigga How many niggaz can I blast on sight? I'm ferocious, and you knows this nigga Bitches wear skirts, shake ass and bump I pop pistols, that's all I do I pop one at him and pop two at you I'm illusive, I'ma glock it Pistol popping activist with the key to the bucket I rip your pockets of the side of your pants You glare to the side and you glance, I'm in my (???) How the fuck you make it this far? No matter where you at, or who you are People treat me like Kareem Abdul Jabbar I hear ooh's and aah's when I jumps in my car Just from last night you can tell that I'm addicted to the fast life Shouts out to my homeboys Mad and Quell You go on and fuck Misty, while I fuck Michelle Chorus: Just ask yourself the question How many hoes can I fuck in one night? Just ask yourself the question How many niggaz can I blast on sight? Just ask yourself the question Is it cool to ride, or is it cool to fuck? Just ask yourself the question I don't know why these motherfuckers wanna fuck with us What you wanna do, penetrate me? Bump my crib? Bust and fuck my bitch, nigga? I never thought a nigga would trip off a little piece of ass that he know he could get Any day (any day) and any time (any time) You'se a vegetarian (what?), I like beef, turkey and pork Fish and chips, chips and dip Fuck it, hand me my knife and my fork I'm not too picky nigga, Kurupt young Gotti A.K.A. Low Ricky nigga (what up momma?) Substantialar, tyrannosaurus, gigantic titanic tarantula. On a creep homie, wake up Don't sleep homie, supposed to know it Look, I'm hazardous to health, nigga, bitch, nigga Don't ask me shit 'till you ask yourself Chorus (Dre) Dre: What the fuck is up? Man life's a bitch You gotta put your pistol to the sky, kill a million motherfuckers and get high in order to be cool Man, you'se a motherfucking fool (speak to these niggaz) I thought the same way, back in the days Young, with a lack on daily things Never thought too much, homie, never trip I got drunk as fuck, the homies blaze sticks Look out for them niggaz out to get you So (???) forgetting to tank your pistol with you (your pistol nigga) Niggaz get swallowed in the game I cock and bust hollows to peer, duck and frame Yo nigga, that shit sounds like I did it Don't blaze the (???) without the (???) Niggaz look like they're doped up like tired bitches With the eyes wide gone you spit the hard boom Wiping shit the fuck out like typhoons With the little homeboys, T-bone and cartoons Motherfucker don't ask me for shit Fuck everything you believe in, little bitch Chorus Kurupt: what, what? The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Kurupt f/ Dr. Dre, Hittman Album: Tha Streetz Iz a Mutha Song: Ho's a Housewife * Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash * other than an opening skit (irrelevant) this is the EXACT  same song as appears on Dr. Dre's +Chronic 2001+ as "Housewife" Chorus: Kurupt Now this this is one of them occasions where the homies not doin it right I mean he found him a hoe that he like But you can't make a hoe a housewife And when it all boils down you gonna find in the end a bitch is a bitch, but a Dogg is a man's best friend So what you found you a hoe that you like But you can't make a hoe a housewife (wife) [Dr. Dre] I mostly sold dick while I packed a gold clip Worked my money-maker, she got paper, she bout to trip (Where the fuck is my money?) I cannot G guilty You pimpin strong, but comin home, to sheets that be filthy She on the dillzy, I take advantage All up in them panties, I got this bitch speakin Spanish I'm mannish - get yo' nails out my back Slut I'm bout to nut and get up, go scrub yo' cat Learn the player rules, this is how I play a dude Might not be a freak, but she got on the choosin shoes Dollar signs are folded, I can't control it Tryin to leave her, beeper just exploded She sweatin me, won't let me, broad turned fraud Now she on this dick huh, got her turnin tricks huh Man it's a trip I don't trip I'm in yo' Lexus flexin I left her up in Dallas, Texas - assed-out Chorus [Hittman] Naw hoe is short for honey, almost had her Wailin like Bunny Tellin tales of bein pregnant, catchin Norstrom sales with abortion money I spotted her, seen her with my nigga when I shot at her Now we got beef, he caught up in the hoe's erotica Exotic - she's psychotic, rockin his Nautica Soon he'll need antibiotics (sucka bitch) Name a sexual disease, she got it like Sam Goody You be like, "Damn how could she hit me off with chlamydia?" Fool I pity ya We live in the city off, ballers with more bouncin than a Zapp, she will doo-wah-diddy-ya Prettier to grittier, the wittier can get her to the Hotel, Niko, on some Sauve shit like, Rico That's when I caught a Vision like Coleco A high-post hoe, a perfect way for me to keep dough Huh, have her sellin ass on Bronson Ave. and Pico [Kurupt] At the ho-tel, mo-tel, or the Holiday Inn (say what nigga?) I said if that bitch keep fuckin up (beotch) then we'll fuck her friends I said I dip, dive, what can I say? Niggaz need to stop fuckin with O.J. Some niggaz bang blood, some niggaz bang crip And bitches ain't shit but hoes and tricks I had to dream of hoes, I had to scream at hoes I seen my hoes in all kinds of clothes Lil' Almond Joy, I truly enjoy if you blew my balls, right through my drawers Come back to the mansion, chill at the spot From the way she was blowin, I know she does it a lot I have a eight-and-a-half, nine-and-three-quarters The hoe started callin when I started boss ballin Gimme some head, gimme some ass (uh-huh) Gimme some cash, pass it to Daz Pass it to Snoop, or pass it to Nate See hoes eat dick like eggs and steak It ain't shit new, I thought you knew (what?) I knew you would, you wish you could break a G down, break me down But I'ma see you on the rebound (what what?) D.P. style Chorus The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Lady Of Rage f/ Dr. Dre, Snoop Doggy Dogg Album: Afro Puffs 12" Song: Afro Puffs (Extended Version) Typed by: bodyrott@ntlworld.com, OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Dr. Dre] Yeah, This is Dr. Dre Kicking back, doing what I do best Dropping some shit that makes you wanna bob your head I know your bobbing your head, 'cause I can see, you cant see me But check this out I was talking to this um... nigga, the other day And he said. Yo Dre You know female mc's dont blow up that large in the hip-hop world And I said you trick nigga, you better ask somebody else 'Cause the Lady of Rage is in the motherfucking house Can you dig it?, yeah But anyway before I be all on that bullshit My motherfucking nigga Snoop Doggy Dogg is in the house And we gonna drop some shit Hit 9.2 on the ricta scale, can you dig it? So Snoop, what we want you to do is come in, and set off a little freestyle Before Rage comes in And lets get this motherfucker jumping off Can you dig it? yeah [Snoop Doggy Dogg] Damn look what the wind blew in From the depths of the sea its the S-N Double O motherfucking P In the place to be, and this time I hang with the home girl R-A-G-E So let me begin, to slowly start the ??? And let me crab a cup of gin, then look the crow its me Who be the D-O double to the G I fly through the sky like a dove once again Its Snoop Doggy Dogg, can I blend, mend Then send more than you need Can I have some dank so I can role up the weed I take a glance in other words a dance I spot myself on the dance floor taking a dance I got a bitch on my dick, some niggas talking shit But aint no need for me to call my clique Cause D-P-G G-C-E be the clique that the D O Double G belong too I wrote a song to the track thats provided by my niggga Dr. Dre That slowly start to slide into a trance Smooth around, I get ??? by the sounds of the pound We got the hits that just dont stop and they dont quit Cause once again Snoop Dogg is about to drop some shit (Byatch) I cant stop, I pop Never flip, I flop Snoop Dogg got the shit that dont stop Rock on with ya badself, its The Lady of Rage at the top of the shelf So push the button and run for cover Snoop Dogg is on the mic and im a dope motherfucker, yeah You best ask somebody, about the man with the la di da di I got the shit that makes body shake Its time for you to stop causing a wake (A wake) Open your eyes and stay composed Its 1-9-9-4 I still dont love hoe's I treat them the same It's like the bom bam It's Snoop Dogg, im on the mic can I slam? yes you can And you just dont stop, come on, say what? And you just stop, yeah And you just dont quit Ayo Rage could you please drop some gangster shit? Chorus: repeat 2X I rock rough and stuff with my Afro Puffs (RAGE!) [Snoop] Rock on, wit cha bad self Verse One: The Lady of Rage I rock on with my bad self cause it's a must It's the Lady Of Rage still kickin up dust So umm, let me loosen up my bra strap And umm, let me boost ya with my raw rap Cause I'ma break it down to the nitty-gritty one time When it comes to the lyrics I gets busy with mine Busy as a beaver, ya best believe-a This grand diva's runnin shit with the speed of a cheetah, meet a lyrical murderer... I'm servin em like two scoops of chocolate Check it how I rock it I'm the one that's throwin bolos, ya better roll a Rolo to find out I'm the number one solo, uhh The capital R-A now take it to the G-E I bring the things to light, but you still can't see me I flow like a monthly you can't cramp my style For those that try to punk me here's a Pamprin child No need to say mo', check the flow Rage in effect once mo', so now ya know Chorus Verse Two: The Lady of Rage Now I'm hittin MC's like hit MC's like ("Hoo-yu-ken!") *Street Fighter sound* Ain't no doubt about it I'm the undisputed So what you uhh, wanna do is back on up I'll tap that butt, wax the cuts, pass the bucks So put your money on the bread winner I kick lyrics so dope that the brothers call em head spinners I got the tongue that is outdone anyone from the rising to the setting of the sun or the moon, I consume the room with doom When I hear the kick of a 808 bass ... POOM BOOM, BAM, God, DAYUMMMMMM! I'm hittin so hard you could say it's a grand, slam, dunk, punks get broken off for chunk when they feel the funk of the rhythm (fresh) that I give em Let it hit em, split em, did it now I'm rid of em, yeah I put that on my unborn kids Rage in effect so you know how it is Chorus 4X Verse Three: The Lady of Rage Now ever since my debut, I've continued to lay you flat on your back from the raps that I spat, spit Ohh shit, I'm the shit! You can't get wit the Rage then tough tit-tie I pi-ty the fool, that gets with the lyrical murderer cause my shit is rude (OOOH!) You wanna get with the wickedness? With that big bot-ty that's kickin it, rippin it apart like Jason You'll be, chasin a dream like Freddy are you ready for the cream de la creme? I'm steam pressurin those who ain't measurin up I keep competitors stuck in the muck with they butt up, what chu wanna nut up like cashew, don't you know that I will mash you? For real That's the deal, I'm straight out of Farmville, VA (So what you gotta say?) Chorus 4X Huhh I am the roughest, roughest, roughest (Say what? Say what?) I am the toughest, toughest, toughest (RAGE!) (repeat 4X) Get with the uhh, roughest, roughest Get with the uhh, toughest, toughest (RAGE!) Get with the uhh, roughest, roughest (Yeah) Get with the uhh, toughest, toughest (RAGE!) Get with the uhh, wickedness, roughest I am the uhh, wickedness (RAGE!) Outro: Snoop Doggy Dogg Yeah, one-nine-nine-fo' The indo blow and the grass grow Snoop Doggy Dogg still don't love a hoe But you gotta give credit when credit is due Women back down and bow down to my motherfuckin homegirl The Lady Of Rage She rocks rough and stuff with the Afro Puffs Handcuffed and she busts And trick biatch, she's guaranteed to tear shit up Y'know what I'm sayin? The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Kendrick Lamar f/ Dr. Dre, Sly Album: good kid, m.A.A.d city Song: Compton Typed by: newos_crib_is@hotmail.com [Kendrick Lamar] Now everybody serenade the new faith of Kendrick Lamar The is King Kendrick Lamar King Kendrick and I meant it, my point intended is raw Fix your lenses, forensics would have told you Kendrick had killed it, pretend it's a massacre and the masses upon us, and I mastered being the master at dodging Your Honor In the chapter that read at twenty-five I would live dormant like five in the morning, then raid your spot while Kendrick's performing And if they take everything, know I got [Chorus: Sly] Compton, Compton Ain't no city quite like mine [Kendrick Lamar] Ay Dre, what's happening with it my nigga? [Dr. Dre] Still I'm at it, peel the plastic off it, you can feel the magic Still I'm laughing at the critics talking, I can see 'em gagging When I'm back in the back of my city, back in the 'Bach with a batch of them banging Dre beats with me, look where I'm at It's the murder cap', and I'm captain at birthing this gangster rap It's a wrap when I'm done, and I come a long way from a hundred dollars a month to a hundred mill in a day, bitch I'm from [Kendrick Lamar] So come and visit the tire screeching, ambulance, policeman Won't you spend a weekend on Rosecrans nigga? Khaki creasing, crime increasing on Rosecrans nigga Kendrick Conan nigga Where your sword at? Hand on the cross and swore that I do it big as Rasputia for them shooters Kama Sutra, scream fuck your position and make you on that I'm tryna stay grounded like four flats, but I know flats and Piru-Crip tats [Sly] They swarm on me like a beehive, hop in the G ride From the west to the east side, know just how Compton roll [Dr. Dre] And that's a given I pass the blunt, then pass the torch, of course it's my decision I crash the Porsche, then you report that you see me in Benzes I must report that we import them narcotics you bought [Kendrick Lamar] Then talked about it when crack hit the speakers, the music business I blow up every time we throw up a record, depending on what you expected, I'm sure it's bigger than your religion Perfected by niggas that manifested music to live in [Dr. Dre] So tell that gangster throw his set high Roll it up in a blunt, I'ma take you on that next high I did exactly what I wanted, that's what made them checks fly in my direction, you never questioned when I said I would be a mogul before I visit 2Pac and Left-Eye Eazy and Aaliyah, when I see ya we gon' test drive a Lambo in Heaven, but for now I'm on a red eye Flying back to my city cause I'll forever standby [Kendrick Lamar] Now we can all celebrate We can all harvest the rap artists of N.W.A. America target our rap market, it's controversy and hate Harsh realities we in made our music translate to the coke dealers, the hood rich and the broke niggas that play with them gorillas that know killers that know where you stay Roll that kush, crack that case, ten bottle of rose This was brought to you by Dre, now every motherfucker in here say [Sly] + (Dr. Dre) Look who's responsible for taking Compton international (I make 'em holler) [Kendrick Lamar] Aiyyo Just Blaze, good looking homie "Just Blaze" [Sly * using vocoder box effect] Ain't no city quite like mine, yeah From the city of Compton Ohhhh yeah, ain't no city quite like mine The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page   Warning : include(/home/ohhla/www/anonymous//kenlamar/rm_bside/recipe.ken.txt) [ function.include ]: failed to open stream: No such file or directory in /home/ohhla/public_html/files/lyrics.php on line 67   Warning : include() [ function.include ]: Failed opening '/home/ohhla/www/anonymous//kenlamar/rm_bside/recipe.ken.txt' for inclusion (include_path='.:/usr/lib/php:/usr/local/lib/php') in /home/ohhla/public_html/files/lyrics.php on line 67 The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Michel'le f/ Dr. Dre Album: Michel'le Song: Nicety Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com [Intro - repeat 6X] Nice and...("Nasty!" The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nas f/ Dr. Dre Album: It Was Written Song: Nas is Coming Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Nas] Motherfuckin Dre! [Dre] AHHHHHHH! [Nas] Whassup my nigga? [Dre] Sup NAS? [Nas] Chillin God [Dre] Niggaz is up in here hittin some of this CHRONIC nigga [Nas] Yeah and this chocolate over here   They mixed this shit up [Dre] Nigga hit some of this shit nigga [Nas] Yeah, lemme get that   I'm tired of these niggaz, niggaz stealin beats   And niggaz is stealin, your whole techniques and shit   Niggaz wanna take everything from a nigga man [Dre] Yeah yeah yo Nas it's like this man   ("Nas is coming..")   Niggaz can't do it like I do it, d'yaknahmsayin?   Just like niggaz can't do what you do   ("Nas is coming..") [Nas] Right, right [Dre] You know, can't nobody fuck with this   ("Nas is coming..")   You know all these niggaz out here just..   ("Nas is coming..")   talkin this East coast West coast bullshit   Niggaz need to kill that shit   ("Nas is coming..")   and make some money, y'know? [Nas] WORD!   ("Nas is coming..") [Dre] Fuck it [Nas] What is it, what is it God?   ("Nas is coming..") [Dre] Let's get together, make some fuckin music [Nas] Right, that's what I'm sayin, that's what I'm sayin [Dre] and get PAID, and just.. let that be it   ("Nas is coming..")   All these niggaz talkin all this bullshit   ("Nas is coming..")   better sit back, and watch what happens   ("Nas is coming..") [Nas] The Golden Child chop that ass up, you was holdin out Let the streets be the court - and corners hold the trial Fatal not fictitious I rock the cable 86 shit, foreign cars young with crazy bitches Mad smoke makes me able to quote Solicitin, ill editions of that Murder I WRote A provocative plan, can bring a knot to my hand As the pyramids that stand on top of the sand In the heat of the moment, like Farrakhan said, we need atonement Bulletproof glass, S-classes, chrome kitted up Calicones lit it up I didn't get touched checking my nuts, I stood up and lit a Dutch Clutchin gats quick to bust But knowin how these niggaz tattle I sneak move get the drop, one shot, without the gun battle So when you run the lead travel I come through it's taboo Ninety-six ways made to clap you [Chorus - unknown singers] Nas is comin, Nas is comin Nas is comin.. (Nasty Nas is comin) Nas is comin Nas is comin, Nas is comin Nas is comin.. (Nasty Nas is comin) Nas is comin [Nas] In the black limo, Jack Daniels through the cracked window I spot the fake, red dot his face, like a Hindu Snatched the symbol, tied his hands too Make examples, substantial amounts you owe, to the fam Crew, Firm affliation, paper chasin Chips glossy, rich Pablo Escabano Sophisticado, Blazin hollows like Saddles Rap apostle, nacho cheese, I'm Castro compared to these niggaz who swear to be real but impostors to Hoffa, Nas plague kills Countin bills to send to all my jail niggaz who fell From New York to L.A., Q.B. to C.P.T. for G.P. A hundred G cars, Garcia Vegas cigars Kani shit, mad jiggy The clout, murder material serial scratched out My name's passed out like it's somethin venereal but back in stereo [Nas] From childbirth to hearses, flow like the Nile cover surface I bit the fruit from the Serpent Apocalyptic, get bent, stay splifted Control the rap game you got it twisted Dr. Dre way the 'Bridge say, shake dice and kiss it Sip Crist', push the six with biscuit Jeep full of chickens, pull up beside, have a listen y'all, Nas y'all Fly gangsta, wavy hair teeth chipped in My shit bump, in the courtroom drunk, links truck rocky bracelet, cognac kernel never chase it Rap hero, black DeNiro Federal Bureau, tapped my line and got zero Rap pro, diamond roll, hustlin low - pro-file, white gold style, rakin bloody dough by the pile Shot down, still alive he strugglin for the phone Fo'-fo' blow him, when homicide comes, these three words are sung [Chorus] - 2X [Dr. Dre] Check this out It's Nasty Nas, and Dr. Dre Hahaha, East meets West That's how we makin it happen That's how it goes down for the nine-six Aiyyo Nas let's get this money Let's get paid Sit back and watch all these motherfuckin clowns out here riffin and beefin about this BULLSHIT Yo, heh While they doin all that we just gon' kick back with these honies, this Cristal Hah, and party to the year 2G [Dre - speaking over chorus] Hehehe, that's right, that's right Yeah, Nasty Nas, Dr. Dre Makin it happen The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nate Dogg f/ Dr. Dre Album: Music & Me Song: Your Wife Typed by: ThaTopDogg213@aol.com [Chorus: Nate Dogg] Your wife, my bitch Your love, my trick Her mouth, my dick I fucked, that's it [Verse One: Nate Dogg] All night long, I had her on her back in my Cadillac bro You should of heard her moan, same old song I made her throw her back out when I sent her home For better or worse she's [Chrous: Nate Dogg] Your wife, my bitch Your love, my trick Her mouth, my dick I fucked thats' it Straight pimp, no shit Gave me your chips I drove, your whip It's true don't trip [Verse Two: Dr. Dre] What's my name, my name is Mr. Game West coast big change Mr. Fame Bad bitch scooped her up same ole same Fuckin in the drivers seat while I'm switching lanes Gettin brains Long Beach, Compton thang Shit ain't changed thats how we do the damn thang Draws down nuts platinum, let em' hang Wife missin 5 a.m., who's to blame I'm the reason used maginum is in your range and while she bounced out wit me befor you came Fuckin lame you be handcuff sluts I banged I trippin take em' back shit my nuts is drained  On everything this dick is shootin novocain Have a bitch waitin bus stop, in the rain Simple and plain cuz we's be off the chain Nigga Nate Dogg pimp game please don't explain [Verse Three: Nate Dogg] Ring or no ring A hoe gone be a hoe While you sleepin She be creppin out the back door Comin to met me, at my honey comb Smokin and drinkin dyin to please me  While real playas keep playin on [Bridge: Nate Dogg] Playas play on Keep playin on Ladies playin on, play on Keep playin on Playas play on, play on Ladies play on, play on Keep playin on Your wife, is my bitch Your love, is my trick [Chorus: Nate Dogg] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Obie Trice f/ Dr. Dre, Eminem Album: Cheers Song: Shit Hits the Fan Typed by: pinoydrunknboxer@cox.net [Dr. Dre] Yeah Yo, let's bring it [Chorus  Eminem] What you gonna do when shit hits the fan? Are you gonna stand and fight like a man? Will you be as hard as you say you are? Or you gonna run and go get your bodyguard? I said What you gonna do when shit hits the fan? Are you gonna stand and fight like a man? And show us you're as hard as you say you are? Or you gonna run and go get your bodyguard? [Verse 1  Dr. Dre] Niggaz is so gangsta, Niggaz is thugs Niggaz'll spend their whole life peddlin drugs Slanging dope in hopes of one day bein able To own their own label and give the game up Some niggaz came up, some just didn't That's just the way it is, if it ain't meant it, it just isn't Some niggaz'll get money and pay niggaz to back em So they can act up, feel comfortable, and rap tough And that's as backwards, cuz them niggaz just gone keep coming back And that's when extortion happens You struggle to get free, I know how this shit be You deal with anything to live legitimately But you gone find if you do get in this industry It's best to be business with me than against me Niggaz get behind mics and ain't even MC's Niggaz get on MTV just to diss me This shit don't even piss me off I'm laughin all the way to the bank Watchin the satellite from a Bentley You niggaz don't even got a car You're so far under my radar I don't even know who the fuck you are To tell you to suck my dick while I'm pissin I don't even listen to your shit to know who the fuck I'm dissin The media just feeds into these feuds Tryin to add fuel to the fire. This little nigga, Ja Rule Talking bout he's gonna slap me. Nigga please You gotta jump and swing up to hit me in the knees I laugh at these magazines when they interview em All they doin is making fake threats to us through em And pussy you're not Pac, I knew em Pac was a real nigga, you just a fuckin insult to em It's too bad we had to fallout before he passes If he could see this shit now, he'd be whoopin your ass You're talkin to a pioneer who engineered this shit for 19 years Who you got in your ear? I don't even gotta say it, the fans know Quit tryin to be tough, nigga, you look like a asshole [Chorus  Eminem] [Verse 2  Obie Trice] They say why don't we increase the peace The only peace increased is that which deletes your peeps Cuz niggaz run mouths but they don't run streets Till that 4 5 will cease the speech Yeah it's a shame how the beef'll creep Could've reached the peep, now you're left with a horrible leak I'm tryin to be as bleak with my speech as possible Just in case a nigga tryin to throw me an obstacle Nigga, I'm not boxin you, I'm hospitable I put you in a hospital, that's how I get at you Let the doc op on you, he don't rid you? You back on the streets? I send another hit at you This is not a hypocritical issue I will critical condition your tissue Give a fuck if all ten of them wit you I throw an extra ten of them missiles Turn gangstas into gentlemen vicko And ever since Eminem dissed you I swear I see the women and bitch in you All this bickering back and forth over who signs who Curtis, pull your skirt up, nigga, you got murdered Now take it like a man and shake it off. Damn And quit tellin all these magazines your plans How you gone slap up my mans, you're ficticious Nigga, we send Stan to come murder your bitches [Chorus  Eminem] Hahahahahaha Yeah, yeah Go out behind all the gangstas you want, nigga Matter fact, go get every gangsta from every hood In the United States of America to back you, nigga Ain't nobody rap wit you You can't see that? Fell off, nigga Hahahahahaha Damn, damn Shady slash Aftermath, motherfucker 2003 to infin The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ras Kass f/ Dr. Dre, Mack 10 Album: Rassassination Song: Ghetto Fabulous typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash, tha_chamber@hotmail.com Intro: Ras Kass Once again, we take over cash Ras Kass, Dr. Dre and Mack 10 connected. We ghetto fabulous baby. The best food, drink and pussy that money can buy. Verse One: Ras Kass Every day of my life is off the ringer That's guaranteed, like a fistfight on Jerry Springer I got the hottest flow to hit the street since lava so holla, we all hustle for dollar dollars From Sac to Houston, New Orleans to D.C. We drinkin' V-S-O-P (?) the beats beep Bangin, catch me with a dimepiece next to me My Body all over Your Body like LSG Neighborhood celeb with the keys to my city like the mayor Rookies askin us how to be a playa Get in where you fit in, and never get your ghetto pass revoked No matter how much money you make Stay true to the game loc, guest list terror clothes in jeans and tennis shoes, breakin your strict dress codes Spit lyrical bricks, thirteen deep so I can be richer than Master P sellin 'Ghetto D' Chorus: Mack 10 We Ghetto, fabulous Money make the world go round so let's handle this Ghetto, fabulous Broadcastin live from Los Angeles We ghetto, fabulous Money make the world go round so let's handle this Ghetto, fabulous Broadcastin live from Los Angeles Verse Two: Dr. Dre You ain't heard of me, you ain't listenin hard enough Started in Compton servin from a ice cream truck Now ten years later whippin a custom Navigator Steppin on your toes playa, stuffin up your alligators I'm ghetto, like Newport cigarettes, feel me Boom bap and slap that ass silly This is for the full time students slash part time strippers And young niggaz, clockin at least five figures Some of us pro atheletes, some of us rap over fat beats Some of us hustle in the streets Twenty deep in Club Nikki's so you know we gots to mingle Trickin' (?) off a pocket full of singles, huh And it's all bueno, musical mafia like Frank Sinatra Pop a thirteen shot glock to make you Go See the Doctor Ain't nuttin nice >From hood to hood, love livin the lavish life (Chorus) Verse Three: Ras Kass Nigga Stu-B-Doo in the GS, three ooh ooh Playin number two Tekken, zero to sixty in six point seven seconds *tires screech* hangin out the window actin up, chickenheads like "You doin fo' months!" Flexin the Rolex oyster perpetual, thirty-five diamonds across the face, still eatin out foam cups and paper plates We don't call it playa hatin in the nine-eight, it's P.I. That's pass intereference, automatic first down Want Juice like Tupac, then Obey Your Thirst clown Be in the PJ's in NY, rockin DK Mix EJ with OJ, OK, we say "L.A. niggaz got crazy came  like John Elway got a superbowl ring" The homies down for whatever, we stack the chedda Swiss bank accounts, and mo' mozzarella fella (Chorus) Outro: Ugh! And it don't stop! HAHA, WESTSIDE RIDERS BABY, HAHA! *fade out* The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Rick Ross f/ Dr. Dre, Jay-Z Album: God Forgives, I Don't Song: 3 Kings Typed by: Gemini_20502K@Yahoo.com [Intro: Dr. Dre] Yeah! Classic hip hop shit! Dr. D-R-E!!! Rozay and Jay! Let's get 'em! [Verse One: Dr. Dre] We started out moppin floors, and now we front row at the awards Another one for the last twenty years If you real motherfucker scream cheers!!! Motherfucker scream cheers!!! Yeah, and it is what it is He wanted to shine at the swap meet 'Til them white boys got him on that hot seat Only love it when her hair long You should listen to this beat through my headphones Money long number one twenty years strong Fuck a gym I am him Andre Young G5's to six fo's, Dre got em! If the bitch bad I got her in red bottoms Great weed, nice homes, bread proper Tech nine, one chamber, top shotta Bentley Coupe, new yacht, my helicopter Born broke, real nigga +Straight Outta Compton+ The fuck you magazine niggas want from me?!! I rewrote the game nigga now talk money! All black on my Al Capone shit I built the house nigga get your own shit I only love it when her hair long You should listen to this beat through my headphones [Interlude: Rick Ross] See y'all niggas, hit the switches on that shit one time HUH! Let the top down [Verse Two: Rick Ross] I came a long way from the weed game Twenty stacks seats at the Heat game (WOO!) And I'm still strapped with the heat mayne (HUH!) Can't be steppin on a nigga feet mayne (HA!) Ev'ry pair of sneakers came from the d game Cousin was a crip, said it was a c thang Brown bag money in a duffle bag Fuck 'em all weigh a mill we gotta double back The homey whippin chickens in his mama kitchen On a mission said he did it for his son's tuition (HUH!) Real niggas dreams come into fruition Stumblin but I never fall leanin on my pistol (WOO!) I only love her when that ass fat We should listen to this track in my maybach (*M-M-M-Maybach Music!) I'm just tryin to be a billionaire Come and suck a dick for a millionaire HUH! [Interlude: Jay-Z] UH! It's just different, I know it feel different [Verse Three: Jay-Z] Uh! I only love her if her eyes brown Play this shit while you play around with my crown King H-O y'all should know by now If you don't know UH! Millions on the wall in all my rooms Niggas couldn't fuck with my daughter's room Niggas couldn't walk in my daughter's socks Bank see bitches Basciat I ran through that buck fifty Live Nation funded me They workin on another deal they talkin TWO HUNDRED FIFTY!!! I'm holdin out for three Two seventy five and I just might agree Ex d boy used to park my beamer Now look at me I could park in my own arena I only love her if her weave knew  I'm still a hood nigga what you want me to do Been hoppin out the B.M. with your BM Takin her places you can't go with your per diem Screamin carpe diem until I'm a dead poet Robin Williams shit, I deserve a Golden Globe bitch! I take a Ace in the meanwhile You ain't gotta keep this Khaled it's just a freestyle Fuck rap money I made more off crates Fuck show money I spent that on drapes Close the curtains fuck boy out my face! I whip the coke let the lawyer beat the case Murder was the case that they gave me I killed the Hermes store somebody save me Stuntin to the Max, like, wavy.....OH SHIT!!!! Oh! Stuntin to the Max I'm so wavy Used to shop in TJ Maxx back in '83  [Outro: Jay-Z] I don't even know if it was open then, I ain't know Oprah then Had the XL80 bike, loud motor they be like Damn when I'm comin through rammmmmmmmmmmmmmm!!!!! Had a grill in '88, y'all niggas is late You got all that right? UH!  I love this shit like my own daughter And spray these niggas baby just like daddy taught ya Young! It's just different! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Royce Da 5'9" f/ Dr. Dre Album: Build and Destroy Song: The Way I Be Pimpin' (Xxplosive Part 2) * Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com * hidden bonus track; written by Royce for Dr. Dre [Chorus: Royce Da 5'9"] I might make it look easy, that's just the way I be pimpin Makin my money, that's just the way I be pimpin They wouldn't leave me, that's just the way I be pimpin You might not believe me, that's just the way I be pimpin [Dr. Dre] I'm livin a motion picture, me and my niggaz In sixteen bars we'll make the big screen ours What is this? Everybody's jiggy now, is the hustle that good in everybody's city now, or do they act good? I pimp on the street, I pimp in my sleep And when I snore it sounds like I'm sayin, "Where's my money?" I ain't playin, I'm out there like, "Where's my honeys?" You gotta be a pimp to understand just how I'm layin Fuck a Lex bubble; I'm rich, and after this I'ma be rich all over again, except double See you ain't so hard; if you ain't burnin rubber in somethin with numbers after the dot, you ain't no star Me and my whole crew, done either shot a nigga or been shot And if you check us out, ain't no scars Hint  steppin to me is suicide And that basically means that you could die, true superfly [Dr. Dre] My life's in the fast lane, that's when I knew I had game Class came, I had hoes but didn't know they last name In school, when you niggaz was tradin clothes Me and my niggaz was tradin hoes like what they fadin fo' Carry my books you hoe, I had 'em slavin yo I get skulled then I played the hoe like, "Way to go" Patrollin the halls holdin a black mac-11 Under the black leather, platforms, a hat with a feather I was so naughty, drivin a gold Audi All we did was throw parties and show up, with Gold Gotti Handsome, and some, I'm the one you ran from Cause you could only be the man in the shit that I was banned from Make this shit seem easy, fiends need me Make the most conceited chick in this bitch seem sleazy Pleased at what I'm doin And to all y'all pimp niggaz, pimp on, and I'll see y'all at the reunion The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Scarface f/ Dr. Dre, Ice Cube, Too $hort Album: The Untouchable Song: Games Over Typed by: OHHLA.com Intro: Too $hort Man, whats up with these niggaz out here Mad at us cause we on top I love to see niggaz gettin money Better get it while the gettin is good Get it while you can, man And stop hatin me, fuckin with my shit cuz I got more hustle than you Get yours, get yours baby Verse One: Dr. Dre Im seeing millions, niggaz dont understand know what? Im makin moves, puttin cash behind plans to blow up, will he style like this everyday I parlay, sip Henne and Tanqueray stay in the mix like Alezay V.I.P., my shit parked valet on the prowl again to get honies familiar with the smile again some try to assault Dre, its still cavi Im eatin steak while they struggle to break the slave mentality I givin livin definition long as my hearts tickin I fought and made the world listen Whatever fly Dr. Dre invented  turn on the box and let my son watch these studio clowns on 60 inches I push a rover, shit platinum before the sessions over rap master with the Houston heat holder these playas best to get they shit in check cuz when I get my hustle on aint no playin with a full deck Chorus: Ice Cube Lord please, murda my enemies (Yeah) Burn em at a thousand degrees And lord please let me make mo cheese Cuz I aint quite ready to leave (No) [repeat 2X] Verse Two: Scarface Buck the whole world meant that, gotta stay strapped cuz 99.9 a niggaz, carry they gats Super fist fightin shit might come down to dyin When the time comes down for the tryin I got nine reasons why niggaz shouldnt step in my face with the nonsense, cause Im always heated and you can taste this Audi little something out the seams a my trousers with no hesitation I got a team to come clown ya I down ya, so let your people know what they face  with the type of individual thatll bomb a sub-station Kaboom! and everybody dies outside there aint no escapin the Reaper so dont try Go ahead, close ya eyes, who the next to step? Face down, hit, bleedin on the steps a death Check yo self, you just been invaded by true soldiers December 31st, 96 (the game is over) Chorus (Ive got all my life to live, plus with all my love to give) Verse Three: Dr. Dre, Scarface  Smokin weed I never trail, I lead spendin dough, tripped the cost of a ride like it was pocket money, Gs but these are the things real playas do  talkin shit is real things that the hatas do Im namin you shits thick, its time to run for shelter I kept the word, things could happen to marks like it was helter skelter Dear diary, Im runnin outta pages Fadin, in and out, takin purple hazes The dazes, Revelations in the last stages Red skys institute, the silent horns playin Im prayin with tears in my eyes Cuz Im tryin to make it into eternal peace without dyin But they eyein my bank account with beams on my rover the killa failed to launch his attack (the game is over) Chorus The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Snoop Dogg f/ Dr. Dre Album: Tha Blue Carpet Treatment Song: Imagine Typed by: tiny_1981@hotmail.com [Snoop Dogg] Yo Doc what up my nigga Snoop Dogg, it is what it is This record is so motherfuckin' gangsta man And i think it's time for me and you to just Turn it down a bit Come on [Dr. Dre] Imagine it never happened Imagine no rappin' Imagine niggaz trapped Imagine it havin' action Imagine how niggaz could be actin' If you never got this shit crackin Imagine life's so hard You can't imagine it's like livin' in city of god You feel me Imagine life on the yard I'm tryin' to get that dollar on some shitty ass job Imagine Biggie with his son Imagine Pac gettin' call pop 'bout one Imagine a mother strugling Dealing with a system that don't give a fuck about who shot her son Imagine life you can't win When you get out of the ghetto and go right to the pen When you get out to the pen you go right to the jenz When you put back to the streets you get right back in Imagine Russell still strugling No Def Jam it's anotoher nigga hustlin' And no rocks on them fellaz Just rocks on them fellaz Just try and keep it bubblin' Imagine niggaz just stoped From the east to the west coast, everybody fucked up I can't imagine no less But it don't take imagination To know niggaz been bless with HIP-HOP Before we go Can you imagine? Picture years, with your mom Can you imagine? Hang her picture in the sky Can you imagine? Call emergency I've been dreamin' all my life. [Snoop Dogg] Could you imagine bein' lit up by some hot shells? Imagine being tossed around and put in jails Imagine life when you can't get from under Imagine niggaz at ya when you done fo' Remember when they asks ya why ya run for and treat ya like a bitch When they kick you in your dick and take your shit We act like we hate to see you gun hoe But just imagine if the rappin' got the gun no but you already know. Imagine niggaz in the LBC felt just like Snoop Dogg & D-R-E, And felt just like the niggaz in the 2-1-3. Then imagine us was comin' when you fuckin' with me. Imagine you was up on top of this shit Imagine if the bitches could stay off this dick I mean imagine we said fuck this shit Imagine if my niggaz got together and tow up this bitch, yeah You can't imagine growin' up in the jail done Happy just to be alive' watching all your people run Would you imagine growin' up to sell your 50 million records world wide or fuckin' on somebodies son Imagine if these niggaz neva saw a colour Would it be peaceful in them streets where niggaz kill each other All the drunk fool gets pissed on balls He fuckin' off my niggaz, they gone murder us all Imagine that The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Snoop Dogg f/ Dr. Dre, Jewell Album: No Limit Top Dogg Song: Just Dippin' Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Snoop] Yeah, uhh Wanna say whattup to all them riders All them siders, all them gangstas, and all them beotches Yeah, we keep it gangsta Yeah, we keep it gangsta Dippin down Long Beach Boulevard I only rides with my Doggs, and I don't give a fuck about none of y'all, I'm ridin til the wheels fall off I only rides with my Doggs [Dr. Dre] Dippin down Compton Boulevard I only rides with my Doggs (say what) I don't give a fuck about none of y'all (fuck y'all) I'm ridin til the wheels fall off I only rides with my Doggs [Snoop] Beware of the big mash, you knew he wasn't finished witcha ass He'll stay on it til it's burnt out, looked how it turned out Nuttin you can do, can't help you out So fall down, Dr. Dre done fell back into the House (DPG) with the Pound, bitches keep throwin pussy at us We don't want it, yea bitch it don't matter It's all about the money, if you got it, throw THAT up (throw it up) Hmm, ride along witcha set (Eastsiiide) And watch us, you motherfuckers can't do that yet I skirt out, I hit a corner on ya, fuck doin halfway I do it to the fullest, I'll probably catch bullets on my last day I hope a prayer come through so I can eat My shoes lookin like about a buck fifty each (but I ain't trippin) But I'ma come up, that's on my momma Now that's on me, cause that's a burden on my momma And she done suffered, the shit's gettin rougher And when the goin get tough, the tough get a strap and low-ridin's on the map Snoop Dogg's #1 the whole Pound's got snaps (nigga) Yeahh, tell me, have you seen us? Bendin corners on gold Daytona's, we heated, so beat it However you want it, naw however you need it, we just dippin! Bendin corners on gold Daytona's, we heated, so beat it However you want it, naw however you need it, we just dippin! Bendin corners on gold Daytona's, we heated, so beat it However you want it [Dr. Dre] Uhh, actin a fool, nigga done paid his dues and got my receipt in return, so I recline the leather seats with a trunk full of beats and, chronic filled leafs to burn No concern as I make a left turn on the 'Shaw (sup nigga?) Off of Jefferson, feelin awfully naked at the U-turn Shit, left my gun, that's a no-no Fuck Bernard Parks, I'm my own po'-po' Nigga talkin dirty after dark, startin stuff May have to mark up a nigga FUBU logo Lettin off like a Ruger promo And even though I'm about the hoes, I never doubt the dulos You know the rule goes, where there's a hoe there's a hater (Fuck them niggaz!) Well there's some hoes over there, and I concentrate on the haters later (what?) Give these bitches numbers to the pager Invite em to the next Dre function as party favors Who said pimpin's hard labor? [Snoop] Bendin corners on gold Daytona's, we heated, so beat it However you want it, naw however you need it, we just dippin! Bendin corners on gold Daytona's, we heated, so beat it However you want it, naw however you need it, we just dippin! Bendin corners on gold Daytona's, we heated, so beat it However you want it, naw however you need it, we just dippin! [Jewell] Heyyy, ohh yeah, ohh yeah Better watch out, cause here we come Always, dippin Better watch out, cause here we come Always, dippin Better watch out, cause here we come Always, dippin Better watch out, cause here we come We're always, dippin Better watch out, cause here we come Al-always, dippin Better watch out, cause here we come We're always, we're dippin (dippin) Better watch out, cause here we come In them streets, dippin (dippin) Better watch out, cause here we come Hittin them corners, dippin (dippin) Better watch out, cause here we come [Snoop] Bendin corners on gold Daytona's, we heated, so beat it However you want it, naw however you need it, we just dippin! Bendin corners on gold Daytona's, we heated, so beat it However you want it, naw however you need it, we just dippin! Bendin corners on gold Daytona's, we heated, so beat it However you want it The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Snoop Dogg f/ Butch Cassidy, Tha Eastsidaz, Dr. Dre,  	Master P, Nate Dogg Album: Tha Last Meal Song: Lay Low Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash {*Snoop's message actually starts at the end of "Stacey Adams"*} [Snoop Dogg] Yo what's Crip-a-lat'n? Dis big Snoop Dogg Leave your name and your number at the motherfuckin beep If dis one of my hoes, two-way me {*BEEP*} [Dr. Dre] Ay ay Snoop whattup? This your nigga Dre Ay man I was thinkin I ain't said shit on your whole motherfuckin album So check it out, put this on there: All you motherfuckin haters out there, can suck my motherfuckin dick! And we still smokin, what?! [Chorus: Nate Dogg] For the nigga who be talkin loud and holdin his dick Talkin shit, he better LAY LOW For the bitch that said I shot some shit up out of my dick Now she sick, she better LAY LOW For the niggaz who be claimin my hood and really ain't from my gang, better LAY LOW I hope he don't be thinkin I'm just talkin and I won't do a thing, really HOPE SO! [Snoop Dogg] Hmm, lay low, nobody move until I say so Limo tint rollin deep like the President See I don't go to clubs, I never chase a bitch (beitch) I'm here to bang that gangsta shit to the apocalypse We call it stress, some of y'all call it chocolate Return of the Top Dogg, and ain't no stoppin this Whatever the case, I ain't tryin to catch it Lay low, blow big dope, and slang records Unseen but well heard, do not disturb The only reason you alive cause I ain't sent the word I flip, faster than birds, Snoop Dogg will emerge from the smoke and go loc, you shouldn't provoke I bring the worst from the L.B.C. Smash motherfuckers thinkin they gon' smash on me Snoop and Dre give a FUCK about what y'all say From the "World's Most Dangerous Group" - N.W.A Ay, ay [Butch Cassidy] Our rise, it was no surprise I always knew these fools would trip Hatin, fakin, schemin on mine and on the down low talkin shit Best move cause I refuse to lose no matter which damn road I choose So lay low cause you might be bruised Top story on the evening news I ain't for games, so if you wanna play 'em lay low Lay down on the floor I'm in a rage, so if we gotta do this let me know That's what I came fo' [Goldie Loc - Eastsidaz] Where that nigga who be talkin shit? He don't come around no more because I fucked his bitch I made her suck my dick, while I was squeezin the tits Then I hit it from the back, gripped tight on them hips She tried to make me cum, but I was tryin to take her home Dropped you off and seen you fishin on your raggedy Brougham Coulda thumped you and the dog (you little fag) And don't sag too hard, you show everybody your thong [Tray Deee - Eastsidaz] Booyaka booyaka, we bring it straight to ya From 22's to Luger's the shit that shoot through ya Who you motherfuckers think the Top Dogg bang with? The same click he came with and made the game flip Now niggaz grow they hair, hope they stayin act hard That's even tho' yo' CEO talk shit get slapped hard The backyard is where we get our scrap on The black car drive by then you get capped on [Master P] Whassup pimpin? It's P and Snoop With Dre on the beat, this ain't nuttin but loot They call me Jed Clampett for all the bread I got but they call me Bill Clinton for all the head I got I keeps it real-ah, cause I'm all about my scrilla The ladies love me cause I'm a million dolla hitta It's, No Limit til I D-I-E C-P-3, or Richmond, Cali's where I be The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Timbaland f/ Dr. Dre, Missy Elliott, Justin Timberlake Album: Shock Value Song: Bounce Typed by: LeeDub614@hotmail.com Come her girl, come here girl, come here girl, bounce Come her girl, come here girl, come here girl, bounce Come her girl, come here girl, come here girl, bounce Come her girl, come here girl, come here gi- ir- rl [Timbaland] Lemme see them big titties, don't be actin' sadidy you're not pretty Break bread if you wanna get with me, all I wanna do is dig up in them kidneys Tell your boyfriend he better mind his business for he end up in the trunk of my Bentley I'm considered a boss you can't get me, you ain't got enough paper to deal with me Babygirl wanna two step wit me turn around wit her ass up against me Roll along and got tipsy then tonight, tommorow you the mystery All you haters on that hoe shit miss me, I stay strapped security don't frisk me Fed it off til the motherfucker empty, I'll turn around and do the same shit next week come on (Timbaland)[Timberlake] (Bounce)[like your ass had the hiccups] (Bounce)[like we was ridin' in my pickup] (Bounce)[why you lookin' so sad babygirl you need to cheer up] (Bounce)[I got the remedy, it's you on me and me on you] [It's you on me and me on you and you on her] [And her on me, and her on you, and y'all on me] [And me on y'all and y'all on me menage a trois, menage a twa ahh uhh] [Dr. Dre] There she go, just what the doc's been lookin for She just what I need, lookin Chinese like ~Sum Yung Ho~ I gotta bungalo we can disappear for a week or so Yeah, I gotta stadium flow Superbowl with it like I'm Dungy yo Oh, yes, congratulations you run a millionaire invitation Sorry I'm so demanding, sick of dancing back to mansion and And this money handsome, ain't that a panty anthem I kill me just like you from the back you'll see (Timbaland)[Timberlake] (Bounce)[like your ass had the hiccups] (Bounce)[like we was ridin' in my pickup] (Bounce)[why you lookin' so sad babygirl you need to cheer up] (Bounce)[I got the remedy, it's you on me and me on you] [It's you on me and me on you and you on her] [And her on me, and her on you, and y'all on me] [And me on y'all and y'all on me menage a trois, menage a twa ahh uhh] [Missy Elliott] Hold up, hell naw like Britney Spears I wear no drawls In the club I drink it up, goomp goomp drink it up Got Patron sippin' in my cup, hey, where's your man Bet that I could make him love me oooh When he see the jugs he will wanna rush to get a quick touch Of this big ole butt, mmmhmmm big ole butt Thick legs, big ole jugs legs stick like rims on the truck Take em to the crib, yeah we gon fuck You could call me a freak, I like to get BUCK, BUCK And I don't have to do much to make him get it up Sum Yung Hoe she worth two dollars I'm worth more dollars than make up beauty parlors I pop collars ca ca ca ca collars I on't buy shots, I only buy the bottles Only rich girls we only buy the bottles But like a porn star I'm best when to swallow (Timbaland)[Timberlake] (Bounce)[like your ass had the hiccups] (Bounce)[like we was ridin' in my pickup] (Bounce)[why you lookin' so sad babygirl you need to cheer up] (Bounce)[I got the remedy, it's you on me and me on you] [It's you on me and me on you and you on her] [And her on me, and her on you, and y'all on me] [And me on y'all and y'all on me menage a trois, menage a twa ahh uhh] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Truth Hurts f/ Dr. Dre Album: Truthfully Speaking Song: Push Play Typed by: MrRolleFingaz@aol.com * * send corrections to the typist [Truth Hurts] I decided I'ma get my shit together, mhhm Deal with the truth, I call the rules I've got somethin' to say (woow) (Well) well Now I believe when it's real, you got to face it, yeaah It's called the truth I think I heard somebody saaayin This waaay Let the truth be told Let the truth be told (told) Let the truth be told Let the truth be told (told) I say... (tooold) Let the truth be told! {*beat changing*} [Dr. Dre] (Truth Hurts) Yo Do yall wanna know the truth? The niggas can't handle the truth In fact, they scared of it See let me explain somethin to ya Truth is... These niggas seein that we at it again Straight up to work this magic again So can I get a witness? Except us on some pimp shit Introducin Truth to the world They aint ready for this soulful singer like a real bitch supposed to Music you can coast to Put it on when them hatin niggas roll through Not fake, not false like the average  Nobody's fuckin takin advantage She's out to do damage To all yall R'n'B bitches (Yes I am) Ain't hard for her to see bitches Even the words you think is key bitches (Here I am) I told yall, well if i haven't sold yall Keep your ear to the street You bitches have no idea what I'm about to unleash And if you're wondering where's the proof You should wait no longer cuz here's the truth [Truth Hurts] (Dr. Dre) Who's hot They not That's why I drop this shit You cop Put mine on... ??? Things just aint gone be the same Niggas who truth put up in the game What was yall doin before? (Bullshittin'?) If you didn't, now you know I just don't understand why niggas settle ??? than number {*KRS-One sample*} 1, 1, 1, 1, ... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: World Class Wreckin Cru Album: First Round Knockout Song: Surgery Typed by: DJTigerbabe@hotmail.com Records...Mixer...Turntables...Speakers (2X) How...She (4X) Howwww is she (4X) How...She (4X) Howwww is he (4X) [Arabian Prince] Seven dayz a week, he's on call To get the party people up off the wall You'll fell motivated as he operates Cuz' party energy is what she generates He'll prescribe for you, her potent elixir Two turntables, speakers, and a mixer He'll rock your party wherever you be. Calling Dr. Dre to surgery [Arabian Prince] L.A. is the place for you to be To witness Dr. Dre in surgery He has a Ph. D in mixology to cut on the wheels so viciously. Boom Boom...Boom Boom...Boom Boom Boom Boom Boom Boom Come here freak, closer and see. To witness Dr. Dre in Surgery [Arabian Prince] Dr. Dre (4X) Dr. Dre Dre Dre, Dr. Dre (4X) Dr. Dre Dre Dre, Dr. Dre (3X) Dr. Dre Dre Dre. Dr. Dre, Dr. Bop...Bop Bop Bop...Bop... Bop Bop Bop. Bop. Bop. Bop Bop Bop. Bop.  Bo-Bop Bop Bop..Bop Bop. Bop Bop.  Bop Bop. Bop Bop Bop. Uh...Ahh **interchange for 16 turns** (Durung 9th and 16th round of Uhs and Ahhs) Records...Mixer..Turntables...Speakers(2X) [Yella] Dr. Dre [Dr.Dre] Yo Dr. Dre [Dr. Dre] What what what what is it? [Yella] Dr. Dre [Dr. Dre] Yo [Yella] Dr. Dre [Dr. Dre] Yo yo yo yo yo [Yella] Man the freaks, man man man the freaks ain't freaky man man man the freaks ain't freaky man the freaks ain't freaky man the freaks ain't freaky man the freaks ain't freaky Dre talk [computer voice] Now that control is back you see it's time for the remix of surgery So get on down at this time don't be late To witness Dr. Dre as he operates. Check it out! [Dr. Dre] I'm Dr. Dre gorgeous hunk of a man Doing tricks on the mix like no others can The nurses say I'm cute, they say i'm fine but you betta beware cuz' i'll blow your mind I'll take you to my car I'll take you to my home ans up and down your body my finger will roam The nurses say that I'm nasty they say that I'm mean But when you come to my pad your guaranteed to scream AHAHAHAHAHAHAHA The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Xzibit f/ Dr. Dre, Snoop Dogg Album: Man vs Machine Song: Losin' Your Mind Typed by: LoDizzo187@hotmail.com * * send corrections to the typist [Xzibit (Snoop)] Out of a crowd, picking em out (and what?) Digging em out to kicking em out (and what?) Surviving the game is what it's about (and what?) I'm running this bitch, you running your mouth (then what?) If I keep dropping heat this hard (what?) The fucking devil gonna be out of a jar (and what?) Rakim conversation with God (what?) I'm so hard with a quad in the prison yard Magic Johnson need to run for mayor Lil Kim sold me some pussy, but I aint pay her You can, hate me now or hate me later I'm a instigator, (what?) a instigator It's the, MVPs and SUVs We don't, take no shit, take yo shit Leave a, hole in ya face size on Grand Canyon Head between ya knees, prepare for crash landing Hand 'em out is not my style You done, fucked up now but dont look down We too, high up fo yo bricks to get to See the skid marks from the shit I've been through How that sound?, smack me around Like the national death, nah it's not goin down Speak ya mind but watch yo mouth You big sis but no dollars, so that dont count (nigga!) [Hook 1 - Xzibit (Dr Dre)] Who wanna get involved with us? Break down bitches, ball with us Hit a couple of corners, crawl with us No matter how you bust, you aint hard as us It's not, what you say, but how you spit it It's not, what you got, but how you get it Come on, Golden State done finally did it (What made y'all think y'all could fuck wit Xzibit?) [Hook 2 - Snoop Dogg x2] Lights, camera, action, show-time We bust shit back in no time Yo kind cant fuck with my kind You must be losin' yo mind [Xzibit] Lift off a mark, inhale exhaust Can never come off soft, I cover the cost Get lost in the sauce and the city niggas believe me Pimping aint easy, fat meat be greasy Hoes cant walk right, pigs never fly straight What that West like, we rise like the birth rate First taste of the future, we all hands on Amputating Satan's last legs to stand on Head strong re-match, dollar for dollar, bullet for bullet Niggas dont want it, then dont pull it Dont shoot it, mind polluted, deeply rooted Cock back, ready to rock, time to do it [Hook 1 - Xzibit (Dr Dre)] Who wanna get involved with us? Break down bitches, ball with us Hit a couple of corners, crawl with us No matter how you bust, you aint hard as us It's not, what you say, but how you spit it It's not, what you got, but how you get it Come on, Golden State done finally did it (What made y'all think y'all could fuck with Xzibit?) [Xzibit (Snoop)] Back for more, watch me score (with what?) With any whore that wanna explore (with what?) The ups the downs, the ins the outs (then what?) Kicking that ass, dick in your mouth (so what?) Piss on ya chest, and put it on tape (now what?) Have all these bitches calling it rape (and what?) Slicker than that, so pump your brakes (and what?) Indite it, fight it, settle the case (w-w-w-w-what?) [Hook 1 - Xzibit (Dr Dre)] Who wanna get involved with us? Break down bitches,ball with us Hit a couple of corners, crawl with us No matter how you bust, you aint hard as us It's not, what you say, but how you spit it It's not, what you got, but how you get it Come on, Golden State done finally did it (What made y'all think y'all could fuck with Xzibit?) [Hook 2 - Snoop Dogg x2] Lights camera action, show-time We bust shit back in no time Yo kind cant fuck with my kind You must be losin' yo mind The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Xzibit f/ Dr. Dre Album: Man vs Machine Song: Symphony in X Major Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Xzibit] Time to snap out of it, welcome to the real world My life like a Hitchcock flick, stick to the script If she can't stick to the script, stick to this dick How she actin off of the fifth? Ridiculous shit We don't need conversation, just crowd participation If you here on vacation we got, rules and regulations Seperate myself from y'all, segregation Tryin to stop Xzibit and Dre? Humiliation Pure elevation, got me some inspiration Two bitches in bubble baths, a beautiful invitation Got a live occupation, live for the moment I'm faced with an altercation manhandlin my opponents I got eyes in the back of my head I never sleep so they bloodshot red Yo we so far ahead of our time If we can stop life and press rewind You still wouldn't catch up 'til 2K and a dime, so turn it up [Chorus - female and male singers] [F] Turn it up! [M] Turn it up [F] This is it! [M] This is it [F] We the shit [M] We the shiiiiiiiiiit [F] Get with it! [F] Give a fuck [M] Give a fuck [F] Who you wit [M] Who you wit [F] Turn it up! [M] Turn it uppppppppppp [F] Get with it! [Dr. Dre] Truthfully speakin, it's lonely up here all by myself So I had to come down and pass around some help From N.W.A to whatever's next Make sure it says ANDRE YOUNG in bold letters on big checks Your shit ain't sellin? Fuck it, get Dr. Dre on it You got a budget? I'll get down, give me half of it One session, one song, I'm gone The first week, you hit the streets, a star is born to add to my universe - let me show you who can invade who nigga, and who can do who the worst Warning from the Surgeon General Watch out for fake hits and bullshit that sounds identical Pick it up, read the credits, who you thought it was? Twenty years in the game, with a constant buzz Pick a year, any year, see how hot I was Same shit today, and still don't give a fuck! [Chorus 2] [M] Stay.. in your place [X] Stay in your place nigga [M] You can't face, what we bringin [X] What we bring to the game, playa [M] Bounce like this [X] Bounce [F] Bounce like this [M] Blaze your shit [F] Blaze your shit [M] And get high for meeeeeeee [Xzibit] Let me give y'all niggaz somethin to hold This product not to be sold Know you can't cook it over a stove You can flip it and come back with a mitt Don't make me reach through your limo tint I just want my twenty percent This is dedicated to the people that spoke too soon I think I'll stop shootin you niggaz and shoot for the moon Motherfuckers turn respect on and off like a light switch I'll never be seen, like Farrakhan fuckin a white bitch Jump I won't flinch, dump I don't miss X holdin this, I'm never losin faith or focus So say what you gotta say, every day a holiday We don't blow the roof, we blow the whole fuckin spot away {*BOOM*} Organize permission like, organized crime Organized minds, organize they nickels and dimes Organized vocab be organizing my rhymes Organizing my business and organizing my time, so turn it up The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Xzibit f/ Dr. Dre Album: Restless Song: U Know Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Xzibit] Most niggaz get it confused right? Huh They think it's all chronic and palm trees out this muh'fucka Bitches and bikinis, listen, huh Some niggaz is better left alone I place you underneath the very ground you walkin on And ain't no children in this motherfucker, drop your tone Ain't got no business even FUCKIN with no microphones So yo it's me against the world, and ain't got shit to lose My heavy artillery built to make the masses move I carry tools that'll pick you up and out your shoes Xzibit bringin new meanin to alcohol abuse I wanna fall up in the spot where all the bitches at Holdin somethin heavy to help you straighten out your back A couple of drinks and I bend you over the kitchen sink So what you think I owe you somethin bitch for fuckin me? (BITCH) Get a grip, misery love company, check it Xzibit show you the difference between real life and makin a record Makin the moves and connections that you never expected What good is money and the fame if you never respected? Check it out You know, who's runnin these fuckin streets (You get involved, you gettin slapped with the heat nigga) Don't be actin like your shit don't stink (c'mon) Y'all ain't fuckin with X You know, we roll so fuckin deep (Yeah round after round in the middle of the street niggaz) Cause you're actin like your shit don't stink [Xzibit] Yo, I ain't afraid of them fuckin invisible gats you always bringin out in your raps My shit'll quickly make you fold and collapse My goal to strictly takin over the map, by any means Hustle and make more tracks than a her-on fiend Keep my enemies on a first name basis and hate them niggaz like a skinhead racist Chuck Taylors and fat laces Stompin hoes through y'all turf I hurt worse than actual childbirth A chick can suck my dick til the big squirt (AH-AHH!) The song work, so ain't no playin wit us Findin out where you rest your head and I'm sprayin it up The remains that's left behind can probably fit in a cup You pressin your luck, you makin yourselves easy to touch I'm from the home of the hit 'em up, only two ways You droppin some shells or you get 'em up, back in the days there was a time there was this woman that I want to keep up but nowadays when I see you I'm just tryin to fuck so check it out You know, who's runnin these fuckin streets (The king of these West coast gangsta beats, niggaz) Always droppin off nothin but straight heat so stay the fuck out of the way You know, we roll so fuckin deep (Round after round in the middle of the street niggaz) Cause you're actin like your shit don't stink Y'all ain't fuckin with Dre [Dr. Dre] Thangs just ain't the same since he came out Two thousand and one, came blew the game out I heard you was hot {*huff*} blew your flame out And got the nerve to believe you hold the same clout? I thought I told you, keep my name out of your fuckin mouth (But Dr. Dre!) See that's exactly what I'm talkin bout That shit right there, that's all day long Just don't stop, I gots to be alone at the top Forever ready loaded and locked, with niggaz that'll circle yo' block and let 'em pop til some bodies get dropped It's Doc Holiday in the flesh (Still) hold it down, represent, resurrect the West (Still) holdin ground, touchin down, with my nigga X (Still) send a couple through yo' chest if you disrespect Dr. Dre comin back (shit) I never left The number one ranked highest paid celebrity guest That's eight digits, motherfuckers You know, who's runnin these fuckin streets (You get involved, you gettin slapped with the heat nigga) Don't be actin like your shit don't stink (c'mon) Y'all ain't fuckin with X You know, we roll so fuckin deep (Yeah round after round in the middle of the street niggaz) Cause you're actin like your shit don't stink (YO) Y'all ain't fuckin with X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Yukmouth f/ N.W.A, Tech N9ne Album: Thugged Out: The Albulation Song: Stallion Typed by: dy_face@hotmail.com [Dr. Dre]  The motherfucking saga continues.. [Eazy-E] It's the world's biggest dick Don't matter just don't bite it It's the world's biggest dick Don't matter just don't bite it But does she suck a good dick? Don't matter just don't bite it She swallowed it.. [Skit: Erotic Conversation] Awww shit, I want to come, turn.. turn around I want you to sit on it, sit on it.. GODDAMN!! - I said ride my dick not bend my dick, SHIT!! [Narrator #1: Husband] Does your bitch know how to ride your dick? Would you consider your bitch to be a stallion? Well, my bitch didn't, so I went out and bought the newest book of art booklet The Art of Riding Dick!! [Narrator #2: Wife] Lesson three - First your straddle the rock hard dick Gettin' ready for positioning Now, it's time to shut clears, face down, ass up As he begins rocking, and out of your wet pussy Pushing back harder, urging him to fuck your harder And before you know it - SPLASH!! [Tech N9ne] Kick it slow, is the tempo, and Tech is gonna flow As I engaged up all this page to let you know How the nigga be runnin' the game on these dames like ahh.. Nigga, with the money and women and the.. All with the motherfuckin' dick better.. Greetings, better ride up off no bekin Seriously speakin, for the 99 I'm reachin' Seakin, got the number and now I'm wonderin' if she bogus Now my focus, just to bop her, just like Orville Reddenbacher Check it out, she was a thick ass young, up in Timberland Went to Buddah at thursday night, the bitch acts strange Wore her sweat suits, so she can hide that good I'm tryin' to get it up in that hog, like tinger woof Soccer shit, I listen to an every problem down my dick It's hope, she stick in the bop in time to hit  I bought her close and told her I'll be there She got a man, I got a woman, but now I'm playin' with coochie hair Now it's on, now it's on, fuck the phone Cause when I'm hittin' the stresses are all gone Now, she's beggin' me to knock her pussy dead I already got my plan, just cause I'ma take her to the bed Then I'ma give her a show here, then I'ma run that ass down like a procaire Now, she is askin' about multiple dicks Shit, I'm on some more mason manipulative shit You're best be friend.. Late night, when you're rollin' in the streets Creepin, call on me alone Stallion, baby, I'm need of your love  Creep with me, cause you know, you're my good friend [Yukmouth] Aiy, aiy, aiy, once I was kickin' at the drive-in Left the car full of motherfuckers drove-in Yo, at first I thought they was going to start some trouble  But no, four niggaz smokin' weed inside a brand new Tex' Bauble Now, what you niggaz think? - they got me chronic and that's slogan All I see is niggaz chokin' and that fuckin' window smokin' And I'm over here havin' a fit, cause this bitch that I'm wit Got me smokin' on that Bomb of weed shit, I'm like damn!! They need to walk over to the GS To purchase up sack of chronic instead of fuckin' with this 3S So I told that bitch, that I'm with That I'm goin' to get some more cigars Then got the fuck out the car Went to the next corner, looked through the window It seemed they're smokin' Indo with some bitches I knew They let me in y'all, and my turn was like next I snatched their Mot and guzzled their shit, like overtry from the Sess Here it go ahead, hit it, hit it Passed me the weed, she snatched my dick up out my drawers Then gave a nigga some Head-To-Toe with it I didn't cum for that shit that she does Then break her scrikkie scratch nikkie, cause she shiest out Pinky bitch sciddie caver Spigotty splash goes the cum, as I bust nut Bust nut, all in her face, suck a blunt up then raised the fuck up Back to the car pretend I never sinned You can be my stallion and play girl I'll be your friend You're best be friend.. [MC Ren] 90 percent of these bitches still want to nut One and two, what the fuck would you niggaz do, if that shit was you? Bitches be all in a nigga grill, want to sneak to taste Want the niggaz to nut all up in their face, I fuck these whores any place The Villain don't be havin' to fuck them when I let them see it When I open their shit and start gabblin, so be it I get loony, I make their mouths all yakie If she wanna love me long time when thee suckie suckie With the attitude, this is part three Part four be the shit when your bitch looks for me Ugh, Villain be watchin' these whores jumbin' like crickets Tryin' to find a nigga Hotel so their ass can lick it This is for my nigga E, this is how the shit supposed to be Talkin' about these stinky whores constantly But the Villain keep the nigga shit goin' Long as my motherfuckin' dick keep growin' Ugh, Ren and Yuk, really don't give a fuck, with that nigga Tech N9ne He'll freeze up your spine, tryin' to fuck with mine Ugh, all my niggaz shit Cause this bitch sucked that hellified dick [Hook: MC Ren] Shakin' that ass like the soul shaker Now, she is dancin' on the floor with a skirt no panties on I saw her hangin' in the alley Braggin' to her friends how she whorin' in the valley [Narrator #3: Wife] There you have it, a job well done Yeah, awww shit, (*Moaning*) [Outro: Erotic Conversation] Take it, take it, take it to the Tech N9ne and take it back on Then I want you to Yukmouth and take  And take MC Ren and take  To join the whole fuckin' basehead  Yeah, yeah, give me, give me.. 