The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Eminem Album: Infinite Song: Infinite Typed by: i3omb1st@aol.com Oh yeah, this is Eminem baby, back up in that motherfucking ass One time for your mother fucking mind, we represent the 313 You know what I'm saying?, cause they don't know shit about this For the 9-6 [Verse 1] Ayo, my pen and paper cause a chain reaction To get your brain relaxin, a zany actin maniac in action A brainiac in fact son, you mainly lack attraction You look insanely wack when just a fraction of my tracks run My rhyming skills got you climbing hills I travel through your mind into your spine like siren drills I'm sliming grills of roaches, with spray that disinfects And twisting necks of rappers 'til their spinal column disconnects Put this in decks and check the monologue, turn your system up Twist 'em up, and indulge in the marijuana smog This is the season for noise pollution contamination Examination of more cartoons than animation My lamination of narration Hits the snare and bass in a track for duck rapper interrogation When I declare invasion, there ain't no time to be staring, gazing I turn the stage into a barren wasteland... I'm Infinite You heard of hell well I was sent from it I went to it servin a sentence for murdering instruments Now I'm trying to repent from it But when I hear the beat I'm tempted to make another attempt at it... I'm Infinite {*scratches "time" and "is money"*} [Verse 2] Bust it, I let the beat commence so I can beat the sense in your elite  defense I got some meat to mince, a crew to stomp, and then two feet to rinse I greet the gents and ladies, I spoil loyal fans I foil plans and leave fluids leaking like oil bands My coiled hands around this microphone are lethal One thought in my cerebral is deeper then a Jeep full of people MC's are feeble, I came to cause some pandemonium Battle a band of phony MC's and stand a lonely one Imitator, Intimidator, Stimulator, Simulator of data, Eliminator There's never been a greater since the burial of Jesus Fuck around and catch all the venereal diseases My thesis will smash a stereo to pieces My a cappella releases classic masterpieces through telekinesis That eases you mentally, gently, sentimentally, instrumentally With entity, dementedly meant to be Infinite You heard of hell well I was sent from it I went to it servin a sentence for murdering instruments Now I'm trying to repent from it But when I hear the beat I'm tempted to make another attempt at it... I'm Infinite {*scratches "time" and "is money"*} [Verse 3] Man I got evidence I'm never dense and I been clever ever since My residence was hesitant to do some shit that represents the M-O So I'm assuming all responsibility Cause there's a monster will in me that always wants to kill MC's Mic Nestler, slamming like a wrestler Here to make a mess of a lyric smuggling embezzler No one is specialer, my skill is intergalactical I get cynical, act a fool, then I send a crew back to school I never packed a tool or acted cool, it wasn't practical I'd rather led a tactical, tactful track tickle your fancy In fact I can't see, or can't imagine A man who ain't a lover of beats or a fan of scratching So this is for my family, the kid who had a cammy on my last jam Plus the man who never had a plan B Be all you can be, cause once you make an instant hit I'm tensed a bit and tempted when I see the sins my friends commit... I'm Infinite You heard of hell well I was sent from it I went to it servin a sentence for murdering instruments Now I'm trying to repent from it But when I hear the beat I'm tempted to make another attempt at it... I'm Infinite You heard of hell well I was sent from it I went to it servin a sentence for murdering instruments Now I'm trying to repent from it But when I hear the beat I'm tempted to make another attempt at it... I'm Infinite 95...96...and on and on.... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: (Eminem f/) DJ Head, Proof Album: Infinite Song: W.E.G.O. (Interlude) Typed by: ÇexyÇy {*old school hip-hop beat tune plays in the background like a radio station*} [Proof] Yeah soul intent, checking it number one baby this week You know what I'm sayin'? This is MC Proof [Head] And DJ Head [Proof] Checkin' in on W.E.G.O. You know what I'm sayin'? Ay yo we got the number one requested song, of the DAY coming up next. It's a local thing wants retilin' It goes by the name of Eminem And it's called "It's OK" The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Eminem f/ Eye-Kyu Album: Infinite Song: It's Ok Typed by: i3omb1st@aol.com Eye-Kyu: Check it out,  Eminem: Hey Kyu! Eye-Kyu: Chorus: It's a broke day but everything is ok (It's ok) I'm up all night, but everything is alright (It's alright) It's a rough week, and I don't get enough sleep (I can't sleep) It's a long year pretending I belong here (Belong here) It's a broke day but everything is ok (It's ok) I'm up all night, but everything is alright (It's alright) It's a rough week, and I don't get enough sleep (I can't sleep) It's a long year pretending I belong here (Belong here) Verse 1: Eminem One day I plan to be a family man happily married I wanna grow to be so old that I have to be carried Till I'm glad to be buried  And leave this crazy world And have at least a half a million for my baby girl It may be early to be planning this stuff Cause I'm still struggling hard to be the man, and it's tough Cause man it's been rough, but still I manage enough I've been taken advantage of, damaged and scuffed My hands have been cuffed But I don't panic and huff, frantic and puff Or plan to give up, the minute shit hits the fan it erupts I'm anteing up double or nothing, I've been trouble enough And I'm sick of struggling and suffering, see My destiny's to rest at ease, till I'm impressed and pleased With my progress, I won't settle for less than cheese I'm on a quest to seize all, my own label to call Way before my baby is able to crawl I'm too stable to fall, the pressure motivates To know I hold the weight of boulders on my shoulder blades I seen the golden gates to heaven on Earth Where they don't pull a weapon on you when you stepping on turf, Q Eye-Kyu: Chorus: It's a broke day but everything is ok (It's ok) I'm up all night, but everything is alright (It's alright) It's a rough week, and I don't get enough sleep (I can't sleep) It's a long year pretending I belong here (Belong here) It's a broke day but everything is ok (It's ok) I'm up all night, but everything is alright (It's alright) It's a rough week, and I don't get enough sleep (I can't sleep) It's a long year pretending I belong here (Belong here) Verse 2: Eminem I'm going for broke, gambling and playing for keeps Everyday in the streets, scrambling and paying for cheep  Praying for sleep Dreaming with a watering mouth Wishing for a better life for my daughter and spouse In this slaughtering house, caught up in bouts With the root of all evil I've seen it turn beautiful people crude and deceitful And make them do shit illegal For these Grant's and Jackson's These transactions explain a man's actions But in the mist of this insanity, I found my Christianity  Through God and there's a wish he granted me He showed me how to cope with the stress And hope for the best, instead of mope and depressed Always groping a mess, of flying over the nest To selling dope with the rest I quit smoking cess to open my chest Life is stressful inside this cesspool  Trying to wrestle, I almost bust a blood vessel My little brother's trying to learn his mathematics He's asthmatic, running home from school away from crack addicts Kids attract static, children with automatics Taking target practice on teens for Starter Jackets I'm using smarter tactics to overcome this slum I won't become as dumb as some and succumb to scum It's cumbersome, I'm trying to do well on this Earth But it's been Hell on this Earth since I fell on this Earth Eye-Kyu: Chorus: It's a broke day but everything is ok (It's ok) I'm up all night, but everything is alright (It's alright) It's a rough week, and I don't get enough sleep (I can't sleep) It's a long year pretending I belong here (Belong here) It's a broke day but everything is ok (It's ok) I'm up all night, but everything is alright (It's alright) It's a rough week, and I don't get enough sleep (I can't sleep) It's a long year pretending I belong here (Belong here) Uh, it's ok, yeah it's alright, even though I can't sleep Uh yeah, it's ok, it's alright, I can't sleep The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Eminem f/ Eye-Kyu Album: Infinite Song: 313 Typed by: i3omb1st@aol.com Eye-Kyu: Now what you know about a sweet MC, from the 313 None of these skills you bout to see come free So you wanna be a sweet MC, you gotta become me If you ever wanna be one see Eminem: Man what you know about a sweet MC, in the 313 None of these skills you bout to see come free So you wanna be a sweet MC, you better become me If you ever wanna be one see Verse 1: Eye-Kyu Yo some people say I'm whack, now if that's right  I'm the freshest whack MC that you ever heard, in your lifetime My slick accapella sounds clever with the beats Boy I'm the deepest thing since potholes to ever hit the streets Forgot a gold digger's succubus , my souls thick with ruggedness With the mic I'm like a dyke, can't no nigga fuck with this I got more Different Strokes than Philip Drummound On open mic I bone your women just to keep my lyrics coming (bitch) We elevated to new heights premeditated  Let it be that I stated they hate it now that they see that I made it The escalated can be put to the test of greatness Snatch the heart from MC's and I ate it So I take it that's the reason I'm hated To represent my temperment If rap was a dick all you so called hard MC's would not be impitant But pimping it, and acting like you could rock a show (so) Harder than LL's Rock the Bells, but you is a ho (now) Everything that you collaborate I lacerate  My rhymes they keep coming like nympho maniacs that masturbate At a faster rate, yeah I got something for your ass to hate I blasterate, and have you all running master gates And as for face clutching and touching the flows I got them open like marijuana smoke up in your nose Bucking these hoes, I got that shit down to a science Leaving them hot and bothered, turned on like an appliance  Defiance, no we won't have that You want your shit to blow up? Well I'ma stuff some dynamite in your ass crack  And blast that shit to kingdom come Then bring them some of this real hip-hop  I drop beats and you ain't singing or gonna do a thing about And you all knew from Meeko That you couldn't hold your own with the strength of Lou Forigno So stop that bullshit and flow Yo, you need to come with the real skills, and act like you know Chorus: Eminem So what you know about a sweet MC, in the 313 None of these skills you bout to see come free So you wanna be a sweet MC, you better become me If you ever wanna be one see Eye-Kyu: Now what you know about a sweet MC, from the 313 None of these skills you bout to see come free So you wanna be the sweet MC, you gotta become me If you ever wanna be one see Verse 2: Eminem So what, you know about a sweet MC, in the 313 You don't know shit so when you see one flee You can be Run-D, you'll never beat the MC I'll stop the alphabet at S and got it down to a T I'm sure your bound to agree, a sweet MC crashes the spot I'll make the roof hot like I was Rock Master Scott Your ass forgot, so just in case you don't remember me I'll run your brain around the block to jog your fucking memory It's either them or me man, kill or be killed You will and be sealed your casket closed you still gonna be billed My facilities filled with fans, packed to capacity I'll send a rapper back with the crack of his ass shitty If he's acting soft and he cowers He better come cleaner then Jay Rue jacking off when he showers You flowers got no clout with a thing You could date a stick of dynamite and wouldn't go out with a bang I showered the slang, simple as A,B,C's Skip over the D's and rock the microphone with E's Dethrone MC's and I'ma max alone Relax your dome like a solo from a saxophone So facts are known, writers get treated with shocks I rock a beat harder then you could beat it with rocks I'm greeted with flocks, of fellow follower's singers You couldn't make the fans throw up their hands if they swallowed their  fingers But you can bring yours let's see what you got But don't front and never try to be what you're not Cause you can be quick, jump the candlestick, burn your back And fuck Jill on a hill, but you still ain't Jack  Chorus: Eye-Kyu So what you know about a sweet MC, from the 313 None of these skills you just seen come free So you wanna be a sweet MC, you'll never become me So you ain't ever gonna be one see Eminem: So what you know about a sweet MC, in the 313 None of these skills that you just seen come free So you wanna be a sweet MC, you'll never become me So you ain't ever gonna be one see The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Eminem Album: Infinite Song: Tonight Typed by: i3omb1st@aol.com  [Women singing] Tonight, Tonight, Tonight, Tonight, Tonight [Verse 1] I'm givin mad love, I'm snuggling hugs Druggling thugs, smuggling drugs, juggling jobs, guzzling jugs So here's a toast to federal checks Hetero sex, unaffordable medical debts, huh We travel in packs and ravel in facts and gravel in cracks To find babbling Max, gaffling tracks I grapple an axe for them baffling acts The mysterious stab in the backs who dabble in wax Still in my yard when I sculpted the culprit The tall shit that'l end up with his skull split Then I buried the hatchet, I carry the fat shit Butterfingers is here and it's necessary to scratch it Baby all I wanna do is swallow one or two Smoke a little bit and follow one of you  Back home when the party ends So tonight I'm dropping naughty hints To the finest women in the audience [Chorus: Women singing] Tonight, Tonight, Tonight, Tonight, Tonight (blends in with lyrics) Eminem: Cause we came here to do this tonight We don't wanna fight, we don't want no one feeling uptight Cause we came here to do this tonight Till the morning light hope that everyone's feeling alright Cause we came here to do this tonight We don't wanna fight, we don't want no one feeling uptight Cause we came here to do this tonight Till the morning light hope that everyone's feeling alright [Verse 2] Aiyyo, biters are like tarantulas, vandealous Living as scandalous as a television evangelist But I can handle this, I'm the rhyme biter crime fighter Caped crusader, taking care of undeserving lime lighters I think a living never meant for me Experimentally I found a way to spread interamentally When I stumbled upon this resolution By using a special fusion of chemical solution for this resolution You couldn't see me with binoculars I armed like an octopus Step on stage and you get socked and pushed Talking that junk like you went black, guarded your back Come to battle me and you get smacked as hard as you act When I rap I represent it and will never referee in it Every minute so when I win it you never resent it I'm forever demented, come up with funk, I'll never be scented You got the point when I cleverly sent it [Chorus: Women singing] Tonight, Tonight, Tonight, Tonight, Tonight (blends in with lyrics) Eminem: Cause we came here to do this tonight We don't wanna fight, we don't want no one feeling uptight Cause we came here to do this tonight Till the morning light hope that everyone's feeling alright Cause we came here to do this tonight We don't wanna fight, we don't want no one feeling uptight Cause we came here to do this tonight Till the morning light hope that everyone's feeling alright [Verse 3] Eminem is heading skyward For those who thought that I would make you bored and treat you like a piece  of plywood I've got miracle lyrical capability all in me With the agility to escape a killer bee colony So get your cameras and capture how miraculous  I rap for all you Draculas and showed you all how whack you was I meant it as a dis, cause you don't posses the pizzazz as this I'm hazardous enough already as it is Without you adding fuel to the fire I'm cruel to the liar Who fails to recognize my reign of hell, rule to the sire Clinical studies show that I'm cynical There's no one who's identical to my fresh and authentic flow I'm sure the party people can agree That I'm enchanting, with the romantic Freaking the vocals so frantically So throw your hands up in the atmosphere And let them know the only party that was phat was here, just be like [Chorus: Women singing] Tonight, Tonight, Tonight, Tonight, Tonight (blends in with lyrics) Eminem: Cause we came here to do this tonight We don't wanna fight, we don't want no one feeling uptight Cause we came here to do this tonight Till the morning light hope that everyone's feeling alright Cause we came here to do this tonight We don't wanna fight, we don't want no one feeling uptight Cause we came here to do this tonight Till the morning light hope that everyone's feeling alright The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Eminem f/ Danaun Porter and 3 Album: Infinite Song: Maxine Typed by: i3omb1st@aol.com Maxine!! (Phone Rings) Maxine: Hello Denaun: Can I speak to Maxine? Maxine: Yeah this is me what's up? Denaun: What up? Maxine: Who dis? Denaun: Denaun  Maxine: Yeah what's up? Denaun: What are you doing? Maxine: Nothing, just laying in bed Denaun: Huh? Maxine: Nothing, just laying in bed Denaun: Why? Maxine: I don't know, thinking about something freaky to do Verse 1: Eminem I know this crack fiend Maxine who needs a vaccine She tests positive but tells you that her act's clean Plus she got a sugar daddy Asking every hooker that he takes in to crook her badly If you mistook her sadly, on her reputation You're in jepordation, if you ain't got no preparation When you step away son, she got her face done Looking provocative, she'll let you knock it if You press the issue and get undressed to kiss you If you match the price, otherwise she won't look at you twice But when you catch the lice, or get the urgency To go to the emergency cause it burns to pee Don't bring your germs to me, cause I ain't trying to hear it While your fighting you fucking disease trying to clear it (Maxine!!) Verse 2: Denaun Porter Sometimes I wonder, what's your purpose? In life that is To get with every brother and unveil one of his kids, shit You living trife, got three kids at home and club hopping every night You say it's gonna stop but it.. just.. slows.. down And then speeds back to a regular pace, there is no end to this  Mystery, whatever your reason even is to be You say you wanna be with me, but how can you say that When you got niggas hiding in your closet I refrain from getting angry but you keep on that strangely Verse 3: 3 I met this girl last week, she was a freak, and she liked me So I stepped on it and then asked my homies And chilled on the side and then watched they niggas  Big game over there and take notes, while I get this number I stepped to her first I cleared my throat and said "Hey Bitch.. Haven't I seen you before?", looked at my nigga Turned around and got slapped throughout my hands And said "Oh it's like that?" She said she just broke up with her nigga and shit She started crying, and asked me to forgive her and shit She said her name was Maxine, so I told her I wanted her number She asked could I give her mine two Got to the crib and called her up We got into a good conversation that's when she asked me could I fuck I said "Maxine check this out,  Give me your address I'll be through and you'll find out" Got to the crib she let me in She didn't waste time she grabbed my hand and proceeded to the bedroom I said "Hold up, and stop proceeding, you rushing things" What the fuck are you doing? So I went for my protection, took off my clothes and started flexing As she went for my midsection I threw her down as I tore off her shirt Pulled out my jimmy and I thought about putting in work Before I hit it she said "3 don't get mad but there's something that I gotta tell your ass" I said "What is it, another nigga? It's ok" She said "No I forgot to tell you, that I got AIDS" I got up out Denaun: Hey, Maxine Maxine: What Denaun: You thinking about sucking my dick? Maxine: Yeah for a small price Denaun: For a small price? What you mean? Maxine: You know, money nigga Denaun: You don't need no damn money,  I can't give you no money anyways, I heard you got some shit. Maxine: (laughing) What you, what you hear I got? Denaun: AIDS Maxine: (laughing) Who told you that bullshit? Denaun: My nigga Kyu, he wouldn't lie Maxine: Well if that's the case, Kyu got it then Denaun: Oh for real, it's like that? Maxine: (laughing) Well I ain't got shit,  so he ain't got shit, and if he do, he ain't get that shit from me,  I ain't fucking around with no 3rd nigga Denaun: Fuck that, I ain't fucking with you Maxine: No, see..  Denaun: You got that shit, I ain't gotta fuck with you Maxine: Hold on, why it ain't even like that Denaun: I want ya'll to get paid, fucking.. Maxine: (laughing as the phone hangs up) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Eminem f/ Thyme Album: Infinite Song: Open Mic Typed by: i3omb1st@aol.com Hey yo, what's up man? Hey, yo you been here all day man Ya'll been here every weekend man,  I don't ever get a chance to rap first man! That's cause you whack! What?!? I ain't whack nigga, I got some raps for all ya'll Nigga my raps fresh, I'ma bust my raps first,  you can bust yours after me if you want to No no man, I'm going first,  I'm getting tired of everybody wanted to go first man You always rap first,  I'm rapping I don't care what none of ya'll say,  I'm fresh, I'm fresh Thyme: Ayo, who the fuck passed you the mic and said that you can flow? Point him out man I wanna know Who the fuck passed you the mic and said that you can flow? (scratched in) I wanna know, I wanna know I said who the fuck passed you the mic and said that you can flow? Point him out bitch I wanna know Who the fuck passed you the mic and said that you can flow? (scratched in) I wanna know, I wanna know Verse 1: Eminem I'll have you taken back to Christ when you sacrifice The way you acting slice when I tear your back with knifes Jacking life's of MC's, now I'm set to launch a plan For blowing up the stage with illegal contraband A stomped your man so unless you want what he got You better set the mic down, I'm steaming like a teapot I'll make the tea hot, people get in my face and ask If I wanna battle, then I chase them in a Jason mask It's an amazing task to battle with success I never gave a fuck, now I give a fuck less And in a slug fest I get physical like physicians Invisible like magicians with mystical mic traditions Wicked wizardry, like a sorcerer and no remorse for you When I torture you throughout the course of my orchestra So feel the force of my spiritual images Slicing up an enemy's appendages till he hemorrhages My skin itches every time a rapper recites And when he's through with his verse, I'm all covered in flea bites You wanna see fights I got a match for you You couldn't flip shit playing in toilets with a spatula Chorus: Thyme Ayo, who the fuck passed you the mic and said that you can flow? Point him out man I wanna know Who the fuck passed you the mic and said that you can flow? (scratched in) I wanna know, I wanna know Ayo, who the fuck passed you the mic and said that you can flow? Point him out bitch I wanna know Who the fuck passed you the mic and said that you can flow? (scratched in) I wanna know, I wanna know Verse 2: Eminem You bitches get a hysterectomy disrespecting me You wanna feel the full effect of me, hand a tech to me Intellectually superior, I'll make the whack wearier Inferior, deterior rate, like bacteria Materially, killing serially, clearly you'll see How much in fear when u hear me you'll be Shiver and shake, quiver and quake Bite a rhyme and rip it off then stiffer and ache, whither and break You slithering snake, gibbering fake, fibbering flake I'll twist you into a different shape And toss you in Michigan Lake, for fisherman sake If this is a dream you'd wish you can wake Every dis you can take, personal We ain't friends trying to make amends If you ain't ever stole a gate you can take a fence I make intense masterpieces and smash to pieces Your last releases, you bad diseases, that's the reason I'm showing you the proper way to operate a mic So pass it like a hot potato I've never been less than clever and fresh Severing flesh of fools who never impressed I can confess Chorus: Thyme Who the fuck passed you the mic and said that you can flow? Point him out man I wanna know Who the fuck passed you the mic and said that you can flow? (scratched in) I wanna know, I wanna know Ayo, who the fuck passed you the mic man and said that you can flow? Point him out bitch I wanna know Who the fuck passed you the mic and then said that you can flow? (scratched in) I wanna know, I wanna know Whhhooo the fuck passed you the mic and said that you can flow? Point him out!! I wanna know Who the fuck passed you the mic and said that you can flow? (scratched in) I wanna know, I wanna know Ayo let me get that mic man… Who the fuck passed you the mic and said that you can flow? Who the fuck passed you the mic, who the fuck passed you the mic!! I got the rhymes bitch, I'll kick that shit The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Eminem Album: Infinite Song: Never 2 Far Typed by: i3omb1st@aol.com Hey what up man? What up god? Ya heard? Chillen, cold as hell Yes it is, hey Busta didn't come here did he? No, hey look, you got fifteen cent? Nah, I got just enough to get on the bus, I'm broke We gotta go to the store alright man quick cause I'm short Yeah, we gonna have enough time to go to the store? Nah, look.. You should just, how much you got there? I only got 75, I'm sure I got a dollar know what I mean.. Just throw it in there they ain't gonna know You know what look, I'm sick of taking this damn bus everywhere man You gotta make some moves or something I know look, I'm trying to get rich,  I got a baby on the way, I don't even got a car,  you know what I'm saying? I still stay with my moms, 21 and still with my moms Look hey, we gotta make some hit records or something,  you know what I'm saying? Cause I'm tired of being broke Verse 1: Cause all I do is yearn a life without a concern And dream of having a turn to earn money to burn Mapping out my strategies to get rich huh My desire is like a scratch that needs to get itched huh Cause man I live in the D, this shit ain't given for free Nothing's different to me, so what, it's easy to see I'll be the prisoner to flee, all of this misery I'm not wishing to be another fish in the sea But just an MC, so listen to me, but if you disagree You missing the key, you ain't even in the brisk of the tea Unconditionally my aspects to cash checks My objects were never to swab decks It's up to you the decision is yours If what you vision is tours, or a mission less course When shit is in the stores, cause you can be a star Chorus: No matter wherever you are, you're never too far >From revenue huh, cause you can be king You can rule the world, you can do anything It's on you baby, cause you can be a star No matter wherever you are, you're never too far >From revenue huh, cause you can be king You can rule the world, you can do anything It's on you baby, cause you can be a star No matter wherever you are, you're never too far >From revenue huh You know what I'm saying, see what I'm talking about man?  Cause that's it Yeah  A million dollars ain't even that far away man Yo we got to get the money man, I can't be broke for the rest of my life Yeah I hear what your saying,  look there's got to be something better, you know what I'm saying? I can't live like this for the rest of my life man,  bumming rides everywhere I go Yeah, what's up with Lexus' and Land cruisers'? Verse 2: Yo I'm not about to chance it and dismiss handling business I'm canceling Christmas to gamble and risk this Financial interest is the matter at hand I got an adequate plan for stab at a grand I grab what I can and do what I must Pursue what I lust, it's true that I just choose The few that I trust, thems the people that I still got Fuck with gangsta fill pot, get your grill shot The 5 Elemantz for life my man Thyme Proof, Kyu and Denaun, we move through into time My crews true and divine, we never fronted We just wanted to be funded, and live to be a hundred Instead of hunted or being wanted as fugitives It's all about a man planning what his future is What he can do for his to be a star Chorus: No matter wherever you are, you're never too far >From revenue huh, cause you can be king You can rule the world, you can do anything It's on you baby, cause you can be a star No matter wherever you are, you're never too far >From revenue huh, cause you can be king You can rule the world, you can do anything It's on you baby, cause you can be a star No matter wherever you are, you're never too far From revenue huh That's what I'm talking about, I'm not trying to be the player,  I'm trying to be the man, I'm want to be President Yo forgot that President man I'm trying to be king,  making dead presidents, you know what I'm saying? Yeah Getting money anytime I want owning my own businesses and all that,  you know what I'm saying? Yeah, I'm trying to be a millionare man, hahaha, but don't all you know You only live once  ninety six baby The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Eminem f/ Danaun Porter  Album: Infinite Song: Searchin' Typed by: i3omb1st@aol.com Women Singing: Ain't no one special, special like you (4X) I been searching, but your the one I want in my life baby (4X) Verse 1: Eminem I'm reminiscing on your tenderness and the snuggling and teasing Missing what I remember, kissing and hugging and squeezing Bugging and weezing, I'm having trouble when breathing It's even tougher when sleeping But there's a couple of reasons that I'm suffering and grieving For loving and leaving, you all I'm thinking of in the evening You got my knees buckling and weakening Thoughts of nothing but freaking that I'm struggling to keep in And interrupt when I'm speaking I got some game that I'm preparing to run The way your lips sparkle and glare in the sun You got your hair in a bun, no matter what you're wearing you stun Cause your comparing to none, I wanna share in the fun I feel a passionate lust when I'm imagining just us alone at last with a  touch  I see you grasping to trust, but my intentions are good The seed is passing in dust I'm not asking to rush and answer immediately I just wanna be there for you and you to be there for me If you agree to repeat after me, I Love You (I love you baby) Cause I just need you to see, how much I'm eager to be Your man legally wed, your love's keeping me fed This is easily said, so you can lead or be led If you care to be down cause ain't nobody Like you no where to be found Chorus: Women Singing: I been searching, but your the one I want in my life baby (4X) Verse 2: Denaun Porter Baby it's all on you, it's you I call on boo Let's set a day up so you can fall on through We'll take a spin in a Lexus you can chill for dinner and breakfast Long enough to see how this gentleman sex'es We'll start it out with caviar, Don Parigne And then when it's a fact we are warm, carry on We'll take it slow, see nobody will hurry things I got the herbs the Bacardi and Hurricane If Daiquiris are in debate and not your thing that day It's still all right cause I got Minute Maid and Tangeray Your an incredible one that's rare, in bed with edible underwear You look impeccable, nothing compares I dream of freaking you, the women that will speak it too so It seems that there is not an end to things that we can do so Now we all set to play, only thing left to say is When you step away, baby but don't forget the Neglicie Chorus: Women Singing: I been searching, but your the one I want in my life baby (8X) Ain't no one special, special like you (2X) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Eminem Album: Infinite Song: Backstabber Typed by: i3omb1st@aol.com [Police voice] Attention all units, attention all units We have an All Points Bulletin out on a man with green hair I repeat, we have an APB on a man with green hair He's armed with a knife, I repeat, he's armed with a knife Proceed with caution, watch your back fella's  He could be coming at your girlfriend next [Verse 1] There's a joker on the loose from the psychiatric ward His face is up on the bulletin board with a reward He'll stab you with a sword don't be fooled by his charm He's probably armed with intent to do bodily harm Ring the alarm, look for a man with green hair Check at your girl's house, he was last seen there He's has a mean stare but usually crack's jokes Good luck on your mission and guard your backs folks I make you think you're a best friend then Why I oughta Hit a bitch snake from the back, I make you think you're a best friend then Why I oughta Stay away from him he ain't no good! [Verse 2] We got the walkie-talkies to keep us all informed Suited up head to toe in detective uniforms Our unit storms in, we split the ghetto in sectors Locking down every block and put up metal detectors Protectors and be sure that you stand close Watch each others backs and guard your command post And most of all be advised that he's wise He could be disguised as one of your very own guys [Verse 3] I'm on a solo mission to find him personally To settle the score and beat then him mercifully For what he first did to me It's sure to be the last Following footprints with a magnifying glass To drag his lying ass back to his padded cell I'm mad as hell, on the trail of the tattle tail I heard a yell the voice sounded familiar "Give me your girlfriend or I'm gonna kill ya" [Verse 4] I followed the voice that led down a flight of steps Sneezing at dust, and swinging at the spider-webs Inside the depths of his basement I taste lint in my mouth, then the lights in the place… went! I saw my life flash in front of my eyes I felt a butcher knife slash at one of my thighs None of my guys knew where I'm at I was doomed Then I remembered the flashlight in my costume [Verse 5] Dealing with backstabber's there was one thing I learned They're only powerful when you got your back turned I yearned for the day that we finally met again So I can give him a taste of his own medicine He shed his skin, then he promised to come clean I took his butcher knife and jabbed it into his spleen Cut him at the seam then dragged the fella home Beating him over the head with the telephone [Police voice] Attention all cars, attention all cars Unit 313 has apprehended the suspect He's going back to the crazy home, I repeat He's going back to the crazy home, job well done! [Outro] I make you think you're a best friend then Why I oughta Hit a bitch snake from the back, I make you think you're a best friend then Why I oughta Stay away from him he ain't no good! I make you think you're a best friend then Why I oughta Hit a bitch snake from the back, I make you think you're a best friend then Why I oughta Stay away from him he ain't no good! I make you think you're a best friend then Why I oughta Hit a bitch snake from the back, I make you think you're a best friend then Why I oughta Stay away from him he ain't no good! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Eminem  Album: Infinite Song: Jealousy Woes II Typed by: i3omb1st@aol.com Men singing: Jealous! (8X) Girls voice: (Talking over the singing) Jealous!?! What he mean jealous, know what I'm saying? He just mad cause he got with some ugly hoes, know what I'm saying? Girls don't buy him no clothes, He bought that ho some clothes!! He don't buy me no clothes, Nigga ain't got no money, no vibe, no dick I mean, What do I got to be jealous for? He ain't gonna make it no where, he ain't got no type of time He has no career move, I mean... Verse 1: I come home every single day from working double shifts And stop along the way to pick you up a couple gifts I come inside and you pretend you miss me when you kiss me Then you diss me and we strenuously fight continuously Again you frisk me, for numbers trying to bust me It must be only just because you never learned to trust me Plus we only grovel only irrelevant issues To many tissues, for my feelings you misuse I buy you jewelry, you make a fool of me I bring you diamond rings you say I'm bad at timing things So what's a man to do when all i hand to you is handed back to me You act to be this gangsta bitch, that ain't what first attracted me I used to love your company now you always bugging me  For information and you tell your friends you plan on dumping me So I'ma wait for your evacuation Cause every accusation makes me wanna smack your face in See I've never been so sure, and your just insecure So my solution to your jealousy presents a cure I recommend you take your things and check them in Look at the nervous wreck I'm in, I need my second wind, Say What? Chorus: Men Singing Jealous, Jealousy, Jealousy (8X) Women's Voice: (Talking over singing) Fuck you and what you going through Fuck Eminem, he just mad cause I left that nigga for another man Me and Eminem don't need nothing but my and his money Immature, Me? Nigga ain't got no dick, no swang in his thang Know what I'm saying? He just mad cause I'm getting it all night Jealous of me, know what I'm saying? That's what I'm talking about Mother fucker just trying to get his pussy Verse 2: I used to be a puppet and a sucker for your silent treatments I used to be intoxicated with your sweet sense Until the day I started following your feetprints And tapping in your phone conversations through the heat vents It made complete sense, there's someone else you like  So I confronted you and asked you who was Mike? And you was like, (sampled) **I need a new nigga**  Someone rich that I could follow And you'll be over me by the time you see tomorrow Leaving me in sorrow, Brandy never felt so broken hearted I fell apart when you departed then the joking started I was an open target, you play comedian And I became the laughing stock. but now I'm on my feet again And so we meet again, your acting like an ex-wife All in my sex life, I got a message from Phife He goes, "You didn't want me to see you then, I don't want you now" Take a towel, wipe your brow, quit trying to hunt me down You run me down and now your trying to apologize For all the lies and everytime you made me ball my eyes Because I got a bigger wallet size, you wanna swing it Jealousy is in the house ya'll, Fellas sing it... Chorus: Men Singing Jealous, Jealousy, Jealousy (12X) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Eminem Album: The Slim Shady EP Song: Intro (Slim Shady) Typed by: ÇexyÇy {*Slim Shady is portrayed as a demon with a very low pitched voice*} [Slim Shady] Eminem [Eminem]  No [Slim Shady] Eminem [Eminem]  Nooo [Slim Shady] {*laughs*}  	  Wake the fuck up motherfuck! [Eminem]  What do you want from me?" [Slim Shady] {*laughs*}  	  Remember me? [Eminem]  I killed you! [Slim Shady] Thought I was dead, didn't you? [Eminem]  WHAT DO YOU WANT FROM ME!? [Slim Shady] I'm alive! [Eminem]  Oh God! [Slim Shady] Huh-huh-huh 	  Get up [Eminem]  No [Slim Shady] Get up and look in the mirror! [Eminem]  I DON'T WANT TO! [Slim Shady] Look in the mirror... [Eminem]  LEAVE ME ALONE! [Slim Shady] ...to see your reflection {*laughs*}     Look in the mirror! [Eminem]  LEAVE ME ALONE! [Slim Shady] You're nothing! 	  You're nothing without me! [Eminem]  LEAVE ME ALONE! 	  Look in the motherfucking mirror! [Eminem]  LEAVE ME ALONE! [Slim Shady] {*laughs*} [Eminem]  NOOOOO!  {*glass shatering*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Eminem Album: Slim Shady EP Song: Low, Down, Dirty Typed by: pmusil@ix.netcom.com Warning, this shit's gon be rated R, restricted You see this bullet hole in my neck? It's self inflicted Doctor slapped my momma, "Bitch you got a sick kid" Arrested, molested myself and got convicted Wearing visors, sunglasses and disguises Cause my split personality is having an identity crisis I'm Dr. Hyde and Mr. Jekyll, disrespectful Hearing voices in my head while these whispers echo "Murder Murder Redrum" Brain size of a bread crumb Which drug will I end up dead from Inebriated, till my stress is eleviated "How in the fuck can Eminem and shady be related?" Illiterate, illigitimate shit spitter Bitch getter, hid in the bush like Margot Kidder Jumped out (Ahhhh!) killed the bitch and did her Use to let the babysitter suck my dick when I was little'er Smoke a blunt while I'm titty fuckin Bette Midler Sniper, waiting on your roof like the Fiddler Y'all thought I was gonna rhyme with Riddler Didn't Ya? Bring your bitch I wanna see if this dick gon' fit in her Chorus: Eminem + (Redman Sample) - 2X [E] I'm low down and I'm shiftee! "And if you hear a man that sounds like me smack him  and ask him where the fuck did he get his damn raps from.." I lace tunes, I'm out this world like Space Moons With a bunch crazed loons dismissin brains like braze wounds Nothing but idiots and misfits, dipshits Doing whippits, passed out like Sanford snippits Where's the weed, I wanna tamper with it I'ma let your grandpa hit it Mix it up with cocaine so her can't forget it Fuck it, maybe I'm a bum But I was put on this earth to make your baby mama cum So what I'm on is way beyond the bomb or any alcoholic beverage Losing all of my leverage Went up inside the First National Bank broke, and left rich Walking bio-hazard causing wreckage Smoked out like Eckridge Band just making my neck itch What the fuck? Gimme the tech bitch You just lost your tip, there's a pubic hair in my breakfast Got shit popping off like bottle cap tips Get your cap peeled like the dead skin of your mama's chapped lips Slap hips, support domestic violence Beat your bitches ass while your kids stare in silence I'm just joking, is Dirty Dozen's really dust smoking? If all your shit's missing, than probably one of us broke in Chorus My head's ringing, like it was Spider Sense tingling Lit it like Green Bay did when they shitted on New England I'm out the game, put the second string in This Brandy got my swinging Bobbing back and forth like a penguin Delinquent, toking microphones with Broken English Make your mama be like "Ohh! This is good! Who sing this?" "Slim Shady, his tape is dope, I love it It's rugged, but he needs to quit talking all that drug shit." It was predicted by a medic I'd grow to be an addicted diabetic Living off liquid Triametic Pathetic, but I don't think this headache's ever vanishing Panicing, I think I might have just took too much Anasin Frozen Manaquin, posted stiffer than a statue I think I'm dying, God is that you? Somebody help me, before I OD on an LP Take me to ER ASAP for and IV Motherfuck JLB, they don't support no hip hop They say that's where it ends, the closest they gon come is Tupac It's politics, it's all a fix Setup by these white blue collared hicks Just to make a dollar off of black music With a subliminal ball of tricks But those can kiss ass and swallow dicks Chorus The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Eminem Album: The Slim Shady LP * Song: If I Had... Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash * this same song was also on the EP on "Web Entertainment" Life.. by Marshall Mathers What is life? Life is like a big obstacle put in front of your optical to slow you down And everytime you think you gotten past it it's gonna come back around and tackle you to the damn ground What are friends? Friends are people that you think are your friends But they really your enemies, with secret indentities and disguises, to hide they true colors So just when you think you close enough to be brothers they wanna come back and cut your throat when you ain't lookin What is money? Money is what makes a man act funny Money is the root of all evil Money'll make them same friends come back around swearing that they was always down What is life? I'm tired of life I'm tired of backstabbing ass snakes with friendly grins I'm tired of committing so many sins Tired of always giving in when this bottle of Henny wins Tired of never having any ends Tired of having skinny friends hooked on crack and mini-thins I'm tired of this DJ playing YOUR shit when he spins Tired of not having a deal Tired of having to deal with the bullshit without grabbing the steel Tired of drowning in my sorrow Tired of having to borrow a dollar for gas to start my Monte Carlo I'm tired of motherfuckers spraying shit and dartin off I'm tired of jobs startin off at five fifty an hour then this boss wanders why I'm smartin off I'm tired of being fired everytime I fart and cough Tired of having to work as a gas station clerk for this jerk breathing down my neck driving me bezerk I'm tired of using plastic silverware Tired of working in Building Square Tired of not being a millionaire But if I had a million dollars I'd buy a damn brewery, and turn the planet into alcoholics If I had a magic wand, I'd make the world suck my dick without a condom on, while I'm on the john If I had a million bucks it wouldn't be enough, because I'd still be out robbing armored trucks If I had one wish I would ask for a big enough ass for the whole world to kiss I'm tired of being white trash, broke and always poor Tired of taking pop bottles back to the party store I'm tired of not having a phone Tired of not having a home to have one in if I did have it on Tired of not driving a BM Tired of not working at GM, tired of wanting to be him Tired of not sleeping without a Tylenol PM Tired of not performing in a packed coliseum Tired of not being on tour Tired of fucking the same blonde whore after work in the back of a Contour I'm tired of faking knots with a stack of ones Having a lack of funds and resorting back to guns Tired of being stared at I'm tired of wearing the same damn Nike Air hat Tired of stepping in clubs wearing the same pair of Lugz Tired of people saying they're tired of hearing me rap about drugs Tired of other rappers who ain't bringin half the skill as me saying they wasn't feeling me on "Nobody's As Ill As Me" I'm tired of radio stations telling fibs Tired of J-L-B saying "Where Hip-Hop Lives" But if I had a million dollars I'd buy a damn brewery, and turn the planet into alcoholics If I had a magic wand, I'd make the world suck my dick without a condom on, while I'm on the john If I had a million bucks it wouldn't be enough, because I'd still be out robbing armored trucks If I had one wish I would ask for a big enough ass for the whole world to kiss You know what I'm saying? I'm tired of all of this bullshit Telling me to be positive How'm I 'sposed to be positive when I don't see shit positive? Know what I'm sayin? I rap about shit around me, shit I see Know what I'm sayin? Right now I'm tired of everything Tired of all this player hating that's going on in my own city Can't get no airplay, you know what I'm sayin? But ey, it's cool though, you know what I'm sayin? Just fed up That's my word The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Eminem f/ Frogg Album: The Slim Shady LP * Song: Just Don't Give A Fuck Typed by: justkidding2@hotmail.com, OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash * this same song was also on the EP on "Web Entertainment" * the LP version censors "raped the women's swim team" in verse three Intro: Frogg Whoah! A get your hands in the air, and get to clappin 'em and like, back and forth because ah this is.. what you thought it wasn't It beez.. the brothers representin' the Dirty Dozen I be the F-R-O the double G *coughing in background* And check out the man he goes by the name of er... Verse One: Eminem Slim Shady, brain dead like Jim Brady I'm a M80, you Lil' like that Kim lady I'm buzzin, Dirty Dozen, naughty rotten rhymer Cursin at you players worse than Marty Schottenheimer You wacker than the motherfucker you bit your style from You ain't gonna sell two copies if you press a double album Admit it, fuck it, while we comin out in the open I'm doin acid, crack, smack, coke and smokin dope then My name is Marshall Mathers, I'm an alcoholic (Hi Marshall) I have a disease and they don't know what to call it Better hide your wallet cause I'm comin up quick to strip your cash Bought a ticket to your concert just to come and whip your ass Bitch, I'm comin out swingin, so fast it'll make your eyes spin You gettin knocked the fuck out like Mike Tyson  The +Proof+ is in the puddin, just ask the Deshaun Holton I'll slit your motherfuckin throat worse than Ron Goldman Chorus: So when you see me on your block with two glocks  Screamin _Fuck the World_ like Tupac I just don't give a fuuuuuck!! Talkin that shit behind my back, dirty mackin tellin your boys that I'm on crack I just don't give a fuuuuuck!! So put my tape back on the rack Go run and tell your friends my shit is wack I just don't give a fuuuuuck!! But see me on the street and duck Cause you gon' get stuck, stoned, and snuffed Cause I just don't give a fuuuuuck!! Verse Two: Eminem I'm Nicer than Pete, but I'm on a Serch to crush a Miilkbone I'm Everlast-ing, I melt Vanilla Ice like silicone I'm ill enough to just straight up diss you for no reason I'm colder than snow season when it's twenty below freezin Flavor with no seasonin, this is the sneak preview I'll diss your magazine and still won't get a weak review I'll make your freak leave you, smell the Folgers crystals This is a lyrical combat, gentlemen hold your pistols But I form like Voltron and blast you with my shoulder missiles Slim Shady, Eminem was the old initials (Bye-bye!) Extortion, snortin, supportin abortion Pathological liar, blowin shit out of proportion The looniest, zaniest, spontaneous, sporadic Impulsive thinker, compulsive drinker, addict Half animal, half man Dumpin your dead body inside of a fuckin trash can With more holes than an Afghan Chorus Verse Three: Eminem Somebody let me out this limousine (hey, let me out!) I'm a caged demon, on stage screamin like Rage Against the Machine I'm convinced I'm a fiend, shootin up while this record is spinnin Clinically brain dead, I don't need a second opinion Fuck droppin the jewel, I'm flippin the sacred treasure I'll bite your motherfuckin style, just to make it fresher I can't take the pressure, I'm sick of bitches Sick of naggin bosses bitchin while I'm washin dishes In school I never said much, too busy havin a headrush Doin too much rush had my face flushed like red blush Then I went to Jim Beam, that's when my face grayed Went to gym in eighth grade, raped the women's swim team Don't take me for a joke I'm no comedian Too many mental problems got me snortin coke and smokin weed again I'm goin up over the curb, drivin on the median Finally made it home, but I don't got the key to get in Chorus Outro: Eminem Hey, fuck that! Outsidaz.. Pace One.. Young Zee.. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Eminem Album: The Slim Shady EP Song: Mommy Typed by: ÇexyÇy ** This track and the following track on the EP were remade into one track **  ** for the Slim Shady LP entitled '97 Bonnie & Clyde ** {* Grasshoppers chirping *} {* Sound of something heavy being dragged through a forest *} {* Dragging continues until a road is reached with cars passing *} {* Car door opens *} {* Heavy item is thrown inside *} {* Car door slams shut *} {* Track segues into following track - Just the Two of Us *} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Eminem Album: Slim Shady EP Song: Just the Two of Us Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Just the two of us.. (8X) [Eminem] Baby your da-da loves you (hey) And I'ma always be here for you (hey) no matter what happens You're all I got in this world I would never give you up for nothin Nobody in this world is ever gonna keep you from me I love you C'mon Hai-Hai, we goin to the beach Grab a couple of toys and let da-da strap you in the car seat Oh where's mama? She's takin a little nap in the trunk Oh that smell (whew!) da-da musta runned over a skunk Now I know what you're thinkin - it's kind of late to go swimmin But you know your mama, she's one of those type of women that do crazy things, and if she don't get her way, she'll throw a fit Don't play with da-da's toy knife, honey, let go of it (no!) And don't look so upset, why you actin bashful? Don't you wanna help da-da build a sand castle? (yeah!) And mama said she wants to show how far she can float And don't worry about that little boo-boo on her throat It's just a little scratch - it don't hurt, her was eatin dinner while you were sweepin and spilled ketchup on her shirt Mama's messy isn't she? We'll let her wash off in the water and me and you can pway by ourselves, can't we? Just the two of us.. (2X) 	And when we ride! Just the two of us.. (2X) 	Just you and I! Just the two of us.. (2X) 	And when we ride! Just the two of us.. (2X) 	Just you and I! See honey.. there's a place called heaven and a place called hell A place called prison and a place called jail And da-da's probably on his way to all of em except one Cause mama's got a new husband and a stepson And you don't want a brother do ya? (Nah) Maybe when you're old enough to understand a little better I'll explain it to ya But for now we'll just say mama was real real bad She was bein mean to dad and made him real real mad But I still feel sad that I put her on time-out Sit back in your chair honey, quit tryin to climb out (WAHH!) I told you it's okay HaiHai, wanna ba-ba?  Take a night-night? Nan-a-boo, goo-goo ga-ga? Her make goo-goo ca-ca? Da-da change your dia-dee Clean the baby up so her can take a nighty-nighty Your dad'll wake her up as soon as we get to the water Ninety-seven Bonnie and Clyde, me and my daughter Just the two of us.. (2X) 	And when we ride! Just the two of us.. (2X) 	Just you and I! Just the two of us.. (2X) 	And when we ride! Just the two of us.. (2X) 	Just you and I! Wake up sweepy head we're here, before we pway we're gonna take mama for a wittle walk along the pier Baby, don't cry honey, don't get the wrong idea Mama's too sweepy to hear you screamin in her ear (ma-maa!) That's why you can't get her to wake, but don't worry Da-da made a nice bed for mommy at the bottom of the lake Here, you wanna help da-da tie a rope around this rock? (yeah!) We'll tie it to her footsie then we'll roll her off the dock Ready now, here we go, on the count of free.. One.. two.. free.. WHEEEEEE! (whoooooshhhhh) There goes mama, spwashin in the wa-ta No more fightin wit dad, no more restraining order No more step-da-da, no more new brother Blow her kisses bye-bye, tell mama you love her (mommy!) Now we'll go play in the sand, build a castle and junk But first, just help dad with two more things out the trunk Just the two of us.. (2X) 	And when we ride! Just the two of us.. (2X) 	Just you and I! Just the two of us.. (2X) 	And when we ride! Just the two of us.. (2X) 	Just you and I! Just the two of us.. (4X) [Eminem] Just me and you baby is all we need in this world Just me and you Your da-da will always be there for you Your da-da's always gonna love you Remember that If you ever need me I will always be here for you If you ever need anything, just ASK Da-da will be right there Your da-da loves you I love you baby The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Eminem f/ Swift, Bizarre & Fuzz Album: Slim Shady EP Song: No One's Iller Than Me Typed by: deephunk@aol.com [Bizarre] Yeah...ha ha ha (BANG!), Yeah, Bizarre Kid comin' at you Eminem and Fuzz, and Mr. Swifty, ha ha No one's iller than me (wha?) No one, no one is iller than me No one is iller than me It's Mr. Swifty from the 313... [Swift] I make rappers wanna turn into singers I keep hoes lickin' they fingers Bring this competition and face this meanin'  Got your whole crew doing subpeonas Hell nah you ain't seen a crew genius Murder whoever's between us, pack your heaters Keep it close, you can't beat us While your whole crew treat us like G's, you best believe this I done made quadrapalegics outta these non-rappin rejects While the whole world ejects your tape, it ain't no secret That your shit sounds fake, you can't stop it my mind state Makes it too late for cops in tryin' to stop the crime rate I'm like Two-Face, I'm painful to rappers then you can tell From these shells, how I gotta bend 'em like route canals I erase all trails, somethin' farther from gettin' bail Makes you wanna kill an emcee yourself, you might as well Be within a 25 to life sentence, on linkin' trials Horrified, and keep on frontin', repentin' and lose they bowels Everything is foul when Swift's around, vacate now Niggas dumb enough to try to front and escape, how? I'm gonna take this 'gnac and drink it straight wild Niggas steady fallin' in my face like milk crates, BLAAAOW! It's Swifty from the 313 Like I said no one is iller than me, unnhh! [Bizarre] Me and Eminem and Mike Drivin' down Van Dyke Get my dick sucked late at night by a fuckin' transvestite Still on probation for stranglin' my boy Jason Should be takin' my medication, it's 9 to 10 I'm facin' Last week this old man I had to blast Cuz he tried to help me out when my car was out of gas Ripped this old lady, hung her neck by a hook Didn't realize it was my grandmother 'til I checked her pocketbook Fuckin' with the white boys got me back on crack Better explain where the hell your TVs and VCRs is at I done lost 100 pounds, I ain't been eatin' like I should This wounded dog in the street is sure lookin' good! Rob this little boy in his fuckin' paper route  Throwin' bottles at day care centers and yell "EVERYBODY GET OUT"! My girl beat my ass and shot me in the back with a 2-piece Cuz she found out I was havin' an affair with her 10-year old niece No one, no one's iller than me It's Bizarre Kid straight from the 313 No one, no one is iller than me It's Bizarre Kid straight from the 313 [Eminem] Nobody better test me, cuz I don't wanna get messy Especially when I step inside this bitch, dick freshly New Lugz, give the crew hugs, guzzle two mugs Before I do drugs that make me throw up like flu bugs True thugs, rugged unshaven messy scrubs Whippin' 40-bottles like the fuckin' Pepsi clubs Down a fifth, crack open a six I'm on my seventh 8-ball, now I gotta take a piss I'm hollerin' at these hoes that got boyfriends Who gives a fuck who they was I'm always takin' someone else's girl like Cool J does They probably don't be packin' anyways, do they Fuzz? We walked up, stomped they asses and blew they buzz Mics get sandblasted Stab your abdomen with a hand crafted pocketknife and spill your antacid Sprayed your motherfuckin' crib up when I ran past it Fuckin' felon, headed to hell in a handbasket Talkin' shit will get you, your girl and your man blasted Kidnapped and slapped in a van wrapped in Saran plastic Get your damn ass kicked, by these fantastic Furious four motherfuckers Flashin' in front of your face without the Grand Masters Slim Shady, ain't nobody iller than me [Fuzz] I run shit like an ass with legs Massive lead to leave your cabbage red Similar to your ass in a casket dead Drastic spread of acid heads Come to abort you like a bastard egg That trash you said got you standin' on plastic legs Ask the feds from past the edge Rockin' the most classic threads Flashin' bread, roll down the window Bitch you got some fantastic legs, you can get 'til that ass get red You can get 'til that ass get red Bizarre you get him and him, Swift you get him and him I'll get him and him, leave the other two for my nigga Eminem Never writer's block, I block writers My block's tighter, ante up and get your top fighters Got fired for jumpin' the counter with a mop stick Some bitch ran up screamin' GET THE COPS QUICK! And got drop kicked, now she screamin' "Stop it..." Got clips to stop shit, rock shit and grab this hot shit Wherever you shop bitch, Fuzz Scooter '97 crop pick Sick a-ya'll niggaz lookin' at me like I got tits I shoot a rocket through your optic You niggaz still don't know the top pick? I got bricks, lose my foot in your ass And have you shittin' socks bitch! We rock shit, leave your fuckin' knot split Grab the green from Al by showin' him hot grits (No one...) Ain't nobody iller than me [Bizzare] It's the Mr. Fuzzy from the 313 No one, no one is iller than me It's Eminem and Swift from the 313 No one, no one is iller than me It's Fuzz and Buzz-arre from the 313 You have now witnessed 4 ill emcees! From the home of potholes and trash We'll lyrically blast... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Eminem  Album: Slim Shady EP Song: Murder, Murder Typed by: DeePhunk@aol.com [Chorus: repeat 2X] "All I see is murder murder, my mind state" -> 2Pac "Makes it too late for cops in tryin' to stop the crime rate" -> Swift "All I see is murder murder, my mind state" -> 2Pac Murder murder murder, and kill kill kill! [Eminem] Left the keys in the van, with a gat in each hand Went up in Eastland and shot a policeman Fuck a peace plan, if a citizen bystands the shit is in my hands, here's yo' life span And for what yo' life's worth; this money is twice than You grab a couple grand and lay up in Iceland See I'm a nice man but money turned me to Satan I'm thirsty for this green so bad I'm dehydratin Hurry up with the cash bitch, I got a ride waitin Shot a man twice in the back when he tried escapin I want the whole pie, I won't be denied nathan Maybe I need my head inside straightened Brain contemplatin, clean out the register Dip before somebody catches ya or gets ya description and sketches ya Then connects you as the prime suspect But I ain't set to flee the scene of the crime just yet Cause I got a daughter to feed And $200 ain't enough to water the seed, the best thing would be for me to leave Taco Bell and hit up Chess King And have the lady at the desk bring money from the safe in the back, stepped in wavin the Mac Cooperate and we can operate and save an attack This bitch tried escapin the jack Grabbed her by the throat, it's murder she wrote You barely heard a word as she choked It wasn't nuttin for her to be smoked Then I slammed her on her back 'til her vertebrae broke Just then the pigs bust in yellin "Freeze!" But I'm already wanted for sellin ki's And bunch of other felonies from A to Z like spellin bees So before I dropped to the ground and fell on knees I bust shots, they bust back Hit the square in the chest, he wasn't wearin a vest [Eminem] Left the house, pullin out the drive backin out We were backin out this lady's Jag started blackin out Pulled the Mac-10 out, stuck it in her face Shut ya yakkin mouth, 'fore I blow the brain from out the back ya scalp Drug her by her hair, smacked her up Thinkin fuck it, mug her while you're there, jacked her up Stole her car, made a profit Grabbed the tape from out the deck and offed it out the window like the girl on "Set it Off" did Jetted off kid, stole the whip, now I'm a criminal Drove it through somebody's yard, dove into they swimmin pool Climbed out and collapsed on the patio I made it out alive but I'm injured badly though Parents screamin: "Son, go in and call the police Tell 'em there's a crazy man disturbing all of the peace!" Tried to stall him at least long enough to let me leap up Run in they crib and at least leave with some little cheap stuff Actin like they never seen nobody hit a lick before Smashed the window, grabbed the Nintendo 64 When they sell out in stores the price triples I ran up the block jumpin kids on tricycles And collided with an 80-year old lady with groceries There goes the cheese, eggs, milk and Post Toasties Stood up and started to see stars Too many siren sounds, it seemed like a thousand police cars Barely escaped, musta been some dumb luck Jumped up and climbed the back of a movin dump truck But I think somebody seen me maybe Plus I lost the damn Nintendo and I must-a dropped the Beanie Baby Fuck it I give up, I'm surrounded in blue suits Came out with a white flag hollerin "TRUCE TRUCE!" (Don't shoot!) Surrendered my weapon to cops Wasn't me! It was the gangsta rap and the peppermint Schnapps [CHORUS scratches to fade out] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Eminem Album: The Slim Shady LP * Song: If I Had... Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash * this same song was also on the EP on "Web Entertainment" Life.. by Marshall Mathers What is life? Life is like a big obstacle put in front of your optical to slow you down And everytime you think you gotten past it it's gonna come back around and tackle you to the damn ground What are friends? Friends are people that you think are your friends But they really your enemies, with secret indentities and disguises, to hide they true colors So just when you think you close enough to be brothers they wanna come back and cut your throat when you ain't lookin What is money? Money is what makes a man act funny Money is the root of all evil Money'll make them same friends come back around swearing that they was always down What is life? I'm tired of life I'm tired of backstabbing ass snakes with friendly grins I'm tired of committing so many sins Tired of always giving in when this bottle of Henny wins Tired of never having any ends Tired of having skinny friends hooked on crack and mini-thins I'm tired of this DJ playing YOUR shit when he spins Tired of not having a deal Tired of having to deal with the bullshit without grabbing the steel Tired of drowning in my sorrow Tired of having to borrow a dollar for gas to start my Monte Carlo I'm tired of motherfuckers spraying shit and dartin off I'm tired of jobs startin off at five fifty an hour then this boss wanders why I'm smartin off I'm tired of being fired everytime I fart and cough Tired of having to work as a gas station clerk for this jerk breathing down my neck driving me bezerk I'm tired of using plastic silverware Tired of working in Building Square Tired of not being a millionaire But if I had a million dollars I'd buy a damn brewery, and turn the planet into alcoholics If I had a magic wand, I'd make the world suck my dick without a condom on, while I'm on the john If I had a million bucks it wouldn't be enough, because I'd still be out robbing armored trucks If I had one wish I would ask for a big enough ass for the whole world to kiss I'm tired of being white trash, broke and always poor Tired of taking pop bottles back to the party store I'm tired of not having a phone Tired of not having a home to have one in if I did have it on Tired of not driving a BM Tired of not working at GM, tired of wanting to be him Tired of not sleeping without a Tylenol PM Tired of not performing in a packed coliseum Tired of not being on tour Tired of fucking the same blonde whore after work in the back of a Contour I'm tired of faking knots with a stack of ones Having a lack of funds and resorting back to guns Tired of being stared at I'm tired of wearing the same damn Nike Air hat Tired of stepping in clubs wearing the same pair of Lugz Tired of people saying they're tired of hearing me rap about drugs Tired of other rappers who ain't bringin half the skill as me saying they wasn't feeling me on "Nobody's As Ill As Me" I'm tired of radio stations telling fibs Tired of J-L-B saying "Where Hip-Hop Lives" But if I had a million dollars I'd buy a damn brewery, and turn the planet into alcoholics If I had a magic wand, I'd make the world suck my dick without a condom on, while I'm on the john If I had a million bucks it wouldn't be enough, because I'd still be out robbing armored trucks If I had one wish I would ask for a big enough ass for the whole world to kiss You know what I'm saying? I'm tired of all of this bullshit Telling me to be positive How'm I 'sposed to be positive when I don't see shit positive? Know what I'm sayin? I rap about shit around me, shit I see Know what I'm sayin? Right now I'm tired of everything Tired of all this player hating that's going on in my own city Can't get no airplay, you know what I'm sayin? But ey, it's cool though, you know what I'm sayin? Just fed up That's my word The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Eminem Album: Slim Shady EP Song: Just the Two of Us Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Just the two of us.. (8X) [Eminem] Baby your da-da loves you (hey) And I'ma always be here for you (hey) no matter what happens You're all I got in this world I would never give you up for nothin Nobody in this world is ever gonna keep you from me I love you C'mon Hai-Hai, we goin to the beach Grab a couple of toys and let da-da strap you in the car seat Oh where's mama? She's takin a little nap in the trunk Oh that smell (whew!) da-da musta runned over a skunk Now I know what you're thinkin - it's kind of late to go swimmin But you know your mama, she's one of those type of women that do crazy things, and if she don't get her way, she'll throw a fit Don't play with da-da's toy knife, honey, let go of it (no!) And don't look so upset, why you actin bashful? Don't you wanna help da-da build a sand castle? (yeah!) And mama said she wants to show how far she can float And don't worry about that little boo-boo on her throat It's just a little scratch - it don't hurt, her was eatin dinner while you were sweepin and spilled ketchup on her shirt Mama's messy isn't she? We'll let her wash off in the water and me and you can pway by ourselves, can't we? Just the two of us.. (2X) 	And when we ride! Just the two of us.. (2X) 	Just you and I! Just the two of us.. (2X) 	And when we ride! Just the two of us.. (2X) 	Just you and I! See honey.. there's a place called heaven and a place called hell A place called prison and a place called jail And da-da's probably on his way to all of em except one Cause mama's got a new husband and a stepson And you don't want a brother do ya? (Nah) Maybe when you're old enough to understand a little better I'll explain it to ya But for now we'll just say mama was real real bad She was bein mean to dad and made him real real mad But I still feel sad that I put her on time-out Sit back in your chair honey, quit tryin to climb out (WAHH!) I told you it's okay HaiHai, wanna ba-ba?  Take a night-night? Nan-a-boo, goo-goo ga-ga? Her make goo-goo ca-ca? Da-da change your dia-dee Clean the baby up so her can take a nighty-nighty Your dad'll wake her up as soon as we get to the water Ninety-seven Bonnie and Clyde, me and my daughter Just the two of us.. (2X) 	And when we ride! Just the two of us.. (2X) 	Just you and I! Just the two of us.. (2X) 	And when we ride! Just the two of us.. (2X) 	Just you and I! Wake up sweepy head we're here, before we pway we're gonna take mama for a wittle walk along the pier Baby, don't cry honey, don't get the wrong idea Mama's too sweepy to hear you screamin in her ear (ma-maa!) That's why you can't get her to wake, but don't worry Da-da made a nice bed for mommy at the bottom of the lake Here, you wanna help da-da tie a rope around this rock? (yeah!) We'll tie it to her footsie then we'll roll her off the dock Ready now, here we go, on the count of free.. One.. two.. free.. WHEEEEEE! (whoooooshhhhh) There goes mama, spwashin in the wa-ta No more fightin wit dad, no more restraining order No more step-da-da, no more new brother Blow her kisses bye-bye, tell mama you love her (mommy!) Now we'll go play in the sand, build a castle and junk But first, just help dad with two more things out the trunk Just the two of us.. (2X) 	And when we ride! Just the two of us.. (2X) 	Just you and I! Just the two of us.. (2X) 	And when we ride! Just the two of us.. (2X) 	Just you and I! Just the two of us.. (4X) [Eminem] Just me and you baby is all we need in this world Just me and you Your da-da will always be there for you Your da-da's always gonna love you Remember that If you ever need me I will always be here for you If you ever need anything, just ASK Da-da will be right there Your da-da loves you I love you baby Artist: Eminem Album: The Slim Shady LP Song: Public Service Announcement Typed by: ÇexyÇy [Announcer] This is a public service announcement brought to you in part by Slim Shady The views and events expressed here are totally fucked and are not necessarily the views of anyone However, the events and suggestions that appear on this album are NOT to be taken lightly Children should NOT partake in the listening in this album with laces in their shoes Slim Shady is not responsible for your actions Upon purchasing this album, you have agreed NOT to try this at home [Announcer - To Eminem] Em, Anything else? [Eminem] Yeah, don't do drugs The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Eminem Album: Slim Shady LP Song: My Name Is Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash * * this is the UNEDITED album version; MTV's video is different Chorus: repeat 2X Hi! My name is.. (what?) My name is.. (who?) My name is.. {scratches} Slim Shady Hi! My name is.. (huh?) My name is.. (what?) My name is.. {scratches} Slim Shady Ahem.. excuse me! Can I have the attention of the class  for one second? [Eminem] Hi kids! Do you like violence? (Yeah yeah yeah!) Wanna see me stick Nine Inch Nails through each one of my eyelids? (Uh-huh!) Wanna copy me and do exactly like I did? (Yeah yeah!) Try 'cid and get fucked up worse that my life is? (Huh?) My brain's dead weight, I'm tryin to get my head straight but I can't figure out which Spice Girl I want to impregnate (Ummmm..) And Dr. Dre said, "Slim Shady you a basehead!" Uh-uhhh! "So why's your face red? Man you wasted!" Well since age twelve, I've felt like I'm someone else Cause I hung my original self from the top bunk with a belt Got pissed off and ripped Pamela Lee's tits off And smacked her so hard I knocked her clothes backwards like Kris Kross I smoke a fat pound of grass and fall on my ass faster than a fat bitch who sat down too fast C'mere slut! (Shady, wait a minute, that's my girl dog!) I don't give a fuck, God sent me to piss the world off! Chorus [Eminem] My English teacher wanted to flunk me in junior high Thanks a lot, next semester I'll be thirty-five I smacked him in his face with an eraser, chased him with a stapler and stapled his nuts to a stack of papers (Owwwwwwww!) Walked in the strip club, had my jacket zipped up Flashed the bartender, then stuck my dick in the tip cup Extraterrestrial, runnin over pedestrians in a spaceship while they screamin at me: "LET'S JUST BE FRIENDS!" Ninety-nine percent of my life I was lied to I just found out my mom does more dope than I do (Damn!) I told her I'd grow up to be a famous rapper Make a record about doin drugs and name it after her (Oh thank you!) You know you blew up when the women rush your stands and try to touch your hands like some screamin Usher fans (Aaahhhhhh!) This guy at White Castle asked for my autograph (Dude, can I get your autograph?) So I signed it: 'Dear Dave, thanks for the support, ASSHOLE!' Chorus [Eminem] Stop the tape! This kid needs to be locked away! (Get him!) Dr. Dre, don't just stand there, OPERATE! I'm not ready to leave, it's too scary to die (Fuck that!) I'll have to be carried inside the cemetery and buried alive (Huh yup!) Am I comin or goin? I can barely decide I just drank a fifth of vodka -- dare me to drive? (Go ahead) All my life I was very deprived I ain't had a woman in years, and my palms are too hairy to hide (Whoops!) Clothes ripped like the Incredible Hulk (hachhh-too) I spit when I talk, I'll fuck anything that walks (C'mere) When I was little I used to get so hungry I would throw fits HOW YOU GONNA BREAST FEED ME MOM? (WAH!) YOU AIN'T GOT NO TITS! (WAHHH!) I lay awake and strap myself in the bed  Put a bulleproof vest on and shoot myself in the head (BANG!) I'm steamin mad (Arrrggghhh!)  And by the way when you see my dad? (Yeah?) Tell him that I slit his throat, in this dream I had Chorus The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Eminem f/ Dr. Dre Album: Slim Shady LP Song: Guilty Conscience Typed by: DeePhunk@aol.com, OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash (please send corrections to DeePhunk@aol.com) 	{sound of static} [announcer] Meet Eddie, twenty-three years old. Fed up with life and the way things are going, he decides to rob a liquor store. ("I can't take this no more, I can't take it no more homes") But on his way in, he has a sudden change of heart. And suddenly, his conscience comes into play... ("Shit is mine, I gotta do this.. gotta do this") [Dr. Dre] Alright, stop! (Huh?) Now before you walk in the door of this liquor store and try to get money out the drawer You better think of the consequence (But who are you?) I'm your motherfuckin conscience [Eminem] That's nonsense! Go in and gaffle the money and run to one of your aunt's cribs And borrow a damn dress, and one of her blonde wigs Tell her you need a place to stay  You'll be safe for days if you shave your legs with an aged razor blade [Dr. Dre] Yeah but if it all goes through like it's supposed to The whole neighborhood knows you and they'll expose you Think about it before you walk in the door first Look at the store clerk, she's older than George Burns [Eminem] Fuck that! Do that shit! Shoot that bitch! Can you afford to blow this shit? Are you that rich? Why you give a fuck if she dies? Are you that bitch? Do you really think she gives a fuck if you have kids? [Dr. Dre] Man, don't do it, it's not worth it to risk it! (You're right!) Not over this shit (Stop!) Drop the biscuit (I will!) Don't even listen to Slim yo, he's bad for you (You know what Dre? I don't like your attitude..) 	{sound of static}  ("It's alright c'mon, just come in here for a minute") 	("Mmm, I don't know!") ("Look baby..") 	("Damn!") ("Yo, it's gonna be alright, right?") 	("Well OK..") [announcer] Meet Stan, twenty-one years old. ("Give me a kiss!") After meeting a young girl at a rave party, things start getting hot and heavy in an upstairs bedroom. Once again, his conscience comes into play... ("Shit!") [Eminem] Now listen to me, while you're kissin her cheek and smearin her lipstick, I slipped this in her drink Now all you gotta do is nibble on this little bitch's earlobe.. (Yo! This girl's only fifteen years old You shouldn't take advantage of her, that's not fair) Yo, look at her bush.. does it got hair? (Uh huh!) Fuck this bitch right here on the spot bare Til she passes out and she forgot how she got there (Man, ain't you ever seen that one movie _Kids_?) No, but I seen the porno with SunDoobiest! (Shit, you wanna get hauled off to jail?) Man fuck that, hit that shit raw dawg and bail.. 	{sound of static}  	{pickup idling, radio playing} [announcer] Meet Grady, a twenty-nine year old construction worker. After coming home from a hard day's work, he walks in the door of his trailer park home to find his wife in bed with another man. ("WHAT THE FUCK?!?!") 	("Grady!!") [Dr. Dre] Alright calm down, relax, start breathin.. [Eminem] Fuck that shit, you just caught this bitch cheatin While you at work she's with some dude tryin to get off?! FUCK slittin her throat, CUT THIS BITCH'S HEAD OFF!!! [Dr. Dre] Wait! What if there's an explanation for this shit? (What? She tripped? Fell? Landed on his dick?!) Alright Shady, maybe he's right Grady But think about the baby before you get all crazy [Eminem] Okay! Thought about it, still wanna stab her? Grab her by the throat, get your daughter and kidnap her? That's what I did, be smart, don't be a retard You gonna take advice from somebody who slapped DEE BARNES??! [Dr. Dre] What'chu say? (What's wrong? Didn't think I'd remember?) I'ma kill you motherfucker! [Eminem] Uhhh-aahh! Temper temper! Mr. Dre? Mr. N.W.A.? Mr. AK comin' straight outta Compton y'all better make way? How in the fuck you gonna tell this man not to be violent? [Dr. Dre] Cause he don't need to go the same route that I went Been there, done that.. aw fuck it... What am I sayin? Shoot em both Grady, where's your gun at?  	{gun fires, is cocked, and re-fired} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Eminem Album: Slim Shady LP Song: Brain Damage Typed by: dcs6@acpub.duke.edu, OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Doctor] Scalpel [Nurse] Here [Doctor] Sponge [Nurse] Here [Doctor] Wait.. he's convulsing, he's convulsing! [Nurse] Ah! [Doctor] We're gonna have to shock him! [Nurse] Oh my! Oh my God! [Doctor] We're gonna have to shock him! [Nurse] Oh my God! [Eminem] These are the results of a thousand electric volts A neck with bolts, "Nurse we're losin him, check the pulse!" A kid who refused to respect adults Wore spectacles with taped frames and a freckled nose A corny lookin white boy, scrawny and always ornery Cause I was always sick of brawny bullies pickin on me And I might snap, one day just like that I decided to strike back and flatten every tire on the bike rack (Whosssssh) My first day in junior high, this kid said, "It's you and I, three o'clock sharp this afternoon you die" I looked at my watch it was one twenty "I already gave you my lunch money what more do you want from me?!?" He said, "Don't try to run from me, you'll just make it worse..." My palms were sweaty, and I started to shake at first Something told me, "Try to fake a stomach ache it works" I screamed, "Owww! My appendix feels like they could burst! Teacher, teacher, quick I need a naked nurse!" [N] "What's the matter?" [E] "I don't know, my leg, it hurts!" [N] "Leg?!? I thought you said it was your tummy?!?" [E] "Oh, I mean it is, but I also got a bum knee!" [N] "Mr. Mathers, the fun and games are over.   And just for that stunt, you're gonna get some extra homework." [E] "But don't you wanna give me after school detention?" [N] "Nah, that bully wants to beat your ass and I'ma let him." Chorus: repeat 2X Brain damage, ever since the day I was born Drugs is what they used to say I was on They say I never knew which way I was goin But everywhere I go they keep playin my song [Eminem] Brain damage.. Way before my baby daughter Hailey I was harassed daily by this fat kid named D'Angelo Bailey An eighth grader who acted obnoxious, cause his father boxes so everyday he'd shove me in the lockers One day he came in the bathroom while I was pissin And had me in the position to beat me into submission He banged my head against the urinal til he broke my nose, Soaked my clothes in blood, grabbed me and choked my throat I tried to plead and tell him, "We shouldn't beef" But he just wouldn't leave, he kept chokin me and I couldn't breathe He looked at me and said, "You gonna die honkey!" The principal walked in (What's going on in here?) and started helpin him stomp me I made them think they beat me to death Holdin my breath for like five minutes before they finally left Then I got up and ran to the janitor's storage booth Kicked the door hinge loose and ripped out the four inch screws Grabbed some sharp objects, brooms, and foreign tools "This is for every time you took my orange juice, or stole my seat in the lunchroom and drank my chocolate milk. Every time you tipped my tray and it dropped and spilt. I'm gettin you back bully! Now once and for good." I cocked the broomstick back and swung hard as I could and beat him over the head with it til I broke the wood Knocked him down, stood on his chest with one foot.. .. Made it home, later that same day Started reading a comic, and suddenly everything became gray I couldn't even see what I was tryin to read I went deaf, and my left ear started to bleed My mother started screamin, "What are you on, drugs?!? Look at you, you're gettin blood all over my rug!" (Sorry!) She beat me over the head with the remote control opened a hole, and my whole brain fell out of my skull I picked it up and screamed, "Look bitch, what have you done?!?" [M] "Oh my God, I'm sorry son" [E] "Shut up you cunt!" I said, "Fuck it!" Took it and stuck it back up in my head then I sewed it shut and put a couple of screws in my neck Chorus [Eminem] Brain damage.. It's brain damage.. I got brain damage.. It's brain damage.. It's probably brain damage.. It's brain damage.. Brain damage.. I got brain damage.. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: (Eminem f/) Paul Rosenberg Album: The Slim Shady LP Song: Paul Typed by: ÇexyÇy {*in the style of a telephone answering machine message*} Em, What's goin' on? This is Paul Rosenberg here, faithful attorney o' law Listen, I er listened to, the rough copy, of your album and, um  You know, I just gotta be honest with you Err could you turn it down a little bit? Because, there's only so much I can explain  Give you a call The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Eminem Album: The Slim Shady LP * Song: If I Had... Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash * this same song was also on the EP on "Web Entertainment" Life.. by Marshall Mathers What is life? Life is like a big obstacle put in front of your optical to slow you down And everytime you think you gotten past it it's gonna come back around and tackle you to the damn ground What are friends? Friends are people that you think are your friends But they really your enemies, with secret indentities and disguises, to hide they true colors So just when you think you close enough to be brothers they wanna come back and cut your throat when you ain't lookin What is money? Money is what makes a man act funny Money is the root of all evil Money'll make them same friends come back around swearing that they was always down What is life? I'm tired of life I'm tired of backstabbing ass snakes with friendly grins I'm tired of committing so many sins Tired of always giving in when this bottle of Henny wins Tired of never having any ends Tired of having skinny friends hooked on crack and mini-thins I'm tired of this DJ playing YOUR shit when he spins Tired of not having a deal Tired of having to deal with the bullshit without grabbing the steel Tired of drowning in my sorrow Tired of having to borrow a dollar for gas to start my Monte Carlo I'm tired of motherfuckers spraying shit and dartin off I'm tired of jobs startin off at five fifty an hour then this boss wanders why I'm smartin off I'm tired of being fired everytime I fart and cough Tired of having to work as a gas station clerk for this jerk breathing down my neck driving me bezerk I'm tired of using plastic silverware Tired of working in Building Square Tired of not being a millionaire But if I had a million dollars I'd buy a damn brewery, and turn the planet into alcoholics If I had a magic wand, I'd make the world suck my dick without a condom on, while I'm on the john If I had a million bucks it wouldn't be enough, because I'd still be out robbing armored trucks If I had one wish I would ask for a big enough ass for the whole world to kiss I'm tired of being white trash, broke and always poor Tired of taking pop bottles back to the party store I'm tired of not having a phone Tired of not having a home to have one in if I did have it on Tired of not driving a BM Tired of not working at GM, tired of wanting to be him Tired of not sleeping without a Tylenol PM Tired of not performing in a packed coliseum Tired of not being on tour Tired of fucking the same blonde whore after work in the back of a Contour I'm tired of faking knots with a stack of ones Having a lack of funds and resorting back to guns Tired of being stared at I'm tired of wearing the same damn Nike Air hat Tired of stepping in clubs wearing the same pair of Lugz Tired of people saying they're tired of hearing me rap about drugs Tired of other rappers who ain't bringin half the skill as me saying they wasn't feeling me on "Nobody's As Ill As Me" I'm tired of radio stations telling fibs Tired of J-L-B saying "Where Hip-Hop Lives" But if I had a million dollars I'd buy a damn brewery, and turn the planet into alcoholics If I had a magic wand, I'd make the world suck my dick without a condom on, while I'm on the john If I had a million bucks it wouldn't be enough, because I'd still be out robbing armored trucks If I had one wish I would ask for a big enough ass for the whole world to kiss You know what I'm saying? I'm tired of all of this bullshit Telling me to be positive How'm I 'sposed to be positive when I don't see shit positive? Know what I'm sayin? I rap about shit around me, shit I see Know what I'm sayin? Right now I'm tired of everything Tired of all this player hating that's going on in my own city Can't get no airplay, you know what I'm sayin? But ey, it's cool though, you know what I'm sayin? Just fed up That's my word The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Eminem Album: Slim Shady LP Song: '97 Bonnie and Clyde * Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash * this is the same lyrics as "Just the Two of Us" from his EP Just the two of us.. (8X) [Eminem] Baby your da-da loves you (hey) And I'ma always be here for you (hey) no matter what happens You're all I got in this world I would never give you up for nothin Nobody in this world is ever gonna keep you from me I love you C'mon Hai-Hai, we goin to the beach Grab a couple of toys and let da-da strap you in the car seat Oh where's mama? She's takin a little nap in the trunk Oh that smell (whew!) da-da musta runned over a skunk Now I know what you're thinkin - it's kind of late to go swimmin But you know your mama, she's one of those type of women that do crazy things, and if she don't get her way, she'll throw a fit Don't play with da-da's toy knife, honey, let go of it (no!) And don't look so upset, why you actin bashful? Don't you wanna help da-da build a sand castle? (yeah!) And mama said she wants to show how far she can float And don't worry about that little boo-boo on her throat It's just a little scratch - it don't hurt, her was eatin dinner while you were sweepin and spilled ketchup on her shirt Mama's messy isn't she? We'll let her wash off in the water and me and you can pway by ourselves, can't we? Just the two of us.. (2X) 	And when we ride! Just the two of us.. (2X) 	Just you and I! Just the two of us.. (2X) 	And when we ride! Just the two of us.. (2X) 	Just you and I! See honey.. there's a place called heaven and a place called hell A place called prison and a place called jail And da-da's probably on his way to all of em except one Cause mama's got a new husband and a stepson And you don't want a brother do ya? (Nah) Maybe when you're old enough to understand a little better I'll explain it to ya But for now we'll just say mama was real real bad She was bein mean to dad and made him real real mad But I still feel sad that I put her on time-out Sit back in your chair honey, quit tryin to climb out (WAHH!) I told you it's okay HaiHai, wanna ba-ba?  Take a night-night? Nan-a-boo, goo-goo ga-ga? Her make goo-goo ca-ca? Da-da change your dia-dee Clean the baby up so her can take a nighty-nighty Your dad'll wake her up as soon as we get to the water Ninety-seven Bonnie and Clyde, me and my daughter Just the two of us.. (2X) 	And when we ride! Just the two of us.. (2X) 	Just you and I! Just the two of us.. (2X) 	And when we ride! Just the two of us.. (2X) 	Just you and I! Wake up sweepy head we're here, before we pway we're gonna take mama for a wittle walk along the pier Baby, don't cry honey, don't get the wrong idea Mama's too sweepy to hear you screamin in her ear (ma-maa!) That's why you can't get her to wake, but don't worry Da-da made a nice bed for mommy at the bottom of the lake Here, you wanna help da-da tie a rope around this rock? (yeah!) We'll tie it to her footsie then we'll roll her off the dock Ready now, here we go, on the count of free.. One.. two.. free.. WHEEEEEE! (whoooooshhhhh) There goes mama, spwashin in the wa-ta No more fightin wit dad, no more restraining order No more step-da-da, no more new brother Blow her kisses bye-bye, tell mama you love her (mommy!) Now we'll go play in the sand, build a castle and junk But first, just help dad with two more things out the trunk Just the two of us.. (2X) 	And when we ride! Just the two of us.. (2X) 	Just you and I! Just the two of us.. (2X) 	And when we ride! Just the two of us.. (2X) 	Just you and I! Just the two of us.. (4X) [Eminem] Just me and you baby is all we need in this world Just me and you Your da-da will always be there for you Your da-da's always gonna love you Remember that If you ever need me I will always be here for you If you ever need anything, just ASK Da-da will be right there Your da-da loves you I love you baby The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: (Eminem f/) Zoe Album: The Slim Shady LP Song: Bitch * Typed by: ÇexyÇy * this track is called Zoe on the clean version of the album [Zoe on telephone] Justin?  It's Zoe um  Kelly did not have me call however I just listened to Eminem in her car and  It is the most DISGUSTING, thing I have ever heard in my entire life  And I seriously wanna call his fucking agent  And tell him how FUCKING disgusting he is  It like makes me upset I'm now nauseous and I can't eat lunch Goodbye The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Eminem Album: The Slim Shady LP Song: Role Model Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash OK, I'm going to attempt to drown myself  You can try this at home  You can be just like me! Mic check one two.. we recordin?  I'm cancerous, so when I diss you wouldn't wanna answer this If you responded back with a battle rap you wrote for Canibus I strangled you to death then I choked you again Then break your fuckin legs till your bones poke through your skin You beef wit me, I'ma even the score equally Take you on Jerry Springer, and beat yer ass legally I get you blunted off of funny home grown Cause when I smoke out I hit the trees harder than Sonny Bono (Ohh no!!) So if I said I never did drugs That would mean I lie AND get fucked more than the President does Hillary Clinton tried to slap me and call me a pervert I ripped her fuckin tonsils out and fed her sherbet (Bitch!) My nerves hurt, and lately I'm on edge Grabbed Vanilla Ice and ripped out his blonde dreads (Fuck you!) Every girl I ever went out wit is goin lez Follow me and do exactly what the song says: smoke weed, take pills, drop outta school, kill people and drink And jump behind the wheel like it was still legal I'm dumb enough to walk in a store and steal So I'm dumb enough to ask for a date with Lauryn Hill Some people only see that I'm white, ignorin skill Cause I stand out like a green hat with a orange bill But I don't get pissed, y'all don't even see through the mist How the fuck can I be white, I don't even exist I get a clean shave, bathe, go to a rave Die from an overdose and dig myself up out of my grave My middle finger won't go down, how do I wave? And this is how I'm supposed to teach kids how to behave? 	Now follow me and do exactly what you see Don't you wanna grow up to be just like me! 	I slap women and eat shrooms then O.D. Now don't you wanna grow up to be just like me! Me and Marcus Allen went over to see Nicole When we heard a knock at the door, must have been Ron Gold' Jumped behind the door, put the orgy on hold Killed em both and smeared blood in a white Bronco (we did it!) My mind won't work if my spine don't jerk I slapped Garth Brooks out of his Rhinestone shirt I'm not a player just a ill rhyme sayer That'll spray an Aerosol can up at the ozone layer (psssssssh) My rap style's warped, I'm runnin out the morgue witcha dead grandmother's corpse to throw it on your porch Jumped in a Chickenhawk cartoon wit a cape on And beat up Foghorn Leghorn with an acorn I'm bout as normal as Norman Bates, with deformative traits A premature birth that was four minutes late Mother.. are you there? I love you I never meant to hit you over the head with that shovel Will someone explain to my brain that I just severed a main vein with a chainsaw and I'm in pain? I take a breather and sighed; either I'm high, or I'm nuts Cause if you ain't tiltin this room, neither am I So when you see your mom with a thermometer shoved in her ass  Then it probably is obvious I got it on with her Cause when I drop this solo shit it's over with I bought Cage's tape, opened it, and dubbed over it 	I came to the club drunk with a fake ID Don't you wanna grow up to be just like me! 	I've been with 10 women who got HIV Now don't you wanna grow up to be just like me! 	I got genital warts and it burns when I pee Don't you wanna grow up to be just like me! 	I tie a rope around my penis and jump from a tree You probably wanna grow up to be just like me!!! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Eminem Album: The Slim Shady LP Song: Lounge Typed by: ÇexyÇy {*group singing slowly*} I never meant to... Give you mushrooms girl I never meant to... Bring you to my world And now you're lying The corner cry-y-y-iiiiing (wooh! yeah!) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Eminem Album: The Slim Shady LP Song: My Fault Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash * Eminem does the voices of all characters in the song * [G] Eminem as Susan (the girl) [D] Eminem as Dave [J] Eminem as John [R] Eminem as Ron Chorus: repeat 2X {Eminem singing} I never meant to give you mushrooms girl I never meant to bring you to my world Now you sitting in the corner crying And now it's my fault my fault [Eminem] I went to John's rave with Ron and Dave And met a new wave blonde babe with half of her head shaved A nurse aid who came to get laid and tied up with first aid tape and raped on the first date Susan -- an ex-heroin addict who just stopped usin who love booze and alternative music (Whattup?) Told me she was goin back into usin again (Nah!) I said, "Wait, first try this hallucinogen It's better than heroin, Henn, the booze or the gin C'mere, let's go in here" *knocks on the door* "Who's in the den?" [R] "It's me and Kelly!" "My bad, (sorry) let's try another room" [G] I don't trust you! "Shut up slut! Chew up this mushroom This'll help you get in touch with your roots We'll get barefoot, buttnaked, and run in the woods [G] Oh hell, I might as well try em, this party is so drab "Oh dag!!" [G] What? "I ain't mean for you to eat the whole bag!" [G] Huh?! Chorus: 1st repeat Em says "I'm sorry!" at the end   2nd repeat same as original Chorus "Yo Sue!" [G] Get away from me, I don't know you Oh shoot, she's tripping.. [G] I need to go puke!! (Bleahh!) I wasn't tryin to turn this into somethin major I just wanted to make you appreciate nature Susan, stop cryin, I don't hate ya The world's not against you, I'm sorry your father raped you So what you had your little coochie in your dad's mouth? That ain't no reason to start wiggin and spaz out She said, [G] Help me I think I'm havin a seisure! I said, "I'm high too bitch, quit grabbin my t-shirt" (Let go!) "Would you calm down you're startin to scare me" She said, [G] I'm twenty-six years old and I'm not married  I don't even have any kids and I can't cook (Hello!) I'm over here Sue, (hi) you're talkin to the plant, look! We need to get to a hospital 'fore it's too late  Cause I never seen no-one eat as many shrooms as you ate Chorus: 1st repeat Em says "Whoops!" after first line   and "It was an accident!" at the end   2nd repeat same as original Chorus Susan (wait!) Where you goin? You better be careful [G] Leave me alone dad, I'm sick of gettin my hair pulled I'm not your dad, quit tryin to swallow your tongue Want some gum? Put down the scissors, 'fore you do somethin dumb I'll be right back just chill baby please? I gotta go find Dave he's the one who gave me these "John, where's Dave at before I bash you?" [J] He's in the bathroom; I think he's takin a crap dude! "Dave! Pull up your pants, we need an ambulance There's a girl upstairs talkin to plants choppin her hair off, and there's only two days left  of Spring Break, how long do these things take to wear off?" [D] Well it depends on how may you had "I took three, she ate the other twenty-two caps Now she's upstairs cryin out her eyeballs, drinkin Lysol" [D] She's gonna die dude "I know and it's my fault!" [D] My god!!! Chorus: 1st repeat Em says "I'm sorry!" after second line   and "What do I do?" at the end   2nd repeat same as original Chorus My God, I'm so sorry! I'm so sorry! Susan please wake up! Please! Please wake up!! What are you doing?! You're not dead!! You're NOT dead! I know you're not dead! Oh my God! Susan wake up! Oh God... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Eminem Album: The Slim Shady LP Song: Ken Kaniff Typed by: ÇexyÇy [Ken Kaniff]  Call this motherfucker (*dial tone*) Ohh fuck yeah Give 'im a piece of my mind.... A piece of my ass [Operator] Thanks for waiting This is (*sound dipped*) May I help you? [Ken Kaniff] Oh thank you I need to make a collect call [Operator] What number? [Ken Kaniff] Ohhh The number's (*sound dipped*) 62 (*sound dipped*) [Automated Operator] At the tone, please say your name (*beep*) [Ken Kaniff] Kennith Kaniff....from Connecticut Automated piece of shit (*phone rings, man answers - presumably supposed to be Eminem*) [Man]  Yo [Ken Kaniff] Hey there cockboy [Man]  Who's this? [Ken Kaniff] This is Ken Kannif [Man] 	  Who? [Ken Kaniff] Ken Kannif from Connecticut, ya little bitch [Man]  From Connecticut? [Ken Kaniff] Yean you wanna get a... [Man]  I don't know nobody in Connecticut [Ken Kaniff] You wanna get a hotel room with me? [Man]  A hotel room? [Ken Kaniff] Yeah, you want me to lick your ass, EMINEM!? [Man]  Ha.. Yo, wh, who is this? Cage? [Ken Kaniff] Hey, pa ha..     You want me ta fuckin melt in your mouth and not in your hand?  	  Melt in your ass, ya little cockboy [Man]  He k-k-k-k     Yo shut up you little bitch [Ken Kaniff] Oh you think I'm lyin huh?     Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Eminem f/ Dina Rae Album: The Slim Shady LP Song: Cum On Everybody Typed by: bristow@mediaone.net, OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Dina]	Hmm-hmm-hmhmhmmhm.. ahhh, whooooo!! Shit [Em]	Yo, mic check 	Testing one, two, um... twelve (whattup whattup whattup.. Outsidaz) [Em]	This is my dance song (Outsidaz) 	Can you hear me? (Rah Digga, Pacewon, Young Zee) [Em]	Aight, ay turn my headphones up (bust it bust it) [Eminem] My favoite color is red, like the blood shed from Kurt Cobain's head, when he shot himself dead Women all grabbin at my shishkabob Bought Lauryn Hill's tape so her kids could starve (I can't stand white people!) You thought I was ill and now I'm even more so Shit I got full blown AIDS and a sore throat I got a wardrobe with an orange robe {*wolf whistle*} I'm in the fourth row, signin autographs at your show (Yo can you sign this right here?) I just remembered that I'm absent minded Wait, I mean I've lost my mind, I can't find it I'm freestylin every verse that I spit cause I don't even remember the words to my shit (umm, one two) I told the doc I need a change in sickness and gave a girl herpes in exchange for syphilis Put my LP on your Christmas gift list You wanna get high, here bitch just sniff this [Chorus 8X: Eminem] + (Dina Rae) Cum on everybody (get down tonight) [Eminem] Yo.. yo yo yo yo I tried suicide once and I'll try it again That's why I write songs where I die at the end Cause I don't give a fuck, like my middle finger was stuck and I was wavin it at everybody screamin, "I suck" (I SUCK!!!) I go on stage in front of a sellout crowd and yell out loud, "All y'all get the hell out now" Fuck rap, I'm givin it up y'all, I'm sorry (But Eminem this is your record release party!) I'm bored out of my gourd -- so I took a hammer  and nailed my foot to the floorboard of my Ford Guess I'm just a sick sick bastard who's one sandwich short of a picnic basket (I ain't got it all) One Excederin tablet short of a full medicine cabinet I feel like my head has been shredded like lettuce and cabbage (ohhhhhhh) And if you ever see a video for this shit I'll probably be dressed up like a mummy with my wrists slit [Chorus 8X: Eminem] + (Dina Rae) Cum on everybody (get down tonight) [Eminem] Got bitches on my jock out in East Detroit Cause they think that I'm a motherfuckin Beastie Boy {*wolf whistle*} So I told em I was Mike D They was like, "Gee I don't know, he might be!" I told em, "Meet me at Kid Rock's next concert I'll be standin by the Loch Ness Monster (okay) peace out (bye!!)" Then I jetted to the weed house Smoked out til I started bustin freestyles Broke out then I dipped quick back to the crib, put on lipstick Crushed up the Tylenol and ate it with a dipstick (*slurping*} Made a couple of crank calls collect [*brrrrrrring, click*] "Ken Kaniff from Connecticut, can you accept?" I wanna make songs all the fellas dub And murder every rich rapper that I'm jealous of So just remember when I bomb your set Yo, I only cuss to make your mom upset [Chorus 20X: Eminem] + (Dina Rae) Cum on everybody (get down tonight) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Eminem Album: Slim Shady LP Song: Rock Bottom Typed by: darnoc20@aol.com Aiyyo!  This song is dedicated - to all the happy people All the happy people - who have real nice lives And who have no idea what it's like, to be broke as fuck [Verse One] I feel like I'm walkin a tight rope, without a circus net Poppin percocet, I'm a nervous wreck I deserve respect; but I work and sweat for this worthless check I'm bout to burst this tech at somebody to reverse this debt Minimum wage got my adrenaline caged Full of venom and rage, 'specially when I'm engaged and my daughter's down to her last diaper, it's got my ass hyper I pray that God answers, maybe I'll ask nicer Watchin ballers while they flossin in they Pathfinders These overnight stars becomin autograph signers We all long to blow up and leave the past behind us Along with the small fry's and average half pinters But playa haters turnin bitch like they have vaginas Cause we see them dollar signs and let the cash blind us Money'll brainwash you and leave yo' ass mindless when snakes slither in the grass spineless [Chorus: repeat 2X] That's Rock Bottom - when this life makes you mad enough to kill That's Rock Bottom - when you want somethin bad enough to steal That's Rock Bottom - when you feel like you've had it up to here Cause you mad enough to scream but you sad enough to tear [Verse Two] My life is full of empty promises and broken dreams I'm hopin things look up; but there ain't no job openings I feel discouraged, hungry and malnourished Living in this house with no furnace, unfurnished And I'm sick of workin dead end jobs with lame pay And I'm tired of being hired and fired the same day But fuck it, if you know the rules to the game play Cause when we die we know we all going the same way Cause it's cool to be player, but it sucks to be the fan When all you need is bucks to be the man, plus a luxury sedan I'm comfortable and roomy in a six But they threw me in the mix with all these gloomy lunatics who walk around depressed, and smoke a pound of sess a day And yesterday went by so quick it seems like it was just today My daughter wants to throw the ball but I'm too stressed to play Live half my life and throw the rest away [Verse Three] There's people that love me, and people that hate me But it's the evil that made me this backstabbin deceitful and shady I want the money, the women, the fortune and fame if it means I end up burnin in hell scorchin in flames if it means I'm stealin your checkbook and forgin your name This lifetime bliss for eternal torture and pain Cause right now, I feel like just hit the rock bottom I got problems - now everybody on my blocks got 'em I'm screamin like them two cops when Tupac shot 'em Holdin two glocks, hope your doors got new locks on 'em My daughter's feet ain't got no shoes or socks on 'em And them rings you wearin look like they got a few rocks on 'em And while you flauntin 'em I could be takin 'em to shops to pawn 'em I got a couple of rings and a brand new watch, you want 'em? Cause I ain't never went gold off one song I'm runnin up on someone's lawn with guns drawn The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Eminem f/ Frogg Album: The Slim Shady LP * Song: Just Don't Give A Fuck Typed by: justkidding2@hotmail.com, OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash * this same song was also on the EP on "Web Entertainment" * the LP version censors "raped the women's swim team" in verse three Intro: Frogg Whoah! A get your hands in the air, and get to clappin 'em and like, back and forth because ah this is.. what you thought it wasn't It beez.. the brothers representin' the Dirty Dozen I be the F-R-O the double G *coughing in background* And check out the man he goes by the name of er... Verse One: Eminem Slim Shady, brain dead like Jim Brady I'm a M80, you Lil' like that Kim lady I'm buzzin, Dirty Dozen, naughty rotten rhymer Cursin at you players worse than Marty Schottenheimer You wacker than the motherfucker you bit your style from You ain't gonna sell two copies if you press a double album Admit it, fuck it, while we comin out in the open I'm doin acid, crack, smack, coke and smokin dope then My name is Marshall Mathers, I'm an alcoholic (Hi Marshall) I have a disease and they don't know what to call it Better hide your wallet cause I'm comin up quick to strip your cash Bought a ticket to your concert just to come and whip your ass Bitch, I'm comin out swingin, so fast it'll make your eyes spin You gettin knocked the fuck out like Mike Tyson  The +Proof+ is in the puddin, just ask the Deshaun Holton I'll slit your motherfuckin throat worse than Ron Goldman Chorus: So when you see me on your block with two glocks  Screamin _Fuck the World_ like Tupac I just don't give a fuuuuuck!! Talkin that shit behind my back, dirty mackin tellin your boys that I'm on crack I just don't give a fuuuuuck!! So put my tape back on the rack Go run and tell your friends my shit is wack I just don't give a fuuuuuck!! But see me on the street and duck Cause you gon' get stuck, stoned, and snuffed Cause I just don't give a fuuuuuck!! Verse Two: Eminem I'm Nicer than Pete, but I'm on a Serch to crush a Miilkbone I'm Everlast-ing, I melt Vanilla Ice like silicone I'm ill enough to just straight up diss you for no reason I'm colder than snow season when it's twenty below freezin Flavor with no seasonin, this is the sneak preview I'll diss your magazine and still won't get a weak review I'll make your freak leave you, smell the Folgers crystals This is a lyrical combat, gentlemen hold your pistols But I form like Voltron and blast you with my shoulder missiles Slim Shady, Eminem was the old initials (Bye-bye!) Extortion, snortin, supportin abortion Pathological liar, blowin shit out of proportion The looniest, zaniest, spontaneous, sporadic Impulsive thinker, compulsive drinker, addict Half animal, half man Dumpin your dead body inside of a fuckin trash can With more holes than an Afghan Chorus Verse Three: Eminem Somebody let me out this limousine (hey, let me out!) I'm a caged demon, on stage screamin like Rage Against the Machine I'm convinced I'm a fiend, shootin up while this record is spinnin Clinically brain dead, I don't need a second opinion Fuck droppin the jewel, I'm flippin the sacred treasure I'll bite your motherfuckin style, just to make it fresher I can't take the pressure, I'm sick of bitches Sick of naggin bosses bitchin while I'm washin dishes In school I never said much, too busy havin a headrush Doin too much rush had my face flushed like red blush Then I went to Jim Beam, that's when my face grayed Went to gym in eighth grade, raped the women's swim team Don't take me for a joke I'm no comedian Too many mental problems got me snortin coke and smokin weed again I'm goin up over the curb, drivin on the median Finally made it home, but I don't got the key to get in Chorus Outro: Eminem Hey, fuck that! Outsidaz.. Pace One.. Young Zee.. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: (Eminem f/) Roger, Skyler Album: The Slim Shady LP Song: Soap Typed by: ÇexyÇy {*sounds like a TV soap opera*} [Roger] Skylar Montgomery? [Skylar] What do you want from me Roger? [Roger] I know it was you all along messing around with my dear Veronica! [Skylar] Wait a minute, you hold it right there.  	 Me and that woman love each other [Roger] Love!?  	 What do you know of love? [Skylar] We were destined to be together 	 I met her on the beach! [Roger] Are you out to destroy me? [Skylar] No Roger. That's not what I want to do 	 I love her! And were going to be together [Roger] Never! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Eminem Album: Slim Shady LP Song: As The World Turns Typed by: kid2001@earthlink.net Chorus: Repeat 2X I dont know why this world keep turning Round and Round But I wish it would stop, and let me off right now Yes man As the World Turns We all experience things in life Trials and Tribulations That we all must go through When someone wants to test us When someone tries our patience [Eminem] I hang with a bunch of hippies and wacky tobacco planters Who swallow lit roaches and light up like jack-o-lanterns Outsiders baby, and we suing the courts Cuz we're dope as fuck and only get a 2 in the source They never should've booted me out of reform school Deformed fool,takin a shit in a warm pool They threw me out the Ramada Inn I said it wasn't me, I got a twin (Oh my god its you! Not again!) It all started when my mother took my bike away Cuz I murdered my guinea pig and stuck him in the microwave After that, It was straight to the 40 ouncers Slappin teachers, and jackin off in front of my counselors Class clown freshman, dressed like Les Nessman Fuck the next lesson, I'll past the test guessin And all the other kids said Eminem's a dishead, He'll never last, the only class he'll pass is phys ed May be true, till I told this bitch in gym class That she was too fat to swim laps, she needed Slim Fast (Who Me?) Yeah bitch you so big you walked into big Tanny's and stepped on Jenny Craig She picked me up to snap me like a skinny twig Put me in the headlock, then I thought of my guinea pig I felt the evilness and started transformin (RARRRR!) It began storming, I heard a bunch of cheering fans swarming Grabbed that bitch by her hair Drug her across the ground And took her up to the highest diving board and tossed her down Sorry coach, its too late to tell me stop While I drop this bitch face down and watch her belly flop Chorus As the World Turns These are the days of our lives These are the things that we must go through Day by day [Eminem] We drive around in million dollar sports cars While little kids hide this tape from their parents like bad report cards Outsiders, and we suing the courts Cuz we dope as fuck and only get a 2 in The Source Hypercondriac, hanging out at the laundromat Where all the raunchy fat white trashy blondes be at Dressed like a sailor, standin by a pale of garbage Its almost dark and I'm still tryna nail a trailor park bitch I met a slut and said "What up, its nice to meet ya" I'd like to treat ya to a Faygo and a slice of pizza But I'm broke as fuck and I don't get paid till the first of next month But if you care to join me, I was bout to roll this next blunt But I aint got no weed, no phillies, or no papers Plus I'm a rapist and a repeated prison escapist So gimme all your money And don't try nothin funny Cuz you know your stinkin ass is too fat to try to outrun me I went to grab my gun Thats when her ass put it on me Wit an uppercut and hit me with a basket of laundry I fell through the glass doors Started causin a scene Then slid across the floor and flew right into a washin machine Jumped up with a broken back Thank god I was smokin crack all day And doped up off coke and smack All I wanted to do was rape the bitch and snatch her purse Now I wanna kill her But so I gotta catch her first Ran through Rally's parkin lot and took a shortcut Saw the house she ran up in And shot her fuckin porch up Kicked the door down to murder this divorced slut Looked around the room Thats when I seen the bedroom door shut I know you're in there bitch! I got my gun cocked! You might as well come out now She said "Come in, its unlocked!" I walked in and all I smelled was Liz Claiborne And seen her spread across the bed naked watchin gay porn She said "Come her big boy, lets get acquainted" I turned around to run, twisted my ankle and sprained it She came at me at full speed, nothin could stop her I shot her five times and every bullet bounced off her I started to beg "No, please let go" But she swallowed my fuckin leg whole like an egg roll With one leg left, now I'm hoppin around crippled I grabbed my pocket knife and sliced off her right nipple Just trying to buy me some time, then I remembered this magic trick Den Den Den Den Den Den, Go go gadget dick! Whipped that shit out, and aint no doubt about it It hit the ground and caused an earthquake and power outage I shouted "Now bitch, lets see who gets the best!" Stuffed that shit in crooked and fucked that fat slut to death (Ahh!! Ahhh!) Come here bitch! Come here! Take this motherfuckin dick! Bitch, come here! Chorus to fade And as we go along Throughout the days of our lives We all face small obstacles and challenges everyday That we must go through These are the things that surround us through our atmosphere Every day Every single day the world keeps turning The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Eminem Album: Slim Shady LP Song: I'm Shady Typed by: mchakko@bilbo.bio.purdue.edu, OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Eminem] Who came through with two glocks to terrorize your borough (huh?) Told you how to slap dicks and murder your girl (I did!) Gave you all the finger and told you to sit and twirl Sold a billion tapes and still screamed, "Fuck the world!" (I'm Slim Shady..) so come and kill me while my name's hot And shoot me twenty-five times in the same spot (Ow!) I think I got a generation brainwashed to pop pills and smoke pot til they brains rot (uhh-oh) Stop they blood flow until they veins clot I need a pain shot, and a shot of plain scotch Purple haze and acid raindrops Spike the punch at the party and drink pop (gulp gulp) Shaved my armpits and wore a tank top Bad Boy, I told you that I can't stop You gotta make em fear you 'fore you make em feel you So everybody buy my shit or I'ma come and kill you I got mushrooms, I got acid, I got tabs and aspirin tablets I'm your brother when you need, some good weed to set you free You know me, I'm your friend, when you need a minithin (I'm Slim Shady..) I'm Shady!! [Eminem] I like happy things, I'm really calm and peaceful (uh-huh huh) I like birds, bees, I like people I like funny things that make me happy and gleeful (hehehe) like when my teacher sucked my wee-wee in preschool (Woo!) The ill type, I stab myself with a steel spike while I blow my brain out, just to see what it feels like cause this is how I am in real life (mm-hmm) I don't want to just die a normal death, I wanna be killed twice (uh-huh) How you gonna scare somebody with a gun threat when they high off of drugs they haven't even done yet (Huh?) So bring the money by tonight - cause your wife  said this the biggest knife she ever saw in her life (Help me! Help me!) I try to keep it positive and play it cool Shoot up the playground and tell the kids to stay in school (Stay in school!) Cause I'm the one they can relate to and look up to better Tonight I think I'll write my biggest fan a fuck you letter I got mushrooms, I got acid, I got tabs and aspirin tablets I'm your brother when you need, some good weed to set you free You know me, I'm your friend, when you need a minithin (I'm Slim Shady..) I'm Shady!! [Eminem] Yo.. I listen to your demo tape and act like I don't like it  (Aww that shit is wack!) Six months later you hear your lyrics on my shit  (What?? That's my shit!) People don't buy shit no more they just dub it That's why I'm still broke and had the number one club hit (Yup, uh huh) But they love it when you make your business public so fuck it, I've got herpes while we on the subject (uh-huh) And if I told you I had AIDS y'all would play it cause you stupid motherfuckers think I'm playin when I say it -- Well, I do take pills, don't do speed Don't do crack (uh-uhh) don't do coke, I do smoke weed (uh-huh) Don't do smack, I do do shrooms, do drink beer (yup) I just wanna make a few things clear My baby mama's not dead (uh-uhh) she's still alive and bitchin (yup) And I don't have herpes, my dick's just itchin It's not syphilis, and as for being AIDS infested I don't know yet, I'm too scared to get tested I got mushrooms, I got acid, I got tabs and aspirin tablets I'm your brother when you need, some good weed to set you free You know me, I'm your friend, when you need a minithin (I'm Slim Shady..) I'm Shady!! (Ha hah-ha, ha! Ha hah, hah..) I told you I was Shady!! (Ha hah-ha, hah-ha! Ha hah, hah-ha, hah-ha, hah-ha) Y'all didn't wanna believe me! I'm Shady!! .. And that's my name The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Eminem f/ Royce Da Five-Nine Album: The Slim Shady LP	 Song: Bad Meets Evil Typed by: Nature2QBC@aol.com [intro] [Cowboy] I reckon you ain't familiar with these here parts You know, there's a story behind that there saloon Twenty years ago, two outlaws took this whole town over Sheriffs couldn't stop em Quickest damn gun slingers I've ever seen Got murdered in cold blood That ol' saloon there was their lil' home away from home They say the ghosts of Bad and Evil still live in that tavern And on a quiet night You can still hear the footsteps of Slim Shady and Royce Da Five-Nine [Eminem] I don't speak, I float in the air wrapped in a sheet I'm not a real person, I'm a ghost trapped in a beat I translate when my voice is read through a sismograph And a noise is bred, picked up and transmitted through Royce's head (AAHHH) Trapped him in his room, possessed him and hoist his bed Till the evilness flows through his blood like poisonous lead Told him each one of his boys is dead I asked him to come to the dark side, he made a choice and said [Royce] Who hard? yo I done heard worse We can get in two cars and accelerate at each other To see which one'll swerve first Two blind bandits panic, whose mental capacity holds That of a globe on top of nine other planets Kissed the cheek of the devil Intelligence level is hell-ier than treble peakin on speakers in the ghetto Dismissal, I'm not a fair man, disgraced the race of a atheist Intercepting missles wit my bare hands like a patriot One track sliced without swords, I buried the Christ corpse In my past life when the Black Knight mounted the white horse And stay over-worked, its like the Nazis in the nations Collaborating, attemptin to take over the earth [Eminem] Cuz this is what happens when Bad Meets Evil We hit the trees till we look like Vietnamese people He's Evil, and I'm Bad like Steve Segal Above the Law cuz I don't agree wit police either (shit, me neither) We ain't eager to be legal So please leave me wit the keys to your Jeep Eagle I breathe ether in three amounts When I stab myself in the knee with a diseased needle Releasin rage on anybody in squeezing range Cold enough to make the seasons change into freezing rain (He's insane) No I'm not, I just want to shoot up and I'm pissed off Cuz I can't find a decent vain [Royce] The disaster wit dreds I'm Bad enough to commit suicide and survive long enough To kill my soul after I'm dead When in danger it's funny actually my flavor's similar to a waiter Cuz I serve any stranger wit money I spray a hundred, man until they joint chains While slippin bullets at point blank range like they was punches Piss on a flag and burn it, murder you then come to your funeral Serve this lobbyist, strangle your body then confirm you Whippin human ass, throwin blows crackin jaws  Wit my fists wrapped in gause, dipped in glue and glass I'm blazin MC's, at the same time amazin MC's Somehow MC's ain't that eye-brow raisin to me >From all of angles of us, flash a mack loud enough to cast a avalanche And bust till volcanoes errupt [interlude] *phone rings* Hello? (Billy) Aiyyo what's up (we're comin to get you) STOP, THEY KNOW IT'S US!! [Eminem] I used to be a loudmouth, remember me? (uh-ah) I'm the one who burned your house down (oh) Well I'm out now (shit), and this time I'm comin back to blow your house up And I ain't gon leave you a window to jump out of Give me two fat tabs and three shrooms And you won't see me like fat people in steam rooms And when I go to hell and I'm gettin ready to leave I'ma put air in a bag and charge people to breathe [Royce] (Eminem) Cuz this is what happens when Bad Meets Evil And we hit the trees till we look like Vietnamese people He's Evil, and I'm Bad like Steve Segal Against peaceful, see you in hell for the sequel (We'll be waitin) See you in hell Wall Street, Royce Da Five-Nine, Slim Shady See you in hell for the sequel (bye bye) Bad Meets Evil, what? (till next time) [Cowboy] And so that's the story when Bad Meets Evil Two of the most wanted individuals in the county Made Jesse James and Billy the Kid look like law-abiding citizens It's too bad they had to go out the way they did Got shot in the back comin out of that ol' saloon But their spirits still live on till this day Shhh...[spits] wait, did y'all hear that? [Footsteps and windblowing] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Eminem Album: Slim Shady LP Song: Still Don't Give a Fuck Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Eminem] A lot of people ask me.. am I afraid of death.. Hell yeah I'm afraid of death I don't want to die yet A lot of people think.. that I worship the devil.. that I do all types of.. retarded shit Look, I can't change the way I think And I can't change the way I am But if I offended you? Good Cause I still don't give a fuck I'm zonin off of one joint, stoppin a limo Hopped in the window, shoppin a demo at gunpoint A lyricist without a clue, what year is this? Fuck a needle, here's a sword, bodypierce with this Livin amuk, never givin a fuck Gimme the keys I'm drunk, and I've never driven a truck But I smoke dope in a cab I'll stab you with the sharpest knife I can grab Come back the next week and re-open your scab (YEAH!) A killer instinct runs in the blood Emptyin full clips and buryin guns in the mud I've calmed down now -- I was heavy once into drugs I could walk around straight for two months with a buzz My brain's gone, my soul's worn and my spirit is torn The rest of my body's still bein operated on I'm ducked the fuck down while I'm writin this rhyme Cause I'm probably gonna get struck with lightnin this time Chorus:  For all the weed that I've smoked - yo this blunt's for you To all the people I've offended - yeah fuck you too! To all the friends I used to have - yo I miss my past But the rest of you assholes can KISS MY ASS For all the drugs that I've done - yo I'm still gon' do To all the people I've offended - yeah fuck you too! For everytime I reminisce - yo I miss my past But I still don't give a fuck, y'all can KISS MY ASS [Eminem] I walked into a gunfight with a knife to kill you And cut you so fast when your blood spilled it was still blue I'll hang you til you dangle and chain you with both ankles And pull you apart from both angles I wanna crush your skull til your brains leaks out of your veins And bust open like broken water mains So tell Saddam not to bother with makin another bomb  Cause I'm crushin the whole world in my palm Got your girl on my arm and I'm armed with a firearm So big my entire arm is a giant firebomb Buy your mom a shirt with a Slim Shady iron-on And the pants to match ("Here momma try em on") I get imaginative with a mouth full of adjectives, a brain full of adverbs, and a box full of laxatives (Shittin on rappers) Causin hospital accidents God help me before I commit some irresponsible acts again  Chorus [Eminem] I wanted an album so rugged nobody could touch it Spend a million a track and went over my budget (Ohh shit!) Now how in the fuck am I supposed to get out of debt? I can't rap anymore - I just murdered the alphabet Drug sickness got me doin some bugged twitches I'm withdrawn from crack so bad my blood itches I don't rap to get the women - fuck bitches  Give me a fat slut that cooks and does dishes Never ran with a click - I'm a posse Kamikaze, strappin a motherfuckin bomb across me From the second I was born, my momma lost me  I'm a cross between Manson, Esham and Ozzy I don't know why the fuck I'm here in the first place  My worst day on this earth was my first birthday Retarded? What did that nurse say? Brain damage? Fuck, I was born during the earthquake Chorus Artist: Eminem Album: The Marshall Mathers LP Song: Public Service Announcement 2000 Typed by: ÇexyÇy {*Eminem whispers all lines apart from the final one*} [Announcer] This is ANOTHER public service announcement brought to you, in part, by Slim Shady [Eminem] Tell 'em I don't give a fuck... [Announcer] Slim Shady does not give a FUCK, what you think! [Eminem] Tell 'em to suck it.... [Announcer] If you don't like it, you can suck his fucking cock! [Eminem: Tell 'em they kissed my ass.... [Announcer] Little did you know, upon purchasing this album you have just kissed his ass! [Eminem] Tell 'em I'm fed up... [Announcer] Slim Shady is fed up with your shit and he's going to kill you! [Eminem] Yeah [Announcer] Uh, anything else? [Eminem] Yeah, SUE ME! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Eminem Album: The Marshall Mathers LP Song: Kill You Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Eminem] When I just a little baby boy, my momma used to tell me these crazy things She used to tell me my daddy was an evil man, she used to tell me he hated me But then I got a little bit older and I realized, she was the crazy one But there was nothin I could do or say to try to change it cause that's just the way she was They said I can't rap about bein broke no more They ain't say I can't rap about coke no more (AHHH!) Slut, you think I won't choke no whore til the vocal cords don't work in her throat no more?! (AHHH!) These motherfuckers are thinkin I'm playin Thinkin I'm sayin the shit cause I'm thinkin it just to be sayin it (AHHH!) Put your hands down bitch, I ain't gon' shoot you I'ma pull +YOU+ to this bullet, and put it through you (AHHH!) Shut up slut, you're causin too much chaos Just bend over and take it like a slut, okay Ma? "Oh, now he's raping his own mother, abusing a whore, snorting coke, and we gave him the Rolling Stone cover?" You god damn right BITCH, and now it's too late I'm triple platinum and tragedies happen in two states I invented violence, you vile venomous volatile bitches vain Vicadin, vrinnn Vrinnn, VRINNN! {*chainsaw revs up*} Texas Chainsaw, left his brains all danglin from his neck, while his head barely hangs on Blood, guts, guns, cuts Knives, lives, wives, nuns, sluts Chorus: Eminem Bitch I'ma kill you! You don't wanna fuck with me Girls neither - you ain't nuttin but a slut to me Bitch I'ma kill you! You ain't got the balls to beef We ain't gon' never stop beefin I don't squash the beef You better kill me! I'ma be another rapper dead for poppin off at the mouth with shit I shouldn'ta said But when they kill me - I'm bringin the world with me Bitches too! You ain't nuttin but a girl to me .. I said you don't, wanna fuck with Shady (cause why?) Cause Shady, will fuckin kill you (ah-haha) I said you don't, wanna fuck with Shady (why?) Cause Shady, will fuckin kill you.. [Eminem] Bitch I'ma kill you! Like a murder weapon, I'ma conceal you in a closet with mildew, sheets, pillows and film you Buck with me, I been through hell, shut the hell up! I'm tryin to develop these pictures of the Devil to sell 'em I ain't "acid rap," but I rap on acid Got a new blow-up doll and just had a strap-on added WHOOPS! Is that a subliminal hint? NO! Just criminal intent to sodomize women again Eminem offend? NO! Eminem insult And if you ever give in to him, you give him an impulse to do it again, THEN, if he does it again you'll probably end up jumpin out of somethin up on the 10th (Ahhhhhhhh!) Bitch I'ma kill you, I ain't done this ain't the chorus I ain't even drug you in the woods yet to paint the forest A bloodstain is orange after you wash it three or four times in a tub but that's normal ain't it Norman? Serial killer hidin murder material in a cereal box on top of your stereo Here we go again, we're out of our medicine out of our minds, and we want in yours, let us in Chorus (first line starts "Or I'ma kill you!") [Eminem] Eh-heh, know why I say these things? Cause lady's screams keep creepin in Shady's dreams And the way things seem, I shouldn't have to pay these shrinks this eighty G's a week to say the same things TWEECE! TWICE? Whatever, I hate these things Fuck shots! I hope the weed'll outweigh these drinks Motherfuckers want me to come on their radio shows just to argue with 'em cause their ratings stink? FUCK THAT! I'll choke radio announcer to bouncer from fat bitch to off seventy-thousand pounds of her from principal to the student body and counselor from in-school to before school to out of school I don't even believe in breathin I'm leavin air in your lungs just to hear you keep screamin for me to seep it OKAY, I'M READY TO GO PLAY I GOT THE MACHETE FROM O.J. I'M READY TO MAKE EVERYONE'S THROATS ACHE You faggots keep eggin me on til I have you at knifepoint, then you beg me to stop? SHUT UP! Give me your hands and feet I said SHUT UP when I'm talkin to you YOU HEAR ME? ANSWER ME! Chorus (first line starts "Or I'ma kill you!" 	ninth line starts "Bitch I'ma kill you!") [Eminem] Hahaha, I'm just playin ladies You know I love you The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Eminem f/ Dido Album: The Marshall Mathers LP Song: Stan Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Chorus: Dido My tea's gone cold I'm wondering why I.. got out of bed at all The morning rain clouds up my window.. and I can't see at all And even if I could it'll all be gray, but your picture on my wall It reminds me, that it's not so bad, it's not so bad.. 1st Chorus: volume gradually grows over raindrop background 2nd Chorus: full volume with beat right after "thunder" noise [Eminem as 'Stan'] Dear Slim, I wrote but you still ain't callin I left my cell, my pager, and my home phone at the bottom I sent two letters back in autumn, you must not-a got 'em There probably was a problem at the post office or somethin Sometimes I scribble addresses too sloppy when I jot 'em but anyways; fuck it, what's been up? Man how's your daughter? My girlfriend's pregnant too, I'm bout to be a father If I have a daughter, guess what I'ma call her? I'ma name her Bonnie I read about your Uncle Ronnie too I'm sorry I had a friend kill himself over some bitch who didn't want him I know you probably hear this everyday, but I'm your biggest fan I even got the underground shit that you did with Skam I got a room full of your posters and your pictures man I like the shit you did with Rawkus too, that shit was fat Anyways, I hope you get this man, hit me back, just to chat, truly yours, your biggest fan This is Stan {Chorus: Dido} [Eminem as 'Stan'] Dear Slim, you still ain't called or wrote, I hope you have a chance I ain't mad - I just think it's FUCKED UP you don't answer fans If you didn't wanna talk to me outside your concert you didn't have to, but you coulda signed an autograph for Matthew That's my little brother man, he's only six years old We waited in the blistering cold for you, four hours and you just said, "No." That's pretty shitty man - you're like his fuckin idol He wants to be just like you man, he likes you more than I do I ain't that mad though, I just don't like bein lied to Remember when we met in Denver - you said if I'd write you you would write back - see I'm just like you in a way I never knew my father neither; he used to always cheat on my mom and beat her I can relate to what you're saying in your songs so when I have a shitty day, I drift away and put 'em on cause I don't really got shit else so that shit helps when I'm depressed I even got a tattoo of your name across the chest Sometimes I even cut myself to see how much it bleeds It's like adrenaline, the pain is such a sudden rush for me See everything you say is real, and I respect you cause you tell it My girlfriend's jealous cause I talk about you 24/7 But she don't know you like I know you Slim, no one does She don't know what it was like for people like us growin up You gotta call me man, I'll be the biggest fan you'll ever lose Sincerely yours, Stan -- P.S. We should be together too {Chorus: Dido} [Eminem as 'Stan'] Dear Mister-I'm-Too-Good-To-Call-Or-Write-My-Fans, this'll be the last package I ever send your ass It's been six months and still no word - I don't deserve it? I know you got my last two letters; I wrote the addresses on 'em perfect So this is my cassette I'm sending you, I hope you hear it I'm in the car right now, I'm doing 90 on the freeway Hey Slim, I drank a fifth of vodka, you dare me to drive? You know the song by Phil Collins, "In the Air of the Night" about that guy who coulda saved that other guy from drowning but didn't, then Phil saw it all, then at a a show he found him? That's kinda how this is, you coulda rescued me from drowning Now it's too late - I'm on a 1000 downers now, I'm drowsy and all I wanted was a lousy letter or a call I hope you know I ripped +ALL+ of your pictures off the wall I love you Slim, we coulda been together, think about it You ruined it now, I hope you can't sleep and you dream about it And when you dream I hope you can't sleep and you SCREAM about it I hope your conscience EATS AT YOU and you can't BREATHE without me See Slim; {*screaming*} Shut up bitch! I'm tryin to talk! Hey Slim, that's my girlfriend screamin in the trunk but I didn't slit her throat, I just tied her up, see I ain't like you cause if she suffocates she'll suffer more, and then she'll die too Well, gotta go, I'm almost at the bridge now Oh shit, I forgot, how'm I supposed to send this shit out? {*car tires squeal*} {*CRASH*} .. {*brief silence*} .. {*LOUD splash*} {Chorus: Dido} [Eminem] Dear Stan, I meant to write you sooner but I just been busy You said your girlfriend's pregnant now, how far along is she? Look, I'm really flattered you would call your daughter that and here's an autograph for your brother, I wrote it on the Starter cap I'm sorry I didn't see you at the show, I musta missed you Don't think I did that shit intentionally just to diss you But what's this shit you said about you like to cut your wrists too? I say that shit just clownin dogg, c'mon - how fucked up is you? You got some issues Stan, I think you need some counseling to help your ass from bouncing off the walls when you get down some And what's this shit about us meant to be together? That type of shit'll make me not want us to meet each other I really think you and your girlfriend need each other or maybe you just need to treat her better I hope you get to read this letter, I just hope it reaches you in time before you hurt yourself, I think that you'll be doin just fine if you relax a little, I'm glad I inspire you but Stan why are you so mad? Try to understand, that I do want you as a fan I just don't want you to do some crazy shit I seen this one shit on the news a couple weeks ago that made me sick Some dude was drunk and drove his car over a bridge and had his girlfriend in the trunk, and she was pregnant with his kid and in the car they found a tape, but they didn't say who it was to Come to think about, his name was.. it was you Damn! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: (Eminem f/) Paul Rosenberg Album: The Marshall Mathers LP Song: Paul (Skit) Typed by: ÇexyÇy Em, what's goin' on?  It's Paul, errm... Dre gave me a copy of the new album...and I just... {*sighs*} Fuck it The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Eminem Album: The Marshall Mathers LP Song: Who Knew Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash 	I never knew I.. 	I never knew I.. Mic check one-two 	I never knew I.. Who woulda knew? 	I never knew I.. Who'da known? 	I never knew I.. Fuck would've thought 	I never knew I.. Motherfucker comes out 	I never knew I.. and sells a couple of million records 	I never knew I.. And these motherfuckers hit the ceiling 	I never knew I.. [Eminem] I don't do black music, I don't do white music I make fight music, for high school kids I put lives at risk when I drive like this {*tires screech*} I put wives at risk with a knife like this (AHHH!!) Shit, you probably think I'm in your tape deck now I'm in the back seat of your truck, with duct tape stretched out Ducked the fuck way down, waitin to straight jump out put it over your mouth, and grab you by the face, what now? Oh - you want me to watch my mouth, how? Take my fuckin eyeballs out, and turn em around? Look - I'll burn your fuckin house down, circle around and hit the hydrant, so you can't put your burning furniture out (Oh my God! Oh my God!) I'm sorry, there must be a mix-up You want me to fix up lyrics while the President gets his dick sucked? {*ewwww*} Fuck that, take drugs, rape sluts Make fun of gay clubs, men who wear make-up Get aware, wake up, get a sense of humor Quit tryin to censor music, this is for your kid's amusement (The kids!) But don't blame me when lil' Eric jumps off of the terrace You shoulda been watchin him - apparently you ain't parents Chorus: Eminem Cause I never knew I, knew I would get this big I never knew I, knew I'd effect this kid I never knew I'd, get him to slit his wrist I never knew I'd, get him to hit this bitch I never knew I, knew I would get this big I never knew I, knew I'd effect this kid I never knew I'd, get him to slit his wrist I never knew I'd, get him to hit this bitch [Eminem] So who's bringin the guns in this country? (Hmm?) I couldn't sneak a plastic pellet gun through customs over in London And last week, I seen a Schwarzaneggar movie where he's shootin all sorts of these motherfuckers with a uzi I sees three little kids, up in the front row, screamin "Go," with their 17-year-old Uncle I'm like, "Guidance - ain't they got the same moms and dads who got mad when I asked if they liked violence?" And told me that my tape taught 'em to swear What about the make-up you allow your 12-year-old daughter to wear? (Hmm?) So tell me that your son doesn't know any cuss words when his bus driver's screamin at him, fuckin him up worse ("Go sit the fuck down, you little fuckin prick!") And fuck was the first word I ever learned up in the third grade, flippin the gym teacher the bird (Look!) So read up, about how I used to get beat up peed on, be on free lunch, and change school every 3 months My life's like kinda what my wife's like (what?) Fucked up after I beat her fuckin ass every night, Ike So how much easier would life be if 19 million motherfuckers grew to be just like me? Chorus [Eminem] 	I never knew I.. knew I'd.. have a new house or a new car A couple years ago I was more poorer than you are I don't got that bad of a mouth, do I? Fuck shit ass bitch cunt, shooby-de-doo-wop (what?) Skibbedy-be-bop, a-Christopher Reeves Sonny Bono, skis horses and hittin some trees (HEY!) How many retards'll listen to me and run up in the school shootin when they're pissed at a teach-er, her, him, is it you is it them? "Wasn't me, Slim Shady said to do it again!" Damn! How much damage can you do with a pen? Man I'm just as fucked up as you woulda been if you woulda been, in my shoes, who woulda thought Slim Shady would be somethin that you woulda bought that woulda made you get a gun and shoot at a cop I just said it - I ain't know if you'd do it or not Chorus [Eminem] How the fuck was I supposed to know? The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Eminem Album: The Marshall Mathers LP Song: Steve Berman Typed by: ÇexyÇy {*door creaks open*} {*background music "What's The Difference" by Dr. Dre*} [Eminem] 'eyyy! [Steve] Hey Em, what's up? [Eminem] Steve Berman. What's goin' on, man, how you doin'?  	 Good to see you again. What's up? [Steve] Em, could you come in here and have a seat, please? [Eminem] Umm, yeah, what's... [Steve] Vanessa? Shut the door [Vanessa] Okay {*door creaks shut*} [Eminem] So what's up? How's orders looking for the first week? [Steve] It would be better if you gave me nothing at all [Eminem] Wh... [Steve] This album is less than nothing. I can't sell this fucking record [Eminem] Wha... [Steve] Do you know what's happening to me out there? [Eminem] Wh-wha-what's the problem? [Steve] Violent Ground told me to go fuck myself! [Eminem] Who's Violent...? [Steve] Tower Records told me to shove this record up my ass!  	 Do you know what it feels like  	 to be told to have a record shoved up your ass? [Eminem] But, I... [Steve] I'm gonna lose my fuckin' job over this  	 You know why Dre's record was so successful?  	 He's rappin' about big-screen T.V.s, blunts, 40's and bitches.  	 You're rappin' about homosexuals and Vicadin [Eminem] I mean- [Steve] I can't sell this shit! [Eminem] What... [Steve] Either change the record or it's not coming out! [Eminem] What, I... [Steve] Now get the fuck out of my office! [Eminem] What am I supposed... [Steve] NOW! [Eminem] Alright man.... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Eminem Album: The Marhsall Mathers LP Song: The Way I Am Typed by: gangstarr@mindless.com, OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Eminem] Whatever.. Dre, just let it run Aiyyo turn the beat up a little bit Aiyyo.. this song is for anyone.. fuck it  Just shut up and listen, aiyyo.. I sit back with this pack of Zig Zags and this bag of this weed it gives me the shit needed to be the most meanest MC on this -- on this Earth And since birth I've been cursed with this curse to just curse And just blurt this berserk and bizarre shit that works And it sells and it helps in itself to relieve all this tension dispensin these sentences Gettin this stress that's been eatin me recently off of this chest and I rest again peacefully (peacefully).. but at least have the decency in you to leave me alone, when you freaks see me out  in the streets when I'm eatin or feedin my daughter to not come and speak to me (speak to me).. I don't know you and no,  I don't owe you a mo-therfuck-in thing I'm not Mr. N'Sync, I'm not what your friends think I'm not Mr. Friendly, I can be a prick if you tempt me my tank is on empty (is on empty).. No patience is in me and if you offend me  I'm liftin you 10 feet (liftin you 10 feet).. in the air  I don't care who is there and who saw me destroy you Go call you a lawyer, file you a lawsuit I'll smile in the courtroom and buy you a wardrobe I'm tired of all you (of all you).. I don't mean to be mean but that's all I can be is just me Chorus: Eminem And I am, whatever you say I am If I wasn't, then why would I say I am? In the paper, the news everyday I am Radio won't even play my jam Cause I am, whatever you say I am If I wasn't, then why would I say I am? In the paper, the news everyday I am I don't know it's just the way I am [Eminem] Sometimes I just feel like my father, I hate to be bothered with all of this nonsense it's constant And, "Oh, it's his lyrical content - - the song 'Guilty Conscience' has gotten such rotten responses" And all of this controversy circles me and it seems like the media immediately points a finger at me (finger at me).. So I point one back at 'em, but not the index or pinkie or the ring or the thumb, it's the one you put up when you don't give a fuck, when you won't just put up with the bullshit they pull, cause they full of shit too When a dude's gettin bullied and shoots up his school and they blame it on Marilyn (on Marilyn).. and the heroin Where were the parents at? And look where it's at Middle America, now it's a tragedy Now it's so sad to see, an upper class ci-ty havin this happenin (this happenin).. then attack Eminem cause I rap this way (rap this way).. But I'm glad cause they feed me the fuel that I need for the fire  to burn and it's burnin and I have returned Chorus [Eminem] I'm so sick and tired of bein admired that I wish that I would just die or get fired and dropped from my label and stop with the fables I'm not gonna be able to top on "My Name is.." And pigeon-holed into some pop-py sensation to cop me rotation at rock'n'roll stations And I just do not got the patience (got the patience).. to deal with these cocky caucasians who think I'm some wigger who just tries to be black cause I talk  with an accent, and grab on my balls, so they always keep askin  the same fuckin questions (fuckin questions).. What school did I go to, what hood I grew up in The why, the who what when, the where, and the how 'til I'm grabbin my hair and I'm tearin it out cause they drivin me crazy (drivin me crazy).. I can't take it  I'm racin, I'm pacin, I stand and I sit And I'm thankful for ev-ery fan that I get But I can't take a SHIT, in the bathroom without someone standin by it No I won't sign your autograph You can call me an asshole I'm glad Chorus (except change first word "And" to "Cause") The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Eminem Album: The Marshall Mathers LP Song: The Real Slim Shady Typed by: Ghettofabulous98@hotmail.com, OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Eminem] May I have your attention please? May I have your attention please? Will the real Slim Shady please stand up? I repeat, will the real Slim Shady please stand up? We're gonna have a problem here.. Y'all act like you never seen a white person before Jaws all on the floor like Pam, like Tommy just burst in the door and started whoopin her ass worse than before they first were divorce, throwin her over furniture (Ahh!) It's the return of the... "Ah, wait, no way, you're kidding,  he didn't just say what I think he did, did he?" And Dr. Dre said... nothing you idiots!  Dr. Dre's dead, he's locked in my basement! (Ha-ha!) Feminist women love Eminem {*vocal turntable:  chigga chigga chigga*} "Slim Shady, I'm sick of him Look at him, walkin around grabbin his you-know-what Flippin the you-know-who," "Yeah, but he's so cute though!" Yeah, I probably got a couple of screws up in my head loose But no worse, than what's goin on in your parents' bedrooms Sometimes, I wanna get on TV and just let loose, but can't but it's cool for Tom Green to hump a dead moose "My bum is on your lips, my bum is on your lips" And if I'm lucky, you might just give it a little kiss And that's the message that we deliver to little kids And expect them not to know what a woman's clitoris is Of course they gonna know what intercourse is By the time they hit fourth grade They got the Discovery Channel don't they? "We ain't nothing but mammals.." Well, some of us cannibals who cut other people open like cantaloupes {*SLURP*} But if we can hump dead animals and antelopes then there's no reason that a man and another man can't elope {*EWWW!*} But if you feel like I feel, I got the antidote Women wave your pantyhose, sing the chorus and it goes Chorus: Eminem (repeat 2X) I'm Slim Shady, yes I'm the real Shady All you other Slim Shadys are just imitating So won't the real Slim Shady please stand up, please stand up, please stand up? [Eminem] Will Smith don't gotta cuss in his raps to sell his records; well I do, so fuck him and fuck you too! You think I give a damn about a Grammy? Half of you critics can't even stomach me, let alone stand me "But Slim, what if you win, wouldn't it be weird?" Why? So you guys could just lie to get me here? So you can, sit me here next to Britney Spears? Shit, Christina Aguilera better switch me chairs so I can sit next to Carson Daly and Fred Durst and hear 'em argue over who she gave head to first You little bitch, put me on blast on MTV "Yeah, he's cute, but I think he's married to Kim, hee-hee!" I should download her audio on MP3  and show the whole world how you gave Eminem VD {*AHHH!*} I'm sick of you little girl and boy groups, all you do is annoy me so I have been sent here to destroy you {*bzzzt*} And there's a million of us just like me who cuss like me; who just don't give a fuck like me who dress like me; walk, talk and act like me and just might be the next best thing but not quite me! Chorus [Eminem] I'm like a head trip to listen to, cause I'm only givin you  things you joke about with your friends inside your living room The only difference is I got the balls to say it in front of y'all and I don't gotta be false or sugarcoated at all I just get on the mic and spit it  and whether you like to admit it {*ERR*} I just shit it better than ninety percent of you rappers out can Then you wonder how can kids eat up these albums like valiums It's funny; cause at the rate I'm goin when I'm thirty I'll be the only person in the nursin home flirting Pinchin nurses asses when I'm jackin off with Jergens And I'm jerkin but this whole bag of Viagra isn't working And every single person is a Slim Shady lurkin He could be workin at Burger King, spittin on your onion rings {*HACH*} Or in the parkin lot, circling Screaming "I don't give a fuck!"  with his windows down and his system up So, will the real Shady please stand up? And put one of those fingers on each hand up? And be proud to be outta your mind and outta control and one more time, loud as you can, how does it go? Chorus 2X [Eminem] Ha ha Guess there's a Slim Shady in all of us Fuck it, let's all stand up The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Eminem f/ RBX, Sticky Fingaz Album: The Marshall Mathers LP Song: Remember Me? Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash {*spray can being shook up, then sprayed several different times*} [RBX] Remember me? ("Seven executions") Remember me? ("I have no remorse") Remember me? ("I'm 'High Powered'") Remember me? ("I drop bombs like Hiroshima") For this one it's the X, you retarded? Cause I grab the mic and get DOWN, like Syndrome Hide and roam into the masses, without boundaries which qualifies me for the term "universal" Without no rehearsal, I leak words that's controversial Like I'm not, the one you wanna contest, see cause I'll hit yo' ass like the train did that bitch  that got "Banned From TV" -- heavyweight hitter Hit you watch your whole head split up Loco-is-the-motion, we comin through Hollow tips is the lead, the .45 threw [Sticky Fingaz] Remember me? ("Throw ya gunz in the air!") Remember me? ("Slam! Slam!") Remember me? ("Nigga 'Bacdafucup'") Remember me? ("Chka-chka-Onyx!") Niggaz that take no for an answer, get told no Yeah I been told no but it was more like, "No, no, no!!!" Life a bitch that'll fuck you if you let her Better come better than better to be a competitor this vet is ahead of, the shit is all redder, you deader and deader A medic instead-a the cheddar's incredda' Settle vendetta with metal beretta from ghetto to ghetto Evidence? NOPE! Never leave a shred-of I got the soul of every rapper in me, love me or hate me My moms got raped by the industry and made me I'm the illest nigga ever, I told you I get more pussy than them dyke bitches Total Want beef, nigga? PBBT! You better dead that shit My name should be "Can't-Believe-That-Nigga-Said-That-Shit" Probably sayin, "He ain't a killer", but I'm killin myself Smoke death, fuck bitches raw, on the kitchen floor So think what I'ma do to you, have done to you Got niggaz in my hood who'd do that shit for a blunt or two What you wanna do, cocksuckers? We glock busters 'Til the cops cuff us, we'll start ruckus and drop blockbusters 'Round the clock hustlers, you cannot touch us I'm gettin wires niggaz wantin me dead, wantin my head You think it could be somethin I said? {*echoes*} [Eminem] Remember me? ("I just don't give a fuck!") Remember me? ("Yeah, fuck you too!") Remember me? ("I'm low down and I'm shifty!") Remember me? ("I'm Shady!") When I go out, I'ma go out shootin I don't mean when I die, I mean when I go out to the club, stupid I'm tryin to clear up my fuckin' image,  so I promised the fuckin critics I wouldn't say "fuckin" for six minutes (*click* Six minutes, Slim Shady, you're on) My baby's mom, bitch made me an angry blonde So I made me a song, killed her and put Hailie on I may be wrong, I keep thinkin these crazy thoughts in my cranium, but I'm stuck with a crazy mom ("Is she really on as much dope as you say she's on?") Came home, and somebody musta broke in the back window and stole two loaded machine guns and both of my trenchcoats Sick sick dreams of picnic scenes, two kids, sixteen with M-16's and ten clips each And them shits reach through six kids each And Slim gets blamed in Bill Clint's speech to fix these streets? FUCK THAT! PBBT! You faggots can vanish to volcanic ash and re-appear in hell with a can of gas, AND a match Aftermath, Dre, grab the gat, show 'em where it's at (What the fuck you starin at, nigga?) Don't you remember me?! Remember me?!! Remember me??! REMEMBER ME!!!! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Eminem Album: The Marshall Mathers LP Song: I'm Back Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash, obi1one@hotmail.com Chorus: Eminem (repeat 4X) That's why they call me Slim Shady (I'm Back)  I'm Back (I'm Back) [SLIM SHADY!] I'm Back [Eminem] I murder a rhyme one word at a time You never, heard of a mind as perverted as mine You better, get rid of that nine, it ain't gonna help What good's it gonna do against a man that strangles himself? I'm waitin for hell like hell shit I'm anxious as hell Manson, you're safe in that cell, be thankful it's jail I used to be my mommy's little angel at twelve Thirteen I was puttin shells in a gauge on a shelf I used to, get punked and bullied on my block 'til I cut a kitten's head off and stuck it in this kid's mailbox {"Mom! MOM!"} I used to give a - fuck, now I could give a fuck less What do I think of suc-cess? It sucks, too much press I'm stressed Too much stares two breasts, too upset It's just too much mess, I guess I must just blew up quick (yes) Grew up quick (no) was raised right Whatever you say is wrong, whatever I say is right You think of my name now whenever you say, "Hi" Became a commodity because I'm W-H-I- -T-E, cuz MTV was so friendly to me Can't wait 'til Kim sees me Now is it worth it? Look at my life, how is it perfect? Read my lips bitch, what, my mouth isn't workin? You hear this finger? Oh it's upside down Here, let me turn this motherfucker up right now Chorus [Eminem] I take each individual degenerate's head and reach into it just to see if he's influenced by me if he listens to music And if he feeds into this shit he's an innocent victim and becomes a puppet on the string of my tennis shoe  {*vocal scratches*} My name is Slim Shady I been crazy way before radio didn't play me The sensational {*vocal scratch "Back is the incredible!"*} With Ken Kaniff, who just finds the men edible It's Ken Kaniff on the, internet Tryin to, lure your kids with him, into bed It's a, sick world we live in these days "Slim for Pete's sakes put down Christopher Reeve's legs!" Geez, you guys are so sensitive "Slim it's a touchy subject, try and just don't mention it" Mind with no sense in it, fried to get so frenetic whose eyes get so squinted, I'm blind from smokin 'em with my windows tinted, with nine limos rented Doin lines of coke in 'em, with a bunch of guys hoppin out  all high and indo scented {*inhales, exhales*} And that's where I get my name from, that's why they call me Chorus [Eminem] I take seven [kids] from [Columbine], stand 'em all in line Add an AK-47, a revolver, a nine a Mack-11 and it oughta solve the problem of mine and that's a whole school of bullies shot up all at one time Cause (I'mmmm) Shady, they call me as crazy as the world was over this whole Y2K thing And by the way, N'Sync, why do they sing? Am I the only one who realizes they stink? Should I dye my hair pink and care what y'all think? Lip sync and buy a bigger size of earrings? It's why I tend to block out when I hear things Cause all these fans screamin is makin my ears ring (AHHHH!!!) So I just, throw up a middle finger and let it linger longer than the rumor that I was stickin it to Christina Cause if I ever stuck it to any singer in showbiz it'd be Jennifer Lopez, and Puffy you know this! I'm sorry Puff, but I don't give a fuck if this chick was my own mother I still fuck her with no rubber and cum inside her and have a son and a new brother at the same time and just say that it ain't mine, what's my name? Chorus [Eminem {*vocal scratching*}] Guess who's b-back, back Gue-gue-guess who's back (Hi mom!) {*scratch*} Guess who's back {*scratch*} Gue {*scratch*} guess who's back D-12 {*scratch*} Guess who's back Gue, gue-gue-gue, guess who's back Dr. Dre {*scratch*} Guess who's back Back back {*scratch*} back {*scratch*}  Slim Shady, 2001 I'm blew out from this blunt (*sighs*) fuck The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Eminem Album: The Marshall Mathers LP Song: Marshall Mathers Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Eminem] You know I just don't get it Last year I was nobody This year I'm sellin records Now everybody wants to come around like I owe em somethin Heh, the fuck you want from me, ten million dollars? Get the fuck out of here Chorus One: Eminem You see I'm, just Marshall Mathers (Marshall Mathers) I'm just a regular guy, I don't know why all the fuss about me (fuss about me) Nobody ever gave a fuck before, all they did was doubt me (did was doubt me) Now everybody wanna run they mouth and try to take shots at me (take shots at me) [Eminem] Yo, you might see me joggin, you might see me walkin You might see me walkin a dead rottweiler dog with it's head chopped off in the park with a spiked collar hollerin at him cause the son of a bitch won't quit barkin (grrrr, ARF ARF) Or leanin out a window, with a cocked shotgun Drivin up the block in the car that they shot 'Pac in Lookin for Big's killers, dressed in ridiculous blue and red like I don't see what the big deal is Double barrel twelve gauge bigger than Chris Wallace Pissed off, cause Biggie and 'Pac just missed all this Watchin all these cheap imitations get rich off 'em and get dollars that shoulda been there's like they switched wallets And amidst all this Crist' poppin and wristwatches I had to sit back and just watch and just get nauseous and walk around with an empty bottle of Remi Martin startin shit like some 26-year-old skinny Cartman ("God damnit!") I'm anti-Backstreet and Ricky Martin with instincts to kill N'Sync, don't get me started These fuckin brats can't sing and Britney's garbage What's this bitch retarded? Gimme back my sixteen dollars All I see is sissies in magazines smiling Whatever happened to whylin out and bein violent? Whatever happened to catchin a good-ol' fashioned passionate ass-whoopin and gettin your shoes coat and your hat tooken? New Kids on the Block, sucked a lot of dick Boy/girl groups make me sick And I can't wait 'til I catch all you faggots in public I'ma love it.. (hahaha) Vanilla Ice don't like me (uh-uh) Said some shit in Vibe to spite me (yup) Then went and dyed his hair just like me (hehe) A bunch of little kids wanna swear just like me and run around screamin, "I don't care, just bite me" (nah nah) I think I was put here to annoy the world and destroy your little 4-year-old boy or girl Plus I was put here to put fear in faggots who spray Faygo Root Beer and call themselves "Clowns" cause they look queer Faggot2Dope and Silent Gay Claimin Detroit, when y'all live twenty miles away (fuckin punks) And I don't wrestle, I'll knock you fuckin faggots the fuck out Ask 'em about the club they was at when they snuck out after they ducked out the back when they saw us and bugged out (AHHH!) Ducked down and got paintballs shot at they truck, blaow! Look at y'all runnin your mouth again when you ain't seen a fuckin Mile Road, South of 10 And I don't need help, from D-12, to beat up two females in make-up, who may try to scratch me with Lee Nails "Slim Anus," you damn right, Slim Anus I don't get fucked in mine like you two little flaming faggots! Chorus Two: Eminem Cause I'm, just Marshall Mathers (Marshall Mathers) I'm not a wrestler guy, I'll knock you out if you talk about me (you talk about me) Come and see me on the streets alone if you assholes doubt me (assholes doubt me) And if you wanna run your mouth then come take your best shot at me (your best shot at me) [Eminem] Is it because you love me that y'all expect so much of me? You little groupie bitch, get off me, go fuck Puffy Now because of this blonde mop that's on top and this fucked up head that I've got, I've gone pop? The underground just spunned around and did a 360 Now these kids diss me and act like some big sissies "Oh, he just did some shit with Missy,  so now he thinks he's too big to do some shit with MC Get-Bizzy" My fuckin bitch mom's suin for ten million She must want a dollar for every pill I've been stealin Shit, where the fuck you think I picked up the habit? All I had to do was go in her room and lift up her mattress Which is it bitch, Mrs. Briggs or Ms. Mathers? It doesn't matter your [attorney Fred Gibson's a] faggot! Talkin about I fabricated my past He's just aggravated I won't ejaculate in his ass (Uhh!) So tell me, what the hell is a fella to do? For every million I make, another relative sues Family fightin and fussin over who wants to invite me to supper All the sudden, I got 90 some cousins (Hey it's me!) A half-brother and sister who never seen me or even bothered to call me until they saw me on TV Now everybody's so happy and proud I'm finally allowed to step foot in my girlfriend's house Hey-hey! And then to top it off, I walked to the newsstand to buy this cheap-ass little magazine with a food stamp Skipped to the last page, flipped right fast and what do I see? A picture of my big white ass Okay, let me give you motherfuckers some help: uhh, here - DOUBLE XL, DOUBLE XL Now your magazine shouldn't have so much trouble to sell Ahh fuck it, I'll even buy a couple myself Chorus One (2X) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Eminem Album: The Marshall Mathers LP Song: Ken Kaniff Typed by: ÇexyÇy {* This is a diss against Violent J and Shaggy 2 Dope from ICP  These people do NOT actually feature on this track *} {* Soft romantic piano music playing in background *} {* Over zealous sarcastic sucking sounds *} [Ken Kaniff] 	Uhhhh 		Yeah 		Oh suck it 		Oh fuck yeah! 		Oh Shaggy 		Uhh, this is why they call you 2 Dope ain't it? 		Oh fuck yeah! 		Okay now take it out, take it out 		Now give some to Jay 		Oh Violent Jay 		Don't Bite it, don't be violent with it 		Now just suck it, nice and slow yeah 		Uhhhh, Oh fuck yeah, you've got uh... 		Now give it back to Shaggy 		He was suckin' it better 		Uhh, now say my name [Shaggy]	{whispering} 		Eminem [Ken Kaniff]	Say my name. {* Soft romantic piano music ends abruptly with a dischord *} [Shaggy]	{whispering} 		Eminem [Ken Kaniff] WHAT? 		Oh fuck you guys!  		Give me my dick back!  		{Ken zips up his trousers} 		Fuck you guys!  		If you want Eminem 		You can HAVE Eminem! 		Fuck you guys, I'm leavin'! [Shaggy]	Ken Wait! 		Uhhh, damn!  [Violent Jay]	Nice going Shaggy! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Eminem f/ Dina Rae Album: The Marshall Mathers LP Song: Drug Ballad Typed by: nryan10@hotmail.com [Dina] Yeaaah, hahahaha... whooooo, shit! Mmmmm.. {*harmonizing*} [Em] (aight) [Em] Guess what? I ain't coming in yet... 	 I'll come in a minute [Em] Aiyyo; this is my love song, it goes like this [Eminem] Back when Mark Walhberg was Marky Mark This is how we used to make the party start We used to, mix Hen' with Bacardi Dark And when it, kicks in you can hardly talk And by the, sixth gin you're gon' probably crawl And you'll be, sick then and you'll probably barf And my pre-diction is you're gon' probably fall either somewhere in the lobby or the hallway wall And every-thing's spinnin, you're beginnin to think women  are swimmin in pink linen again in the sink Then in a couple of minutes that bottle of Guinness is finished You are now allowed to officially slap bitches You have the right to remain violent and start wilin Start a fight with the same guy that was smart eyein you Get in your car, start it, and start drivin over the island and cause a 42 car pile-up {*spaceman voice*} Earth calling, pilot to co-pilot Look at the life on this planet sir, no sign of it All I can see is a bunch of smoke flyin And I'm so high that I might die if I go by it Let me out of this place, I'm outta place I'm in outer space, I've just vanished without a trace I'm going to a pretty place now where the flowers grow I'll be back in an hour or so [Chorus: Eminem] + (Dina Rae) Cause every time I go to try to leave (Whoa-ohh!) Somethin keeps pullin on my sleeve (Whoa-ohh!) I don't wanna, but I gotta stay (Whoa-ohh!) These drugs really got ahold of me (Whoa-ohh!) Cause every time I try to tell them, "No" (No-ohh!) They won't let me ever let them go (Go-ohh!) I'ma sucka all I gotta say (Whoa-ohh!) is drugs really got a hold of me (Whoa-ohh!) [Eminem] In third grade, all I used to do was sniff glue through a tube and play Rubix Cube Seventeen years later I'm as Rude as Jude Schemin on the first chick with the hugest boobs I've got no game, and every face looks the same They've got no name, so I don't need game to play I just say whatever I want to whoever I want Whenever I want, wherever I want, however I want However, I do show some respect to few This ecstacy's, got me standin next to you Getting sentimental as fuck spillin guts to you We just met, but I think I'm in love with you But you're on it too, so you tell me you love me too Wake up in the mornin like "Yo, what the fuck we do?" I gotta go bitch, you know I have stuff to do Cause if I get caught cheatin then I'm stuck with you But in the long run These drugs are probably going to catch up sooner or later But fuck it, I'm on one So let's enjoy, let the X destroy your spinal cord So it's not a straight line no more Til we walk around looking like some wind-up dolls Shit's stickin out of our backs like a dinosaur Shit, six hits won't even get me high no more So bye for now, I'm goin to try to find some more Chorus [Eminem] That's the sound of a bottle when it's hollow When you swallow it all wollow and drown in your sorrow And tomorrow you're probably gonna want to do it again What's a little spinal fluid between you and a friend? Screw it And what's a little bit of alcohol poisoning? And what's a little fight? Tomorrow you'll be boys again It's your life, live it however you wanna Mari-ju-uana is everywhere, where was you brought up? It don't matter as long as you get where you're goin Cause none of this shit is gonna mean shit where we're goin They tell you to stop, but you just sit there ignorin Even though you wake up feelin like shit every mornin But you're young, you've got a lot of drugs to do Girls to screw, parties to crash, sucks to be you If I could take it all back now, I wouldn't I would have did more shit that people said that I shouldn't But I'm all grown up now and upgraded and graduated to better drugs and updated But I still got a lot of growin up to do I still got a whole lot of throwin up to spew But when it's all said and done I'll be 40 before I know it with a 40 on the porch tellin stories with a bottle of Jack, two grandkids in my lap Babysiting for Hailey while Hailey's out gettin smashed Chorus 2X Drugs really got a hold of me They really got a hold of me Cause drugs really got ah old of me They really got a hold of me The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Eminem f/ Bizarre (D-12) Album: The Marshall Mathers LP Song: Amityville Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash 	(kill kill kill) Dahh-dum, dahh-dum.. dum Dahh-dum, dahh-dum, duh-da-da-da-da 	(kill kill kill) Dahh-dum, dahh-dum.. dum Dahh-dum, dahh-dum, dumm.. 	(kill kill kill) Chorus: Eminem Mentally illll from Amityvilllle (ILLLL) Accidentally killll your family stillll Thinkin he won't? God-damnit he willll (HE'SSSS) Mentally illll from Amityvilllle  [Eminem] I get lifted and spin til I'm half-twisted Feet planted and stand with a grin full of chapped lipstick {*SMACK*} Pen full of ink, think sinful and rap sick shit Shrink pencil me in for my last visit Drink gin til my chin's full of splashed whiskers {*whoosh*} Hash whiskey and ash til I slap bitches {*smack*} Ask Bizzy, he's been here the past six years Mash with me you'll get in imagine this Chorus 2X [Bizarre] I fucked my cousin in his asshole, slit my mother's throat {*AHHHHHHHH!*} Guess who Slim Shady just signed to Interscope? My little sister's birthday, she'll remember me For a gift I had ten of my boys take her virginity {*Mmm mm mmm!*} And bitches know me as a horny-ass freak Their mother wasn't raped, I ate her pussy while she was 'sleep Pissy-drunk, throwin up in the urinal (YOU FUCKIN HOMO!) That's what I said at my dad's funeral Chorus 2X [Eminem] That's why the city is filled with a bunch of fuckin idiots still (still) That's why the first motherfucker poppin some shit he gets killed (killed) That's why we don't call it Detroit, we call it Amityville ('Ville) You can get capped after just havin a cavity filled (filled) Ahahahaha, that's why we're crowned the murder capital still (still) This ain't Detroit, this is motherfuckin Hamburger Hill! (Hill!) We don't do drivebys, we park in front of houses and shoot and when the police come we fuckin shoot it out with them too! That's the mentality here (here) that's the reality here (here) Did I just hear somebody say they wanna challenge me here?? (huh?) While I'm holdin a pistol with this many calibres here?? (here??) Plus some registration that just made this shit valid this year? (year?) Cause once I snap I can't be held accountable for my actions That's when accidents happen, when a thousand bullets come at your house and collapse the foundation around you and they found you and your family in it (AHHHHH!)  GOT DAMNIT HE MEANT IT WHEN HE TELLS YOU Chorus 2X Dum, tahh-dum.. ta-dah-da Dum, tahh-dum.. ta-dah-da Dum, tahh-dum.. ta-dah-da Dum, tahh-dum.. ta-dah-da Dum, tahh-dum.. ta-dah-da Dum, tahh-dum.. ta-dah-da Dum, tahh-dum.. ta-dah-da Dum, tahh-dum.. ta-dah-da Dum.. Artist: Eminem f/ Dr. Dre, Nate Dogg, Snoop Dogg, Xzibit Album: The Marshall Mathers LP Song: Bitch Please II Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Dre]	Yeah whattup Detroit? [Snoop]	Nu-uh, nu-uh nuh-no he didn't! 	Ahhh! They didn't do it again, 	what-what, what-what? 	Did you shit on these niggaz two times Dr. Dre? [Dre]	Oh fo' sho'! [Snoop]	Uh-uh, naw, ya smell that? 	This is special right here 	What-what, what-what-what? 	Yeah, it's a toast to the boogie baby 	Uhh, to the boogie-oogie-oogie 	Yeah, y'know! What's crackin Dre? [Dr. Dre] Just let me lay back and kick some mo' simplistic pimp shit on Slim's shit and start riots like Limp Bizkit (Limp Bizkit) Throw on 'Guilty Conscience' at concerts and watch mosh pits til motherfuckers knock each other unconcious (Watch out now!) Some of these crowds that Slim draws is rowdy as Crenshaw Boulevard when it's packed and fulla cars Some of these crowds me and Snoop draw +IS+ niggaz from Crenshaw from Long Beach to South Central  {*LOUD SCREAM*} Whoa, not these niggaz again These grown-ass ignorant men with hair-triggers again (Hehe) You and what army could harm me? D-R-E and Shady, with Doggy from Long Beach (East-syde!) Came a long way, to makin these songs play It'll be a wrong move, to stare at me the wrong way I got a long uz', and I carry it all day (Blaow!) Sometimes it's like a nightmare, just bein Andre but I.. [Snoop Dogg] somehow, someway - tell 'em, nigga You know about Dogg-ay (Snoop Dogg) Now let me cut these niggaz up and show em where da fuck I'm comin from I get the party crackin from the shit that I be spittin son Hit-and-run, get it done, get the funds, split and run Got about fifty guns, and I love all of 'em the same - bang bang! Damn baby girl what's your name? I forgot - what'd you say it was? Damn a nigga buzzed Hangin in the club, with my nephew Eminem (Whassup Slim?) Whattup cuz? (Whattup Snoop?) The Great White American Hope, done hooked up with the King of the motherfuckin West coast, bay-bayy! Chorus: Nate Dogg (+Snoop) And you don't really wanna fuck, with me Only nigga that I trust, is me Fuck around and make me bust, this heat [Snoop] That's, the devil, they always wanna dance [Xzibit] I'm the Head Nigga In Charge, I'm watchin you move You're found dead in your garage, with ten o'clock news coverage Gotta love it, cause I expose the facade Your little lungs is too small to hotbox with God All jokes aside, come bounce with us Standin over you with a twelve gauge, about to bust It's like ashes to ashes and dust to dust I might leave in the bodybag, but never in cuffs So who do you trust? They just not rugged enough When things get rough I'm in the club shootin with Puff Bitch, please - you must have a mental disease Assume the position and get back down on your knees - c'mon Chorus 2X [Eminem - impersonating Snoop] Awww naww, big Slim Dogg Eighty pound balls, dick six inch long Back up, in the, heezy BAY-BAY He's Sha-day! [Snoop]	He's so cra-zay! [Eminem] Hahaha! Gimme the mic, let me recite, 'til Timothy White pickets outside the Interscope offices every night What if he's right? I'm just a criminal, makin a living off of the world's misery - what in the world gives me the right to say what I like, and walk around flippin the bird Livin the urban life, like a white kid from the 'burbs Dreamin at night of screamin at mom, schemin to leave Run away from home and grow to be as evil as me I just want you all to notice me and people to see that somewhere deep down, there's a decent human being in me It just can't be found, so the reason you've been seeing this me is cause this is me now, the recent dude who's being this mean So when you see me, dressin up like a nerd on TV or heard the CD usin the fag word so freely it's just me being me, here want me to tone it down? {*LOWER pitch*} Suck my fuckin dick, you faggot You happy now? Look here [Eminem - impersonating Snoop] I start some trouble everywhere that I go (that I go) Ask the bouncers in the club cause they know (cause they know) I start some shit they throw me out the back do' (the back do') Come back and shoot the club up with a fo'-fo' (a fo'-fo') Chorus 2X [Xzibit] 2001 and forever Slim Shady, Dr. Dre, Snoop Dogg, X to the Z, Nate Dogg C'mon, yeah!! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Eminem Album: The Marshall Mathers LP Song: Kim Typed by: Ghettofabulous98@hotmail.com [Eminem] Aww look at daddy's baby girl That's daddy baby Little sleepy head Yesterday I changed your diaper Wiped you and powdered you. How did you get so big? Can't believe it now your two Baby you're so precious Daddy's so proud of you Sit down bitch If you move again I'll beat the shit out of you [Eminem](Eminem as Kim) (Okay) Don't make me wake this baby She don't need to see what I'm about to do Quit crying bitch, why do you always make me shout at you? How could you? Just leave me and love him out the blue Oh, what's a matter Kim? Am I too loud for you? Too bad bitch, your gonna finally hear me out this time At first, I'm like all right You wanna throw me out? That's fine! But not for him to take my place, are you out you're mind? This couch, this TV, this whole house is mine! How could you let him sleep in our bed? Look at Kim Look at your husband now! (No!) I said look at him! He ain't so hot now is he? Little punk! (Why are you doing this?) Shut the fuck up! (You're drunk! You're never going to get away at this!) You think I give a fuck! Come on we're going for a ride bitch (No!) Sit up front (Well I can't just leave Haley alone, what if she wakes up?) We'll be right back Well I will you'll be in the trunk 1 - So long, bitch you did me so wrong  I don't wanna go on  Living in this world without you Repeat 1 You really fucked me Kim You really did a number on me Never knew me cheating on you would come back to haunt me But we was kids then Kim, I was only 18 That was years ago I thought we wiped the slate clean That's fucked up! (I love you!) Oh God my brain is racing (I love you!) What are you doing? Change the station I hate this song! Does this look like a big joke? (No!) There's a four year old boy lyin' dead with a slit throat In your living room, ha-ha What you think I'm kiddin' you? You loved him didn't you? (No!) Bullshit you bitch don't fucking lie to me What the fuck's this guy's problem on the side of me? Fuck you asshole, yeah bite me Kim, KIM! Why don't you like me? You think I'm ugly don't you (It's not that!) No you think I'm ugly (Baby) Get the fuck away from me, don't touch me I HATE YOU! I HATE YOU! I SWEAR TO GOD I HATE YOU OH MY GOD I LOVE YOU How the fuck could you do this to me? (Sorry!) How the fuck could you do this to me? Repeat 1 (2x) Come on get out (I can't I'm scared) I said get out bitch! (Let go of my hair, please don't do this baby) (Please I love you, look we can just take Haley and leave) Fuck you, you did this to us You did it, it's your fault Oh my God I'm crackin' up Get a grip Marshall Hey remember the time we went to Brian's party? And you were like so drunk that you threw up all over Archie That was funny wasn't it? (Yes!) That was funny wasn't it? (Yes!) See it all makes sense, doesn't it? You and your husband have a fight One of you tries to grab a knife And during the struggle he accidentally gets his Adam's apple sliced (No!) And while this is goin' on His son just woke up and he just walks in She panics and he gets his throat cut (Oh my God!) So now they both dead and you slash your own throat So now it's double homicide and suicide with no note I should have known better when you started to act weird We could've...HEY! Where you going? Get back here! You can't run from me Kim It's just us, nobody else! You're only making this harder on yourself Ha! Ha! Got'cha! (Ahh!) Ha! Go ahead yell! Here I'll scream with you! AH SOMEBODY HELP! Don't you get it bitch, no one can hear you? Now shut the fuck up and get what's comin to you You were supposed to love me {*Kim choking*} NOW BLEED! BITCH BLEED! BLEED! BITCH BLEED! BLEED! Repeat 1 (2x) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Eminem f/ D-12 * Album: Marshall Mathers LP Song: Under The Influence Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash, bodyrott@ntlworld.com * M. Mathers, D. Houston, R. Johnson, O. Moore, V. Carlisle, D. Porter:  These rappers are Eminem, Swifty, Bizarre, Proof, Kuniva, and Kon Artis.  They appear in the same order on the song as in the album's liner notes.  Direct any questions to bodyrott@ntlworld.com or webmaster@eminem.com [Eminem]  Translation So you can suck my dick if you don't like, my shit Cause I was high when I wrote this so suck, my dick - ha ha! Two pills I pop, 'til my pupils swell up like two pennies I'm Clint Eastwood in his mid-twenties A young ass man with a trash can strapped to the back of his ass so the rats can't chew through his last pants I'm like a mummy at night, fightin with bright lightning Frightened with five little white Vicadin pills bitin him I'm like a fuckin wasp in the hospital lost Stingin the fuck outta everything I come across in the halls I light a candle and place it up on the mantle Grab a knife at the blade and stab you with the fuckin handle So when you find yourself wrapped up in the blinds, hurtin [Swifty] Bitch it's too late [Eminem] Cause once you're hung from the drapes, it's curtains [Swifty] I'm an instigator, .380 slug penetrator Degradin, creatin murders to kill haters Accused for every crime known through the equator They knew I did it (uh-huh) for havin blood on my 'gators My weed'll hit yo' chest like a double barrel gauge an' I'm a black grenade that'll blow up in yo' face {*BLAM*} With a fifth in me, when I guzzle Remi I do shit on purpose You never hear me say, "Forgive me" I'm snatchin every penny - it gotta be that way nigga, face it That weed I sold to you, Brigade laced it You hidin, I make the president get a facelift Niggaz just afraid, handin me they bracelets Chillin in the lab wasted I'm the type that'll drink Kahlua and gin - throw up on the mic Your life is ruined, you get socked right on site And even at the Million Man March, we gon' fight Chorus: Eminem So you can suck my dick if you don't like, my shit Cause I was high when I wrote this so suck, my dick Cause I don't give a fuck if you don't like, my shit Cause I was high when I wrote this so suck, my dick [Bizarre] I'm a compulsive liar, settin my preacher on fire Slashin your tires, flyin down Fenkel and Meyers Plates expired, soon as I'm hired, I'm fired Jackin my dick off in a bed of barbed wire (Hey, is Bizarre performing?) Bitch didn't you read the flyer? Special invited guest will be, Richard Pryor (Aren't you a male dancer?) Nah bitch, I'm retired Fuckin your bitch in the ass with a tire iron I'm ripped, I'm on an acid trip My DJ's in a coma for lettin the record skip.. {*needle pops*} Lettin the record skip.. {*needle pops*} Lettin the record skip.. {*needle pops*} (Damn!)  {*DJ reverses the record and scratches it back on beat*} I'm fuckin anything when I'm snortin It's gonna cost 300 dollars to get my pit bull an abortion {*dog whines*} Some bitch asked for my autograph I called her a whore, spit beer in her face and laughed I drop bombs like I was in Vietnam All bitches is hoes, even my stinkin ass mom [Proof] Aiyyo flashback, two feets, two deep up in that ass crack Weed laced with somethin {*gun cocks*} nigga pass that In Amsterdam we only hang out with hash rats At a 'Stop the Violence' rally, I blast gats Be your mom on publishin, get your ASCAP-ped The Kuniva, divide up your cash stack Run your motherfuckin pockets, ASAP I don't need a platinum chain, bitch I snatch Shaq's Born loser, half theif and half black Bring your boys and your guns and get laughed at Bitch smacker, rich rappers get they Jag jacked and found chopped up in a trash bag [Kuniva] We stranglin rappers until the point they can't yell cause they crew is full of fags and sweeter than bake sales Reckless, come from behind and snatch your necklace Gruesome, and causin more violence than nine hoodlums I grapple your adam's apple until it crackle Run right past you, turn around, grab you and stab you Get executed, cuz I'm a "Luni" I got a "Yukmouth" and it's polluted I cock it back then shoot it I love snatchin up players thugs and young ballers Shoot up the household, even the young toddlers Brigade barricade to bring the noise While the bullets break your bones up like Christmas toys If I go solo, I'm doin a song with Bolo A big Chinese nigga, screamin "Kuniva yo yo.." I leave ya face leakin, run up in church  and smack the preacher while he's preachin Take a swing at the deacon [Kon Artis] I used to tell cats I sold weed and weight I was straight 'til I got caught sellin em shake I'm ignorant, with the intent to snatch your rent I got kicked out of summer camp for havin sex in my tent with the superintendent's daughter, my brain's out of order I've been a Kon Artis since I was swimmin in water In cahoots with this nigga named Carlisle Von who got fired from UPS for tryin to send you a bomb (Special delivery!) I signed to a local label for fun Say I got cancer, get dropped, take the advancement and run Driveby you in the rain while you carry your son Call your house and hang up on you for not givin me none Born straight up out a pussy but a son of a gun Got a reputation for havin niggaz runnin they funds Used to be the type of nigga that was foldin some one's 'til I met your fat mama, now I'm rollin in dough Chorus [Eminem] Haha.. suck my motherfuckin dick D-12.. Dirty motherfuckin Dozen Nasty like a stank slut bitch with thirty fuckin husbands Bizarre kid Swifty McVeigh The Kon Artis The Kuniva Dirty Harry Haha, and Slim Shady.. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Eminem Album: The Marshall Mathers LP Song: Criminal Typed by: drunken_monkey72@hotmail.com, OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Eminem] A lot of people ask me.. stupid fuckin questions A lot of people think that.. what I say on records or what I talk about on a record, that I actually do in real life or that I believe in it Or if I say that, I wanna kill somebody, that..  I'm actually gonna do it or that I believe in it Well, shit.. if you believe that then I'll kill you You know why? Cuz I'm a CRIMINAL CRIMINAL You god damn right I'm a CRIMINAL Yeah, I'm a CRIMINAL [Eminem] My words are like a dagger with a jagged edge That'll stab you in the head whether you're a fag or lez Or the homosex, hermaph or a trans-a-vest Pants or dress - hate fags? The answer's "yes" Homophobic? Nah, you're just heterophobic Starin at my jeans, watchin my genitals bulgin (Ooh!) That's my motherfuckin balls, you'd better let go of em They belong in my scrotum, you'll never get hold of em Hey, it's me, Versace Whoops, somebody shot me! And I was just checkin the mail Get it? Checkin the 'male'? How many records you expectin to sell after your second LP sends you directly to jail? C'mon!-- Relax guy, I like gay men Right, Ken? Give me an amen (AAA-men!) Please Lord, this boy needs Jesus Heal this child, help us destroy these demons Oh, and please send me a brand new car And a prostitute while my wife's sick in the hospital Preacher preacher, fifth grade teacher You can't reach me, my mom can't neither You can't teach me a goddamn thing cause I watch TV, and Comcast cable and you ain't able to stop these thoughts You can't stop me from toppin these charts And you can't stop me from droppin each March with a brand new cd for these fuckin retards Duhhh, and to think, it's just little ol' me Mr. "Don't Give A Fuck," still won't leave Chorus: Eminem (repeat 2X) I'm a CRIMINAL Cuz every time I write a rhyme, these people think it's a crime to tell em what's on my mind - I guess I'm a CRIMINAL but I don't gotta say a word, I just flip em the bird and keep goin, I don't take shit from no one [Eminem] My mother did drugs - tar, liquor, cigarettes, and speed The baby came out - disfigured, ligaments indeed It was a seed who would grow up just as crazy as she Don't dare make fun of that baby cause that baby was me I'm a CRIMINAL - an animal caged who turned crazed But how the fuck you sposed to grow up when you weren't raised? So as I got older and I got a lot taller My dick shrunk smaller, but my balls got larger I drink malt liquor to fuck you up quicker than you'd wanna fuck me up for sayin the word ... My morals went thhbbpp when the president got oral Sex in his Oval Office on top of his desk Off of his own employee Now don't ignore me, you won't avoid me You can't miss me, I'm white, blonde-haired and my nose is pointy I'm the bad guy who makes fun of people that die in plane crashes and laughs As long as it ain't happened to him Slim Shady, I'm as crazy as Em -inem and Kim combined - *kch* the maniac's in Replacin the doctor cause Dre couldn't make it today He's a little under the weather, so I'm takin his place (Mm-mm-mmm!) Oh, that's Dre with an AK to his face Don't make me kill him too and spray his brains all over the place I told you Dre, you should've kept that thang put away I guess that'll teach you not to let me play with it, eh? I'm a CRIMINAL [Interlude Skit] Aight look (uh huh) just go up in that motherfucker get the motherfuckin money and get the fuck up outta there [Em] Aight I'll be right here waitin on you [Em] Aight Yo Em [Em] What?! Don't kill nobody this time [Em] Awwright... god damn, fuck...   (whistling) how you doin'? [Teller] HI, how can I help you? [Eminem] Yeah I need to make a withdrawl [Teller] Okay [Eminem] Put the fuckin money in the bag bitch    and I won't kill you! [Teller] What? Oh my god, don't kill me [Eminem] I'm not gonna kill you bitch, quit lookin around... [Teller] Don't kill me, please don't kill me... [Eminem] I said I'm not gonna fuckin kill you    Hurry the fuck up! {*BOOM*} Thank you! [Eminem] Windows tinted on my ride when I drive in it So when I rob a bank, run out and just dive in it So I'll be disguised in it And if anybody identifies the guy in it I'll hide for five minutes Come back, shoot the eyewitness Fire at the private eye hired to pry in my business Die, bitches, bastards, brats, pets This puppy's lucky I didn't blast his ass yet {*dog whines*} If I ever gave a fuck, I'd shave my nuts tuck my dick inbetween my legs and cluck You motherfuckin chickens ain't brave enough to say the stuff I say, so just tape it shut {*tape unrolls*} Shit, half the shit I say, I just make it up To make you mad so kiss my white naked ass And if it's not a rapper that I make it as I'ma be a fuckin rapist in a Jason mask (Chorus 2X) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Eminem Album: The Marshall Mathers LP (Clean Version) Song: The Kids * Typed by: SwizzRULER@aol.com, OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash * replaced "Kim" on the CLEAN VERSION of the album;  if you can't find a copy of the album try NAPSTER.com or Wal*Mart [Mr. Mackey] (Eric Cartman) And everyone should get along.. Okay children quiet down, quiet down Children I'd like to introduce our new substitute teacher for the day His name is Mr. Shady Children quiet down please Brian don't throw that (SHUT UP!) Mr. Shady will be your new substitute  while Mr. Kaniff is out with pneumonia (HE'S GOT AIDS!) Good luck Mr. Shady [Eminem] Hi there little boys and girls (FUCK YOU!) Today we're gonna to learn how to poison squirrels But first, I'd like you to meet my friend Bob (Huh?) Say hi Bob! ("Hi Bob") Bob's 30 and still lives with his mom and he don't got a job, cause Bob sits at home and smokes pot but his twelve-year old brother looks up to him an awful lot And Bob likes to hang out at the local waffle spot and wait in the parkin lot for waitresses off the clock when it's late and the lot gets dark and fake like he walks his dog Drag 'em in the woods and go straight to the chopping blocks (AHH!) And even if they escaped and they got the cops the ladies would all be so afraid, they would drop the charge 'til one night Mrs. Stacey went off the job when she felt someone grab her whole face and said not to talk But Stacey knew it was Bob and said knock it off But Bob wouldn't knock it off cause he's crazy and off his rocker Crazier than Slim Shady is off the vodka You couldn't even take him to Dre's to get Bob a "Dr." He grabbed Stace' by the legs as chopped it off her and dropped her off in the lake for the cops to find her But ever since the day Stacey went off to wander they never found her, and Bob still hangs at the waffle diner And that's the story of Bob and his marijuana,  and what it might do to you So see if the squirrels want any - it's bad for you  Chorus: Mr. Mackey (Eminem) See children, drugs are bahhhd (c'mon) and if you don't believe me, ask ya dahhhd (ask him man) and if you don't believe him, ask ya mom (that's right) She'll tell you how she does 'em all the time (she will) So kids say no to drugs (that's right) So you don't act like everyone else does (uh-huh) Then there's really nothin else to say (sing along) Drugs are just bad, mmm'kay? [Eminem] My penis is the size of a peanut, have you seen it?  FUCK NO you ain't seen it, it's the size of a peanut (Huh?) Speakin of peanuts, you know what else is bad for squirrels? Ecstasy is the worst drug in the world If someone ever offers it to you, don't do it Kids two hits'll probably drain all your spinal fluid and spinal fluid is final, you won't get it back So don't get attached, it'll attack every bone in your back Meet Zach, twenty-one years old  After hangin out with some friends at a frat party, he gets bold and decides to try five, when he's bribed by five guys and peer pressure will win every time you try to fight it Suddenly, he starts to convulse and his pulse goes into hyperdrive and his eyes roll back in his skull {*blblblblblb*}  His back starts tah - look like the McDonald's Arches He's on Donald's carpet, layin horizontal barfin {*BLEH*} And everyone in the apartment starts laughin at him "Hey Adam, Zach is a jackass, look at him!" cause they took it too, so they think it's funny So they're laughing at basically nothing except maybe wasting his money Meanwhile, Zach's in a coma, the action is over and his back and his shoulders hunched up like he's practicin yoga And that's the story of Zach, the ecstasy maniac So don't even feed that to squirrels class, cause it's bad for you Chorus: Mr. Mackey (Eminem) See children, drugs are bahhhd (that's right) and if you don't believe me, ask ya dahhhd (that's right) and if you don't believe him, ask ya mom (you can) She'll tell you how she does 'em all the time (she will) So kids say no to drugs (smoke crack) So you don't act like everyone else does (that's right) And there's really nothin else to say (but umm) Drugs are just bad, mmm'kay? [Eminem] And last but not least, one of the most humungous problems among young people today, is fungus It grows from cow manure, they pick it out, wipe it off,  bag it up, and you put it right in your mouth and chew it Yum yum! Then you start to see some dumb stuff And everything slows down when you eat some of 'em.. And sometimes you see things that aren't there (Like what?) Like fat woman in G-strings with orange hair (Mr. Shady what's a G-string?) It's yarn Claire Women stick 'em up their behinds, go out and wear 'em (Huh?) And if you swallow too much of the magic mushrooms Whoops, did I say magic mushrooms? I meant fungus Ya tongue gets, all swoll up like a cow's tongue (How come?) cause it comes from a cow's dung (Gross!!) See drugs are bad, it's a common fact But your mom and dad, know that's all that I'm good at (Oh!) But don't be me, cause if you grow up and you go and O.D. They're gonna come for me and I'ma have to grow a goatee and get a disguise and hide, cause it'll be my fault So don't do drugs, and do exactly as I don't,  cause I'm bad for you Chorus: Mr. Mackey (Eminem) See children, drugs are bahhhd (uh-huh) and if you don't believe me, ask ya dahhhd (put that down) and if you don't believe him, ask ya mom (you can ask) She'll tell you how she does 'em all the time (and she will) So kids say no to drugs (say no) So you don't act like everyone else does (like I do) And there's really nothin else to say (that's right) Drugs are just bad, mmm'kay? [Mr. Mackey] (Eric Cartman) Come on children, clap along (SHUT UP!) Sing along children (Suck my motherfuckin dick!) Drugs are just bad, drugs are just bad (South Park is gonna sue me!) So don't do drugs (Suck my motherfuckin penis!) so there'll be more for me (Hippie! God damnit!) (Mushrooms killed Kenny! *fart* Ewww, ahhh!) (So, fucked up, right now..) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Eminem Album: The Eminem Show Song: Curtains Up (Skit) Typed by: ÇexyÇy *Projector starts up* *Applause* *Soft dramatic music box style music plays* *Applause dies down* *Foot steps, music starts to die down* *Music dies down completely. Microphone screeches* *Eminem taps on microphone* *Eminem clears his throat* *Track segues into following track (White America)* The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Eminem Album: The Eminem Show Song: White America Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash {with help from liner notes} [Intro] America!! Hahaha! We love you! How many people are proud to be citizens of this beautiful country of ours? The stripes and the stars for the rights that men have died for to protect The women and men who have broke their necks for the freedom of speech the United States government has sworn to uphold.. (Yo, I want everybody to listen to the words of this song) .. or so we're told [Eminem] I never woulda dreamed in a million years I'd see so many motherfuckin people, who feel like me Who share the same views and the same exact beliefs It's like a fuckin ARMY marchin in back of me So many lives I touched, so much anger aimed in no particular direction, just sprays and sprays And straight through your radio waves, it plays and plays 'til it stays stuck in your head, for days and days Who woulda thought; standin in this mirror bleachin my hair with some peroxide, reachin for a t-shirt to wear that I would catapult to the forefront of rap like this? How could I predict my words would have an impact like this? I must've struck a chord with somebody up in the office Cause Congress keep tellin me, I ain't causin nuthin but problems And now they're sayin I'm in trouble with the government - I'm lovin it! I shoveled shit all my life, and now I'm dumpin it on [Chorus 2X: Eminem] White America! I could be one of your kids White America! Little Eric looks just like this White America! Erica loves my shit I go to TRL; look how many hugs I get! [Eminem] Look at these eyes, baby blue, baby just like yourself If they were brown Shady lose, Shady sits on the shelf But Shady's cute, Shady knew Shady's dimples would help Make ladies swoon baby (ooh baby!) Look at my sales Let's do the math - if I was black, I woulda sold half I ain't have to graduate from Lincoln High School to know that But I could rap, so fuck school, I'm too cool to go back Gimme the mic, show me where the fuckin studio's at When I was underground, no one gave a fuck I was white No labels wanted to sign me, almost gave up I was like Fuck it - until I met Dre, the only one to look past Gave me a chance aand I lit a FIRE up under his ass Helped him get back to the top, every fan black that I got was probably his in exchange for every white fan that he's got Like damn; we just swapped - sittin back lookin at shit, wow I'm like my skin is it startin to work to my benefit now? It's.. [Eminem] See the problem is, I speak to suburban kids who otherwise woulda never knew these words exist Whose moms probably woulda never gave two squirts of piss 'til I created so much motherfuckin turbulence! Straight out the tube, right into your living rooms I came And kids flipped, when they knew I was produced by Dre That's all it took, and they were instantly hooked right in And they connected with me too because I looked like them That's why they put my lyrics up under this microscope Searchin with a fine tooth comb, it's like this rope waitin to choke; tightenin around my throat Watchin me while I write this, like I don't like this (Nope!) All I hear is: lyrics, lyrics, constant controversy, sponsors working round the clock to try to stop my concerts early, surely Hip-Hop was never a problem in Harlem only in Boston After it bothered the fathers of daughters startin to blossom So now I'm catchin the flack from these activists when they raggin Actin like I'm the first rapper to smack a bitch or say faggot, shit! Just look at me like I'm your closest pal The posterchild, the motherfuckin spokesman now for.. [Outro] So to the parents of America I am the derringer aimed at little Erica to attack her character The ringleader of this circus of worthless pawns Sent to lead the march right up to the steps of Congress and piss on the lawns of the White House To burn the {flag} and replace it with a Parental Advisory sticker To spit liquor in the faces of this democracy of hypocrisy Fuck you Ms. Cheney! Fuck you Tipper Gore! Fuck you with the free-est of speech this Divided States of Embarassment will allow me to have Fuck you! {*Eminem harmonizes the beat*} I'm just playin America, you know I love you The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Eminem f/ Dr. Dre Album: The Eminem Show Song: Business Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash {with help from liner notes} [Dr. Dre] Marshall! Sounds like an S.O.S. [Mathers] Holy wack unlyrical lyrics Andre, you're fuckin right!! [Dr. Dre] To the Rapmobile - let's go! 	(Marshall! Marshall!) [Eminem] Bitches and gentlemen! It's SHOWTIME! Hurry hurry, step right up! Introducin the star of our show.. his name is.. 	(Marshall!) You wouldn't want to be anywhere else in the world right now So without further adieux, I bring to you 	(Marshall!) [Eminem] You bout to witness, hip-hop in its most purest more rawest form, flow almost flawless Most hardest, most honest known artist Chip off the old block, but oh Doc is BACK Looks like Batman brought his own Robin Oh God, Saddam's got his own Laden With his own private plane, his own pilot Set to blow college dorm rooms doors off the hinges oranges, peach, pears, plums, syringes (*chainsaw sound*} VROOM VROOM! Yeah, here I come I'm inches, away from you, dear fear none Hip-Hop is in a state of nine-one-one so.. [Chorus 2X: Eminem] Let's get down to business I don't got no time to play around, what is this? Must be a circus in town, let's shut the shit down on these clowns; can I get a witness? (HELL YEAH!) [Eminem] Quick gotta move fast, gotta perform miracles Gee wilikers Dre, "Holy bat syllables!" Look at all the bullshit that goes on in Gotham when I'm gone, time to get rid of these rap criminals So skip to your lou while I do what I do best You ain't even impressed no more; you're used to it Flows too wet, nobody close to it Nobody says it but still everybody knows the shit The most hated on out of all those who say they get hated on in eighty songs and exaggerate it all so much they make it all up, there's no such thing Like a female with good looks who cooks and cleans It just means so much more to so much more people when you're rappin and you know what for The show must go on; so I'd like to welcome y'all to Marshall and Andre's car-ni-val, c'mon! Now [Eminem] It's just like old times, the Dynamic Duo Two old friends, why panic? You already know who's fully capable, the two caped heroes Dial straight down the center, eight-zero-zero You can even call collect, the most feared duet since me and Elton, played career Russian Roulette And never even see me blink or get to bustin a sweat People steppin over people just to rush to the set just to get to see an MC who breathes so freely Ease over these beats and be so breezy Jesus how can shit be so easy? How can one Chandra be so Levy? Turn on these beats, MC's don't see me Believe me; BET and MTV are gonna grieve when we leave dog, fo' sheezy Can't leave rap alone, the game needs me 'til we grow beards, get weird and disappear into the mountains - nothin but clowns down here But we, ain't fuckin around round here Yo Dre (whattup?) Can I get hell..? (HELL YEAH!) Now [Outro] So there you have it folks (Marshall!) has come to save the day Back with his friend Andre, here to remind you that bullshit does not pay Because (Marshall!) and Andre are here to stay and never go away, until our dying day Until we're old and grey (Marshall!) So until next time friends, same blonde hair, same rap channel Good night everyone, thank you for coming Your host for the evening (Marshall!) Oh! Heh The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Eminem Album: The Eminem Show Song: Cleanin Out My Closet Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash {with help from liner notes} [Intro] Where's my snare? I have no snare in my headphones - there you go Yeah.. yo, yo [Eminem] Have you ever been hated or discriminated against? I have; I've been protested and demonstrated against Picket signs for my wicked rhymes, look at the times Sick as the mind of the motherfuckin kid that's behind all this commotion emotions run deep as ocean's explodin Tempers flarin from parents just blow 'em off and keep goin Not takin nothin from no one give 'em hell long as I'm breathin Keep kickin ass in the mornin and takin names in the evenin Leave 'em with a taste as sour as vinegar in they mouth See they can trigger me, but they'll never figure me out Look at me now; I bet ya probably sick of me now ain't you momma? I'ma make you look so ridiculous now [Chorus: Eminem] I'm sorry momma! I never meant to hurt you! I never meant to make you cry; but tonight I'm cleanin out my closet (one more time) I said I'm sorry momma! I never meant to hurt you! I never meant to make you cry; but tonight I'm cleanin out my closet [Eminem] Ha! I got some skeletons in my closet and I don't know if no one knows it So before they thrown me inside my coffin and close it I'ma expose it; I'll take you back to '73 before I ever had a multi-platinum sellin CD I was a baby, maybe I was just a couple of months My faggot father must have had his panties up in a bunch cause he split, I wonder if he even kissed me goodbye No I don't on second thought I just fuckin wished he would die I look at Hailie, and I couldn't picture leavin her side Even if I hated Kim, I grit my teeth and I'd try to make it work with her at least for Hailie's sake I maybe made some mistakes but I'm only human, but I'm man enough to face them today What I did was stupid, no doubt it was dumb But the smartest shit I did was take the bullets outta that gun Cuz I'da killed him; shit I woulda shot Kim and them both It's my life, I'd like to welcome y'all to "The Eminem Show" [Eminem] Now I would never diss my own momma just to get recognition Take a second to listen for who you think this record is dissin But put yourself in my position; just try to envision witnessin your momma poppin prescription pills in the kitchen Bitchin that someone's always goin throuh her purse and shit's missin Goin through public housin systems, victim of Munchausen's Syndrome My whole life I was made to believe I was sick when I wasn't 'til I grew up, now I blew up, it makes you sick to ya stomach doesn't it? Wasn't it the reason you made that CD for me Ma? So you could try to justify the way you treated me Ma? But guess what? You're gettin older now and it's cold when your lonely And Nathan's growin up so quick he's gonna know that your phony And Hailie's gettin so big now; you should see her, she's beautiful But you'll never see her - she won't even be at your funeral! See what hurts me the most is you won't admit you was wrong Bitch do your song - keep tellin yourself that you was a mom! But how dare you try to take what you didn't help me to get You selfish bitch; I hope you fuckin burn in hell for this shit Remember when Ronnie died and you said you wished it was me? Well guess what, I +AM+ dead - dead to you as can be! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Eminem Album: The Eminem Show Song: Square Dance Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash {with help from liner notes} [Eminem] People! (People!) It feels so good to be back (back) {*Eminem vocally scratching these lines*} Ladies and Gentlemen, introducing the new and improved, you know who.. chk-who, chka-er-chk-er-chk-er-chk [Eminem] Never been the type to bend or budge The wrong button to push, no friend of Bush I'm the center piece, you're a Maltese I'm a pitbull off his leash, all this peace talk can cease All these people I had to leave in limbo I'm back now, I've come to release this info I'll be brief and let me just keep shit simple +Cani-bitch+ don't want no beef with Slim Nooooooo! Not even on my radar So won't you please jump off my dick, lay off and stay off And follow me as I put these crayons to chaos from séance to séance, aw-er-aw-er-aw-eh-a [Chorus 2X: Eminem] C'mon now, let's all get on down Let's do-si-do now, we gon' have a - good ol' time Don't be scurred, cause thurr ain't nothin to worry 'bout Let your hurr down (and square dance with me) [Eminem] Let your hair down to the track, yeah kick on back (boo!) The Boogiemonster of rap, yeah the man's back with a plan to ambush this Bush administration Mush the Senate's face in, push this generation of kids to stand and fight for the right to say somethin you might not like, this white hot light that I'm under, no wonder I look so sunburnt Oh no I won't leave no stone unturned Oh no I won't leave, won't go nowhere Do-si-do, oh-yo-ho, hello there Oh yeah, don't think I won't go there Go to Beirut and do a show there Yeah you laugh till your motherfuckin ass gets drafted While you're at band camp thinkin the crap can't happen 'Til you fuck around, get an anthrax napkin Inside a package wrapped in Saran Wrap wrappin Open the plastic and then you stand back gaspin Fuckin assassins, hijackin Amtraks, crashin All this terror, America demands action Next thing you know, you've got Uncle Sam's ass askin to join the Army or what you'll do for their Navy You just a baby, gettin recruited at eighteen You're on a plane now, eatin their food and their baked beans I'm twenty-eight, they gon  take you 'fore they take me Crazy insane, or insane crazy? When I say Hussein, you say Shady My views ain't changed, still inhumane, wait Arraigned two days late, the date's today, hang me! [Eminem] Nothin moves me more than a groove that soothes me Nothin soothes me more than a groove that boosts me Nothin boosts me more, or suits me beautifully There's nothin you can do to me, stab me shoot me Psychotic hypnotic product, I got it the antibiotic Ain't nobody hotter and so on and yada yada God I talk a lotta hum-de-lay-de-la-la Oochie walla-walla, um-di-da-dah da-dah but you gotta gotta keep movin, there's more music to make Keep makin new shit, produce hits to break the monotony, what's gotten into me? Drugs, rock, and Hennessey, thug like I'm 'Pac on my enemies On your knees, got you under siege Somebody you would give a lung to be Hun-ga-ry, like a fuckin younger me Fuck the fee, I can get you jumped for free Yeah buddy, laugh it's funny, I have the money to have you killed by somebody who has nothing I'm past bluffing, pass the K-Y Let's get ready for some intense, serious ass fucking! [Outro] Dr. Dre, wants to square dance with me Nasty Nas, wants to square dance with me X to the Z, wants to square dance with me Busta Rhymes, wants to square dance with me +Cani-bitch+, won't square dance with me +Cani-bitch+, won't square dance with me +Canada-bis+, don't want no parts of me Dirty Dozen, wants to square dance with you Weeeeeeeeeeee-hahh!! Woo! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Eminem Album: The Eminem Show Song: The Kiss (Skit) Typed by: ÇexyÇy {*some lines between characters merge into each other*} {Hip hop tune plays on car radio} [Eminem] I'm gonna kill this bitch 	 I'm gonna kill her 	 I'm going to fuckin' jail 	 'Cause I'm gonna kill, this bitch [Gary] 	 Yo' man, I don't know [Eminem] What? [Gary] I got a real, really bad feelin' about this [Eminem] Man, would you shut the fuck up Gary?  	 You've always got a bad feeling man 	 That's her car right there. Just park [Gary] Alright, just let me park. I'm parking! [Eminem] Fuckin', turn the car off dog {Car stops, Hip hop tune stops, handbrake is applied} [Gary] Alright [Eminem] Alright, we wait [Gary] We wait for what? [Eminem] We wait until she comes out.    Then I'm gonna fuckin' kill her [Gary] Man, you ain't gonna kill nobody [Eminem] Man, just shut the fuck up dog [Gary] What the fuck did you bring that for? [Eminem] Just shut up, fuckin' clip is empty [Gary] Man, don't point that shit at me! [Eminem] It's not even loaded bitch, look! [Gary] Dude!  [Eminem] [laughs] [Gary] God I fuckin' hate when you do that shit [Eminem] Yeah but it's funny as fuck [Gary] You're gonna fuck around and kill me one of these days, I swear [Eminem] It get's you every time {Pause, then dramatic music kicks in} [Eminem] Is that her? [Gary] Where? [Eminem] Right there motherfucker [Gary] [sighs] 	 Yeah, fuck [Eminem] Alright, get up, get up [Gary] Here we go again [Eminem] Get down! [Gary] What the fuck?  	 Do you want me to do get under the car? [Eminem] Yo', who's she walkin' with? [Gary] How the fuck am I supposed to know?  	 You told me to duck down [Eminem] It's the fucking bouncer    Did she just kiss him? [Gary] I don't think so. [Eminem] Dog, she just fuckin' kissed him [Gary] No, she didn't! [Eminem] She's kissing him dog! [Gary] No she's not...oh shit [Eminem] C'mon, motherfucker! [Gary] MAARRSSHH!!! {Running footsteps} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Eminem Album: The Eminem Show Song: Soldier Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash {with help from liner notes} [Eminem] I'm a soldier (*repeat 4X*) Yo.. never was a thug, just infatuated with guns Never was a gangsta, 'til I graduated to one and got the rep of a villain, for weapon concealin Took the image of a thug, kept shit appealin Willin to stick out my neck, for respect if it meant life or death, never live to regret what I said When you're me, people just want to see, if it's true If it's you, what you say in your raps, what you do So they feel, it's part of your obligation to fulfill When they see you on the streets, face to face, are you for real? In confrontation ain't no conversation, if you feel you're in violation, any hesitation'll get you killed If you feel it, kill it, if you conceal it, reveal it Being reasonable will leave you full of bullets Pull it, squeeze it 'til it's empty, tempt me, push me, pussies I need a good reason to give this trigger a good squeeze I'm a soldier, these shoulders hold up so much They won't budge, I'll never fall or fold up I'm a soldier, even if my collar bones crush or crumble, I will never slip or stumble I'm a soldier, these shoulders hold up so much They won't budge, I'll never fall or fold up I'm a soldier, even if my collar bones crush or crumble, I will never stumble [Eminem] I love pissin you off, it gets me off Like my lawyers, when the fuckin judge lets me off All you motherfuckers gotta do is set me off I'll violate and all the motherfuckin bets be off I'm a lit fuse, anything I do bitch it's news Pistol whippin motherfuckin bouncers, six-two Who needs bullets? As soon as I pull it, you SWEAT bullets An EXCELLENT method to get rid of the next bully ACTUALLY better cause instead of you murderin you can hurt 'em and come BACK again and kick dirt at 'em It's like pourin salt in the wounds, assault and get sued You can smell the lawsuits soon as I waltz in the room Everybody halts and stops, calls the cops All you see is bitches comin out their haltertops Runnin and duckin out the Hot Rocks parking lot You'll all get shot, whether it's your fault or not, cause [Eminem] I spit it slow so these kids know that I'm talkin to 'em Give it back to these damn critics and sock it to 'em I'm like a thug, with a little bit of 'Pac influence I spew it, and look how I got you bitches rockin to it You motherfuckers could NEVER do it like I could do it Don't even try it, you'll look stupid, do not pursue it Don't ever in your life try to knock the truest I spit the illest shit ever been dropped to two inch So ticky-tock listen as the sound ticks on the clock Listen to the sound of Kim as she licks on a cock Listen to the sound of me spillin my heart through this pen Motherfuckers know that I'll never be Marshall again Full of controversy until I retire my jersey 'Til the fire inside dies and expires at thirty And Lord have mercy on any more of these rappers that verse me And put a curse on authorities in the face of adversity [Outro: repeat 4X] Yo' left, yo' left, yo' left right left The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Eminem Album: The Eminem Show Song: Say Goodbye Hollywood Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash {with help from liner notes} [Chorus: Eminem] Sayin goodbye, I'm sayin goodbye to Hollywood Sayin goodbye, I'm sayin goodbye to Hollywood Sayin goodbye, I'm sayin goodbye to Hollywood Sayin goodbye, I'm sayin goodbye to Hollywood (Hollywood!!!) Sayin goodbye, I'm sayin goodbye to Hollywood {Why do I feel this way?) Sayin goodbye, I'm sayin goodbye to Hollywood Sayin goodbye, I'm sayin goodbye to Hollywood Sayin goodbye, I'm sayin goodbye to Hollywood [Eminem] I thought I had it all figured out, I did I thought I was tough enough to stick it out with Kim But I wasn't tough enough to juggle two things at once I found myself layin on my knees in cuffs which shoulda been a reason enough, for me to get my stuff and just leave - how come I couldn't see this shit myself? It's just me, nobody couldn't see the shit I felt Knowin damn well she wasn't gonna be there when I fell to catch me, the minute shit was heated, she just bailed I'm standin here swingin like thirty people by myself I couldn't even see the millimeter when it fell Turned around saw Gary stashin the heater in his belt Saw the bouncers rush him and beat him to the ground I just sold two million records, I don't need to go to jail I'm not about to lose my freedom over no female I need to slow down, try to get my feet on solid ground, so for now I'm.. [Eminem] I bury my face in comic books, cause I don't want to look at nothin, this world's too much, I've swallowed all I could If I could swallow a bottle of Tylenol I would And end it for good, just say goodbye to Hollywood I probably should, these problems are pilin all at once Cause everything that bothers me, I got it bottled up I think I'm bottomin out, but I'm not about to give up I gotta get up, thank God, I got a little girl And I'm a responsible father, so not a lot of good I'd be to my daughter, layin in the bottom of the mud Must be in my blood cause I don't know how I do it All I know is I don't want to follow in the footsteps of my dad, cause I hate him so bad The worst fear that I had was growin up to be like his fuckin ass Man if you could understand why I am the way that I am What do I say to my fans when I tell 'em I'm.. [Eminem] I don't wanna quit, but shit, I feel like this is it for me to have this much appeal like this is sick This is not a game, this fame, in real life this is sick Publicity stunt my ass, consume my fuckin dick Fuck the guns, I'm done, I'll never look at gats If I scrap, I'll scrap like I ain't never whupped some ass I love my fans, but no one ever puts a grasp on the fact I've sacrificed everything I have I never dreamt I'd get to the level that I'm at This is wack, this is more than I ever coulda asked Everywhere I go, a hat, a sweater hood or mask What about math, how come I wasn't ever good at that? It's like the boy in the bubble, who never could adapt I'm trapped, if I could go back, I never woulda rapped I sold my soul to the devil I'll never get it back I just wanna leave this game with level head intact Imagine goin from bein a no one to seein everything blow up and all you did was just grow up emceein It's fuckin crazy, cause all I wanted was to give Hailie the life I never had, instead I forced us to live alienated So I'm sayin.. [Outro: singing] Goodbye Goodbye Hollywood (Goodbye) Please don't cry for me (It's been real) When I'm gone for good (This shit is not for me) So goodbye Goodbye Hollywood (I'm not a fuckin star) Please don't cry for me (No way) When I'm gone for good (I'm goin back home) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Eminem f/ Obie Trice Album: The Eminem Show Song: Drips Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash {with help from liner notes} [Eminem] Obie.. yo  [Trice] {*coughing*} I'm sick [Eminem] Damn, you straight dog? That's why I ain't got no time for these games and stupid tricks or these bitches on my dick That's how dudes be gettin sick That's how dicks be gettin drips Fallin victims to this shit from these bitches on our dicks Fuckin chickens with no ribs That's why I ain't got no time... [Obie Trice] Yo; I woke up fucked up off the liquor I drunk I had a bag of the skunk won in last nights Tunk Pussy residue was on my penis, Denise from the cleaners fucked me good, you shoulda seen this Big booty bitch, switch unbearable French roll stylin, body like a stallion Sizin up the figure while my shit gettin bigger Debatin on a fuck or do I want to be her nigga Caressin this bitch, plus I'm checkin out them tits Sippin on that fine shit I ain't used to buyin I gotta hit it from behind, it's mandatory like takin hoe's money, but that's another story For surely, the pussy on toast After we toast her clothes fell like Bishop in +Juice+ The womb beater, clean pussy eater Insertin my jock in that spot hotter than the hottest block "Don't stop!!" Response I got when I was knockin it Clock steady tickin, kinky finger lickin and can on, semen's at my tip when she moans I gotta slow down before I cum soon And work that nigga, like a slave owner When I dropped off my outfit, she knew I wanted to bone her She foamin at the lips, the one between the hips Pubic hairs lookin like some sour cream dip without the nacho, my dick hit the spot though Pussy tighter than conditions of us black folks We in the final stretch, the last part of sex I bust a FAT-ASS nut, then I woke up next like what the fuck is goin on here? This bitch evaporated Pussy and all just picked up and vacated Now I'm frustrated cause my dick was unprotected And Dr. Wesley, tellin me I really got that shit [Eminem] Now I don't wanna hit no woman but this chick's got it comin Someone better get this bitch 'fore she gets kicked in the stomach and she's pregnant, but she's eggin me on Beggin me to throw her off the steps of this porch My only weapon is force And I don't wanna resort to any violence of any sort But what's she shovin me for? Doesn't she love me no more? Wasn't she huggin me four minutes ago at the door? Man, I'm this close to goin toe-to-toe with this whore What would you do if she was tellin you she wants a divorce? She's havin another baby of the month, and it's yours And you find out it isn't cause this bitch has been visitin someone else and suckin his dick and kissin you on the lips when you get back to Michigan, now the plot is thickenin worse Cause you feel like you've been stickin your fuckin dick in a hearse So you paranoid at every little cold that you get Ever since they told you this shit, you've been holdin your dick So you go to the clinic, sweatin every minute you in it Then the doctor comes out lookin like Dennis the Menace and it's obvious to everyone in the lobby it's AIDS He ain't even gotta call you in his office to say it So you jet back home, because you gon' GET that hoe When you SEE her, you gon' bend her fuckin NECK BACK YO Cause you love her, you never would expect that blow Obie told you the scoop, how could she stoop that low? Jesus, I don't believe this, bitch works at the cleaners Bringin me home diseases, swingin from Obie's penis She's so deceivin, shit this hoe's a genius She G'd us.. [Eminem] I'm busy  [Trice] Yeah, fuck these bitches [Eminem] Fuck 'em all  [Trice] Get money.. Shady Records.. Obie Trice  [Trice] Eminem motherfucker  [Trice] New millenium shit  [Trice] Yeah.. turn this shit off  [Trice] Turn this shit the fuck.. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Eminem Album: The Eminem Show Song: Without Me Typed by: PhiladeLfigga@yahoo.com, OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash "Obie Trice, real name no gimmicks" -> Obie Trice [Intro] Two trailer park girls go round the outside; round the outside, round the outside {*scratches*} Two trailer park girls go round the outside; round the outside, round the outside {*scratches*} Guess who's back Back again Shady's back Tell a friend Guess who's back, guess who's back, guess who's back, guess who's back guess who's back, guess who's back, guess who's back.. {*Eminem hums*} [Verse One: Eminem] I've created a monster, cause nobody wants to see Marshall no more They want Shady, I'm chopped liver (huh?) Well if you want Shady, this is what I'll give ya A little bit of weed mixed with some hard liquor Some vodka that'll jump start my heart quicker than a shock when I get shocked at the hospital by the doctor when I'm not co-operating When I'm rockin the table while he's operating (hey!!) You waited this long, now stop debating Cause I'm back, I'm on the rag and ovu-lating I know that you got a job Ms. Cheney but your husband's heart problem's complicating So the FCC won't let me be or let me be me, so let me see They try to shut me down on MTV But it feels so empty, without me So, come on and dip, bum on your lips Fuck that, cum on your lips, and some on your tits And get ready, cause this shit's about to get heavy I just settled all my lawsuits, FUCK YOU DEBBIE! [Chorus: Eminem] Now this looks like a job for me So everybody, just follow me Cause we need a little, controversy Cause it feels so empty, without me I said this looks like a job for me So everybody, just follow me Cause we need a little, controversy Cause it feels so empty, without me [Verse Two: Eminem] Little Hellions, kids feelin rebellious Embarrassed their parents still listen to Elvis They start feelin like prisoners helpless 'til someone comes along on a mission and yells BITCH!!! A visionary, vision of scary Could start a revolution, pollutin the airwaves A rebel, so just let me revel and bask in the fact that I got everyone kissin my ass {*smak*} And it's a disaster, such a catastrophe for you to see so damn much of my ass; you asked for me? Well I'm back, na-na-na-na-na-na-na-na-na-na {*bzzt*} Fix your bent antenna tune it in and then I'm gonna enter in, endin up under your skin like a splinter The center of attention, back for the winter I'm interesting, the best thing since wrestling Infesting in your kid's ears and nesting {*bzzt*} Testing, attention please Feel the tension, soon as someone mentions me Here's my ten cents, my two cents is free A nuisance, who sent? You sent for me? [Verse Three: Eminem] A-tisket a-tasket, I go tit for tat with anybody who's talkin this shit, that shit Chris Kirkpatrick, you can get your ass kicked worse than them little Limp Bizkit bastards And Moby? You can get stomped by Obie You thirty-six year old baldheaded fag, blow me You don't know me, you're too old, let go It's over, nobody listen to techno Now let's go, just gimme the signal I'll be there with a whole list full of new insults I been dope, suspenseful with a pencil ever since Prince turned himself into a symbol {*knife slices*} But sometimes the shit just seems everybody only wants to discuss me So this must mean I'm dis-gus-ting But it's just me, I'm just obscene No I'm not the first king of controversy I am the worst thing since Elvis Presley to do black music so selfishly and used it to get myself wealthy (Hey!!) There's a concept that works Twenty million other white rappers emerge But no matter how many fish in the sea It'll be so empty, without me {*Eminem sings this twice:  "Chem-hie-la-la-la, la-la-la-la-la  La-la-la-la-la, la-la-la-la"*} [Eminem] Kids! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: (Eminem f/) Paul Rosenberg Album: The Eminem Show Song: Paul Rosenberg (Skit) Typed by: ÇexyÇy {*in the style of a telephone answering machine message*} Em, it's Paul Listen  Joel just called me and he told me you're in the fucking back behind the studio Shooting your gun off in the air like it's a shooting range I told you not to fucking bring your gun around, like an idiot, outside of your home You're gonna get yourself in trouble DON'T bring your gun outside of your home, you can't carry it on you Leave your fuckin' gun at home {*hangs up*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Eminem * Album: The Eminem Show Song: Sing For the Moment Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash {with help from liner notes} * Joe Perry from Aerosmith plays guitar [Eminem] These ideas are, nightmares to white parents whose worst fear is a child with dyed hair and who likes earrings Like whatever they say has no bearing It's so scary in a house that allows, no swearing to see him walkin around with his headphones blaring Alone in his own zone, cold and he don't care He's a problem child, and what bothers him all comes out when he talks about, his fuckin dad walkin out Cause he just hates him so bad that he, blocks him out If he ever saw him again he'd probably knock him out His thoughts are whacked, he's mad so he's talkin back Talkin black, brainwashed from rock and rap He sags his pants; doo rags and a stockin cap His step-father hit him so he, socked him back and broke his nose, his house is a broken home There's no control, he just let's his emotions go [Chorus: Eminem] C'mon! Sing with me (Sing!) Sing for the year (Sing it) Sing for the laughter, sing for the tear (C'mon!) Sing it with me, Just for today Maybe tomorrow, the good Lord will take you away... [Eminem] Entertainment is changin, intertwinin with gangsters In the land of the killers a sinner's mind is a sanctum Holy or unnholy, only have one homie Only this gun - lonely cause don't anyone know me Yet everybody just feels like they can relate I guess words are a motherfucker, they can be great or they can degrate; or even worse, they can teach hate It's like these kids hang on every single statement we make like they worship us, plus all the stores ship us platinum Now how the fuck did this metamorphosis happen? From standin on corners and porches just rappin to havin a fortune, no more kissin ass But then these critics crucify you, journalists try to burn you Fans turn on you, attorneys all want a turn at you to get they hands on every dime you have They want you to lose your mind every time you mad So they can try to make you out to look like a loose cannon Any dispute won't hesitate to produce handguns That's why these prosecutors wanna convict me Strictly just to get me off of these streets quickly But all they kids be listenin to me religiously So I'm signin CD's while police fingerprint me They're for the judge's daughter but his grudge is against me If I'm such a fuckin menace this shit doesn't make sense B! It's all political, if my music is literal and I'm a criminal how the FUCK can I raise a little girl? I couldn't; I wouldn't be fit to You're full of shit too Guerrera - that was a FIST that hit you! [Eminem] They say music can alter moods and talk to you Well can it load a gun up for you and cock it too? Well if it can, and the next time you assault a dude Just tell the judge it was my fault, and I'll get sued See what these kids do is hear about us totin pistols and they want to get one cause, they think the shit's cool Not knowin we really just protectin ourselves We entertainers, of course the shit's affectin our sales You ignoramus, but music is reflection of self We just explain it, and then we get our checks in the mail It's fucked up ain't it? How we can come from practically nothin to bein able to have any fuckin thing that we wanted That's why we, sing for these kids who don't have a thing except for a dream and a fuckin rap magazine Who post pin-up pictures on they walls all day long Idolize they favorite rappers and know all they songs Or for anyone who's ever been through shit in they lives 'Til they sit and they cry at night wishin they'd die 'Til they throw on a rap record and they sit and they vibe We're nothin to you - but we're the fuckin shit in they eyes That's why we, seize the moment try to freeze it and own it Squeeze it and hold it, cause we consider these minutes golden And maybe they'll admit it when we're gone, just let our spirits live on through our lyrics that you hear in our songs and we can... [Chorus] - repeat 2X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Eminem f/ Dina Rae Album: The Eminem Show Song: Superman Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash {with help from liner notes} * * It is the personal opinion of the webmaster that the chorus of this song  as it appears on Eminem's website and in his liner notes is just plain WRONG! [Dina Rae] Mmmmm.. [Marshall] You high baby? [Dina Rae] Yeahhh [Marshall] Oh yeah? [Dina Rae] Talk to me [Marshall] You want me to tell you somethin? [Dina Rae] Uh-huh [Marshall] I know what you want to hear [Chorus One: Eminem] + (Dina Rae) I know you want me baby, I think I want you too (I think I love you baby) I think I love you too I'm here to save you girl, come be in Shady's world I want to grow together, let's let our love unfurl You know you want me baby, you know I want you too They call me Superman, I'm here to rescue you I want to save you girl, come be in Shady's world (Ooh boy you drive me crazy) Bitch, you make me earl [Eminem] They call me Superman Leap tall hoes in a single bound, I'm single now Got no ring on this finger now I'd never let another chick bring me down in a relationship, save it bitch Babysit? You make me sick Superman ain't savin shit Girl you can jump on Shady's dick Straight from the hip, cut to the chase I tell a muh'fuckin slut to her face Play no games, say no names Ever since I broke up with what's-her-face I'm a different man, kiss my ass Kiss my lips, bitch why ask? Kiss my dick - get my cash? I'd rather have you whip my ass Don't put out, I'll put you out Won't get out, I'll push you out Puss blew out, poppin shit Wouldn't piss on fire to put you out Am I too nice, to buy you ice? Bitch if you died, wouldn't buy you life What you tryin to be my new wife? What you Mariah? Fly through twice [Bridge: Eminem] But I do know one thing though Bitches, they come they go Saturday through Sunday, Monday Monday through Sunday yo Maybe I'll love you one day Maybe we'll someday grow 'Til then just sit your drunk ass on that fuckin runway ho [Chorus Two: Eminem] Cause I can't be your Superman, can't be your Superman Can't be your Superman, can't be your Superman I can't be your Superman, can't be your Superman Can't be your Superman, your Superman your Superman [Eminem] Don't get me wrong - I love these hoes It's no secret, everybody knows Yeah we fucked, bitch so what? That's about as far as your buddy goes We'll be friends, I'll call you again I'll chase you around every bar you attend Never know what kind of car I'll be in We'll see how much you'll be partyin then You don't want that, neither do I I don't want to flip when I see you with guys Too much pride, between you and I Not a jealous man but females lie But I guess that's just what sluts do How could it ever be just us two? I'd never love you enough to trust you We just met and I just fucked you [Bridge] [Chorus One] [Eminem] First thing you say, "I'm not fazed I hang around big stars all day I don't see what the big deal is anyway you're just plain old Marshall to me" Ooh yea girl run that game "Hailie Jade? I love that name! Love that tattoo - what's that say? Rot in pieces? Uh, that's great" First off you don't know Marshall at all so don't grow partial That's ammo for my arsenal I'll slap you off that bar stool {*AHH!*} There goes another lawsuit Leave handprints all across you Good Lordy whodi you must be gone off that water bottle You want what you can't have Ooh girl that's too damn bad Don't touch what you can't grab End up with two backhands Put anthrax on a tampax and slap you 'til you can't stand Girl you just blew your chance Don't mean to ruin your plans [Bridge] [Chorus One] [Chorus Two] - repeat 2X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Eminem Album: The Eminem Show Song: Hailie's Song Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash {with help from liner notes} Yo, I can't sing - I feel like singing I want to fuckin sing Cause I'm happy - yeah, I'm happy, haha! I got my baby back Yo, check it out... [Eminem - singing] Somedays I sit, starin out the window Watchin this world pass me by Sometimes I think, there's nothin to live for I almost break down and cry Sometimes I think I'm crazy; I'm crazy, oh so crazy!! Why am I here? Am I just wastin my time?! But then I see my baby, suddenly I'm not crazy!! It all makes sense when I look into her eyes [Chorus One] Cause sometimes it feels like the world's on my shoulders Everyone's leanin on me Cause sometimes it feels like the world's almost over But then she comes back to me [Eminem - singing] My baby girl, keeps gettin older I watch her grow up with pride People make jokes, cause they don't understand me They just don't see my real side I act like shit don't phase me; inside it drives me crazy!! My insecurities could eat me alive But then I see my baby, suddenly I'm not crazy!! It all makes sense when I look into her eyes [Chorus One] [Eminem - rapping] Man if I could sing, I'd keep singin this song to my daughter If I could hit the notes, I'd blow somethin as long as my father to show her how I feel about her, how proud I am that I got her God, I'm a daddy, I'm so glad that her mom didn't {want her} Now you probably get this picture from my public persona that I'ma pistol packin drug addict who bags on his mama But I wanna to just take this time out to be perfectly honest cause there's a lot of shit I keep bottled that hurts deep inside of my soul And just know that I grow colder the older I grow This boulder on my shoulder gets heavy and harder to hold and this load is like the weight of the world, and I think my neck is breakin Should I just give up or try to live up to these expectations? Now look, I love my daughter more than life in itself but I got a wife that's determined to make my life livin hell But I handle it well, given the circumstances I'm dealt So many chances, man, it's too bad, coulda had someone else But the years that I've wasted is nothin to the tears that I've tasted So here's what I'm facin - three felonies, six years of probation I've went to jail for this woman, I've been to bat for this woman I've taken bats to people's backs, bent over backwards for this woman Man, I should have seen it comin, what'd I stick my penis up in? Wouldn't have ripped the pre-nup up if I'da seen what she was fuckin But fuck it, it's over, there's no more reason to cry no more I got my baby, baby the only lady that I adore, Hailie So sayonara, try tommorrow, nice to know ya Our baby's traveled back to the arms of her rightful owner And suddenly it seems like my shoulder blades have just shifted It's like the greatest gift you can get, the weight has been lifted [Chorus Two] And now it don't feel like the world's on my shoulders Everyone's leanin on me Cause my baby knows that her daddy's a soldier Nothing can take her from me [Eminem] Wooo! Told you I can't sing Oh well, I tried Hailie, remember when I said, if you ever need anything Daddy would be right there? Guess what? Daddy's here, and I ain't going nowhere baby I love you {*smooch*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Eminem f/ Steve Berman Album: The Eminem Show Song: Steve Berman Typed by: ÇexyÇy {*unintelligable talking outside*} [Eminem] [mutters under his breath] 	 Fuck {*Eminem knocks on the door, sighs and walks in the office*} [Steve]  {*on the phone to Dr Dre*} 	 It's ridiculous, I can't believe it, what? 	 Hold on a minute 	 {*To Eminem*} 	 Em? [Eminem] Whuddup? [Steve]  Have a seat 	 {*To Dr Dre on the phone*} 	 Dre? I'll call you back 	 {*hangs up*} [Eminem] What now? [Steve]  I don't even know where to start [Eminem] {*slight pause*} 	 Okay [Steve]  I got the album from upstairs [Eminem] {*slight pause*} 	 And? [Steve]  And this, is BY FAR, THE MOST... {*Gun cocks, shoots once, Steve Berman painfuly gasps and falls to the floor*} [Steve]  {*voice strained*}    ...incredible thing, I've ever...'eard The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Eminem f/ D-12 Album: The Eminem Show Song: When the Music Stops Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash {with help from liner notes} [Bizarre] Music.. reality.. Sometimes it's hard to tell the difference But we as entertainers.. have a responsibility to these kids.. psyche! [Eminem] If I, were to die murdered in cold blood tommorrow Would you feel sorrow or show love, or would it matter? Could never be the lead-off batter if there ain't shit for me to feed off, I'm see-saw battlin But there's way too much at stake for me to be fake There's too much on my plate, I done came way too far in this game to turn and walk away And not say what I got to say What the fuck you take me for a joke? You smokin crack? 'Fore I do that, I'd beg Mariah to take me back I'll get up 'fore I get down, run myself in the ground 'Fore I put some wack shit out I'm tryin to smack this one out the park, five-thousand mark Y'all steady tryin to drown a shark Ain't gon' do nothin but piss me off, lid to the can of whip-ass Just twist me off, see me leap out, pull a piece out Fuck shootin I'm just tryin to knock his teeth out Fuck with me now bitch, let's see you freestyle Talk is cheap, motherfucker if you really feelin froggish leap Yo Slim, you gon' let him get away with that? He tried to play you, you can't let him skate with that Man I hate this crap This ain't rap, this is crazy the way we act When we confuse hip-hop with real life when the music stops [Swifty McVay] Ain't no gettin rid of McVay, if so you woulda tried The only way I'm leavin this bitch is suicide I have died clinically, arrived back at my enemies' crib with Hennessey, got drunk then I finished it {*BLAM*} I'm every nigga's favorite arch enemy Physically fitted to be the most dangerous nigga with beef I spark willingly, with a dillinger in the dark dilligently I'm not what you think I appear to be fucked up, mentally endangered I can't stay away from a razor I just want my face in a paper I wish a nigga had a grenade to squeeze tight to awake neighbors for acres I'll murder you, I gauge and have me turn into a mad man Son of sam bitch, I'm surgical I'm allergic to dyin, you think not? You got balls? We can see how large, when the music stops [Kon Artis] I was happy havin a deal at first Thought money would make me happy but it only made my pain worse It hurts when you see your friends turn their back on you dog And you ain't got nuttin left but your word and your balls And you're stressed from the calls of your new friends Beggin with their hands out, checkin for your record when it's sellin When it ain't that's the end, no laughs, no friends No girls, just the gin you drink, till your car spin you think DAMN! When you slam into the wall and you fall out the car and try to crawl with one arm I'm bout to lose it all in a pool of alcohol If my funeral's tomorrow wonder would they even call? When the music stops [Kuniva] Let's see how many of your men loyal When I pull up lookin for you with a pistol, sippin a can of penzoil I'm revved up, who said what, when lead bust your head just explode with red stuff, I'm handcuffed Tossed in the paddywagon; braggin about how you shouted like a coward, bullets devoured you, showered you niggaz If I was you niggaz, I'd run while given a chance Understand, I can enhance the spirit of man Death itself it can hurt me Just the thought of dyin alone that really irks me You ain't worthy to speak thoughts of cheap talk Be smart and stop tryin to walk how G's walk before we spark Hug the floor while we playin tug-of-war with your life Fuck a tour and a mike, I'd rather fuck a whore with a knife {AHH!} Deliver that shit that coroner's like You hype poppin shit in broad daylight Nigga you're a goner at night - when the music stops [Proof] Instigators, turn pits in cages Let loose and bit the neighbors, wrist to razors Y'all don't want war, y'all want talk In the dark my dogs all bark like WOOF! Proof nigga I'ma wolf, get your whole roof caved in like reindeer hoofs Stomp the booth, shake the floor tiles loose The more y'all breathe shit the more I moves It's _Hill Street_, this is hardcore _Blues_ Put a gun to rap, check in all our dues (nigga) Or make the news, betcha all y'all move When the uzi pop you better drop, when the music stop [Bizarre] Music has changed my life in so many ways Brain's confused, been fucked since the 5th grade LL told me to "Rock the Bells" NWA said "Fuck the Police," now I'm in jail Ninety-three was strictly R&B Fucked up haircut, listened to Jodeci Michael Jackson - who gon' tell me I ain't Mike? Ass cheeks painted white, fuckin Priscilla tonight Flyin down Sunset smokin crack Transvestite in the front, Eddie Murphy in the back M.O.P. had me grimey and gritty Marilyn Manson I dyed my hair blue, and grew some titties Ludacris told me to throw them bows Now I'm in the hospital with a broken nose and a fractured elbow Voices in my head, I'm goin in shock I'm reachin for the glock but the music stops {*blam*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Eminem f/ Dr. Dre Album: The Eminem Show Song: Say What You Say Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Dre] So I'm out the game huh? [Em] Huh? {*echoes*} Yo Dre, WE RIDIN? [Dre] Whatever! [Em] Haha! Well I'm witcha homies [Dre] Okay; let's handle the small shit [Eminem] I was born to brew up storms and stir up shit Kick up dust, CUSS 'til I slur up spit Grew up - too quick went through too much do too much shit Corrupt, and I'm a pour it on like syrup bitch! Thick and rich, sick and twisted, Mr. Buttersworth Dre told me to milk the shit for what it's worth 'til the cow just tilts and tips and stumbles to earth {*poof*} And if I fumble the verse, keep goin First take, I make mistakes, just keep it No punches pulled no punches that's weak shit Fake shit, if I ever take shit I'll EAT shit Wasn't for him, wouldn't be shit [Dr. Dre] Creep wit me, as we take a lil' trip down memory lane Been here longer than anyone in the game And I ain't got to lie about my age (But what about Jermaine?) Fuck Jermaine! He don't belong speakin mine or Timbaland's name And don't think, I don't read your lil' interviews, and see what you're sayin I'm a giant, and I ain't gotta move 'til I'm provoked When I see you I'ma step on you and not even know it You midget, Mini-Me with a bunch of little Mini-Yous runnin around your backyard swimmin pools Over 80 million records sold And I ain't have to do it with ten or eleven-year-olds [Chorus 2X: Eminem] Cause what you say is what you say, say what you say how you say it whenever you sayin it, just remember how you said it when you were sprayin it So who you playin with huh.. huh.. huh.. huh? [Eminem] Second verse, it gets worse, it gets no better than this Amateurs drink veteran piss from a Dixie Cup, if you ever mix me up or CONFUSE ME with a Canibus or Dre with a DUPRI! We'll rub it in, every club you're in will have you blackballed and make sure you never rap a-fuckin-gain Dre ain't havin it; long as I'm here to play Devil's Advocate [Dr. Dre] If there was some magic shit I could wave over the industry that could save it when I'm gone and buried to make sure the tradition carries on, I would [Eminem] If I could only use this power for good I wouldn't; not even if I could [Dr. Dre] From the hood and I'm a hornet And I'ma only sting when I'm cornered [Eminem] And I'ma only sucka punch and swing without warning And swing to knock somebody's fuckin head off Cause I know if they get up I won't get a chance to let off Another punch I'm punk rock, no one's punk Don't give a FUCK! White 'Pac, so much spunk When I was little I knew I would blow up and sell a mill' and grow up, to be Atilla, go nuts and be a pillar [Dr. Dre] And I'm, somethin of a phenom' One puff of the chron', I'm unstoppable I'm alive and on top again There's no obstacle that I can't conquer so come along with us (come on!) [Dr. Dre] Now anybody who knows Dre knows I'm about fast cars and Alize, partyin all day But I handle my business cause it's work before play Don't look for trouble but I'll serve you gourmet However you want it, you can have it your way You fuck my night up I'ma fuck up your day Bullet with your name, sendin it your way {*clack*} That goes for anyone who walks through that doorway Cause this is my space, you invade it, live to regret it and you die tryin to violate it Fuck around, get annihilated; eyes dilated [Eminem] Heh, like my old lady Cause what you say is what you say, sometimes what you mean is two different things, dependin on your mood if it swings Think too many things Little hit of Dre's weed, I can do anything Catch a contact then I'm gone and I'm back I speed right; and my looseleaf's my launchpad [Dr. Dre] And I can pull any string Don't have to prove anything, catch a contract on your head You headed West, talk shit about Dre? You better get a vest, and invest in somethin to protect your head and neck [Eminem] And it's back and forth all day like Red and Meth I joke when I say I'm best in the booth, but a lot of truth is said in jest And if I ever do live to be a legend I'ma die a sudden death Five mics in The Source? Ain't holdin my fuckin breath But I'll suffocate for the respect 'fore I'll breathe to collect a fuckin check [Dre] Watch your fuckin mouth [Tim] Yo this Timbaland, tell them I said suck *chka* MY dick! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Eminem f/ Nate Dogg Album: The Eminem Show Song: 'Till I Collapse Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash * * It is the personal opinion of the webmaster that the chorus of this song  as it appears on Eminem's website and in his liner notes is just plain WRONG! [Intro] Sometimes you just feel tired, feel weak And when you feel weak, you feel like you wanna just give up But you gotta search within you, try to find that inner strength and just pull that shit out of you And get that motivation to not give up, and not be a quitter No matter how bad you wanna just fall flat on your face, and collapse [Eminem] Till I collapse I'm spillin these raps long as you feel 'em Till the day that I drop you'll never say that I'm not killin 'em Cause when I am not, then I'ma stop pinnin 'em and I am not hip-hop and I'm just not Eminem Subliminal thoughts, when I'ma stop sendin 'em Women are caught in webs, spin 'em and hoch venom Adrenalin shots of penicillin could not get the illin to stop Amoxacillin's just not real enough The criminal cop killin hip-hop villain A minimal swap to cop millions of 'Pac listeners You're comin with me, feel it or not you're gonna fear it like I showed ya the spirit of God lives in us You hear it a lot, lyrics to shock Is it a miracle or am I just product of pop fizzin up? Fo' shizzle my wizzle, this is the plot, listen up You bizzles forgot, Slizzel does not give a fuck [Chorus 2X: Nate Dogg] Till the roof comes off, till the lights go out Till my legs give out, can't shut my mouth Till the smoke clears out - am I high? Perhaps I'ma rip this shit, till my bones collapse [Eminem] Music is like magic, there's a certain feelin you get when you real and you spit an' people are feelin your shit This is your moment, and every single minute you spend tryin to hold on to it cause you may never get it again So while you're in it, try to get as much shit as you can And when your run is over just admit when it's at its end Cause I'm at the end of my wits with half the shit gets in I got a list here's the order of my list that it's in It goes Reggie, Jay-Z, Tupac and Biggie Andre from OutKast, Jada, Kurupt, Nas and then me But in this industry I'm the cause of a LOT of envy So when I'm not put on this list, the shit does NOT offend me That's why you see me walkin around like nothin's botherin me Even though half you people got a fuckin problem with me You hate it but you know respect you got to give me The press's wet dream like Bobby and Whitney, Nate hit me [Eminem] Soon as the verse starts, I eat at an MC's heart What is he thinkin? How not to go against me, smart! And it's absurd, how people hang on ev-ery word I'll probably NEVER get the props I feel I ever deserve But I'll never be served, my spot is forever reserved If I ever leave Earth, that would be the death of me first Cause in my heart of hearts I know nothin could ever be worse That's why I'm clever when I put together ev-ery verse My thoughts, are sporadic, I act, like I'm a addict I rap, like I'm addicted to smack like I'm Kim Mathers But I don't wanna go forth and back in constant battles The fact is I would rather sit back and bomb some rappers So this is like a full blown attack I'm launchin at 'em The track is on some battlin raps who want some static? Cause I don't really think that the fact that I'm Slim matters A plaque and platinum status is WACK if I'm not the baddest, so [Eminem] Until the roof [N.Dogg] Until the roof [Eminem] The roof comes off [N.Dogg] The roof comes off [Eminem] Until my legs [N.Dogg] Until my legs [Em + N] Give out from under me [Eminem] I will not fall, I will stand tall [Eminem] Feels like no one can beat me The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Eminem f/ Hailie Jade Album: The Eminem Show Song: My Dad's Gone Crazy Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash {with help from liner notes} {*channel surfing until a kid's TV show*} Hello boys and girls! Today we're gonna talk about father and daughter relationships Do you have a daddy? I'll bet you do! Who's your daddy? [Hailie] Daddy what are you doing? [Em + H] Okay then! Everybody, listen up! [Eminem] I'm goin to hell! Who's comin with me?! [Hailie] Somebody please help him! I think my dad's gone cray-zayy [Eminem] There's no mountain I can't climb, there's no tower too high No plane that I can't learn how to fly What do I gotta do to get through to you to show you there ain't nothin I can't take this chainsaw to? {Hailie: *VROOM*} Fuckin brains, brawn and brass balls I cut 'em off, and got 'em pickled and bronzed in a glass jar inside of a hall with my framed autographed sunglasses with Elton John's name, on my drag wall I'm out the closet, I've been lyin my ass off All this time me and Dre been fuckin with hats off (Suck it Marshall!) So tell Laura and her husband to back off 'fore I push this motherfuckin button and blast off and launch one at these Russians and that's all {*boom*} Blow every fuckin thing except Afghanistan on the map off When will it stop? When will I knock the crap off? {*knocking*} Hailie, tell 'em baby - (My dad's lost it!) [Chorus: Eminem] + {Hailie} There's really nothin else to say, I-I can't explain it {I think my dad's gone cray-zayy} A little help from Hailie Jade, won't you tell 'em baby {I think my dad's gone cray-zayy} There's nothin you could do or say, that could ever change me {I think my dad's gone cray-zayy} There's no one on earth that can save me, not even Hailie {I think my dad's gone cray-zayy} [Eminem] It's like my mother always told me Rana rana rana rana rana rana rana rana rana rana and codeine and God dammit you little motherfucker If you ain't got nuthin nice to say then don't say nuthin ... uh, fuck that shit bitch! Eat a motherfuckin dick, chew on a prick and lick a million motherfuckin cocks per second I'd rather put out a motherfuckin gospel record I'd rather be a pussy-whipped bitch, eat pussy and have pussy lips glued to my face with a clit ring in my nose than quit bringin my flows Quit givin me my ammo; can't you see why I'm so mean? If y'all leave me alone this wouldn't be my M.O. I wouldn't have to go eenee-meene-mini-moe Catch a homo by his toe, man I don't know no more Am I the only fuckin one who's normal any more? {Dad!} [Eminem] My songs can make you cry, take you by surprise at the same time, can make you dry your eyes with the same rhyme; see what you're seein is a genius at work Which to me isn't work So it's easy to misinterpret it at first cause when I speak, it's tongue-in-cheek I'd yank my fuckin teeth Before I'd ever bite my tongue, I'd slice my gums Get struck by fuckin lightnin twice at once and die and come back as Vanilla Ice's son And walk around the rest of my life spit on and kicked and hit with shit everytime I sung like R. Kelly as soon as "Bump and Grind" comes on More pain inside of my brain than the eyes of a little girl inside of a plane, aimed at the World Trade Standin on Ronnie's grave, screamin at the sky 'til clouds gather it's Clyde Mathers and Bonnie Jade And that's pretty much the gist of it The parents are pissed but the kids love it 9 millimeter heater stashed in 2 seaters with meat cleavers I don't blame you, I wouldn't let Hailie listen to me neither [Hailie] Ha ha ha ha!! You're funny daddy! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Eminem Album: The Eminem Show Song: Curtains Close (Skit) Typed by: ÇexyÇy {*Projector noise stops*} {*Ken Kaniff walks up to the microphone, grasshopper chirping is the only background noise*} {*Microphone screaches*} [Ken Kaniff] Uhhh-nmm {*He taps the microphone*} This thing on? Where'd everybody go? Uhh Guess who's back? Back again Ken is back Tell some men Rub my back Rub my back Rub my back Rub my back Oooh Wait Hello? {*Voice goes faint, realising no-one is there to listen*} Uhh Goodbye The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Eminem Album: Encore Song: Evil Deeds Typed by: giedz86@yahoo.com {with help from liner notes} [Eminem] Lord please forgive me for what I do For I know not what I've done [Chorus: Eminem] Father please forgive me for I know not what I do I just never had the chance to ever meet you Therefore I did not know that I would grow to be My mother's evil seed and do these evil deeds [Verse One] Momma had a baby and it's head popped off (head popped off head popped off, head popped off, head popped off, head popped off) My momma don't want me the next thing I know I'm gettin dropped off (gettin dropped off, gettin dropped off, gettin dropped off, gettin dropped off) Ring ring ring on the door bell and the next door neighbors on their front porch (their front porch, their front porch, their front porch, their front porch) But they didn't want me neither so they left me on someone else's lawn (else's lawn, else's lawn, else's lawn) 'til somebody finally took me in My Great Aunt and Uncle, Edna 'n Charles (Edna 'n Charles Edna 'n Charles, Edna 'n Charles, Edna 'n Charles) They were the ones who were left in charge My elementary they gang up on me and sang this song (sang this song, sang this song, sang this song, sang this song) It went a little somethin like Mary had a little lamb, little lamb, little lamb Debbie had a Satan spawn, Satan spawn Momma why do they keep saying this I just don't understand, understand And by the way, where's my daaaaaaaaaaad? [Verse Two] Predominantly, predominantly, everything's always predominantly Predominantly white, predominantly black, but what about me where does that leave me? Well I guess that I'm between predominantly both of 'em, I think if I hear that fuckin word again I'ma scream While I'm projectile vomiting, what do I look like, a comedian to you? Do you think that I'm kidding? What do I look like some kind of idi- wait a minute, shit, don't answer that - why am I so misunderstood? Why do I go through so much bullshit, it sucks bullshit, it's tush mull bish Woe is me, there goes poor Marshall again whinin about his millions  nd his mansion and his sorrow he's always drownin in From the dad he never had, and how his childhood was so bad And how his mom was a dope addict, and his ex-wife how they go at it Man I'd hate to have it, as bad as that Mr. Mathers, claims he had it I can't imagine it, that little rich poor white bastard needs to take some of that cash out the bank and take a bath in it Man if I only had half of it Shit, if you only knew the half of it [Verse Three] Evil deeds, while I plant these evil seeds Please release me from these demons I never had any of this shit planned mom, please believe I don't wanna be Satan's spawn, never got the chance to say I'm sorry Now look at all the pain I caused Dear Santa Claus, why you not comin this year again? What did I do that was so bad to deserve this? Everything could have been so perfect But life ain't a fairytale, I'm about to be hoist up in the air Forty feet below me, there's people everywhere I don't even know what it feel like, they know me cause I'm in this ferris wheel And all I wanna do is go to the mall and take Hailie on the carousel Without this crowd everywhere I go, but life is like a merry-go-round Here we go now, doe-se-doe now, curtains up, the show must go Now ring around the rosie, the show's over, you can all go home now But the curtain just don't close for me, this ain't how fame is supposed to be Where's the switch I could just turn off and on, this ain't what I chose to be So please God, give me the strength to have what it takes to carry on 'til I pass 50 back the baton, the camera's on, my soul is gone [Chorus] - repeat 2X {*gunshot*} [Eminem] Oh! {*crowd cheering*} [Eminem] That's him baby, let's go {*shells hit floor, clips inserted*} [Eminem] Detroit! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Eminem f/ 50 Cent, Nate Dogg Album: Encore Song: Never Enough Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash {with help from liner notes} [Eminem] There's not much you could do or say to phase me People think I'm a little bit crazy I get it from all angles, even occasionally Doc Drezy'll have to step in every once in a while to save me To make me stop and think about it 'fore I just say things Sometimes I forget what other people just may think A lot of rappers probably wouldn't know how to take me If they heard some shit I layed to tape 'fore they erase me I may be a little too fast-paced and racy Sometimes the average listener rewinds and plays me twenty times cause I say so many rhymes it may seem like I'm going too fast cause my mind is racing And I could give a fuck what category you place me Long as when I'm pushin up daisies and gone As long as you place me amongst one of them greats When I the heavenly gates, I'd be cool beside Jay-Z For every single die-hard fan who embrace me I'm thankful for the talent in which God gave me And I'm thankful for the environment that he placed me Believe it or not, I thank my mom, far as she raised me in a neighborhood daily that jumped and chased me It only made me, what I am today see Regardless of what anybody believes who hates me You ain't gonna make or break me Tryin to strip me of my credibility or make me look fake G You're only gonna be in for a rude awakening Cause sooner or later you haters are all gonna face me And when you face me with all the shit you've been savin to say to me, you had all this time to think about it Now don't pussy out, and try to about face me Cause I've been patiently waitin for the day that we finally meet, in the same place to see [Chorus 2X: Nate Dogg] No matter how many battles I been in and won No matter how many magazines on my nuts No matter how many MC's I eat up Ohhhh, it's never enough [50 Cent] My flow's untouchable, now you gotta face it Uh-oh, it gets worse when I go back to the basics You gon', say the wrong shit and get your whole face split The smell of victory love it so much I can taste it I spot my target, blaze it, direct hit, graze it Your peace talk, save it, your shit sounds, dated You're over-rated, I'm obli-gated, to study your moves then crush you motherfuckers If I'm the best and the worst then God's gift is a curse Soldier trained to destroy, you payin attention boy? I spit shit, slick shit, so quick you miss shit To be specific I go ballistic it's hieroglyphic My music is a drug, press play you ain't gotta sniff it Shoot it or pop it, roll it bag it or chop it It get you high over and over but you gotta cop it When it's hot it's hot, your hatin is undeniable, stop it The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Eminem Album: Encore Song: Yellow Brick Road Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash {with help from liner notes} * - first and last quotes are from NPR's KPBS broadcast of "Culture of Hate."  middle quote is from a speech Spiro Agnew made on May 22, 1970. [Intro] * "What we have to do is deal with it when these individuals are young enough,  if you will, to be saved. Not in a religious sense, but not to constitute  what this country, at times calls (yeah) their throw-away children." "We seem to be approaching (c'mon!) an age of the gross." {*burp*} "We all have this idea that we should, move up a little bit  from our parents' station and each generation should do a little bit better." [Verse 1] Aight c'mon, let's cut the bullshit enough, let's get it started Let's start addressin this issue and open it up Let's take this shit back to the basement and we can discuss statements that's made on this tape and this whole origin of the music that we all know and love, the music we all enjoy The music you accuse me of tryin to destroy Let's rewind it to eighty-nine, when I was a boy On the Eastside of Detroit, crossin 8 Mile into Warren In the hick territory, I'd like to share a story This is my story, and can't nobody tell it for me You have well informed me, and I'm well aware that I don't belong here, you've made that perfectly clear I get my ass, kicked damn near everywhere From Bel-Air Shoppin Center just for stoppin in there From the black side all the way to the white side Okay there's a bright side, a day that I might slide You may call it a pass, I call it haulin my ass Through that patch of grass over them railroad tracks Oh them railroad tracks, them old railroad tracks The good old notorious, so well known tracks [Chorus: repeat 2X] So let's go back, follow the yellow brick road As we go on another episode Journey with me as I take you through this nifty little place That I once used to call home sweet home [Verse 2] I'd roam in the streets so much, they'd call me a drifter Sometimes I'd stick up a thumb just to hitchhike Just to get picked up, to get me a lift to 8 Mile and Van Dyke, or steal a God damn bike From somebody's backyard, and drop it off at the park That was the halfway mark, to me Kim had to walk Back to her momma's, from Chalmers, after dark To sneak me in the house, when I'm kicked out my mom's That's about the time, I first met Proof with Goofy Gary on the steps at Osbourne, handin out some flyers We was doin some talent shows at Centerline High I told him to stop by and check us some time He looked at me like I'm out my mind Shook his head, like white boys don't know to rhyme I spit out a line, and rhymed birthday with first place And we both had the same rhymes that sound alike We was on the same shit, that Big Daddy Kane shit With compound syllables sound combined From that day we was down to ride Somehow we knew we'd meet again somewhere down the line [Chrous] [Verse 3] My first year of ninth grade, can't forget that day of school It was cool, 'til your man MC Shan came through And said that "Puma's the brand, cause the Klan makes Troops" It was rumors, but man, God damn, they flew Must have been true, because man, we done banned they shoes I had the new ones, the Cool J, ice lamb, suede too But we just threw them in the trash, like they yesterday's news Guess who came through next, X-Clan debuted +Professor X+ ("Vanglorious") exist in a state of +red, black, and green with a KEY, SISSIES!+ Now with this bein the new trend, we don't fit in Crackers is out, with "Cactus Albums," blackness is in African symbols and medallions, represent black power And we ain't know what it meant, me and my man Howard and Butter would go to the mall with them all over our necks like we're showin 'em off Not knowin at all we was bein laughed at "You ain't even half black; you ain't 'posed to have that  homey, let me grab that, and that Flava Flav clock  we gon' have to snatch that," all I remember is meetin back at Manics's basement, sayin how we hate this How racist but dope the X-Clan's tape is Which reminds me, back in eighty-nine me and Kim broke up for the first time, she was tryin to two-time me And there was this black girl at our school who thought I was cool cause I rapped, so she was kinda eyein me And oh, the irony, guess what her name was Ain't even gonna say it plus, the same color hair as hers was And blue contacts, and a pair of jugs The bombest God damn girl in our whole school If I could pull it, not only would I become more popular But I would be able to piss Kim off at the same time But it backfired, I was supposed to dump her But she dumped me for this black guy, and that's the last I ever seen or heard or spoke to the "Ol' Foolish Pride" girl But I've heard people say they heard the tape, and it ain't that bad But it was, I singled out a whole race And for that I apologize (apologize) I was wrong (was wrong) Cause no matter what color a girl is she's still a ho [Outro] Shut the fuck up, you fuckin pieces of shit! Get the fuck away from me you big fuckers! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Eminem Album: Encore Song: Like Toy Soldiers Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash {with help from liner notes} [Intro: interpolation of "Toy Soldiers" by Martika] Step by step, heart to heart Left right left, we all fall down.. [Chorus: interpolation of "Toy Soldiers"] Step by step, heart to heart Left right left, we all fall down Like toy soldiers Bit by bit, torn apart We never win, but the battle wages on We're toy soldiers [Verse 1] I'm supposed to be the soldier, who never blows his composure Even though I hold the weight of the whole world on my shoulders I ain't never 'sposed to show it, my crew ain't supposed to know it Even if it means goin toe to toe with the Benzino It don't matter I'd never drag 'em in battles that I can handle 'less I absolutely have to, I'm supposed to set an example I need to be the leader, my crew looks for me to guide 'em If some shit ever does pop off, I'm supposed to be beside 'em That Ja shit, I tried to squash it, it was too late to stop it There's a certain line you just don't cross, and he crossed it I heard him say Hailie's name on a song, and I just lost it It was crazy, the shit went way beyond some Jay-Z and Nas shit And even though the battle is won I feel like we lost it I spent so much energy on it, honestly I'm exhausted And I'm so caught in it, I almost feel I'm the one who caused it This ain't what I'm in hip-hop for, it's not why I got in it That was never my object, for someone to get killed Why would I want to destroy somethin I helped build? It wasn't my intentions, my intentions were good I went through my whole career without ever mentionin {Suge} And that was just out of respect, for not runnin my mouth And talkin about somethin that I knew nothin about Plus Dre told me stay out, this just wasn't my beef So I did, I just fell back, watched and gritted my teeth While he's all over TV, now I'm talkin a man who literally saved my life, like fuck it I understand This is business, and this shit just isn't none of my business I'm still knowin this shit could pop off at any minute, because [Verse 2] There used to be a time when, you could just say a rhyme and wouldn't have to worry about, one of your people dyin But now it's elevated, cause once you put someone's kids in it the shit gets escalated, it ain't just words no more is it? It's a different ball game, you call names and you ain't just rappin We actually tried to stop the 50 and Ja beef from happenin Me and Dre had sat with him, kicked it and had a chat with him And asked him not to start it, he wasn't gonna go after him Until Ja started yappin in magazines how he stabbed him Fuck him, 50 smash him, mash him and let him have it Meanwhile my attention's pulled in another direction Some receptionist at The Source who answers phones at his desk has an erection for me and thinks that I'll be his resurrection Tries to blow the dust off his mic and make a new record But now he's fucked the game up, cause one of the ways I came up was through that publication, the same one that made me famous Now the owner of it, has got a grudge against me for nothin? Well fuck it, that motherfucker could get it too, fuck him then But I'm so busy bein pissed off, I don't stop to think That we just inherited 50's beef with Murder INC And he's inherited mine, which is fine, ain't like either of us mind We still have soldiers that's on the front line that's willin to die for us as soon as we give the orders Never to extort us, strictly to show they support us And maybe shout 'em out in a rap or up in the chorus To show them we love 'em back and let 'em know how important it is to have Runyon Avenue soldiers up in our corners Their loyalty to us is worth more than ANY award is But I ain't tryin to have none of people hurt or murdered It ain't worth it, I can't think of a perfecter way to word it Than to just say that I love y'all too much to see the verdict I'll walk away from it all, 'fore I let it go any further But don't get it twisted, it's not a plea that I'm coppin I'm just willin to be the bigger man if y'all can quit poppin off at your jaws well then I can, cause frankly I'm sick of talkin I'm not gonna let someone else's coffin rest on my conscience cause The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Eminem Album: Encore Song: Mosh Typed by: Shady207@ghostmail.net {with help from liner notes} [Intro: little children] I pledge allegiance, to the flag, of the United States of America.. {*warplane flies overhead*} And to the republic, for which it stands.. [Eminem] People! .. one nation, under God, indivisible.. [Eminem] It feels so good to be back! .. with liberty and justice for all [Eminem] Mosh with me now [Verse 1] You scrutinize every word, memorize every line I spit it once, refuel, re-energize, and rewind I give sight to the blind, my insight tthrough the mind I exercize my right to express when I feel it's time It's just all in your mind, what you interpret it as I say to fight and you take it as "I'ma whip someone's ass" If you don't understand don't even bother to ask A father who has, grown up with a fatherless - past Who has blown up now, to rap phenomenon that has or at least shows no difficulty multi-taskin And juggling both, perhaps mastered his craft slash entrepreneur, who's helped launch a few more rap acts Whose has had a few obstacles thrown his way through the last half of his career typical manure movin past that Mr. Kiss-His-Ass-Crack, he's a class act Rubberband man yeah, he just snaps back Come along, follow me, as I lead through the darkness As I provide just enough spark that we need to procede, carry on, give me hope Give me strength, come with me, and I won't steer you wrong  Put your faith, and your trust, as I guide us through the fog To the light, at the end, of the tunnel we gon' fight We gon' charge, we gon' stomp, we gon' march through the swamp We gon' mosh through the marsh, take us right through the doors C'mon [Verse 2] All the people up top, on the side and the middle Come together let's all form, and swarm just a little Just let it gradually build, from the front to the back All you can see is a sea of people some white and some black  Don't matter what color all that metters we're gathered together to celebrate for the same cause no matter the weather If it rains, let it rain, yeah the wetter the better They ain't gon' stop us they can't, we're stronger now more than ever They tell us no we say yeah, they tell us stop we say go Rebel with a rebel yell, raise hell, we gon' let 'em know Stomp, push shove, mush, fuck Bush Until they bring our troops home c'mon, just [Verse 3] Imagine it pourin, just rainin down on us Mosh pits outside the Oval Office, someone's tryin to tell us somethin maybe this is God just saying we're responsible, for this monster This coward that we have empowered, this is Bin Laden Look at his head noddin - how could, we allow  somethin like this without, pumpin our fist now this is our, final hour.. Let me, be the voice, and your strength, and your choice Let me simplify the rhyme just to emplify the noise Try to amplify it, times-it, and multiply it by six-teen million people all equal at this high pitch Maybe we can reach Al'Qaeda through my speech Let the President answer a higher anarchy  Strap him with an AK-47, let him go fight his own war, let him impress daddy that way No more blood for oil, we got our own battles to fight on our own soil, no more psychological warfare to trick us to thinkin we ain't loyal If we don't serve our own country we're patronizin a hero Look in his eyes it's all lies The stars and stripes have been swiped, washed out and wiped and replaced with his own face, mosh now or die If I get sniped tonight, you'll know why - cause I told you to fight! [Eminem] And as we procede, to mosh through this Desert Storm And these closing statements, if they should argue Let us beg to differ As we set aside our differences, and assemble our own army To disarm, THIS weapon of mass destruction that we call our President, for the present And mosh for the future of our next generation To speak, and be heard Mr. President! Mr. Senator! [children] You guys hear us? {*laughing*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Eminem Album: Encore Song: Puke Typed by: younggunna917@yahoo.com {with help from liner notes} {*puking sounds*} [Eminem] There I go.. thinkin of you again You, don't, know, how, sick, you, make, me You make me fuckin sick to my stomach Every time I think of you, I puke! You, must, just, not, know-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-ohh You may not think you do, but you do Every time I think of you, I puke! [Verse 1] I was gonna take the time to sit down and write you a little poem But off of the dome would probably be a little more More suitable, for this type of song - whoa I got a million reasons off the top of my head that I can think of Sixteen bars just ain't enough to put some ink ta So fuck it I'ma start right here, I'll just be briefer Bout to rattle off some of the reasons I knew I shouldn't go and get another tattoo of you on my arm, but what do I go and do? I go and get another one, now I got two, ooo-ooo-ooo-ooo-ooo-ooh I'm sittin here, with your name on my skin I can't believe I went and did this stupid shit again My next girlfriend, now her name's gotta be Kim, shiii-iii-iii-iit If you only knew, how much I hated you For every motherfuckin thing you've ever put us through Then I wouldn't be standin here cryin over you, booo-ooo-ooo-ooo-hoo [Verse 2] I was gonna take the time to sit down and write you a little letter But I thought a song would probably be a little better Instead of a letter, that you'd probably just shred up - yeah I stumbled on your picture yesterday and it made me stop and think of How much of a waste it'd be for me to put some ink ta A stupid piece'a - paper I'd rather let you see how much I fuckin hate you in a freestyle You're a fuckin cokehead slut I hope you fuckin die I hope you get to hell and Satan sticks a needle in your eye I hate your fuckin guts you fuckin slut I hope you die, die-ie-ie-ie-ie-ie-ie! But please don't get me wrong - I'm not bitter I'm mad It's not that I still love you, it's not cause I want you back It's just that when I think of you it makes me wanna yak, aaa-aaa-aaaak But when else can I do, I haven't got a clue Now I guess I just move on I have no choice but to But every time I think of you, now all I wanna do, is puuu-uuu-uuuke! {*puking sounds*} [Eminem] God damn... Fuckin bitch The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Eminem Album: Encore Song: My 1st Single Typed by: mccoy_matt@hotmail.com {with help from liner notes} [Eminem] Ohhhhhh! Yeah! So much for first single on this one [Verse 1] Shady's the lable Aftermath is the stable {*neighing*} That the horses come out of {erra} of course we're about to {stir} up Some shit thick as Ms. Buttersworth's {syrup} It's the Mr. Picked-on-Christopher-Reeves just for no reason Other than just to tease him, cause he was his biggest {*belch*} fan He used to be Superman Now we're pourin liquor, on the curb in his, name for him "Eminem you wait 'til we meet up again, fucker  I'm kickin your ass for everything you've ever, said" It goes one for the money two for the fuckin show, ready, get set let's go Here comes the buckin bronco Stompin and stampedin up the damn street like dem buffalo soldiers I told ya I'm bout to blow, so look out below, Geronimo Motherfuckers is dominoes, I'm on a roll Around and around I go - when will I stop? I don't know Tryin to pick up where "The Eminem Show" left off But I know anything's possible, though I'm not gonna top what I sold I'm at the top of my game, that shit is not gonna change Long as I got Dr. Dre on my team I'll get away with murder I'm like O.J., he's like my Cochran today We keep the Mark Fuhrman tapes, in a safe, locked them away {*slam*} Better watch what you say, just when you thought you were safe Them fuckers got you on tape, you swear to God you was playin Whether or not you was little Joshua, gosh I wish I coulda told ya to not do the same, cause one day it could cost you your name And this was supposed to be my first single {*burp*} But I just fucked that up so Fuck it, let's all have fun let's mingle {*burp*} Slap a bitch and smack a ho This was supposed to be my catchy little jingle {*fart*} That you hear on your radio But shit's about to hit the shingle {*fart*} Oh, oh-oh-oh, oh-oh-no {erra} Oh, ah {erra} oh, ah {erra} Oh, ah {erra} oh oh ah ah Oh, ah {erra} oh, ah {erra} Oh, ah {erra} poo poo ca ca [Verse 2] {Erra erra} Erick swallowed some generic sleeping pills And woke up in bed next to his best friend Derreck bare naked {chiga chigga Jigga jigga} Janean just turned 16 and used a fake ID To sneak in V.I.P. to see R. Kelly - he he he he he he To be so young and naive Oh what I wouldn't give to live so Kim and carefree Paris and Nicky's parents must be so tickled they cherish every picture with their kids with hickeys all over their necks Hickory dickory {Dirk Diggler} look at me {work} wizardry with these words - am I a jerk or just jerk chicken? Or {chiga chigga chig chig jer chig jer} jerkin the chain 22 jerks in a jerk circle, or is it a circle jerk? Wait a minute, what am I sayin? Allow me to run it back and rewind it {blblblblblblblb well} let me ask you again Am I just jerkin the chain, am I beserk or insane? Or am I just one of them damn amateurs workin the damn camera Filmin one of them Paris Hilton homemade pornos Who keeps tiltin the lens at an angle {chigga chigga} Just recently somebody just discovered Britney and Justin videotapes of them fuckin When they were just Mouseketeers in the Mickey Mouse Club and dusted 'em And went straight to The Source with them cause they coulda sworn someone said Nuh - and then tried to erase and record over it But if you listen close enough to it you can hear the Uhh, uhh, and then they come-to Find out it, was-Justin sayin "I'm go-nna cum!" [Verse 3] Any opinions or somethin you just wanna get off your chest and address it about my lyrics I'd love to hear it All you gotta do is pick up the phone and just dial up this number It's 1-800-I'm-A-Dick-Sucker, I love to suck a dick And if someone picks up you can talk all the shit you want about me Just type in your number back and follow it by the pound key And I'll be sure to get back as soon as there comes a day that I fall out with Dre, wake up gay, and make up with Ray (hey!) So fuck a chicken, lick a chicken, suck a chicken, beat a chicken Eat a chicken like it's a big cock, ba-ca-BA-KAWK! Or suck a dick, and lick a dick, and eat a dick, and stick a dick in your mouth, I'm done you can fuck off, fucka-FUCK-OFF! {*burps*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: (Eminem f/) Paul Rosenberg Album: Encore Song: Paul (Skit) Typed by: ÇexyÇy {*in the style of a telephone answering machine message*} [Paul Rosenberg] Em, it's Paul Erm, listen, I just got a call from the label And, you're probably not going to be suprised but erm... Michael Jackson was extremely upset about the "Just Lose It" video and erm... I mean he's pissed so I-I dunno what he's going to do, but We gotta talk about how we are going to handle this Um, oh yeah, anyway Somebody told me that, er, they heard a rumour, that you got a new gun Err, I know it's probably not true But I just need to talk to you about that So erm, give me a call {*hangs up*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Eminem	 Album: Encore Song: Rain Man Typed by: bluntforce612@yahoo.com {with help from liner notes} Yeahhh.. Definitely - definately, definately dope Definitely - definately K-Mart, yeah Yeah {*farts*} [Eminem] You find me offensive; I find you offensive for finding me offensive Hence if I should draw out or line any fences; if so to what extents if any should I go? Cause it's getting expensive  Being on the other side of the courtroom on the defensive They say I cause extensive psychological nerve damage to the brain when I go to lengths; this far at other people's expenses I say you're all just too God damned sensitive It's censorship and it's downright blasphemous Let's end this shit now cause I won't stand for this And Christo-pher Reeves won't sit for this neither And let's clear this up too I ain't got no beef with him either He used to be like a hero to me I even believe I had one of those 25 cent stickers on my refrigerator Right next to Darth Vader And Darth must of put a hex on him for later I feel like it's my fault cause of the way that I stuck him up in between him and Lex Luthor I killed Superman I killed Super-man, and how ironic That I'd be the bad guy, kryptonite, the green chronic Cause I ain't got no legs, or no brain Nice to meet you, hi my name is... I forgot my name! My aim was not to become what I became; with this level of fame My soul is possessed by this devil - my new name is... Rain Man [Eminem] Now in the bible it says Thou shalt not watch two lesbians in bed, have homosexual sex Unless of course you were given the consent to join in Then of course it's intercourse and it's bisexual sex Which isn't as bad, as long as you show some remorse for your actions; either before during or after Performing the act of that which Is normally referred to as such more commonly known phrases That are more used by today's kids, in a more derogatory way But who's to say, what's fair to say And what not to say, let's ask Dr. Dre Dr. Dre (what up?) I got a question if I may (yeah) Is it gay to play putt-putt golf with a friend (yeah) And watch his butt butt when he tees off (yeah) But uh, I ain't done yet In football the quarterback yells out hut hut While he reaches in another grown man's ass Grabs on his nuts but just what if It was never meant, it was just an accident But he tripped fell slipped and his penis went in His teeny tiny little round hiney and he didn't mean it But his little weenie flinched just a little bit And I don't need to go into any more details but What if he pictured it as a female's butt Is that gay? I just need to clear things up 'Til then I'll just walk around with a manly strut, because [Eminem] You find me offensive, I find you offensive Shit this is the same verse, I just did this When am I gonna come to my good senses Probably the day Bush comes to my defenses My spider sense is tellin me Spider-Man is nearby And my plan is to get him next And open up a whoop ass canister God damnit Dre, where's the God damned beat (yeah) Anyway, anyway I don't know how else to put it This is the only thing that I'm good at I am the bad guy, kryptonite, the green chronic Demonic, yup yup, don't worry I'm on it I got it, high five Nick Lachey Stuck a pin in Jessica's ass and walked away And as she flew around the room like a balloon I Grabbed the last can of chicken tuna out the trash can and zoom I  Headed straight back to the Neverland Ranch With a peanut butter jelly chicken tuna sandwich And I don't even gotta make no God damned sense I just did a whole song and I didn't say shit! [Eminem] Cause AHH-AHH-AHH-AHH-AHH! Yup, Rain Man Definitely, definitely Dr. Dre Super dope, beatmaker Two thousand, two thousand four-hundred and eighty-seven million Nine hundred and se-seventy-three thousand four hundred and sixty-three.. .. seventy The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Eminem Album: Encore Song: Big Weenie Typed by: Boricua97PR@aol.com {with help from liner notes} I don't understand! Why are you being so mean? You're a mean mean man! You are just jealous of me cause you, you just can't do what I do So instead of just admitting it, you walk around and say All kinds of really mean things about me cause you're a meanie, a meanie But it's only cause you're, just really jealous of me Cause I'm what you want to be, so you just look like an idiot When you say these mean things, cause it's too easy to see You're really just a big weenie, big weenie [Verse 1] Alright listen, I need you to focus I need you to go dig deep in your mind, this is important We are going to perform an experiment of the sorts I'm going to have to ask you to bear with me for a moment Now I need you to open, your mind - your eyes close 'em You are now about to be placed under my hypnosis For the next four and a half minutes, we are going to explore into your mind to find out why you're so fucking jealous Now why did they make Yoo-Hoo? Hippity ga-ga boo-boo Psych I'm kidding, I just wanted to see if you're still listening Okay, now I need your undivided attention Sir I have a question - why do I always sense this undeniable tension, from the moment that I enter into the room It gets all quiet and whispers Whenever there's conversation, why am I always mentioned? I've been dying to ask, it's been itchin at me, is it just because [Verse 2] Alright now I, I just flubbed a line I was going to say something extremely important But I forgot who or what it was - I fucked up Psych I'm kidding again you idiot, no I didn't That's just what you wanted to hear from me is that I fucked up, ain't it? But I can bust one take without lookin at no paper {*crumple*} It doesn't take a bunch of takes or me to stand here in this booth all day For me to say the truth, okay? You're drooling, you have tooth decay Your mouth is open, you're disgusting, what the fuck you eat for lunch? A bunch of sweets or something, what? You munch a bunch of Crunch 'N Munch? Your tooth is rotten to the gum, tour breath stinks, wanna chew some gum? Yes I do sir, what am I on? You sir are on truth serum Marshall I'm so jealous of you, please say you won't tell nobody I'd be so embarrassed, I'm just absolutely terrified That someone's gonna find out why I'm saying all these terrible evil and awful mean things, it's my own insecurity! [Verse 3] Alright now we, we're going to conduct That experiment that we were talking about earlier Just to see what a frog, looks like when it takes two hits of ecstasy Cause that's exactly what your eyes look like, want to check to see? Here's a mirror, notice the resemblence here? Wait, let me put these sunglasses on, now look in this mirror How about now? What do you have in common? You're both green with envy and look like idiots with sunglasses on 'em You look like I sound like, singing about weenies Now take my weenie out of your mouth This is between me and you, I know you're not happy I know you'd much rather see me lying in the corner of a room somewhere crying, curled up in a ball tweaked out of my mind dying There is no denying that my weenie is much bigger than yours is Mine is like sticking a banana between two oranges Why you even doing this to yourself, it's pointless Why do we have to keep on going through this, this is tortureous My point is this - that if you say mean things, your weenie will shrink Now I forgot what the chorus is, you're just a.. [Eminem] Get the fuck off my dick! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Eminem Album: Encore Song: Em Calls Paul (Skit) Typed by: ÇexyÇy [Eminem - talking through an electrolarynx] 'Ey yo Paul It's Em I got your call about the Michael Jackson thing And I know that he's not "Thrilled" about the video What does he "Wanna be Startin' Somethin"? Er-wow Well I'll show him who's really "Bad" {* burps *} Paul, "The Way You Make Me Feel" with these calls You should really take a look at the "Man In The Mirror"  And tell him to "Beat it" because I "Won't stop 'til I get enough" Do you "Remember The Time" we were watching the "Billy Jean" video? Well he'll always be that Michael to me And it doesn't matter if he's "Black or White" Because I "Can't Stop Loving" him and I hate plastic surgeons And I hope they all fucking diiiiiiie! How do you like that? And I like him, I like him a lot I want to touch him but I can't {* Unintelligable compuerised speech with faint human straining noises *} Excuse me, I'm taking a shit Sorry Anyways, call me back I have this idea about how I want to end the show So, hit me when you get this message fucker Oh, and by the way No I don't have a new gun  {* Gun clicks *} [Faint human voice] Goddamn it! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Eminem Album: Encore Song: Just Lose It Typed by: ava_azn@yahoo.com * - * first single; send corrections to the typist - NO OTHER PRE-RELEASE LYRICS ACCEPTED [Intro] Guess who's back, back again Shady's back, tell a friend Now everyone report to the dance floor To the dance floor, to the dance floor Now everyone report to the dance floor Alright stop, pajama time [Verse 1] Come here little kiddies on my lap Guess who's back with a brand new rap And I don't mean rap as in a new case Of child molestation accusates Ah ah ah ah ah, no worries Papa's got a brand new bag of toys What else could I possibly do to make noise? I've done touched on everything but little boys That's not a stab at Michael That's just a metaphor, I'm just psycho I go a little bit crazy sometimes I get a little bit out of control with my rhymes Good god, dip, do a little slide Bend down, touch your toes, and just glide To the center of the dance floor Like TP for my bung hole And it's cool if you let one go Nobody's gonna know, who'd hear it? Give a little "poot poot," it's ok Oops my CD just skipped And everyone just heard you let one rip [Hook] Now I'm gonna make you dance It's your chance Yeah boy, shake that ass Whoops I mean girl, girl girl girl Girl you know you're my world Alright now lose it (ah ah ah ah ah) Just lose it (ah ah ah ah ah) Go crazy (ah ah ah ah ah) Oh baby (ah ah) oh baby (ah ah) [Verse 2] It's Friday and it's my day  Used to party all the way to Sunday Maybe 'til Monday I don't know what day Everyday's just a holiday Cruisin' on the freeway, feelin' kind of breezy Let the top down and my hair blow I don't know where I'm goin' All I know is when I ger there someone's gonna (touch my body) Excuse me miss, I don't mean to sound like a jerk But I'm feelin' just a little stressed out from work Would you punch me in the stomach and pull my hair Spit on me, maybe gouge my eyes out (yeah) Now what's ya name girl, what's ya sign? (Man you must be up out yo mind) Dre (ah ah) beer goggles, blind I'm just tryin' to unwind (now I'm) [Hook] Now I'm gonna make you dance It's your chance Yeah boy, shake that ass Whoops I mean girl, girl girl girl Girl you know you're my world Alright now lose it (ah ah ah ah ah) Just lose it (ah ah ah ah ah) Go crazy (ah ah ah ah ah) Oh baby (ah ah) oh baby (ah ah) [Verse 3] It's Tuesday and I'm locked up I'm in jail and I don't know what happened They say I was runnin' butt naked Down the street screamin' (ah ah ah ah) Well I'm sorry, I don't remember All I know is this much, I'm not guilty They said "Save it, boy we got you on tape Yellin' at an old lady" (touch my body) Now this is the part where the rap breaks down It's real intense, no one makes a sound Everything looks like it's "8 Mile" now The beat comes back and everybody lose themselves Now snap back to reality, look it's B. Rabbit Oh you signed me up to battle? I'm a grown man Tubba tubba tubba tubba tubba tubba tubba I don't have any lines to go right here so tubba Tellytubby fellas (what) fellas (what)  Grab your left nut, make your right one jealous (what) Black girls, white girls, skinny girls, fat girls Tall girls, small girls, I'm callin' all girls Everyone report to the dance floor It's your chance for a little romance or butt squeezin' It's the season, just go (ah ah ah ah) It's so appeasin' [Hook] Now I'm gonna make you dance It's your chance Yeah boy, shake that ass Whoops I mean girl, girl girl girl Girl you know you're my world Alright now lose it (ah ah ah ah ah) Just lose it (ah ah ah ah ah) Go crazy (ah ah ah ah ah) Oh baby (ah ah) oh baby (ah ah) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Eminem Album: Encore Song: Ass Like That Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash {with help from liner notes} [Eminem] Oww ba-byy! The way you shake it, I can't believe it I ain't never seen an - ass like that The way you move it, you make my pee-pee go D-DOING DOING DOING! I don't believe it, it's almost to good to be true I ain't never seen a - ass like that The way you move it, you make my pee-pee go D-DOING DOING DOING! [Eminem] The way she moves, she's like a belly-dancer She's shaking that ass to the new Nelly jams I think someone's at the door but I don't think I'ma answer Police saying FREEZE - D-DOING DOING DOING What do you mean freeze? Please, I'm a human being I have needs, I'm not done, not til I'm finished peeing I am not resisting arrest, I am agreeing Mr. Officer, I'm already on my knees I can't get on the ground any further, it's impossible for me And do not treat me like a murderer, I just like to pee Pee, pee, yes, I make R&B I sing song, it go Ring-a-Chong, a-Ching-Chong-Chong-Chong-Ching Psych I joke, I joke, I keed, I keed! If I offend, I'm sorry, please please forgive For I am Triumph the Puppet Dog, I am a mere puppet I can get away anything I say and you will love it! The way you shake it, I can't believe it I ain't never seen an - ass like that The way you move it, you make my pee-pee go D-DOING DOING DOING! Jessica Simpson, looks oh so tempting Nick I ain't never seen a - ass like that Everytime I see that show on MTV my pee-pee goes D-DOING DOING DOING! [Eminem] Mary Kate and Ashley used to be so handsome Now they getting older, they're starting to grow bum-bums I go to the movies and sit down with my popcorn Police saying FREEZE - D-DOING DOING DOING What do you mean, freeze? GEEZ, I just got my seat I have ticket, look I put it away, my zipper's zipped Please do not remove me from this movie theatre, please I did not even get to see, Mary Kate's shower scene I didn't mean to be obscene or make a great big scene And don't treat me like I'm Pee Wee Herman, this movie's PG Mr. Officer, I demand to see my attorney I will simple plead innocent, cop a plea, and be free Free, yes free, right back on the streets What you mean my lawyer's with Michael, he's too busy?  I am Triumph, Britney Spears has shoulders like a man And I can say that and you'll laugh cause there's a puppet on my hand The way you shake it, I can't believe it I ain't never seen an - ass like that The way you move it, you make my pee-pee go D-DOING DOING DOING! Hilary Duff is, not quite old enough so I ain't never seen her - butt like that Maybe next year I'll say ass and she'll make my pee-pee go D-DOING DOING DOING! [Eminem] The way she moves she dances like a go-go In that video she sings get out your puzzle I need a new boyfriend, hi my name is JoJo Police saying FREEZE - D-DOING DOING DOING What do you mean freeze? My computers will be seized And my keys, to my ranch, I just bake cookies Mr. Officer, lookie, take a whiff of this Here, I make Jesus juice, take a sip of this Nobody is safe from me, no not even me I don't even know if I can say the word pee-pee Pee, on the radio but I think I did Janet is that a breast? I think I just saw a tit Psych I joke, I joke, I keed, I keed I don't think my joke is working, I must flee quick! Get to the chopper, everybody get out I am not Triumph, I am Ah-nuld, get dowwwn! The way you shake it, I can't believe it I ain't never seen an - ass like that The way you move it, you make my pee-pee go D-DOING DOING DOING! So Gwen Stefani, will you pee-pee on me please I ain't never seen a - ass like that Cause the way you move it, you make my pee-pee go D-DOING DOING DOING! [Dr. Dre] THE FUCK IS WRONG WITCHU? [Eminem] HA!! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Eminem f/ 50 Cent, Obie Trice, Stat Quo Album: Encore Song: Spend Some Time Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash {with help from liner notes} [Eminem] If there's any bitches in this room Then there's something I gotta say, say For all the fools, who fell for the first girl who comes their way, way I've been down that road and, now I'm back Sittin on square one, one Tryin to pick myself up Where I started from [Obie Trice] I never woulda thought that I'd see you out of control Even though, my penis was deep down in your hole You should know between us we was like mates of soul Nothin could intervene us, especially no hoes You was more so the chalant type I chose to more shows Haunted you nights I suppose, that's how it go With time spent, emotion grows In the beginning friends, we decided to roll So who's responsible when you get excited, explode and Obie's grinnin, then you invite that Obie's cold But bitches they gon' talk, niggaz they gon' hate We established this way befo' we became mates So what's required is that you chill with all that fire Get your desire when I retire, and [Chorus: Eminem] "Spend some time with me - savour, the good times" I, never thought I'd find, someone to be mine Lord knows I was right, cause you just crossed the line.. "Spend some time with me - savour, the good times" [Eminem] I used to say I never met a girl like you before Still ain't got a fuckin clue as to who you truly are Almost went as far as introducin you to my daughters 'til you went as far as goin and snoopin through my drawers Now I just feel stupid for the loop that you threw me for Can't believe I almost flew the coop for some stupid whore You used to say all you wanted was for me to be yours All I ever wanted from you was a few booty calls If you recall I used to treat you like a groupie broad When we fucked I refused to even take my jewelry off But it threw me off the first time I called and you blew me off It was a shock, it struck me as odd, but it turned me on You started gettin moody on me, pretty soon we'd argue And the ruder you got, the more beautiful you got to me And whoulda even knew that, who woulda even thought possibly Cupid could shoot another one of them God damned darts at me It's true that I got shot in the heart But when someone seems too good to be true, they usually are But see, when you're in it it's too hard to see 'til you pull up and see some other dude's car parked and reach {*click*} up under the seat as your heart starts to beat Before you make a decision that's life altering And just as you halt and you turn and you start to leave You hear them words echoing, almost haunting, that taunting ring [Stat Quo] Ha ha, yeah right bitch Spend some time with my dick In most cases - Stat's attitude is "fuck a bitch" My only motive is to get head and fuck a bitch But you was diff-erent, thought we shared a covenant Even held your hand in pub-lic, we sufferin because of this Shorty on some whole 'nother other shit Tryin to play slick, thinkin I'ma trick off grip I'll admit, I was caught in the mix, down to commit Feedin you the best of me, I shoulda fed you piss We started off closer than close, but who coulda predicted to know your triflin ways woulda stopped our growth And the final result, back in that same boat I asked myself, do I love these hoes? NOPE! [50 Cent] Em introduced, 50 this is Tanya, Tanya this is 50 Then slid off and left her to kick it with me I complimented her, I said you have very nice lips With my imagination, I could see her suckin my dick We played the phone game a week later, shit changed fast Had her comin over in a cab to give me some ass Downtown Manhattan on the balcony, stare at the skyline Penthouse full of imported shit, you know how I grind She got to talkin, talkin like a opportunist do Why talk when suckin my dick is the real career move Said she's an inspirin actress, she do videos for practice Yeah yeah, know how many times I done heard that shit? The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Eminem Album: Encore Song: Mockingbird Typed by: bricher@psu.edu {with help from liner notes} [Eminem)] Yeah... I know sometimes, things may not always make sense to you right now But hey, what daddy always tell you? Straighten up little soldier - stiffen up that upper lip What you cryin about? You got me [Verse 1] Hailie I know you miss your mom, and I know you miss your dad when I'm gone but I'm tryin to give you the life that I never had I can see you're sad, even when you smile, even when you laugh I can see it in your eyes, deep inside you wanna cry Cause you're scared, I ain't there, daddy's with you in your prayers No more cryin, wipe them tears, daddy's here no more nightmares We gon' pull together through it, we gon' do it Laney, Uncle's crazy ain't he yeah but he loves you girl and you better know it We're all we got it this world, when it spins, when it swirls When it whirls, when it twirls, two little beautiful girls Lookin puzzled, in a daze, I know it's confusin you Daddy's always on the move, mama's always on the news I try to keep up sheltered from it, but somehow it seems the harder that I try to do that the more it backfires on me All the things growin up as Daddy that he had to see Daddy don't want you to see but you see just as much as he did We did not plan it to be this way, your mother and me But things have got so bad between us, I don't see us ever bein together ever again, like we used to be when we was teenagers But then of course everything always happens for a reason I guess it was never meant to be But it's just somethin that we have no control over and that's what destiny is But no more worries, rest your head and go to sleep Maybe one day we'll wake up and this'll all just be a dream Now hush little baby, don't you cry Everything's gonna be alright Stiffen that upper lip up little lady, I told ya Daddy's here to hold, ya through the night I know mommy's not here right now and we don't know why We feel how we feel inside It may seem a little crazy, pretty baby But I promise, momma's gon' be alright [Verse 2] Heh, it's funny I remember back one year when daddy had no money Mommy wrapped the Christmas presents up and stuck 'em under the tree and said some of 'em weren't from me, cause daddy couldn't buy 'em I'll never forget that Christmas I sat up the whole night cryin Cause daddy felt like a bum, see daddy had a job But his job was to keep the food on the table for you and mom And at the time, every house that we lived in Either kept gettin broken into and robbed or shot up on the block And your mom, was savin money for you in a jar Tryin to start a piggy bank for you so you could go to college Almost had a thousand dollars, 'til someone broke in and stole it And I know it hurt so bad it broke your momma's heart And it seemed like everything was just startin to fall apart Mom and dad was arguin a lot so momma moved back on the Chalmers in the flat, one bedroom apartment And dad moved back to the other side of 8 Mile on Novara And that's when daddy went to California with his CD and met Dr. Dre, and flew you and momma out to see me But daddy had to work, you and momma had to leave me Then you started seein daddy on the TV And momma didn't like it, and you and Laney were too young to understand it Papa was a rollin stone, momma developed a habit And it all happened too fast for either one of us to grab it I'm just sorry you were there and had to witness it first hand Cause all I ever wanted to do was just make you proud Now I'm sittin in this empty house, just reminiscin Lookin at your baby pictures, it just trips me out To see how much you both have grown, it's almost like you're sisters now Wow, guess you pretty much are, and daddy's still here Laney I'm talkin to you too, daddy's still here I like the sound of that, yeah, it's got a ring to it don't it? Shh, momma's only gone for the moment [Eminem] And if you ask me to daddy's gonna buy you a mockingbird I'ma give you the world I'ma buy a diamond ring for you, I'ma sing for you I'll do anything for you to see you smile And if that mockingbird don't sing and that ring don't shine I'ma break that birdie's neck I'd go back to the jeweler who sold it to ya And make him eat every carat, don't fuck with dad Ha ha! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Eminem Album: Encore Song: Crazy in Love Typed by: datsippiguh24@yahoo.com {with help from liner notes} [sample from "Crazy on You" by Heart] Tell myself that I was doing alright There's nothing left to do tonight But go crazy on you.. crazy on you! Let me go crazy, crazy on youuuuuuuuuu-ohhhhhh [Verse 1] Can't you see what you do to me baby? You make me crazy, you make me act like a maniac I'm like a lunatic, you make me sick You're truly the only one who can do this to me You just make me get so crazy I go schizo, I get so insane I just go schizophrenic One minute I want to slit your throat, the next I wanted sex You make me crazy, the way we act like two maniacs in the sack We fuck like two jackrabbits and maybe that's a bad habit Cause the next day we're right back at it In the same exact pattern What the fuck is the matter with us? We can't figure out if it's lust or it's love which that is attractin us to each other They say that every man grows up to marry his own mother Which would explain why you're such a motherfuckin bitch but I stay and still stick it out with you even though I just hit you today But you deserve it you hit me first and provoked me to choke you Just cause I came home late last night crawled in bed and I woke you But if there's one thing about you that I admire it's baby Because you stay with me, maybe, because you're as crazy as I am Cause when I look at you I can see an angel in your eyes But if I look deeper inside I see your freakish little side Like a devil in disguise, you're always full of surprises Always pullin devices out your personal vibrators and dildos You fucked yourself so much you barely feel those anymore You're only 24 but you're plenty more ma-ture than those other little hoes who just act like little girls Like they're in middle school still you're crazy sexy cool, chillin You play your position you never step out of line Even though I stay in your business you've always kept out of mine I wonder what's on your mind, sometimes they say love is blind Maybe that's why the first time I dotted your eye you ain't see the sign [Eminem - over first two lines of Chorus] Or maybe you did, maybe you like me and stuff Maybe cause we're crazy in loooove [Eminem] You are the ink to my paper, what my pen is to my pad The moral, the very fiber, the whole substance to my rap You are my reason for being, the meaning of my existence If it wasn't for you I would never be able to spit this as intense as I do and the irony is you rely on me as much as I rely on you to inspire me like you do You provide me the lighter fluid, the fuel to my fire You're my entire supply - gas, the match, and igniter The only way that I am able to stay so stable is you're the legs to my table If you were to break I'd fall on my face But I'm always gonna make you feel I don't need you as much as I really need you so you don't use it to your advantage But you're essential to me you're the air I breathe I believe if you ever leave me I'd probably have no reason to be You are the Kim to my Marshall you're the Slim to my Shady The Dre to my Eminem, the Elaina to my Hailie You are the words that I'm lookin for when I'm tryin to describe how I feel inside and the right one just won't come to my mind You're like the pillar that props me up, the beam that supports me The bitch who never took half, the wife who never divorced me You're like the root to my evil, you let my devil come out me You let me beat the shit out you before you beat the shit out me [Eminem - over first two lines of Chorus] And no matter how much, too much is never enough Maybe cause we're crazy in loooove The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Eminem f/ D-12 Album: Encore Song: One Shot 2 Shot Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash {with help from liner notes} {*gun shots, crowd screaming*} I told y'all motherfuckers I was comin back (oh shit) What now nigga, what now? What? Brewster Projects nigga [Chorus: Eminem] One shot, two shot, three shots, four shots All I hear is gunshots, this is where the fun stops Bodies drop, hit the floor, music's off, party stops Everybody hit the door, somebody's lickin shots off [Bizarre] Security's gone, I'm trapped in the club And I'm tryin to run and get my motherfuckin gun (Nigga what about yo' wife?) Nigga fuck my wife I'm tryin to run and save my motherfuckin life Oh, shit! The shooter's comin Bitches hollerin, niggaz runnin People, shot all over the floor And I'm tryin to make it to the St. Andrew's door {hey man) {*chk-chk-BOOM*} That's the sound of the glock Even DJ Houseshoes fucked around and got shot I done messed around, and forget my tec I don't see nobody, but Fat Five and Hex [Eminem] Kuniva you aight? [Kuniva] These niggaz is trippin [Eminem] Where's Bizarre at? [Kuniva] I'm tryin to slip through the exit and get to where my car is at Bitches screamin everywhere and niggaz is whylin Two minutes ago we was all jokin and smilin This chick is clingin on to me, sobbin and sighin Sayin she didn't mean to diss me earlier and she cryin But it's real and it's on and caps is gettin peeled So I hugged her and used her body as a human shield and {*blam* AHH!} She got hit and now she's yellin {DON'T LEAVE ME!} I told her I'd be right back and the dumb bitch believed me I squeezed through the back door and made my escape I ran and got my .38 I hope it's not too late! [Kon Artis] I been tryin to call you all day motherfucker where you at? [Swifty Mc] I'm on 7 Mile {*gunfire*} what the fuck was that? [Swifty Mc] {*gunfire*} Damn, somebody hit me from the back! [Kon Artis] What with they car? [Swifty Mc] With a gat nigga, and my tire flat [Swifty Mc] {*crash*} And I just hit a pole, them niggaz some hoes [Kon Artis] Is you hit? [Swifty Mc] I don't know, but I can tell you what they drove [Swifty Mc] It was a black Mitsubishi [Kon Arist] Shit, that's the click we beefin with [Swifty Mc] Maaaaan! [Kon Artis] I swear [Swifty McVey] And I was on my way there Believe me, I'm leavin a carcass today And I'ma park my car and walk the rest of the way I'm in the mood to strut, my AK ain't even tucked I'ma meet you at the club, we gon' fuck these hoes up! [Eminem] I never seen no shit like this in my life before People are still camped out from the night before Sleepin outside the door, waitin in line still tryin to get inside the club to see D-12 perform The fire marshalls know, the venue's too small People are wall to wall, three thousand and some odd fans and some cumwad from out the parking lot Gets in an argument over a parking spot Decides to pull his gun and lets a few of them off Missed who he's aimin for, six feet away is the door into St. Andrew's Hall, now the strays flyin all over the place Grazed one bitch in the face Another one of 'em came through the wall Before anyone could even hear the first shot go off I'm posted up at the bar, havin a mazeltov Bullet whizzed right by my ear, damn near shot it off Thank God I'm alive, I gotta find Denaun And where the fuck is Von? He usually tucks one on him Wait a minute, I think I just saw Bizarre Nah I guess not, what the fuck? Oh my God, it was! I never saw him run so fast in my life Look at him haulin ass, I think he left his wife There she is, on the ground, bein trampled I go to grab her up by the damn hand, but I can't pull her {*blam*} God damn, there just went another damn bullet I'm hit, my vest is barely able to handle it It's too thin, if I get hit again I can't do it I scoop D, follow Bizarre's path, ran through it and made it to the front door and collapsed on the steps looked up and I seen Swift Shootin it out but I can't see who he's shootin it out with But Denaun's right behind him, squeezin his four-fifth [Kon Artis] Yo, it's a Friday night, came to this bitch right Big ass on my left, hand Desert Eagle in my right I ain't come in this bitch to party, I came in this bitch to fight Although I can't stay here to fight cause I'm poppin niggaz tonight That's right bitches I'm drunk with revenge Shot a bouncer in the neck for tryin to check when I get in Swift told me to meet him here, so it's clear that the schmuck that shot out the back of his truck is up in this motherfucker So one shot for the money, two is to stop the show The third's for the bartender (bitch bring me a bottle of Mo') I just wanna know who drivin the black Mitsubishi? He tried to run, so Proof shot him in the knee with a three-piece The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Eminem Album: Encore Song: Final Thought (Skit) Typed by: ÇexyÇy {* People chanting "Eminem" *} {* Paper rustling and tearing *} {* Footsteps *} {* Door opens and slams shut *} {* More footsteps *} {* Chanting gets a little louder *} {* Gun reloading *} {* Chanting stops *} {* Sighs *} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Eminem f/ 50 Cent, Dr. Dre Album: Encore Song: Encore Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash {with help from liner notes} [50] Sh-sh-sh-SHA-DY! Aftermath [Em] Ha ha, G-G-G-G, G-Unit! [50] Ha ha! (Ha ha) [Chorus: 50 + Eminem] Cause we came here to set this party off right Let's bounce toniiiiiight And if they don't let us in through the front do' Come through the siiiiiide Cause I don't wanna ever leave the game without at least saying goodbyyyyyye So all my people on the left, all my people on the right scream one last tiiiiiime [Eminem] Get your ass up for the Doctor, one more time Get your ass up for the Doctor, c'mon now! Here we go, cliffhanger, it's another club banger Got you hangin on the edge of your seat, get on down [Dr. Dre] Time's up, game's over, you lose, I win Bout to show these knuckleheads how to do this here Ooh yeah, new year, next phase begin Look who's got you goin crazy again I'ma trend, I set one every time I'm in I go out and just come back full circle again You a fad, that means you somethin that we already had But once you're gone you don't come back [Eminem] Too bad, you're off the map now, radar can't even find you We stay on the grind you slip, we out-grind you You walk around mad you let your anger blind you We walk around just playin the violin behind you Enough with all the pissin and moanin, whinin and bitchin Sit and observe, listen you'll learn if you pay attention Why I send multi-platinum albums, later three diamond Worldwide, we on the charts with a bullet, and still climbin [Em] When Dr. Dre says crunk, you will get it crunk! [Dr] Get it crunk (CRUNK, CRUNK, CRUNK) [Em] And when 50 Cent says jump, you get on one foot and [50] Jump (JUMP, JUMP, JUMP) [Dr. Dre] The buzz is tremendous, we drop you artists censored I don't gotta promote it, for you to know that Doc is off the benches [Eminem] We keep the party rockin off the hinges We ain't showin off, we're just goin off, popular contentions [Dr. Dre] But critics say that Doc is soft, Doc is talk, Doc is all washed up, knock it off, who the fuck is Doc impressin? Doctor's this, Doctor's that, you got the wrong impression You must be on the cock of Doc, cause Doc left you all guessin So DJ take the needle and just drop it on the record {*crackle*} WHAT? We gon' have this motherfucker hoppin in a second (PUMP PUMP) That's why we always save the best cut last to make you scratch and itch for it like fresh cut grass [Eminem] Cause we done swam with the sharks, wrestled with alligators Spoke to a generation of angry teenagers whom if it wasn't for rap to bridge the gap maybe raised to be racist Who may have never got to see our faces Graced the cover of Rolling Stone pages, broke down barriers of language and races, just call on the caped crusaders and leave it to me and Dre to pass the mic and we can play the back and forth all day like the hot potato game that's why we came to [Eminem] 50 Cent, c'mon! [50 Cent] Bounce now, hands up, you know how we do We make the club jump, everywhere we go It's no secret, everybody know When Dre's involved, there's plenty money involved [Dr. Dre] And plenty honies involved, the sunny Sundays and palm trees Cali, every day is just another party from the valleys All the way to them 8 Mile alleys, let's rally [Eminem] Hands up for the grand finale Now raise up out your seat, Dre's about to speak Blaze a pound of weed six days up out the week [Dr. Dre] You can catch me in the studio, bangin out the beats to provide you with the heat that keep blazin out your speaker [Eminem] So never say never cause Shady/Aftermath together along with G-Unit Records, presents the return of The, The Doc (and Shady) no one can do it better We tear the club up and leave without a shred of evidence that uh [Eminem] Yeah! Ha ha Still Aftermath, 2006 And don't worry bout that "Detox" album, it's comin We gon' make Dre do it (ha ha) 50 Cent, G-Unit Obie Trice, D-Twizy, Stat Quo, Dr. Dre, we ain't leavin Let's go! Ha ha Ladies and gentlemen Thank you all for comin out PEACE! {*crowd cheers to fade and chants "Em-i-nem*} [Eminem] Oh shit, I almost forgot, you're comin with me! {*gunshots*} [Eminem] {*laughing*} {*scream*} [Eminem] {*laughing*} Bye bye! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Eminem Album: Encore (Bonus Disc) Song: We as Americans Typed by: XxDJBARBQxX@aol.com {with help from liner notes} [Eminem singing] There's an intruder.. in my house He cut my phone line.. can't dial out I scream for police.. but I doubt They're gonna hear me.. when I shout [Eminem] A couple of cocktails'll send me to jail There's a couple of cops hot on my trail But this time, when I get pulled over there's a Doberman Pinscher and a pitbull in the seat These pigs'll get bit foolin with me, quit foolin with me Bitch, you're gonna see, no pistol in the seat Why it always gotta be an issue when you're me? And which you're gonna see in the long run, I'ma be the wrong one you wanna harass with this limo-tinted glass Flashin that flashlight on my ass, where was you at last night when them assholes, ran up on my grass? Rapper slash actor - kiss the crack of my cracker slash ass They took away my right to bear arms What I'm 'posed to fight with bear palms? Yeah right - they comin with bombs, I'm comin with flare guns We as Americans We as a Americans, us as a citizen Gotta protect ourselves, look at how shit has been We better check ourselves, livin up in these streets Through worse and through better health, survivin by any means  We as Americans, us as a citizen We are samaritans, what do we get us in We better check ourselves, look at how shit has been Take a look where you live, this is America  And we are Americans [Eminem] I make beaucoup bucks, wearin beaucoup vests Drama hanging over my head like a voodoo hex I coulda been next to fly over the cuckoo's nest with you know who, with an 'S' tatooed to my chest But I've finessed it, now I've got the industry pissy Ever since me and Dre split it fifty-fifty on 50 It's funny, we got a buzz spreadin quicker than makin paper airplanes out of a twenty - fuck money! I don't rap for dead presidents; I'd rather see the President {dead} It's never been said, but I set precedents and the standards and they can't stand it My name shoulda been bastard, the shit shoulda been plastered on my forehead with a stamp, I shoulda been blasted I shoulda been had a cap put in my ass But I'm too swift and fast for that, I'm past it I'm too old to go and cruise Gratiot, fuck that shit I done seen how fast this rap shit can turn into some pap-pap shit, that quick, snap click But this time they got fuckin auto-ma-tic Ain't no one gon' test this mon, clack-click! [Eminem] (sshhhhh) I got a secret if you can keep it between us I tuck two nina's under my jeans either side of my penis Under my longjohns, under my Sean Johns When runnin with the long arm of the law I'm long gone I'ma do five years, no less than that, no questions asked So it might be a good idea to stop right here And quit while I'm ahead, already in the red Already got a steady infrared mapped on my head A target on my back, bigger problems than that Bin Laden on my ass, he probably gon' send a task I ain't gon' even ask, they ain't gon' let me pack They ain't gon' gimme my semi but I got my mac back The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Eminem Album: Encore (Bonus CD) Song: Love You More Typed by: r_eduardo_h45@hotmail.com {with help from liner notes} [Eminem] Still love me? Take this {*guns cocked*} You ready? One, two, three! {*two shots*} [Chorus: Eminem] The more you, put me through The more it makes me wanna come back to you You say you hate me? I just love you more You don't want me, I just want you more I buy you flowers, you throw 'em at me I know it's sad but it's makin me happy The more that you slap me, the more that it turns me on Cause you love me, and I love you more [Verse 1] It's sick but who could ever predict, we'd be doin the same shit We say we do it for our baby but we don't We do it for us, it's lust, cause neither one of us trust each other So we fuck 'til we bust and we cuss each other, out We know what it's about, SHOUT 'til I throw you out the house, you throw me out the house I throw you on the couch, punch you in the mouth Fistfight 'til we turn this mother out Then apologize after, laughter, pain It's insane we're back in the same chapter again And it's sad but it's true, when I'm layin here with you There ain't nothin anyone could ever say or ever do cause [Verse 2] Cause I hate you, do you hate me? Good - cause you're so fuckin beautiful when you're angry It makes me, wanna just take you and just throw you on the bed and fuck you like I don't even know you You fuck other people and I fuck other people You're a slut, but I'm equal, I'm a mutt, we're both evil in our ways but neither one of us would ever admit it Cause one us would have one up on the other so forget it We can make accusations, people spred rumors But they ain't got proof, if they do it's just the two of us It's you and me, cause any chick can say that she screwin me But you gotta believe me to a degree cause true indeed if you didn't I wouldn't be hittin.. yeah I would Cause the sex is too damn good, if I ran who would I run to that would be this soft and warm So it's off and on, usually more off than on But at least we know, that we share this common bond You're the only one I can fuck without a condom on I hope, the only reason that I cope is cause of that fact And plus I can bust in that and that's why [Verse 3] I can never understand it, that's why I don't try From junior high until we both die, it's silly Oh why must we try, is it really so rough that we must always call each other's Billy Goat's Gruff? Try to pull each other's legs, until the other begs We're lyin to ourselves, that's the beauty of it geah Cause we truly love each other, that's why we always fightin All we do is shove each other every other fuckin night And it's clear it ain't gonna change, it's pent up rage we both had, we both feel like we've been upstaged by someone else, we've both been with someone else And someone else's problems neither one wants help It's an addiction and it can't be fixed Our family's mixed up, there's a baby sister in the mix And it hurts cause the pieces to the puzzle don't fit And anybody who thinks they know us doesn't know shit And they're probably just tired of hearin it all the time On every song, every lyric and every rhyme All the hoop-la, all the whoopty-woo What you put me through, fuckin whoopty-do But I won't be made a fool of, if this is true love you wouldn't do what, you did last time, you wouldn't screw up this time, cause this time girl I'm tellin you what You do it again I'm fuckin you up [Outlude] No matter what you say, or what you do I'ma hunt you down 'til I find you No matter where you run, I'll be right there Right behind you, in your nightmares So I brought you the flowers, and the candy All the times that you threw it back at me So when you hate me, you gon' hate me more When you find out, you can't escape me whore The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Eminem Album: Encore (Bonus Disc) Song: Ricky Ticky Toc Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com {with help from liner notes} [Eminem] Once you call my name out things will never be the same They shoulda never let us get our foot in this game Ever since I was introduced to rap music I been missin a screw like Bishop in "Juice," I could lose it at any moment, those who know me know it So they probably told to go with the flow, just so that I don't explode and, have another episode where I let it go as far as the one with Benzino did {*gun cocks*} I'm waitin for that next beef, I'm cocked locked and loaded I'm ready to go so bad I'm goin bananas, my dick's so hard Anna Nicole could use it to fuckin pole-vault with Oh shit! I mean when she was still bloated before they cut her stomach open and lypo'ed it Anybody I throw flames at, gets a name It's a game, cause they know that they don't spit the same It's a shame, what people do for ten minutes of fame Everyday it's the same thing People in this game try to buddy-buddy us Just to get close enough to study us Everybody just wants to have somethin to do with that They all tryna get that stamp They after that Shady/Aftermath money It's like a monopoly They probably just now finally understand "How to Rob" fully 50 Cent was like a fuckin jackpot for me And Dre, it's like we hit the fuckin lottery and the damn slot machine at the same time as each other Why the fuck you think we ride like we brothers? When we rhyme with each other, in time we discovered that we had more in common that we thought with each other Both robbed of our mothers, our fathers ain't want us What was wrong with us, was it our fault? Cause we started thinkin God doesn't love us Two odd motherfuckers who just happened to meet at the right time What a coincidence it is, cause when 50 got shot up in Jamaica Queens, I still remember the call up at Chung King cause Big L had just got popped just a month before If 50 lives he's gettin dropped from Columbia Two years later me and Doc had to come and uhh Operate, that's when he popped up at number one And we ain't never gonna stop if you wonderin Even if I'm under the gun You ain't got to agree all the time with me or see eye to eye There'll always be animosity between you and I But see the difference is, if it is, I could give a shit Still gonna conduct motherfuckin business as usual Egos aside 'fore I bruise 'em all Swallow your pride 'fore I step on it with shoes you call Nikes, Earthlings, how do you like these? You gotta love 'em, look at the bottom of 'em, they're like cleats Stompin, I been rompin since Tim Dog was, hollerin, "Fuck Compton" I was whylin, freestylin Back when, they were still makin, Maxell casettes It wasn't even rap sell us yet, that tells us that any doubts in your head that seals the shit Ricky ticky toc, ticky ticky toc Still with the Diggy Diggy Doc, Diggy Diggy Doc And ya don't stop... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Eminem Album: Curtain Call - The Hits Song: Fack Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Chorus: Eminem - harmonizing] + {Eminem with an Eric Cartman-esque voice} Owww, owww, OWWWWWW {OW! GAWD DAMN!} I'm, gonna fack-,-ing cum {OHH SHIT!} Fack, fack, FAAAACK {FACK, I AM!} I am, I'm going, to cum {I'M CUMING! .. OH, YES!} [Verse One] I never seen no chick like this This bitch can twist like a damn contortionist Condom on my dick, of course it is This bitch don't know what abortion is So I can't cum in her, fucks like a porn star Looks like Jenna, fack I'm gonna cum I think my rubber's comin off But oh it's so fucking wet and soft Fack, I'm gonna start lettin off I'm squirting and she's not gettin off {*Em's voice keeps getting higher*} And she's on top, I'm gonna facking Oh God, oh don't do that Don't stop! Stop don't, I don't mean don't stop Ow wait a minute, ow ow, fack I'm gonna facking cum! [Verse Two] Ooh wow, boom that pow Oooh ow, I need a cigarette now! Ow I'm so facking hot And you're so facking hot Oh my God, I wanna facking fack No not FUCK, I said FACK F-A-C-K, F-A-C-K Fack, fack fack, facking FREAK ME! Ooh yeah girl see baby they call me Mr. Freaky Let's call yo' sister three-way Have some threesome, me so haw-ny And you're such a facking babe I wanna go down on you - FACK YOU SHAVED! {*Em's voice goes up again*} Oh God damn, here I go again I'm gonna cum, I am!! [Verse Three] Mamamamaaahh, ahahahahahammmmmm Mamamamaaahh, ahahahahahammmmmm Mamamamaaahh, ahahahahahammmmmm Mamamamaaahh, a-be-be-be-bwa-bwa-bwa Okay I'm done, I already came twice You ain't gonna make me cum I'm all out of gas, not so fast AH, your finger just went in my ass! OW THAT HURTS, take it out now Ohh, wait a minute, oww Put it back in, in in in This don't mean I'm gay, I don't like men I like boobs, boobs, boobs Now see that gerbil, grab that tube Shove it up my butt, let that lil' rascal nibble on my asshole, uhh, yeah Right there, right there {*Em's voice goes up*} Ohh, I'm cuming, OHH YEAH Fack, I just came again Okay pull it out now, errrr! Oh fack yeah, wait he's not out He's still crawlin around up there Oh fack, I think it's stuck OW BUT IT FEELS SO FACKING GOOD! [Outro: Eminem singing] Shove a gerbil in your ass through a tube Shove a gerbil in your ass through a tube! Shove a gerbil in your ass through a tube Shove a gerbil in your ass through a tube! Eww, eww, eww eww {*music fades*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Eminem Album: The Marhsall Mathers LP Song: The Way I Am Typed by: gangstarr@mindless.com, OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Eminem] Whatever.. Dre, just let it run Aiyyo turn the beat up a little bit Aiyyo.. this song is for anyone.. fuck it  Just shut up and listen, aiyyo.. I sit back with this pack of Zig Zags and this bag of this weed it gives me the shit needed to be the most meanest MC on this -- on this Earth And since birth I've been cursed with this curse to just curse And just blurt this berserk and bizarre shit that works And it sells and it helps in itself to relieve all this tension dispensin these sentences Gettin this stress that's been eatin me recently off of this chest and I rest again peacefully (peacefully).. but at least have the decency in you to leave me alone, when you freaks see me out  in the streets when I'm eatin or feedin my daughter to not come and speak to me (speak to me).. I don't know you and no,  I don't owe you a mo-therfuck-in thing I'm not Mr. N'Sync, I'm not what your friends think I'm not Mr. Friendly, I can be a prick if you tempt me my tank is on empty (is on empty).. No patience is in me and if you offend me  I'm liftin you 10 feet (liftin you 10 feet).. in the air  I don't care who is there and who saw me destroy you Go call you a lawyer, file you a lawsuit I'll smile in the courtroom and buy you a wardrobe I'm tired of all you (of all you).. I don't mean to be mean but that's all I can be is just me Chorus: Eminem And I am, whatever you say I am If I wasn't, then why would I say I am? In the paper, the news everyday I am Radio won't even play my jam Cause I am, whatever you say I am If I wasn't, then why would I say I am? In the paper, the news everyday I am I don't know it's just the way I am [Eminem] Sometimes I just feel like my father, I hate to be bothered with all of this nonsense it's constant And, "Oh, it's his lyrical content - - the song 'Guilty Conscience' has gotten such rotten responses" And all of this controversy circles me and it seems like the media immediately points a finger at me (finger at me).. So I point one back at 'em, but not the index or pinkie or the ring or the thumb, it's the one you put up when you don't give a fuck, when you won't just put up with the bullshit they pull, cause they full of shit too When a dude's gettin bullied and shoots up his school and they blame it on Marilyn (on Marilyn).. and the heroin Where were the parents at? And look where it's at Middle America, now it's a tragedy Now it's so sad to see, an upper class ci-ty havin this happenin (this happenin).. then attack Eminem cause I rap this way (rap this way).. But I'm glad cause they feed me the fuel that I need for the fire  to burn and it's burnin and I have returned Chorus [Eminem] I'm so sick and tired of bein admired that I wish that I would just die or get fired and dropped from my label and stop with the fables I'm not gonna be able to top on "My Name is.." And pigeon-holed into some pop-py sensation to cop me rotation at rock'n'roll stations And I just do not got the patience (got the patience).. to deal with these cocky caucasians who think I'm some wigger who just tries to be black cause I talk  with an accent, and grab on my balls, so they always keep askin  the same fuckin questions (fuckin questions).. What school did I go to, what hood I grew up in The why, the who what when, the where, and the how 'til I'm grabbin my hair and I'm tearin it out cause they drivin me crazy (drivin me crazy).. I can't take it  I'm racin, I'm pacin, I stand and I sit And I'm thankful for ev-ery fan that I get But I can't take a SHIT, in the bathroom without someone standin by it No I won't sign your autograph You can call me an asshole I'm glad Chorus (except change first word "And" to "Cause") The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Eminem Album: Slim Shady LP Song: My Name Is Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash * * this is the UNEDITED album version; MTV's video is different Chorus: repeat 2X Hi! My name is.. (what?) My name is.. (who?) My name is.. {scratches} Slim Shady Hi! My name is.. (huh?) My name is.. (what?) My name is.. {scratches} Slim Shady Ahem.. excuse me! Can I have the attention of the class  for one second? [Eminem] Hi kids! Do you like violence? (Yeah yeah yeah!) Wanna see me stick Nine Inch Nails through each one of my eyelids? (Uh-huh!) Wanna copy me and do exactly like I did? (Yeah yeah!) Try 'cid and get fucked up worse that my life is? (Huh?) My brain's dead weight, I'm tryin to get my head straight but I can't figure out which Spice Girl I want to impregnate (Ummmm..) And Dr. Dre said, "Slim Shady you a basehead!" Uh-uhhh! "So why's your face red? Man you wasted!" Well since age twelve, I've felt like I'm someone else Cause I hung my original self from the top bunk with a belt Got pissed off and ripped Pamela Lee's tits off And smacked her so hard I knocked her clothes backwards like Kris Kross I smoke a fat pound of grass and fall on my ass faster than a fat bitch who sat down too fast C'mere slut! (Shady, wait a minute, that's my girl dog!) I don't give a fuck, God sent me to piss the world off! Chorus [Eminem] My English teacher wanted to flunk me in junior high Thanks a lot, next semester I'll be thirty-five I smacked him in his face with an eraser, chased him with a stapler and stapled his nuts to a stack of papers (Owwwwwwww!) Walked in the strip club, had my jacket zipped up Flashed the bartender, then stuck my dick in the tip cup Extraterrestrial, runnin over pedestrians in a spaceship while they screamin at me: "LET'S JUST BE FRIENDS!" Ninety-nine percent of my life I was lied to I just found out my mom does more dope than I do (Damn!) I told her I'd grow up to be a famous rapper Make a record about doin drugs and name it after her (Oh thank you!) You know you blew up when the women rush your stands and try to touch your hands like some screamin Usher fans (Aaahhhhhh!) This guy at White Castle asked for my autograph (Dude, can I get your autograph?) So I signed it: 'Dear Dave, thanks for the support, ASSHOLE!' Chorus [Eminem] Stop the tape! This kid needs to be locked away! (Get him!) Dr. Dre, don't just stand there, OPERATE! I'm not ready to leave, it's too scary to die (Fuck that!) I'll have to be carried inside the cemetery and buried alive (Huh yup!) Am I comin or goin? I can barely decide I just drank a fifth of vodka -- dare me to drive? (Go ahead) All my life I was very deprived I ain't had a woman in years, and my palms are too hairy to hide (Whoops!) Clothes ripped like the Incredible Hulk (hachhh-too) I spit when I talk, I'll fuck anything that walks (C'mere) When I was little I used to get so hungry I would throw fits HOW YOU GONNA BREAST FEED ME MOM? (WAH!) YOU AIN'T GOT NO TITS! (WAHHH!) I lay awake and strap myself in the bed  Put a bulleproof vest on and shoot myself in the head (BANG!) I'm steamin mad (Arrrggghhh!)  And by the way when you see my dad? (Yeah?) Tell him that I slit his throat, in this dream I had Chorus The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Eminem f/ Dido Album: The Marshall Mathers LP Song: Stan Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Chorus: Dido My tea's gone cold I'm wondering why I.. got out of bed at all The morning rain clouds up my window.. and I can't see at all And even if I could it'll all be gray, but your picture on my wall It reminds me, that it's not so bad, it's not so bad.. 1st Chorus: volume gradually grows over raindrop background 2nd Chorus: full volume with beat right after "thunder" noise [Eminem as 'Stan'] Dear Slim, I wrote but you still ain't callin I left my cell, my pager, and my home phone at the bottom I sent two letters back in autumn, you must not-a got 'em There probably was a problem at the post office or somethin Sometimes I scribble addresses too sloppy when I jot 'em but anyways; fuck it, what's been up? Man how's your daughter? My girlfriend's pregnant too, I'm bout to be a father If I have a daughter, guess what I'ma call her? I'ma name her Bonnie I read about your Uncle Ronnie too I'm sorry I had a friend kill himself over some bitch who didn't want him I know you probably hear this everyday, but I'm your biggest fan I even got the underground shit that you did with Skam I got a room full of your posters and your pictures man I like the shit you did with Rawkus too, that shit was fat Anyways, I hope you get this man, hit me back, just to chat, truly yours, your biggest fan This is Stan {Chorus: Dido} [Eminem as 'Stan'] Dear Slim, you still ain't called or wrote, I hope you have a chance I ain't mad - I just think it's FUCKED UP you don't answer fans If you didn't wanna talk to me outside your concert you didn't have to, but you coulda signed an autograph for Matthew That's my little brother man, he's only six years old We waited in the blistering cold for you, four hours and you just said, "No." That's pretty shitty man - you're like his fuckin idol He wants to be just like you man, he likes you more than I do I ain't that mad though, I just don't like bein lied to Remember when we met in Denver - you said if I'd write you you would write back - see I'm just like you in a way I never knew my father neither; he used to always cheat on my mom and beat her I can relate to what you're saying in your songs so when I have a shitty day, I drift away and put 'em on cause I don't really got shit else so that shit helps when I'm depressed I even got a tattoo of your name across the chest Sometimes I even cut myself to see how much it bleeds It's like adrenaline, the pain is such a sudden rush for me See everything you say is real, and I respect you cause you tell it My girlfriend's jealous cause I talk about you 24/7 But she don't know you like I know you Slim, no one does She don't know what it was like for people like us growin up You gotta call me man, I'll be the biggest fan you'll ever lose Sincerely yours, Stan -- P.S. We should be together too {Chorus: Dido} [Eminem as 'Stan'] Dear Mister-I'm-Too-Good-To-Call-Or-Write-My-Fans, this'll be the last package I ever send your ass It's been six months and still no word - I don't deserve it? I know you got my last two letters; I wrote the addresses on 'em perfect So this is my cassette I'm sending you, I hope you hear it I'm in the car right now, I'm doing 90 on the freeway Hey Slim, I drank a fifth of vodka, you dare me to drive? You know the song by Phil Collins, "In the Air of the Night" about that guy who coulda saved that other guy from drowning but didn't, then Phil saw it all, then at a a show he found him? That's kinda how this is, you coulda rescued me from drowning Now it's too late - I'm on a 1000 downers now, I'm drowsy and all I wanted was a lousy letter or a call I hope you know I ripped +ALL+ of your pictures off the wall I love you Slim, we coulda been together, think about it You ruined it now, I hope you can't sleep and you dream about it And when you dream I hope you can't sleep and you SCREAM about it I hope your conscience EATS AT YOU and you can't BREATHE without me See Slim; {*screaming*} Shut up bitch! I'm tryin to talk! Hey Slim, that's my girlfriend screamin in the trunk but I didn't slit her throat, I just tied her up, see I ain't like you cause if she suffocates she'll suffer more, and then she'll die too Well, gotta go, I'm almost at the bridge now Oh shit, I forgot, how'm I supposed to send this shit out? {*car tires squeal*} {*CRASH*} .. {*brief silence*} .. {*LOUD splash*} {Chorus: Dido} [Eminem] Dear Stan, I meant to write you sooner but I just been busy You said your girlfriend's pregnant now, how far along is she? Look, I'm really flattered you would call your daughter that and here's an autograph for your brother, I wrote it on the Starter cap I'm sorry I didn't see you at the show, I musta missed you Don't think I did that shit intentionally just to diss you But what's this shit you said about you like to cut your wrists too? I say that shit just clownin dogg, c'mon - how fucked up is you? You got some issues Stan, I think you need some counseling to help your ass from bouncing off the walls when you get down some And what's this shit about us meant to be together? That type of shit'll make me not want us to meet each other I really think you and your girlfriend need each other or maybe you just need to treat her better I hope you get to read this letter, I just hope it reaches you in time before you hurt yourself, I think that you'll be doin just fine if you relax a little, I'm glad I inspire you but Stan why are you so mad? Try to understand, that I do want you as a fan I just don't want you to do some crazy shit I seen this one shit on the news a couple weeks ago that made me sick Some dude was drunk and drove his car over a bridge and had his girlfriend in the trunk, and she was pregnant with his kid and in the car they found a tape, but they didn't say who it was to Come to think about, his name was.. it was you Damn! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Eminem Album: 8 Mile Soundtrack/Curtain Call - The Hits Song: Lose Yourself Typed by: Noitacguht@aol.com, OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro] Look.. if you had.. one shot, or one opportunity To seize everything you ever wanted.. in one moment Would you capture it.. or just let it slip? Yo.. [Verse 1] His palms are sweaty, knees weak, arms are heavy There's vomit on his sweater already, mom's spaghetti He's nervous, but on the surface he looks calm and ready to drops bombs, but he keeps on forgetting what he wrote down, the whole crowd goes so loud He opens his mouth but the words won't come out He's chokin, how? Everybody's jokin now The clock's run out, time's up, over - BLAOW! Snap back to reality, OHH - there goes gravity OHH - there goes Rabbit, he choked He's so mad, but he won't Give up that easy nope, he won't have it He knows, his whole back's to these ropes It don't matter, he's dope He knows that, but he's broke He's so sad that he knows  when he goes back to this mobile home, that's when it's back to the lab again, yo, this whole rap shit He better go capture this moment and hope it don't pass him You better - lose yourself in the music, the moment You own it, you better never let it go (go) You only get one shot, do not miss your chance to blow This opportunity comes once in a lifetime You better - lose yourself in the music, the moment You own it, you better never let it go (go) You only get one shot, do not miss your chance to blow This opportunity comes once in a lifetime You better.. [Verse 2] Soul's escaping, through this hole that is gaping This world is mine for the taking Make me king, as we move toward a, new world order A normal life is boring; but superstardom's close to post-mortem, it only grows harder Homie grows hotter, he blows it's all over These hoes is all on him, coast to coast shows He's known as the Globetrotter Lonely roads, God only knows He's grown farther from home, he's no father He goes home and barely knows his own daughter But hold your nose cause here goes the cold water These hoes don't want him no mo', he's cold product They moved on to the next schmoe who flows He nose-dove and sold nada, and so the soap opera is told, it unfolds, I suppose it's old partner But the beat goes on da-da-dum da-dum da-dah [Verse 3] No more games, I'ma change what you call rage Tear this motherfuckin roof off like two dogs caged I was playin in the beginning, the mood all changed I've been chewed up and spit out and booed off stage But I kept rhymin and stepped right in the next cypher Best believe somebody's payin the pied piper All the pain inside amplified by the fact that I can't get by with my nine to five and I can't provide the right type of life for my family, cause man, these God damn food stamps don't buy diapers, and there's no movie There's no Mekhi Phifer, this is my life And these times are so hard, and it's gettin even harder Tryin to feed and water my seed plus, teeter-totter Caught up between bein a father and a primadonna Baby momma drama screamin on her too much for me to wanna stay in one spot, another day of monotony has gotten me to the point, I'm like a snail I've got to formulate a plot, or end up in jail or shot Success is my only motherfuckin option, failure's not Mom I love you but this trailer's got to go I cannot grow old in Salem's Lot So here I go it's my shot, feet fail me not This may be the only opportunity that I got [Outro] You can do anything you set your mind to, man The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Eminem f/ Nate Dogg Album: Curtain Call - The Hits Song: Shake That Typed by: jesc0n@hotmail.com [Eminem] Shady, Aftermath There she goes shaking that ass on the floor Bumpin and grindin that pole The way she's grindin that pole I think I'm losing control [Verse 1: Eminem] Get buzzed, get drunk, get crunked, get fuucked up Hit the strip club don't forget ones get your dick rubbed Get fucked, get sucked, get wasted, shit faceted Pasted, plastered, puke drink throw up, get a new drink Hit the bathroom sink, throw up Wipe your shoe clean, got a routine goin' Still got a few chunks on them shoestrings Knowin I was dehydrated till the beat vibrated I was revived as soon as this Biyitch is gyrated And hips and licked them lips and that was it I had to get Nate Dogg in to sing some shit [Verse 2: Nate Dogg] Two to the one from the one to the three I like good pussy and I like good trees Smoke so much weed you wouldn't beleive And I get more ass than a toilet seat Three to the one from the one to the three I met a bad bitch last night in the D Let me tell you how I made her leave with me Conversation and Hennessey I've been to the muthafuckin mountain top Heard muthafuckers talk, see em dropped If I ain't got a weapon I'ma pick up a rock And when I bust yo ass I'm gon' continue to rock Getcha ass of the wall with your two left feet It's real easy just follow the beat Don't let that fine girl pass you byye Look real close cause strobe lights lie [Verse 3: Nate Dogg] We bout to have a party (turn the music up) Let's get it started (Go head shake your butt) I'm lookin for a girl with a body and a sexy strut Wanna get it poppin baby step right up Some girls they act retarded Some girls are bout it bout it I'm lookin for a girl that will do whatever the fuck I say everday she be givin it up [Chorus: Nate Dogg] Shake that ass for me, shake that ass for me Come on girl, shake that ass for me, shake that ass for me Ohh girl, shake that ass for me, shake that ass for me Come on girl, shake that ass for me, shake that ass for me [Verse 4: Eminem] I'm a menace, a dentist, an oral hygentist Open your mouth for about four or five minutes Take a little bit of this flouride rininse Swish but don't spit it, swallow and I'll finish Yeah me and Nate d-o double g Looking for a couple biyitches with some double d's Pop a little champagne and a couple E's Slip it in her bubbuly, we finna finna have a party [Verse 5: Nate Dogg] Have a party (turn the music up) Let's get it started (Go head shake your butt) I'm lookin for a girl I can fuck in my hummer truck Apple Bottom jeans and a big ol slut Some girls they act retarded Some girls are bout it bout it I want a bitch that sit at the crib with no panties on Knows that she can but she won't say no Now look at this lady all in front of me, sexy as can be Tonight I want a slut, would you be mine? Heard you was freaky from a friend of mine Now I [Bridge: Eminem] I'ma hope you don't get mad at me But I told Nate you was a freak He said he wants a slut, hope you don't mind I told him how you like it from behind [Chorus: Nate Dogg] Shake that ass for me, shake that ass for me Cmon girl, shake that ass for me, shake that ass for me Ohh girl, shake that ass for me, shake that ass for me Cmon girl, shake that ass for me, shake that ass for me I'm lookin for a girl with a body and a sexy strut Wanna get it poppin baby step right up Some girls they act retarded Some girls are bout it bout it I'm lookin for a girl that will do whatever the fuck I say everday she be givin it up [Outro: Eminem] There she goes, shaking that ass on the floor Bumpin and grindin that pole The way she's grindin that pole I think I'm losing control The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Eminem * Album: The Eminem Show Song: Sing For the Moment Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash {with help from liner notes} * Joe Perry from Aerosmith plays guitar [Eminem] These ideas are, nightmares to white parents whose worst fear is a child with dyed hair and who likes earrings Like whatever they say has no bearing It's so scary in a house that allows, no swearing to see him walkin around with his headphones blaring Alone in his own zone, cold and he don't care He's a problem child, and what bothers him all comes out when he talks about, his fuckin dad walkin out Cause he just hates him so bad that he, blocks him out If he ever saw him again he'd probably knock him out His thoughts are whacked, he's mad so he's talkin back Talkin black, brainwashed from rock and rap He sags his pants; doo rags and a stockin cap His step-father hit him so he, socked him back and broke his nose, his house is a broken home There's no control, he just let's his emotions go [Chorus: Eminem] C'mon! Sing with me (Sing!) Sing for the year (Sing it) Sing for the laughter, sing for the tear (C'mon!) Sing it with me, Just for today Maybe tomorrow, the good Lord will take you away... [Eminem] Entertainment is changin, intertwinin with gangsters In the land of the killers a sinner's mind is a sanctum Holy or unnholy, only have one homie Only this gun - lonely cause don't anyone know me Yet everybody just feels like they can relate I guess words are a motherfucker, they can be great or they can degrate; or even worse, they can teach hate It's like these kids hang on every single statement we make like they worship us, plus all the stores ship us platinum Now how the fuck did this metamorphosis happen? From standin on corners and porches just rappin to havin a fortune, no more kissin ass But then these critics crucify you, journalists try to burn you Fans turn on you, attorneys all want a turn at you to get they hands on every dime you have They want you to lose your mind every time you mad So they can try to make you out to look like a loose cannon Any dispute won't hesitate to produce handguns That's why these prosecutors wanna convict me Strictly just to get me off of these streets quickly But all they kids be listenin to me religiously So I'm signin CD's while police fingerprint me They're for the judge's daughter but his grudge is against me If I'm such a fuckin menace this shit doesn't make sense B! It's all political, if my music is literal and I'm a criminal how the FUCK can I raise a little girl? I couldn't; I wouldn't be fit to You're full of shit too Guerrera - that was a FIST that hit you! [Eminem] They say music can alter moods and talk to you Well can it load a gun up for you and cock it too? Well if it can, and the next time you assault a dude Just tell the judge it was my fault, and I'll get sued See what these kids do is hear about us totin pistols and they want to get one cause, they think the shit's cool Not knowin we really just protectin ourselves We entertainers, of course the shit's affectin our sales You ignoramus, but music is reflection of self We just explain it, and then we get our checks in the mail It's fucked up ain't it? How we can come from practically nothin to bein able to have any fuckin thing that we wanted That's why we, sing for these kids who don't have a thing except for a dream and a fuckin rap magazine Who post pin-up pictures on they walls all day long Idolize they favorite rappers and know all they songs Or for anyone who's ever been through shit in they lives 'Til they sit and they cry at night wishin they'd die 'Til they throw on a rap record and they sit and they vibe We're nothin to you - but we're the fuckin shit in they eyes That's why we, seize the moment try to freeze it and own it Squeeze it and hold it, cause we consider these minutes golden And maybe they'll admit it when we're gone, just let our spirits live on through our lyrics that you hear in our songs and we can... [Chorus] - repeat 2X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Eminem Album: The Eminem Show Song: Without Me Typed by: PhiladeLfigga@yahoo.com, OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash "Obie Trice, real name no gimmicks" -> Obie Trice [Intro] Two trailer park girls go round the outside; round the outside, round the outside {*scratches*} Two trailer park girls go round the outside; round the outside, round the outside {*scratches*} Guess who's back Back again Shady's back Tell a friend Guess who's back, guess who's back, guess who's back, guess who's back guess who's back, guess who's back, guess who's back.. {*Eminem hums*} [Verse One: Eminem] I've created a monster, cause nobody wants to see Marshall no more They want Shady, I'm chopped liver (huh?) Well if you want Shady, this is what I'll give ya A little bit of weed mixed with some hard liquor Some vodka that'll jump start my heart quicker than a shock when I get shocked at the hospital by the doctor when I'm not co-operating When I'm rockin the table while he's operating (hey!!) You waited this long, now stop debating Cause I'm back, I'm on the rag and ovu-lating I know that you got a job Ms. Cheney but your husband's heart problem's complicating So the FCC won't let me be or let me be me, so let me see They try to shut me down on MTV But it feels so empty, without me So, come on and dip, bum on your lips Fuck that, cum on your lips, and some on your tits And get ready, cause this shit's about to get heavy I just settled all my lawsuits, FUCK YOU DEBBIE! [Chorus: Eminem] Now this looks like a job for me So everybody, just follow me Cause we need a little, controversy Cause it feels so empty, without me I said this looks like a job for me So everybody, just follow me Cause we need a little, controversy Cause it feels so empty, without me [Verse Two: Eminem] Little Hellions, kids feelin rebellious Embarrassed their parents still listen to Elvis They start feelin like prisoners helpless 'til someone comes along on a mission and yells BITCH!!! A visionary, vision of scary Could start a revolution, pollutin the airwaves A rebel, so just let me revel and bask in the fact that I got everyone kissin my ass {*smak*} And it's a disaster, such a catastrophe for you to see so damn much of my ass; you asked for me? Well I'm back, na-na-na-na-na-na-na-na-na-na {*bzzt*} Fix your bent antenna tune it in and then I'm gonna enter in, endin up under your skin like a splinter The center of attention, back for the winter I'm interesting, the best thing since wrestling Infesting in your kid's ears and nesting {*bzzt*} Testing, attention please Feel the tension, soon as someone mentions me Here's my ten cents, my two cents is free A nuisance, who sent? You sent for me? [Verse Three: Eminem] A-tisket a-tasket, I go tit for tat with anybody who's talkin this shit, that shit Chris Kirkpatrick, you can get your ass kicked worse than them little Limp Bizkit bastards And Moby? You can get stomped by Obie You thirty-six year old baldheaded fag, blow me You don't know me, you're too old, let go It's over, nobody listen to techno Now let's go, just gimme the signal I'll be there with a whole list full of new insults I been dope, suspenseful with a pencil ever since Prince turned himself into a symbol {*knife slices*} But sometimes the shit just seems everybody only wants to discuss me So this must mean I'm dis-gus-ting But it's just me, I'm just obscene No I'm not the first king of controversy I am the worst thing since Elvis Presley to do black music so selfishly and used it to get myself wealthy (Hey!!) There's a concept that works Twenty million other white rappers emerge But no matter how many fish in the sea It'll be so empty, without me {*Eminem sings this twice:  "Chem-hie-la-la-la, la-la-la-la-la  La-la-la-la-la, la-la-la-la"*} [Eminem] Kids! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Eminem Album: Encore Song: Like Toy Soldiers Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash {with help from liner notes} [Intro: interpolation of "Toy Soldiers" by Martika] Step by step, heart to heart Left right left, we all fall down.. [Chorus: interpolation of "Toy Soldiers"] Step by step, heart to heart Left right left, we all fall down Like toy soldiers Bit by bit, torn apart We never win, but the battle wages on We're toy soldiers [Verse 1] I'm supposed to be the soldier, who never blows his composure Even though I hold the weight of the whole world on my shoulders I ain't never 'sposed to show it, my crew ain't supposed to know it Even if it means goin toe to toe with the Benzino It don't matter I'd never drag 'em in battles that I can handle 'less I absolutely have to, I'm supposed to set an example I need to be the leader, my crew looks for me to guide 'em If some shit ever does pop off, I'm supposed to be beside 'em That Ja shit, I tried to squash it, it was too late to stop it There's a certain line you just don't cross, and he crossed it I heard him say Hailie's name on a song, and I just lost it It was crazy, the shit went way beyond some Jay-Z and Nas shit And even though the battle is won I feel like we lost it I spent so much energy on it, honestly I'm exhausted And I'm so caught in it, I almost feel I'm the one who caused it This ain't what I'm in hip-hop for, it's not why I got in it That was never my object, for someone to get killed Why would I want to destroy somethin I helped build? It wasn't my intentions, my intentions were good I went through my whole career without ever mentionin {Suge} And that was just out of respect, for not runnin my mouth And talkin about somethin that I knew nothin about Plus Dre told me stay out, this just wasn't my beef So I did, I just fell back, watched and gritted my teeth While he's all over TV, now I'm talkin a man who literally saved my life, like fuck it I understand This is business, and this shit just isn't none of my business I'm still knowin this shit could pop off at any minute, because [Verse 2] There used to be a time when, you could just say a rhyme and wouldn't have to worry about, one of your people dyin But now it's elevated, cause once you put someone's kids in it the shit gets escalated, it ain't just words no more is it? It's a different ball game, you call names and you ain't just rappin We actually tried to stop the 50 and Ja beef from happenin Me and Dre had sat with him, kicked it and had a chat with him And asked him not to start it, he wasn't gonna go after him Until Ja started yappin in magazines how he stabbed him Fuck him, 50 smash him, mash him and let him have it Meanwhile my attention's pulled in another direction Some receptionist at The Source who answers phones at his desk has an erection for me and thinks that I'll be his resurrection Tries to blow the dust off his mic and make a new record But now he's fucked the game up, cause one of the ways I came up was through that publication, the same one that made me famous Now the owner of it, has got a grudge against me for nothin? Well fuck it, that motherfucker could get it too, fuck him then But I'm so busy bein pissed off, I don't stop to think That we just inherited 50's beef with Murder INC And he's inherited mine, which is fine, ain't like either of us mind We still have soldiers that's on the front line that's willin to die for us as soon as we give the orders Never to extort us, strictly to show they support us And maybe shout 'em out in a rap or up in the chorus To show them we love 'em back and let 'em know how important it is to have Runyon Avenue soldiers up in our corners Their loyalty to us is worth more than ANY award is But I ain't tryin to have none of people hurt or murdered It ain't worth it, I can't think of a perfecter way to word it Than to just say that I love y'all too much to see the verdict I'll walk away from it all, 'fore I let it go any further But don't get it twisted, it's not a plea that I'm coppin I'm just willin to be the bigger man if y'all can quit poppin off at your jaws well then I can, cause frankly I'm sick of talkin I'm not gonna let someone else's coffin rest on my conscience cause The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Eminem Album: The Marshall Mathers LP Song: The Real Slim Shady Typed by: Ghettofabulous98@hotmail.com, OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Eminem] May I have your attention please? May I have your attention please? Will the real Slim Shady please stand up? I repeat, will the real Slim Shady please stand up? We're gonna have a problem here.. Y'all act like you never seen a white person before Jaws all on the floor like Pam, like Tommy just burst in the door and started whoopin her ass worse than before they first were divorce, throwin her over furniture (Ahh!) It's the return of the... "Ah, wait, no way, you're kidding,  he didn't just say what I think he did, did he?" And Dr. Dre said... nothing you idiots!  Dr. Dre's dead, he's locked in my basement! (Ha-ha!) Feminist women love Eminem {*vocal turntable:  chigga chigga chigga*} "Slim Shady, I'm sick of him Look at him, walkin around grabbin his you-know-what Flippin the you-know-who," "Yeah, but he's so cute though!" Yeah, I probably got a couple of screws up in my head loose But no worse, than what's goin on in your parents' bedrooms Sometimes, I wanna get on TV and just let loose, but can't but it's cool for Tom Green to hump a dead moose "My bum is on your lips, my bum is on your lips" And if I'm lucky, you might just give it a little kiss And that's the message that we deliver to little kids And expect them not to know what a woman's clitoris is Of course they gonna know what intercourse is By the time they hit fourth grade They got the Discovery Channel don't they? "We ain't nothing but mammals.." Well, some of us cannibals who cut other people open like cantaloupes {*SLURP*} But if we can hump dead animals and antelopes then there's no reason that a man and another man can't elope {*EWWW!*} But if you feel like I feel, I got the antidote Women wave your pantyhose, sing the chorus and it goes Chorus: Eminem (repeat 2X) I'm Slim Shady, yes I'm the real Shady All you other Slim Shadys are just imitating So won't the real Slim Shady please stand up, please stand up, please stand up? [Eminem] Will Smith don't gotta cuss in his raps to sell his records; well I do, so fuck him and fuck you too! You think I give a damn about a Grammy? Half of you critics can't even stomach me, let alone stand me "But Slim, what if you win, wouldn't it be weird?" Why? So you guys could just lie to get me here? So you can, sit me here next to Britney Spears? Shit, Christina Aguilera better switch me chairs so I can sit next to Carson Daly and Fred Durst and hear 'em argue over who she gave head to first You little bitch, put me on blast on MTV "Yeah, he's cute, but I think he's married to Kim, hee-hee!" I should download her audio on MP3  and show the whole world how you gave Eminem VD {*AHHH!*} I'm sick of you little girl and boy groups, all you do is annoy me so I have been sent here to destroy you {*bzzzt*} And there's a million of us just like me who cuss like me; who just don't give a fuck like me who dress like me; walk, talk and act like me and just might be the next best thing but not quite me! Chorus [Eminem] I'm like a head trip to listen to, cause I'm only givin you  things you joke about with your friends inside your living room The only difference is I got the balls to say it in front of y'all and I don't gotta be false or sugarcoated at all I just get on the mic and spit it  and whether you like to admit it {*ERR*} I just shit it better than ninety percent of you rappers out can Then you wonder how can kids eat up these albums like valiums It's funny; cause at the rate I'm goin when I'm thirty I'll be the only person in the nursin home flirting Pinchin nurses asses when I'm jackin off with Jergens And I'm jerkin but this whole bag of Viagra isn't working And every single person is a Slim Shady lurkin He could be workin at Burger King, spittin on your onion rings {*HACH*} Or in the parkin lot, circling Screaming "I don't give a fuck!"  with his windows down and his system up So, will the real Shady please stand up? And put one of those fingers on each hand up? And be proud to be outta your mind and outta control and one more time, loud as you can, how does it go? Chorus 2X [Eminem] Ha ha Guess there's a Slim Shady in all of us Fuck it, let's all stand up The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Eminem Album: Encore Song: Mockingbird Typed by: bricher@psu.edu {with help from liner notes} [Eminem)] Yeah... I know sometimes, things may not always make sense to you right now But hey, what daddy always tell you? Straighten up little soldier - stiffen up that upper lip What you cryin about? You got me [Verse 1] Hailie I know you miss your mom, and I know you miss your dad when I'm gone but I'm tryin to give you the life that I never had I can see you're sad, even when you smile, even when you laugh I can see it in your eyes, deep inside you wanna cry Cause you're scared, I ain't there, daddy's with you in your prayers No more cryin, wipe them tears, daddy's here no more nightmares We gon' pull together through it, we gon' do it Laney, Uncle's crazy ain't he yeah but he loves you girl and you better know it We're all we got it this world, when it spins, when it swirls When it whirls, when it twirls, two little beautiful girls Lookin puzzled, in a daze, I know it's confusin you Daddy's always on the move, mama's always on the news I try to keep up sheltered from it, but somehow it seems the harder that I try to do that the more it backfires on me All the things growin up as Daddy that he had to see Daddy don't want you to see but you see just as much as he did We did not plan it to be this way, your mother and me But things have got so bad between us, I don't see us ever bein together ever again, like we used to be when we was teenagers But then of course everything always happens for a reason I guess it was never meant to be But it's just somethin that we have no control over and that's what destiny is But no more worries, rest your head and go to sleep Maybe one day we'll wake up and this'll all just be a dream Now hush little baby, don't you cry Everything's gonna be alright Stiffen that upper lip up little lady, I told ya Daddy's here to hold, ya through the night I know mommy's not here right now and we don't know why We feel how we feel inside It may seem a little crazy, pretty baby But I promise, momma's gon' be alright [Verse 2] Heh, it's funny I remember back one year when daddy had no money Mommy wrapped the Christmas presents up and stuck 'em under the tree and said some of 'em weren't from me, cause daddy couldn't buy 'em I'll never forget that Christmas I sat up the whole night cryin Cause daddy felt like a bum, see daddy had a job But his job was to keep the food on the table for you and mom And at the time, every house that we lived in Either kept gettin broken into and robbed or shot up on the block And your mom, was savin money for you in a jar Tryin to start a piggy bank for you so you could go to college Almost had a thousand dollars, 'til someone broke in and stole it And I know it hurt so bad it broke your momma's heart And it seemed like everything was just startin to fall apart Mom and dad was arguin a lot so momma moved back on the Chalmers in the flat, one bedroom apartment And dad moved back to the other side of 8 Mile on Novara And that's when daddy went to California with his CD and met Dr. Dre, and flew you and momma out to see me But daddy had to work, you and momma had to leave me Then you started seein daddy on the TV And momma didn't like it, and you and Laney were too young to understand it Papa was a rollin stone, momma developed a habit And it all happened too fast for either one of us to grab it I'm just sorry you were there and had to witness it first hand Cause all I ever wanted to do was just make you proud Now I'm sittin in this empty house, just reminiscin Lookin at your baby pictures, it just trips me out To see how much you both have grown, it's almost like you're sisters now Wow, guess you pretty much are, and daddy's still here Laney I'm talkin to you too, daddy's still here I like the sound of that, yeah, it's got a ring to it don't it? Shh, momma's only gone for the moment [Eminem] And if you ask me to daddy's gonna buy you a mockingbird I'ma give you the world I'ma buy a diamond ring for you, I'ma sing for you I'll do anything for you to see you smile And if that mockingbird don't sing and that ring don't shine I'ma break that birdie's neck I'd go back to the jeweler who sold it to ya And make him eat every carat, don't fuck with dad Ha ha! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Eminem f/ Dr. Dre Album: Slim Shady LP Song: Guilty Conscience Typed by: DeePhunk@aol.com, OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash (please send corrections to DeePhunk@aol.com) 	{sound of static} [announcer] Meet Eddie, twenty-three years old. Fed up with life and the way things are going, he decides to rob a liquor store. ("I can't take this no more, I can't take it no more homes") But on his way in, he has a sudden change of heart. And suddenly, his conscience comes into play... ("Shit is mine, I gotta do this.. gotta do this") [Dr. Dre] Alright, stop! (Huh?) Now before you walk in the door of this liquor store and try to get money out the drawer You better think of the consequence (But who are you?) I'm your motherfuckin conscience [Eminem] That's nonsense! Go in and gaffle the money and run to one of your aunt's cribs And borrow a damn dress, and one of her blonde wigs Tell her you need a place to stay  You'll be safe for days if you shave your legs with an aged razor blade [Dr. Dre] Yeah but if it all goes through like it's supposed to The whole neighborhood knows you and they'll expose you Think about it before you walk in the door first Look at the store clerk, she's older than George Burns [Eminem] Fuck that! Do that shit! Shoot that bitch! Can you afford to blow this shit? Are you that rich? Why you give a fuck if she dies? Are you that bitch? Do you really think she gives a fuck if you have kids? [Dr. Dre] Man, don't do it, it's not worth it to risk it! (You're right!) Not over this shit (Stop!) Drop the biscuit (I will!) Don't even listen to Slim yo, he's bad for you (You know what Dre? I don't like your attitude..) 	{sound of static}  ("It's alright c'mon, just come in here for a minute") 	("Mmm, I don't know!") ("Look baby..") 	("Damn!") ("Yo, it's gonna be alright, right?") 	("Well OK..") [announcer] Meet Stan, twenty-one years old. ("Give me a kiss!") After meeting a young girl at a rave party, things start getting hot and heavy in an upstairs bedroom. Once again, his conscience comes into play... ("Shit!") [Eminem] Now listen to me, while you're kissin her cheek and smearin her lipstick, I slipped this in her drink Now all you gotta do is nibble on this little bitch's earlobe.. (Yo! This girl's only fifteen years old You shouldn't take advantage of her, that's not fair) Yo, look at her bush.. does it got hair? (Uh huh!) Fuck this bitch right here on the spot bare Til she passes out and she forgot how she got there (Man, ain't you ever seen that one movie _Kids_?) No, but I seen the porno with SunDoobiest! (Shit, you wanna get hauled off to jail?) Man fuck that, hit that shit raw dawg and bail.. 	{sound of static}  	{pickup idling, radio playing} [announcer] Meet Grady, a twenty-nine year old construction worker. After coming home from a hard day's work, he walks in the door of his trailer park home to find his wife in bed with another man. ("WHAT THE FUCK?!?!") 	("Grady!!") [Dr. Dre] Alright calm down, relax, start breathin.. [Eminem] Fuck that shit, you just caught this bitch cheatin While you at work she's with some dude tryin to get off?! FUCK slittin her throat, CUT THIS BITCH'S HEAD OFF!!! [Dr. Dre] Wait! What if there's an explanation for this shit? (What? She tripped? Fell? Landed on his dick?!) Alright Shady, maybe he's right Grady But think about the baby before you get all crazy [Eminem] Okay! Thought about it, still wanna stab her? Grab her by the throat, get your daughter and kidnap her? That's what I did, be smart, don't be a retard You gonna take advice from somebody who slapped DEE BARNES??! [Dr. Dre] What'chu say? (What's wrong? Didn't think I'd remember?) I'ma kill you motherfucker! [Eminem] Uhhh-aahh! Temper temper! Mr. Dre? Mr. N.W.A.? Mr. AK comin' straight outta Compton y'all better make way? How in the fuck you gonna tell this man not to be violent? [Dr. Dre] Cause he don't need to go the same route that I went Been there, done that.. aw fuck it... What am I sayin? Shoot em both Grady, where's your gun at?  	{gun fires, is cocked, and re-fired} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Eminem Album: The Eminem Show Song: Cleanin Out My Closet Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash {with help from liner notes} [Intro] Where's my snare? I have no snare in my headphones - there you go Yeah.. yo, yo [Eminem] Have you ever been hated or discriminated against? I have; I've been protested and demonstrated against Picket signs for my wicked rhymes, look at the times Sick as the mind of the motherfuckin kid that's behind all this commotion emotions run deep as ocean's explodin Tempers flarin from parents just blow 'em off and keep goin Not takin nothin from no one give 'em hell long as I'm breathin Keep kickin ass in the mornin and takin names in the evenin Leave 'em with a taste as sour as vinegar in they mouth See they can trigger me, but they'll never figure me out Look at me now; I bet ya probably sick of me now ain't you momma? I'ma make you look so ridiculous now [Chorus: Eminem] I'm sorry momma! I never meant to hurt you! I never meant to make you cry; but tonight I'm cleanin out my closet (one more time) I said I'm sorry momma! I never meant to hurt you! I never meant to make you cry; but tonight I'm cleanin out my closet [Eminem] Ha! I got some skeletons in my closet and I don't know if no one knows it So before they thrown me inside my coffin and close it I'ma expose it; I'll take you back to '73 before I ever had a multi-platinum sellin CD I was a baby, maybe I was just a couple of months My faggot father must have had his panties up in a bunch cause he split, I wonder if he even kissed me goodbye No I don't on second thought I just fuckin wished he would die I look at Hailie, and I couldn't picture leavin her side Even if I hated Kim, I grit my teeth and I'd try to make it work with her at least for Hailie's sake I maybe made some mistakes but I'm only human, but I'm man enough to face them today What I did was stupid, no doubt it was dumb But the smartest shit I did was take the bullets outta that gun Cuz I'da killed him; shit I woulda shot Kim and them both It's my life, I'd like to welcome y'all to "The Eminem Show" [Eminem] Now I would never diss my own momma just to get recognition Take a second to listen for who you think this record is dissin But put yourself in my position; just try to envision witnessin your momma poppin prescription pills in the kitchen Bitchin that someone's always goin throuh her purse and shit's missin Goin through public housin systems, victim of Munchausen's Syndrome My whole life I was made to believe I was sick when I wasn't 'til I grew up, now I blew up, it makes you sick to ya stomach doesn't it? Wasn't it the reason you made that CD for me Ma? So you could try to justify the way you treated me Ma? But guess what? You're gettin older now and it's cold when your lonely And Nathan's growin up so quick he's gonna know that your phony And Hailie's gettin so big now; you should see her, she's beautiful But you'll never see her - she won't even be at your funeral! See what hurts me the most is you won't admit you was wrong Bitch do your song - keep tellin yourself that you was a mom! But how dare you try to take what you didn't help me to get You selfish bitch; I hope you fuckin burn in hell for this shit Remember when Ronnie died and you said you wished it was me? Well guess what, I +AM+ dead - dead to you as can be! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Eminem Album: Encore Song: Just Lose It Typed by: ava_azn@yahoo.com * - * first single; send corrections to the typist - NO OTHER PRE-RELEASE LYRICS ACCEPTED [Intro] Guess who's back, back again Shady's back, tell a friend Now everyone report to the dance floor To the dance floor, to the dance floor Now everyone report to the dance floor Alright stop, pajama time [Verse 1] Come here little kiddies on my lap Guess who's back with a brand new rap And I don't mean rap as in a new case Of child molestation accusates Ah ah ah ah ah, no worries Papa's got a brand new bag of toys What else could I possibly do to make noise? I've done touched on everything but little boys That's not a stab at Michael That's just a metaphor, I'm just psycho I go a little bit crazy sometimes I get a little bit out of control with my rhymes Good god, dip, do a little slide Bend down, touch your toes, and just glide To the center of the dance floor Like TP for my bung hole And it's cool if you let one go Nobody's gonna know, who'd hear it? Give a little "poot poot," it's ok Oops my CD just skipped And everyone just heard you let one rip [Hook] Now I'm gonna make you dance It's your chance Yeah boy, shake that ass Whoops I mean girl, girl girl girl Girl you know you're my world Alright now lose it (ah ah ah ah ah) Just lose it (ah ah ah ah ah) Go crazy (ah ah ah ah ah) Oh baby (ah ah) oh baby (ah ah) [Verse 2] It's Friday and it's my day  Used to party all the way to Sunday Maybe 'til Monday I don't know what day Everyday's just a holiday Cruisin' on the freeway, feelin' kind of breezy Let the top down and my hair blow I don't know where I'm goin' All I know is when I ger there someone's gonna (touch my body) Excuse me miss, I don't mean to sound like a jerk But I'm feelin' just a little stressed out from work Would you punch me in the stomach and pull my hair Spit on me, maybe gouge my eyes out (yeah) Now what's ya name girl, what's ya sign? (Man you must be up out yo mind) Dre (ah ah) beer goggles, blind I'm just tryin' to unwind (now I'm) [Hook] Now I'm gonna make you dance It's your chance Yeah boy, shake that ass Whoops I mean girl, girl girl girl Girl you know you're my world Alright now lose it (ah ah ah ah ah) Just lose it (ah ah ah ah ah) Go crazy (ah ah ah ah ah) Oh baby (ah ah) oh baby (ah ah) [Verse 3] It's Tuesday and I'm locked up I'm in jail and I don't know what happened They say I was runnin' butt naked Down the street screamin' (ah ah ah ah) Well I'm sorry, I don't remember All I know is this much, I'm not guilty They said "Save it, boy we got you on tape Yellin' at an old lady" (touch my body) Now this is the part where the rap breaks down It's real intense, no one makes a sound Everything looks like it's "8 Mile" now The beat comes back and everybody lose themselves Now snap back to reality, look it's B. Rabbit Oh you signed me up to battle? I'm a grown man Tubba tubba tubba tubba tubba tubba tubba I don't have any lines to go right here so tubba Tellytubby fellas (what) fellas (what)  Grab your left nut, make your right one jealous (what) Black girls, white girls, skinny girls, fat girls Tall girls, small girls, I'm callin' all girls Everyone report to the dance floor It's your chance for a little romance or butt squeezin' It's the season, just go (ah ah ah ah) It's so appeasin' [Hook] Now I'm gonna make you dance It's your chance Yeah boy, shake that ass Whoops I mean girl, girl girl girl Girl you know you're my world Alright now lose it (ah ah ah ah ah) Just lose it (ah ah ah ah ah) Go crazy (ah ah ah ah ah) Oh baby (ah ah) oh baby (ah ah) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Eminem Album: Curtain Call Song: When I'm Gone Typed by: jazhall_uk@yahoo.co.uk * * first single; send corrections to the typist Yeah... It's my life... My own words I guess... [Eminem] Have you ever loved someone so much, you'd give an arm for? Not the expression, no, literally give an arm for? When they know they're your heart And you know you were their armour And you will destroy anyone who would try to harm 'em But what happens when karma, turns right around and bites you? And everything you stand for, turns on you, despite you? What happens when you become the main source of a pain? "Daddy look what I made", Dad's gotta go catch a plane "Daddy where's Mommy? I can't find Mommy where is she?" I don't know go play Hailie, baby, your Daddy's busy Daddy's writing this song, this song ain't gonna write itself I'll give you one underdog then you gotta swing by yourself Then turn right around on that song and tell her you love her And put hands on her mother, who's a spitting image of her That's Slim Shady, yeah baby, Slim Shady's crazy Shady made me, but tonight Shady's rocka-by-baby... And when I'm gone, just carry on, don't mourn Rejoice every time you hear the sound of my voice Just know that I'm looking down on you smiling And I didn't feel a thing, So baby don't feel no pain Just smile back And when I'm gone, just carry on, don't mourn Rejoice every time you hear the sound of my voice Just know that I'm looking down on you smiling And I didn't feel a thing, So baby don't feel no pain Just smile back... [Eminem] I keep having this dream, I'm pushin' Hailie on the swing She keeps screaming, she don't want me to sing "You're making Mommy cry, why? Why is Mommy crying?" Baby, Daddy ain't leaving no more, "Daddy you're lying "You always say that, you always say this is the last time "But you ain't leaving no more, Daddy you're mine" She's piling boxes in front of the door trying to block it "Daddy please, Daddy don't leave, Daddy - no stop it!" Goes in her pocket, pulls out a tiny necklace locket It's got a picture, "this'll keep you safe Daddy, take it withcha'" I look up, it's just me standing in the mirror These stinkin' walls must be talking, cause man I can hear 'em They're saying "You've got one more chance to do right" - and it's tonight Now go out there and show that you love 'em before it's too late And just as I go to walk out of my bedroom door It's turns to a stage, they're gone, and this spotlight is on And I'm singing... [Eminem] Sixty thousand people, all jumping out their seat The curtain closes, they're throwing roses at my feet I take a bow and thank you all for coming out They're screaming so loud, I take one last look at the crowd I glance down, I don't believe what I'm seeing "Daddy it's me, help Mommy, her wrists are bleeding" But baby we're in Sweden, how did you get to Sweden? "I followed you Daddy, you told me that you weren't leavin' "You lied to me Dad, and now you make Mommy sad "And I bought you this coin, it says 'Number One Dad' "That's all I wanted, I just want to give you this coin" "I get the point - fine, me and Mommy are gone" But baby wait, "it's too late Dad, you made the choice "Now go up there and show 'em that you love 'em more than us" That's what they want, they want you Marshall, they keep.. screamin' your name It's no wonder you can't go to sleep, just take another pill Yeah, I bet you you will. You rap about it, yeah, word, k-keep it real I hear applause, all this time I couldn't see How could it be, that the curtain is closing on me I turn around, find a gun on the ground, cock it Put it to my brain and scream "Die Shady" and pump it The sky darkens, my life flashes, the plane that I was supposed to be on crashes and burns to ashes That's when I wake up, alarm clock's ringin', there's birds singin' It's Spring and Hailie's outside swinging, I walk up to Kim and kiss her Tell her I miss her, Hailie just smiles and winks at her little sister Almost as if to say.. *Curtains Closing* The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Eminem f/ Elton John Album: Curtain Call - The Hits Song: Stan (Live) Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [instrumental for the first 0:19 of this song] {*thunderstorm with rain fall in the background*} {*piano plays softly leading up to Eminem's rap*} [Eminem as 'Stan'] Dear Slim, I wrote but you still ain't callin I left my cell, my pager, and my home phone at the bottom I sent two letters back in autumn, you must not-a got 'em There probably was a problem at the post office or somethin Sometimes I scribble addresses too sloppy when I jot 'em but anyways; eff it, what's been up? Man how's your daughter? My girlfriend's pregnant too, I'm 'bout to be a father If I have a daughter, guess what I'ma call her? I'ma name her Bonnie I read about your Uncle Ronnie too I'm sorry I had a friend kill himself over some {*silent*} who didn't want him I know you probably hear this everyday, but I'm your biggest fan I even got the underground stuff that you did with Skam I got a room full of your posters and your pictures man I like the stuff you did with Rawkus too, that sh... was fat Anyways, I hope you get this man, hit me back just to chat, truly yours, your biggest fan This is Stan [Chorus: Elton John] My tea's gone cold I'm wondering why I got out of bed at all The morning rain clouds up my window Oh I can't see at all! And even if I could it would all be gray But your picture on my wall It reminds me, that it's not so bad Not so bad.. [Eminem as 'Stan'] Dear Slim, you still ain't called or wrote, I hope you have a chance I ain't mad - I just think it's messed up you don't answer fans If you didn't wanna talk to me outside your concert you didn't have to, but you coulda signed an autograph for Matthew That's my little brother man, he's only six years old We waited in the blistering cold for you for four hours and you just said, "No" That's pretty crummy man - you're like his favorite idol He wants to be just like you man, he likes you more than I do I ain't that mad though, I just don't like bein lied to Remember when we met in Denver - you said if I'd write you you would write back - see I'm just like you in a way I never knew my father neither; he used to always cheat on my mom and beat her I can relate to what you're sayin in your songs so when I have a crummy day, I drift away and put 'em on Cause I don't really got {*edit*} else so that {*edit*} helps when I'm depressed I even got a tattoo of your name across the chest Sometimes I even cut myself to see how much it bleeds It's like adrenaline, the pain is such a sudden rush for me See everything you say is real, and I respect you cause you tell it My girlfriend's jealous cause I talk about you 24/7 But she don't know you like I know you Slim, no one does She don't know what it was like for people like us growin up You gotta call me man, I'll be the biggest fan you'll ever lose Sincerely yours, Stan -- P.S. -- we should be together too [Chorus: Elton John] [Eminem as 'Stan'] Dear Mister-I'm-Too-Good-To-Call-Or-Write-My-Fans This'll be the last package I ever send your ass It's been six months and still no word - I don't deserve it? I know you got my last two letters; I wrote the addresses on 'em perfect So this is my cassette I'm sendin you, I hope you hear it I'm in the car right now, I'm doin 90 on the freeway Hey Slim, I drank a fifth of vodka, you dare me to drive? You know the song by Phil Collins, "In the Air of the Night" about that guy who coulda saved that other guy from drownin but didn't, then Phil saw it all, then at a a show he found him? That's kinda how this is, you coulda rescued me from drownin Now it's too late - I'm on a 1000 downers now, I'm drowsy and all I wanted was a lousy letter or a call I hope you know I ripped +ALL+ of your pictures off the wall I loved you Slim, we coulda been together, think about it You ruined it now, I hope you go to sleep and you dream about it And when you dream I hope you can't sleep and you SCREAM about it I hope your conscience EATS AT YOU and you can't BREATHE without me See Slim; {*screaming*} Shut up {*edited*}! I'm tryin to talk! Hey Slim, that's my girlfriend screamin in the trunk but I didn't slit her throat, I just tied her up, see I ain't like you Cause if she suffocates she'll suffer more, then she'll die too Well, gotta go, I'm almost at the bridge now Oh shoot, I forgot, how'm I supposed to send this tape out? {*car tires squeal*} {*CRASH*} .. {*brief silence*} .. {*LOUD splash*} [Chorus: Elton John] [Eminem] Dear Stan, I meant to write you sooner but I just been busy You said your girlfriend's pregnant now, how far along is she? Look, I'm really flattered you would call your daughter that and here's an autograph for your brother, I wrote it on a Starter cap I'm sorry I didn't see you at the show, I musta missed you Don't think I did that sh... intentionally just to diss you But what's this stuff you said about you like to cut your wrists too? I say that stuff just clownin dawg, c'mon - how messed up is you? You got some issues Stan, I think you need some counselin to help your ass from bouncin off the walls when you get down some And what's this junk about us meant to be together? That type of crap'll make me not want us to meet each other I really think you and your girlfriend need each other or maybe you just need to treat her better I hope you get to read this letter, I just hope it reaches you in time before you hurt yourself, I think that you'll be doin just fine if you relax a little, I'm glad I inspire you but Stan why are you so mad? Try to understand, that I do want you as a fan I just don't want you to do some crazy bit I seen this one {*edit*} on the news a couple weeks ago that made me sick Some dude was drunk and drove this car over a bridge and had his girlfriend in the trunk, and she was pregnant with his kid and in the car they found a tape, but they didn't say who it was to Come to think about, his name was.. it was you Damn! {*audience screams and applauds*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Eminem f/ Obie Trice, Stat Quo, Bobby Creekwater & Ca$his Album: Eminem Presents The Re-Up Song: We're Back Typed by: britkill@tlen.pl [Eminem] Nothing can stop and nothing can change And you better just make new livin' arrangments If you think, you the top and king of the castle You about to be thrown off the throne and ripped a new asshole All I hear is I'm the best at this and I'm best at that But I don't hear my name, no ?? brought up in rap And I don't usually trip or damn get caught up in that But when they say one of the best, I'm nowhere thought up as that Not even the same leage as Jay-Z, Nas, Pac, Biggie or maybe The name me somewhere down at the bottom, right after AZ Or say he ripped that Biggie verse, or that Jay-Z Yo his verses were crazy, on that "Renegade" beat But I ain't never bought no whole CD of Shady And all I hear is pop tunes come on the Radi-O And they play 'em 20 times in a row daily And they very well maybe The same reason they don't say me When they speak on hip-hop legends which is amaze me Cause I thought the formula was to hit mainstream And make it big ba big big bay ba baby [Obie Trice] So maybe the eighties made me crazy I've been tryin to get my weight up since the ace Slim Shady Gave me the gate key, paved the way So lately, my stakes get better each day Replay my relay race, when I was chasin the afee at eighteen Eight years later his voice in Beijing No choice I chase cream, so [Eminem] SHAAADDYYY!!!(STAT QUO!)We're back! [Stat Quo] This is what I eat, sleep and breath and feed my kids Would it fulfill all my family needs (c'mon) I treat the mic like the block Fuck with my rocks, and squeeze Critics expecting me to underachieve I just deal with the hate I recieve By rolling back my sleeves Sure was a breeze, I bring him right to his knees And tell him "suck my dick" I take a bow and leave With a sack full of unmarked cheese I find it hard to believe Who to pull or proceed To be G's and claim they runnin shit Nigga I run me As a kid, teacher said I had a mouth on me The same mouth got me the deal with Dre and E Folk in the hood be askin, where I be Dogg, I'm out in Hawaii Don't like it? drink my pee Record song for the "Detox" LP Feet don't fail he Niggas got me bent like Cranberry and Belvee I'ma die wealthy Boss in the game, what the fuck they gon tell me? A towns auntre, Aftermath, Shady! [Eminem] SHAAADDYYY!!!(BOBBY CREEK!)We're back! [Bobby Creekwater] Y'all market y'all block, they sent me to corner that Rap game's an old flame, my nigga I want 'em back Like mic check Pimp for what it's worth I got the right net Sittin' here excited by some shit that aint right yet No regret, live by a code you don't know bout Y'all niggas won't be certified till I show I Go out on a limb with Em cause I'm wid him Put a barrel to the apparel of you and some of them Stand a chance, at the dance, without a Bow tie Shady Records re-introduce you niggas to Mow-ti So high, of the light that they have given me And the haters like a shofurr because it's driven me To a view with a vendetta I am the apitomee I don't give a fuck about ya nigga I'm just livin me We the reason for the season so I'm breezin through the track Nigga [Eminem] SHAAADDYYY!!!(CA$HIS!) [Ca$his] I can prove I'm here to do something you never do From hand to hand coke sales, from my revenue I ain't been toa function, where I ain't snuck a weapon through Cause my background reveals a one eight seven too To the block, I'm the truth To the cops, I'm the proof of this And niggas still out there, you just gotta shoot I carry over my street ethics, to the booth And the shady crime fam, Al Capone in his youth The difference between me and you, I already done it And lived the street life, niggas run away from if You follow my life, in a midwest blunted Pitchforks held high, four fifth by the stomach You can find me right now, on the C.A. streets I'm on the roof, of the building, shooting at police Some of the homies feel opposition can't kill me I'm a walking obituary, death live in me I take life through the pen, by the way I'ma see Or have you raped in the pen, like American meat I'm connected gettin weight from MS 13 With S.K's, A.R's and Mini fourteens I'm Cashis, the last of the real, with a strap On Pro-sac, D's and E-Pills, it's a rap Get the block on tip, two for tens of crack I'm in a lifetime contract, Shady's back Nigga Eminem - SHAAADDYYY!!!(Ha! I Told You We Was Back!) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Obie Trice Album: Eminem Presents The Re-Up Song: Pistol Pistol (Remix) Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Eminem] O. Trice, c'mon! [Obie Trice] Yeah, niggaz got me I'ma get 'em, it ain't over [Chorus: Obie Trice] You can catch me in the whip with a fifth of pimp juice (yeah!) And I'm poppin the clip, 'bout to fix this issue (woo!) You pray that I don't hit, I ain't equipped to miss you (no!) You're gonna need an ambulance to stitch your tissue (nigga!) Or either have a bag on your hip to shit through (ha!) You seen us on the ave, ain't just to get you But my penis is a mag, when I lift it hits you (DA-DA-DA-DA-DA!) Cause I don't go nowhere without my pistol pistol [Obie Trice] I, solemnly swear on my, daughter's tears The nigga that got him in the head will feel it before the year ends (That's right) Hope you inconspicuous, my friend Cause once the word get back you in a world of sin (sin) Bullets will hurdle at him, for tryin to murder what's been determined as the first solo African (me!) To go platinum where the accident happened at But maggots I'm alive with vengeance to get back (get back!) My momma blood pressure was affected from that My lil' girl need her daddy on the phone at a certain time Exact now, and niggaz act wild (foul) But when the mac come out, y'all niggaz ex' out (blaow!) And I don't wanna hear X-Y-Z I'm X'in out your whole entity for tryin to kill me (me nigga) Filthy motherfuckers, I'll show you what real be (real be nigga) When these H-T-B's light up your kidneys (woo!) I'm so sincere, you see in a hearse this year It's not a verse it's a curse from birth and what's on your person over here This is Obie hearin clear, niggaz beware We're comin at you with firearms in air (yeah nigga!) And your purpose so superfluous How could I be merciful when murkin me's a mercenary's goal? (uh) Nigga I got paper, I'll have ya ass urgently exposed (what!) No emergency's bringin back your souls Slugs shatter your bones for pat-pattin me in the dome Learn this patter-in, we catch him at home, he wrong That's when automatics sporadically catch him in the abdomen Another +Dirty+ motherfucker's gone (YEAH!) {*gunshot and people screaming*} [Outro: Obie] "Second Round's on Me" (robbin, shootin, killin, murder) Oh shit RUNNN! (robbin, shootin, killin, murder) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Bizarre & Kuniva (D12) Album: Eminem Presents: The Re-Up Song: Murder Typed by: drobins_912009@hotmail.com * * send corrections to the typist [Intro] Detroit, Motown Hey guess what, they gave us the (?) this year, and you know what happened? Robbin, Shootin, Killin, Murder (Murdaaaaa, Murdaaaaa) Robbin, Shootin, Killin, Murder (Murdaaaaa, Murdaaaaa) [Bizarre] Hennied up, Ginnied up, ski mask, black truck Dickey outfit, passenger side (pistol grip pump) Fuck it I just did two lines, a chrome tech nine, it'll tear out niggaz spines It's a party, go on in and have fun, 'cause after it's over all you gon' hear is *gunshot* run nigga run nigga Shootin, blastin, hittin the floor ten-thousand in the safe, shit I'm 'bout to score Cause I'm dangerous, off angeldust, shit I'll bust Even the nigga that came with us And this is for my nigga's that be robbin and stealin' Carjackin, murder one's, and fuckin drug dealin! Robbin, Shootin, Killin, Murder (Murdaaaaa, Murdaaaaa) Robbin, Shootin, Killin, Murder (Murdaaaaa, Murdaaaaa) [Kuniva] I stumble in the club blowed up, nine millimeter cocked something's telling me to stop, fuck it I don't see the cops Nigga's don't believe until they see it's out stupid motherfuckers want to take the scenic route, now the heater's out Bitches scream like I pulled my penis out beggin' me to put that big motherfucker away, but the demon's out Everybody on the floor, come out of that (?) Come out of them diamonds and you come out of that velour The party is over, shut the fuck down, cut the music *scratches* matter of fact turn it back up shit I could use it (ohhhhh) I need the noise in case I have to let a couple off saw another icey chain, walked over and tugged it off Give me that butter soft, and since you buyin' out the bar you can buy my drinks for today and tomorrow I'm out for the paper, my homie better hide the jewels I'm in the game starvin, and I ain't playin buy the rules nigga Robbin, Shootin, Killin, Murder (Murdaaaaa, Murdaaaaa) Robbin, Shootin, Killin, Murder (Murdaaaaa, Murdaaaaa) [50 Cent] Sh-sh-sh-Shaaaaaady! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ca$his Album: Eminem Presents The Re-Up Song: Everything is Shady Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [50 Cent] Shady [Eminem] Pussies! {*echoes*} {*gunfire, some glass shatters, and a car revs then peels out*} [Ca$his] Fall in and get quoted y'all Yeah, it's Ca$his Welcome to the Shady gang, G's up! Obie went plat' and he back with another classic 50 went diamond, smash twice, bastards D12 multi back-to-back Eminem become the highest sellin artist in rap Stat Quo the mixtape messiah, in the Phantom About to run the A, when we drop "Statlanta" Bobby Creek, you know his motherfuckin name nigga Bobby Creek, he ain't no motherfuckin game nigga I'm Ca$his, mixtape is a classic EP is a classic; LP, is that shit! Dart Parker my A&R, but much more He told me go all out and serve 'em all homeboy I'm a West nigga, a Midwest nigga I'm the best nigga, cause we the best niggaz From street team to G.M. to V.P. Shady crime fam in this rap shit is the dream team [Chorus: repeat 2X] We took a break for a minute and now we bangin But we've been listenin to everything you've been sayin Now we're comin for everybody who hatin From '06 on, everything is Shady [Ca$his] Killa Ca$h hard, 'bout to smash frauds Lookin past broads, through the rampart I can handle NARCs, when the cannon sparks You hit the ground and I snatch your bandanna mark We ridin out for Proof, it's Shady gang nigga Hope you bullet-proof, fat fuck lame nigga Know who I'm talkin to? Glad your man did You 'bout to get it too, rest with your fam nig' This a cold game, live by the codes man E'rything you see is not, a 7-4 king The son of cocaine, new form of dope man Plus I'm holdin weight, cause I'm the dope man A West Coast gangsta, Chi-Town goon Interstate runner, watch me drive a brick through And we ain't backin down, way past rappin now Right before my album drop my homeboys'll clap you down [Ca$his] A born winner, similar to mi familia County here I'm comin to burn your whole city up I catch you up in the club empty the fifth on ya You all know who's pussy, by Vivica I'm the realest nigga, you wanna Malcolm me? If you a dealer nigga you can get box from me I had rocks in jeans, socks of cream, glocks and things From March 7th, '06, got with the team Now I'm on the scenes, reachin out flick it seem Bein a celebrity bringin me mo' bitches In a position I'm watched by mo' snitches in place, at the end of the plots I hold niggaz Figures, are increasing, peace is not Last week to a point where police was shot And if niggaz wan' know, what I been 'bout lately Nigga take it how you want bitch, rap for Shady [Chorus] w/ ad libs [Ca$his] Everything is Shady I'm from the West coast And the Midwest, C-A-dot, Ca$h! Boats boy, block boys We pioneering this, in a race to be legends Now, Ca$h! We tie dot I'm a Shady gangsta nigga The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Eminem f/ 50 Cent Album: Eminem Presentss The Re-Up Song: The Re-Up Typed by: koopatex81@aol.com [Eminem] (Beatboxing) Yeah, we should do something like that... [Hook - 50 Cent] Boom boom chuck, boom b-boom chuck! Boom boom chuck, Yeah, that's what's up! Boom boom chuck, boom b-boom chuck! Boom boom chuck, b-boom, Shady! [Verse 1 - Eminem] There's never been this, much of a menace in this game as this And it's the, most sinister duo in the business Once again its the, illest and realest killas The most villainous Dre protege, Shady apprentice Drop them zeros and get with these heroes Do you want losers or winners, This music is in us, and it's Not over 'till we say it's finished and G-Unit spinners Will keep spinnin', this is Hip Hop when it's in it's Truest form, the greatest, Hate us or love us Make voodoo dolls of us and keep stickin' those pins in us Thick as his skin is or as short as his wick is The trick is to be able to walk big as his dick is And as sick as his music is, or was, still is Whatever, forever, he will be the illest To ever sh-shock the world, what to do next He's already reconciled with his ex [reversed], a chainsaw and an axe Jump a bitch's desk, strangle her neck While we have sex while Bill Clinton plays the sax I sprays the vex, yeah bring Shady on back The maniac of rap, devil baby on crack Resurrect, I never left, baby I'm bad I've gone mad, my comrade Dre-zy automatically He says I'm too broke to fix, way beyond that I may be off drugs, but it's made me off track In fact, this right here very well could be the last rap I ever do spit, I'll never do shit, that's that Fuck it I quit, suck on a dick, jackass I'm done with this wack ass rap, kiss my black ass! (50 Cent!) [Verse 2 - 50 Cent] Nah, Em, tell 'em to kiss my black ass, the clean parts, the shitty parts My bullet wounds, my beauty marks, the Fif'll tell you're ass apart! A came in this game, crush a motherfuckers from tha start Shady paid me, Shady crazy, Fifty crazy rich, bitch Different day, nothing change, it's the same shit, trick Teflon wrapped on, case I get clapped on D's searching the whip, glad I left the mac home Still grindin', still shinin', nigga lord knows You're rockin with the kid that spit sicka sick flows I carried Game's style for nine months and gave birth to it Now I'm feeling like a proud father watching him do it E'eryday Dre day, front and cause a maylay Turn the town upside down wit a frown upside down I smile through sumthin' fowl, and watch my money pile I'm fuckin' with strict stacks, I'm kickin' you stripped fats I hit you with it, bag it, pump it, bring me mines right back! [Hook - 50 Cent] (Eminem) Boom boom chuck, boom b-boom chuck! Boom boom chuck, Go 'head, funky funk up! Boom boom chuck, boom b-boom chuck! Boom boom chuck, Yeah, that's what's up! Boom boom chuck, boom b-boom chuck! Boom boom chuck, I hit yo' ass up! Boom boom chuck, boom b-boom chuck! Boom boom chuck, Yeah, that's what's up! (Yeah!) Boom boom chuck, boom b-boom chuck! Boom boom chuck, (It's the Re-Up!) Shady, Shady.... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Eminem f/ 50 Cent, Cashis, Lloyd Banks, Tony Yayo Album: Eminem Presents: The Re-Up Song: You Don't Know Typed by: sweetjuly55@yahoo.com [50] Yeah... [Intro: 50 Cent] Who run it? You know, you actin like you don't know We run it You know but you actin like you don't know Who run it? You know, you actin like you don't know We run it You know but you actin like you don't know You know, you actin like you don't know I tear the club up fo sho This flow is gon bring more dough And you know but you actin like you don't know [50 Cent] Now homie I say I run it (run it) cause I'm in control Hypnotic, Hennessey, a couple shots of Patron I have you feelin aight, I get you high as a kite Party poppin shawty says she comin with me tonight I ain't shoulder leanin, I ain't snappin and poppin Either I'm bobbin ma head or I'm just stadin their watchin I'm a hustler I hustle, you can tell that I'm paid And I protect what I got, I'm in the house with my blade Nigga you front you gone get it, ok now maybe I said it Cause I want you to tridd-ip, yeah I be on that shidd-it You should see when I'm stuntin, I flash the stones you be wantin Push the whip, see me rollin, you can tell that I'm holdin I'm just doin ma thang, you know the Units the game I got my grimy Shady with me you front you gonna have to get me off your ass I pay the lawsuit and laugh (haha) It's not a big deal it's nothing but some cash (let's go) [Chorus: 50 Cent] Who run it? You know, you actin like you don't know I tear the club up fo sho This flow is gon bring more dough And you know but you actin like you don't know Who run it? You know, you actin like you don't know I tear the club up fo sho This flow is gon bring more dough And you know but you actin like you don't know [Eminem] When me and Fif got together to do this music The more we became enveloped we just developed a fellowship through it It's no pretend shit, it's friendship, me nemesis is your nemesis Ain't for him, it's just media, see to them it's just images But this shit is no gimmicks, this is blood in and blood out When there's beef you jus' gotta know when to butt in and butt out If there's a problem we solve it, if we don't resolve it It usually just evolves into one big brawl and we all get involved in it We should all get a merit, this much beef we inherit And wear it like a badge with honor, pass it around and share it And let it go to whoever's holdin the most current people on their shoulders And their soldiers got their backs til it's over But tonight, we ain't comin here to beef with nobody We came to party, Banks, Cashis and Mr. Ferrari So is Shady Aftermizzath back in that ass? You izzask Come izzon, what kind of fizzucked up quizzestion is 'at? [Chorus: 50 Cent, Eminem] Who run it? You know, you actin like you don't know I tear the club up fo sho This flow is gon bring more dough And you know but you actin like you don't know Who run it? I say you know, you actin like you don't know I tear the club up fo sho This flow is gon bring more dough And you know but you actin like you don't know [Cashis] Pistol play ricochet, see where the victim lay Slumped over bleeding J.F.K H.K. to your chest plate cave I'll ride to the death, do you rep that way? Forever ima be a Shady 7-4 gangsta Plus I survive everything you got in that chamber I thrive off of danger, jumpin in all beef You keep talking shit now the squad called me [Lloyd Banks] Enough holdin back the steam, Em let off a magazine Dappadon Cappa queen mixed in with Cashis creams Started off with half a dream, developed into what you see Telling ain't my cup of tea, can't tell I'm a fuckin G I'm on automatic when I'm at it, start static And you splattered, shit shattered, I'm a walkin bitch magnet Spit it how I love it, live it all the way to the limit And I'm always on my pivot for my digits, you dig it? [Chorus: 50 Cent] Who run it? You know, you actin like you don't know I tear the club up fo sho This flow is gon bring more dough And you know but you actin like you don't know Who run it? You know, you actin like you don't know I tear the club up fo sho This flow is gon bring more dough And you know but you actin like you don't know Who run it? [Tony Yayo] You know who this is Shady, G-Unit, Aftermath Lloyd Bands, Cashis, Marshall Mathers, Ferrari F-50 It's a movement, you can't stop it Talk of New York, Tony Yayo... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Eminem f/ 50 Cent Album: Eminem Presents The Re-Up Song: Jimmy Crack Corn Typed by: borcaq@gmail.com [50 Cent] Maaaaan! Let's go [Eminem] Hey yo Fif' [50 Cent] Yeah? [Eminem] Call 'em and tell 'em It's time to hate us again We're back [50 Cent] Haha [Eminem] Jimmy can crack corn but I don't care My enemies crack corn but I don't care You can be black white or albino yeah You can have cornrows inside your hair I give a fuck if I don't like your stare This bottle of wine goes upside your head A little bit psycho but I know that Think you just don't say it and I won't say it See if you don't brag then I don't brag I know I'm bad as long as I know I'm bad I don't need ya'll to co-sign no shit You can just keept making them tired old threats Little bit like the boy who cried wolf did See me but don't dare to try no shit Cuz you know that somewhere inside those layers The rattlesnakes right there to bite your ass And I can be so quite and strike so fast Like lightening bolts right out the sky go blast From out of nowhere you might find your career Come to with *eek* and I'm just like OH YEAH See us on the award shows and we're like OH YEAH Can we get more of those they like OH YEAH See us keep blowing up we're like OH YEAH So Jimmy can crack corn but i don't care See me in the videos i'm like OH YEAH See me ride up close your like OH EAH And where's D12 at they like WE OVER HERE And where the fuck we goin we're like NOWHERE [Eminem] You jealous little fucks beg for my attention but I done told you once I'm not the kind of attention you want If I tell you twice then I won't be so nice If you keep coming back that only means you know you lost the fight They wanna talk shit let them talk shit cuz they talk shit Knowing deep down they really just wanna squash it Cuz no one wants to walk around steppining dog shit And get doo doo on their shoe again as soon as they wash it But the pride won't let em inside they like go get em And I'm just like why you trying to fight momentum We just keep winning by landslides oh an um Shady Limiteds in any size yo denim to velour Even our clothing lines on fire As 50 would said our clothing lines on FIRE Meanwhile your mind's on us like mine's on Mariah And you all just like her your all fucking liars But I'll just keep fucking you like I fucked her Right in the ass with K-Y yessir So full of joy boy am I absurd Even Chingy would tell you yeah boy don't curr See us on the award shows and we're like oh yeah Can we get more of those they like oh yeah See us keep blowing up we're like oh yeah So Jimmy can crack corn but i don't care See me in the videos I'm like oh yeah See me ride up close your like ee-yeah And where's G-Unit at they like we over here And where the f*ck we goin we're like no where [50 Cent] Your homie got clapped on, man I don't care The cops in my nana crip but I'm not there It is what it is dog man life's not fair Your friends should have known not to front 'round here Listen kid where I'm from the wolves smell fear They'll strip your ass of your jewels right here Man I'm gonna say this one time and get this clear Man you can catch a hot one like out of no where Beautiful day without drama is rare Your girl's a freak man sometimes we share Yeah I wear a condom and you go bear You probably heard about me I'm a shown up player In the hood politicin' like I'm running for mayor Running winding ?doning? and shining you know what I'm saying I aint got time for fucking around and horse playing I'm making hits my homies taking hits whose staying See us on the award shows and we're like OH YEAH Can we get more of those they like OH YEAH See us keep blowing up we're like OH YEAH So Jimmy can crack corn but i don't care See me in the videos i'm like OH YEAH See me ride up close your like OH EAH And where's D12 at they like WE OVER HERE And where the fuck we goin we're like NOWHERE [Eminem] Haha [50 Cent] Yeah [Eminem] it's the Re-Up [50 Cent] Haha [Eminem] God I love it You know you hate that laugh don't you Haha Keep doing it [50 Cent] Do it again [Eminem] What? [50 Cent] The laugh [Eminem] Oh Haha [50 Cent] I like that Haha [Eminem] Haha You don't think they gonna think we're really crazy right? The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Proof (D12) Album: Eminem Presents: The Re-Up Song: Trapped Typed by: drobins_912009@hotmail.com [Eminem] Big Proof, rest in peace dude and we love you We just wanna keep makin you proud P-P-P-P-P-P-P [Proof] (Eminem) My life is trapped in these line's, that's why I'm packin these nine's I gotta rap I ain't dyin', that's in the back of my mind Got a strap made of iron, can't relax on his grind Bendin' over backwards for these slackers, 'til I'm snappin' my spine Natural high, gotta focus, on these bogus poachers Lookin' over my shoulder, Proof get it poppin' like soda, hold up (We nothin' but soldier's!) Slow up (This gun is loaded!) Roll up (They beefin' we leavin' 'em coked up!) If Em say it, I spray it, if he will it, I kill it We kill packs to get iller in Detroit, hope y'all can feel it Real as this gun on my waistline, and woah we don't waste time (Ja) mad he can't take a punch and 50 can take nine We got school craft here at the 7, 8, and text her I'm up in Holly, spendin' dollas, ain't feelin' no pressure Yes sir, your texture is bitch, betcha' you flinch When Proof shoot up they coupe, and waste your whole clique The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mr. Porter & Swifty McVay (D-12) Album: Eminem Presents The Re-Up Song: Whatever You Want Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com [Intro: Eminem] Haha, Swifty McVay! Mr. Porter, the Kon Artis (ha!) I told you we wasn't leavin, c'mon! [Swifty McVay] I come from a jungle, with a trunk load of punk hoes (nigga) Muzzle this animal, fuck with mechanical Gun totin hazardous cutthroat, canteloupe can split it And the Pope couldn't prevent me from shittin on niggaz Fitted caps get blew back like bad wind, imagine backspinnin into a casket, it happens when bastards try to act masculine (hoe) A hell raiser, I smack the skin off your man's face so fast it'll leave acne on my hand when it land (hah!) Placed in a class where professors came to school with Smith 'n Wessons just to teach us a lesson, had that ass hangin up with the flag (yeah) Parental discretion, I'll send you a video with me naked havin a session on my urinal (RESPECT IT! HAH!) When you kill in the nighttime and claimin yo' innocence I'll be waitin ready to A.K. you and yo' egg Bene-dick {AHH!} Usin yo' balls to play tennis with (hah) You'll be in some shit like flies and fuck the witnesses [Chorus 2X: Swifty McVay] (MOTHERFUCK!) Niggaz that doubt and thought we wasn't killin shit (WHAT!) Whatever you want, we providin it diligently (PUMP!) Double barrel wherever we go willingly (DUMPIN!) On opposition in the streets or industry [Kon Artis a.k.a. Mr. Porter] You was born I was hatched, but you came out deformed I have nuts of a horse, and you ain't got no balls Come runnin with tec-9's whenever niggaz would call Bang-bang-bang, bang-bang, shoot up classway halls I don't give a FUCK, who you call to come You came with thirty niggaz, I only came with one That just goes to show you how much scrap a nigga got in me You gone off Henny, that liquid courage drivin you into these situations you in, don't get that "Purple Pills" shit confused with us bein cool up here singin "My Band" I'm sure you see these little kids cryin over me man They'll do anything for a fuckin autograph So say that shit loud enough out of the fuckin crowd and I'll show you the meanin of die-hard fans Saddam Hussein who sews, who radical act A mechanical bomb attached to my pelvis That's what I mean by get, back; I mean get, back Or find your head detached from that Mitchell & Ness So find your spinal cord, uh-uh-oh I digress I guess I'm just too fresh, to finish that line Denaun's ain't next The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ca$his Album: Eminem Presents The Re-Up Song: Talkin' All That Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Ca$his] Uh, yeah, yeah yeah yeah yeah We're renegades, yeah yeah yeah yeah We're renegades, yeah yeah yeah yeah (Hit me up mayn!) Bitch I'm from the {?}, yo' hood ain't no realer You the pussy ass nigga livin next to the killer I'm the killer that moved out of the block And head back to the hood, when I'm movin my rock You can find me, on a dark road, dark clothes Lle', in the console and God knows I make grip off blow Shit - I could get rich off blows My nation affiation pitch forks I've chose What the fuck you gon' do? We bang back hammers I'm a six point star, in a gray bandanna I'd die for this, nigga you rhyme for this Pussy I ride for this, and did time for this That's why I'm convinced you fear, that I'm convicted Until elevens in soaps, and some gangsta shit man Guess who gorillas leave tats infragments Two shots through your cabbage, and gas from Ca$h [Chorus: Ca$his] Pussy niggaz always talkin that shit What you flaggin, who you bangin with? (I don't give a fuck) You can live in the hood and shit But remember who you bangin with (I don't give a fuck) Pussy niggaz talkin all that shit What you flaggin in your bangin whip? (I don't give a fuck) You can live in the hood and shit But remember who you bangin with (cause I don't give a fuck) [Ca$his] Tip our levels and scarce piece, a meal beast We'll creep one deep, slump seat, dump heat Niggaz scream "Fuck me" he lucky, when I blast it I left respect enough for an open casket Way to go Ca$his, boost up my ego Let loose, out sunroof with my Eagle Folk of the century, rollin with peoples The omen the sequel, the more they will see you Close kin, molotov close to no skin His momma pretends that she doesn't, know him I'm the reason, for the whole "Say No" slogan Doped in folk and loc'ed if provokin Got a brand new thing, with the scope in Leave your family, with the wake for hostin I'll collect enough snow, 'til my hands the Aspens I'm the realest nigga 'round here, ask for Ca$his folk [Ca$his] Loadin the cup folk, loadin it up tote Hang fire up I, choke from the gun smoke That's on the boss mayn, my Nina Ross came Place gangbangers, into a coffin This is renegades, Rick not really paid Gave Ca$h pistols, now they milli sprayed Full bricks of raw, nigga that's really weight While my workers foldin, now that's really cake Give it right back to 'em, watch it regenerate I'm a degenerate black bandit, livin ape Niggaz dig in they pockets like DJ's dig in crates If you cuttin my profits, you gon' in to dish some cake Heckler Koch and, glass and vodka I'm the independent kingpin, cocaine Koch Fo' thieve blow weed, plus sold O-Z Niggaz never son me, I was born O.G. fo' [Eminem - echoing] Aiyyo Alchemist! Let's play 'em some of that new Stat Quo shit man The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Stat Quo f/ Eminem Album: Eminem Presents The Re-Up Song: By My Side Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Intro: Eminem] OHH! Stat Quo! Here we go! C'mon, c'mon! You ready? (heh) Let's do it man (uh uh uh uh-uhh) Shady Aftermath {Sound, without Focus, is just noise} [Stat Quo] + (Eminem) Yeah (where you get that thang man) {By my side} When you do somethin to somebody umm {By my side} It ain't just you it's somebody next to you {By my side} Youknow'mtalkinbout and I got my shit right here with me {By my side} (There isn't everywhere you go that it's) {By my side} (Okay) So being that that's the case {By my side} Let me tell you about {By my side} That place, heh, take you by my side {By my side} [Stat Quo] The way I growed up, sho' nuff, chips on my shoulder Knew about that cola when I was in a stroller But came ahold of choppin them boulders gettin older Wantin a Rover, ducked in them rows meetin quotas Shorty bipolar, load her by cock I tried to told ya When movin the wrong direction ain't no flesh and then it's over You on that doja, G.I. Joe shit but you ain't a soldier Chopper or fold ya, you not cobra commander, you bozo I'm the composer, writer of murder, the odor leakin out of your body, temperature is gettin colder But you sweatin and dizzy like a person who ain't sober Realizin your life is comin quickly to a closure Losin composure, out of breath like you underwater Twenty seconds in the game, and it's the fourth quarter Primetime, "Dateline" are the best exposure Now you're still, on the news and everybody knows ya Yeahhhh, YEA! By, my, side To all the niggaz tryin to get me it's – by my side I'm takin some of y'all with me it's – by my side I'm makin sure they won't forget me it's – by my side To all the niggaz tryin to get me it's – by my side I'm takin some of y'all with me it's – by my side I'm makin sure they don't forget me it's – by my side Ye-yeah ye-yeah ye-yeahhhh; by my side (ooh) [Stat Quo] Go now boy, get your vest, protect yo' neck, kill for fun Watch how they run and scatter when I go and pull out my gun (gun) Call me ignorant and young, psycho sicko negro They know that I just fuck and be gone (gone) Drivin crazy halfway dumb Don't stop even when the law come, believe every word out my lungs I'm losin it, snappin huh, this ain't just no rappin uh Back all the way back when you see that strap cause it go dada-da-da Are you ready to die tell me why you choose to tell me in my face, have your body dry, pack that fire, look in my eye Have your spirit below me or floatin in the fuckin sky All black is my attire, lookin like a umpire Toss you in the trash like a bullshit, out fly Yeah yeah ye-yeah ye-yeahhhh, YEA! [Stat Quo] The murder capital mo' mayhem, yes it's thriller Put four in your head, have you floatin off in a river It's cold, you shook, we crooks, your body'll quiver These rappers so tough but really they softer than pillows Or chinchilla or Twinkie filler, hone of a realer They turn to serial assassins for some scrilla Now me could see I mean him, yes this nigga Stays true to what I do cause I keeps it realer Be for real, have you ever ever pulled a trigger? It's serious business shorty, nothin is more iller No discrimination, you could be chocolate or vanilla And find yourself in the presence of a fuckin killer Oh, oh, oh, oh yeahhhh, YEA! By my side, by my side {*blam*} [Eminem] It's "The Re-Up" {*echoes*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Obie Trice & Ca$his Album: Eminem Presents The Re-Up Song: We Ride for Shady Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Obie Trice] We run this shit, fo'-five on the hip Been ridin for Shady, Shady {*echoes*} [Ca$his] Geah, Ca$his know Shady Records, the dream team, uh Sittin in the back of the, all-gray Acura Gun to the passenger for actin tough Turn the wheel in the passin, heart of an assassin Plus I'm on the draw down, quick as fuck Last move 'fore I give all street shit up Put a nigga in the ground face down, feet up This nigga here tried to cuff me for my re-up When I went to his crib he called police up Now you on the way to bein paraplegic for sendin messages through bitches like you go see us Shady, Ca$h king of the dope fiends plus Give 'em a square mile by blocks and I'm creamed up Took the bullet out of Obie head, put it in my pistol and use it, ammunition on the niggaz they hit Damn, I go to war on the regular man Cause I'm part of the dream team, you a regular man Far as rap I don't see no competitors and you see things like me, with my medal in hand I'm a state case boy with a federal plan A hundred in beats, beatin the shit out skinheads I'm the spirit of a G bringin lyrics of the street I'm Ca$his, a real dope boy on the beat (beat) Slumped in the seat tucked clutchin the heat Basically, you niggaz can't fuck with me, hah [Chorus One: Ca$his] We run this shit, fo'-five on the hip Out to ride for Shady, yeah Y'all niggaz ain't hard, y'all niggaz ain't real Y'all niggaz ain't crazy Bring it on if you want, you don't know the homicides that I've done lately We run this shit, fo'-five on the hip Out to ride for Shady [Obie Trice] Yeah, Trice is back on the Alche' track With Ca$his, capitalizin on this mic in fact We fuckin with the captain of rap My nigga with the Nike cap keep the continuity quite exact So allure your cats into the second classic We're mature as the number uno aspect, as yet Who's to pass the driver? O tries to flow to die fo' and the death blow survive (woo!) I echo through your external vibe with internal experiences I've acquired (uhh) I'm probably the most honest hip-hopper alive A victim depictin images from my own eyes (yeah!) Never livin through homes, why? Homie got his own set of cajones, stand up guy It's Ca$his, O. Tri', rappers we blow by This is as accurate as the masses will have it, no lie Nigga! [Chorus Two: Obie Trice] We run this shit, fo'-five on the hip Been ridin for Shady (Shady, Shady) Y'all niggaz ain't G.O.A.T., y'all niggaz ain't skill Y'all niggaz ain't crazy (crazy) Bring it on if you want, you don't know the homicides that I got lately (nigga!) We run this shit, fo'-five on the hip Been ridin for Shady (Shady) [Chorus One] w/ minor variation {"A-A-A-A-A-A-A-Alchemist"} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Bobby Creekwater Album: Eminem Presents The Re-Up Song: There He Is Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Intro: Bobby Creekwater] Yesssss, ladies and gentlemen (yeah man) Bobby Creekwater, today's host Today's narrator, yeah (We do this shit every year around this time) Today's what-the-fuck-ever you wanna call it But I need y'all to sit back, and listen Listen man (fuck what you write man, just go get 'em) [Verse One] An executive mindframe, fuck tryin to rap Niggaz represent a corner, I refined the map Artesian water, this is flow untapped And rep for 'em like Mike on playoff night; that's if the payoff right The dream team, Bobby Creek, Em, 50 and them We +Run the City+ like Diddy and them The opposition we just pityin them, it's no chance Put you niggaz in the special olympics is no dance I'm nice like a meal twice, nigga no grams Get them bitches out they pants, I did it with no hands! See, one thing's for sure I'm pure uncut Baby you can either stay down or get gunned up Mr. Night Life, I can give you niggaz sun up I just get an order, let my niggaz pick the gun up That's one up on ya, nigga wake yo' punk ass up This is ammonia, fuck your face up Bitches won't even telephone ya I can space age pimpin, a pocket full of stone ya Ya dig? Take the world over that's the gig Sell enough units have Paul and Jimmy dancin the jig Roll the Maserati through the city, me and Riggs Bumpin Obie Trice, shoot a bird at the pigs Ever since a nigga got rich Life is still a bitch but she a high class bitch I just wanna fuck with me a high class bitch Nigga pitch that on some eyeglass shit See I classic, enough to get the mics back right And I'm a fan of record sales, I don't like that hype I'm here to end it Oh Lord that nigga mean, ain't he? Yea, goddamn that nigga clean, ain't he? Yea, see he a greedy baby But some people tend to call him the return of Shady There he is - goddamn that nigga clean, ain't he? Yea, oh Lord that nigga mean, ain't he? Yea, see he a greedy baby But some people tend to call him the return of Shady Bobby Creek, Bobby Creek... [Verse Two] Yea, yeah Nice like Mike right, you niggaz soft as night lights Diamond's a tall order I'm just tryin to get the hype right I'm throwed off, so hard, so soft, sold out Bought the Coupe a color of nice weather and rolled out I can't hold out, hot like a fish fried Who the fuck is this guy? The ruler on the disc I Hit you in your suit coolers, I'm in the Coupe cooler than pigskin men base runners and hoop shooters A loose screw ban money like the legendary Roots crew This is just the shit that I am used to Oh nah, I don't bust a chopper but I used to Now I put the word out - I'm sure you niggaz heard 'bout Young boss sold money, old school new paint Ball knowin you can't, give a fuck what you think Member of the mighty Shady Records, nigga you ain't Think you fuckin with me then double whatever you drink You can't fathom what the bitch throwin at him Couple niggaz hatin on him but the fans waitin on him like a, PlayStation 3, money for your advance My vacation fee, ain't no use in hatin me nigga And don't shit-talk pimp, I'd rather flush anyone with big enough nuts to come and fuck with us I bust but keep in mind, pressure bust pipes And you niggaz wouldn't bust a grape in a fruit fight What the fuck? (yeah) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Stat Quo Album: Eminem Presents The Re-Up Song: Tryin' Ta Win Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Stat Quo] Uhh, uhh, uhh Stat Quo, Alchemist, YEA! Direct respect, due to stress I almost lost my life My baby momma so much drama I gotta pay that price I'm a trip, I hate hoes on one hand The other hand I want me a wife Cop the Jag then lace her with ice Leave the mall with bags, yeah right! Skeet on that freak then dip the same night Fly a kite bitch, booty colder than a ice pick Fuck you and your best friend, I'm quite sick Plus it's my third leg make 'em throw fits I don't trust 'em nor love her - that's some bullshit! Ol' girl pregnant, now she's headed to the delivery room to have yo' baby Dawg, that's your lady - muh'fucker you crazy! Fuck that broad, she's shady Aftermath bitch I'm sway-zy How is latex lazy, that pussy had my vision hazy But Zaire's here, my only son and baby I mean Zaire's here, my only son and baby [Chorus: repeat 2X] I lost a whole lotta dollars, a whole lotta friends Who can I trust in the end? As the, love keeps spinnin, we all keep sinnin All cause we tryin to win (all cause we tryin to win) [Stat Quo] I don't roll with a whole lot of niggaz The mo' niggaz you roll with, the mo' niggaz wanna KILL YA Thought they was your la familia Now you're tied up blindfolded, and death is near ya Fucked in the game and act like dames Over fame just watch the change, change Muh'fuckers so quick to blame All the beef fly like planes, make it sayin the same Look what +Ca$h Money+ did to B.G., Juvenile and Wayne The root of evil with much disdain Of course they go against the grain to maintain, tryin to obtain big thangs Jealousy and hunger make the tec go {*boom*} Now you on the flo', blood leakin out your brain Mannn, that's the way it is That's how it be, that's how we live Watch your back, cause these kids tote ammo and they'll split your wig [Chorus] – 2X w/ ad libs {*music fades*} [Eminem] Shady Narcotics [50 Cent] Sh-Sh-Sh-Sh-Sh-Sh-Shady! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Akon f/ Bobby Creekwater, Stat Quo Album: Eminem Presents The Re-Up Song: Smack That (Remix) Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com [Akon] Shady, Konvict, Upfront... [Chorus: Akon] I feel you creepin I can see it from my shadow Wanna jump up in my Lamborghini Gulatto Maybe go to my place and just kick it like Tae-Bo And possibly bend ya over Look back and watch me smack that, all on the floor Smack that, give me some more Smack that, 'til you get sore Smack that, oh-ohhh-oh-ohh Smack that, all on the floor Smack that, give me some more Smack that, 'til you get sore Smack that, oh-ohhh-oh-ohh [Akon] Shorty if you wanna ride you can ride on me We can bump heads and collide on me Want beef, damn right can rely on me To bring that Campbell like Naomi Just pull that girl and take it on easy Lookin all oiled up and all greasy Bout that time you stop that teasin Way that you drop done got me here cheesin What's funny is that you takin all my money for real I rather spend it on you Right now than my homie's bail And I can see that's what you're made fo' And ain't ever been no lame ho With that booty bought and paid fo' Won't move 'til you on my payroll! [Stat Quo] Yeah, yeah, Stat Quo! Ahhh! I love when you do it girl move to it like you're used to it Drop it down I wanna put my thang through it To the crib we go, go fast and slow Make it twirl like a stripper slide down my pole Shawty ass so swole got your boy like whoa One night with me now she wanna marry Stat Quo But I'm like no, let's keep it on the low On occasion let me come through and tap that hole Make you lose control and all her girls know that I hit it right at night, I'm a pro I only come 'round and get sexual if she flexible and bisexual I might stay around for a longer time Only if, only if she can blow my mind I can hurt that, murk that, work that spine Now she in love and wants to be mine Stat Quo, YEA! [Bobby Creekwater] Yeah, it's Bobby Creek, know'msayin? The ice in the watch reflects the light to her The money quite green and the ice light bluer The swag might kill her so I said good night to her She don't want me to leave I can see right through her So we, dipped out, burn one trip out Get low like Caribbean limbo Didn't go out like light, baby girl get right Head so swole my hat don't fit right We can cruise in the car or we could take flight The middle of the night, make your body +8+ like +Mike Vick+ against the Eagles Call myself a king cause I'm regal To be this hot is not legal But we don't care, listen baby it's a fact that if you drop back I'ma quarterback sack that We can go deep and I can shark attack that Say you don't remember where your keys and your hat at? [Chorus] - repeat 2X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Eminem Album: Eminem Presents: The Re-Up Song: Public Enemy #1 Typed by: jude_bowman@hotmail.com [Eminem] Hello What up? Hello? Yo, I can't, I can't hear you Let me call you back I sense someone's tapping into my phones, why do I got this feeling in my bones I might die soon The FBI might be trying to pull my file soon I might be walking blindfold into a typhoon I might be seeing rockets light up the night sky Right outside the window of my living room And if they do you can say good night and by-bye to them iTunes If I don't try to record as much before I do The plan is to have as many in the can as I can As I stand before you in this booth of walking dead man Blank stair, dead pan, look on my face as I gaze into space As I wait to be scooped up in that van As I mysteriously disappear into thin air And they gonna say a sniper just appeared out of nowhere And I'll go down in the history As the bloodsucking leech who hid behind the freedom of speech Tried to take the 5th Amendment, use it, twist it and bend it And ended up dying the villian, not the hero Splendid, stupendous way to end this, I can feel the tremors tremendous In remembrance of September 11th Flash back to September 7th when 2Pac was murdered in Vegas He said it, he predicted his own death, let us never forget it Should we ever live to regret it Like that day John F. Kennedy was assassinated in broad day By the greatest lunatic with a gun Who just happened to work on the same block in the library book depository Where the President would go for a little Friday stroll Shots fired from the grassy knoll But they don't know, or do they Who's they, for 'em to say, touche' We're all vulnerable and its spook-ay This is about as kook-ay, as I've ever felt now Count down to nuclear meltdown 7,6,54,321 You can run, you can do what you want to But you know you ain't gonna do nothing When its time, it's your time You are the prime target You have become Public Enemy #1 The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Stat Quo Album: Eminem Presents The Re-Up Song: Get Low Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Stat Quo] Yeah, YEA! Stat Quo (Stat Quo) Doc Dre (Doc Dre) I represent the A-Town, A-Town Ay, ay, ay, ay I'm comin from the A-Town, A-Town Ha ha, Shady Aftermath Yeah, once again it's on Young Statlanta live in this muh'fucker holmes The hoes get naked soon as the song come on The niggaz get wreckless, it's off the chain here gone It's poppin speakers knockin crowded off on the flo' They jockin it, watchin when I walks through the do' It's him, tell a friend but you already know Act stupid or lose it, don't bother to fuck with Quo I'm kind of different, he's not the usual Sippin Cognac in between two beautiful bitches in the club, talk shit it's your funeral I came to get a buzz and crunk, understand? It's crowded, it's packed, it's jumpin - goddamn it's swole I'm cooler than cool as my temperature's - 30 below I'm checkin the scene if a new cut - droppin the low Shakin they ass, backin it up – fast or slow (YEA!) [Chorus: Stat Quo] You know this thang don't stop 'til I say so Now get low – get low, keep that ass on the flo' You know this club don't close 'til I say so Now get low – get low, keep that ass on the flo' Yeah, now get low – get low, keep that ass on the flo' Get low – get low, keep that ass on the flo' Yeah, now get low – get low, keep that ass on the flo' Now get low – get low, keep that ass on the flo' [Stat Quo] Yeah, it's goes three two one, shawty that's what's up At the bar lookin sober but I'm high as fuck And as far as all y'all who be actin tough I'm in the spot with the glock, please believe it's tucked (woo) We ready, we sweaty, it's hot - it's off the chain We mackin, excuse me miss, tell me what's your name The way you move in them jeans make me happy you came I'm tryin to get to know you, possibly get some brain I may pick your brains, I'm the man of your dreams You like me you wanna be wifey and join my team So I can sport you and support you by any means Nah, I ain't givin you none of my thangs But we can leave the club tonight, hit the telly and fuck Long as you know when I bust - I'm in the dust Ain't no chillin, it ain't nothin for us to discuss Except what time your ride pickin you up (YEA!) [Stat Quo] Yeah, yeah Turn that ass around, go on and do somethin Do somethin girl, touch the ground (YEA!) Turn that ass around, go on and do somethin (c'mon) Do somethin girl, touch the ground (OKAY!) Now drop it drop it drop it – get low, yeah (yea) Drop it drop it drop it – get low, yeah (YEA!) Drop it drop it drop it – get low, yeah Drop it drop it drop it – get low, yeah (YEA!) {Re-Up style} [Em] It's "The Re-Up!" The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: 50 Cent Album: Eminem Presents The Re-Up Song: Ski Mask Way (Eminem Remix) Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com * the opening begins at the end of the previous track "Get Low" (This, is.. an exclusive, remix) [Eminem] Remix! [50 Cent] Yeah, I'm tryin to catch me somethin A little jux or somethin [Chorus: 50 Cent] Nigga that watch is nice, that's what you bought for me? That chain is nice, that's what you bought for me? Them earrings is nice, that's what you bought for me? Take that shit off, move I'll break you off properly [Verse One] You wan' spray at me go 'head; the last nigga that tried got hit, keeled over, and bled 'til he died Your lil' sister callin me stupid, reason why her and your momma in the living room now hogtied I came up with two new ways to get rich, I can't wait Got a brand new cig in that ol' 38 I be schemin to put a lil' bread on my plate Watch and dress shirts, stomp through a hole in the cake I stick a nigga for his shine, sell him back the next day You thought I really want it you pussy? Bitch please This is stashhouse, jackpot, there go them ki's My black G-Unit hoodie just wreak with marijuana Cocaine comin out my pores in the sauna I'm serious man, I'm so sincere This the flow right here that fucked up Jeffrey's career Make money, take money, yeah nigga, YEAH [Interlude: 50 Cent] I get mine the fast way, the ski mask way Make money, make money money money Nigga if you ask me, this the only way Take money, take money money money [Verse Two] Who's that peepin in my window? WOW - the feds on me now They know when I'm sleepin, they know when I'm wake I know they got my phone tapped, I'm screamin fuck Jake I'm tryin to stay out them pens, so I switched states Bad News, VA - now that sounds great I see niggaz with that ice on, rims shined up This town's one big pussy, waitin to get fucked I holla at A.I. peoples to get gats They charge me 500 apiece for two macs Then I'm back doin me, back out on the spree Catch me and niggaz slippin out pumpin that D Get me a little crew I'll have 'em pumpin for me The more product I take the more paper we see Change my name, in NY they don't know where I be Yeah a nigga doin dirt, but a nigga low-key [Interlude] ... {*gun cocks* - *BLAM!*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Eminem f/ Bobby Creekwater, Nate Dogg, Obie Trice Album: Eminem Presents The Re-Up Song: Shake That (Remix) Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com [Eminem] Woo! Shady, Aftermath (B-G-O-V) Look at that bitch, shit! Hey! There she goes, shakin that ass on the flo' Bumpin and grindin that pole The way she's grindin that pole (yeah, yeah) I think I'm losing control (Bobby, Bobby, Bobby CREEK!) [Bobby Creekwater] I bought a girl Patron, I get in the Henn' I'm gone My eyes ain't clear and I'm long so she hearin me wrong I'm kinda in the zone cause the DJ playin my song Just another opportunity for sayin I'm known I'm from Atlanta, so Southern ain't just a part of my grammar I can dump and cock my hammer for any nigga with ammo But I came here to get on Goose and Tropicana Get loose, put some more in my juice and your caboose Sippin everything from white cran to deuce-deuce With nothin to gain but my grains and loose tooths Eminem came, then Obie, Stat and Proof too Bobby Creek is in the place, the name is new too But the money been around, my drinks is ten around I can make her spin around, least she keep her dinner down Simmer down, we can hit the telly when the fun stops And I let you and your girl come tickle my gumdrops, yo [Nate Dogg] Three to the one from the one to the three I met a bad bitch last night in the D Let me tell you how I made her leave with me Conversation and Hennessy I've been to the motherfuckin mountain top Heard motherfuckers talk, seen 'em drop If I ain't got a weapon I'ma pick up a rock And when I bust yo' ass I'm gon' continue to rock Getcha ass of the wall with your two left feet It's real easy just follow the beat Don't let that fine girl pass you by Look real close cause strobe lights lie We 'bout to have a party - turn the music up Let's get it started - go 'head and shake your butt I'm lookin for a girl with a body and a sexy strut Wanna get it poppin baby step right up Some girls they act retarded Some girls are bout it, bout it I'm lookin for a girl that will do whatever the fuck I say everyday she be givin it up [Chorus: Nate Dogg] Now shake, that, ass for me - shake that ass for me C'mon girl shake, that, ass for me - shake that ass for me Aw girl shake, that, ass for me - shake that ass for me C'mon girl shake, that, ass for me - shake that ass for me [Eminem] OBIE TRICE! [Obie Trice] One slug couldn't snuff young cuz Goodness gracious, haters stay on his nuts Wood just like a hoodrat chick who was curious Serious full breast ready to touch Who's that in the Coupe blew back with a blue new hat givin head while he poppin the clutch? True that I had a few, Obie rollin with brutes And Nathaniel annually knockin the boots It's all manual the way I get 'em outta they shoes Talk a lil' shit then they anus'll ooze Hock a lil' spit on my dang-a-lang boo It's Sha-dy; you know the name of the crew You know the aim is to bang you in a mansion With a Magnum when the night came to the matinee Mathers, Nate, Obie – came to party You better ask somebody The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Obie Trice f/ Bobby Creekwater, Ca$his, Kuniva, Stat Quo Album: Eminem Presents The Re-Up Song: Cry Now (Shady Remix) Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com [Tony Yayo] Shady, Shady, Shady [Intro: Obie Trice] OOOOOOOOOOOOO-MIIIIIIIIIX {"Cryyyy"} Back nigga (dry ya face nigga) "Second Round's on Me" (get it together) Kuniva, Ca$his (I ain't goin nowhere) Stat Quo, Bobby Creekwater (O. Trice) WHAT! [Obie Trice] Niggaz didn't kill me, now a nigga's gone (yeah) Can't, peel my cap back, I'm never at home (ha!) I'm somewhere, with my shaft restin on a hoe's tongue (word) Sippin Dom Perignon while she sippin up them newborns Yeah, bet ya hate the news holmes (nigga!) He probably somewhere, sippin on a stoop, huh? Sippin on a brew, plottin to pop me later huh? (haha) When will a hater learn I'm too great on a song I push weight on the corner, send weight to the coroner When courage make him turn performer I transform into Uma Therman, a dude's version Verses lettin a 'perfluous nigga with no purpose (woo!) Continue to walk this earth's surface I was birthed in hip-hop, watch out my services (that's right) Yet, you tried to murder this nigga that's comin from the same turf as you's (NIGGA) what nerve of you's (NIGGA) Pissed cause your hustles ain't worth a shit (NIGGA!) I'm gettin rich, I'm on my way to Hugh Hefner's, dig? With a bitch you in the trenches tryin to reach it big (ah-ha!) On another rapper's dick who don't represent where you live (DUMMY!) Know you're annoyed but don't make the mistake I'm state to state in that Honda nigga, not an Accord (woo) I'm in that Honda G4 you would never afford (woo) And yep, it's probably ease when a nigga is on board [Chorus: Obie Trice] {"Cryyyyy now"} Cry now {"Cryyyyy now"} Cry now {"Cryyyyy now"} Cry now {"Cryyyyy now"} Nigga cry now [Kuniva] I'll be damned if I let a nigga lay his hands on me I'll lay his ass out and park a Grand Am on him The city where the weak survive and the strong die Where beef collide, shootouts happen and hit the wrong guy I done seen the worst of the worst - and what can be worse than a verse about bullets dispersed up in your shirt The streets is like a curse, niggaz frontin for a bitch It's like you beggin to die like bear huntin with a switch A part of my heart is gone, I can never smile the same Trigger finger is itchy, it'll take a while to tame Detroit is hella Dirty but the Dozen can fix it Resist and a biscuit will excede the distance And bounce off one's home, hit and ricochet Off a kid's trombone right to where you niggaz lay Obie can tell you that death is just a few inches away I shed tears but you can get your fill of it today {"Cryyyyy now, cryyyyy now, cryyyyy now, cryyyyy now"} [Bobby Creekwater] Yo, Obie, they gonna fuck with us this time nigga (B-G-O-V) Uh, Bobby Creek, nigga Laugh now, cry never, my beretta is a body part Hit 'em with just enough shots to make his body art Now I feel like we even See Creek is here to shine a light on you niggaz this evenin Soon as I get my call I'm right on them zeros I'm leavin Load up a clip and make it dark on them heroes I'm cheesin Shit they got snitches on the clock, gotta watch what I sayin Me buy a bitch a couple rocks in a watch? Quit playin Back on my grizzy my nizzy, nobody ran with me And for them fuckin spectators I brought the band with me Halftime niggaz, and grab pine you would never grab mine nigga The doc was lyin when he said you gon' be fine nigga [Eminem] Ca$his! [Ca$his] Witness the art of war, in the physical (geah!) Since raw coke was rushed through my umbilical (uhh c'mon) And no words from Ca$h mouth is fiction (what?) Ready to throw clips if, I'm never dissin you My aura awards raw to the core and the surface of the street, when I walk through the door, my purpose is to move up, pull towards you purp'in Watch me overthrow the government for my interpret Plot of Bin Laden, soul of Mumia I'm prayin to Proof, I'm +Searching for Jerry Garcia+ Talk to my brother, gone in the streets of the D I'm totin the K, at hawk niggaz waitin on me You take the first shot then, +Second Round's on Me+ And when you walk, on the other side of me, and my brother ride I don't rap for the plaques My contract's signed just for scraps to get you wacked Nigga, with a gun, with a shank, with a bat Take a slug through the lung, get it right, what you wack nigga I'm born crazed deranged and more famous than clappin down bangers meant, for entertainment, geah [Stat Quo] Young Stat keep the gat on tuck Want war, I don't give a fuck Shot 'til you kiss, pucker up It'll lift him up, believe me you'll float The result is your family heartbroke (YEA!) Lookin like an artichoke vegetable, hold stiff Nigga paralyzed from the neck down, my goons stick niggaz Turn soldiers to stick figures, hand on triggers Real life, born killers, we roll out like four-wheelers God shill us, from back-stabbers and goldiggers Tipsy off brown liquor, watch me Obnoxious, broads call me cocky Poppy long dick Stat beat up the box like hockey Especially when a bitch ride dick like jockeys From the Benz, to the Range, to the black jalopy I'm the shit, the only one who ain't heard is Foxy Formalize the plan, no man can stop me Boss hog, Stat Quo understand, you COPY? You COPY? {*sound of radio changing stations*} [Tony Yayo] Shady, Shady! {"A-A-A-A-A-A-A-Alchemist"} [Eminem] It's "The Re-Up!" {*echoes*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Eminem Album:  Eminem Presents: The Re-Up Song:   No Apologies Typed by: roach1984@hotmail.com In my mind I'm a fighter, my hearts a lighter My soul is the fluid, my flow sparks it right up But arsenic writer, often with arth-er-itis Carpel-tunnel, Marshal with start shit-itis Hard-headed and hot-headed Bull-headed and pig-headed Dick-headed a prick, a big headache I'm sick Quick with it for every lyric spit it There are 6 critics who wait, for me to slip with it So quick this dynamite stick, bury the wick It's gonna ex-plode any minute, some lunatic Lit it and its not Nelly, do not tell me to stop yelling When I stop selling I'll quit so, stop dwelling I am not failing, you fuckers are not ready Cause I got jelly, like Beyonce's pot belly This is destiny, yes money I'm off running, so get off of me I'm not slowing the softening No apologies, nah suckers I'm not sorry You can all sue me; y'all could be the cause of me No apologies, y'all feeling the force of me No remorse for me, like there was no recourse (nah) for me No apologies, not even acknowledging you at all Till I get a call that God's coming No apologies, laugh fuckers, its all funny I can spit in your face while you're standing across from me No apologies My head hits the pillow, a weeping willow I can't sleep, a pain so deep it bellows But these cellos, help just to keep me mellow Hands on my head, touch knees to elbows I'm hunched over emotion just flows over These cold shoulders are both frozen You don't know me I keep saying it, I can't stress it enough So keep playing it, and stand next to the subs I choke mics like affixation When I'm strangling my own throat masturbating Fuck yeah I'm a basket case And I mastered this rap shit till my ass gets wasted Till my assassination, till I'm slain cuz of some fags infatuation .44 Mag's fascination a taste for disaster and if that's the case then No apologies, nah suckers I'm not sorry You can all sue me; y'all could be the cause of me No apologies, y'all feeling the force of me No remorse for me, like there was no recourse (nah) for me No apologies, not even acknowledging you at all Till I get a call that God's coming No apologies, laugh fuckers it's all funny I could spit in your face while you're standing across from me No apologies This song isn't for you it's for me A true MC, it's what he'll do Just to see if he still has it And if his skills mastered He's able to spill raps long after he's killed that's a Real MC got you feeling me Whether willing or unwillingly, you still agree As long as there's still this hunger, and will in me Then expect a longer life expectancy I'd be a savage beast if I ain't had this outlet to salvage me Inside, I'd be exploding soaked in self loathing And mourning so I'm warning you don't coax me It's silly, but really its sheep in wolves clothing Who only reacts when he gets pushed don't be fooled, the press blows up this whole thing It's stupid, they don't know cuz they don't see That I'm wounded, all they did was ballooned it I'm sick of talking bout these tattoos Cartoon did That's why I tuned it OUT I'm sick of duking They can suck my dick while I'm puking, and you too you can Expect no sympathy from me I'm an MC, this is how I'm supposed to be Cold as a G, my hearts frozen it don't even beat So expect no apologies Expect no sympathy from me I'm an MC, this is how I'm supposed to be Cold as a G, my hearts frozen it don't even beat So expect no apologies Artist: Eminem Album: Relapse Song: 3 A.M. Typed by: rockbottomer@hotmail.com [Intro] There is no escaping, There's no place to hide You scream "someone save me!" But they don't pay no mind Goodnight, goodbye [Verse 1] You're walking down a horror corridor It's almost 4 in the morning and you're in a nightmare It's horrible, right there's the coroner Waiting for you to turn the corner so he can corner ya, you're a goner He's onto ya, out the corner of his cornea, he just saw you run All ya want is to rest cause you can't run anymore, you're done All he wants is to kill you in front of an audience While everybody is watching in the party, applauding it Here I sit while I'm caught up in deep thought again Contemplating my next plot again Swallowing a Klonopin while I'm nodding in and out on the ottoman  At the Ramada Inn, holding onto the pill bottle, then Lick my finger and swirl it round the bottom and make sure I got all of it Wake up naked at McDonald's with, blood all over me Dead bodies behind the counter, shit Guess I must have just blacked out again, not again [Chorus x2] It's 3 A.M. in the morning Put my key in the door Bodies laying all over the floor and I don't remember how they got there But I guess I must have killed 'em, killed 'em I said... [Verse 2] Sitting nude in my living room, it's almost noon I wonder what's on the tube, maybe they'll show some boobs Surfing every channel until I find Hannah Montana Then I reach for the Aloe and Lanolin Bust all over the wall panelling Dismantling every candle, on top of the fireplace mantling Grab my flannel and my bandana then kiss the naked mannequin man again You can see him standing in my front window, would you look in? I'm just a hooligan who's used to using hallucinogens Causing illusions again, brain contusions again Cutting and bruising the skin, raise the scissors and pins Jesus when does it end, phases that I go through Dazed and I'm so confused, days that I don't know who Gave these molecules to me, what am I gon' do Hey the prodigal son, the diabolical one Very methodical when I slaughter them [Chorus x2] It's 3 A.M. in the morning Put my key in the door Bodies laying all over the floor and I don't remember how they got there But I guess I must have killed 'em, killed 'em I said... [Bridge x2] She puts the lotion in the bucket It puts the lotion on the skin Or else it gets the hose again [Verse 3] I dump and I slash, slice and gash last night was a blast I can't quite remember when I had that much fun Off a half pint of the Jack, my last Vic' and a half A Fleshlight of Kim Kardashian's ass I remember the first time I dismembered a family member December I think it was, I was having drinks with my cousin I wrapped him in Christmas lights, pushed him into the stinking tub Cut him up into pieces and just when I went to drink his blood I thought I ought to drink his bath water, that ought to be fun That's when my days of serial murder manslaughter begun The sight of blood excites me, that might be an artery son Your bloodcurdling screams, just don't seem to bother me none It's 3 A.M. and here I come, so you should probably run  A secret passageway around here, man there's gotta be one Oh no, there's probably none, he can scream all that he wants Top of his lungs, there ain't no stopping me from chopping him up, up Cause it was.. [Chorus x2] It's 3 A.M. in the morning Put my key in the door Bodies laying all over the floor and I don't remember how they got there But I guess I must have killed 'em, killed 'em I said... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Eminem Album: Relapse Song: My Mom Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Intro: Eminem] Yeah, yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah Okay, aight aight aight aight aight aight Yo, yo.. yo, yo! Aight I'ma lay the chorus first Here we go now! [Chorus: Eminem] My mom, loved Valium, and lots of drugs That's why I am, like I am, cause I'm like her Because my mom, loved Valium, and lots of drugs That's why I'm on, what I'm on, cause I'm my mom [Eminem] My mom, my mom! I know you're probably tired  of hearin 'bout my mom – oh-ho, whoa-ho But this is just a story of when I was just a shorty and how I became hooked on Va-aliu-ums Valium was in everything, food that I ate The water that I drank, fuckin peas on my plate She sprinkled just enough of it to season my steak So every day I'd have at least three stomachaches Now tell me, what kinda mother would wanna see her son grow up to be an under-a-fuckin-chiever My teacher didn't think I was gonna be nothin either "What the fuck you stickin gum up under the fuckin seat for? Mrs. Mathers, your son has been huffin ether Either that or the motherfucker's been puffin reefer" But all this huffin and puffin wasn't what it was either It was neither, I was buzzin but it wasn't what she thought Pee in a teacup? Bitch you ain't my keeper I'm sleepin, what the fuck you keep on fuckin with me for? Slut you need to leave me the - fuck alone I ain't playin, go find you a white crayon and color a fuckin zebra [Eminem] Wait a minute, this ain't dinner, this is paint thinner "You ate it yesterday, I ain't hear no complaints, did I? Now here's a plate full of painkillers, now just wait 'til I crush the Valium and put it in your potatoes Ya little motherfucker, I'll make you sit there and make that  retarded fuckin face without even tastin it You better lick the fuckin plate, you ain't wastin it Put your face in it 'fore I throw you in the basement again And I ain't givin in - you're gonna just sit there in one fuckin place finnickin 'til next Thanksgiving and if you still ain't finished it I'll use the same shit again Then when I make spinach dip it'll be placed in the shit You little shit, wanna sit there and play innocent? A rack fell and hit me in K-Mart and they witnessed it Child support, your father he ain't sent the shit And so what if he did? It's none of your dang business kid!" My mom - there's no one else quite like my mom I know I should let bygones be bygones But she's the reason why I am high on what I'm high on Cause [Eminem] My mom loved Valium, now all I am is a party animal, I am what I am But I'm strong to the finish with me Valium spinach But my bars only last about two minutes But I don't wanna swallow it without chewin it I can't even write a rhyme without you in it My Valium, my Vaaaaaa-liummmm, ohhhhhhh Man I never thought that I could ever be a drug addict, naw, fuck that I can't have it happen to me But that's actually, what has ended up happenin A tregedy; the fuckin past ended up catchin me And it's, probably where I got acquainted with the taste, ain't it? Pharmaceuticals are the bomb ma, beautiful! She killed the fuckin dog with the medicine she done fed it Feed it a fuckin aspirin and say that it has a headache "Here, want a snack? You hungry you fuckin brat? Look at that, it's a Xanax, take it and take a nap Eat it!" But I don't need it! "Well fuck it then break it up Take a little piece and beat it before you wake Nathan up!" Aight Ma you win, I don't feel like arguin I'll do it, pop it, gobble it and start wobblin Stumble, hobble, tumble, slip, trip then I fall in bed with a bottle of meds and a Heath Ledger bobblehead [Outro: Eminem] My mom, I'm just like her My mom, my mom, my mom My mom, my mom, my mom My mom, my mom, my mom My mom, my momma Me momma, ay like-a da momma Haha, sorry mom I still love you though {*smooch*} Dr. Dre 2010, ay this shit is hella hard homie Yo take us on outta here, woo! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Eminem Album: Relaspe Song: Insane Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com [Eminem] I was born with a dick in my brain, yeah fucked in the head My stepfather said that I sucked in the bed 'til one night he snucked in and said "We're goin out back, I want my dick sucked in the shed" Can we just play with Teddy Ruxpin instead? "After I fuck you in the butt, get some head,   bust a nut, get some rest" The next day, my mother said, "I don't know what the fuck's UP with this kid! The bastard won't even eat nothing, he's scared He just hung himself in the bedroom, he's dead!" "Debbie, don't let that fucker get you upset  Go in there, stick a fuckin cigarette to his neck  I bet you he's fakin it, I bet you  I bet he probably just wants to see how upset you would get  I'll go handle this, of course, unless you object" "Aw, go fuck his brains out if any's left in his head" [Chorus 2X] If you count the skeletons in my closet Under my bed, not under my faucet Then you would know I completely lost it Is he nuts? -- NO, he's insane! [Eminem] (Are you in?) Naw, fucker tried to bite my face off I just got fuckin chased off with a chainsaw Then he took the chainsaw, bit the fuckin blades off Ate the blades, cut the baseball and the slingshot Then the aimed at his own face, let the thang popped Took his eye out, picked it up and played ping-pong Then he played ping-pong with his own ding-dong That motherfucker's got nuts like King Kong Then he set the lawnmower out on the dang lawn And he laid all up underneath it with the thing on Then he took his pants and took EVERY fuckin thing off Everything but his tanktop and his training bra Ain't he raw? Yeah, maniac, that Shady dawg Man, that motherfucker's gangsta, ain't he, dawg? Shady dawg, what be goin through that fuckin brain of yours? Say no more, what the fuck you waitin for? Sing along... [Eminem] Don't you know what felch means? (Yeah!) Well, then tell me Would you rather get felched or do the felching? Fuck 'em in the ass, suck the cum out while you belchin {*burps*} Burp, belch, then go back for a second helping Could you dig what I'm sayin, man? Could you smell me? I want you to feel like my stepfather felt me (uhmm...) Fuck a little puppy, kick the puppy while he's yelpin (Shady, what the fuck you saying?) I don't know - HELP ME! What the fuck's happening?! I think I'm fucking MELLLTING! "Marshall, I just love you boy, I care about your well-being" NO, dad I said NO! I don't need no help-ing I'm a big boy, I can do it by myself, see? I only get naked when the babysitter tells me She showed me her a movie like "Nightmare on Elm Street" But it was X, and they called it "Pubic Hair on Chelsea" "Well, this is called 'Ass Rape' and we're shooting the jail scene" The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Eminem Album: Relaspe Song: Bagpipes From Baghdad Typed by: ssdonester@gmail.com [Intro: Eminem] Aaahhhh... Oh, it's music to my ears... oh man! How can I describe the way I feel? Fucking great man! Ok, let me see... How can I begin? [VERSE 1] Locked in Mariah's wine cellar all I had for lunch Was red wine, more red wine and captain crunch Red wine for breakfast and for brunch And to soak it up an in-between snack crackers to munch mariah whatever happened to us? Why did we have to break up? All I asked for was a glass of punch! You see I never really asked for much I can't imagine what's going through your mind after such A nasty break-up with that Latin hunk Luis Miguel—Nick Cannon better back the fuck Up, I'm not playin', I want her back, you punk This is Hello Kitty bedspread satin funk Mixed with egyptian with a little rap and punk Zepp' and Eric Clapton, Shaft, Frank Zappa, crunk And yeah baby I want another crack at ya You can beat me with any spatula that you want I mean I really want you bad, you cunt Nick you had your fun, I've come to kick you in your sack of junk Man I could use a fresh batch of blood So prepare your vernacular for Dracula acupuncture [CHORUS] Bagpipes from Baghdad When will it ever cease For Pete's sakes he's crazy to say the least Bagpipes from Baghdad What's goin through my mind Half the time when I rhyme we're blowin up like Bagpipes from Baghdad Somebody turn the vacancy sign on Cause I'm gone, blowing up my Bagpipes from Baghdad I run the streets and act Like a madman holdin a glad bag [VERSE 2] You can be a permanent fixture in my lyrical mixture I'm the miracle whip... trickster My sig-nature sound when a tube of lipstick's around I'm bound to put it on in an instant, wow man What an ensemble, what an assortment of pharma- -ceuticals this beautiful pill dust in my palm, my cuticles get residue just from touchin the bottle Never knew I could remind me so much of my momma I'll cut ya like Dahmer, pull the butcher knife on ya The size of a sword boy I'm like the fuckin red sonja Get it stuck in your cornea, nice knowin ya Norman Your so fuckin annoyin, drop the shovel boy You don't know what the fuck you're doin I ain't playin no fuckin more Nick Cannon you prick I wish you luck with the fuckin whore Every minute there's a sucker born, snuck up on Malachi made the motherfucker suck on a shuck of corn Chaka, Chaka Khan, Chaka Kahn Hit Jason in the face with a hockey puck and tell em it's fuckin on Man what the fuck are ya doin You're runnin over the snowblower with the lawnmower Blowin your bagpipes from Baghdad [REPEAT CHORUS] [VERSE 3] In the bed with two brain dead lesbian vegetables I bet you they become heterosexual Nothing will stop me from molestin' you Titty-fuckin' you til' your breast nipple flesh tickles my testicles Is what they said to the two conjoined twins How's it going girlfriends, you need a boyfriend You need some ointment, just set up an appointment Who's gonna see the doctor first, we'll do a coin flip I just got my one-year sobriety coin chip When the bad get goin, how bad does the going get Baby you shouldn't have any trouble rubbin groins wit Each other especially when you're joined at the hip I'm going to get the needle and thread from the sewing kit An attempt to separate 'em and stitch 'em back at the loin shit Lure the little boy with the chocolate chips ahoy! chip- Cookie lookie even took me a polaroid flick [REPEAT CHORUS] [OUTRO] Hghum-day-li-laaa-aaa-aaa-aaa-aa-aah-aah {*repeat 4X*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Eminem Album: Relapse Song: Hello Typed by: martijnlinde@hotmail.com Hello... Allow me to introduce myself... My name is, Shady. It's so nice to meet you...It's been a long time... Sorry I've been away so long...  My name is, Shady... I never meant to leave you [Verse 1] You see that chick in the gym, checkin' me out Any second I'm bout to stick her neck in my mouth I lose a pill, and I'm wrecklessly reckin' the house That was supposed to be breakfast, where the heck is it now There's the neckless I lost, clingin' to Stephanie's blouse Man I should check to see if my mom left any out Nope, guess I'll re-route Maybe somewhere in the depths of the couch Oh jackpot, yeah, open sesame mouth Down the hatch, and the feelin' you can't match it I rat-tat-tat on your door with the damn ratchet Att-ack-tack-tacking a whore with the damn hatchet A napsack pack with like 40sumn Xanax's Shorty come back, I'm tryna score me some lap dances Cause I'm bout to relapse, so baby pour me some Jack Daniels Forumla 44D and 40's with bad capsules The bad apple spoils the bunch, I'm back atcha Well I don't mean any harm all I wanted to do is just say Hello And are you menstruating baby, my lil' friends waitin' to say Hello The way your titties are wiggling and your booties shakin' like jello Well I don't mean any harm all I wanted to do is just say Hello [Verse 2] Yeah My equilibrium's off, must be the lithium I don't need to buy any drugs, man people gimmie um It just becomes everyday, extra curriculum No reason inparticular, it was strictly fun a 5th of trone and 2 bottles of 151 51 people asleep in my damn living room Excuse me hun, but what is your name, Vivienne? I woke up next to ya naked and err, did we um Of course we did, but didn't I strap a jimmy hun? I'm looking for the torn rapper but there don't seem to be one No offense baby girl, I don't mean any harm But disease is something I'm tryna keep my penis free from I find the package and I'm cool, I immediately run Like Speedy Gonzales, Alistar see if I see anyone Who might have a couple of 3's I'm fiendin' for some My head is pounding to the beat of the drum Well I don't mean any harm all I wanted to do is just say Hello And do ya happen to have anything on ya to make my mood mellow? Some are opal and some are pink, some are blue and some are just yellow Well I don't mean any harm all I wanted to do is just say Hello [Verse 3] Oh, those were the days, they certainly were It's hurtin' me to know I'll be closin' that curtain for good Word, word, word, word, word, word, word I second that and a third, rushed to emergency surgery To try to flush me because of the drugs that he purchased He's no longer getting them free, 100 bucks for these percodans Plus it's getting to be where he lustfully searched the den Pain is hitting his knee and his muscles be hurting him Tirelessly on the phone trying to russle up, muscle relaxants For his back, and a couple of blacksons, now he's doubling backwards And he's stumbling back, slipped and fell, hit his back bone Heard something go crack, Now he's up in the bathroom Like he's busting a nap, almost ended it that soon Because of the fact, I'm just busting my own chops While I'm busting a rap, resuscitated and rejuved, so fuck it I'm back Well I don't mean any harm all I wanted to do is just say Hello And do ya happen to have anything on ya to make my mood mellow? Some are opal and some are pink, some are blue and some are just yellow Well I don't mean any harm all I wanted to do is just say Hello [Outro] And so I'm sayin' Hello... Allow me to introduce myself... My name is, Shady. It's so nice to meet you...It's been a long time... Sorry I've been away so long...  My name is, Shady... I never meant to leave you The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Eminem Album: Relapse Song: Same Song & Dance Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Intro: Eminem] Yo (same song and dance) Damn girl (everywhere I go, same song and dance) I like the way you move (all over the globe, same song and dance) Something about it man (same song and dance) In the pale moonlight (yo) [Eminem] I'm lookin at ya, yeah girl, you're kinda tooken back by the whole rapper thing, aren't ya? Probably thinkin you'll get slapped so dang hard ya won't even be able to stand up straight, aren't ya? Couple rape charges people think you're a monster The police constantly buggin you non-stop I walk up on ya, well hello Tonya I think you got your OnStar button inside your car stuck You out of gas? Do you got a flat? I would hate for you to be stranded at the laundry mat, I got your back Why don't you put your laundry baskets in the back and sit up front, I'm not asking, it's a trap You just got jacked and body snatched and it's a wrap In broad day, and no masks for this attack I heard 'em say, exact opposites attract If that's a fact, it'll take taskforce to get you back, c'mon [Chorus: Eminem] Yeah baby, do that dance It's the last dance you'll ever get the chance to do Girl shake that ass, you ain't never gonna break that glass That windshield's too strong for you I said yeah baby, sing that song It's the last song you'll ever get the chance to sing You sexy little thing, show me what you got Give it your all, look at you bawl, why you cryin to me? Same song and dance [Eminem] The first victim I had she was a big one Big movie star, a party girl, big fun She was the girl the media always picked on In and out of rehab every 4 to 6 months She was always known for little pranks and slick stunts At Nickelodeon flashed the little kids once What an event it was, I was sitting in front I was hooked in at the first glimpse of them buns Seen her backstage, now here's where I come in son Look here she comes, I'd better pull out the big guns Hello Lindsay, you're lookin a little thin hon How 'bout a ride to rehab? Get in cunt! But starting off on the wrong foot is what I didn't want Girl I'm just kidding, let me start over again hon See what I meant was, we should have a little intervention Come with me to Brighton, let me relieve your tension You little wencher, murder wasn't my intention If I wanted to kill you it would've already been done Slowly she gets in and I begin to lynch her with 66 inches of extension, cord [Eminem] My second victim was even bigger than the first Pop star, icon, the whole works She played the little schoolgirl when she first burst up on the scene, it seemed that the world was hers She twirls and turns and flirts in skirts so bad it hurts It irked me, it made me mad at first I lashed out in my songs,  but what was really goin on was that I had developed a crush I just didn't know how to tell it to her Should I cut off one of my ears and mail it to her? Send her pictures of my collection of skeletons or footage of me impalin myself on an elephant tusk? We'll settle this once and for all, I'ma tell her at dusk Tonight, tonight is the night, and tell her I must Creep up to her mansion in stilettos and just Climb the gate and ring the bell like, "Hello my love" I just picked your prescription for Seroquel up Now would you like to share a pill or two with me? I'll share my Valium with you cause I'm feelin you Britney I'll trade you a blue one for a pink one Ever since the schoolgirl juvenile delinquent I've been feelin you, ooh ooh girl you sexy little gal you Hold that pill any longer it'll get sentimental value C'mon toots, give me the Valium alley-oop I'll slam dunk it in your mouth 'til you puke And just as soon as you pass out in your alphabet soup I'm 'bout to, make a new outfit outta you New outfit? Shit I'll make a suit outta you, shoot Now show me how you move, baby do how-a you do [Eminem] Same kickin and screamin, same cryin and sobbin Same song and dance Same beggin and pleadin, same yellin and bleedin Same song and dance Yeah, same song and dance I know, same song and dance The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Eminem f/ Charmagne Tripp Album: Relapse Song: We Made You Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Eminem] Guess who? D'you miss me? Jessica Simpson, sing the chorus [Chorus: Charmagne Tripp] + (Eminem) When you walked, through the door (woo!) It was clear to me (clear to me) You're the one, they adore Who they came to see (who they came to see) You're a, rock star (baby!) Everybody wants you (everybody wants you) Player (ohh!) Who can really blame you? (who can really blame you) We're the ones who made you [Eminem] Chka... ahem, back by popular demand! Now pop a little Zan-tac, for antacid if you can You're ready to tackle any task that is at hand How does it feel? Is it fantastic, is it grand? Well look at all the massive masses in the stands Shady man, no, don't massacre the fans Damn, I think Kim Kardashian's a man She stomped him, just cause he asked to put his hands on her massive, gluteus maximus again Squeeze it and squish it and pass it to a friend Can he come back as nasty as he can? Yes he can-can, don't ask me this again He does not mean to lesbian offend But Lindsay, please come back to seeing men Samantha's a 2, you're practically a 10 I know you want me girl, in fact, I see you grin Now come in, girl [Eminem] The enforcer, lookin for more women to torture Walk up to the cutest girl and, Charlie horse her Sorry Portia, but what's Ellen DeGeneres have that I don't? Are you tellin me tenderness? Well I can be as gentle and as smooth as a gentleman Give me my Ventolin inhaler, and two Xenadrine And I'll invite Sarah Palin out to dinner then Nail her, baby say hello to my little friend Brit forget K-Fed, let's cut off the middleman Forget him or you're gonna end up in the hospital again And this time it won't be for the Ritalin binge Forget them other men girl, pay them little attention And little did I mention that Jennifer's in love with me John Mayer so sit on the bench Man I swear them other guys, you give 'em an inch They take a mile, they got style but it isn't Slim [Eminem - singing] And that's why, my love, you'll never live, without I know you want me girl cause I can see you're checkin me out And baby, you know, you know you want, me too Don't try to deny it baby, I'm the only one, for you {*fart*} [Eminem] Damn girl, I'm beginning to sprout an Alfalfa Why should I wash my filthy mouth out? You think that's bad you should hear the rest of my album Never has there been such finesse and nostalgia Man Cash, I don't mean to mess with your gal but Jessica Alba, put her breasts on my mouth, blup Wowzers, I just made a mess in my trousers And they wonder why I keep dressin like Elvis Lord help us, he's back in his pink Alf shirt Lookin like someone shrinked his outfit I think he's 'bout to flip, Jessica Rest assured Superman's here to rescue ya Can ya blame me? You're my Amy, I'm your Blake Matter fact, bake me a birthday cake with a saw blade in it to make my jailbreak Baby I think you just met your soulmate Now break it down, girl [Eminem] So baby baby get down, down-down Baby get down, down-down Baby get down, down-down Baby get down, get down Baby get down, down-down Baby get down, down-down Baby get down, down-down Baby get down, get down [Outro: Eminem] Ohh Amy! Rehab never looked so good! I can't wait, I'm going back Ha ha, woo! Dr. Dre! 2020! Yeah The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Eminem Album: Relapse Song: Medicine Ball Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Intro: Eminem] Ohh, my goodness! What have I done? Oh no (oh no) I can't believe it! (believe it) It's like (it's like) I've got the whole WORLD, in my palm (in my palm) And I'm ready to drop bombs [Eminem] Welcome to the Slim Shady Mecca, Rebecca It's the village in New York right next to the Tribeca That's my sector, homosexual dissector Come again, rewind selector! I said nice rectum, I had a vasectomy Hector So you can't get pregnant if I bi-sexually wreck ya Hannibal Lecter in the guy section I bet ya I tantalize ya and in less than five seconds I get ya They say once bitten and twice shy, well lie next to the guy with nine extasy pills and five extra Boxes of ripped condoms in quantities, why yes sir I took the rest of the Lunesta pills from my dresser That's my kind of vibe, what else should I try Lester? Dropkick the bitch before her second trimester Perform the home abortion with Dexter then I guess I'll dig her fetus out with a wire hanger then digest her [Chorus: Eminem] I guess it's time for you to hate me again Let's begin, now hand me the pen How should I begin it and where does it all end? The world is just my medicine ball, you're all in I said I guess it's time for you to hate me again Let's begin, now hand me the pen How should I begin it and where does it all end? My medicine ball, you're in my medicine ball friends [Eminem] All my Westside bitches throw it up Put a balloon inside your pussy, queef and blow it up Man I think that he just fell off the deep end, sho' enough So you better change the station to keep from throwin up Man you seen it all before, you're all too familiar with it There's a penis on the floor and two balls so you know who did it You know you with it girl, don't front, oh no you didn't I won't rape all the Pussycat Dolls? Nicole you kiddin? I'll pee on Rihanna, see man I do what I wanna Spray perfume in the sauna room, crazy gluing Madonna to the La-Z-Boy sofa, fold her in two then sit on her Imagine a visual for that man, who woulda thought I could ever be such a relentless prick unleashing his vengeace But the chick's so old she looks like she out-lived a life sentence I never meant this, rhyme to be so offensive If you weren't so defensive it wouldn't be, you're so sensitive! [Eminem] Put Christopher Reeves on a unicycle with a kickstand Kick it up and push him and lead him right into quicksand Here, you need a hand, big man? Grab hold of this branch with both hands, man they don't understand I'm just a sick man Now everybody's pissed at me - like it's my fault his name rhymes with so many different words, jeez! So one last time, Mr. Christopher Reeves Won't you break it down for me and just spit the verse, please "Eminem, I'm coming to kill you {*sniffs*}  Always hated you and I still do  You'll never fill my shoes, my Superman costume {*sniffs*}  doesn't even fit you, they don't feel you  You're taking this shit too far {*sniffs*}  Who do you think you are? Hang my suit up in the armoire  Every day I hate you more and more, throw down the cardboard  Let's breakdance if you think you're hardcore" [Eminem] The world is mine! (the world is mine) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: (Eminem f/) Paul Rosenberg Album: Relapse Song: Paul (Skit) Typed by: ÇexyÇy {*in the style of a telephone answering machine message*} [Paul Rosenberg] Em it's Paul, ummm...  I just listened to the entire album... You gotta be fuckin kidding me  I mean with this Christopher Reeves shit?  You know the guy's dead right? And then the whole gay stepfather incest rape thing  I don't have your back on this one  I can't even fuckin' handle it  I'm done {*hangs up*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Eminem Album: Relapse Song: Stay Wide Awake Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Intro: Eminem] Yea, yea (yea) Follow me (follow me) Come with me to the dark side, of the force (force) No man would boldly go, to this place The devil only knows, of this world So dark and oh so cold, it's oh so cold Oh so cold, ohh [Chorus: Eminem] Soon as my flow starts, I compose art like the ghost of Mozart Even though they all say that they're real I know that most aren't Boy you think you're clever, don't ya? Girl you think you're so smart Come with me to another side in a world so cold and so dark (stay wide awake) A world so dark, a world so cold A world where on-ly some will go (stay wide awake) But none return, when will they learn? Where do they go? God only knows (stay wide awake) [Eminem] Fe-fi-fo-fum, I think I smell the scent of a placenta I enter Central Park, it's dark, it's winter in December I see my target, put my car in park and approach her tender Young girl by the name of Brenda and I pretend to befriend her Sit down beside her like a spider; hi there girl, you mighta heard of me before, see whore, you're the kind of girl that I a- -ssault and rape and figure why not try not to make your pussy wider Fuck you with an umbrella then open it up while the shit's inside ya I'm the kinda guy that's mild but I might flip and get a little bit wilder Impregnate a lesbian, yeah now let's see her have triplets and I'll di- -sintegrate them babies as soon as they're out her with formalde- -hyde and cyanide, girl you can try and hide, you can try to scream louder No need for no gunpowder, that only takes all the fun outta murder and I'd rather go vinn-vinn and now you see just how the fuck I do just what I do when I cut right through your scalp, uh Shit wait a minute I mean skull, my knife seems dull, pull another one out, uhh [Eminem] So dark and so cold, my friends don't know this other side of me There's a monster inside of me, it's quite ugly and it fright-ens me But they can't see what I can see, there's a vacancy in my tummy It's makin me play hide-and-seek, like Jason I'm so hungry She's naked see, no privacy but I can see she wants me So patient, see I try to be but gee, why does she taunt me? Pulls the drapes and she goes right to sleep and I creep right through the front see So blatantly but silently cause I know that she's sound sleep "Who's wakin me so violently and why's he on top of me? He's rapin me," she tries to scream, "Somebody please get him off me He's tapin me, he's bitin me, he's laughing like it's funny" She's scrapin me, she's fightin me, she's scratchin like some dumb freak Escapin me, no dice you see, I might just be Ted Bundy or Satan, gee what a sight to see, I'm dancing in my red panties I'm crazy but it's all right with me, man life can be so empty Stay away from me cause I'm dancing to quite a different drumbeat [Eminem] Better try to stay wide awake or you might end up found dead by the lake Soon as you lay me down to sleep it's your soul I'ma try to take Pray for light of day right away, why do they try to fight today? I must make them pay twice as much, might as well put the knife away Now I use power tools, how 'bout now, are you in the shower? Scour you for six hours 'til outage of power outlets How did you figure out I was down in your basement, now ya must've just heard the sound of my stomach growlin from down there Prowler, there's no one fouler; bound ya, that's how they found ya Face down in the tub I drown ya with piles of downers around ya Such nostalgia and power, such prowess, look how ya cower Jump out on you now like I was Jawa from fuckin Star Wars Jabba the Hutt, beddy-bye-bye, beddy-bye-bye, it's time to die-die Oughta not even bother to scream, it don't even matter Amazing when grazing skin with these razor blades he waves at ya Not ya everyday Damien, bathe me in holy water Nothing like Son of Sam so please understand there's no gun in hand Where's the thrill in the hunt, there's no fun in that, here I come with axe Fun to act like lumberjack when I'm hackin 'em up with that What was that? Dial 9-1-1, someone's comin in from the back The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Eminem f/ Dr. Dre Album: Relapse Song: Old Time's Sake Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Intro: Eminem] Good evening, this is your fucking captain speaking We will soon be reaching an altitude of, 4 million-and-a-half feet That's 8 million miles in the sky Please, undo your seatbelt for takeoff {*kchht*} You are now free to smoke about the cabin, cabin, chka [Dr. Dre] I'm Dre from, back in the day from N.W.A. from, black and the gray from Chokin a bitch to, smackin her face from Stackin up bodies to, rackin AK's up From rackin up hits to, stackin them crates up I'm still hungry and I'm back with a tapeworm And we're what's happenin in rap entertainment Me and Shady, far as competition faggot there ain't none [Eminem] Speak of the devil it's attack of the Rainman Chainsaw in hand, bloodstain on my apron Soon as the blade spun, vrunn, they run away from Who wanna play dungeon, no one is safe from In search of a brain surgeon, a great one Wait, it ain't funny man it's urgent, I need one Two boxes of detergent and a paint gun And an emergency squirt gun to spray A-1, so [Chorus: Eminem] One more time for old time's sake Dre drop that beat, and scratch that break Now just blow a little bit of that smoke my way And let's go - you are now smokin with the best, best, chka I said one more time for old time's sake Dre drop that beat, and scratch that break Now just send a little bit of that smoke my way And let's gooo - you are now smokin with the best, best, chka [Eminem] Smoke signal in the sky like Verizon Wireless A nice environment, surprised entirely Hypotized by the sound, I surround the hydrants Takin lives of firemen Say goodbye, here I am again; naked wives and Vicodin Before I begin to get so high pussy bwoy I could spin Vinn, vinn; fuck the handle I fly off the hinge Let that boy off the bench coach and throw it to him There he goes in his trenchcoat, no clothes again Baby make us some french toast and show us some skin I'll show you every inch grows on my fore-a-skin Show me nipple, I'm pinch both and throw up a ten Now you know it's a sin to tease, blow us again The sorcerer of intercourse, if it's forced it's him Don't fight the feelin if you're feelin the force within Then when you wake up in the morning next to the porcelain, so [Dr. Dre] Now where there's smoke there's fire, where there's fire there's flames Where there's flames there's chronic, either you high or you ain't I got no time for no games [Eminem] Nuh-uh, he ain't playin He's gon' get the AK and aim it right at your brai-ain I'm slightly insa-ane, vodka and Creatine Hypnotiq and Red Bull, it's an incredible energy drink And it's "giving me wings," +I Believe I Can Fly+ While I pee on the girl, you won't catch me C.S.I. It's as easy as pie, and as simple as cake Dre get on the mic and make 'em tremble and shake [Dr. Dre] Now put your smoke up in the air, raise your Henny and Coke And if you really wanna get fucked up, just let me know We can smoke 'til there's no more lighter fluid to do it Let's get into it, you're smokin with the tried-est and truest I got the Midas touch when it comes to rollin shit up You motherfuckers ain't smokin, you just holdin shit up Now here we go let's get up, get down, hold up a blunt I smoke the kinda stuff that make the records go number one Cause if at first you don't succeed, won't hurt to smoke some weed Now them words are just a little more personal for me Seein as how, I blew up off of puffin them trees [Eminem] + (Dr. Dre) Well smoke enough for me, fuck yeah, light it up Cheech C'mon, smoke me out cuz, give me contact buzz Get me on track, they love me when I'm on that stuff "But this is Earth calling, Shady man, come on back!" What? "Man we're losin him, he won't even respond back, fuck!" Now look at all the pretty women in here (damn bitches) Dre it's hot, I think we better go check on their temperatures I'll get the thermometer, you get the bandages Now baby just bend over, this won't hurt a damn bit just And give me The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Eminem Album: Relapse Song: Must Be the Ganja Typed by: eckostylez@gmail.com [Intro] Yeah... Oh! Yeah Yeah...Oh.. I feel like dancing, I feel like dancing I smell something in the air that's making me, High! I smell something in the air that's making me, HIGH!! [Verse 1] Ok here we go, Do-re-mi-fa-so-fa-so-la-ti so Lyrical rascal, kick back the tobasco You motherfucker's must just not know the tic-tac-so Time to show you the most kickass flow in the cosmos Picasso with a pickaxe, a sick asshole Tic-tac-toe comes with sixpack, with exact doe Knives, strangling wives with dick-lasso 3 bags of the grass, Zig Zags, I'm with the Doc so You know how that go, skull and the crossbones This is poison to poison girls who do not know You do not wanna try this at home my lil vato This is neither the time nor the place to get macho So crack a six pack, sit back with some nachos Maybe some popcorn, watch the show and just rock slow It's not what you expected, not what you thought so Bout time you wake the fuck up, smell the pot smoke It must be the Ganja, it's the marijuana That's creepin' upon me, why I'm so high Maybe it's the Henny, that has gotten in me Whatever's got into me I don't mind I said it's the Ganja, it's the marijuana That's creepin' upon me, why I'm so high Maybe it's the Henny, that has gotten in me Whatever's got into me I don't mind [Verse 2] Your dreams are getting fulfilled, Ooh I'm literally getting a chill Spitting at will, me and Dre have just finished splitting a pill You're submitting to skill, sitting still I'm admitting I'm beginning to feel like I don't think anyone's real Faced with a dilemma, I can be Dalai Lama And be calmer, bring drama a step beyond a Jeffrey Dahmer Please don't upset me mama, you're looking sexy mama Don't know if it's the lala, or the rum and Pepsi mama Don't wanna end up inside my refrigerator freezer Be used as extra topping, then next time I make a pizza How many people you know that can name every serial killer Who ever existed in a row, put them in chronological order Beginning with Jack the Ripper Name the time and place from the body, the bag, the zipper Location of the woods where the body was dragged and then dumped The trunk that they was stuffed in, the model, the make, the plate And which model, which state they found her and how they attacked the victim Say what murder weapon was used to do what on which one Which knife and which gun, what kid, what wife and which nun Don't stop, I like this it's fun, the fucking night's just begun [Verse 3] When I'm behind the mic, dynamite's what it's kinda like You're stuck with the same stick that you're trying to light Behind the boards, it's Dre, legends are made this way Isn't it safe to say, this is the way it should be? Maybe you need some lyric syrup serum for your symptoms Here's a dosage of the antidote, now you give him some He can give her some, she can give them some Get behind a lint drum, make up a beat and kill the sucker syndrome The spinning drum when it comes to lyrics and penning some Starting from scratch and then ending up at the ending of Capable of winning her, bullets are, so unbelievable its a Titanium cranium that's full of surprises When the smoke rises, right before your very own eyes You stare into your stereos (high) Good evening, this isn't even a weed thing I ain't even smoke anything, I ain't even drinking The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Eminem Album: Relapse Song: Deja Vu Typed by: zimbabweed@hotmail.com [Male Medic] DMC, we have a mid-30's male found down, unresponsive Possible overdose, substance unknown. Pulse is 60 and thready Respiration's 8. He's intubated, and we're baggin' him now Uhh, BP: 90 over palp. Patient is cool, pale, and diuretic Has aspirated. Uhh, GSC is 3. We'll update en route. ETA: 10 minutes [Eminem] As I, fall deeper into a manic state I'm a prime candidate for the gene to receive the drug addict traits Blood pressure climbs at a dramatic rate I seem to gravitate to the bottle of NyQuil then I salivate Start off with the night well like "I think I'll just have a taste" Couple of sips of that, then I gradually graduate To a harder prescription drug called Valium like "Ya that's great" I go to just take one and I end up like having eight Now I need something in my stomach cause I haven't ate Maybe I'll grab a plate of nachos and I'll have a steak And you'd think that with all I have at stake, look at my daughter's face "Mommy something is wrong with dad I think He's acting weird again he's really beginning to scare me Won't shave his beard again and he pretends he doesn't hear me And all he does is eat Doritos and Cheetos And he just fell asleep in his car eating Three Musketeers in the rear seat" Sometimes I feel so alone, I just don't know, feels like I been down this road before So lonely and cold, it's like something takes over me as soon as I go home and close the door Kinda feels like déjà vu, I wanna get away from this place I do But I can't, and I won't, say I try, but I know, that's a lie cause I don't, and why I just don't know [Eminem] Maybe just a nice cold brew "What's a beer?" That's the devil in my ear I been sober a fuckin year And that fucker still talks to me he's all I can fuckin hear "Marshall come on we'll watch the game, it's the Cowboys and Buccaneers" And maybe if I just drink half, I'll be half buzzed for half of the time Who's the mastermind behind that little line? With that kind of rationale man I got half a mind To have another half of glass of wine, sound asinine Yeah I know, but I never had no problem with alcohol Ouch look out for the wall, aim for the couch I'm 'bout to fall I missed the couch and down I go looking like a bouncy ball Shit must've knocked me out, cause I ain't feel the ground at all Wow, what the fuck happened last night, where am I? Man, fuck am I hungover and God damn I Got a headache, shit half a Vicodin, why can't I? "All systems ready for take off please stand by" [Eminem] So I take a Vicodin splash it hits my stomach then ahh Couple of weeks go by it ain't even like I'm getting high Now I need it just not to feel sick, ya I'm getting by Wouldn't even be taking this shit if DeShaun didn't die Oh yeah, there's an excuse, you lose Proof so you use There's new rules, it's cool if it's helpin you to get through It's twelve noon, ain't no harm in self inducing a snooze What else is new? Fuck it what would Elvis do in your shoes? Now here I am three months later, full blown re-lapse "Just get high until the kids get home from school homes relax" And since I'm, convinced that I'm an insom-niac I need these pills to be able to sleep so I take three naps Just to be able to function throughout the day, let's see That's an Ambien each nap, how many Valium, three? And that will average out to about one good hour's, sleep Ok so now ya, see, the reason how come, he Has taken four years to just put out an album, B See me and you we almost had the same outcome, Heath Cause that Christmas you know the whole pneumonia, thing It was bologna was it the methadone ya, think Or the hydrocordone, you hide inside your pornos Your VCR tape cases, with you Ambien CR, great paces to hide 'em ain't it So you can lie to Hailie, "I'm going beddy bye Whitney baby good night Alaina" Go in the room and shut the bedroom door, and wake up in an ambulance They said they found me on the bathroom floor, damn The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Eminem Album: Relapse Song: Beautiful Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Intro: sample] Lately I've been hard to reach, I've been too long on my own Everybody has a private world where they can be, alone Are you calling me? Are you trying to get through? Are you reaching out for me? I'm reaching out, for you [Eminem] I'm just so fuckin depressed I just can't seem to get out this slump If I could just get over this hump but I need somethin to pull me out this dump I took my bruises, took my lumps, fell down and I got right back up But I need that spark to get psyched back up in order for me to pick the mic back up I don't know how or, why or when I ended up in this position I'm in I'm startin to feel distant again so I decided just to pick this pen up and try to make an attempt to vent but I just can't admit Or come to grips with the fact that I may be done with rap, I need a new outlet And I know some shit's so hard to swallow, but I just can't sit back and wallow in my own sorrow, but I know one fact I'll be one tough act to follow One tough act to follow, I'll be one tough act to follow Here today, gone tomorrow, but you'd have to walk a thousand miles [Chorus: Eminem] In my shoes, just to see, what it's like, to be me I'll be you, let's trade shoes, just to see what it'd be like to feel your pain, you feel mine, go inside each other's minds Just to see, what we find, look at shit through each other's eyes But don't let 'em say you ain't beautifulllll, oh-ohh They can all get fucked, just stay true to youuuuuu, so-ohh-oh! Don't let 'em say you ain't beautifulllll, oh-ohh They can all get fucked, just stay true to youuuuuu, so-ohh-oh! [Eminem] Yeah I think I'm startin to lose my sense of humor, everything's so tense and gloom I almost feel like I gotta check the temperature of the room just as soon as I walk in it's like all eyes on me, so I try to avoid any eye contact Cause if I do that then it opens a door for conversation, like I want that I'm not lookin for extra attention, I just wanna be just like you Blend in with the rest of the room, maybe just point me to the closest restroom I don't need no fuckin man-servant tryin to follow me around and wipe my ass Laugh at every single joke I crack and half of 'em ain't even funny like "HA! Marshall you're so funny man, you should be a comedian, goddamn!" Unfortunately I am, I just hide behind the tears of a clown So why don't you all sit down? Listen to the tale I'm about to tell Hell, we don't gotta trade our shoes, and you ain't gotta walk no thousand miles [Eminem] Nobody asked for life to deal us with these bullshit hands we're dealt We gotta take these cards ourselves and flip 'em, don't expect no help Now I could've either just sat on my ass and pissed and moaned Or take this situation in which I'm placed in and get up and get my own! I was never the type of kid to wait by the door and pack his bags And sat on the porch and hoped and prayed for a dad to show up who never did I just wanted to fit in in every single place, every school I went I dreamed of bein that cool kid, even if it meant actin stupid Aunt Edna always told me, "Keep makin that face it'll get stuck like that" Meanwhile I'm just standin there holdin my tongue tryin to talk like this 'Til I stuck my tongue on that frozen stop sign pole at 8 years old I learned my lesson then cause I wasn't tryin to impress my friends no mo' But I already told you my whole life story, not just based on my description Cause where you see it from where you're sittin is probably 110% different I guess we would have to walk a mile in each other's shoes at least What size you wear? I wear 10's, let's see if you can fit your feet [sample] + (Eminem) Lately I've been hard to reach, I've been too long on my own (oh-ohh) Everybody has a private world where they can be, alone (so-ohh-oh!) Are you calling me? Are you trying to get through? (oh-ohh) Are you reaching out for me? I'm reaching out, for you (so-ohh-oh!) [Outro: Eminem - echoing] Yeah, to my babies, stay strong Daddy'll be home soon And to the rest of the world God gave you them shoes, to fit you So put 'em on and wear 'em Be yourself man, be proud of who you are Even if it sounds corny Never let no one tell you, you ain't beautiful So-ohh-oh! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Eminem f/ 50 Cent, Dr. Dre Album: Relapse Song: Crack a Bottle Typed by: bro0klyn@hotmail.com [Intro-Eminem] Ladies and gentlemen The moment you've all been waiting for In this corner, weighing 175 pounds With a record of 17 rapes, 400 assaults, and 4 murders The undisputed, most diabolic villain in the world Slim Shady [Chorus-Eminem] So crack a bottle, let your body waddle Don't act like a snobby model, you just hit the lotto O oh o oh, bitch's hopping in my tahoe Got one riding shotgun and no not one of them got gloves Now where's the rubbers, Whose got the rubbers I noticed there's so many of them  And there's really not that many of us And ladies love us and my posse's kicking up dust It's on till the break of dawn and we're starting this party from dusk [Verse 1-Eminem] Ok, let's go Back when Andre, the giant, mister elephant tusk Fix your must, you'll just be another one bit the dust Just one up my mothers son who got thrown under the bus Kiss my butt, lick from under cheese from under my nuts It disgusts me to see the game the way that it looks Its a must I redeem my name and haters get mushed Bitch's lust, man they love me when I lay in the cut Fist the cut, the lady give her eighty some paper cut Now picture us, its ridiculous you curse at the thought Cause when I spit the verse the shit gets worse then Worcestershire sauce If I could fit the words as picture perfect, works every time Every verse, every line, as simple as nursery rhymes Its elementary, the elephants have entered the room I venture to say with the center of attention it's true Not to mention back with a vengeance so here's the signal Of the bat symbol, the platinum trio's back on you hoes So crack a bottle, let your body waddle Don't act like a snobby model you just hit the lotto O oh o oh, bitch's hopping in my tahoe Got one riding shotgun and no not one of them got gloves Now where's the rubbers, Whose got the rubbers I noticed there's so many of them  And there's really not that many of us Ladies love us and my posse's kicking up dust It's on till the break of dawn and we're starting this party from dusk [Eminem] Ladies and gentlemen, Dr. Dre [Verse 2-Dr Dre] They see that low rider go by there, like Oh my You ain't got to tell me why you're sick cause I know why I dip through in that six trey like sick ‘em Dre I'm an itch that they cant scratch, they're sick of me But hey, what else can I say, I love LA Cause over and above all, its just another day And this one begins where the last one ends Pick up where we left off and get smashed again I'll be dammed, just fucked around and crashed my Benz Driving around with a smashed front end Lets cash that one in Grab another one from out the stable The Monte Carlo, Elcamino or the Eldorado The hell if I know, do I want leather seats or vinyl Decisions, decision, garage looks like precision collision Or maico beats quake like Waco Just keep the bass low speakers away from your face though [Chorus-Eminem] So crack a bottle, let your body waddle Don't act like a snobby model you just hit the lotto O oh o oh, bitch's hopping in my tahoe Got one riding shotgun and no not one of them got gloves Now where's the rubbers, Whose got the rubbers I noticed there's so many of them  And there's really not that many of us Ladies love us and my posse's kicking up dust It's on till the break of dawn and we're starting this party from dusk [Eminem] And I take great pleasure in introducing, 50 Cent [Verse 3-50 Cent] It's bottle after bottle The money ain't a thang when you party with me Its what we into, its simple We ball out of control like you wouldn't believe I'm the napalm, the bomb, the don, i'm King Kong Get rolled, on wrapped up, and reigned on I'm so calm, through Vietnam, ring the alarm Bring the shaun dawn, burn marijuana, do what you want Nigga on and on, till the break of what Get the paper man, I'm caking, you know i don't give a fuck I spend it like it don't mean nothing Blow it like its supposed to be blown Motherfucker i'm grown I stunt, I style, I flash the shit I gets what the fuck i want so what I trick Fat ass burgundy bags classy shit, Jimmy Cho shoes I say move a bitch move [Chorus-Eminem] So crack a bottle, let your body waddle Don't act like a snobby model you just hit the lotto O oh o oh, bitch's hopping in my tahoe Got one riding shotgun and no not one of them got gloves Now where's the rubbers, Whose got the rubbers I noticed there's so many of them  And there's really not that many of us Ladies love us and my posse's kicking up dust It's on till the break of dawn and we're starting this party from dusk The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Eminem Album: Relapse Song: Underground/Ken Kaniff Typed by: martijnlinde@hotmail.com [Eminem - Intro] A lot of people ask me Where the fuck I've been at the last few years Shit I don't know But I do know, I'm back now HAHA Here comes the rain and thunder now Nowhere to run, to run to now I've disappeared, don't wonder how Looking for me I'm underground Here comes the rain and thunder now Nowhere to run, to run to now I've disappeared, don't wonder how Looking for me I'm underground [Eminem - Verse 1] Dre I'm down here, under the ground dig me up Broken tibias fibias, yeah fix me up Sixty sluts all of 'em dying from asphyxia After they sip piss through a Christopher Reeves sippy cup dixy cups toxins boxes of oxy pads enough Oxycontin to send a fucking ox to rehab wack job in the back with a black stocking cap jacking off to a hockey mask at a boxing match [you can't say that] yes he can I just did faggot now guess again better text message your next of kin tell him shits about to get extra messy especially when I flex again and throw a fucking lesbian in wet cement So faggoty faggoty faggoty raggedy Ann and Andy NO raggedy Andy and Andy no it can't be, it can't be Yes it can be the fucking anti christ is back Danny its Satan in black satin panties this is Amityville calamity got damnit insanity pills fanny pack filled with Xanax through every nook and cranny lookin for trannys milk and cookies spilt on my silk negligee looky  Razor balades wit me to make you bleed cases of Maybeline make up lay on the table of weed slim shady shit sounds like a fable to me until he jumps out the fucking toilet when you're taking a pee Here comes the rain and thunder now Nowhere to run, to run to now I've disappeared, don't wonder how Looking for me I'm underground Here comes the rain and thunder now Nowhere to run, to run to now I've disappeared, don't wonder how Looking for me I'm underground [Eminem - Verse 2] Six semen samples Seventeen strands of hair Found in the back of a van after the shoot at Vanity Fair Hannah Montana prepare to elope with a can opener And be cut open like cantaloupe with canopy beds With glad bags, yeah glad to be back 'Cause last year was a tragedy that landed me smack dab in rehab Fucking doctor I didn't understand a damn what he said I planned to relapse the second I walked out of that bitch Two weeks in Brighton, I aint enlighten Bitin' into a fucking Vicodin like I 'am viking Oh, lightning strike it might be a fucking sign I need a psychic Evaluation, fuck Jason it's Friday the nineteenth That means it's just a regular day And this is the kind of shit I think of regularly Fucking Lesbians shouldn't of had her legs in the way Now she's pregnant and gay Missing both legs and begging to stay Here comes the rain and thunder now Nowhere to run, to run to now I've disappeared, don't wonder how Looking for me I'm underground Here comes the rain and thunder now Nowhere to run, to run to now I've disappeared, don't wonder how Looking for me I'm underground [Eminem – Verse 3] Tell the critics I'm back and I'm coming To spit back an abundance Hit a fag with onions Then split a bag of Funions Mad at me understandable Cannibal shooting animal Out of a cannon and have him catapult at an adult Captain of a cult with an elite following To turn Halloween back to a Trick of Treat holiday Have Michael Myers looking like a liar Swipe his powers replace his knife with flowers and a stack of flyers Hit Jason Voorhees with a forty      Stuck a suppository up his ass And made him tell me a story Gave Hannibal Lecter a fucking nectarine And sat him in the fucking fruit and vegetable section and gave him a lecture Walked up elm street with a fucking whiffle bat drew Fought Freddy Krueger and Edward Scissorhands too And came out with a little scratch oww Looking like I got into a fucking pillow fight with a triple fat goose INSANITY CAN IT BE VANITY, WHERES THE HUMANITY  IN HAVIN A TWIST OF FANTASY WITH A ARM AN LEG AMPUTEE straight jacket with 108 brackets and a strap the wraps twice around my back then they latch it cut ya fuckin head off and ask where you headed off to? get it headed off too? medic this headaches awful this anesthetic's pathetic so is this diabetic waffle  and this prosthetic arm keeps crushin my hard taco The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Eminem f/ Dr. Dre Album: Relapse Song: My Darling (iTunes Bonus) Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com [Eminem] {*yawns*} Yeah, look If I would've rap about the crap that's out, that's the route you probably want me to take cause you're just dyin to know what I think Here my take on some other rappers If I was to say somethin about Paul Wall you'd probably crap in your pants Cause I'm white and he's white, so he's like my competition I mean, right? Nope Paul Wall is dope, and so is Bubba, so {*blblblbl, pbbbbt*} B-b-b-b-b-b, but I don't compete with nobody I just go hard, do the rope-a-dope Ali shuffle And dance around my opponents, do donuts Sometimes I play possum, like I'm asleep it's awesome I'm like a sleepin giant and when I awake I'm like Dre I just jump from outta nowhere and bite break And sink my teeth in 'em and fill 'em, full of poison And make a noise like a snake before I kill 'em And let 'em know that I just don't feel 'em And smack 'em with the backwards E on the Eminem emblem I was taught if you gonna murder somebody you should face 'em Tell 'em why, look 'em dead in the eye, then waste 'em And the dark shall emerge from the fiery depths of hell Then swallow the shell, all the hollow who dwell in the shadows of all who are willing to sell their souls For this rap game and it g–g-goes One-two-three, chk-chk one-two-three Chk-chk one-two-three, that ain't the hook, now follow me There's nothing else for me to say, my public adores me Everybody bores me, they're just so corny So at night before I sleep, I look in the mirror The mirror grows lips and it whispers "Come nearer" [Chorus: Eminem] My darling, I don't ever want you to leave, you're my darling You and me were meant to be together my darling And if I cannot have you no one can, you're my darling Cause I possess your soul, your mind, your heart and your body I don't ever want you to leave, you're my darling You and me were meant to be together my darling And if I cannot have you no one can, you're my darling Cause I possess your soul, your mind, your heart and your body [Eminem] + (devil) (Shady, I know you're in there somewhere, come here  Talk to me, sit, here, pull up a chair  Why don't you cut your hair? {*laughs*}  Dye it back, c'mon try it) AHHHH! No I told you leave me the fuck alone, will you?! (But I'm here to rebuild you) But I already killed you! (But Shady, we were meant for each other  Think about your mother) Yeah, so what of her? (You think about what she did to you and your little brother  All them foster homes) FUCK YOU MOTHERFUCKER! I had you beat! (No, I was playin possum  Remember? I let you watch your little girls blossom  I gave you enough time, your soul's mine  I'm takin it back!) You fuckin bitch, WHY?! (Because I love you, look a little closer  Isn't that us on that poster? Hahaha!) [Eminem] + (devil) (Shady, listen – "SHADY!" - you hear that?  They're screamin for you, I can bring your career back) But I don't want it back (Yes you do) no I don't (Yes you do, you're gonna regret it later) No I won't (I'ma get Dre on the phone, I'll just call the Doctor) Go ahead, I already talked to, Dre yesterday (Well I got him on the phone right now) [Dr. Dre] + (Eminem) Slim (you're lyin) yo Slim! (How, why now?) (Whattup Dre?) Check this out Slim, I gotta talk to you I don't know, it just seems like ever since you got off your drugs you became a lot softer (But Dre, all Shady is is a bottle of hair bleach and vodka) Well, just think about it Slim, I'm here Just hit me back and let me know what's up (FUCK THIS MIRROR!) {*glass breaks*} [Eminem] + (devil) AHHH! (I'm not in the mirror, I'm inside you  Let me guide you) FUCK YOU, DIE YOU SON-OF-A-BITCH! {*gun cocks*} (Put the gun down) Bye-bye! {*blam*} Okay, I'm still alive (so am I too!  You can't kill a spirit even if you tried to  Ha ha, you sold your soul to me, need I remind you?  You remember that night you  prayed to God you'd give anything to get a record deal, well Dre signed you  This is what you wanted your whole life Marshall, right? Ooh  Look at this house, look at these cars, they're so nice, woo!  Oh, but you didn't know fame has a price to?  That you just now seein the downside too?  Lose your best friend from high school, your wife too  Ain't even sure if your kids like you?  Come off tour, can't even sleep at night without NyQuil  Think I'm a Valium addict, start a rehab cycle  But together we can break the cycle  Marshall) WHAT?! (No one's gonna love you like I do) [Eminem] I said I don't ever want you to leave, you're my darling You and me were meant to be together my darling And if I cannot have you no one can, you're my darling Cause I possess your soul, your mind, your heart and your body {*echoes*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Eminem Album: Relapse Song: Careful What You Wish For (iTunes Bonus) Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com [numerous news reports] "Breaking news, Detroit rapper Eminem cancels his sold-out European tour  to check himself into rehab, after admitting an addiction  to sleep medication. We'll have more on this story as it develops." "Shady Records recording artist Obie Trice has apparently  survived a gunshot to the head, in what appears to be  a random drive-by shooting. Meanwhile, Eminem is rumored to be...  alienated... on again/off again relationship with..." "This just in, a tour bus involving Eminem's bus..." "Updating a story we brought you earlier about gunfire  at an after-hours club we've learned that the rapper Proof  has been fatally shot." "Shady/Aftermath recording artist..." "Long-time best friend of Eminem, and a member of the rap group D12." "D12 back in the news again today..." "Is it a sabbatical or the end? The rumors and speculation  continue to swirl around Eminem. He insists he's just taking a break  but doubters believe he's retiring, leaving us all to ask,  'Will the real Slim Shady please stand up?'" [Eminem] So this is it, this is what I wished for Just isn't how I envisioned it, fame to the point of imprisonment I just thought the shit'd be different But somethin changed the minute that I got a whiff of it I started to inhale it, smell it, started sniffin it And it became my cocaine, I just couldn't quit I just wanted a little bit Then it turned me to a monster, I became a hypocrite Concert after concert, I was rakin in the dough, rollin in green Had the game hemmed up, like a sewing machine But I was losin my freedom, there was nowhere for me to not go and be seen, and just go and be me And there was no in-between You either loved it or hate it, every CD critics gave it a 3 then three, years later they go back and re-rate it Then called "The Slim Shady LP" the greatest "The Marshall Mathers" was a classic, "The Eminem Show" was fantastic But "Encore" just didn't have the caliber to match it I guess enough time just ain't passed yet A couple more years that shit'll be "Illmatic" And eight years later I'm still at it Divorced, re-married, a felon, a father, sleepin pill addict And this is real talk, I feel like The Incredible Hulk My back has been broke and I can still walk [Chorus: Eminem] So be careful what you wish forrrr Cause you just might get it, and if you get it then you just might not knowwww what to do wit it Cause it might just come back on you ten-folllld I said be careful what you wish forrrr Cause you just might get it, and if you get it then you just might not knowwww what to do wit it Cause it might just come back on you ten-folllld [Eminem] I got a letter from a fan that said, he's been prayin for me Every day and for some reason it's been weighin on my mind heavy Cause I don't read every, letter I get But somethin told me to go ahead and open it But, why would someone pray for you when they don't know you? You didn't pray for me when I was local And as I lay these vocals, I think of all the shit I had to go through Just to get to where I'm at, I've already told you at least, a thousand times in these rhymes I appreciate the prayer but I've already got, God on my side And it's been one hell of a ride, hasn't it? Just watchin it from a opposite standpoint, man boy's got to look nuts, and that's the only word I can think of right now on how, to describe the shit This is like a vibe you get, go ahead and bop to it Just watch what you wish for cause I got the shit The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Eminem f/ Drake, Kanye West, Lil Wayne Album: Relapse: Refill/More Than a Game Soundtrack Song: Forever Typed by: rndboi92@yahoo.com   [Hook: Drake] It may not mean nothin to y'all But understand nothin was done for me So I don't plan on stoppin at all I want this shit forever mayne, (ever mayne, ever mayne) I'm shuttin shit down in the mall And tellin every girl she the one for me And I ain't even plannin to call I want this shit forever mayne, (ever mayne, ever mayne)   [Drake] Last name ever, first name greatest Like a sprained ankle boy, I ain't nothin to play wit Started off local but thanks to all the haters I know G-4 pilots on a first name basis Any city faded off the brown, +Nino+ She insist she got more class, we know Swimmin in the money, come and find me, +Nemo+ If I was at the club you know I ball, chemo Dropped the mixtape, that shit sounded like a album Who'd a thought a country wide tour be the outcome Labels want my name beside a X like +Malcolm+ Everybody gotta deal, I did it without one Yeah, nigga I'm about my business Killin all these rappers, you would swear I had a hitlist Everyone who doubted me is askin for forgiveness If you ain't been a part of it, at least you got to witness Bitches   [Hook: Drake] It may not mean nothin to y'all But understand nothin was done for me So I don't plan on stoppin at all I want this shit forever mayne, (ever mayne, ever mayne) I'm shuttin shit down in the mall And tellin every girl she the one for me And I ain't even plannin to call I want this shit forever mayne, (ever mayne, ever mayne)   [Kanye West] I used to have hood dreams, big fame. big chains I stuck my dick inside this life until that bitch came And went hard all fall like the ball teams Just so I can make it rain, offspring Y'all seen my story, my glory Y'all had raped the game young, you can call it statutory When a nigga blow up they gon build statues for me Old money, Benjamin Button (what?) nothin man Now super bad chicks givin me +McLovin+ You would think I ran the world like Michelle's husband You would think these niggas know me when they really doesn't Like they was down with the old me, no you fuckin wasn't Um, your'e such a fuckin loser He ain't even go to class, +Bueller+ Trade the grammy plaques, just to have my granny back 'member she had that bad hip like a fanny pack Chasin the stardom will turn you to a maniac All the way in hollywood and I can't even act They pull the cameras out, and God damn he snap I used to want this thing forever, you can have it back   [Hook: Drake] It may not mean nothin to y'all But understand nothin was done for me So I don't plan on stoppin at all I want this shit forever mayne, (ever mayne, ever mayne) I'm shuttin shit down in the mall And tellin every girl she the one for me And I ain't even plannin to call I want this shit forever mayne, (ever mayne, ever mayne)   [Lil Wayne] Okay, hello its the martian, Space Jam jordans I want this shit forever, wake up and smell the garden Fresher than the harvest, step up to the target If I had one guess then I guess I'm just New Orleans And I will never stop like I'm runnin from the cops Hop up in my car and told my chaffuer "to the top" Life is such a fuckin roller coaster then it drops But what should I scream for? this is my theme park My mind shine even when my thoughts seem dark Pistol on my side, you don't wanna hear that thing talk Let the king talk, check the price and pay attention Lil Wayne, that's what they gotta say or mention I'm like Nevada in the middle of the summer I'm restin in the lead, I need a pillow and a tucker My foots sleepin on the gas No brake pads, no such thing as last, uh   [Hook: Drake] It may not mean nothin to y'all But understand nothin was done for me So I don't plan on stoppin at all I want this shit forever mayne, (ever mayne, ever mayne) I'm shuttin shit down in the mall And tellin every girl she the one for me And I ain't even plannin to call I want this shit forever mayne, (ever mayne, ever mayne)   [Eminem] There they go Packin stadiums as Shady spits his flow Nuts they go Macadamian, they go so ballistic, whoa He can make them look like bozo's He's wonderin if he should spit this slow FUCK NO, go for broke This cup just runneth over, almost He ain't had a reproach like this Since the last time that he overdosed They been waitin patiently for Pinnochio to poke his nose Back into the game and they kno Rap will never be same as before Bashin in the brains of these hoes And establishin the name as he goes The passion in the flame is ignited You can't put it out once we light it This shit is exactly what the fuck That im talkin about when we riot You dealin wit a few true villains Who stand inside of a booth, truth spillin And spit true feelins until our truth feelins Come flyin up outta our mouth, now rewind it Pay back motherfucker for the way that you got at me, how's it taste?  When I slap the taste outta ya mouth Wit the bass so loud that it shakes the place I'm Hannibal Lector so just in case you're thinkin of saving face You ain't gon have no face to save by the time I'm thru with this place, so Drake   [Hook: Drake] It may not mean nothin to y'all But understand nothin was done for me So I don't plan on stoppin at all I want this shit forever mayne, (ever mayne, ever mayne) I'm shuttin shit down in the mall And tellin every girl she the one for me And I ain't even plannin to call I want this shit forever mayne, (ever mayne, ever mayne) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Eminem f/ Dr. Dre, Nikki Grier Album: Relapse: Refill Song: Hell Breaks Loose Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Eminem] I want you, to understand somethin That when I come up in this bitch I want the fans jumpin I want their fists pumpin in the air, I don't look like a millionaire But I feel like a million bucks; ladies won't ya fill your cups Shady's come to feel ya up, are you a D or a C cup? You could even be a B, it's just me and D-R-E You'll be in the E.R., we are strapped with so much T.N.T. We may blow, no not even C.P.R. from the E.M.T.'s could help you to resuscitate, you busters must be flustered, wait You can't cut the mustard, what's your problem? Can't you bust a grape? {*chka-chk-chk*} What's my name? Shady came and just crushed the game It's really not even fair to them, cause they pale in comparison So much they might as well wear his skin, don't ya wish you could just share his pen? Cause this shit's gettin embarrassin, the fog is thick and the air is thin Cause he won't even let them try to breathe, la-didi-da-da-da-didi He makes it look so easy, girl you just hit the lottery [Chorus: Eminem + Nikki Grier] Now this would be the part of the song that they drop the needle on and hell, breaks, loose Try to restrain us you can't contain us, we're still gonna make a stink no matter what, we, do Everywhere we go it seems we're lookin for any excuse to just, cut, loose So this would be the part of the song that they drop the needle on and hell, breaks, loose [Dr. Dre] + (Eminem) This is when shit hits the fan, like it just splattered on Stan This is the only moment that matters; your homie rolled in with Mathers Now chaos erupts, Em's in back, Dre's in the front So do what we say at once, this song's like a séance, it haunts (It makes 'em stay in a trance, no choice, they have to dance) It's like the playoffs, just makin sure that we stay in the hunt Take a day off for what? Man you better lay off the blunts You must be smokin somethin you think I ain't smokin nothin, stay off my nuts Now hit the flo' baby, time to wipe away all the rust Shake all them cobwebs loose, loosen up with a little bit of Grey Goose Yeah girl shake that caboose, I don't wanna see you try to make no excuse D-R-E is on the loose, a mongoose when it comes to the chronic use You know I can't stand to lose, me and my goons are like animals We come through like a pack of wolves, and we came here to retract the roof Yeah man ain't that the truth, girl your man's back in the booth Definitely back up in this bitch, and this is when all hell breaks loose [Eminem] Now I know you're feelin discouraged but homie just mark my words I'm mur-durin the flow, liquid courage I'm finna blow As soon as we hit the do' power surges head to toe I'm sure to push it as far as words are meant to go We're in the indigo Winnebago with tinted windows Ferocious as we proceed to beat up the block wit yo' hoe With speakers knockin it's 3 o'clock Me and Doc then proceed to drop E and hop out the vehicle and knock on your do' [Dr. Dre] Yeah, so let us in 'fore we huff and puff and we blow We ain't bluffin for nothin, we'll knock the stuffin out you Revenge is so sweet, move 'til you injure your feet Yeah, move it or lose it freak, groove to the beat, +Lose Yourself+ indubitably Pass up on that little cute chick right there? That'd be pretty damn stupid of me Born and raised in the CPT, yeah Los Angeles, cruisin the streets Them haters hatin on me, but I refuse to lose any sleep Keep that deuce-deuce on the seat, Dre fall off? That's news to me The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Eminem Album: Relapse: Refill Song: Buffalo Bill Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Intro: woman screaming] AHHHHH! {*dog barking*} You sick bastard, let me go! AHHH! {*sewing machine hums*} Somebody please! Help! I don't wanna die! Please help me! (It fits, perfect) [Eminem] Better watch out, sucka now I gotcha where I want ya Onslaught, comin and I'm packin in my lunch a bunch of, missile launchers and a bunch of contra- -ban, van full of ganja, now come on jump Man stop, moshin Marshall, oh my God you're doin the Cha-Cha and the Cucaracha with a quadra- -plegic, boogeyin down to Frank Sinatra Lindsay to the Lohan naked while you let me watch ya Who'da knew da Buddha'd do to me what it's done Such cynicism when there's ism in my system Blunt hypnotism, lift a spliff up to my lips son So much on my hands I got to give my kids a fist bump Christo-pher Reeves swimmin in my swim trunks "Mister, help me" is what he said to me and then sunk Women skinning and then cutting them up in chunks In comes, the woman with cocoa butter skin once [Chorus: Eminem] Once again they call me Buffalo Bill Buffalo Bill, Buffa-Buffalo Bill Skin 'em up, hem 'em, sew 'em up in those kilts Up in those kilts, up-a-up in those kilts Man you don't want to go up in those hills Up in those hills, up-a-up in those hills You better beware, stay clear of Buffalo Bill Buffalo Bill, Buffa-Buffalo Bill [Eminem] Always, you can see him lurkin in the hallways Carcasses of Caucasian females in his crawl space How the hell did he fit 'em all into such a small place? Hide them in the wall, well how long will the drywall take? Well fuck it then I got nothing but time, I'll wait Until it dries for the moment I guess you're all safe After I sand it and buff it I guess that I'll paint My chainsaw's out of gas, my regular saw ain't Now here I come again, damn stomach rumblin You can even hear the evil spirits comin from within Someone's in, the back of my damn house rummagin It's a girl, she looks pretty thin, but I want her skin Vrrnn, on the hunt again; when, will it ever end? Evelyn, why you tryin to fight? You will never win Severin, legs, arms, damn there goes another limb Pull the lever then, trap door, death is evident [Eminem] Now what you know about Buffalo Bill? Nothin so chill Fuckin hoe, you better fuckin hold still Make sure none of that, lotion in the bucket don't spill Cut 'em, gut 'em and just get to stuffin those girls Man I think she had enough of those pills Sedate her then I wait, I'll come back later just to clutch on those steel blades, baby when I cut ya don't squeal I hate the loud noises, I fuckin told you! I keep hearin voices, like wouldn't ya like to go and get your butcher knife and push it right through her while you push ya shish-kabob skewers into her? Barbecue her? Would ya do to her what you usually do to a girl whose skin's newer? {*as Yoda*} "In a world of sin you are, this is turning into a torment tournament of sorts, Christmas ornament you are!" I'll be sure to Ginsu ya 'til there's no more skin to ya Boo-yah, who ya think you're fuckin with? Duck because here he comes again The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Eminem Album: Relapse: Refill Song: Elevator Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  {*ding*} [Intro: Eminem] All aboard! Okay Next stop, my basement, ha ha I'll meet you down there! [Chorus: Eminem] There once was a saying that, I used to say back in the day when, I met Dre I used to sit and goof on the phone with, my friend Proof that if I went gold, I'd go right through the roof He said "What if you went platinum?" I'll just laugh at him "That's, not happenin, that I can't fathom" 80-some million records worldwide later I'm living, in a house with a fuckin elevator [Eminem] Haters gettin mad, they done had enough of Shady You slay me, nothin you say matters enough to touché me Rappers try to play me, they use Hailie as a ukulele Whoops-a-that-a fuckin daisy That's a no-no, even she knows Dada's fuckin crazy Fuckin animal, cuckoo, bananas, fuckin ape-y Maybe it's because I never had a mother raise me Fuck around and throw a baby at another baby {*wahhh*} You may think it's cause of the way that I was brought up But it's all caught up to me now, karma's in the waters Every line I ever said has got me in a corner You might think it doesn't creep up on ya but it all does You wouldn't listen man, I tried to warn you when you started Now your brain's all haunted cause of all the shit you thought of Chainsaw slaughters turn your daughters into sawdust I never thought it'd come to this, I oughta just be honest but [Eminem] Sorry Lance, Mr. Lambert and Aiken ain't gonna make it They get, so mad when I call 'em both fa-ggots All these fuckin voices in my head, I can't take it {*wahhh*} Someone shut that fuckin baby up 'fore I shake it! You're standin adjacent to Jason slash Leatherface and together makes 'em, a fuckin bad combination I lashed at the doctor in my last operation Shoved the weinerschnitzel up his ass, hopped away some- -body please stop the patient, get the cops to mace him Homie I'm the schizer! Ask Dr. Dre son I can't leave the game, I just can't walk away son No, not-a now, not a chance, not today son I can't believe I'll leave for one brief second And you pussies queef all over the rap game nekkid And use a leaf to wipe up the crap stains, feck it I'll just keep saying the same exact saying, check it [Eminem] Elevator in my house, ha! I'll smell ya later I blew the fuck up, a hamster in the microwave I'm thinkin 'bout an escalator now, steps I hate 'em Told the neighbors step away then I just pepper sprayed him Yeah, for every time you ride down the street Or hide out, drive by my house and beep Like now motherfucker, try now to sleep Lie down fucker, baa, try countin sheep! And you're tryin to find out why now there's beef Mace in your face bitch, cry now pussy This is my house, all nine thousand feet So you can suck my dick with Amy Winehouse's teeth! Then I shove 'em in the elevator, take 'em to the stop Stand above 'em just to cut the fuckin cable, let 'em drop Walk an hour to the damn refrigerator, get a pop While I let 'em fall all the way to the basement yellin stop [Eminem] Fuckin son of a bitch, I can't believe this shit This must be all that there is, this must be it Fuckin A, I even got a bidet to wash my ass after I shit, with gold toilet paper Dishwasher so big when I'm pissed off I can just toss a flying saucer in it, the shit's awesome Yeah, fuckin elevator Livin in a house with a fuckin elevator {*vocal scratches*} Elevator {*chka-chk-err-chka-chk*} elevator The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Eminem Album: Relapse: Refill Song: Taking My Ball Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Intro: Eminem] Yo, Dre man Make my, vocals sound, sexy Woo! C'mon man, c'mon man, OKAY! [Chorus: Eminem] It feels so wrong cause it feels so right But it's all right, it's okay with me I'll do my steps all by myself I don't need nobody to, play with me But if you just give me a chance I can put you in a trance the way I dance But don't nobody wanna play with me So I'm taking my ball and going home, hoooome [Eminem] I'm that guy man, shove a diamond up my hind end And crush it with my butt muscles while I cut vocals Slut, poke holes in your shirt, jump in mud puddles while I stomp mudholes in ya ass girl now let's cuddle Blood curdling, you're gurgling on your blood, what'll I do for my next trick? I'm feeling won-derful I think I might just do somethin a little less subtle Shove a fuckin Tonka truck up a little kid's butthole Feel the wrath of a psychopath slash ambassador  of the Valentine's Day Massacre Slash assassin, I'll slash her in the ass with a  icicle and leave her lay in a bloodbath while I  put a catheter in, and jump in the bath with her In my Spider-Man mask, man just imagine the fun I can have with a strap-on Stick it up Kim Kardashian's ass and make the bitch run a triathlon Are those pistachios? Damn, I'd like to have some Layin on the patio man, rolling a fat one "Shady drop the magic marker, put the cap on Goddamn man, are you that much of an asshole?" [Eminem] I'm like Houdini, tuck my teenie-eenie weenie between each one of my thighs and make it disappear like a genie Make the shit disappear like Tara Reid in a bikini Believe me homie you don't know the meaning of a meanie They call me the fruit loop from Jupiter I'm tryin to maneuver the Hoover up in your poop shoot, don't move or ya might get it stuck so fuckin far up in your uvula You ain't gonna know what he was tryin to do to ya gluteus Totally tubular sniffing glue through a tube in the studia Now who do ya think is more fruitier? Wiener smothered in peanut butter - putting on a tube of ya  eye shadow and man it look nice, you shoulda seen it Mother I think I'll put a piece of art on my Visa card Then I'll go beat Mischa Barton with a Cuisinart Then mosey on over to Rosie O'Donnell's, with McDonald's Jump in her lap then watch "The Sopranos" [Eminem] "Shady what are ya doin chewin on a human?" Grab an aluminum bat, hit Heidi Klum in the back, BOOM and assumin the fact that that dude's in the back room Usin the bathroom, vacuumin a raccoon Skewin a rat, a cat screwin a baboon You shouldn't ask what is he doing with that broom You should be glad he ain't leave you full of stab wounds You in a trance? I'm back doing my dance, ooh! But they're afraid I might get Sarah Palin  by the hair and make her wear a bathing suit and take her parasailing "Shady, why do you gotta pick on the lady for? Why you make her read 84 bedtime stories to you in baby talk?" Cause I'm scared, there's monsters under my bed Kellie Pickler hid my juicebox under my bassinet No wonder my ass is wet, my diaper needs to be changed You like graffiti dyke? Well I can pee-pee and write your name [Outro: Eminem] Fine, nobody wants to play with me? Fuck you then, bitch! Guys are always mean to me anyways All you ever do is rub gum in my hair and stuff You guys are gonna make me, make me sad I'm sad, I'm gonna cry, I'm cryin {*sobs*} I'm gonna tell my mom, MOMMMMM?! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Eminem Album: Relapse: The Refill Song: Music Box Typed by: thekid8907@gmail.com [Intro] Yeah Yeah girl can you hear that? It's playing our song are you sleepy? take a nap You're not afraid of the dark are ya? [Verse 1] you hear the beat as it makes ya not want to go to sleep I knock on Dakota's door it's locked so I go to creep 'round the back with binoculars not 'cause I want to peep but because I'm hungry she smells like taco's I want to eat visions of hot choclatey marshmallows also sweet with sugar plums oh look, here comes Marshall he's on your street he's placing hot smoldering charcoals beneath your feet now walk on 'em he's dancing with carcasses cheek to cheek like a Thanksgiving turkey a holiday ham see 'em sprinkled on toast with strawberry marmalade jam flavor my favorite graham crackers with Jon Benet Rams I guess a modern day jack the ripper is all that I am My music box (My music box) Cause when the lights are off, I see the girls asleep (My music box) But I can hear you my love, you keep calling me (My music box) And when we're worlds apart, you mean the World to me (My music box) If you call, I'll come, I will answer (My music box) Cause when the lights are off, I see the girls asleep (My music box) I hear my music box, playing a song for me (My music box) So when she twirls around do a whirl for me (My music box) Won't you be my private little dancer (My music box) [Verse 2] I almost look comatose who wants to be sober? gross I foam like a doberman mouth open I overdose put coke up my nostrils in both my holes then i plug my nose my pupils quadruple in size my eyes are so bugged I know I put on my mother's make up get naked and run around waving the gun around I think I'm down to a hundred pounds there's thunder, I wonder how come it rains but the sun is out? the Devil's upset with his wife they must be sluggin' it out i must be buggin' the fuck out what the fuck I'm 'bout? voices are leading me up to the attic I love my house they pull and they tug my blouse the sound of a music box comes from inside a toy chest but what do I do it's locked? I pick it and open it but it's stuffed full of human parts I dig 'till I find it, I wind it up and the tune it starts it's playing a song so beautiful and the room is dark the moon is full I smell a funeral guess I'll loom in the park my music box when the lights are off I see the girls asleep but I'm waiting my love keep calling me we're worlds apart but you mean the world to me [Verse 3] I'm fixated on asphyxiating and breakin' this little chick's neck like a pixie stick the sick, satan worshippin' bitches get horse whippin' I'm in the back through the back door slippin' through the crack leavin' the corpse drippin' the mortician of love sent from above forced and treat 'em all when she no more stingy I've become been doing this for more than a quarter century I'm just numb am I dreamin'? is it real? someone pinch me on the buns the time has come to tie her up dada roll me the ladder I've had enough of the chatter climb up to the window look at her the crime is slow to shatter her brain matter and batter her with a bat a matter of fact that will splatter her but before i do that I'll have a chat to flatter her give her two compliments back to back like Tabitha I'm your secret admirer I'm back to ravish ya so strong is your fight but you're no match for Dracula prolonging her plight as I go back to stabbin' her dismember her limbs simple as that cadaver her zoom in with the lens then pan back the camera stand back 'cause here comes your man Jack so Pamela my music box The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Eminem Album: Relapse: Refill Song: Drop the Bomb on 'Em Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Intro: Eminem] Yeah boy Dem better ring the alarm boy Dem know what's comin boy Buck, buck-buck! Ha ha Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah [Eminem] Oh my God, fuckin bumbaclaat, I'm hard as Kenard The little boy who shot Omar in "The Wire" Tie a whore up with barbwire in nothin but a bra boy I'm the real deal and charbroil her on the bonfire And bon voyage bitch, I'm like Chef Boyar- -dee in this bitch, send a bomb to my mom's lawyer I'm a problem for ya boy, you think you're Tom Sawyer 'til I pull ya out the fuckin storybook and stomp on ya Fuckin fictitional characters and fairy tales Prepare yourself for Captain America on ferris wheels But it ain't fiction, it's fact boy beware it's real Them lyrics you wield equals zero to a hero's shield Mister Fly-by-the-Seat-of-His-Pants parasail Fall, hit the trampoline, bounce and grab a pair of stilts And I ain't wearin zilch, zip, zero, nothing, no nada Like your fa-da fucking your ma-da [Chorus 2X: Eminem] Drop, the bomb on 'em - please don't drop the bomb on me Shady please, please don't drop the bomb on me Drop, the bomb on 'em - I don't want no doggone beef See? Ain't no reason to sic the dogs on me [Eminem] Boy I'm the Real McCoy, you lil' boys can't even fill voids Party's over kids, kill the noise, here come the killjoys Me and Dre the steel alloys, the rap crown royals who scalp cowboys, now how that sound for ya? Yeah boy, you know we're 'bout to put it down for ya So kick ya shoes off in the foyer, have a sound voyage And sayonara, see you fuckers tomorrow Get some R&R and marinate in some marinara And have a Coke and a smile, don't make me open a jar of whip-ass of ya, that's the last straw you're hopin to draw Yeah you fresher than most, boy I'm just doper than all Boy I'm that boy, boy dem boys, dem no up to par I just show up, go up to the stage and blow up the spot There ain't no boy who can do what I do, boy I'm a star Boy I told you boy, I'm a soldier boy, I'm DeShaun Holton in this bitch, I'm the +Proof+ boy, you're a fraud I'll destroy ya boy, fuck around and blow ya to sod Oh my God, boy ya didn't go there, no you did not! I got a whole storyboard for ya, boy you're the plot You're gettin got whether you try to avoid it or not Apology, not accepted boy Detroit is a rock We get to beefin ain't no tellin at what point it'll stop All I got to do is point at the spot, when the bomb drops boy does it drop, and when it does boy there's a problem [Eminem] Boy don't jinx yourself, boy I'm Michael Spinks with the belt Stringer Bell boy, my name rings bells for itself I'm sick as hell boy, you better run and tell someone else Bringin hell boy, singin telegrams'll get dealt And to that boy on them sedative meds who said he was better I bet he never seen Freddy in a black and red little sweater Back better than ever, the cheddar shredder, the grater The beef grinder, I'll settle vendettas a little later Givin haters incubators, think ya made a mistake by sayin Shady was ghost, I ain't even close to the gate You got one foot in the grave, just stay put and behave I'm 'bout to turn this fuckin place to Beirut in a day So hey, wouldn't ya say I'm the shit? Couldn't agree with ya more  if you were to say that my fuckin shit doesn't stink Shady fuckin Aftermath boy, the ship doesn't sink It just floats in the fuckin water 'til we fill up the tank The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Eminem Album:  Recovery Song:   Cold Wind Blows Typed by: jeebs67@gmail.com [Intro] Cause some things just don't change It's better when they stay the same Although the whole world knows your name So on the biggest days they came to see you spit your game Ooooohhhhhhh It shouldn't be difficult to explain Just why you came back again, you hate the fame Love the game, cold as ice you remain Fuck em' all, tell 'em all eat shit, here we go again So, god damn... is it that time again already Haha, you don't look too happy to see me Fuck man, don't everybody welcome me back at once All right, fuck ya'll then [Verse 1] You can get the dick, just call me the ball sack, I'm nuts Michael Vick in this bitch, dog fall back you mutts Fuck your worms, you never seen such a sick puppy Fuckin a sick duck, I want my duck sicked mommy And my nuts licked, gobble 'em up trick, yummy Bitch you don't fucking think I know that you suck dick dummy? You'll get your butt kicked, fuck all that love shit honey Yeah I laugh when I call you a slut, it's funny! Shawty dance while I diss you to the beat, fuck the words You don't listen to 'em anyway, yeah struck a nerve sucker Muhfucker might as well let my lips pucker Like Elton John, cause I'm just a mean cock sucker This shit is on, cause you went and pissed me off Now I'm sitting and pissing on everybody Give a fuck if it's right or wrong So buck the buddha, light a bong But take a look at Mariah the next time I inspire you to write a song, C'mon Oh oh oh oh oh oh oh, I'm as cold as the cold wind blows When it snows and it's twenty be-low Ask me why man I just don't know know know know know know know I'm as cold as the cold wind blows blo-blo-blo-blo-blo-blows Oh oh oh oh oh [Verse 2] Fuck it I'm a loose cannon, Bruce Banner's back in the booth Ya'll are sitting ducks, I'm the only goose standing I set the world on fire, piss on it, put it out Stick my dick in a circle, but I'm not fucking around muhfucker I'll show you pussy footin, I'll kick a bitch in the cunt Til it makes her queef and sounds like a fucking whoopy cushion Who the fuck is you pushin', you musta mistook me for some sissy Soft punk looking for some nookie or bosom Go ahead, fucking hater push me I told you ain't no fucking way to shush me Call me a faggot cause I hate a pussy Man the fuck up sissy, G's up All you gardeners freeze up, put your hoes down (shady ease up!) (Man chill), nah I can't goddamnit Rappers are land fill, drop the anvil These are shoes that you can't fill Shit the day that happens the world'll stop spinning And Michael J. Fox'll come to a stand still During an earthquake, urine in your face Cause you're fake, ahh what the fuck, that hurt wait! Ahh what the fuck, I just got struck by lightening Alright then I quit, God I give up Call it evil that men do, lord forgive me for what my pen do This is for your sins, I cleanse you You can repent but I warn you, if you continue To hell I'll send you, and just then the wind blew and I said [Verse 3] How long will I be this way? Shady until my dying day Til I hang up the mic and it's time for me to say So long, til then I drop the fucking bombs Like I missed the pass when I went long If you don't like it you can kiss my ass in a lint thong Now sing along slut, this slut that learned the words to the song Oh bitches don't like that, homie I'll be nicer to women When Aqua Man drowns and the Human Torch starts swimming Man I'm a cold soul, I roll solo so don't compare  Me to them other bums over there it's like  Apples to oranges, peaches to plums yeah I'm bananas pussy, cut off the grapes and grow a pear But I swear, you try to diss me, I'll slaughter you I put that on everything, like everyone does with auto-tune That last thing you wanna do is have me spit out a rhyme And say I was writing this and I thought of you so [Outro] Oh oh oh oh oh oh I don't know, I don't know what caused I don't know what caused me to be this wayme to be this way I don't know, I don't know by I probably be this way til my dying day I don't know why I'm so, I'm so cold beat bangs, I don't need to say I guess this is how you made me The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Eminem f/ Kobe Album: Recovery Song: Talkin' 2 Myself Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Intro: Eminem] Aiyyo, before I start this song man I just wanna, thank everybody for bein so patient And bearin with me over these last couple of years While I figure this shit out [Chorus: Kobe] Is anybody out therrrre? It feels like I'm talkin to myself No one seems to know my struggle And everything I've come from (ohhhh) Can anybody hear meeee? Yeah I guess I keep talkin to myself It feels like I'm goin insane Am I the one who's crazy? Yeah [Kobe] Whoooa, whoooa (Oh-oh oh-oh oh oh oh oh) Whoooa, whoooa, whoooa (Oh-oh oh-oh oh oh oh oh oh) [Interlude: Eminem] So why in the world, do I feel so alone? Nobody but me, I'm on my own Is there anyone out there, who feels the way I feel? If there is then let me hear just so I know that I'm not the only one [Eminem] I went away I guess and opened up some lanes But there was no one who even knew I was goin through, growin pains Hatred was flowin through my veins, on the verge of goin insane I almost made a song dissin Lil Wayne It's like I was jealous of him cause of the attention he was gettin I felt horrible about myself, he was spittin and I wasn't, anyone who was buzzin back then coulda got it Almost went at Kanye too, God it feels like I'm goin psychotic, thank God that I didn't do it I'da had my ass handed to me, and I knew it But Proof isn't here to see me through it I'm in the booth, poppin another pill, tryin to talk myself into it Are you stupid? You're gon' start dissin people for no reason? 'Specially when you can't even write a decent punchline even? You're lyin to yourself, you're slowly dyin, you're denyin your health is declinin with your self-esteem, you're cryin out for help [Chorus] + [Interlude] [Eminem] + (Kobe) Marshall you're no longer the man, that's a bitter pill to swallow All I know is I'm wallowin, self-loathin and hollow Bottoms up on the pill bottle, maybe I'll hit my bottom tomorrow My sorrow echoes in this hall though (oh-ohhhh whoa) But I must be talkin to the wall though, I don't see nobody else (I guess I keep talkin to myself) But all these other rappers suck is all that I know I've turned into a hater, I put up a false bravado But Marshall is not an egomaniac, that's not his motto He's not a desperado, he's desperate, his thoughts are bottled inside him; one foot on the brake, one on the throttle Fallin asleep with writer's block in the parking lot at McDonald's But instead of feelin sorry for yourself do somethin 'bout it Admit you got a problem, your brain is clouded, you pouted long enough, it isn't them it's you you fuckin baby Quit worryin 'bout what they do and do Shady, I'm fuckin goin crazy [Chorus] + [Interlude] [Eminem] So I picked myself off the ground and fuckin swam 'fore I drowned Hit my bottom so hard I bounced twice, suffice, this time around it's different, them last two albums didn't count "Encore" I was on drugs, "Relapse" I was flushin 'em out I've come to make it up to ya now, no more fuckin around I got somethin to prove to fans cause I feel like I let 'em down So please accept my apology, I finally feel like I'm back to normal I feel like me again, let me formally reintroduce myself to you for those of you who don't know The new me's back to the old me and homie I don't show no signs of slowin up, oh and I'm blowin up all over My life is no longer a movie but the show ain't over homos I'm back with a vengeance homie, Weezy keep ya head up T.I. keep ya head up, Kanye keep ya head up, don't let up Just keep slayin 'em, rest in peace to DJ AM Cause I know what it's like, I struggle with this shit every single day and um [Chorus] + [Interlude] [Outro: Eminem] So there it is, damn Feels like I just woke up or somethin I guess I just, forgot who the fuck I was man Aiyyo, and to anybody I thought about goin at It was never nothin personal Just some shit I was goin through And to everybody else, I'M BACK! (I'm back!) Ha ha The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Eminem Album: Recovery Song: On Fire Typed by: Roach1984@hotmail.com Yeah, haha You know, critics man Critics never got nothin' nice to say man You know the one thing I notice about critics man Is, critics never ask me how my day went Well I'ma tell 'em Ah, yesterday my dog died I hog tied a ho, tied her in a bow Said next time you blow up try to spit a flow You wanna criticize dog, try a little mo' I'm so tired of this I could blow, fire in the hole  I'm fired up so fire up the lighter and the 'dro Better hold on a little tighter here I go Flow's tighter, hot-headed his ghost writer Cold-hearted it's Spider-Man throwin' a spider in the snow So you better get, lower than Flo Rida  Inside of a low rider with no tires in a hole  Why am I like this? Why is winter cold? Why is it when I talk I'm so biased to the ho's? Listen dog, Christmas is off This is as soft as it gets, this isn't golf This is a blistering assault Those are your wounds, this is the salt So get lost, shit dissin' me is just like pissin' off The Wizard of Oz, wrap a lizard in gauze Beat you in the jaws with it grab the scissors and saws and Cut out your livers, gizzards and balls Throw you in the middle of the ocean in the blizzard with Jaws So sip piss like Sizzurp through a straw Then describe how it tas-ted like dessert to us all Got the gall to make Chris piss in his drawers Tickle him, go to his grave, skip him and visit his dog You're on fire That's how you know you're on a roll Cause when you're hot it's like your burnin' up, everyone else is cold You're on fire Man I'm so fucking sick I got ambulances pullin' me over and shit You're on fire You need to stop, drop and roll  Cause when you say the shit to get the whole hip hop shop to blow You're on fire (yeah) You're on fire I just put a bullshit hook in between two Long ass verses if you mistook this for a song look This ain't a song it's a warning to Brooke Hogan and David Cook that the crook Just took over so book Run as fast as you can, stop writin' and kill it I'm lighting in the skillet, you're a fucking a flash in the pan I pop up you bitches scatter like hot grease  Splashing the fan, Mr. Mathers is the man  Yeah, I'm pissed but I would rather take this energy and stash it in the can Come back and whoop your ass with it again Saliva's like sulphuric acid in your hand It'll eat through anything metal, the ass of Iron Man Turn him into plastic so for you to think that you could stand A fucking chance is asinine, yeah ask Denaun man Hit a blind man with a coloring book and told him  Color inside the lines or get hit with a flyin' crayon,  Fuck it I ain't playin', pull up in a van  And hop out on a homeless man holding a sign sayin' "Vietnam Vet", I'm out my fuckin' mind man Kick over the can, beat his ass and leave him nine grand So if I seem a little mean to you, this ain't savage you ain't never seen a brew You wanna get graphic we can go the scenic route You couldn't make a bulimic puke on a piece of fuckin' corn-and-peanut-poo Sayin' you sick, quit playin' you prick Don't nobody care, and why the FUCK am I yelling at air? I ain't even talkin' to no one cause ain't nobody there And nobody'll fucking test me because these ho's wont even dare I'm wasting punch lines, but I got so many to spare I just thought up another one that might go here Nah, don't waste it, save it psycho, yeah Plus you gotta rewrite those lines that you said about Michael's hair  You're on fire That's how you know you're on a roll Cause when you're hot it's like your burnin' up, everyone else is cold You're on fire Man I'm so, I'm so hot my motherfucking fire truck's on fire homies You're on fire You need to stop, drop and roll  Cause when you say the shit to get the whole hip hop shop to blow You're on fire (Yeah) You're on fire (Oh, shit) You're on fire The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Eminem f/ P!nk Album: Recovery Song: Won't Back Down Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Chorus: P!nk] You can sound the alarm, you can call out your guards You can fence in your yard, you can hold all the cards But I won't, back, down! Oh no I won't, back, down! Oh no [Eminem] Cadillac Sevilles, Coupe DeVilles, brain-dead rims, yeah stupid wheels Girl I'm too for real, lose your tooth and nail tryin to fight it, try to deny it, stupid you will feel What I do I do at will, shootin from the hip, yeah boy shoot to kill Half a breath left, on my death bed, screamin "F that," yeah super ill! Baby what the deal? We can chill, split a half a pill and a Happy Meal Fuck a steak slut, I'll cut my toes off and step on the receipt, 'fore I foot the bill Listen garden tool, don't make me introduce you to my power tool, you know the fuckin drill How you douche bags feel knowin you're disposable? Summer's Eve, Massengill Shady's got the mass appeal, baby crank this shit cause it's your goddamn jam You say that you want your punchlines a little more compact, well shorty I'm that man These other cats ain't metaphorically where I'm at man I gave Bruce Wayne a Valium and said, "Settle your fuckin ass down, I'm ready for combat man!" Get it? Calm Batman? Nah, ain't nobody who's as bomb and as nuts, lines are like mom's CAT scans cause they fuckin go ba-na-nas Honey I applaud that ass, swear to God man these broads can't dance Ma, show 'em how it's done, spaz like a goddamn Taz, yeah [Eminem] Girl shake that ass like a donkey with Parkinson's, make like Michael J. Fox is in your drawers playin with an Etch A Sketch, bet ya that you'll never guess who's knockin at your doors People hit the floors, yeah tonight ladies you gon' get divorced Girl forget remorse, I'ma hit you broads with Chris's force like you pissed him off! Talented with the tongue muh'fucker, you ain't got a lick in yours Hittin licks like I'm robbin liquor stores, makin cash registers, shit their drawers Think you spit the rawest? I'm an uncooked slab of beef layin on your kitchen floor Other words I'm off the meat rack, bring the beat back, bring me two extension cords I'ma measure my dick, shit I need six inches more, fuck my dick's big Bitch, need I remind you, that I don't need the fuckin swine flu, to be a sick pig? You're addicted, I'm dope, I'm the longest needle around here, need a fix ock? I'm the big shot, get it dick snots? You're just small pokes, little pricks (hah!) Girl you think that other prick's hot? I'll drink gasoline and eat a lit match 'fore I sit back and let him get hotter, better call the cops on him quick-fast Shady's right back on your bitch-ass, white trash with a half a six-pack in his hatchback, trailer hitch a-ttached to the back ("dispatch") [Eminem] Bitch am I the reason that your boyfriend stopped rappin? Does a bird chirp? Does Lil Wayne slurp syrup 'til he burps and smoke purp? Does a word search get, circles wrapped around it like you do when I come through? I'd like you to remind yourself of what the fuck I can do  when I'm on the mic, girl you're the kind of girl that I can take a likin to Psych I'm spikin you, like a football, been this way since I stood a foot tall You're a good catch, with a shitty spouse, got a pretty mouth, and a good jaw Give me good brain, watch the woodgrain, don't want no cum stain, bitch you listening? Tryin to turn me down, slut I'm talkin to you, turn me back up! Are you insane? Tryin to talk over me, in the car? Shut the fuck up while my shit's playing! I'm a shit stain on the underwear of life What's the sayin? Where there's thunder there's light- -ning and they say that it never strikes twice in the same place then how the fuck have I been hit six times in three different locations on four separate occasions? And you can bet your stankin ass that I've come to smash everything in my path Fork was in the road, took the psycho-path, poison ivy wouldn't have me thinkin rash So hit the dance floor cutie while I do my duty on this microphone, shake your booty Shorty I'm the shit, why you think Proof used to call me Doody? Artist: Eminem Album: Recovery Song: W.T.P. Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Intro: Eminem] Yeah! Ohh! Get up (where my trash at?) I said get up! (You know what happens when I'm with trash man) Woo! Let's go [Eminem] Better watch, out, now cause here we come (come, come) And we ain't stoppin until we see the mornin sun (sun, sun) So give us room to do our thing cause we ain't come to hurt, no, one (one, one) So e'rybody come and get up on the floor now and grab, some, one (one) Man first of all I'm a boss, I just wanna get that across Man even my dentist hates when I floss Pull up to the club in a Pinto like it's a Porsche Garbage bag for one of the windows, spray-painted doors with the flames on 'em, Michigan plates and my name's on 'em Baby Shady's here, come and get him if you dames want him But he ain't stupid so quit tryin to run them games on him He's immune to Cupid, why you tryin to put your claims on him? Cause you won't do to me what you did to the last man Now climb in back, try not to kick over the gas can There's a half a gallon in it, that could be our last chance we have of just gettin home, now can I get that lapdance? She's got a tattoo of me right above her ass, man In the streets of Warren, Michigan we call 'em tramp stamps That means she belongs to me, time to put the damn clamps down and show this hussy who's the man, now get amped, dance! [Chorus: Eminem] Now you can do this on your own But everyone knows that no one likes to be alone So get on the floor and grab somebody Ain't nuttin but a white trash party (white trash party) So let's have us a little bash And if anyone asks it ain't no one but us trash You don't know ya better ask somebody Cause we're havin a white trash party (white trash party) [Eminem] Pull a fifth of Bacardi from out of my underwear And walk around the party without a care like a body without a head Lookin like a zombie from "Night of the Livin' Dead" And tomorrow I'll probably still be too high to get out of bed 'Til I feel like I've been hit with the sharp part of the hammer Mixin Hennessy and Fanta with Pepto and Mylanta I shoot the gift like I'm hollerin "Die Santa" Missed the tree and hit Rudolph and two innocent bystanders (yeah!) So quit tryin to play the +Wall+ like you're Paul and get on the floor when the beat drops and stop stallin They call me the Stephon Marbury of rap darling Cause as soon as they throw on some R. Kelly I start ballin Makin it rain for the ladies in the mini's But I'm not throwin ones, five, tens or even twenties I'm throwin quarters, nickels, dimes, pennies up at Skinny's Man I do this for them bunnies up at Denny's From the North, East and West but when it comes to them trailers in them +South Parks+ Muffle it, cause homie that hood's tighter than Kenny's So ladies if your belly button's not an innie then I'm outtie Now hop in my mini-van, let's get rowdy, c'mon [Eminem] Now whether you're black, white or purple if you're misunderstood But you don't give a fuck, you ain't doin shit that you should Long as you know you're up to evil and you're no damn good Get on the flo' mayne and rep yo' hood Now honey don't let them pricks trip, we should make a quick dip and go do some donuts in the hospital parkin lot, cause girl I got a sick whip Kick the back window out of my Gremlin Put two milk crates in the trunk, rip out the stick shift And, make a five-seater, I'll be damned if I feed a  chick, it ain't like me to split a piece of dry pita I'll be the S-L to the I-M to the S-H-A-D-Y and I don't need a tanktop to be a wife beater I'll rip a tree out the ground and flip it upside-down 'fore I turn over a new leaf clown, I'll tell you now I'm so raw I still need to un-thaw, you feel me y'all? I'll shut the club down like Drake in the mall! But baby a body like that's against the law You the baddest little "chain" with the blades I ever "saw" Coleslaw containers, empty straw wrappers and all You got more junk in your trunk than I do in my car Now git up! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Eminem Album: Recovery Song: Going Through Changes Typed by: nmielnik@gmail.com [Black Sabbath] I'm going through changes, I'm going through changes [Eminem] Lately, I really Feel like I'm, roll'n for delph like Philly Feel like I'm lose'n control of myself I sincerely, apologize if all that I sound like Is I'm complaining, but life keeps on complicating And, I'm debating on, leaving this world this evening Even my girls can see that I'm grieving I try and hide it but I can't Why do I act like I am all high and mighty When inside I'm dying, I am finally realize'n I need...help Can't do it myself, too weak Two weeks I've been having ups and down Going through peaks and valleys Dilly dallying, around with the idea Of ending this shit right here I'm hating my reflection I walk around the house trying to fight mirrors I can't stand what I look like, yeah I look fat, but what do I care I give a fuck, only thing that I fear is Hailey I'm afraid that if I close my eyes then I might see her...Shit [Eminem] I lock myself in the bedroom, bathroom Napping at noon, yeah dad's in a bad mood He's always snapping at you Marshall what happened that you Can't stop with these pills, and you've falling off with your skills And your own fans are laughing at you It become a problem you're too pussy to tackle Get up, be a man, stand, a real man woulda had this shit handled Know you just had your heart, ripped out and crushed They say Proof just flipped out, homie just whipped out and bust Nah, it ain't like Doody to do that, He wouldn't fuck'n shoot at...nobody, he'd fight first But dwelling on it only makes the night worse Now I'm popping Vikes, Percs, and Methadone Pills Yeah Em tight verse, you killed it Fuck'n drug dealers hang around me like Yes-Men And they gon' do whatever I says, whenever I says it It's in their best interest to protect their investment And I just lost my fuck'n best friend, so fuck it I guess then [Chorus] + [Eminem] Don't know what I'm going through, but I just keep on going through changes [Eminem] My friends can't understand this new me That's understandable man, but think how bananas you'd be You'd be an animal too If you were trapped in this fame, and caged in it like a zoo And everybody's look'n at you Whacha want me to do? I'm starting to live like a recluse, and the truth is Fame is starting to give me an excuse To be at a, all-time low I sit alone in my home theatre, watching the same damn DVD of the First tour, the last tour, he was still alive And it hurts, so I fast forward Sleeping pills would make me feel alright And if I'm still awake in the middle of the night I just take a couple more, yeah you're motherfucking right I ain't slowing down for no one I am almost homeward bound Almost in a coma, yeah homie, come on dole ‘em out Daddy don't you die on me Daddy better hold your ground Fuck, don't I know the sound of that voice Yeah baby hold me down [Chorus] + [Eminem] Don't know what I'm going through, but I just keep going through changes [Eminem] Wake up in the hospital, full of tubes Plus somehow I'm pulling through Swear when I come back, I'ma be bullet proof I'ma do it just for proof I think I should state a few Facts, cuz I may not get a chance again to say the truth See it just hit me, that what if I would not have made it through I think about the things that I would have never got say to you I'd never get to make it right, so here's what I came to do Hailey this one is for you, Whitney and Alaina too I still love your mother, that'll never change Think about her every day, we just could never get it together hey Wish there was a better way for me to say it But I swear on everything, I'll do anything for her on any day There are just too many things, to explain When it rains, guess it pours, guess it does Wish there wasn't any pain But I can't pretend there ain't I ain't placing any blame, I ain't pointing fingers Heaven knows I've never been a saint I know that it feels like we just pissed away our history And just today, I looked at your picture, almost as if to say I miss you sub-consciously, wish it didn't end this way But I just had to get away, don't know why, I don't know what else to say I guess I'm [Chorus] + [Eminem] Don't know what I'm going through, but I just keep going through changes The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Eminem Album: Recovery Song: Not Afraid Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Intro: Eminem - *during Chorus*] Yeah, it's been a ride I guess I had to, go to that place, to get to this one Now some of you, might still be in that place If you're tryin to get out, just follow me I'll get you there [Chorus: Eminem] I'm not afraid (I'm not afraid) To take a stand (to take a stand) Everybody (everybody) Come take my hand (come take my hand) We'll walk this road together, through the storm Whatever weather, cold or warm Just lettin you know that, you're not alone Holla if you feel like you've been down the same road (same road) [Eminem] You can try and read my lyrics off of this paper before I lay 'em But you won't take the sting out these words before I say 'em Cause ain't no way I'ma let you stop me from causin mayhem When I say I'ma do somethin I do it, I don't give a damn what you think, I'm doin this for me, so fuck the world feed it beans It's gassed up, if it thinks it's stoppin me I'ma be what I set out to be, without a doubt undoubtedly And all those who looked down on me I'm tearin down your balcony No if ands or buts, don't try to ask him why or how can he From "Infinite" down to that last "Relapse" album he's still shittin, whether he's on salary, paid hourly until he bows out or he shits his bowels out of him Whichever comes first, for better or worse He's married to the game, like a fuck you for Christmas, his gift is a curse Forget the Earth, he's got the urge to pull his dick from the dirt And fuck the whole universe [Eminem] Okay quit playin with the scissors and shit, and cut the crap I shouldn't have to rhyme these words in a rhythm for you to know it's a wrap You said you was king, you lied through your teeth, for that Fuck your fillings, instead of gettin crowned you're gettin capped And to the fans, I'll never let you down again I'm back I promise to never go back on that promise, in fact Let's be honest, that last "Relapse" CD was ehhh Perhaps I ran them accents into the ground Relax, I ain't goin back to that now All I'm tryin to say is get back, click-clack, blaow Cause I ain't playin around There's a game called circle and I don't know how, I'm way too up to back down But I think I'm still tryin to figure this crap out Thought I had it mapped out but I guess I didn't, this fuckin black cloud still follows, me around - but it's time to exorcise these demons These muh'fuckers are doin jumpin jacks now! [Eminem] And I just can't keep living this way So starting today, I'm breaking out of this caaaaage I'm standing up, I'ma face my demons I'm manning up, I'ma hold my ground I've had enough, now I'm so fed up Time to put my life back together right now! (now) It was my decision to get clean, I did it for me Admittedly, I probably did it subliminally for you, so I could come back a brand new me, you helped see me through And don't even realize what you did cause believe me you I've been through the wringer, but they could do little to the middle finger I think I got a tear in my eye, I feel like the king of my world, haters can make like bees with no stingers and drop dead, no more beef lingers No more drama, from now on I promise  to focus solely on handlin my responsibilities as a father So I solemnly swear to always treat this roof, like my daughters and raise it, you couldn't lift a single shingle on it! Cause the way I feel, I'm strong enough to go to the club or the corner pub, and lift the whole liquor counter up Cause I'm raising the bar I'd shoot for the moon but I'm too busy gazin at stars I feel amazing and I'm not The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Eminem Album: Recovery Song: Seduction Typed by: nmielnik@gmail.com [Samples behind Eminem] Like a verbal seduction when Seduction when I tell her...Girls on the shore Girl, Girl, Girl...Right Now...Girls on the shore Girl, Girl, Girl...Like a verbal seduction when...Girls on the shore Girls on the shore... [Eminem] I don't know man, it just feels like...we're a lot different I kinda feels like...I'm on a whole different page right now, than you It feels strange but um...but I guess it's kinda like...it's kinda like [Eminem] I feel like I'm morphin' Into something that's so incredible that I'm dwarfin' All competitors Better get your girlfriend in check It's psychological warfare Endorphines I affect Your self-esteem shatters his dialect Comes blastin out ya deck, she loves me Such passion you'd expect This sort of reaction, from her yet You're stronger, you're fuck'n corny You try to turn...your charm on Cuz you just think you're 'bishop the Don Juan But if you think you're fucking with me, homie you're on one I'm cock'n my head back like Ed Lover, come on son She's on my Johnson, she brings my name up constant You're boys are like, "She's fuck'n with dude, she wants 'em" Oh boy, you better get a clue She's on my dick cuz I spit better than you What you expect her to do? How you expect her to act in the sack? When she's close'n her eyes Fantasizing her diggn' her nails in my back to this track [Eminem] + (Samples) Seduction, Seduce Ain't nobody who's as good at what I do   (It's like a verbal seduction when...) Cuz one minute she loves you, the next she don't She's been stolen from you      (It's like a verbal seduction when...) Seduction, Seduce        (Seduction when I got girls on the shore...) Ain't nobody who's as good at what I do Cuz one minute she loves you, the next she don't (I got girls on the shore...) She's been stolen from you      (It's like a verbal seduction when...) [Eminem] She's sitting there gettin' liquored up at the bar She says it's quicker to count the things that ain't wrong with you Than to count the things that are There's a 7 disc CD changer in the car And I'm in every single slot, and you're not (Aw!) I'm the logo on that Dallas Cowboy helmet (a star!) And I'm not about to sit back and just keep rhym'n one syllable (Naw!) Switch it up, and watch them haters not give it up Cuz they just not good enough, but I'm not givin up Til I get my respect, and I won't stop til I get enough Cuz I'm not livin up to my own expectations (Aw!) That hater alarm is sound'n, ah, but Obama took the bomb from my name (Oa!) So quit crying that I took your dame homie, she my dame (aw!) You're sadly mistaken if you think'n that I'm not on my game boy And thangs, just ain't been the same since the day that I came forth You wear your heart on your sleeve, I sport that white tank boy But you got a hard-on for me, what you holler'n my name for It's your bitch on my dick, ain't my dang fault, man I can't call it [Eminem] It's like we're playin'n lyrical tug of war with your ear You hear it, girl come here, put your ear up to the speaker Dear, while I freak this...world premier Seducin' her, loosen' up with a little freestyle, what-wa wait am I'm lose'n ya? Am I makin you look bad?  Well I got news for your homie you're lose'n her Oh wait, she don't like when I spit it fast, I'ma try to show ya how Let me slow it (down some) It's still gonna be a blowout, you're gonna wanna throw out your whole album Rummage through the shit and try to salvage something To see if you can save any of it, bu-but none of it's fuck'n with me Prick you really feel'n that bullshit, you think you kill'n them syllables Quit play'n, these beats ain't nothing to fool with  They call me Fire Marshall, I shut the shit down Your entire arsenal is not enough to fuck with one round (Woo!) I am also the opposite of what you are like You're a microcosm of what the fuck I am on the mic I am awesome, and you are just awe-struck She's love stricken, she's got her jaw stuck From suck'n my dick, aw fuck The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Eminem f/ Lil Wayne Album: Recovery Song: No Love Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Intro: samples from "What is Love" by Haddaway] "Love, love..." {*lighter clicks*} "Love, love, love..." {*Eminem humming*} "Don't hurt me, don't hurt me, no more, no more" "Love, love.." [Lil Wayne] Young Money, yeah, uhh Throw dirt on me, and grow a wildflower But it's fuck the world, get a child out her Yeah my life a bitch, but you know nothin 'bout her Been to hell and back, I can show you vouchers I'm rollin sweets, I'm smokin sour Married to the game, but she broke her vows That's why my bars, are full of broken bottles And my nightstands, are full of open bibles Uhh, I think about more than I forget But I don't go around fire expectin not to sweat And these niggaz know I'll lay 'em down, make your bed Bitches try to kick me while I'm down, I'll break your leg Money outweighin problems on a triple-beam I'm stickin to the script, you niggaz skippin scenes Uhh, be good or be good at it Fuckin right I got my gun, semi-Cartermatic Yeah, put the dick in they mouth so I guess it's fuck what they say I'm high as a bitch, up up and away, man I'll come down in a couple of days Okay, you want me up in a cage? Then I'll come out in beast mode I got this world stuck in a safe, combination is the G-code It's Weezy motherfucker, blood gang and I'm in bleed mode All about my do' but I don't even check the peep-hole So you could keep knockin, but won't knock me down No love lost, no love found [Chorus: Eminem] + (Lil Wayne) It's a little too late, to say that you're sorry now You kicked me when I was down, but what you say just don't {"Don't hurt me"} (That's right) It don't {"Don't hurt me"} (I don't need you) no more (Don't wanna see ya) {"No more"} (huh, bitch you get no) You get no {"Love"} You showed me nothin but hate, you ran me into the ground But what comes around goes around, around and you don't {"Don't hurt me"} (That's right) You don't {"Don't hurt me"} (and I don't need you) no more (Don't wanna see ya) {"No more"} (hah, bitch you get no) You get no [Interlude] No loooove (no!) no loooove (no!) no loooove (no!) no loooove [LW] Hah, bitch you get no [Em] You get no No loooove (no!) no loooove (no!) no love [LW] And I don't need you {"No more"} get 'em! [Eminem] I'm alive again, more alive than I have been in my whole entire life, I can see these people's ears perk up as I begin to spaz with the pen I'm a little bit sicker than, most, shit's finna get thick again They say the, competition is stiff but I get a hard dick from this shit now stick it in I ain't never givin in again, caution to the wind, complete freedom Look at these rappers how I treat 'em, so why the fuck would I join 'em when I beat 'em? They call me a freak cause I like to spit on these pussies 'fore I eat 'em Man get these wack cocksuckers off stage, where the fuck is Kanye when you need him? Snatch the mic from him, bitch I'ma let you finish in a minute, yeah that rap was tight but I'm 'bout to spit the greatest verse of all time so ya might wanna go back to the lab tonight and um scribble out them rhymes you were gonna spit and start over from scratch and write new ones But I'm afraid that it ain't gonna make no difference  when I rip the stage and tear it in half tonight, it's an adrenaline rush you feel the bass thump from the place all the way to the parking lot fellow Set fire to the mic and ignite the crowd, you can see the sparks from hot metal Cold-hearted, from the day I Bogarted the game, my soul started to rot fellow When I'm not even at my harshest, you can still get roasted cause Marsh is not mellow 'Til I'm topplin from the top I'm not gonna stop, I'm standin on my Monopoly board That means I'm on top of my game and it don't stop 'til my hip don't hop anymore When you're so good that you can't say it cause it ain't even cool for you to sound cocky anymore People just get sick cause you spit, these fools can't drool or dribble a drop anymore  And you could never break my stride, you'll never slow the momentum at any moment I'm 'bout to blow, you'll never take my pride, I'm killin the flow, slow venom any opponent is gettin no, mercy mark my words, ain't lettin up, relentless I smell blood I don't give a fuck! Keep givin 'em hell, where was you when I fell and needed help up? You get no love [Chorus] w/ minor variations [Outro] No loooove (no!) no loooove (no!) no loooove (no!) no loooove [LW] Hah, bitch you get no [Em] You get no No loooove (no!) no loooove (no!) no love [LW] And I don't need ya {"No more"} [LW] Hah, bitch you get no [Em] You get no {"Love, love..."} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Eminem Album: Recovery Song: Space Bound Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Eminem] We touch, I feel a rush, we clutch, it isn't much But it's enough to make me wonder what's in store for us, it's lust It's torturous, you must, be a sorceress cause you just did the impossible, gained my trust, don't play games it'll be dangerous if you fuck me over, cause if I get burnt I'ma show ya what it's like to hurt, cause I been treated like dirt, befo' ya And love is evol, spell it backwards I'll show ya Nobody knows me I'm cold, walk down this road all alone It's no one's fault but my own, it's the path I've chosen to go Frozen as snow, I show no emotion what-so-ever so Don't ask me why I have no, love for these muh'fuckin hoes Blood-suckin succubuses, what the fuck is up with this? I've tried in this department but, I ain't had no luck with this It sucks but it's exactly what I thought it would be like tryin to start over I got a hole in my heart but some kind of emotional roller coaster's somethin I won't go on so you toy with my emotions, hoe it's over It's like an explosion every time I hold ya, wasn't jokin when I told you You take my breath away, you're a supernova And I'm a I'm a space bound rocketship and your heart's the moon And I'm aimin right at youuuu, right at youuuu 250 thousand miles on a clear night in June And I'm aimin right at youuuu, right at youuuu, right at youuuuuuu [Eminem] I'll do whatever it takes, when I'm with you I get the shakes My body aches when I ain't, with you I have zero strength There's no limit on how far I would go, no boundaries no lengths Why do we say that until we get that person that we think's gonna be that one and then once we get 'em it's never the same You want 'em when they don't want you, soon as they do feelings change It's not a contest and I ain't on no conquest for no mate I wasn't lookin when I stumbled onto you, must've been fate But so much is at stake, what the fuck does it take? Let's cut to the chase 'fore the door shuts in your face, promise me if I cave in and break and leave myself open that I won't be makin a mistake Cause I'm a [Eminem] So after a year and six months, it's no longer me that you want But I love you so much it hurts, never mistreated you once I poured my heart out to you, let down my guard swear to God I'll blow my brains in your lap, lay here and die in your arms Drop to my knees and I'm pleadin, I'm tryin to stop you from leavin You won't even listen so fuck it, I'm tryin to stop you from breathin I put both hands on your throat, I sit on top of you squeezin 'til I snap your neck like a popsicle stick, ain't no possible reason I can think of to let you walk up out this house and let you live Tears stream down both of my cheeks, then I let you go and just give And 'fore I put that gun to my temple I told you this {*blam*} And I would've did anything for you To show you how much I adored you But it's over now, it's too late to save our, love Just promise me you'll think of me Every time you look up in the sky and see a star cause I'm a I'm a space bound rocketship and your heart's the moon And I'm aimin right at youuuu, right at youuuu 250 thousand miles on a clear night in June And I'm so lost without youuuu, without youuuu, without youuuuuuu The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Eminem Album: Recovery Song: Cinderella Man Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Intro: Eminem] Yeah, you know technically I'm not even really supposed to be here right now So fuck it, might as well make the most of it (Ahhhhhh-men, ahhhhhh-men) Yeah! Ha ha, feels good! (Ahhhhhh-men, ahhhhhh-men) Woo! Guess I'm lucky, some of us don't get a second chance (Ahhhhhh-men, ahhhhhh-men) But I ain't blowin this one, nah man (Ahhhhhh-men, ahhhhhh-men) Ha ha, shit I feel like I can do anything now [Eminem] Who can catch lightnin in a bottle, set fire to water Comin out the nozzle on a fire hose, flyer than swatters (Cinderella Man, Cinderella Man, Cinderella Man, Cinderella Man) Smash an hourglass, grab the sand, take his hands and cup 'em Spit a rhyme to freeze a clock, take the hands of time and cuff 'em (Cinderella Man, Cinderella Man, Cinderella Man, Cinderella Man) There's a storm comin that the weatherman couldn't predict I start the bug prick, you better flee/flea cause I get ticked It's a wrap, I was down, when I was down I was kicked I got up, I'm back to punch you to the ground, you're tricked It's a trap, fuck my last CD the shit's in my trash I'll be goddamn if another rapper gets in my ass I hit the gas and I spit every rap as if it's my last You can die in the blink of an eye, so bat your eyelashes And keep winkin and blowin kisses cause you're flirtin with death I'm destroyin your livelihood, I ain't just hurtin your rep I catch a flow and get goin, no remorse I'm showin, ain't slowin for no one knowin there's nothin you can do about it, zero in on my target like a marksman, the target is you I shut your lane down, took your spot, parked in it too Arsenic flow, lighter fluid saliva, what can you do? Go get your crew to hype you up, stand behind you like "WOOO!" That boy's hot enough to melt hell, burn Satan too Fry his ass and put his ashes back together with glue So you can hate him, he don't blame you, frankly he would too This game could ill afford to lose him, how 'bout you? Now guess who? (Hey) Here's a clue (hey) He came to the ball in his wife-beater, lost his Nike shoe It's in ya ass (hey) he's in ya ass, he's all up in your psyche too (Hey, hey) Now, what's his name? Cinde-rella, Man, Cinde-rella, Man Cinde-rella, Cinde-rella, Man Cinde-rella, Man, Man, Man If I had a time machine, I'd be Cinderella Man, Cinderella Man, Cinderella Man, Cinderella Man Music is my time machine, so call me Cinderella Man, Cinderella Man, Cinderella Man, Cinderella Man [Eminem] Fuck catchin lightnin he struck it, screamed shut up at thunder Then flipped the world upside-down, and made it rain upward (Cinderella Man, Cinderella Man, Cinderella Man, Cinderella Man) Rewound the future to the present, paused it, don't ask how Fuck the past motherfucker, he's the shit right now He's (Cinderella Man, Cinderella Man, Cinderella Man, Cinderella Man) Cinderella Man, Cinder-fella Shady Dane Came to wrap the game up in cellophane, raise hell from hell he came But didn't come to bore ya with the Cinderella story nor did he come to do the same ol', can't afford to be a lame-o in this day and age and at this stage of the game Mediocrity can no longer be allowed to fly; so say bye to the old, H-I to the new, Que Sera Consider it his last hurrah, the coup de grâce, raise 'em high in the sky, keep 'em up, time to bring the place alive Thanks for being patient I won't make no more mistakes, shit my potato's baked homie, the veggies on my plate can fly My filet is smokin weed, yeah faggot the steaks/stakes are high Shit I ain't even supposed to be here by the grace of God The skin on my teeth and a hair on my nuts I skated by Now y'all are on thin ice with ankle weights, I'd hate to lie How fuckin irritated are you? How much in your face am I? And ain't shit you can do but fear it, Proof is here in spirit and I'm his spittin image, I mirror it when I stand near it Your pussy lyric, I "cunt" hear it Who forms pyramids and raps circles around square lyricists? Who? (Hey) Here's a clue (hey) He came to the ball in his wife-beater, lost his Nike shoe It's in ya ass (hey) he's in ya ass, he's all up in your psyche too (Hey, hey) Now, what's his name? The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Eminem Album: Recovery Song: 25 to Life Typed by: jeebs67@gmail.com [Intro] Too late for the other side Caught in a chase 25 to life Too late for the other side Caught in a chase 25 to life Yeah Too late I cant keep chasing em Taking my life like that Caught in a chase 25 to life [Verse 1] I don't think she understands the sacrifices that I've made Maybe if this bitch had acted right I would've stayed But I've already wasted over half of my life I would've laid Down and died for you I no longer cry for you No more pain bitch you Took me for granted took my heart and ran it straight into the planet Into the dirt I can no longer stand it Now my respect I demand it I'ma take control of this relationship Command it, and I'ma be the boss of you now goddamnit And what I mean is that I will no longer let you control me So you better hear me out this much you owe me I gave up my life for you, totally devoted to you, why I've stayed Faithful all the way this is how I fucking get repaid? Look at how I dress fucking baggy sweats, go to work a mess Always in a rush to get back to you I ain't heard you yet Not even once say you appreciate me I deserve respect I've done my best to give you nothing less than perfectness And I know that if I end this I'll no longer have nothing left But you keep treating me like a staircase its time to fucking step And I won't be coming back so don't hold your fucking breath You know what you've done no need to go in depth I told you, you'd be sorry if I fucking left I'd laugh while you wept How's it feel now, yeah, funny ain't it, you neglected me Did me a favour though my spirit free you've set But a special place for you in my heart I have kept It's unfortunate but it's Too late for the other side Caught in a chase 25 to life Too late for the other side Caught in a chase 25 to life [Verse 2] I feel like when I bend over backwards for you all you do is laugh Cause that ain't good enough you expect me to fold myself in half Till I snap Don't think I'm loyal? All I do is rap I can not moonlight on the side I have no life outside of that Don't I give you enough of my time You don't think so do you Jealous when I spend time with the girls Why I'm married to you still man I don't know But tonight I'm serving you with papers I'm divorcing you Go marry someone else and make em famous And take away there freedom like you did to me Treat em like you don't need em and they ain't worthy of you Feed em the same shit that you made me eat I'm moving on forget you oh, Now I'm special, I ain't feel special when I was with you All I ever felt was this Helplessness Imprisoned by a selfish bitch Chewed me up and spit me out I fell for this so many times It's ridiculous And still I stick with this I'm sick of this but in my sickness and addiction You're addictive as they get Evil as they come vindictive as they make em My friends keep asking me why I cant just walk away from I'm addicted To the pain, the stress, the drama I'm drawn in, shit I guess I'm a mess Cursed and blessed But this time I Aint changing my mind I'm climbing out this abyss You screaming as I walk out that ill be missed But when you spoke of people who meant the most to you You left me off your list Fuck you hip-hop I'm leaving you, my life sentence is served bitch And its just The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Eminem Album: Recovery Song: So Bad Typed by: randeezy_4_cheezy@hotmail.com [Intro] Yeah... Haha..you feel that baby? Yeah, I feel it too.. Damn.. You know..I'm so glad we could spend this time together See, not as crazy as you thought I was am I? Heh... [Verse 1] I'm the American dream! I'm the definition of white trash balling I'm right back on 'em, with the (*scratches*) I can't call it Same shit, different toilet, oh you got a nice ass darlin'! Can't wait to get you into my Benz, take you for a spin What you mean we aint fuckin', you take me for a friend? Let me tell you the whole story of Shady's origin You'll be sorry if you slam my Mercedes door again! Now, it all started with my father I must have got my pimping genes from him, the way he left my mama I'm a rolling stone just like him, word to Johnny Trauma Keep my entourage with me, baby i'll make a promise There aint nobody as bomb as, me I'm as calm as The breeze, I'm the bees knees, his legs and his arms I'm a S-superstar, girl, I'm ready for you mama! Why you think the only thing I got on is my pyjamas? [Chorus x2] I'm so bad I'm so good that I'm so bad I guarantee I'll be the greatest thing you ever had Cause you aint never met nobody like me And you ain't gonna wanna fuck nobody else again [Verse 2] I'm equivalent to a shot of Cuervo, first I kiss your navel Work my way down, baby you can lay down on the table But you may wanna find something more stable I told you I aint fooling from the gate, this aint the first day of april! But thank you for staying April, I'ma make you learn To appreciate me, differentiate me From these phoney, little fishy and sissy fake G's Skip over the huggy-bear and all the kissyface, please Initiate phase three! Missy now service me Take another shot of Jager, shake it so nervously Take your time baby, ooh you're the bomb baby! Ooh you're doing that even better than your mom lady! I told you I'm Shady, you didn't listen now, did you? Relax woman, you know that I'm only kidding with you Got a twisted sense of humour, it's warped, but I didn't hit you I think you're finally starting to get the picture, I'm... [Chorus x2] I'm so bad I'm so good that I'm so bad I guarantee I'll be the greatest thing you ever had Cause you aint never met nobody like me And you aint gonna want no-fucking-body else again [Bridge] Dynamite, dynamite, dynamite, so! Dynamite, dynamite, dynamite, so! I can hold you in the morning But in the evening I gotta go... 'cause I'm on to the next girl And the next girl I kinda like, oh, oh, oh..! [Verse 3] I got you caught up in the rapture Make you recapture the feelings you had for your last boyfriend before he slapped you You never wanted someone so bad you're sweating But if I'm what you wanted, why'd you panic when I grabbed you? Girl don't be so frantic I'm just a hopeless romantic Don't try to fight the feeling of something that's organic You can't ignore it, so don't just stand before it Just drop them panties to the floor, let's get to camcordin' Damn shorty, I told you this was bound to happen Soon as you wrote your number on a napkin I was bound to work a number on your back and Throw your spine out of alignment My love has got you so blinded you couldn't pick Amy Winehouse out of a lineup So stop with the snoring, pick your pint up Let's get the pineapple schnapps going, no one'll knock cause I'ma hang a sign up Saying "Don't Disturb", shorty I'm so superb I say the right things, don't I spit the dopest words? [Chorus x2] I'm so bad I'm so good that I'm so bad I guarantee I'll be the greatest thing you ever had Cause you aint never met nobody like me And you aint gonna want no-fucking-body else again [Bridge] Dynamite, dynamite, dynamite, so! Dynamite, dynamite, dynamite, so! I can hold you in the morning But in the evening I gotta go... 'cause I'm on to the next girl And the next girl I kinda like, oh, oh, oh..! [Chorus x2] I'm so bad I'm so good that I'm so bad I Guarantee I'll be the greatest thing you ever had Cause you aint never met nobody like me And you aint gonna want no-fucking-body else again! [Over the Chorus] Haha... Dr. Dre 2010! Light years ahead of you..haha... Whoo! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Eminem Album:  Recovery Song:   Almost Famous Typed by: jeebs67@gmail.com (Intro) I can almost taste it This shit makes no sense to me What does it all mean I can almost taste it I can almost save it This shit makes no sense to me What does it all mean I can almost taste it (Eminem) Yeah, I can't stop now This maybe be the last chance I get To be famous (Chorus) You dream of trading places I have been changing faces You can not fill these shoes There is too much too lose Wake up behind these trenches You run around defenseless There is too much too lose You can not fill these shoes I just want to be Famous But, Be careful what you wish for (Verse 1) I stuck my dick in this game like a rapist they call me Slim Roethlisberger I go bezerker than a fed-up post-office worker A mark her with a Mossberg I'm pissed off get murdered Like someone took a ketchup squirter squirted a frankfurter For a gangster you sure did shit your pants When you saw the chainsaw get to waving Like a terrible towel I faced her around but his fangs come out Get your brains blown out that's what I call  blowing your mind When I come-back Like nut on your spine I'm a thumb tack That you slept on son Now here I come screaming attack like I just stepped on one Low on the totem till he showed 'em Defiance, giant scrotum He don't owe them bitches shit His britches, he out grow'd em He's so out cold he's knocked out of the South Pole And nobody fucks with him Rigamortis and post-mortem He's dying of boredom Take your best rhymes, record 'em Then try to flaunt 'em He'll just take your punch lines and snort 'em Shit stained drawers You gon fuck with a guy who licks the blades of his chainsaws While he dips 'em in P.F. Chang's sauce Game's up, homie, hang it up like some crank calls You think I'm backing down you must be out of your dang skulls I'm almost famous (Verse 2) I'm back for revenge I lost a battle that ain't happening again I'm at your throat like strep I step, strapped with a pen Metaphors wrote on my hand Some are just stored in my mem-ory Some I wrote on a napkin I do what I have to to win Pullin out all stops, any who touch a mic prior's Not even Austin Powers, how the fuck are they Mike Meyers And tell that psycho to pass the torch To the whacko fore I take a shit in his Jack-O-Lantern And smash it on his porch Now get off my dick Dick's too short a word for my dick Get off my antidisestablishmentarianism, you prick You call me the champ; call me the space shuttle destroyer I just blew up the challenger, matter fact I need a lawyer I just laced my gloves with enough plaster to make a cast  beat his ass naked and peed in his corner like Verne Troyer Y'all are Eminem backwards, you're mini-mes See he's in a whole nother weight class Hes slugs your BB's your bean bag bullets You're full of it; you were just in his CD's Left at Infinite, now he's back like someone pissed in his wheaties No peace treaties, he's turned into a beast His new Slim Shady EP's got the attention of the mighty D. R. E He's almost famous (Verse 3) Now there he goes in Dre's studio cuppin his balls Screaming the wood off the panel and cussing the paint off the walls Spewing his hate to these haters, showing no love for these broads He ain't given them shit, he says he'll pinch a penny so hard He'll leave a bruise on the bronze so dark you can see the mark With the scars, till Abraham Lincoln is screaming out AHH These metaphors and similes ain't similar to them, not at all If they don't like it, they can all get fucked instead of sucking him off They can go get a belt or a neck tie, to hang themselves by Like David Carradine they can go fuck themselves and just die And eat shit while they at it he's fucking had it, he's mad at the whole world So go to hell and build a snowman girl The bullies become bullied, and pussies get pushed Then they better pull me, take me back to 9th grade to school me Cus I ain't looking back, only forward, this whole spot blowing Who coulda known he'd grow to be a poet and not know it And while I'm being poetic let me get historic and raise the bar Higher than my opinion of these winners and lords So bare witness to some biblical shit As a cold wind blowing this world ain't gonna know what hit it He did it, he made it, he's finally famous The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Eminem f/ Rihanna Album: Recovery Song: Love the Way You Lie Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Chorus: Rihanna] Just gonna stand there and watch me burn Well that's alright because I like the way it hurts Just gonna stand there and hear me cry Well that's alright because I love the way you lie I love the way you lie.. [Eminem] I can't tell you what it really is, I can only tell you what it feels like And right now there's a steel knife, in my windpipe I can't breathe but I still fight, while I can fight As long as the wrong feels right, it's like I'm in flight High off her love, drunk from her hate, it's like I'm huffin paint And I love her the more I suffer, I suffocate And right before I'm about to drown, she resuscitates me, she fuckin hates me, and I love it, wait! Where you goin? "I'm leavin you!" No you ain't! Come back, we're runnin right back, here we go a-gain It's so insane, cause when it's goin good it's goin great I'm Superman with the wind at his back, she's Lois Lane But when it's bad it's awful, I feel so ashamed I snapped, who's that dude? I don't even know his name I laid hands on her, I'll never stoop so low again I guess I don't know my own strength [Chorus] + "I love the way you lie" [Eminem] You ever love somebody so much, you can barely breathe when you're wit 'em You meet, and neither one of you, even know what hit 'em Got that warm fuzzy feelin, yeah them chills used to get 'em Now you're gettin fuckin sick of lookin at 'em? You swore you'd never hit 'em - never do nothin to hurt 'em Now you're in each other's face spewin venom in your words when you spit 'em You push, pull each other's hair, scratch, claw, bit 'em Throw 'em down, pin 'em, so lost in them moments when you're in 'em It's the rage that took over, it controls ya both, so they say you're best to go your separate ways, guess that they don't know ya Cause today, that was yesterday, yesterday is over It's a different day, sound like broken records playin over But you promised her, next time you'll show restraint You don't get another chance, life is no Nintendo game But you lied again; now you get to watch her leave out the window Guess that's why they call it window pane/pain [Chorus] + "I love the way you lie" [Eminem] Now I know we said things, did things, that we didn't mean Then we fall back into the same patterns, same routine But your temper's just as bad as mine is, you're the same as me When it comes to love you're just as blinded, baby please come back, it wasn't you, baby it was me Maybe our relationship isn't as crazy as it seems Maybe that's what happens when a tornado meets a volcano All I know is I love you too much, to walk away though Come inside, pick up your bags off the sidewalk Don't you hear sincerity, in my voice when I talk? Told you this is my fault, look me in the eyeball Next time I'm pissed I'll aim my fist, at the drywall Next time, there won't be no next time I apologize even though I know it's lies, I'm tired of the games, I just want her back, I know I'm a liar If she ever tries to fuckin leave again, I'ma tie her to the bed and set this house on fire I'm just gonna [Chorus] + "I love the way you lie" The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Eminem Album: Recovery Song: You're Never Over Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Chorus: Eminem] The days are cold, livin without youuuuu (without youuuuu) The nights are long, I'm growin olderrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr I miss the days of old, thinkin about youuuuu (thinkin about youuuuu) You may be gone, but you're never overrrrrrrrrrr [Eminem] If Proof, could see me now, I know he'd be proud Somewhere in me deep down, there's somethin in me he found That made him believe in me, now no one can beat me now You try it'll be them doors, on Dre's Phantom, believe me clowns That means suicide homie you'll never throw me, off of this course, blow me Bitch I do this all for the sport only But I want it all, I'm not just talkin awards homie And the ball's in my court and it's lonely on top of the world when you're the only one with the balls in your shorts to leave their jaws on the floors with no re- -morse, 'member that when they get to doggin your boy homie So y'all can just get to bloggin about bolog-na I'm not gonna stop the saga continues, no stoppin the force Obi I'm moppin the floors with 'em, I keep tryin to pass it but they keep  on droppin the torch and it won't be, long 'til the sport is O-V- E-R, Just Blaze and me we are knockin them doors and no we ain't pumpkins on Halloween but we'll show up on your porch so be careful what you say, there ain't no punks over here so follow me Through the fog like I'm S-N-double O-P, let me guide you through the smoke G If only I wasn't travellin down this road by my lonely No one who knew me like you will ever know me I don't think you understand how much you meant to me [Interlude] And it don't stop, ohhh And it don't quit, ohhh And it don't stop, ohhh And it don't quit, ohhh And I miss youuuu, ohhh I just miss youuu, ohhh I just miss youuu, ohhh And homie I'll never forget you, noooo [Eminem] For you, I wanna write the sickest rhyme of my life So sick it'll blow up the mic, it'll put the "dyna" in "mite" Yeah, it'll make the dopest MC, wanna jump off a bridge and shit himself Tap dancin all over the beat, it'll jump off the page and spit itself Guess that the best thing I can do right now Doody for you is to rep So I'm gonna fuck 'til I die, yeah I'ma do it to death And instead of mournin your death, I'd rather celebrate your life Elevate to new heights, step on the gas and accelerate, I'ma need two mics Cause the way that I'm feelin to-night, everything I can just do right There's nothin that I could do wrong, I'm too strong and I'm just too hype Just finish the rhyme and bust it - excuse the corny metaphor but they'll never +ketchup+, to all this energy that I've +mustard+ So God just, help me out while I fight through this grievin process Tryin to process this loss is makin me nauseous But this depression ain't takin me hostage, I've been patiently watchin this game pacin these hallways; you had faith in me always Proof you knew I'd come out of this slump, rise from these ashes Come right back on they asses and go Mike Tyson on these bastards And I'ma show 'em, blow 'em out the water, slaughter 'em holmes I'ma own so many belts, only place they can hit me is below 'em Homie I know I'm, never gonna be the same without you I never would've came in this game, I'm goin insane without you Matter fact it was just the other night, had another dream about you You told me to get up, I got up, I spread my wings and I flew You gave me a reason to fight, I was on my way to see you You told me "Naw Doody you're not," layin on that table I knew I was gonna make it, soon as you said "Think of Hailie" I knew There wasn't no way that I was ever gonna leave them babies and Proof Not many are lucky enough to have a guardian angel like you Lord I'm so thankful, please don't think that I don't feel grateful, I do Just grant me the strength that I need, for one more day to get through So homie this is your song, I dedicate this to you I love you Doody [Interlude] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Eminem Album: Recovery Song: Untitled (Hidden Track) Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  {"You don't own me, don't try to change me"} [Eminem] Nah man, I'm not quite finished yet Ha ha, woo! Girl I think you just mighta tried to pull a muh'fuckin fast one, I'm mad You just hurt my goddamn feelin and that was the last one I had Does this look like an arcade? Tryin to play games? See this saw blade? See this silhouette, of a stalker, in your walkway? Better co-operate or get sautéed, and rotisseried, while you're hog-tied MC's get so quiet you can hear a muh'fuckin dog whistle when I walk by Colt Seavers on a mule, stuntin on that ass like the fuckin +Fall Guy+ I don't gas my Mercedes after midnight, I treat it like a Mogwai Cause it will turn into a +Gremlin+ and run over kids, women and men Vrinn-vrinn, motor so big you fit a midgit in his engine Bitch give me them digits, why you cringin? Not by the hair on my chinny-chin-chin will I spend-spend even ten cents on you, since when  do you think it's gonna cost me a pretty penny? Shit, if I think a penny's pretty Just imagine how, beautiful a quarter is to me Eeny-meeny-miney-mo, catch an Eskimo by his toe while he's tryin to roll a snowball But don't make him lose his cool, if he hollers better let him go y'all! Cause {"You don't own me"} Now here we go, go, GOOOOO! [Eminem] Get up baby, get a move on like a U-Haul, you can rack your brain like pool balls You won't ever think of this shit, yeah honey you called? Well here I come, Havoc on the beat I wreak it; evil I see, hear and speak it Lady put your money on Shady, fuck that other weak shit Put your eggs in the same basket, you can count every muh'fuckin chicken 'fore it hatches Cause you can bet your ass that, we gon' get it crackin Like the Kraken in +Titans+ when they +Clashin+, get your brains bashed in so bad you gon' have Kurt Cobain askin to autograph a blood-stained napkin Unfashionable and 'bout as rational as a rash on a fag's asshole Now let's take that line, run it up the flagpole with Elton, see if he's cool with it, don't stand there and look stupid at me bitch, I ain't in the mood for this shit, get my dick, Google it 'til it pops up, y'all are so motherfuckin full of shit that you're stopped up Me I'm always shittin diarrhea of the mouth 'til your speakers crap out - huh, what? Girl you got a hot butt like a lit cigarette {*chk-chigga-ret*} But you won't get a hot fudge sundae from me so do not strut my way slut because [Eminem] And now that I got your panties in a bunch and your bowels in an uproar I'ma show you why I came so you stop askin me what the fuck for Now look you little slut cunt whore, I know you want more Bitch it's time to put the "math" back in the Mathers cause I'm a fuckin (problem) run boy Every flow got it mastered so every last word that you fuckin fags heard comes straight from the fish's ass, yeah in other words I'm a bass-turd Lookin at me like I killed Kenny, gas in the tank, yeah still plenty No morals are instilled in me, so remorse I really don't feel any Eat your heart out Hannibal, understandable why you're jealous, fuck an animal I got cannibal magnetism, can't resist him now can you hoe? "Shady I don't understand your flow," understand my flow? Bitch I flow like Troy Polamalu's hair boy; don't you dare try to follow or compare boy I'm raw, you ain't even medium-rare, stay the fuck out of my hair boy You can look, you can stare, point but you can't touch, I'm too (clairvoyant) I don't get it man, is there a void? All this weak shit, what am I steroids? Well bitch I'm back with some shit for that ass and your trunk, elephant (hemorrhoids) And remember boys [Eminem] Thank you for coming out! Hope you enjoyed the show 'Til next time, haha Peace {*echoes*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Eminem Album: Recovery Song: Ridaz * Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  * iTunes Deluxe Edition bonus track [Intro: Eminem] Aww man, yeah You ever be in the club man, you get in a fight People that you don't even know jump in [Eminem] You feel like you wanna hit somethin, your fist clenches, you're pissed You just wanna get someone with shit, jump on this You're 'bout to get your shit pushed in, I'm just inches away from splittin your shit wide open, no stitches can save You'll die with your eyes open, you hope this isn't the way you end up goin out, but I guess it just is I'm afraid Razors scissors and blades make Jason say "Isn't this great?" On-lookers participate in this ass-kickin debate that's startin to take place in the middle of the street Little did you know there'd be an all-out brawl soon as you heard this beat Emergency personnel rush to the murder scene but it's too late It's absolute pandemonium, whisked away in an ambulance is your fate Nothin nobody told you when you left the house today coulda made you anticipate such an ass-whippin, okay, 'til the anger dissipates You get punched in the face, reciprocate; c'mon! [Chorus: Eminem] So what the deal ridaz? Would you excuse me while I feel my nuts? My balls are feelin a mighty big now I might just have to dig down and pull 'em through my brit-ches I said, so what the deal ridaz? Would you excuse me while I feel my nuts? My balls are feelin a mighty big now I might just have to dig down and pull 'em through my brit-ches [Eminem] You step in the place with enough misplaced anger to catch a case Anxious to get in some shit, got your gangstas all with your ladies You better go get your mase cause Shady said so You may wanna pick up the radio and bang it against your face That's how fuckin lighter you feel, now you still wanna grill? If you don't wanna get the shit beat out of you, chill Cause if you doubt me you will, yeah got me a pill, found me a thrill I got a couple of drinks here, and I'm bound to refill Girl howdy, how do you feel ma? This cocksucker did not spill my drink, oh hell naw! He must be tryin to kill my buzz I will not budge, so what the deal ridaz? Now here they all come and they got your back in like two seconds flat And that's probably a record, yeah, you wasn't expectin that Cause they want in on the act {*glass breaks*} there's a Cognac  bottle, we snuck it in cause the beer that they was servin here was only tap I'm bitin, I fight dirty You might get kicked in the nuts, you're frightened like "This guy might hurt me" You're quite certained he's nuts, I've hit myself in the face harder Play smarter, you may start her over, you need a chainsaw to dig your way out or go powder your nose Pussy the louder you yell the harder I slap the shit outta you hoes You set it off faggot so now how do you 'spose we settle it, hit me in the nose, we'll see how it goes [Eminem] It's sheer hustle, I bob, weave, deflate your beer muscles We're tusslin, the crowd's startin to cheer us and adrenaline's rushin through us just like a geyser gushin Too much Budweiser in my blood, I'm stranglin your windpipe for nothin My signature's ligature marks Look at you all big with your remarks 'til I swing an icepick at your heart At least that's what it feels like when I pick you apart and dig at ya, and break you down like the bitch that you are The predicament starts when I throw a brick at your car The pain inflicted upon you is so sick as Bizarre Shit this is almost ridiculous, addictive as far as havin me wanna rip out your frickin ligaments, AHHH! You hit like a bitch, you scratch me with your nails For that, you catch an open hand slap like a female Like BAP! In fact I'll have the crowd smackin you themselves Where's D12? I don't feel like doin this by myself; c'mon! [Outro: Eminem] Yeah, what the deal? I'm feelin hard as hell right now homie Almost feel, invincible and shit Ay Dre, you got me feelin like I can't be touched right now fool, ha ha I'm unstoppable, damn The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Eminem f/ Slaughterhouse Album: Recovery Song: Session One * Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com * iTunes Deluxe Edition bonus track [Eminem] Ladies and gentlemen, make some noooooise! Ohh shit, yeah Y'all ready to get this shit started or what? Aight, well I brought some friends with me too Now I ain't back just for the sake of just sayin I'm back I could relax but I'd rather stack ammo on tracks Couple Xanax, light a couple wax candles then black out and relapse 'til I yack Jack Daniel's and 'gnac Burp bubbles, attitude's immaturin Double shot of Bacardi, party, vision is blurrin - whoa-oh! I can't see shit, my words get to slurrin, uh-oh! You can call me R. Kelly now, urine/you're in, trouble! What's occurrin befo', after and durin the show has no bearing on the bad news I'm baring, whoa What is it, wordplay? No I'm pushin you out the do' So suck my dick on the couch if you wanna cushion the blow Now stomp your fuckin feet 'til you get to squishin a hoe It's pandemo-nium, standin O when you see him, oh Damn baby you look good, you're givin me wood You should, pull over like a sweat-shirt with a hood Let's network, get our polly on, you and me both Break bread while I'm coppin over this game to pinch a loaf Now homie who's your favorite pain in the ass? Who claims to be spittin the same flames as me? I'm Kanye when he crashed In other words I got the hood on smash like I stepped on the gas Destroyed the front end, deployed the damn airbags from the dash Went through 'em and laughed Came back an hour after the accident and bit a goddamn Jawbreaker in half! So stop fakin the funk and start shakin your ass Slaughterhouse in the house with the Caucasian of rap and Just Blaze on the track, what's the fuck's more amazin than that? Slut, answer me that, Royce where you at? [Royce Da 5'9"] I'm right here Fire Marshall, verbal pair of pliers'll pry apart you Lump on yo' head designed by a bar stool Designed by a cartoon Before I need to be hired, Jimmy I.'ll fire Marshall The 9 tucked against the linin I pull it out and flip your partner upside-down like y'all are a couple 69'in It's like Rick James is shootin up your house nigga! {*rapid gunfire*} FUCK YO' COUCH NIGGA! You're screamin "Fuck the world!" with your middle finger up While I'm over here shovin my dick in a hole in the mud My bitch, know I'm perfectly fit, for murder because I murdered her, so you can call me Nickel to O.J. to Glove I got a Posse of Insane Clowns Blow your brains on your opposite ear, and ask you how your brain sounds Bad, Evil, we go Alfred E. Neuman, +Mad+ cerebral You on your last burrito! (What that mean Nickel?) It's a wrap if you eatin Get a beat then terrorize that bitch like I'm Middle Eastern Slaughterhouse on FIRE, nobody touchin that Good day and good night, Ortiz yo where the FUCK you at? [Joell Ortiz] I'm right here in my Nike Airs, Buzz Light-years  ahead of my mic peers, quite scary to look at a +Nightmare+ Where my book at? I write fear in the heart of you tight squares I harbor the art, of you nice wear It's type weird cause that made me hotter than my dear Uncle Al's breath after polishin off his ninth beer Homie chill, listen, I swear I'm God, I give tracks a Holy-feel, and they bite ears I'm right here, why wouldn't I be? Just waitin to be hooked to IV as Mumm-Ra's well when you look at my pee And this joint, no exception, so just point a direction And record the pig's oink when I rip his intestines This isn't just an infection This won't go away with penicillin injections Millions of questions arose after they did an inspection, what I exhibit seems to be non-contagious yet anybody can get it Aw shiddit, I did it again, when I liddift this pen I emitted this phlegm, this time it's alongside Emiddinem So tell a friend to tell a friend write a disgustin hook Jump in shark water and swim, yo where the fuck is Crook? [Crooked I] I'm right here lettin the shotty pop, quick as a karate chop Get your body shot, get your top chopped, like a lollipop Call it Maserati drop, in the body shop Get your mommy knocked, and your Uncle Tommy molli-wopped I take your life to the ninth inning A knife in the gunfight, I love it, me and my knife winnin I laugh when you fall, the shit'll be funny I'll buy my bitch a new ass and watch her sit on my money Man, all the bitches holla - they wanna drop my britches then jaw on my dick and swallow, leave drawers in this Impala I ball like Iguodala, I bear more arms than six koalas As soon as I draw, get sent to Allah Bilinguist don, I kill with the tongue, I'm Atilla the Hun I'm Genghis Khan, I'm a genius spawn I pillage your village for fun, an egregious con A syllable gun, real as they come, Long Beach Saddam! Slaughterhouse equals swine flu, are South flyin We do it to try to do without tryin (Slaughterhouse!) Cause to it's us it's so easy Where's, Jumpoff Joe Beezy? The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist:	D-12 f/ Bugz Album:	The Underground EP Song:	6 Reasons Typed by: jadakiss143@hotmail.com * * send corrections to the typist [Proof] You wish that you could bear me black D12 standing back No planning that Def methods, we got a hand in that Whoever run this shit You get a jammed knee cap Make the healthy get sick And your fam handicapped You a fan of rap My clan attack Your school, home, your bitch house Pull my nine milli You gon' die with your fist out Him an his It's over with Venom is this cobra spit Agressive dialect with agressive Sober bitch My bionic fires demonish atlonics Demonic is tainted chronic Impossible to hold down like vomit Mics I palm it You stay to bomb it Like tourists that's Islamic I enter your atmosphere like a comet The new god of rap Call me nigga Thor Snap your back When I slap your ass in a figure four From miles around they can feel it's lethal I make hardcore groups like Wu Tang Look like the Village People (fags) No sequel The general let the senistal Abort your mind state and kill your inner child [Bizarre] It's been a while Since you bitch niggas heard of me Cuz the last six months I been doing R&B But now I'm on some sick shit Niggas better duck quick You don't know who you're fucking with I'll leave you niggas breathless Seeing me and Bugz rolling in the blue hummer You a bitch, scared to shoot like Lindsay Hunter Don't need to be a father Cuz I'm just to illmatic I'll probably poison my kids Like flowers in the alley Fuck your anorexic neglects it Fuck a Lexus I'm doing drivebys on XXX BMX's [Bugz] I know a girl who said she's prio And her sign is a Leo Bugzy fucked her in a Regal And then she took me to my P.O. Fuck rollin' ceelo I'm down to a c-note Lost a g' rollin' dice at that punk ass casino But fuck it (shit) cuz when times get bad See me and drag with the mags On unsuspecting fags (bitch) I gotta shoot Bitch you got the boot And hurry up with it I'm trying to catch this prostitute (I got ten) [Kuniva] I'm the nigga that spotted ya Spit something hot at ya Rip your Nautica Saw you backstage and shot at ya And kill subliminally You can go on And spin your group name 25 times in one song I'll still write about you Hip hop is better off without you Blowing niggas outta they bathrobes And funky house shoes For the hell of it I fuck Missy Elliott Don't give a fuck if her belly gets In my way, I'm still nailing it Got this verbal tech nine Spitting at you for telling shit Get this dead body off the mic I'm fuckin smelling it [Kon Artis] Fuck it Let's have a scrub out Fuck around with us and see what happen We all got them guns blappin Got y'all niggas back tracking Ya, we dump bodies in seashores Busting DJs over they backs with keyboards Turn up my levels Your crew is fruitier than pebbles Changin you razor back MCs to running trebles Bust up Kon Artis, quick to smack your slut up Keep a pack of rubbers Just in case I gotta nutt up Brigade style hold 'em out down That's how it's meant to be You kick the same shit Your whole tape sound like a symphony Don't say shit to me It's DP carry your daughter Talking bitches outta they panties Dollars and last quarters Like that horsemen I'll leave your whack crowns hutless Watch Defarius come to my show And leave dreadless Whoever said this slash rapper and producer Wouldn't make your head twist Guard your grill and your necklace I got 6 reasons why we keep shit coming Dirty Dozen left niggas running for cover Hiding behind your lovers Skirting off peeling rubber As we shout "DON'T FUCK WITH DIRTY DOZEN" 6 reasons why keep shit coming Dirty Dozen left niggas running for cover Hiding behind your lovers Skirting off peeling rubber As we shout "DON'T FUCK WITH DIRTY DOZEN" I got 6 reasons why we keep shit coming Dirty Dozen left niggas running for cover Hiding behind your lovers Skirting off peeling rubber As we shout "DON'T FUCK WITH DIRTY DOZEN" Yeah yeah bitch (what what) We'll bring it to your crew We'll bring it to your crew Any of y'all Die bitch Don't fuck with Dirty Dozen Dirty Dozen Bugz Proof Bizarre Don't fuck with Dirty Dozen Da Brigade bitch DJ Head Don't fuck with Dirty Dozen The saga starts right now If you ain't down with us from this day on Then fuck you The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist:	D-12 f/ Bugz Album:	The Underground EP Song:	Art of War Typed by: jadakiss143@hotmail.com * * send corrections to the typist [Proof] Tired of niggas rapping the same Talking the same, ya, hah Living in the same place What style is Proof gonna do this time? Ya really wanna know, huh? What is he gonna do? You got niggas who said, "I'm out, I'm out the door this year" Fuck, all them niggas Fuck *Einstein* Nigga said me and Bizarre hate each other Fuck you Fuck Low Key Fuck that nigga Talking 'bout he battled me and beat me Fuck you And when I see you on the streets I'm in your grill Ya know what I'm saying? Listen By the age of aquarius My mind state was gregarious Various opponents whose stature was hilarious Like you Throwing fairy dust Then frowning hard on whack chorus Proof was on the scene before Nat Morris Cold as a black forest in these starving streets A garbage heap that was brought Stars could eat The nerve of haters Diss us perging gators So I spit venom at you through your serve in vegas The primitive fool again None can match that Blast at your rib cage Making your spine hatch back You lack fat tactics And thoughts of Dexatrim Whippin' my dick out on nuns If they say sex is sin Next to Slim I'm Shady as a Tetris win Dirty Dozen solo are respected men Get known for craft Irritate me like infected skin The future ain't lookin' the same Like a neglected twin Some test the scary That's unnecessary To kill your crew, family, your friends Your tech can carry Knock your paws off sync Left you flat like a soft drink Got more styles than Diana Ross swing Zone like Rick James when he smoke crack You and Charli Baltimore Got something in common Y'all both whack Proof the king P-I-N If I ain't the best this year The motherfucker be my twin [Bizarre] Who's the bitch ass nigga That's mentioning my name? No one to blame I just cock back your name None of y'all bitch ass niggas wanna test Cuz five minutes or less I'll be at your assets You're just a bitch And I wanna test you And the niggas you was with They already left you So duck down cuz Bizarre Kid's comin' here Shootin' at you and your peers And cousins you ain't seen in years Hope you believe in God Cuz nigga you better pray Pull your kids from the window And duck from this AK And already done called the Proof and Denaun And even if I want to I can't change my nigga's lines Cuz you on the shit list These bullets are relentless And ain't no way in hell that you avoidin' this Ain't no apologies Yo I see your number on my caller ID Bitch, stop callin' me Fuck the truce Nigga I pull the deuce deuce And my niggas go wild Like a bunch of rats that got loose I'm comin' for you nigga So hide behind your door Cuz all my niggas believe in the Art Of War Chorus (x4) What you startin' for? Is you on for war? Trife assassins Bringing you the art of war [Kuniva] Straight wylin' Burying bodies right on top of each other So when somebody ask I just say you under the weather (Killer Eel) No matter what the problem Revolvers can solve 'em Keep a nigga breathless The tech whips regardless Heartless Walking you punks right to the edge of darkness We're way beyond that When I pull me out a cartridge I bank shots Wettin' up your white tank top While my nigga Bugz is stickin' up Your nearest gang spot Just another scarred liar retired We make niggas pass out like fliers Flossin' my teeth with barbed wire Leavin' a bloody mess Then harass kids And buy 'em a candy bar So they can tell me where you live [Kon Artis] Highly dangerous Spraining my wrist Lickin' off this black tech With my eyes flossed bitch Look up the Art of War In the ghetto dictionary And see Bizarre holding your kids Hostage for their Crunch Berries My pump stay hot Coat stomachs like Malox Run away spots Setting it off with the guns that Dre got Ghetto séance But ass backwards Fuck bringing you back to life Nigga we putting you in your caskets Running off with the mop like you got somethin' But in my mind I'm thinking Blast soon as I spot somethin' And when you fall I know damn well I done shot somethin' And I'm cleaning your brains Off my windshield for frontin' D-12 is Your local weed sellers Throwing pipe bombs in your church To kill your elders The men on bitches like tracks You notice these Banging clits and ovaries Till they drop the sheets Niggas'll die from these Blows we inflict You supposed to be in some shit Cuz you the underdog bitch Chorus (x2) [Bugz] Bugz'll murder you In less than a word or two Bring the art of war to your door Call me Sonny Zoo Nigga don't be mad cuz your broad is a trick Always dialing 976-need-a-dick (bitch) Niggas like you I'm known to smack, stab, and spit on Kick at, hit on, you hear me bitch? It's still on Calling through my crib Like your bout it with your shouts Ain't you the same nigga Who was crying on his couch Apologize on site boy If you like your life boy (Yo Bugz, leave that nigga alone You know he just a white boy) Fuck that I smack him off the wheels And take his bleel Or bought a royal mope And destroy him with my steal You pussy ass How you figure it will linger Take your bitch on Jenny Jones Then beat your ass on Jerry Springer Don't fuck with it Or get your head split and mouth bruised That's a promise Fuck *Hal Shoes* Chorus 'til fade The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist:	D-12 Album:	The Underground EP Song:	Derelict Theme Typed by: jadakiss143@hotmail.com * * send corrections to the typist [Kon Artis] I damage your neck With the butt of the tech Vandalous sex Cuttin' you ear to ear With the razor of my Gillette You couldn't get respect If you was a captain or a cadet Granddaddy, daddy, or uncle who's a Vietnam vet I'll battle you 50 deep Solo artist shocker dead beat Derelicts on the loose Wylin' like thugs outta prison with slugs While y'all start screaming Like grasses in a submission (Lay down your pot to piss in) Blow up the house you live in Believe me, we greedy And often you is easy Your whole album cheesy Because you got platinum artists on it Don't make it hot We steamroll with real niggas And that's something that you not I'm vampin what you got Then setting up camp at your spot Foiling your plot Every rhyme that you jot I rock to the six like musty twat A dead corpses that been cut up And left in abandoned lots Ya, derelicts theme Comparing your team To ours is a fucked up dream The shit I done seen Has turned me to a scandalous fiend Sticking your peeps for cream Gators or boots, nigga, I'm crushing your dreams As foul as it seems Dismantling spleens til your whole clique's Walking funny like handicapped juggling teams I rumble with kings More humble with seen Until it's time for me to kill again Sincerely yours, the Kon Artis Ay yo Competition of none's such Derelicts the one must Let the guns bust Brigade one trust Untouched Martyr a mic Slaughter your life Runnin avenue soldiers bitch It's water and trife Competition ain't none such Derelicts the one must Let the guns bust It's Brigade one trust Untouched Martyr a mic Slaughter your life Runnin' avenue soldiers bitch Smarter and trife [Bizarre] Who's the fat bastard Rapping that mo' master Snorting coke that's whiter than Casper Better run faster I can out-smoke all of you motherfuckers And bitch I was born with asthma Fuck life, I'd rather track Jack Daniels Smoke weed and rape Cockerspaniels A peeping Tom, nigga I need Ridalin Fuck girls Bitch I only date senior citizens Your grandma, nigga I'm the one that vic'd her Next time you rush me You better be a little bit quicker Run your streets in the house And make full of malt liquor I'm lettin' you throw the first blow And bring ten of your toughest niggas End ya year Like the last day of December (But did you rape that bitch?) I was so drunk I can't remember I used to be in a group We had an argument who was the hottest Now both them niggas is dead And I roll as a solo artist Chorus [Kuniva] Look bitch you stressed out I divide these bullets equally among your crew And give you five so you don't feel left out Like red the hammer I'm nailing niggas in they spleens Just to make walking again a sympathetic dream Energetic schemes Rap vandal and dismantle Tackle MC's and wax you Like your rap name was Candle Grabbing a mic with no handles Leaving you dusty Like walking the desert in old sandals If you weeded or drunk Keep your heat in your trunk We beat you to lumps Swell you up with permanent mumps We dangerous playa Cuffin' my chews Spittin the phlegm out Getting at you whether you coming out Or you been out You never exempt From this murderous attempt I'm telling you pimp Undeniably you are a loss Invincible, why you trying to be a mind boss If the Kon Artis say it then it's done With or without a gun Eat a track and spit out a drum Bust one Trust none Playing the game of death Take your last breath Til your last name is left Chorus The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist:	D-12 f/ Eminem, Eye Kyu Album:	The Underground EP Song:	Chance to Advance Typed by: jadakiss143@hotmail.com * * send corrections to the typist [Proof] Pah pow Straight off the coral Now the Dirtiest street vet from the Mile Incest without the Texas six-shooter Body-bullet polluter Perverted intruder Now who the fuck wanna buck with the disease That's diss eased I got a bitch named trigger My main squeeze will make your brain freeze Dirty D. is dope like cane trees [Eye Kyu] Remain eased Maintain chill status with no pause Hug slugs hit your cabbage And turn your dome to cold slaw My only thought of survival before my arrival I'm jumpin' out on niggas like I'm 5-0 Smack 'em up like a pack o' trifle and fly hoes Any opportunity to mangle I never pass up Fuckin' your clique with broomsticks Face down ass up Dirty Dozen packin' the shit To turn your chest red With that dick in your mouth Fuckin' everything you just said [Eminem] Yeah yeah bitch Comin' to a block near you is Dirty Dozen Nasty like a stank slut bitch with 30 husbands When I was five I was already fuckin' And playin' X-Rated cassettes With Teddy Ruxpin I used to walk up and down the block cussin' Locked in youth homes at 6 for glock bustin' I grew up with knot ballers Who got dollars Shot collars with guns and rottweilers [Bizarre] By any means necessary I'm on a killing spree It's the devil in me Intoxicated with wild Hennessy Beware life ain't fair and I don't care Cher braids my hair While her kids are in day care Two blunts and I'm out for lunch Your worse than I'm a sugar pie honey bunch Diss Bizarre Kid, that ain't the answer You're more uncomfortable than an anorexic cat With fuckin' cancer Here's your chance to advance Get in your stance I shoot the holster off your cowboy pants Here's your chance to advance Get in your stance I shoot the holster off your cowboy pants Here's your chance to advance Get in your stance I shoot the holster off your cowboy pants Here's your chance to advance Get in your stance I shoot the holster off your cowboy pants [Bizarre] Locked in the studio boy I don't wanna mingle Smokin' LSD workin' on Lou Roff's new single Who's the big guy that's quick like Sugar Ray Fuck cow gods bitch Bizarre might take you away Give up the pussy cuz I know you a freak Replacin' your hamster in a week Cuz my crew's gots to eat Eight reppin' anorexic girls Who might eat up cock (Hold up Bizarre you're takin' that shit too far) But I can't stop cuz my will ain't there [Eminem] Twist 'em up And dump that bitch in Lake Sinclair Your mistakes ain't rare Your rap style annoys You rhyme like a bitch Plus I can't stand your voice Bitch you suck, you whack as fuck Eat a dick, you need a brick upside your dome We be the clique runnin' you down in carloads Leavin' you smashed on tar roads Flat line like bar codes [Eye-Kyu] Put up your guard hoes I'm blazing heat the way we speak Not even Nike could cover these amazing feats Burning rappers eternally Internally and externally For half steppin' like one-legged fraternities Quick draw McGraw B.K.A. Eye-kyu Puttin' something inside you Leavin' holes that I see right through For anyone obstructing my view My order of attack These slugs to your chest That'll blow your heart out your back Makin' sure you get fed with a whole lotta led Then throw you off of the Ambassador Bridge And scream "DROP DEAD" [Proof] Largely I'm out to stack equations Without a tax evasion With mossy that's amazin' All the same like black and asian My pack evasion attack a stage and Roll plush like a Cadillac I wish your fleet would Try to battle rap Would make a man bleed Like a cattle pack stampede Frontin' cosign my hands bleed Think they recognize like Sam Sneed My drug ain't dispose ya Fold ya couldn't (*BLAM*) Another classic closure The death master out to blast ya My team run shit from the deep East Side Down to Lasher Past the - norm My group swarm Molest the children of the corn Dirty D til infinity now bring it on Here's your chance to advance Get in your stance I shoot the holster off your cowboy pants Here's your chance to advance Get in your stance I shoot the holster off your cowboy pants Bitch Here's your chance to advance Get in your stance I shoot the holster off your cowboy pants You motherfuckers can die Aiiyo, I shake the world yes yes, yes yes The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: D-12 f/ Bugz Album: The Underground EP Song: Activity as Phuctivity Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash, eazy-e@yesbox.net (Check it out.. ah, haha) Aww, yeah! This is my shit fo' real (Ahhhhhhhhhh-AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH-RAHHH!) It's gonna be off the hook! (That was dope, that's right) Peep this out (Dirty Doezn) Kon Artis nigga, yo yo [Kon Artis] The Kon Artis - born liar; lie to your pops and moms Tell 'em I'm a good kid, Catholic raised Knowin I went to public school and squares got blazed Even weed when I got ahold too and YEAH bitch I did do it Steal cars I've been through it - done that Play buddy buddy and rob ya like nigga run that; bum cat And bone hood rats - 'til they bleed on my floor mat Nasty nigga, make YOU believe that I'm a classy nigga But I'm far from that, average Joe that you know Use people for shields at shootouts that I started, cold-hearted Runnin reckless, peep out your shorty 'til my neck twistin An infectionist, poisonous bug we all drugged Showed your daddy love or slugs; could have tortured him Told me that he didn't wanna die, we still forced him Thought his peeps had his back, when we brawled they fled Now he layin dead with his chicked head like Dodi Fayed Come to battle us with yo' heat and stabbed, nabbed and gagged Jabbed and dragged and thrown inside of a bag Your fans been had, bamboozled, run 'em up But you loosing credibility the minute Dozen'll up So FUCK that stank bitch with the saggy-ass titties  And FUCK all the niggaz that don't represent our city And FUCK 'JLB, they don't play none of my shit  FUCK all them niggaz that be suckin our dicks [Kuniva] I'm sicker than tuburculosis; pack a cannon with a focus that's killin all the players and the coaches Embarass you in front of company like dirty roaches Approach this and get served - the situation, hopeless Quote this - jot it down cause Kuniva wrote this The wild animal rhyme culprit, ferocious Close (?), nigga walkin behind you with a dosage of terrifyin tales that be stompin small soldiers The Grim Reaper dipped in all black like Folgers Packin four heaters and carryin five holsters Suppose if, I was to let you put up all your posters Let everybody think you was the dopest (HELL NAW!) I'd rather strike you quicker then the cobra, box you up and sold ya Take you underwater and hold you until it's over I told you once you dumb dummies with a blunt that be pullin off the dope fiend stunt-of-the-month Get yo' ass kicked quicker then punts, I'm sick of you punks Cock it back now I'm upset, yo' nigga's next I'm blowin smoke outta ya chest when it connects Creepin like insects then ridin with ten Tecs Ahh FUCK any DJ that don't play Bizarre's shit  FUCK your sister I don't like her she don't suck dick Ahh FUCK that nigga that talked shit to my crew  And yo FUCK all y'all niggaz that say, "I don't like you!" [Bugz] I'm a brand named guy who loves to stay high Got a ten inch dick and the gun the same size A bitch named bitch who's thick with grey eyes Who loves to suck dick and get hit by eight guys It's Bugz bitch - who the fuck you thunk it was? Gettin drunk with drunken thug too fuckin numb to feel the buzz Unnnggggghhhh - yeah, y'all niggaz know the image No gimmicks, no timids, no manners, and No Limits This time, bitch, I'm goin all out Whippin the fo' out, like get the dough out, YEAH! I miss crime - sick individual, ask my peers in middle school If you walk my way home gettin robbed is like a ritual Lyrical giant, tyrant who lies habitual Just to get you to do what I want; yeah, and bitch you will Sit you still, tie you up, begin to ill And swoll your fuckin face up with some shit that you can feel Okay FUCK all you niggaz that say Dirty Dozen's dead  FUCKIN yo' new wife in yo' brand new bed Yo FUCK yo' chickenhead, she suck dick anyway  And fuck anybody that say crime don't pay [Proof] Heard enough garbage, to make a Glad bust Ad-just my Magnum; beef I had enough Snuff the sweetest MC in this camp tribe rivalry To be as live as me keep 'em quiet like a library (SHHHH!) My rhymes are virgin tight and un-fuck-with-able You find the mic suckable.. Without chicked pox untouchable - peep my adjusted Ain't to be tested, touch the globe whip through yo' domestic Majestic warrior the rap to win, apprehend and slap a chin of the aggressor, think that they fresher Wanted conquest holdin down the one-sided contest That explosive rappin nigga the fans wear a bomb vest Style be a eloquent, a fellow pimp to many with clips Fuck plenty get knicks and be in skinny with zits I'm the shhhhhhh sure shot that rocks Like 'caine in a crack pot - I thinks it's best y'all act right I'll confirm your death lest the morgue cons D-12 is blowin up, like the Fort (?) I whisper fairwell to granny right before I push her down the stairwell and I'm sendin her care mail Like get well you old hag I'll bring the pain like a blow fag staplin his gonads to his socks, doin jumpin jacks Once we put you down bitch there ain't no comin back Remember that [Bizarre] It's the big guy, quick to get on you Battle? I'll be glad to shit on you You against my crew we'll see who get destroyed Fuck I'll let you bring bats and brawl some of my boys Shady ass nigga whether drunk or sober "Bizarre - that was my demo tape you just recorded over!" I don't give a damn bitch; I'm just too ill Gimme ten pills - dive in a crowd like Lambeau Field Like bitches ask; now they can drain it Think of the illest line you know and I bet you I already said it Just forget it, cause you niggaz is fuckin pathetic Pop shit - all y'all niggaz go and get it! Beat yo' ass, hang you with this fuckin mic cord Fuck the Source; they quote my raps in Billboard Suck my dick while I laugh like it's funny And drive off while she yell - where's my money?! FUCK anybody got beef with D-12  Aiyyo FUCK all y'all mommas, they pussies smell FUCK anybody that wanna bring the beef  Aiyyo FUCK all y'all hoes that say my feet stink Yo FUCK them niggaz that don't give us radio play  Aiyyo FUCK takin a bath, I don't wash anyways FUCK anybody tryin to be on our team  And yo fuck all y'all niggaz with them weak-ass dreams FUCK all them niggaz watchin videos to be rappers that they're not cause they can't rock the fuckin spot  Aiyyo FUCK all you niggaz with them dirty-ass shoes  Come in the club like you're dope and you singin the blues FUCK anybody tryin to kiss our ass  Fuck all y'all niggaz that won't cut my grass Ay FUCK all them niggaz that ain't gettin no money  Aiyyo FUCK all y'all hoes that won't let me stick your honey FUCK all the girls that ain't givin up the sex  Aiyyo FUCK all you niggaz and I'm askin, "Who's next?" FUCK anybody wanna battle my crew  Aiyyo FUCK FUCK YOU, FUCK FUCK FUCK YOU! FUCK anybody tryin get down with 'nani  Ay FUCK all y'all niggaz sayin you can't feel my mommy Fuck your mommy, fuck your daddy FUCK your grandma, and FUCK his caddy And FUCK your people, FUCK everybody FUCK his girlfriend, FUCK John Gotti FUCK the Mafia, FUCK all that FUCK New York, aiyyo FUCK Detriot Fuck New Jersy, Fuck California (Ahhhhhhhhh-AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH-FUCK!) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: D-12 Album: The Underground EP Song: Filthy Typed by: eazy-e@yesbox.net, OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Fucks fat ass {*cough*} nasty dirty niggaz, uhhh FILTH, shit! Fuckin filth! Yeahh LA LA LA, la la la la, la LA! [Proof] Aiyyo - my style bust holes in the earth, crush the crust by the dirtiest, heathen specialize in stoppin breathin My legion'll bleed man - what do you believe in? (Heaven and Hell) Make your grill swell, it ain't hard to tell I work spells, all wicked like Gargamel Put (?) hand first, the red bursts another victim [Bizarre] Nah man, let the morgue pick 'em [Eminem] Cancel the hash shit, I'm fillin my glands full of acid Two hands full of ass dancin with Angela Bassett Make plans for the casket, your head lands in a basket A dead man's in the plastic, I got red hands and the mask fits (Yeahhh Em) Fuckin rap pervert, I serve dirt My sick thoughts get all mixed up like rainbow sherbert Get every nerve hurt - spot a mic and walk toward it My whole click'll beat yo' fuckin ass and camcord it [Bizarre] Somebody hide me, too many hoes on my dick Smoked all your "Hay," who wants to start the Crucial Conflict? I'm the big daddy smokin blunts in Cali Ill enough to do a driveby on a stay in school rally Stop stop knockin cause ain't nobody there Hoes with AIDS - I still fuck BARE! Cause I, I just don't care Ill enough to fuck up, all yo' dental care When Bizarre kid comes through, you better yell mayday While you was havin "Good Times," I +dyno-mite+ Kujo and J.J. [Kon Artis] HAHA, yeah yeah bitch! I get helmet from stank crackheads And read my kids horror stories when I lay 'em to bed Ridin bikes butt-naked, gettin frisked by policemen FUCK Christmas - this is take your gift season Beatin kids up for no reason, take lunch boxes and all  Gettin high off mushrooms and play, "A Friendly Game of Dodgeball" BITCH! YEAH! Aiyyo.. [repeat to fade] You're battlin the Dirty Dozen, that don't pay You god damn right punk, stay outta my way The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: D-12 f/ Bugz Album: Underground EP Song: Fuck Battlin Typed by: eazy-e@yesbox.net, OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Ha ha, ha ha, yeah yeah! Dirty Dozen! Detroit City (Detroit Michigan) What (What) [Bugz] You won't last long like weed in brass bongs Just another fag blowin some sad bitch-ass songs I shine sober, cause Bugz is a soldier Beat that ass like Roy Jones if ya bite I'm pissin(?)cola Doin the randisco at a disco with a big ho Bought the stupid bitch from Sisqo now she won't let my dick go Bugz a stupid nigga, take a shower with my pistol Walk up in your (?) and pistol ripped you It's simple, see I'm from the D like Eric Hippo Sick son of a bitch, robbin a nigga and his kinfolk Got my gun on my hip, some in the clip, one in the chamber It's danger, fuckin with this super powered stranger Fuck a battle - we brought knives, niggaz and guns Beat yo' ass and run, tryin to catch a case for fun Bustin at the po'-po' high off weed speed and cocoa (yeah!) Pumpin Makaveli, heavy handed with my fo'-fo' [Proof] Bomb like Saddam, split America in two Then wrap all around your head like Erykah Badu My issues, misuse, human anatomy Tearin your flesh, and you muscle tissues Knock 'em out his shoes, then check 'em in And stand firm hold my nuts waitin on yo' second wind The nine shot (put Denaun out!) Punch you in your navel and rip your spine out Talkin bout you run this shit when you ain't got no legs Plus you all booty like Jennifer Lopez D-12 (?), work these Scratch the skin off your back like fur theives Grab your throat like a nurse squeeze, make the earth freeze Stick you for a lifetime - like herpes Challenge Evil Kanivel, (?) jumpin in a Regal Challenge Officer Riggs, and be in "Lethal" Challengin fiends to stealin aluminum sidin Challenge Eminem smokin dope, while hang glidin Challengin hickville honkies, to a square dance And climb up Everest blindfolded with my bare hands Aint no fair chance Dirty Dozen run the D Anybody want beef then, come to me [Chorus: repeat 2X] Fuck battlin, we on some gang shit Duck quick, cause you niggaz might get hit United we stand, united we fall I swear to God, Dirty Dozen we gonna kill all y'all [Bizarre] 10 seconds, kiss yo' ass good riddance (It's a BOMB!) Told y'all niggaz I wasn't bullshittin We could fight like a kung-fu flick, choose your weapon Shake hands, knock yo' ass out in 10 seconds Bizarre needs a counselor I done shitted on so many MC's, (?) should be my sponsor Have Prince rob ya for your "Diamonds and Pearls" While I'm in the next room, havin my way with your girl I swear, I kill any MC up in here My niggaz pop so many guns, you swear it was New Year's They're gon' need an ambulance when I finish battlin you Pop shit? My gang's on Runyan Avenue You niggaz ain't crooks, plus you all shook Have you mom suck my cock while I read Playboy books I aint sayin I'm the illest MC But ask ten outta ten niggaz, and the ten gon' say me [Chorus] - 1/2 [Kon Artis] Bitch, what? Uh-huh, yeah Yo, shuttup, yeah (?) walker, ass gripper and shit talker Got a love for +dyno-mite+ like Jim Walker Jim Beam, and have you missin like Jim Hoffa Coughin I'll be splittin your throat for thinkin of talkin Love beef, that's why half the click don't even walk in No love for hoes but shit, I fucks 'em often May as well give 'em the dick, shit on 'em And when they ask why I ain't called 'em I just tell 'em I'm sick Same shit I tell every chickenhead that I bone They don't believe it, but they know I got a fetish for chrome Pushin cats in wheelchairs down flights of stairs Startin fights with chairs (somebody died!!) like we care Invitin bitches to go hikin with me, up a mountain Throw 'em off and tell their moms she died from skinnydippin in the fountain Mr. Porter stay live on wax While you throw records into crowds just to say you have a hit track [Kuniva] I'm the alcoholic bringin catastrophe to others Make you C-Murder like Master P's little brother Flatterin punks, shatterin junk, get your cavity lumped with the force of a rim-shatterin dunk Now you wanna be "Thuggish Ruggish" so I'ma let a slug hit And call you Broken Bone, and if you got a crew I'ma name 'em all after you Fractured Bone, Neck Bone and Funny Bone You can't flash when all your money's gone I'll give you a thirty minute head start, fuck that I'll even wait 'til it's dark and hunt you down - swing an axe and watch how many dumb thoughts leak out when your head parts Fuck yo' automobile to me it's just a red car Runyan Ave. gon' run yo' ass clean out of existance In an instant, I'll fire persistant, shots consistant Terrorist terrorizin your block See all these niggaz when I step in the club, I'm bringin them And any nigga lookin too hard, we Rodney King'n 'em Malice Greene'n 'em, and gasoline'n them with premium Light a cigarette flick at him and spit it at him Hold up a picture of his family and kick it at him Boxin without gloves, deeper then glee clubs While you stand in tha back and look mean like E-Luv Can't no other crew stand us Put my hands on you quicker than a nigga playin two hand touch Yo Kuniva in the ruggedest, hop in the truck and hit everybody on your block, jump out and cut a bitch Another fuck I gotta put a stain on In the middle of the street screamin bring the pain on The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: D-12 f/ Bugz Album: The Underground EP Song: Cock and Squeeze Typed by: UpToWNKiLLa181@aol.com * * send corrections to the typist Yeah, y'all faggots.. (Hear me? Yeah.. ready set.. then take shit) Y'all, the fuck? Who wanna battle, what? None of y'all, do you? (no) Dirty Dozen, Outsidaz (what?) bitch Who wanna battle? [Bugz ?] Gimmie some hash, and when I trip nigga gimmie your mass Then after that lend me your mag and gimmie yo' cash That precious pen you call the life, I put it in too fast Get in your ass if you unhappily leave Eagle Man (yeah) You wanna see through glass, don't pay much to breeze through class (bitch) You broke as fuck and on the bus because your evil smash This shit is lethal fast, battle me, I keep you mad Put you in a sleeper drag, your ass to the reepers pad Either blast, or feel the wrath of my heater lad Lyric punches makin meters blast, turn your speaker out Rear, club, or anywhere where there's people at They love my day, couldn't care where they leave's you at Your girl's a rat, tell that hoe I'm not gon' beep her back Don't need her glock, got too many other neater rats Who heater fat? I bet your gat ain't fuckin wit my gat I'm on the lyrics, sayin the vocals that you almost clap (clap clap) Don't clap, you mo' wack than a cold sack You showin that when you blow, that's a known fact Clone rap, suck a MC broad, need to pick another fued What? And find you a job, or either go out and rob because rappin ain'tcha function, you outta place like a two of hearts and two of diamond in a game of spades While my inovative ways, shootcha lyrics to a blaze Put a grimace on your grade, I'ma guiness on the page The history, puttin, suckin niggaz out they misery It's not a mystery, my victorys are bodacious (hah) It wouldn't matter if the judge is racist And I was battlin your aces in your bitches basement I'm unfuck-witable, thats literal, face it, the general The sisters of a senate-al, holdin on my genetals Right before I send the blows, down to earth like minerals Even after centerfolds (grr arf!) the videos, my evil goes incognito hoes, I'ma skitle bros, Meena biter I hope you niggaz catch a case of arthrit-ah You ain't no riders, and still don't even have a slider I D her when you need me, we gon' burst in into fighters (yeah, yeah bitch!) You motherfuckin tighter Cock, and, squeeze, bust, Dirty Dozen, don't fuck wit us Detriot niggaz roll deep, hoe heat, and fuck Slick Yeah, yeah bitch - stay off my dick! [Kon Artis] That's the time that you up and cuttin you wit a knife The situan, the alcohol bath for the night Then watch the strugglin, you squeal for your life (uh-huh) Dump a radio bumpin your demo in the bath wit the light That's what I take from you, meet you and fake humble Attack your foundation until it crumble So me and my dawg be on stumble Come off 'gnac but stayin in the right mind It's the blazin track and we're back, for fake individuals that rap Screamin out they group name like they scared and shit Knownin that the Kon Artis come prepared wit clips Full of them male scritches (what?) You watch and take pictures (how you do that?)  Notes and write down poets and 'bout how I rap and get witcha Told you niggaz before we got much the game Nuttin to lose, corruptin the lives of all groups Tie 'em up and put 'em in situations to hurt 'em Tie 'em up to trees, you was throwin darts at 'em wit venom in 'em, then murder 'em, servin 'em right He be, the Kon Artis {*screech*} swervin the night We rock from state to state (uh-huh) and city to city You make us sick like a faggot tryin silicon titties and already want a size D bra, I wanna die wit tight shit Give it to y'all bleek raw, raw, raw, raw, raw Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah [Proof] Gimmie a sicker than (?), check it out I turn a hard nigga yellow, and bake his ass faster than a cheetah Don't blaze no blunts (uh-huh) but I blaze them thangs Amaze your gang, wit bullets, I rattle your frame Who's that, bustin at, Big Suburban, hustle that Play wit three bitches alias and four hustlers Bustin three glocks, on your block Yellin my name loud, puttin bombs inside your mailbox and prepare docks - punch your dreadlocks, wait for the cops and tell 'em that yo' ass had beef wit Biggie and 2Pac  I lit the flesh (uh-huh) shot bled to death (what?) Like Red and Meth, you need the hoop-a, shoop-a for battlin boards, got on a moyer, I sat on your horse Got battled thanks to your tours, show up at you battlin your eyecore, pure wit this shit On your mic rip, you might slip, fall, hang it up like Sonny (?), peace to (?) Rock 'til the early morn', shit is on Gotta a problem fiend, fiend problems My crew mug shot D-12 uglier than the green goblin I bring fear too, horror, near you A fact why nobody wanna hear you, you wack BITCH! What the fuck you thought what happened when bullets start collapsin your frame Maintain to bring pain, freestyle fanatic named Pete First is off the paper, this one turn your auto vapor Me, MC, the extraordinar', steppin on your (?) Screamin "7 Mile bitch, come from Runyan" Hold down your fort, snort like cocaine Richard Pryor, I clap more clips than (?) Yeah, yeah bitch, what the fuck you thought? Ya niggaz get caught (?), I'm incredible like the hawk Watchin the facet nigga, P-R, the letter O My sex is hetero, cash checks like federal Your hetero, bitch! Hahahaha The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: D-12 f/ IQ Album: The Underground EP Song: Bring Our Boys Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash, eazy-e@yesbox.net [Bizarre] Emceeeeeeees.. RUN! Or get hit with my, verbal, gun! This mic weighs a ton! Dozen battles for fun.. I'll disrespect you, and your crew Here comes MC.. IQ! [IQ] Yo' fakeness is atrocious, post this, deep in yo' hypnosis Then focus, roll this and smoke this like L's of that bomb-ass herb that's guaranteed to rock bells A hip-hop ReFugee like Prazwell; travellin cities pimpin babblin biddies game trump tight to solidify Computerized to get rid of spies - know what I do to guys shootin and spittin lies? I'm banishin existance Just vanish any instances, brandishin sentences Provin repentence is the only way to see me, don't miss these Me and my crew smoke so many trees that I piss leaves Never bammer bitch please, but keep smoke in my system Roll blunts, it's all tight, on a off night I still smoke like exhaust pipes and bust a universal flow to blow your wig back Like niggaz with toupees, drivin a convertible And furthermore I run the board; yo' shit is played And the way you fell off you couldn't bounce back with a bungee cord [Chorus 4X: Bizarre] Bring your boys and, we can bring the noise and YOU DON'T WANNA FUCK WITH DIRTY DOZEN! [Bizarre] My crew is like amazed, put in fear like ex-slaves Who wanna step to this microphone and think that they BRAVE? Dozen always startin the fuckin beef I don't give a fuck if you from Kansas, I'm still the fuckin +CHIEF+ Back the fuck up I'm releasin my dum-dums Tell your whore stop pagin me, 9-1-1 I'm a star that they call Bizarre Smokin blunts with Mel Farr in my brand new car The nigga (?) write rhyme wanna see me If I was in Arizona, I'd still request iced tea Bizarre don't give a shit about you On top of the mountain - ain't nuttin your bitch-ass crew can do Sick MC that they call Peter Treat your crew like an unexpected, meter reader Talkin more shit than Howard Cosell Butt-fuckin Jezebels in nasty hotels [Proof] How you think yo' crew sound, compared to this? It's the team that yo' entire clique scared to diss Demandin, attentions when the glock sound Y'all niggaz to be murdered like Jeffery Dahmer's on lock down I'm Brown like Bobby, pullin hoes like Whitney Take your title kill your moms - so you won't forget me Lips sealed; nigga, I might blow important plots Whoever front is gettin done like Michael Jordan pops Yo I'm number one translator, mic famed Dirty D Y'all niggaz gettin hung like this was 1933 Got word of me now flee, cause you ain't got a chance Death is three easy steps so now we gotta dance So look away don't play with the style master I love killin beef, so I kill a whole cow pasture Lyrically I'm sick ill, everything but sober Ny nickel-plate, pack the disc-tray Jack and fool get fucked over - BRING IT! [Eminem] Dirty Dozen is the clique so walk right over and lynch ya Rip the ass right out ya pants like a Doberman Pinscher Like the Cobra and Ninja, my intention's to injure And prevent ya from enterin from an inch of my center Or get your motherfuckin pants split at the creases Fuckin you intellectually; givin you mental sexually transmitted diseases My duty is to keep a stranger barred I guard my sector like a Saint Bernard, and this ain't the yard Bringin the noise like a trigger happy gun slinger Droppin your whole clique with one finger 'til none linger Beware of my dogs attackin like a pack of Great Danes Chargin like freight trains through the great plains The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist:	D-12 Album:	The Underground EP Song:	Bad News Typed by: jadakiss143@hotmail.com * * send corrections to the typist Brigade jump on a couple of punks Nigga, we bad news (We bad news, nigga) To beef for real If you step our way it's on Anybody, everybody (Oh shit) Come on Brigade jump on a couple of punks That's how we're moving it moving it moving it To beef for real If you step our way it's on Anybody, everybody (that's right) Come on [Kon Artis] We breaking every rule in the book Illegal crooks that got your mind shook Kon done with spells up Poisonous cook The Kon Artis Make way for the hell raiser Mysterious neighbor Cuttin throats with broke Coke Bottles and rusty razors I ain't the one to save you in a crisis I kick you while you're down Snatch you up and ask you who's the nicest Better say me Or I'll put your next to some vice crips And squeeze until they lifeless I stayin confidence with my mind About being good or evil I'm deceitful Lethal when I leave you Dead inside your blood brother When your hand for help reaches out We just chuckle Now where the fuck of how we is as individuals We raise wrong Politics and poverty got us head strong You dead wrong If you think you'll make it out with all your limbs Grab your camera So we can put this on film [Kuniva] Hey Don't get cut into hundreds over some dumb shit I advise you to run quick cuz we run this Guns click on the reg reg Put MCs on they death beads Either that or leavin' 'em walking on peg legs In various locations I'll be wylin' out at places I'm why they're running out Of handicap parking spaces Intense dreams You want suspense? It's endless How I massacre crews Leave you solo and friendless Contact lens less then lifeless The trifest MC You never wanna fight with Or rock a mic with Carry a knife with Da Brigade on the night shift Pack this big dick that I use to fuck your wife with You ain't the nicest Derelicts with intelligence Leaving your grill wide open like pelicans Just wait My words penetrate through your vertebrate Til it snap your neck brace And crack your chest plate Chorus [Kon Artis] You studies wanna job like assets Rough is ready to start teaching niggas In ass whippin' classes Breaking glasses Damage crews by the masses Shit talking like Cassius Get in your E-Class and dash bitch Kon Artis The only man that can expand the cervix With the tip of my bone Get in your girl and keep fucking Until she starts screaming "Leave me alone" Walking predacone Looking for weak grade to set it on From dusk til dawn I bomb Went through hell and remain calm The devils to stir us to fight me Just to see what type of shit that I was on Those bastards is why they got burnt And turned into crisp XXXXX With lyrics hotter than lava comes It's urgent That she splurge with Before I merge with Kuniva will make ya nerves emerge and split Heard me bitch You weren't worthy with the mic Is why I snatch it And people think and praise with words that I like With things that I say on you You need someone to spar with Put you in the back of my trunk Get in my car trick Running with nothing but thugs With the fug We more dangerous than L.A. cops with big clubs Who's arresting you when you're drunk You sick munk Spitting up bills scriptures and gumps Till you punks get the picture Get it? If rap was a whore you couldn't hit it I make it my business Twenty four seven to try and stick it [Kuniva] Gotta get it I gotta give it to you non-stop Bombs drop lyrical warfare we onslaught Dead bodies rot We making your body rock Licking them off like lollipops That the shotty pop Kuniva snatch rolex chains, watches and anklets Dissin' the stank bitch Packing heaters to make you thank quick Now ain't this Something you don't want a piece of Don't worry about waiting these ones Chillin' with me buds Chorus The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: D12 Album: Devils Night Song: Another Public Service Announcement Typed by: ÇexyÇy {* announcer from the Eminem Slim Shady LP and Marshall Mathers LP *} [Announcer] Okay This is ANOTHER public service announcement Brought to you in part... {*Punch*} Yaarrggh! [Rondell Beene] Shut up punk!  {* other members of D12 attempt to tie up the announcer and gag him *} Yo, this thing on? Good good hell yeah! Look, I'm speaking on behalf of D12 And if you get offended by words like: - Bitch Ho Sissy Faggot Homo Lesbian Fudge packer Clit eater All that shit like that Then you should turn this shit off RIGHT now Because that is some of the shit {* Duct tape tearing *}  Nah that's the ONLY shit that you gonna hear, right here on this album It's not that they don't have creativity Or some shit like that, that ain't the case {* Duct tape tearing *} We just like sayin shit like that, just to FUCK wit'cha! (Come here!) {* Announcer tries to run away *} 'Ey! Wh.. I told you to hold him down, now he's running wh.. fuck it! {*gun clicks then gunshot*} {* Announcer falls down *} God damnit!  If you would have just stayed still Nothing would have happened to ya! It just goes to show when you fuck around with us Shit can happen The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: D-12 Album: Devils Night Song: Shit Can Happen Typed by: obi1one@hotmail.com Bitch Yeah... 1-  Shit can happen (8X) [Kon Artis] Yo, yo, huh, yo, yo, yo That's right motherfuckers we back Same slangin, orangatangin, wildin out on hoodrats They say I act like I'm too famous to say hi And tell 'em what my name is but really I'm still nameless... You niggaz don't get it yet, do you Dealin out platinum or flop I still put it through you Wit a luger that'll spit fire And hit higher than a pitch by a bitch like Mariah You think for one second since we got a deal that we won't deal wit you in front of St. Andrew's still? You gay rappers better learn that I won't stop until I see 'em turn back If you don't slow that roll you got You gon see these Runyan Ave. niggaz that really need some Prozac Fo' sho' that, ask the others Brigade'll lay you down next to your mother's mother's grandmother [Kuniva] You know I'm feelin real rowdy tonight Ready to fight and half the niggaz I give dap to I don't even like The same cat who never gave a damn about your name I gives a fuck about it like the next L.A. Clippers' game (bitch) I kill you in ways you couldn't even fathom (punk) You and your madame, it's really unexplainable how I have 'em Who call theyself screamin about a challenge (what?) Nigga we got a gift while you barely makin it off mere talent My skills are deeply embedded even your hoe said it (uh-huh) She was knock kneed I fucked her now she's bow legged In the middle of rappin I drop the mic (what?) And have a stare down and jump in the crowd and start scrappin (bitch) Kuniv' and Kon Artis my nigga we get it crackin While the paramedics pick you up we on the side laughin HOOK: 1- in background [Kon Artis] Now this ain't funny so don't you dare laugh Shit can happen to him and yo' ass You can be touched don't think you can't Cause niggaz ain't fuckin around no more man {*repeat all 2X*} [Swifty McVay] The feds can't hold me, I hold feds I was born with a dark ass cloud over my head Rainin acid, you can't refrain from gettin yo' ass kicked Cause you talk too much - you asked for it I'm on some massive shit, everybody ignore me They wouldn't fuck with me if I was performin at an orgy These niggaz get confronted (whattup now?) then they change stories I cut you and they thinkin everything's hunky dory I even have you pourin me the gasoline for me Pullin up slowly, cocktailin your homie [CRASH] You met a lot of niggaz but you wouldn't wanna know me (f'real) Yo' ass might not even make it home wit your Roley Don't even try, in your system like e. coli Tryin to beef with me, nigga please yo' people die I'm so wicked that my mama gave birth illegally I survived the abortion immediately, SURPRISE! AAAAAH! [Eminem] Picture me sittin in a jail cell rottin (shit) Or barricaded in a motel with twelve shotguns So when the {cops} come knockin each hand's got one Cocked, ready to dump slugs heavy as shotputs One man army, guns can't harm me Young and ornery, worse than my Uncle Ronnie Ever since I got my first gun pulled on me I can't stop airin out my dirty laundry Middle fingers flipped and censorship Your friends just flipped over the swift penmanship Ever since I spit some shit on "Infinite" I been givin it, a hundred and ten percent Cause when I'm bent - most of my energy's spent on enemies Eighty percent of what I invent is Hennessey Twenty percent is from being hungry as sin Ten's because I love being under your skin Yeah shit can happen, so stick to rappin Quit the yappin or I'ma lift the mac and That can lead to another mishap happenin Skip the crap get the can of whoop-ass crackin! HOOK 1- continues in background [Eminem] It can and it will (nigga, nigga) Fuck around with Amityville and you DIE Insanity spills from the mentality of twelve motherfuckers in six different bodies with their personalities split Fuckin you up with hit after hit Stickin you up with clip after clip Makin you suck dick after dick Dirty motherfuckin dozen The Kon Artis, motherfuckin Peter S. Bizarre Swifty McVay, the Kuniva, Dirty father fuckin Harry Puttin you down in a cemetery, you get buried All you of you motherfuckers suck our motherfuckin cocks! We are not playin, we are not playin We are not bullshittin, this is not a motherfuckin joke! All of you motherfuckers get smoked! {*fades out*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: D-12 Album: Devils Night Song: Pistol Pistol Typed by: Notoriouskck@aol.com [Bizarre] Yeah, welcome to Amityville [Swifty] Detroit, nigga! [Bizarre] The reason why rappers gotta pack pistols [Swifty] Why is that? {*both laughing*} [Chorus One - Eminem] Slick criminal wit, the shit I spit chews like a bullet came back that just missed and hit you I say the type of shit parents slit their wrists to Need an anthem to amp you, then this the shit to Too many enemies on my list to sift through Nobody got my back in this bitch but this do Sorry officer I don't care how pissed it get you But I don't go nowhere without my pistol pistol [Chorus Two - overlaps Chorus One 2X] Ain't goin nowhere without my gun I walk the streets I pack my gun I go to sleep I got my gun Can't go nowhere without my gun [Swifty McVay] Nigga, we violently active - so fuck with us See I'm backwards - I slap niggas and punch bitches Just for askin, they must've been wantin to meet the Lord When my parents talked to me, they got mean mugged and ignored They were snoopin through my closet, seen drugs on the floor Shells from the forty-four scattered over they porch Bustin pistols in your windows with intentions to destroy you Tryin to break your neck to conversate? Bitch, I'll do it for you Catch me laughin at your funeral when they lower you You and yo' ho, you gots to go, bitches died slow and horrible There's no tomorrow fo' - any nigga we'll shower you We young strapped & powerful (BITCH!) and I ain't gotta lie to you [Proof] Stepped in the door, wavin the fo'-fo' Blazin at po-po, escapin and lay low They call my tongue ya-yo, but I spit fire I lit five inside a fuckin dickrider The clip slider, love to blast a Mag You a FAG, you love bein ass to ass Grab a gun by the nose with the butt to gat-spank ya Never say that I'm a gangsta (now THAT'S gangsta) Y'all niggaz sound like Jigga but act like 'Pac Yo my trigger got the flu and this gat might cough It ain't nuttin to tell, empty shells for the witness I'm the hot nigga that's gon' put hell outta business It won't be the same since we touchin the game Make the hardest nigga in your crew, tuck in his chain Y'all think this shit's a game and I'm bluffin for fame? I'll squeeze off this tech until nothin remains [Chorus One] + [Chorus Two] [Kuniva] The only time that I'm at peace/piece is when I'm close to one cause I don't know what's waitin for me when my vocals are done Tote the gun, it's my way of life and it works These cowardly niggaz'll put yo' fuckin life in the dirt Cause it was wrong how they left my dog, he was priceless Alone in the streets, bleedin, starin, layin lifeless That's why I'm heated, you never know who starts creepin (uh-huh) Wakin you up with AK's while you lie sleepin I'd rather pack the heat and not need it; rather than need one and not have it, I married this Glock-matic [sung] {*gun cocked*} Nowhere without my.. {*gunshot*} [Kon Artis] You know the sound when I'm spinnin round spittin these rounds from fo' pounds While the whole crowd screamin as loud from they mouths as they possibly allow? {*series of gunshots fire*} Nothing is parallel to making you carousel Arial sommersault like ferris wheels to a pair of shells Denaun carry the nine where I go Bullets whistle and hit you while I'm shootin at five-oh Some semi-automatic for static's the motto Spittin like [*Columbine kids*] from Colorado [Chorus One] + [Chorus Two] [Bizarre] This nine'll turn a softy to a hard rock It'll make Jehovah's Witnesses, think before they knock (Sorry, sorry!) It'll make your grandmother come out of a purse it'll make Limp Bizkit, get rid of Fred Durst (Ha ha!) It'll make Holyfield start fightin it'll make Ma$e say "Fuck church!", and go back to writin It'll make Shyne say he sound like Biggie Smalls it'll make R. Kelly - give respect to Aaron Hall It'll make Christopher Reeves start walkin it'll make a dog with no voice, suddenly start barkin It'll make a nun turn to a filthy slut it'll make the hardest pitbull, turn to a fuckin mutt It'll make a Muslim dye his hair blonde It'll make the redneck start to read the Holy Qu'ran It'll make Ike stop beatin Tina it'll make Slim Shady - fall back in love with Christina Christina Aguilera... HA HA HA HA! [Chorus One] + [Chorus Two] [Swifty] Ha, nigga, nigga, nigga! You better have an aim Cause if you don't - you FINISHED - flat out, nigga, nigga, nigga What? Fuck around and get popped.. with NO hesitation, straight up [Bizarre] Look at where the fuck we stay at! Nigga, look where the fuck we stay at! Fuck around with us.. you good as popped You fuckin good as popped.. Ahahahahaha! You good as popped, ahahahaha! {*fades out*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: D-12 f/ Truth Hurts Album: Devils Night Song: Nasty Mind Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash {*girl giggling*} Stop! You want me to do what? What are those? You want me to stick those in your what? {*Bizarre laughing*} [Chorus: Bizarre + Truth Hurts] What is on yo' nasty mind (nasty mind, nasty mind) Don't you wanna get fucked from behind (from behind, from behind) Then treat me like a dirty slave (dirty slave, dirty slave) And beat me like I won't behave - I just wanna get freaky baby! [Swifty McVay] Huh, I'm too swift on my toes to get caught up wit you hoes You don't know me, see I ain't gotta front or play the role I'm an O.G., I know when you bein phony See you probably bonin them officers just to pull up on me That's why sixty percent of women is lonely They get in my mix only, then try to creep slowly because they nosy I ain't listen to what, my momma told me I fuck 'em and pass to my homies (right) Then he fuck 'em and pass 'em to the homies (take her) I'm a nasty-ass macaroni; you flashin fast money you can pass a Roley FUCK a alimony If you want me, and ain't out screamin about your monthly I'll be stickin yo' pretty ass until you turn ugly (damn!) You suddenly see stars when fuckin me Ain't no menages, I want 'em in threes, release your garments (trick) It ain't even me to hold back, I fucked yo' moms quick Have her runnin around this bitch screamin, "That's my dick!" [Kuniva] Yo I know I'm dogmatic, but yo' pussy walls done had it (that's right) It's evident that you've been fuckin like a jackrabbit But I stay focused, so I acted like I didn't notice (mm-hmm) And fucked her with no baby lotion and bust in the soapdish Hoe you can quote this - your breath is smellin like you done sucked a senior citizen's old dick in goat spit (god damn!) You gon' get choked quick, talkin all that hoe shit All aggressive askin for a slow kiss, no bitch! (the fuck outta here) You like freakin, see you every night creepin Suckin off the nice deacons, slut you made his wife leave him (cunt) So keep slurpin I'll be down to the fullest But forget it bitch, yo' nipples look like AK bullets [Kon Artis] Yo - I'm tearin down whatever you built, your marriage is through cause I answered your wife's door naked wrapped in a quilt Hoes say, "Kon Artis got a dick so big!" Man I can persuade any bitch to have eight of my kids, shit Beeitch, I should be locked up for havin honies legs cocked up in the back of my pops truck I'm not fucked up, I just got a fetish for shootin Cum in coochie to the pussy is pootin it back out I sixty-nined this one bitch and she bled in my mouth (shit) Kicked her out, cleaned the couch out, and beat up my crouch(?) I don't gotta creep in hotels, I cheat at my house See I'm a dog, I don't need to keep a secret hideout (nahh) [Bizarre] All night I've been snortin {*sniffs*} Your age and where you from - it's just not important (nahh) You look like one of my mistresses On welfare, ten kids like the rest of my bitches Dreams of fuckin a handicapped bitch Suck my dick while your teeth start to grit (whore) And a slave, that's how I want you to treat me I ain't into S&M, but I love when you beat me (ahhh!) I told you I was a horny-ass freak While I'm beatin my meat, your daughter actin like she asleep (Yeah right) My love is like thunder and lightning After it's over, I'm lookin like I got my ass kicked by Tyson [Bizarre] I just wanna get freaky baby (*repeat 4X*) Freaky baby, he he I wanna get freaky with you D-12.. in your area And remember, if you lookin for Bizarre Dial 1-900-BEAT-ME The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: D-12 Album: Devils Night Song: Aint Nuttin' But Music Typed by: obi1one@hotmail.com [Eminem] It's shit like this I kick to these rich white kids Who just might see how fucked up this sick life is Whoops I did it again didn't I my shit's harder to figure out than what Britney's tit size is (oooh) I probably pissed you off again didn't I bitch (so what?) You and Christina Gaguilera kiss my grits {*smak*} You know how many shits I give? I wish I did So I can quit givin these twisted little kids ideas This just in, Britney just dissed Justin She just fucked Ben, got tit fucked and dick sucked him If Affleck can get his ass licked, how come I can't, shit? God damn bitch, I'm rich, I can't understand this Are those pictures I made of us together on the internet as close as I'm ever gonna get to hittin it from the back? And shit, when it comes to that, I hit harder from the back than Everlast, when he's pluggin Lethal in his fuckin ass Just give me one more chance, Britney hit me one more time Let me know what's on your mind, Whitney give me one more line to sniff, you fuckers know what time it is Fuck your jewelery my record's almost diamond, BEEOTCH! [HOOK 2X: Eminem + Dr Dre] What's goin on in the world today People fightin, feudin, lootin, it's okay Let it go, let it flow, let the good times roll Tell 'em Dre (it ain't nuttin but music) [Bizarre] Eminem doesn't like N'Sync, well I do So fuck him, and the Backstreet Boys too Whatever happened to the cast of Different Strokes Gary's broke, Todd's snortin coke, and Dana overdosed (Awww) I got two little boys with me Michael Jackson sent two helicopters to get me (hee-heee!) I'm up early wit my hair curly Me and Mr. Furly, fuckin Laverne and Shirley! [Kuniva] A lot of rappers are livin in la la land That's why I let my dogs out on the Baha Men As bad as a life I had, I'm not mad I don't need to be a jackass to beat up my dad My whole family's country, my grandmother's old fashioned And she keeps askin me why I rap wit a honky But grannie I'm a flunky I could be a junkie I could be hangin with the hoochies out at the club scene [Kon Artis] So all the independent women in the house! [HOUSE!] Show us your tits and shut your motherfuckin mouth! [WHAT?!] [Proof] Robert Downey, Bobby Brownie Whitney Houston, the shit's she's usin [SNIFF!] Jesse Jackson, reverend scandal Got George Michael's, Tevin Campbell's PeeWee Herman's, peep show places Public restrooms? Beat those cases [HOOK] [Swifty McVay] Huh, your mom and dad probably mad at us [for what] We done turned their kids into little body snatchers Aint like where I'm from, we don't bite our tongue Are you sure you want niggaz 21 to carry guns? It's sad but I'm glad that I'm made to rhyme Where you work you ain't gettin paid for that overtime It's only music, media know it but they blind I aint in y'all light, so stay the hell up outta mine Y'all the reason why Princess Diana ended up dyin If you people get offended I don't care (stop cryin!) Tryin to get us to leave cause what we say just ain't clean (uh uh) But holdin back on what I say just ain't me [Kon Artis] Now what's these parents so mad for? (Your music is bad for 'em!) For teenage kids that drink more than Ted Danson in Cheers Carson drink beers, we all fart and piss and cuss out our bitch (SHUT UP!) Broke or rich, I still do the same old shit I don't jump in front of a camera and change no shit So when they ask me about my sarcasticness I just slap 'em, turn around and ask 'em this [HOOK] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: D-12 Album: Devils Night Song: American Psycho Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Eminem] I'm the devil - if ever there was such a thing The results of much too many drugs what you're seeing I'm a mindfuck, completely dis-{*gus*}-ting I'm {*white*}, a human mutt, fuck a being I'm a dog - fuck lambs, I'm silencin 'em all I'm involved in murders forensic science couldn't solve Giant set of balls too big to buy a set of drawers Might as well unzip my fly and let 'em fall to the floor Each thought's completely warped I'm like a walkin, talkin, ouija board Speakin in tongues, I've never spoke this speech before .. Hhem-delle-la, ennich-me-noughh-mi-niche-mick-norr .. Have you ever experienced spirits in lyrics when you hear 'em 'til you scared to stare in into any mirrors when you near 'em? Well if so, get ready for some shit yo "Is this some kind of sick joke?" Shit no, motherfuckin schitzo So disturbed, he just goes so berzerk he tiptoes Fist first with scissors to slit throats of just hoes Just goes to shizzow you dizzon't, fizzuck with so-someone this disturbed, sa-sippin on si-zzurp So - lock your doors, drop to the floors Get your shotguns drawn - here comes another "Clockwork Orange" Look at Bizarre; you really think he's right in his mind? What the fuck you think's goin through it when he's writin his rhyme? [Chorus: Eminem] You bout to - journey into the mind of a psychopath killer Blood spiller, mentality much iller than you could ever imagine in your wildest dreams You'll feel his pain and his silent screams You bout to - journey into the mind of a psychopath killer Blood spiller, mentality much iller than you could ever imagine in your wildest dreams You'll feel his pain and his violent screams [Bizarre] It's Friday night, I'm at a rave again Pickin up transvestites on my Harley-Davidson (hey hop on) My girlfriend's a crackhead whore She'll come to your door, suck your dick on the floor and take your bottles to the store (nigga I'm takin these) Have you ever seen a bitch get beat because she won't cheat Run the street and suck another nigga's meat? My son's sixteen years old with nowhere to stay (dad it's me) I told him he wasn't mine, slammed the door in his face And I ain't got no food, my job I've been cheated My girlfriend had a miscarriage (I'm sorry) I had to eat it (ohh) My dick is burnin, it ain't cause of disease Because I'm jackin off with gasoline mixed with antifreeze (AHH!) I'm livin in Waco Texas, me and my girl Fuck David Koresh, I'm startin my own world It's called Bizarre Cemetary, it's scary Eatin a virgin's cherry, they're all gonna laugh at you Carey [Kon Artis] I was born feet first, smoke 40's and drink weed The Lord rehearsed my birth, I'm the worst breed A nigga you ever set sight on, my right arm's got more power than Fiber ICON, dragon's python so "Journey into the mind of a psychopath killer" Light yo' ass like a liquid nitro-gas spiller Psycho slash Michael Myers, Michael Jack's "Thriller" Rifle slash knife, faggot-basher, cop killer As a yung'un, I was beat where I was livin (aight) Crossdressed just to get thrown in the women's prison (You're not gay) I guess I was just stressed to be a hoodlum Being pressed caused the stress that caused the Ritalin Pressed stressed and Ritalin caused the cop's feelings to be hurt after they seen what I did to those children I'm vulgaric, you Bo Derek; I throw you face flat off the terrace so you can have somethin to stare at The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: D-12 Album: Devils Night Song: That's How... Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash {stanzas are rapped by these D-12 artists in this order} 01. Kuniva, 02. Proof, 03. Kon Artis, 04. Swift 05. Kuniva, 06. Proof, 07. Kon Artis, 08. Swift 09. Kuniva, 10. Proof, 11. Kon Artis, 12. Bizarre 13. Kuniva, 14. Proof, 15. Kon Artis, 16. Swift {*scratched*: "Niggaz, crackers, whiteys, jews.."} [D-12] This is how it happens to you [D-12] That's how people get fucked up {*scratched*: "Niggaz, crackers, whiteys, jews.."} [D-12] This is how it happens to you [D-12] That's how people get fucked up Yo, if you a loudmouth, tryin to wild out And we see just how you layin and we peeped yo' style out (You a punk!) When you chillin out in front of your truck and get stuck [D-12] That's how niggaz get fucked up No love at home with your kinfolk And the world just keep fuckin with your mental And all these kids makin fun of your trenchcoat [D-12] That's how students get shot up Hatin on us but you come to our show (Fuck them niggaz) I crowd surf and you let me go (Oh no!) Whup yo' ass when I get off the flo', just so you know doe [D-12] That's how haters get fucked up When the police pull you over and shit Then find ganja, now every month they checkin on yo' piss They gettin mad cuz you ain't come back since, and now they sweatin you [D-12] That's how P.O.'s get fucked up When your mans hook you up with a bitch over the phone and when you see her she ugly as shit (god damn!) Now at the end of date she want a kiss, AND some dick [D-12] That's how blind dates get fucked up Sayin we not a real crew with a lot of skill And only one nigga in our crew make the dollar bills Y'all fools just mad cause y'all ain't got a deal [D-12] Local rappers talk too much (We gon' rob this bank) but you roll with punks Manager tripped the alarm and you all get stuck Cops got AK's, y'all only got pumps - that shit's just dumb [D-12] That's how Cousey got locked up When yo' ass wanna walk in a club Instead of tellin you to wait, the nigga wanna push and shove (Move!) Then get trampled from the niggaz you brung, so move over [D-12] That's how bouncers get fucked up {*scratched*: "Niggaz, crackers, whiteys, jews.."} [D-12] This is how it happens to you [D-12] That's how people get fucked up {*scratched*: "Niggaz, crackers, whiteys, jews.."} [D-12] This is how it happens to you [D-12] That's how people get fucked up Yo, ha, when you get your guns out of the stash And gather all your homies up to go and shoot up a pad Soon as you finish y'all run out of gas - you better haul ass [D-12] That's how drivebys get fucked up Mixin weed with the brew, ecstasy and Kahlua Gasoline fumes, nitrous balloons Acid tab-lets and the magic mushrooms [D-12] That's how D-12 get fucked up (Hey I like your records) but my album ain't dropped (Dr. Dre's my favorite) bitch get off his jock Got a backstage pass and I need to get off; wanna meet da-d-Doc [D-12] That's how groupies get tossed up Drop out of school, take drugs and molest sluts Got your girlfriend suckin on my left nut Your parents don't like me, but guess what? [D-12] Cause Bizarre don't give a fuck Chokin your wife all in front of your peeps (bitch!) She toss a brick through the window of your Jeep Get back together by the end of the week, that's so sweet [D-12] Slim and Kim argue too much Invite a hoe to your house while your bitch is out Now you got your dick all up in her fuckin mouth Pull it out and then you bust off on her favorite blouse [D-12] That's how Clinton got caught up Steal cars, wreck bars, get fucked up beyond recognition walk in tipsy clubs like we stars Our mission every day is just to smoke bongs and fuck bitches in thongs [D-12] That's how Runyan Ave. is cut When your life wasn't raised up right Then see your mother comin home with different niggaz every night And then you run into the one you don't like; so get the FUCK lost [D-12] That's how step-dads get fucked up {*scratched*: "Niggaz, crackers, whiteys, jews.."} [D-12] This is how it happens to you [D-12] That's how people get fucked up {*scratched*: "Niggaz, crackers, whiteys, jews.."} [D-12] This is how it happens to you [D-12] That's how people get fucked up {*scratched*: "Niggaz, crackers, whiteys, jews.."} [D-12] This is how it happens to you [D-12] That's how people get fucked up {*scratched*: "Niggaz, crackers, whiteys, jews.."} [D-12] This is how it happens to you [D-12] That's how people get fucked up The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: D-12 Album: Devils Night Song: Purple Pills Typed by: Ghettofabulous98@hotmail.com, OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Eminem] Ugh.. yo yo yo, yo [Chorus: Eminem] I take a couple uppers, I down a couple downers But nothing compares to these blue and yellow purple pills I've been to mushroom mountain, once or twice but who's countin But nothin compares to these blue and yellow purple pills [Eminem] Yo, yo Cool, calm, just like my mom With a couple of valium inside her palm It's Mr. Mischief with a trick up his sleeve To roll up on you like Christopher Reeves I can't describe the vibe I get When I drive by six people and five I hit (oops) Aww shit, I started a mosh pit Squashed a bitch and stomped her foster kids (AHH!) These 'shrooms make me hallucinate Then I sweat till I start losin weight 'Til I see dumb shit start happenin Dumber than Vanilla Ice tryin to rap again So bounce, bounce, come on bounce {*GUNFIRE*} I said come on, bounce Everybody in the house with a half an ounce (me!) Not weed, I meant coke, dumb-ass sit down We don't bullshit, better ask around D-12 throws the bombest bash in town Bizarre, your mom is passin out Get her ass on the couch 'fore she crashes out Come on! [Kon Artis and Kuniva] Fuck that, someone help Denaun He's upstairs naked with a weapon drawn  Heh, hey Von you see me steppin on these leprechauns? It gotta be acid cause the X is gone  Ya I took them all dawg with some parmesan  And I think my arm is gone Naw it's probably numb Young, dumb, and full of cum And I think he 'bout to swallow his tongue  Scary ass it was a false alarm  You think I'm 'bout to die when I just got on? Yo stop actin stupid You so high that you might wake up with a guy on some new shit (EWW!) Yeah I think I did too much -- This substance equals cups Red pills, blue pills, and green -- Big pills (that's ill), mescaline! [Eminem] Dirty Dozen, eighty of us, Shady brothers, ladies love us That's why our baby mothers love us but they hate each other They probably wanna take each other out and date each other Some-, somethin, some'un, some'un, some'un {*babbling*} [Proof] Pop pills, pills I pop Pop two pills on stilts I walk Snort two lines that were filled with chalk Thought it was +Incredible+ and killed the +Hulk+ I wanna, roll away like a rollerblade Until my eyes roll back in my skull for days And when I'm, old and gray look for dope to smoke No okey-doke, I'm packin my nose with coke {*cough cough cough*} Am I supposed to choke? Had an accident when the Trojan broke Ahh, poor baby, born by whore lady Now I gotta strangle a.. (You're crazy!) [Swifty McVay] I pop fo' E's at one time And I don't need water when I'm swallowin mine (Yeah, you got any shrooms?) Does Bizarre smoke crack? We can't get jobs cause our arms show tracks Why the hell you niggaz think I rap? We do it just to get your company hijacked And if you like smack (uh-huh) then I might too (Swift, chill) I just wanna get high like you! (ewww) And I don't give a damn if they white or blue (uh-huh) Speed, 'shrooms, down the valiums (uh-huh) Even smoke weed outta vacuums I just copped some and I'm goin back soon [Bizarre] I'm at rave lookin like a slave, high off chronic Gin and tonic demonic, body smell like vomit Pussy poppin, acid droppin, dope-headed guy Heroin mescaline, pencilnecks, wanna try? Blue pills, golden seals, got Bizarre, actin ill Drugs kill (Yeah right) - Bitch, I'm for real!!! Shut your mouth you dirty slut, you know you want it in your butt I'll put it in your cunt; let Bizarre nut! [Eminem] Dirty Dozen, eighty of us, Shady brothers, ladies love us That's why our baby mothers love us but they hate each other They probably wanna take each other out and date each other Some-, somethin, some'un, some'un, some'un {*babbling*} {*harmonica plays until fade*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: D-12 Album: Devils Night Song: Fight Music Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Chorus: Eminem] This kind of music, use it, and you get amped to do shit Whenever you hear some shit and you can't refuse it It's just some shit, for these kids, to trash they rooms with Just refuse whenever they asked to do shit The type of shit that you don't have to ask who produced it You just know - that's the new shit The type of shit that causes mass confusion and drastic movement of people actin stupid [Kon Artis] I come to every club with intention to do harm With a prosthetic arm and smellin like Boone's Farm Hidin under tables as soon as I hear alarms Paranoid thief that'll steal from his own moms Connivin Kon, Artis with a bomb Strapped to my stomach screamin, "Let's get it on!" A lush that love to drink, drunk drivin a tank Rollin over a bank, cops see me and faint It's drastic, I'm past my limit of coke I think I'll up my high by slittin your throat Push your baby carriage into the street, 'til it's mince meat Your mens been beat the minute I step onto your street This is fight music! [Bizarre] You know why my hands are so numb? (No) Cause my grandmother sucked my dick and I didn't cum (oh) Smacked this whore for talkin crap (bitch) So what if she's handicapped, the bitch said Bizarre couldn't rap I fuckin hate you; I'll take your drawers down and rape you While Dr. Dre videotapes you (hell yeah!) Satan done got me on this song Eatin a hot dog readin the Holy Qu'ran, while I'm on the john Tired of wearin this yellow thong Take it back Sisqo, you know where it belongs (thong th-thong thong) Now here's a gun, I'll put it in your palm Now go over there and blow up Dru Hill's arms Fuck your love songs [Proof] Just bring who you gon' bring on, who you gon' swing on? I'm King Kong, guns blow you to king-dom come Show you machine gun funk Sixteen m-16's and one pump {*click-clack*} The snub in my paw, shove it in your jaw Have you runnin out this fuckin club in your drawers We lovin the broads, there's nothin to applaud But fuck it it's all good, the hood is up in The Source It's fight music [Swifty McVay] I'm a nigga that loves scuffles And won't hesitate to sock you again for swollen knuckles I'm like that, catch a nigga like bear traps Blow his head back right in front of the priest sayin, "You hear that?" I slap your freak, bump you and won't speak If you step on my feet, you get drowned in your own drink I suffocated my shrink just for talkin Came back and fucked up his pallbearers and made 'em drop his coffin It's fight music! [Kuniva] These beads I'm swingin is stingin 'em See all these niggaz? When I step in the club, I'm bringin 'em If any nigga lookin too hard, we Rodney King'n 'em Malice green to them and gasolinin 'em with premium Light a cigarette, flick it at 'em or spit it at 'em Hold up a picture of his family and kick it at him Blast while you right hookin, right when your wife's lookin Fuck fight music, bitch this is losin your life music! [Eminem] If I could capture the rage of today's youth and bottle it Crush the glass from my bare hands and swallow it Then spit it back in the faces of you racists and hypocrites who think the same shit but don't say shit You Liberace's, Versace's, and you nazis Watch me, cause you thinkin you got me in this hot seat You motherfuckers wanna JUDGE me cause you're NOT me You'll never STOP me, I'm TOP speed as you POP me I came to save these new generations of babies from parents who failed to raise 'em cause they're lazy to grow to praise me I'm makin 'em go crazy That's how I got this whole nation to embrace me And you fugazi if you think I'ma admit wrong I cripple any hypocritic critic I'm sic'd on And this song is for any kid who gets picked on A sick song to retaliate to, and it's called.. It's fight music! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: D-12 Album: Devils Night Song: Instigator Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash (*cut 'n scratched*: "I'm an instigator" -> Swifty McVay) [Chorus: Swifty McVay] "I'm an instigator" - nigga can't you see? "I'm an instigator" - ain't nobody worse than me "I'm an instigator" - I'll be the first to beef first to squeeze, take heed to the words I speak "I'm an instigator" - nigga can't you see? "I'm an instigator" - ain't nobody worse than me "I'm an instigator" - I'll be the first to beef first to squeeze, 'til it hurts to breathe, fuck with me [Kuniva] I love gettin shit started I instigate a peace talk into a beef talk until police need chalk to chalk you up, have bitches walkin up Smackin you in your face, screamin that you talk too much Tell women you said you fucked 'em Tell the hardest nigga you said you snuck him Ran his pockets and stuck him 'Til they gather in front of your crib, guns and long clips Laughin when they shoot at you over the wrong shit I lock down your block with lies that's so believable you'll run and grab your shotguns, glocks and nines (whattup) Walkin blind, excite fights until they erupt (do it!) Instigate my own death cause killin you ain't enough [Swifty McVay] I don't give a fuck if we beefin or not, I'll squeeze first I'ma heat up yo' spot, I'm a nigga that breathe dirt On these streets every day, snatchin niggaz yea How you bitches needin work, you can get it from McVay I'm dispiteful, I tie a hoe a maniacal foul animal liable to leave you strapped with yo' bible (fo' real) I'm psycho, my bullets won't fly by you You wanna kill me? {*explosion*} You got the right to Ain't gotta wait 'til night to snipe if I don't like you You gettin hit in broad daylight with a white rifle In front of yo' window I'm lookin right through I love when I see a nigga get stuck.. [Kon Artis] "I'm an instigator" - drama tends to follow me I know, I probably owe all of my friends apologies Lie to every bitch just to get her to swallow me Get a lobotomy nigga this one's to my arteries Guns are a part of me I pack more than pottery I oughta be jailed for depicted mockery Egg on fights to plot on the niggaz that shot at me I don't twist the truth I just make it gothic see I'm nothin but a liar with a big-ass mouth Dick and fists big enough to knock your bitch-ass out Got no reason to tell you the truth But to be honest with you I rap with him but I don't like Proof [Proof] Nigga fuck you, me and Swift got plans to jump you Type of nigga to shake your hand and stomp you "I'm an instigator" - convince a tenth grader to run up inside his classroom and leave the kids.. Bitch wait up, this is the season for squeezin off triggers on niggaz for no reason Either jump or quit runnin your mouth Pull a gun out, but I use it 'til the bullets run out [Swifty McVay] I throw a brick at your crib, have you standin on the porch screamin, "Look what you did!" I ain't feelin no remorse Nigga just pick up the kids, and Swift got first dibs with these cherry hot slugs that'll barbecue your ribs I'm preparin deathbeds, quick to bust lead while I'm starin at the Feds, tearin off they legs Once you drop dead they'll be swearin it's a plague I'm sicker than a coke rastafarian with dreads You get shanked if you move, ditched with no clues Don't put shit on yo' tape but yo' skits and interludes And once I finish you they wouldn't put it in the news I'm nuts so you hoes ain't got the GUTS to interview (*cut 'n scratched*: "I'm an instigator" to fade) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: D-12 f/ Dina Rae Album: Devils Night Song: Pimp Like Me Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Whattup I gotta tell you motherfuckers the truth This is straight G shit And all you can do is respect it [Swifty McVay] Well I'ma state my name, Swift McVay None of y'all niggaz got shit to say Rhymes keep comin off like a toupee Plus I'm big headed runnin things my way A selfish man, the back of the hand Be slappin the hell out of hoes because I can Prostitute, I want my loot And I don't give a fuck about your broke-ass man and Y'all givin niggaz what they needin 'til bitches understand I'm mean and Swift McVay is, blowin up Courvosier 'til I'm throwin up Wanna playa hate me, bitch so what? What's yo' function? Where's yo' bucks? All you wanna do is wanna stick him up You wanna rob me but I got too much (hah) D-12, naturally lifted You niggaz better duck when I cock the biscuit You fuck wit me, I fuck wit you Your entourage, nigga fuck them too I got grenades What the hell your little twenty-two gon' do? (Y'all ain't gon' shoot) Y'all major soft Cops gettin mad cause I paid 'em off, made 'em cough blood and shit That's what the hell you motherfuckers get, we runs this bitch? So hey, you ain't gotta be scared to fuck If you want head, then prepare to suck (do it) Even if the nigga don't care to nut For every stroke, it's a hundred bucks Respect the game, you just a slut So open your legs up and get my duck [Chorus: Eminem w/ Dina Rae] You just a .. (hoe) You just my .. (hoe) Dirty-ass .. (hoe) I'm yo' pimp, you my bitch {*repeat first part 3X*} Go get my .. (dough) Go bring me my .. (dough) Dirty-ass .. (hoe) I'm yo' pimp, you my bitch [Proof] I don't spit game, no longer than my name Then when my chain hang, my nuts do the same Don't pay pussy, pussy pay me Bitch, slut, whore or lady (yup) And knowin the fact, I was born to mack That's why I got a hoe in the back, blowin my sac Got good game, that's a hood thang What'd you brang, loot or poo-tang? Let 'em all bang, run that cheese Tell that trick nigga (come back please!) Rob a L7, that's a square You a bottom hoe, you got to know Off you I plan to make a lot of dough So suck fast bitch, and swallow slow {*swish-slap-swish*} (AH!) Bitch quit talkin back {*swish-slap-swish*} (AH!) Now walk the track [Kon Artis] I don't pay for ass, you pump my gas You get slapped when we're short of cash I get whiplash when I hit the gas And I holla out the window of the hatch Where's my scratch? Bitch, that's, it Suck it stroke it make me rich As a token of my appreciation it's another client for you to hit I don't give a fuck if you gotta go home to the kids You shoulda picked another occupation trick Now you're stuck with me, fuck with me and I'ma slap you up in this truck You must be out your mind or somethin Cryin and whinin like you tired or somethin Go suck some head until it aches for Bufferin You don't work? You make nothin I'm just another case of a lazy husband [Kuniva] I want the paper stack Buy you an outfit, then take it back When you page me BITCH I never page you back You only act a certain way that I make you act (whattup) Hoes recognize, and niggaz do too Cause they realize that niggaz do shoot Don't like a chick that act too cute Bitch hold my gat down when I shoot hoops (oh yeah) And don't be askin me, all kind of questions All harassin me, callin stressin Or I may have to release some aggression Beat you to death and teach you a lesson Lookin for handouts like you my damn spouse Pull your pants down and fuck my mans now Shut your damn mouth or get in the damn house Off with the damn blouse and suck on my damn crotch [Bizarre] Sell that pussy Sell that pussy bitch Get out there and switch and go make Bizarre rich You gotta itch, you fuckin dirty bitch Now get on the corner, and start suckin some dicks Niggaz want pussy, and I need cash So mom, get out there and start sellin yo' dirty ass Bizarre quick to hit 'em, and then stick 'em Fuck it; I'll let you hit one of my victims (Somebody help I'm on 7 Mile and ..) Shut up bitch, you talk too much Now you about to get fucked in your dirty butt You never seen a pimp like me, out here whorin Shut your fuckin mouth and you'll be out by the mornin Cause I'm the dirties pimp, you ever heard of Give me my five-thousand, and take this cheeseburger (bitch!) Go suck dick at a bachelor party So what if you on your period, blood never hurt nobody [Eminem w/ Dina Rae] You just a .. (hoe) You just a .. (hoe) That's all you is .. (hoe, hoe, hoe) You just a, dirty ass bitch A dirty ass, nasty ass, stinky ass, filthy ass, stanky ass bitch (Oooh, ooh-OOOH) Hahahahaha... (lahhh-aHHH) But I love you... (hahaha) .. Kim (mmm) [Outro - Kuniva] And there you have it god damnit, the fundamentals of pimpin You heard it here first, from the Dirtiest Dozen you ever seen in yo' god damn life Yo this is Rondell Beene on the scene And we keep the pussyholes smilin, because we always whylin YouknowhatI'msayin? Fuck all what everybody else talkin about We let you know right here Big pimpin, it ain't dead, we love gettin head, in a dirty-ass bed That's just what we do You know we was throwin heroin pimp parties back in 1968 The pussy is all great I'll see you at eight, bitch The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: D-12 Album: Devils Night Song: Blow My Buzz Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Swifty McVay] Hmm, yeah This just one of them days when yo' ass just wanna chill out and motherfuckers be all in yo' ear and shit, yknowhatI'msayin? Or that naggin bitch, that just like to hear herself talk blowin all yo' high away Now that's some fucked up shit, heh but it happens, yknowhatI'msayin? Yo [Eminem] Yo yo yo yo Schizophrenia, how many of ya got it? How many motherfuckers can say they psychotic? How many motherfuckers can say they brain dry-rotted from pot? You got it like I got it or not? If you did, you would know just what I'm talkin bout When your tongue's rottin out from cotton-mouth When you end up becomin so dependent on weed that you end up spendin a G in the vendin machine You got the munchies, look at you, junk food junkie Potato chips and lunch meat, up in the front seat Sometimes you can get so paranoid from ganja that's it gotcha thinkin the whole world is watchin ya Or maybe you don't smoke, maybe you just roll But whatever your drug's yo, go for the gusto Just don't, come fuck with me when I'm doin my drugs You see me in the club don't come fuckin my high up and [Chorus: D-12] Blow, my, buzz You want to want to just don't blow, my, buzz (Do what you want to) And I'm gon' sit here and just roll, my, drugs (Smoke my weeeeed) And if you talk I'm gonna fuck, you, up (I might just whoop yo' ass) Just don't say shit and we'll be cool [Bizarre] {*ding dong*} Bitch let me in the house (Avon?) No, I just came to eat your mother out It's the big guy, doin a butterfly to the ground (go 'head!) [Eminem] Bizarre sit yo' nasty ass down [Bizarre] I spot this fat bitch from across the room Now suck my dick while your boyfriend's in the bathroom (yea yea!) My face is pink, lookin for a sink And don't worry bout what I put in your drink It's called a date-rape drug, ten minutes you'll be fucked up Open your nasty-ass legs up (yeah you whore) Bitches I'm catchin, blunts I'm matchin Don't call me Bizarre, I'm the Reverand Jesse Jackson [Swifty McVay] Who the fuck is this guy, why the hell you in my presence? It'd be cool if you was askin me some reasonable questions But you on some bullshit nigga, this yo' last beer (f'real) Get the fuck off my dick and tell yo' bitch to bring here ass here I kick a hoe out without givin her cabfare And leave her barefooted just for naggin in my damn ear When I'm out eatin, you fags'll interfere They don't go until I let 'em know a mag' is sittin here I get drunk and I smoke weed, whatcho' ass wanna hear? I didn't answer you clear, I met Manson this year okay? You want some yea? I'll front yo' ass a play But other than that, get the hell out my face Because you niggaz tryin to [Chorus] w/ variations [Kun] Yo Denaun you seem shook [Kon] I really am dawg look This fat bitch keep chasin me tryin to give me the nook [Kun] Aww man you probably lead her on [Kon] I just bought her a beer! [Kun] I saw her rubbin on your head while she was wipin your tears [Kon] I admit, I was high, but you ain't seen me cryin [Kun] Nigga you lyin, and you blowin my high, just stop denyin it [Kon] Well at least somebody in this bar is, this big bitch did the ultimate by sayin she wanted to have my kids [Kun] Look man you grown, just leave me alone, I'm in the zone Call it a night, get stoned, and take that fat slut home Just drink the drink, hit the dank, do some drugs Go kill yourself [Kon] Fuck you! [Kun] Well stop blowin my buzz! [Proof] I'm at the front of the bar by the lounge in the back with a slut on my arm while I'm downin the 'gnac Got the pills in my system, floatin around Everytime I start driftin, someone open they mouth Yo my ear been spit licked and freestyled in I think I'm goin def like old senile men Only one good demo out of three thousand (Yo I ain't wanna rap for you anyway, so keep talkin) Next nigga that bump me, I'ma do the Humpty and elbow bitches, 'til everybody jump me (Yo man whassup wit you man why you keep bumpin me and shit) Whassup fool? Fuck you punk! (Motherfucker, the fuck? It's on fool it's on! Whassup then nigga?) [Chorus] w/ variations We'll be cool We'll be cool if you don't talk while I'm just tryin to smoke my weed Smoke my weed.. I'm tryin to drink with my niggaz; just shut the fuck up while I'm just tryin to get blowed Spittin to me some mo'.. (hehehe) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: D-12 f/ Obie Trice Album: Devils Night Song: Obie Trice Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Yeah, this is DJ Seven Deuce of the Motown sounds on W-Down, ha ha Give a big shout out to Runyan Ave. and them Detroit players, y'knowhatImean? And we gonna go to the phone lines right now Caller.. {*BEEP*} Caller my ass! You know who this is Look I'm mad as hell First you got Eminem, this nigga say he gon' get me on his album No show I didn't get on it Then he signed these niggaz D-12, these lil' punk ass niggaz Then all of a sudden I heard he signed a new motherfucker named [Obie Trice] Obie Trice, first I took the underground over The "Well Known Asshole" brought y'all horror Then the industry saw interest in me Now I'm Shady Records like Marshall Mathers LP Mr. Trice, the name has occured in your conversation, but the face is a blur And if you never spoke my name, nigga you heard Got word, from that mega bitch that stay bootleggin Underground since the Fu-Schnickens Or underground since Chi-Ali was fuckin with them stupid bitches Different species (AHHH!) Shittin on you punk motherfuckers with a Dirty Dozen type of feces The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: D-12 Album: Devils Night Song: Devils Night Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Eminem] I make music to make you sick of fake music Hate music like devil worshippin Satan music So say your prayers, your Hail Mary's and Jesuses Take two sticks, tape 'em together and make a crucifix Try to stop it but you cain't do it (ha ha) A whole generation of kids blowin out their fuckin brains to this Kurt Cobain music - students converted to 'caine users as soon as they heard it went out and murdered and maimed to it What's your name? [Swifty McVay] Judas Got my nine with six sharpshooters, now let's do this I got niggaz that shoots to static - you don't understand how I'm all up in you niggaz TV's like Carole Anne I'm a poltergeist, lyrically I'm supposed to strike Try to snatch this mic, you get cracked with Molson Ice (Swifty get your own woman!) I want his wife I'm the type to go to gamblin parties with trick dice I rob casinos, slugs, eat those You'd think it was the devil feedin you jalapenos Now you out of the scene hoes shot at your clean clothes My fo'-fo', prone to make you niggaz breathe wrong [Chorus: Eminem] It's Devils Night (da da dah, da-da da da dah) It's Devils Night (da da dah, da-da da da dah duh da) Cause I came back to rule this time! It's Devils Night - cause I came back to take what's mine! Yes it's Devils Night (da da dah, da-da da da dah) It's Devils Night (da da dah, da-da da da dah duh da) Cause I came back to rule this time! It's Devils Night - cause I came back to take what's mine! [Kon Artis] It's like I'm on the john, tryin to shit and get no response Constipated bitch, tell these pigs to back off! The mind of rapist, Denaun never changes Beat up strangers without a reason, I'm a anus Walk the street in a "Beat It" jacket with a glove to match it Drop the hatchet I put my head on opposite and step backwards Walkin zombied it's ornery Pullin armed robberies on politicians without a sense of camraderie [Kuniva] Yo, I can concoct the nine slot, plus I run with the best Hop on a motorcycle, bustin wheelies over your chest Bystanders standin by, thinkin oh what a mess Blast through every hickie that them bitches put on your neck What the fuck do you expect, when the slugs are dealt And make you feel every ounce of pain that Bugz done felt A deranged team, smokin ganja greens This car beam'll make your fuckin head shake like tambourines I pledge allegiance to the streets of the D And if you think you out cold, catch a piece of this heat And when it blast, it'll take off every piece of your {*scream*} From her barettes to her cheeks to her cute little feet [Bizarre] STOP TAKIN DRUGS!! I'm tryin My little boy is dyin, he losin too much iron And if I die, it won't be because I got shot It'll be because I tied my arm in a sock and smoked rock Takin drugs is cool, that's why I buy 'em Shoot 'em up my ass, let your little brother try 'em Ten years is what I'm facin Police breakin in my house, Lil' Bow Wow in the basement (Jermaine!) A rapist that'll bust in your mouth I'll probably be in jail 'fore this fuckin album comes out I'm eighteen years old, still shit in the bed Beaten 'til I'm red, fed nothin but water and bread It's me again, fuckin dirty jinn So what if it burns, bitch when I stick it in No medication, I'm out of perkasets I lost my weed, plus my fuckin diaper's wet [Eminem] It's Devils Night! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: D-12 Album: Devils Night Song: Revelation Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash I don't wanna go to school.. I don't need no education I don't wanna be like you.. I don't wanna save the nation (daddy no!) I just wanna live my life.. everyday a celebration One day I'ma leave this world.. I'm waitin for the revelation [Bizarre] I wanna kill myself! I'm still debatin In front of a baptist church, masturbatin Prayin to Satan - think I'm crazy cause I smoke crack Live on B with the mac in a two family flat (fuck it) Tired of gettin hit in the face with a broom My moms on her period, my dad's in my room (Daddy no!) I got ten rocks and I need to get out I sold them in five minutes, at my own damn house (Moms smoke crack) My poor grandmother, God bless her soul The bitch got AIDS (aww) she just waitin to die of a cold (hahaha) There's three things that keep me from bein a Nazi I'm black, a fag, and my dad's Liberace [Kon Artis] No matter how bad the beatin, I went to school cheatin My dad whooped my ass at a PTA meetin Stick with school I had to have nuts just to do it Got bored and became truant When I had the gall to go I just couldn't do it I was lured into corners by the peer pressure shit How would you feel if you was held by the tip of a barrel Gettin threatened to get your skin ripped to bone marrow Bet suburban kids never got rushed for their apparel like me, outcast, last in class First to leave, when the teacher called on me Best believe I had somethin up my sleeve [Eminem] I've been praised and labelled as crazed My mother was unable to raise me, full of crazy rage An angry teenager, nothin can change me back Gangsta rap made me act like a maniac I was boostin, so influenced by music I used it as an excuse to do shit, ooh I was stupid No one can tell me nothin hip-hop overwhelmed me to the point where it had me in a whole 'nother realm It was like isolatin myself was healthy It felt like we was on welfare but wealthy Compelled me to excel when school it failed me Expelled me and when the principal would tell me I was nothin, and I wouldn't amount to shit I made my first million and counted it Now look at, a fuckin drop-out that quits Stupid as shit, rich as fuck, and proud of it That's why [Swifty McVay] I was raised with a rifle and mask Steadily beatin my psychiatrist ass just for askin about my past (bitch) I was never on that punk shit; fuckin around can get yo' belove abducted, smothered in blood quick You couldn't pay Swift to give a fuck Was crazy like my father, it musta been poison in that nigga's nut Far as probation, fuck peein in cups I violate at any time, let 'em see the blunt I grew up steadily masturbatin inside of cells Young as hell, havin conversations with myself You could tell I wasn't lenient, a disobedient Lynched and slapped teachers, bitch I'm not readin it You don't know what dawgs go through, a little nigga Sippin liquor with my old dude, what the fuck you gon' do? I'm quick to curse you, I told my mother that I'ma hurt you if you ever again mention a curfew [Kuniva] Look, my family ignored me and I don't like that They don't even listen when I tell them I'll be right back (Yeah whatever) This nice beautiful house ma, it don't mean shit Cause you know daddy's a drunk and he don't clean shit And yesterday he hit me like a grown fuckin man I couldn't stand up to him, I just ducked and ran I'm sick of this, I wish on Christmas that I can get a loaded four-fifth and put a fuckin end to this (Fuck it) I got no friends and I can't get a bitch Only thing I have is dirty magazines and sticky fingertips Nothin to smile about, I'm about to lose my mind Got me an automatic nine, now I'm ballin out [Proof] Wait 'til school's over, pu-pil are people to shoot through Kids goin cuckoo, with a two-two Since my friend is this new dude, in this high school Losin his noodle learn that people don't like you The football jocks is, spittin on him Popular kids in school is now pickin on him Burn out youngsta niggaz now hittin on him And his teacher in his english class keep flippin on him And now he's grounded with no allowances for drinkin forty ounces, cause he was caught by his counselors And why the fuck I gotta ride the bench coach? Already got expelled for wearin a trenchcoat All I ever seen is.. {violence, violence} Told me to keep silent, stop battin my eyelids It's apparent that my parents weren't parents at all That's why I blew out my brains and murdered you all The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: D-12 Album: Devils Night Song: Girls Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Eminem] Hey yo dawg I got some shit on my motherfuckin chest that I need to get off cause, if I don't I'ma fuckin explode, or somethin Now look - this is a story about some little fuckin girls that I know It goes like this.. It's so easy for me to make enemies any more it's sickening People are lookin for an excuse to jump on my shitlist Stickin their noses in shit that isn't none of their business I never asked, cared, gave a fuck, or wanted opinions Now I'm in the position that, I don't wanna be in - shit I never had no beef with your corny son of a bitches But now the shit is broke and you can't do nothin to fix it So I'm tellin you right now - motherFUCK a Limp Bizkit Now I'ma be real, B-Real was real He ain't say shit the whole time me and Whitey was beefin; see he chilled He was cool with the whole situation and kept it neutral I'd have never involved my crew if it wasn't for Pupils Peoples, whatever your backpackin cypherin name is Had I not opened a magazine and seen what you sayin and I'da never involved you, but you had to add your two pennies Now I gotta go grab my shitlist and add some new enemies Hit the studio and I'll admit, I had a few in me Fuck it, I roasted you, I ain't mad at you any But let it be known that song was never released, it leaked I'da never gave you that much attention intentionally Then I look on the TV, now look who's mentionin me That little fuckin weasel, DJ Lethal, on MTV After I gave you props in that song, you on national TV Talkin bout Everlast is gonna whip my ass when he sees me? Come on dawg, you was supposed to be on that song Talkin bout how bad you hate him, now you all on his thong? What's wrong? You scared, and Fred, you said you was dissin him too I shoulda knew better than to listen to you You fuckin sissy, up on stage, screamin how people hate you They don't hate you They just think you're corny since Christina played you And I dare you motherfuckers to try to diss me back That's a sissy act, and don't call me kissin my ass Cause I swear to God this ain't just a song I'm tryin to pre-warn you Lethal when I fuckin see you dawg I'm swingin on you! Motherfuckers must think cause I'm in trouble with the law that I won't jaw 'em, up my sentence and double it tomorrow Y'all some - girrrrls - y'all are some god damn girls Why do you act this way? - Why do you act this way huh? Why do y'all act like fuckin sissies you pussies keep talkin shit behind my back you just some bitches for that And we all knowwww - we all know, hah How fuckin cowards rollll - "keep rollin rollin rollin" In fuckin Bentley's and pretend to be down But as soon as someone calls you out You put your tail between your legs and bow dowwwn [Eminem] Now I don't ask nobody to share my beliefs, to be involved in my beefs I'm a man, I can stand on my feet So if you don't wanna be in 'em all I ask is that you don't open your mouth with an opinion and I won't put you in 'em Cuz I don't ask nobody to share my beliefs, to be involved in my beefs I'm a man, I can stand on my feet So if you don't wanna be in 'em all I ask is that you don't open your mouth with an opinion and I won't put you in 'em Now see if you diss me and I respond, the beef is on But if I help you sell one record and I see you at a show, I'll strip you naked See I was smart, I came back and scooped up my friends Now I got five dawgs that'll die for me like I'll die for them I'll fight for them, swing or shoot like I fight for Kim All of 'em been with me through this fucked up life that I'm in That goes for all of my dogs, from Royce to Dre From Xzibit to Mel-Man, 'til I'm hoist away in my coffin I'll never soften no matter how often I'm tested I'll never give a fuck, I won't never be interested Love me or hate me as much as Fred wants to be hated I will solemnly stand by every statement I stated This shit that I been through my pencil never could pencil But I will never be this gullible ever again though (nope) Next time I'll know when someone's copyin off me I'm not bein cocky, I just know when somebody's mockin me I stick up my middle finger, he sticks up his finger (hey!) I say "Fuck Christina" he says "Fuck Christina" but meaner So from doin a song with Method to beggin to get accepted I'm peggin Fred with the bottle of dye that he bleached his head with And as for Lethal, don't forget what I said I'm fuckin you up punk, you're dead! Don't think that I'm playin And fuck BIZKIT! Cause I know you're sayin fuck D-12 Only not to our face, under your breath, to yourselves You little - girrrrls - motherfuckin females Why do you act this way? - Why do y'all act this way huh? Why do y'all act like fuckin sissies you pussies keep talkin shit behind my back you just some bitches for that And we all knowwww - now we all know the truth How fuckin cowards rollll - "keep rollin rollin rollin" In-fuckin-dent me's and pretend to be down But as soon as someone calls you out You put your tail between your legs and bow dowwwn [Eminem] Now I don't ask nobody to share my beliefs, to be involved in my beefs I'm a man, I can stand on my feet So if you don't wanna be in 'em all I ask is that you don't open your mouth with an opinion and I won't put you in 'em Cuz I don't ask nobody to share my beliefs, to be involved in my beefs I'm a man, I can stand on my feet So if you don't wanna be in 'em all I ask is that you don't open your mouth with an opinion and I won't put you in it And that's it, that's all there is to it dawg If you didn't wanna do the fuckin song don't say you're down with doin the fuckin song and then back out at the last minute And then go on motherfuckin MTV talkin about Everlast can whip my motherfuckin ass If you're scared of Whitey Ford dog just say you're scared of Whitey Ford, that's it That's all you had to fuckin say, I wouldn'ta said shit I woulda backed off, did the motherfuckin song myself and not put you motherfuckers in it, that's all Now I ain't even on no rap shit no more I'm on some fuckin-you-up shit when I see you And I will see you too; oh, and by the way Fred That wasn't an accident I didn't mean to give you a play at the Music Awards Haha.. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: D-12 Album: Devils Night * Song: Shit On You Typed by: Uptownkilla181@aol.com  * available only on the European "bonus disc" edition [Eminem] I'll shit on you -- da da, da da, da da I'll shit on you -- da da, da da, da da I'll shit on you -- da da, da da, da da I'll shit on you -- da da, da da, da da I'll shit on you! I will shit on you I'll shit on you! Girl you know, its true I'll shit on you! Bitch or man, its true I'll shit on you! I will shit on you [Swifty McVay] I remain fatter than gluttony Tapin bombs to the back of record companies Blow 'em up if they ain't want me The national guard, they scared to hunt me I love beef; I got you hoes duckin me A drug thief, bitch I'll take your marijuana These slugs with keep your ass away from my corner I drown niggaz in hundred degree saunas You can act a fool if ya wanna (biatch!) It's this lyrical piranha  Strapped wit a grenade, in the pool with ya mama Attack her by the legs then I pull her to the bottom Twist nothin up like a condom Slap it if you fuckers got a problem When I see 'em, you hoes endin up in a fuckin mausoleum Or hidden in the trunk of a black and gold BM Pull in the garage while you screamin Keep the motor on then I'm leavin (I'll shit on you!) I'll shit on you! [Chorus: Eminem] I will shit on you I don't care who you are I'll shit on you! I don't give a fuck about you or your car I'll shit on you! Fuck your house, fuck your jewelry and fuck your watch I'll shit on you!  Fuck your wife, fuck your kids, fuck your family I'll shit on you! [Bizarre] I'm a alcoholic, with the fuckin toilet Pass the hotdogs (Bizarre aren't you Islamic?) Bitch shut your fuckin mouth I'ma keep eatin 'til Richard Simmons comes to my house with a chain saw to cut me out (me out, me out!) I'll fuck your wife, I had sex since I met her Too busy fuckin wit {your twelve year old} baby sitter (hahaha) And all women ain't shit - only good for cookin, cleanin  and sucking dick and thats it (I said it) I was responsible for killin John Candy Got Jon Benet Ramsey in my '98 Camry I don't give a fuck who you are I'll shit on anybody; truly yours the idiotic Bizarre [Eminem] My adolescent years weren't shit 'til what I do now I never grew up I was born grown, and grew down The older I get, the dumber the shit, I get in The more ignorant, the incident is, I fit in Ignorin the shit how borin it gets when there's no one to hit I don't know when to quit throwin a fit I know I'm a bit flaky but they make me Its they who rapped me and say they can take me Its they who legs I brake and make achy Its they who mistake me and make me so angry (I'll shit on you!) I'll spit on you  start pissin and do the opposite on you You weren't listenin, I said I'll cop a squat on you Start spillin my guts like chicken cordon blew and straight shit like Notorious B.I.G. did to that bitch  on his skit on his last album Pull my pants downward.. [Kon Artis] Is Richard Pryor still alive? If not I'm sicker than he was prior to him dyin (what?) Born brainless, this steel ain't stainless Your bloodstains are all over this steel god dang-it Bitch bring it, these niggaz that I hang with I hang you up naked by your ankles danglin (oww, oww) My need I stay stranglin, I don't need your help If you gon' give me the pussy I'll un-loosen my belt (I'll shit on you!) I'm what your daddy's not, your mom's kinda cock Your sister tends court, your aunt supply her rocks Buck fifty cross your neck Floss your teck, I'll beat you wit it across your chest [Kuniva] Yo it's only right I jack your car keys and run Spent all of my advancements on weed and guns For fun, when I'm drunk  I'll run a truck through the weed house Jump out and beat ya peeps down worst than Steve Stout Put you in chokeholds I learned last week From the Police man who caught me stealing weed from his jeep (hey, hey, hey!) I see hoes biting, y'all don't wanna brawl Thats like D-Bo fightin Peablo Bryson (I'll shit on you) So what you hollerin and yellin about I'll reach in your mouth and pull your fuckin skeleton out Niggaz get hit wit a two piece; bling bling Wit a poisonous sting, I'm such a violent thing [Eminem] Once I get on two, hits of X my disk slips and disconnects 'til I walk around this bitch with a twisted neck But still shit on the first bitch who disrespects (c'mon, I'll shit on you!) Over reaction is my only reaction Which only sets off a chain reaction and puts five more zainiac than maniacs in action A rat pack in black jackets who pack ten nine millimeters, five criminals pulling heaters  and spilling liters of blood like swimmin pools Shiesty individuals shoot at bitches too {*bullets spray*} A lot of people say misoginistic which is true I don't deny it matter of fact I stand by it So please stand by it before we start up a damn riot If you don't wanna get stampeded then stand quiet Boy, girl, dog, woman, man, child (I'll shit on you!) I will shit on you I don't care who you are I'll shit on you I don't give a fuck about you or your car I'll shit on you Fuck your house, fuck your jewelry and fuck your watch I'll shit on you I will fuck you wife if you fuck with me I'll shit on you You heard me {*Eminem laughs*} Bitch, I'll shit on you D-12 will shit on you I'll shit on you Your life Your wife  Your kids  Your car I'll shit on you Your house Your spouse Your rings Your things I'll shit on you I'll shit on you I'll shit on you I'll shit on you The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: D-12 Album: Devils Night * Song: Words Are Weapons ** Typed by: CTP0803@aol.com, OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash  * available only on the European "bonus disc" edition ** originally appeared on "Funkmaster Flex IV" [Chorus: Eminem]  My words are weapons I use 'em to crush my opponents My words are weapons I never show no emotion My words are weapons I use 'em to kill whoever's steppin to me My words are like weaponry on a record -----  My words are weapons I use 'em to crush my opponents These words are weapons I never did show no emotion My words are weapons I use 'em to kill whoever's steppin to me My words are like weaponry on a record [Eminem] Yo, the rage I release on a page is like a demon unleashed in a cage Lunatic, soon as I hit the stage My mind is like a fuckin stick of dynamite Onen I get behind the mic it's like the wick is lit you bitches die tonight My nine is like a guidin light at night shinin bright My fuckin grip is tighter than my wife's vagina, psych These cock-suckin cops got my Smith-N-Wesson I guess it's time to pick a different weapon, man the shit's depressin But Swift is getting me a new one for a Christmas present (Swift: "Come on Slim, let's go and teach this fuckin bitch a lesson") They managed to confiscate the pistol that I brandish But my plan is to use this bullshit to my advantage Shady stay creative baby hold your head up, don't you let up one bit on these motherfuckin suckers you're a soldier +GET UP+ STAND UP FOR WHAT YOU BELIEVE IN, LONG AS YOU BREATHIN THEY JEALOUS OF YOU MAN THAT'S THE ONLY REASON THEY BEEFIN! [Swifty McVeigh] It's that Dirty Dozen renegade You done pulled the pin out my grenade .38'sll move your shit up out the way You niggas wont forget about McVeigh; you got somethin to say? Let it out today or watch these bullets spray from these ten black fingers huggin these deadly millimeters that'll make Jeff Dahmer's look like he caught a misdemeanor See I'm +Dirty+, so I ain't gotta buy a pistol cleaner An official beater, don't let me see you with yo' heater You gets whipped with it, tell them motherfuckers Swift did it You packin somethin special in your crib then bitch get it I'm physically fitted to run yo' digits, I'm hostile (uh-huh) with this Roscoe pointed up your nostrils You get splitted and guess what, I'm blowin up the hospital and wouldn't give a fuck if you a cop or a hoe I'm Hannibal Lector, the spinal cord disconnector Findin whores to lock 'em up in motels to inject 'em [Bizarre] I'm eatin crews like I'm Hannibal There's no way I can be the gay rapper (Eminem: Why not?) I only fuck animals (Oh! Ha-ha) Stupid trick got my dick startin to itch Went to my mother's grave site, called her a stupid bitch One on one in this bloodsport I'm in divorce court, sold my bitch off a pack of Newports (Your honor!) Six times I been arrested; how would you feel if you was a Jehovah witness that always got molested? (It happens) I'm smokin dank drikin drank I can't have any kids cause I'm fuckin shootin blanks! Don't you know Bizarre don't give a fuck?! Nicole's a whore - I'm glad O.J. murdered the slut (uhh!) Responsibility - I'm negligent Bill Clinton's a fag, should be stabbed  Let Richard Simmons be the President (ohh HEYY!!) Call me a weirdo, call me Bi-zarre while I stick it up yo' ass while you shittin diarrhea [Eminem] Yo! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: D-12 Album: Devils Night */Bones Soundtrack Song: These Drugs Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash  * European "bonus disc" edition [Chorus 1] It's (it's) be (be) cause (cause) of (of) these drugs I do; that's why I do the things, I do Be.. cause.. of.. these drugs I do; that's why I do the things, I do [Eminem - speaking over Chorus 1] It was like.. whoahh and then the fuckin room started spinnin and shit And my friend came in he was like, "Yo! Yo! Em! Em! You puttin that shit up your nose again?" And I was like, "Naw" nuttin like - everything was just spinnin I couldn't even see and like, he started to look like a monster n shit Then I just started laughin and threw up all over the fuckin floor It's crazy [Chorus 2 - over last two lines of Chorus 1] It's because, of these drugs, that I do, that make me do these things, that I do, do these things, that I do [Eminem] My music is therapeutic for whoever's there to use it It's like, Lucifer's here to influence listeners through it You probably do what it said to do just from listenin to it It's got the power to get you to do it (c'mon) So when the shit comes on, I wanna see some shit jump off Some bitch get slapped, some motherfuckin kid get stomped So get this song, go run out and buy this disc And try this shit, as much coke as I just did Cause times like these, got me doin lines like these Plus I grab a pencil every time that I light weed It's probably because of the drugs Shady does what he does and is what he is, I'm dizzy Bizzy visit these kids [Bizarre] Hey Stephanie (hi!) Let's take some ecstasy (okay!) Now pull your pants down bitch and have sex with this dog next to me (huh?) 'Til I'm dead I'm takin blunts to the head Needles in my broken leg, listen to Grateful Dead These mescalines got me sure that I can fuck any whore with genital warts on the Warped Tour Who slipped this downer in my Snapple? Cussin out Interscope (Bizarre, you're signed to Capitol!) Fuck it, I was born with half a brain Sniffin 'caine, at celebrity basketball games You motherfuckers think I'm a gimmick cause I got a Cash Money tattoo and roll with No Limit (UNNNNGGGHHH!) The last time I sniffed blow I ended up in Denver, Colorado at an Iggy Pop show Bizarre be smokin a half a pound Fuckin the engineer's wife, while he's mixin my song down [Chorus 1] [Eminem - speaking over Chorus 1] It's like, back when I first went on tour I like, went crazy I was like out of control And - just was fuckin wasted every night, like wakin up the next morning like - where the.. Where the fuck am I at, what the fuck is goin on you see what I'm sayin? I was just like, out of control [Chorus 2 - over last two lines of Chorus 1] [Swifty McVay] These Benadryls got me stiffer than a mannequin Eight years old swallowin Anacins, standin over my bannister Laughin with a chromed out caliber (hahahahaha) The weed that I'm sellin this (?) look like the back of a tarantula I keep a substantial amount of aspirins in my Acura Smashin it, after framin a nigga with smack and dust I'm scandalous, drugs been ran for months Crackin capsules to expand our blunts I rolled it up and take the pressure to the head Now I'm lookin like a extra on "Night of the Living Dead" until they find me on a stretcher I'm quick to sample anything, bitch you got a tester? This crank'll have me blowin up banks like Uncle Fester [Proof] Ahhhh.. watch tonight, you'll admit that I'm a fiend Pop beans, 'scalines, along with amphetamines Ghetto kings, meddling with the smell of greens Got a Jell-o spleen, and see yellow rings (ohhhhhh) Blue pills, and purple mushrooms (Hey little girl, you got a curfew, don't you?) Missin since yesterday, perfect just for rape See I'm on judgment day, numb from special K Two tabs of X and vitamin C Swallow Hennessey along with Tylenol 3 Grindin the teeth at the signs of the E I lost six days at a time in the week The crime in the street hold your parents for ransom while D-12 gang rape Marilyn Manson In twelve hours we blow a pound of the chronic Barf up my stomach linin, drown in my vomit [Chorus 1] - 2.5X [Eminem - speaking over Chorus 1] Cause I like, I always tell people - yknowhatI'msayin like If you got an addiction, don't admit, to nobody, yknowhatI'msayin? Keep that shit to yourself; because if anybody sees that, yknahmsayin when you're out in the public eye and shit they're always gonna think that you're on that shit even if you're not That's why I always tell my friends, knowhatI'msayin but I mean, like for me, I don't give a fuck I'll probably end up, dyin from this shit one day Probably pick up a newspaper in the morning and it's like "Eminem dies from, drug overdose" - youknowhatI'msayin? And And my friends, they ain't no fuckin better, yknowhatI'msayin? They ain't nothin but influences, bad influences to me, y'know It's peer pressure, shit is like all peer pressure That's what it boils down to - and, I give in to it So do they.. [Chorus 2 - over last two lines of Chorus 1] - 2x The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: D-12 Album: D12 World Song: Git Up Typed by: eddie014@hotmail.com [Verse 1 - Eminem aka Slim Shady] 10, 9, 8, 7, 6, 5 ,4, 3, 2, 1 Ready or not here we come, here comes trouble in the club 11, 12, 13, pistols big as M-16's How the fuck we sneak in with this many heaters in our jeans Nina, two nina's, a peice and they don't even see us Some shit pops off we squeeze each one, they gonna think it's machine guns Vanos vo vano, bananas in our flannels Hands around our colt handles, hold them like roman candles So, vannas vo vannas, banana fanna fo fannas Who come back all bananas, banana clips loaded Managers, bouncers, and the club owners, the motherfuckers don't want us To come up on and rush in the club and run up in it with a bunch of Motherfuckers from Runyan, steady poppin them onions Ready set to go nut up, prepare to tear the whole club up Fixin to get into some shit, just itchin to choke someone up You know we finna loc'n when we mix coke with coke and nut rum up So yeah, yeah, oh what up, see my people throw shit up See you talk that hoe shit now, when you down you wont get up And can't sit up your so slit up, the ambulance won't sew you up They just throw you up in the trunk once they tag your big toe up Heater no heater, automatic no matic Mac or no mac it don't matter if I have or don't have it You never know what I'm packin so you just dont want no static And open up a whole can of whoop ass, you dont wanna chance to Risk it no biscuit, milli mac or mac milli Really wodie dont be silly, homie you don't know me really You're just gonna make yourself dizzy wonderin what the dealy Fuck it let's just get busy D-Twizzy's back in the hizzy! [Chorus - Eminem] Get up now! let's get it crackin, yeah, it's on and poppin This D-12 is back in this bitch, uh, there ain't no stoppin We're gonna get it crackalatin, what you waitin for the wait is over Say no more for tryin' to play the wall and quit hatin Get up now! notice you're sittin, what the fuck is you deaf You motherfuckers don't listen I said We bout to get this motherfucker crackalatin, quit, procrastinatin What the fuck you waitin for get off the wall and quit hatin [Verse 2 - Swift aka Swifty McVay] I keep a shit load of bullets a pit bull to pull it out And automatically explode {*explosion*} on motherfuckers until they mouth be  closed Permanently, you get burned until I quickly You can not hit me niggas to terrified to come get me Tempt me if you think Swifty won't send a slug {*gun shot*}, people run When the reaper comes, the repercussion gon' leave your blood Inglewood, steppin' without a weapon, you leave, you gone I be still rollin with stolen toasters while on parole Snatch you out our home, like eviction notices hoe When I unload, I'm known to never leave witnesses to roam When I'm blowed, I'll write the wicked in scroll at the toll When I'm sober I'm prone to roll up and disconnect your soul, nigga [Kuniva aka Rondell Beene] Now it's been proven it's about to be a misunderstandin In furniture movin, bullets {*gun shots*} flyin, lawyers and mothers suin Cause niggas don't know the difference, you bitches just stick to fiction It's sickenin, you can't even walk in my jurisdiction, rippin it Grippin the pump, and who wanna fuck with a walking psychopathic Pyromaniac Shady cats with eighty gats And maybe that's the reason that you gon' get it the worst And since you jumpin in front of everybody you gon' get it first I dispurse the crowd with somethin vigor and versatile So run and record you verses now while you got a mouth And it's not a joke, it's some kind of riddle Kunizzle will lift up a 12 gizzle and throw a party from my equittle And a glock that you will stop you from walkin Bullets'll hit your liver, I'll even shoot Native Americans A Indian {???} nigga, we back in your life and back in your wife Hit you in your back with a knife and get it crackin tonight [Outro - Bizarre aka Peter S. Bizarre] Hahaha, Yeah, D-12, we baacckk Haha,(Em: Get up now!) Hahahaha Runyan Ave soldiers, Amityville Who the fuck want it with us...nobody The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: D12 f/ Obie Trice Album:  D12 World Song:   Loyalty Typed by: Link10JK@aol.com * * send corrections to the typist [Eminem] Whoa! Yeah! Ahh! (Motherfucker's think they know us) G-g-g-g Guess whos back? D-Twizze!, O-Twizzie! Doc-Twizzie!, Shady-Twizzie!, slash Aftermath! Fiftycent!, G Unit!, Here we go!, Free Yayo! Mutha'fucker!, Benzino!, They don't know we finna' blow! Someone betta' tell them so... [Swifty McVay] You don't me, McVay and I doubt if you understand me Why would I give a fuck about you if we ain't family? I roll with a chosen few, and those of you that's behind me Witness the most potest' furocious niggaz that rhyme These bitches turn they back on you, actin' like they ain't did shit When you rappin' never mix bussiness up with your friendship If you lackin' up in this jungle, then what you breathe fo'? niggaz's don't love you, you got habits of breaking street codes Far as static, I automaticly get medieval When I'm after people, then I'll explode you bitches with C-4 These hoe's, have no insurance, bodies get repo' Making you vanish even when we ain't got our heat close Keepin' .44's where you're hoes are swallowing deep throat If you owe me dough then you know you falling asleep, close niggaz pupils that's what I do, I'm foolish will shoot you Cuz' I'm coo-coo, But I don't think niggaz can take in heat tho' [Chorus: Kon Artis - repeat 2X] See I'm a man, and a man gon' do what he gotta do And he ain't really family if he ain't loyal to you If they was really soldiers then they would do what we do And be loyal to crew and crew was loyal to you [Bizarre] I don't give a fuck, I'm quick to blaze chronic Smoke on so much green, use twelves and supa-sonic Bizarre pack guns and knives, put to dick to 'Nuns and Wifes Now who the fuck want to fight? Ain't nobody fucking with me, Ain't nobody fucking with the D' They get beat like a M-P You heard about Bizarre taking all them drugs You heard about Proof wil'ing in the clubs You heard about that nine that Eminem packs You diss us, you get you're fucking face cracked I'm from 7 Mile and stout, I'll shoot up you're house Next day, I'll pee in you're mouth.  [Obie Trice] Aiyyo, loyalty's first, all the bullshit second I showed you on the record, Cheers to who respect it Most of these niggaz neglect it Even though it's a known method From the hectic hood that you slept in You wanna' be an exeption That's when the weapon is leaving you're half stepping With that 'caine in you're left hand Obie from a section that'll stain up you're flesh and Have you on bare breast Questionin' you're affection for streets D-Twizzie no question One of the best groups that done it And Obie is their reflection Lil' homey that know sowly that loyalty is reckin' D-Twizzie fo' life, Obie Trice is second.  [Proof] Which one of you niggaz wanna' be ?boltion? bump heads When I got a passion for clappin'. . .with one hand Talent's on my roster this mobster's in dump land Send a gangsta to sleep two by two like bunk beds Never leave the crib without packing my black burner On some T. Ali rapper to merk a have murda Incorporated, Hitman Herry is at you're service Reach for me one more gain' and thats closed For life as D12, no ice and spreewells Every night that I chill in, I fight by free-will Knowing I can be killed Leaving my group, pieces of proof with a reason to shoot And a liecense to ill We lost Bugz and I'll be damed if we loose another man from our clan Without forcing our hand Estorting you're family, I'll torture you're granny For my nigga's, I'm on you're motherfucking porch with a 'Cammy [Kuniva + Kon Artis] Yo its funny how niggaz get caught along (and get bombed on) Knocking teeth in back of you're throat (and break you're jaw bone) (I'm on ignorant shit) these niggaz is bitch Pass me a cigarrete quick (shit is finna' get thick) Yo' man I'll get split (by a brutal and critical hit) With identical dent (or bullets with identical prints) I'm wishing you if (you come you're Lutenints a snitch) You teminant fick (and we know you ain't finna' do shit) I'll stick with my clique (The Kon Artis Bomb Artist) Kuniva The Rida' (Shooting through you're fucking Long John garmets) Dirty Dozen (We deep in the street) Unbelivable heat, we'll even lay you out infront of the chief of police Muthafucker' [Kon Artis] Yeah! D-Twizzie D12, Dirty Dozen Nothing but family up in this motherfucker' Loyal to everything that we do You ain't neva' gonna' catch none of us slippin by ourself 'Cuz we always together You know what I'm sayin Y'all niggaz don't know what family means Bugz watching over our ass Thats why we still alive know Knocking yall niggaz outta the clubs and shit Haha! Runyan Av. Baby! Shady Records! Where yo' mamma at nigga? The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: D12 Album: D12 World Song: Just Like U Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Eminem] Daddy? [Chorus: children singing - repeat 2X] I wanna be just like you When I grow up, just like you I wanna be just like you When I grow up, just like you [Bizarre] You don't wanna be just like your daddy Pimpin hoes, out here drivin Caddy's Runnin around town, fuckin with skeezers Shots in your ass, catchin diseases Son - your daddy got a foul mouth For fuckin - bitches in they foul mouth I can't help it, my group's D12 All we do is pop pills and stay in jail Talkin nasty shit, Bizarre won't stop I fuck two twins, with a midget on top (yeah!) A sick mind, rapin an old lady Knowin damn well Bizarre shouldn't have a baby All I can teach you, learn how to mack Smoke crack, smack a bitch when she talk back (bitch!) Matter of fact, smack your sister she's a slut Don't you realize, Bizarre don't give a fuck? HAHAHA! [Bizarre] Don't go to school, become a Catholic priest Sell crack to your Auntie Denice If Auntie Denice is short forty cent Make her get on the ground and {fuck} a small {*edited*} Nas is gon' probably hate me When Mos Def hear this, he probably gon' suffocate me "Why they let Bizarre rap on Hi-Tek track?  All he gon' do is talk about hoes and smokin crack" If your wife is pregnant, I call a whore Leave her no money, and go out on tour Nahh, hah, I'm playin - leave her somethin A pack of hot dogs and a fuckin dirty muffin (damn!) You're my son, I'm tryin to teach you somethin You're {*edited*} years old, it's time to start fuckin You know daddy won't give you no wrong advice Smoke weed, then listen to Obie Trice [Bizarre] HAHAHA! [Bizarre] All I can tell you how to do is pop pills and stay high .. and tell a bitch to suck a dick, AH-HAH! I'm a pimp, playah! A motherfuckin role model Hi-Tek The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: D12 Album: D12 World Song: I'll Be Damned Typed by: CSI2811@aol.com * * send corrections to the typist [Proof - Intro] Yeeaah! This is DJ Seven Deuce, live at Club Runyan, where all girls with burgundy hair get in free G-Unit in da house! What up baby Performin' live tonight live on stage.. .Captain Save-A-Hoe and the fabulous Case y'all, stick 'em out y'all All my Detroit players, let's go! [Chorus: Kon Artis] I ain't set the stroke and I ain't for games I just came to fuck and maybe get some brain I got a woman at the crib so I ain't your man I'll be damned, I'll be damned, I'll be damned You know all I really wanna do is fuck. I ain't gon' let a money hungry women set me up And if you think I'm that stupid you done pressed your luck I'll be damned, I'll be damned, I'll be damned [Kon Artis] You gave right, yes I love menage-a-trois And I got drawers as big as guys's big "wah" I'm a Trick Daddy nigga, so bitch how you figure that I wouldn't turn my niggaz on to you when I hit ya I probably could forget ya if I hadn't been drunk but choke a dunkadunk, keep my mind on hump When my mind's on hump to me my .9's in the trunk and Denaun got a line for every fine bitch I hunt Not once, twice, but three times the lover that your man is, and I'm a freak undercover I got plans for you, trick, I don't need a baby mother I got five of them motherfuckers tryin' to smother me already We can't go steady, but you can give me head Give me that, get the hell out my bed, and leave the shit My chap lips will cut nipples when breast fed and on the way, leave the bread with Achman(?) I'd love for you to stay but I got another date with a fat chick that eat cake on playskates She rubbed my funky ass feet and feed me grace plus my man in the closet ran out of videotape [Swift] I'ma make this one thing clear Ain't no woman hear gon' ruin my career All the hell you doin' is pursuin' a dream that's when you find out that life ain't truly what it seems All these hoes be lyin', bullshittin' each other And why the hell Kobe Bryant didn't wear a rubber He might as well have went and told the hoe that he love her I'm sure as hell ain't gonna go to court for my mother or my wife, and my sisters. So motherfuck a mistress They signin' a contract before these bitches hit this Never will a woman take me out that way I keep a RCA camera in there motherfuckin' face [Bizarre] What's your name again? It doesn't matter My name is Bizzy, a bodygaurd for Mr. Mathers Sit down girl. Let me get you a drink I'ma buy you a mink, and rape you in the sink From day one, I knew you was a hoe I put a rubber on my toe and fucked you some mo' Turn around, let me see your nasty ass Put on a Jason mask while I take off your maxi pads [Kuniva] These hoes be on some bullshit. Always tryin' to pull shit outta they ass. Get mad and put you on blast Tell 'em bitches how she fucked you sucked you, put it on you, boned you Yappin' off with they mouth sayin' she loved you All on your dick, callin' your phone, spazzin' and shit Havin' a fit until you feel like callin' it quits Then she starts callin' your chick wantin' to fight. Everytime you show up at a gig she front row with her friends. Flippin' you off Follow you to the bar, the bathroom the parkin' lot, to the car, pissin' you off Until you blackout, now you and the hoe is havin a scrapout You get locked up for assault and now you asked out The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: D12 Album: D12 World Song: My Band Typed by: akademik_geniuz_@hotmail.com [Intro - Eminem] I don't know dude I think everybody's all jealous and shit Cause I'm like the lead singer of a band dude And I think everybody's got a fuckin problem with me dude And they need to take it up with me after the show Because. [Chorus - Eminem] These chicks don't even know the name of my band But they're all on me like they wanna hold hands Cause once I blow they know that I'll be the man All because I'm the lead singer of my band [Verse - Eminem] So I get off stage right and drop the mic Walk up to the hot chicks and I'm all like "Sup ladies? my name's Slim Shady I'm the lead singer in D12 baby" They're all like "Oh my God it's him!" "Becky oh my fucking god it's Eminem!!!" "I swear to fucking God dude you fucking rock!" "Please won't you please let me suck your cock!" And by now, the rest of the fellas get jealous Especially when I drop the beat and do my acapellas All the chicks start yelling, all the hot babes Throw their bras and their shirt and their panties on stage So like every single night they pick a fight with me But when we fight it's kinda like sibling rivalry Cause they're back on stage the next night with me Dude I just think you're trying to steal the light from me Yesterday Kuniva tried to pull a knife on me Cause I told him Jessica Alba's my wife to be This rock star shit, it's the life for me And all the other guys just despise me be [Bridge - Eminem] (3x) My band! my band! my band! [Verse - Swifty McVay] You just wanna see a nigga backwards don't you Hey dad how come we don't rap on Pro Tools? Smash these vocals and do a performance But we in the van and he in a tour bus You don't want my autograph, you's a liar And no I'm Swift (oh I thought you were Kuniva) What the hell is wrong with our dressing room?! Cause my shit is lookin smaller than a decimal See I know how to rap, see it's simple but All I did was read a Russell Simmons book So I'm more intact, tryna get on the map Doing jumpin jacks whiling get whipped on my back [Verse - Kuniva & (Kon Artis)] Look at Em little punk ass thinking he the shit (Yeah I know man find himself takin on a flick) Hey I thought we had an interview with DJ Clue (Eminem: No I had an interview, not you two) You gon be late for soundcheck (Man I ain't going to soundcheck) And our mics are screwed up (and his always sound best!) (You know what man, I'm a say something) (Hey yo Em!) (Eminem: You got somethin to say?!) (Man nothing) I thought you bout to tell him off, what's up? (Man I'm a tell him when I feel like it, man shut up) (And you ain't even back me up when we supposed to be a crew) Man I was bout to talk right after you, I swear (Aww man whatever) I swear man [Verse - Proof] They say the lead singers rock, but the group does not Went from sold out arenas to the amusement parks I'm gon let the world know that Proof is hot I should cut his mic off when the music starts (Eminem: Hey yo it's.. ) Ready to snap on a dumbass fan Every time I hear (Hey dude I love your band!) We ain't a band bitch, we don't play instruments So why he get 90 and we only get 10 percent? And these guys acting funny every area code (Eminem: Proof carry my bag) bitch carry your own Can't make it to the stage, security in my way (Who the fuck are you? Where's Obie and Dre?!) [Verse - Bizarre] God damn it, I'm sick of this group Time for me to go solo and make some loot I told you I made the beats and wrote all the raps Till Kon Artis - slipped me some crack 'Lose Yourself' video I was in the back 'Superman' video I was in the back For the media, I got some suggestions Fuck Marshall! ask us the questions Like who's D12? how we get started? (What about Eminem?) Bitch are you retarded?! Anyway, I'm the popularest guy in the group Big ass stomache, bitches think I'm cute (hey sexy!) 50 told me to do situps to get buff Did two and a half and then couldn't get up Fuck D12! I'm outta this band I'm gonna start a group with the real Roxanne [Eminem Singing] Girl why cant you see your the only one for me And it just tares my ass apart to know that you dont know my band (Man fuck this!) {*punch*} [Chorus - Bizarre] These chicks don't even know the name of my band (ha ha!) But they're all on me like they wanna hold hands (fuck Marshall!) Cause once I blow I know that I'll be the man All because I'm the lead singer of my band [Bridge] [Bizarre] The hottest boy band in the world - D12! [Eminem as a Salsa singer] I'm the lead singer of my band I get all the girl's to take off their underpants And the lead singer of my band, my salsa Makes all the pretty girl's want to dance My salsa, look out for my next single it's called 'My Salsa' My salsa, salsa, salsa, salsa, my salsa Makes all the pretty girls want to dance And take off their underpants My salsa makes all the pretty girls wanna dance And take off their underpants, my salsa Where'd everybody go? The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: D12 Album: D12 World Song: U R The One Typed by: ctp0803@aol.com Now out of all the women in the place You got me staring at your pretty face And what that body I can truely say That U R The One, U R The One, U R The One Amazed by the way that you shake them hips Shaking ya ass all on my dick I get aroused by them sexy lips Cause U R The One, U R The One, the only one that can move... [Swifty] And you wonder why I call you every day of the week And have the operator breaking on yo line when you speak And I can say I'ma make you mine in a blink You nominated just for your behind and I'm geek You a thug with yo best of friend mud wrestelin Sitting in the corner with a mug and a cup of Gin See me looking for you and yo in in the pens see I hug you dirty You confronting me for flirting You wanted me to suddenly my company's a burden But I won't jump off balchony and how can I be hurting I'm just playing with you and it's working Yo friends can't save you, they faking like they nurses [Bizarre] The first time I saw you up in them Guess You the only reason I use Federal Express Shit.. I don't be having no packages Now I'm getting dressor lamps and big mattresses I go crazy when I smell your odor I just wanna pick you up and take you to Ponderosa Steak and potatoes whatever you want Alright just the buffet my publshing check didn't come You don't care about D12 you don't know about Bizarre All you know is that I'm weird and I wear a Wonder Bra THat's fine... I just wanna make you mine Niggaz say you a 3 I think you a dime [Proof] I love the way your body gridin all in my face Only thing that's on your mind is which wallet to rape Yo ass look so perfect with your thong on your waist Built like a stallion you belong in a race Got money by the barrell king kong in the place Movie and a dinner is as long as I wait Hey I ain't in your ear all talking dates Got you dizzy off the crissy you ain't walking straight Got a room key in yo booty and lets cultivate You so pretty love them titties they soft and fake Bring yo friends damn you skin smell like coffee cake Yo meet me at the place when you get off at 8 [Kuniva] The way you moving got me bugging out And you quit to take off your jacket and slug it out We thug it out pouring 40s out, We give each other dap In fact We both hate going out we both hate small gats You the truth yo for real yo I love you to death And if we break up I'ma stalk you and bug you to death Until you scared to leave the house because you know I'm in the bushes We went from hugs and kisses onto shoves and pushes It's all love take it in stride I'm only joking with you I don't get down like that, you know I'll never hit you But still and yet if I ever feel I'm about to I'll gently grab your shoulders +SHAKE THE SHIT OUT YOU+, girl.. [Kon Artist] I take 'em light skin, dark skin short and black Attitudes sassy and they ass is fat Corporate suburb but you can be a classy rat Louis Vuitton cost too much to have a bag to match Girl forget all that, I'm getting rich off rap And you can be my A&R as long as you got my back Sagittarius are entrepreneurs and that's a fact And your birthday is seven days after mine correct? Well that's two thing we got in common baby Hope it ain't a problem that I'm involved with Shady Cause come next year I will not be dating Cause my plans to be with yo stanken ass ok, ok, ok The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: D12 Album: D12 World Song: 6 in the Morning Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com [Intro: Eminem] Good morning! Haha. Wake your motherfuckin asses up! Aiyyo, what if so what Well come on then, you know what time it is Stop sleepin on my group BITCH! {*gun cocks, BLAM*} [Eminem] For whatever it's worth, it's worth me havin my ass whipped Cause I'ma have the last lips to ever kiss ass with I just can't get passed these little piss ants that wanna be Barney bad asses so bad And they so mad they can't stand it, cause we can and they can't spit And they can't handle it like a man And that's when it just happens and I snap then it's a wrap Then it's a scrap and it isn't rap, is it? Hip-hop isn't a sport anymore when you gotta go and resort back into that shit Maybe I'm old-fashioned, but my passion is to smash anyone rappin without havin to slap him Believe me, I'd much rather lift a pencil than a pistol when I'm pissed now, but it all depends on just how far it gets took on the mic Cause I'm tellin you right now you're not gonna like it Cause if I get pushed over the edge then I'm pullin you with me You poke a stick at a pitbull you get bit B Your words stick to you like crazy glue when you diss me Cause they just bounce off me, like bullets do 50 I'm the beautiful instinct, and you're gonna miss me when I'm gone, like Keith Murray when he threw his stool and hit a girl accidentally (ahh!) I do this with Swifty, Kon and Kuniva, Bizzy and Proof - are you with me? [Chorus: Eminem] Well c'mon then, everybody good mornin Kick your shoes off motherfuckers, come on in Cause we get it on and, 'til the break of dawnin Wake your ass up motherfuckers, quit yawnin Cause we ain't leavin 'til 6 in the mornin So ever sing along with the words of the song and If you don't know the words and you can't sing along then Fake like you know 'em motherfuckers and join in Everybody good mornin [Swifty] They consider me the epitomy of a beef starter In the party with heat, it's hard to keep me without one Fuck snubs, I walk in clubs with a shotgun Constantly poppin slugs, they hot son, better not run (AHH!) The bosses of all bosses; a holocaust to whoever ain't cautious In a house full of dog shit I'm a gothic death prophet, you'll stop breathin You'll die quicker than mach speed without bleedin It ain't about what you readin When you meet me better speak like it's Seasons Greetings Either that or we'll be beefin frequent You niggaz need an E just to speak shit And your heater is a petite bitch Keep the heater where you can reach quick I'll snipe you with it and won't even keep it a secret Nigga I did it from the mind of a mental patient When glocks sway you can save that conversation for Satan You brave? [Kon Artis] Yo, yo - I heard you niggaz don't like us but so what, this beef is like what the fuck did he say in his rap - am I conceded? He just a punk I mean these niggaz'll squeeze on me pleased when seein guts I don't need no enemies cause my family a couple trucks And my {?} and a mic, they empty out on them bike to fight you in front of everyone important that I don't like No need for metaphors to get points across when I write This emotion's enough to say, "Fuck you bitch and I don't like you!" WHAT! I might as well give this up, but that'd be selfish as fuck You'll leave D12 in this, but we can't self-destruct I've never felt it this much, c'mon fellas get up! We gotta fight like Bugz last night of his life, C'MON! [Kuniva] I walk with a limp, pistol hangin off of the hip I'm awkward and quick enough and sick when sparkin a fifth Your carcass is split, even if beef is partially thick We can't take you serious, you a comedy skit You probably wish that you could be out, shootin at G's But the only thing you shoot is the breeze, I can't believe you speakin on movin ki's, but every time we hear you kick it The only thing that you sellin is woof tickets I look wicked cause niggaz'll test your nut sack So when they bust you better bust back or get your guts clapped outta your stomach, and when they want it I'll bring a hundred niggaz from Runyon so get to gunnin if you comin The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: D12 Album: D12 World Song: How Come Typed by: samkhadra@aol.com [Eminem - Talking] So I changed huh, you got a phone Pick up and call me [Chorus - Eminem] How Come.. we don't even talk no more And you don't even call no more We don't barely keep in touch at all And I don't even feel the same love when we hug no more And I heard it through the grapevine.. we ain't even beefin now After all the years we've been down.. ain't no way no how This bullshit cant be true We family.. ain't a damn thing changed.. unless its you! [Verse 1 - Eminem] We were so young  So full of life and vibrance  Side by side, wherever you was riding, I went So close, almost on some bonnie and clyde shit When Ronnie died you was right by my side  With a shoulder to cry on and tissue to wipe my eyes  And a bucket to catch ever tear I cried inside it  You even had the same type of childhood I did  Sometimes I just wanna know why is it that you succaim to yours  And mine I survived it. You ran the streets, I 9 to 5ed it  We grew up, grew apart as time went by us  And I blew up to both yours and mines surprises Now I feel a vibe I just cant describe it Much as your pride tries to hide it Your cold your touch is just like ice  And your eyes is a look of resentment I can sense it and I don't like it [Chorus - Eminem] How Come.. we don't even talk no more And you don't even call no more We don't barely keep in touch at all And I don't even feel the same love when we hug no more And I heard it through the grapevine.. we ain't even beefin now After all the years we've been down.. ain't no way no how This bullshit cant be true We family.. ain't a damn thing changed.. unless its you! [Verse 2 - Kon Artis] It was my dream at first to be off spitting a verse  On my own album with a deal but shit got worse Fore I came out I woulda killed a nigga first For I let him disrespect me, or check me over some  Worst some bitch that I wasn't with I woulda hit it and quit But you were p'aing to talk with her and tell her she was the shit I told you don't get involved with her You would smoke in the car with her Coming outta the bar with her Stumbling half drunk Like y'all was husband and wife or somethin But me catching her fuckin other niggas musta hurt your pride or something Cause you were offin' your mouth to people like you wanted with me When all I tried to do was show that your bitch was shifty And every sister, fares and all the shit that I produced You acting like I aint your man and lying like she cant be loose But I am really your friend, I'm just trying to tell ya the truth Dont hate the game or the player The one thats changing is you [Chorus - Eminem] How Come.. we don't even talk no more And you don't even call no more We don't barely keep in touch at all And I don't even feel the same love when we hug no more And I heard it through the grapevine.. we ain't even beefin now After all the years we've been down.. ain't no way no how This bullshit cant be true We family.. ain't a damn thing changed.. unless its you! [Verse 3 - Proof] Its gets lonely at the top cause my homie had to stop Now we acting like I gotta live only for the block And homies in the hood only see me on the tube So they gossip on the porch Get ta speaking all rude fools I used to rap wit all expect magic Like my finger get to snappin And poof it just happen  But proof is just acting out the part he was thrown  Shady made it so my babies aint starving at home  See the devil in your glance Since the ghetto we been friends, forever real intellegence  Thats forever till the end  I peep the hatred in your eyes, and the satan in your lies  Aint wasting my time with these snakes in disguise (HOW COME) When you talk it's with bitter and spite? (AND HOW COME) It's my fault for what you did with your life?  And everytime I go to hear you play, you look away  We barely embrace, you cant even look me in my face [Chorus - Eminem] How Come.. we don't even talk no more And you don't even call no more We don't barely keep in touch at all And I don't even feel the same love when we hug no more And I heard it through the grapevine.. we ain't even beefin now After all the years we've been down.. ain't no way no how This bullshit cant be true We family.. ain't a damn thing changed.. unless its you! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: D-12 Album: D12 World Song: Leave Dat Boy Alone Typed by: eddie014@hotmail.com [Chorus - Eminem] Y'all better leave dat boy alone, cause if they don't Y'all know he gon' come back on 'em And they don't want him to come back strong I wouldn't durr get dat dere boy goin I said leave dat boy alone, cause y'all don't know him Dat dere boy he out cold And dat dere boy he been known To stir some shit up when he in that zone [Bridge - Eminem] Better leave dat boy alone Better leave dat boy alone Better leave dat boy alone Cause you don't want to get dat boy goin Better leave dat boy alone Better leave dat boy alone Better leave dat boy alone Cause you don't want to get dat boy goin [Verse 1 - Swift] It's my attitude that's makin me bust shit, I ain't to be fucked with So basically niggas wastin they time tryin to touch Swift I run with a bunch of killers that dealt with punks Returnin bows 'fore you be lookin at yourself get stomped I'm a dysfunctional bastard who will puncture your ass With a mag and I'll be glad to send another one after you Without no hesitation, I run up in your house and wake your spouse up And give her gun to mouth resuscitation A niggas information, they hunted and they sad Got 'em mad cause they shittin through their stomach in a bag We comin too strong so it's irrelevant to blast you We master ready, slash like relatives of Manson When you hear us niggas think it's elephants dancin Comin near us is the worst mistake that could ever happen When I'm in my vehicle, I'm pullin you in I gaurantee that the world will never see you again [Verse 2 - Kon Artis] Honest to God I usually try to keep to my self But it's kinda hard when you surrounded by ignorants, well Let me explain somethin to ya, a real street nigga Ain't tryin to get in the streets, he's tryin to get out, feel me And he ain't the type of dude to pop a E and get drunk And wave his heat all in the air like he's some gun hoe punk At least a soldier in the army lose his life for a cause Y'all niggas dyin over pride just to prove he got balls I play keyboards, I dont play beef You borrow guns, I own shit that explode when it hit You think it's wrong that you hoes thinkin you can't really get sleep Cause you laid a nigga down without any meat My conscience won't allow me to make decisions in vein I'm a mayne I do my biddin and I do it again If you take it to that level, I take it to whoever Want to harm me and my family, Runyon Ave forever [Verse 3 - Kuniva] Now people know I live triflin I express it through writin If you can't feel it, then I must express it through fightin And I just bought me a gauge and added on a new knife And I strike people so fast people think I threw lightning Clash with a few titans, blasted a few hype men Been harassed by two dykes who wanted new {???} Plus you know I'm too violent, to be out with you wilin Cause as soon as you drivin I'm a spit a few five ones And I love to kunive son, and you let the live run I know how to hide guns, skinny or wide ones Go buy me a long sub and hide it inside buns You lookin for hoes, and up in here you goin find none You niggas done tryed once, and you can kiss my nuts You soft little dry cunts, get stuck till your eyes shut No time for the wild ones, I'm writin these five words "Fuck you dick ridin' niggas" count it, it's five words [Bridge] [Outro - Eminem] (Swift: Swifty McVay) (Em: Dat boy he hot to death) (Kon Artist: Mr. Porter) (Em: Dat boy he hot to death) (Kuniva: Kuniva) (Em: Dat boy he hot to death) Yep, better step before you get beat to death Y'all don't want it wit dem there boys Dem dere boys dey be makin noise Dem dere boys got all kind of toys Y'all better step before you get destroyed Haha, D-12 Dem dere boys be hot to death, dem boys Yup, yup...yup, Red Spyda... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: D12 Album:  D12 World Song:   Get My Gun Typed by: Link10JK@aol.com * * send corrections to the typist [Eminem] I'm gonna get my gun! (Interlude) Eminem: This motherfucker wants to disrespect me? Kon Artist: Em, Em, what the fuck you doing man? Eminem: I got something for his ass Kon Artist: Calm Down Eminem: No YOU Calm Down! Kon Artist: Man.. what's your problem? Eminem: Fuck that! The motherfucker want's to pop shit to me!? Kon Artist: Man, he wasn't poppin' shit Eminem: You heard him he was poppin' them shit Kon Artist: What shit? Eminem: That shit! You heard him! Kon Artist: He asked for your autograph! [Swifty McVay] A mass murderer pack burners to blast further then you can get My shit be shooting threw bricks I mix anything togetha, I done guillotine a nigga Keep it heated, I pop clips with 17 or betta I'll be severin' heads, I'm in everyones nightmare A nigga that can never ever be scared of the feds And the niggaz that'll fuck with you Stab and brass knuckle you Then have you in the public, theres nothing that you can do Enough with you're motherfucking tough talk, you're soft Get you're balls blew off, from a sawdof, Fa' raw dawg? Crazier then all yall, what you like the navy when I'm angry You'll never catch me hanging in a lops car All I have is thought of, breathing evil Desert Eagle's will eat threw people When I see you I'ma heat you're beef slow Fuck being peaceful, the piece in the vehicle and (Chorus) [Eminem] I'M GONNA GET MY GUN! This motherfucker's poppin' that shit Nah fuck that i'll be right back I'M GONNA GET MY GUN! Nah motherfucker fuck you You ain't disrespecting me like that I'M GONNA GET MY GUN! Walk to the room, sixteen shot clip Bitch how you like that? I'M GONNA GET MY GUN! Bet you ain't know that I'm strapped Nice one, bitch this is my gat I'M GONNA GET MY GUN! [Kuniva] I bring it to niggaz looking as if they want trouble I send they body flippin' around like a stunt double Forget about the fighting, scrapping, squabing, buckin' I'll squeeze the piece you jumping, dodging, duckin' Squat under trucks and screaming "that niggaz bluffin'" I cuff my nuts while cussing "don't trust him" I round up Runyan, Dave, Wood and Nico My nigga Big I and Mal' lettin' the heat blow Heat sleep hoes got in you're neepo 'Cuz you keep shooting at me and missing like Shaq's free-throws You gotta hit a little closer if you wanna try Pistol whip a soldier, with a missle on his shoulders You can fold or blow ya' brick house into some tiny boulders A grimey older cab will leave you with a tiny odor I'm doggish, you feeling frogish, you leap bitch My car is right across the street bitch and.. (I'M GONNA GET MY GUN!) [Proof] My whole outfit count clips Get you're house lit the fuck up You're spouse shit, and you're mouse clip Betta' watch miscountliss, slugs imma send Watch you hollow when the hollow tips go threw you're skin I'm in love with the sin, tell Bugz I'ma see him When I cock back might put the door on you're friends Make a run, gotta him, bust a slug on his chin Ain't going no were like the drugs outta Kim I'm a psycho icon, a mightful might bomb Get a eye full of lid when I slight you're lights out With a street cleaner, whipe you're life out Bullets know at you're ears, like a Tyson fight bout Fuck the night clout, guns, clips...(I'M GONNA GET MY...) Fuck that run bitch! Hit the streets talks, chumps don't know me Ain't no probably be home lonely (Chorus fades to background music) [Eminem] Dumbass motherfuckers allways gotta come to me with some dumb shit! ... Fucking... I don't told this motherfucker Wassup bitch!? Autograph this!... oh shit (I'M GONNA GET MY GUN!) I'm trying to pull the trigger but its stuck!...FUCK! My shit is all jammed up!...UGH! C'mon you cock-sucking, good-for-nothing mother-fucking piece of shit shoot...AH! Yeah!, wattup bitch!? say that shit again! Shot the bullet missed, hit a brick, bounced of it ricocheted back in his shin Went threw his bitch on his way back, hit his friend Payback homie, don't play that shit is spin To be on I told you to leave this shit alone Or...(I'M GONNA GET MY GUN) And it's a shame I'm to drunk to even aim Denaun stept in the way and I shot him in his leg Its like..  [Kon Artist] Bang, Bang, Bang, nigga, Pow, Pow, Pow Everybody busting rounds like they "Ra',Ra',Ra'" But when you seee me in the street I be like wassup now? They bodyguard be stepping in trying to calm shit down (Chill out man) Fuck that I got a bone to pick You said it then have settle like some grown man shit Then me and you could talk about our problems couldn't we? Shoot a fair one and handled this situation seriously I guess not, you wanna' resort to the heater So I gotta grab my Mac and my Uzi and my Nina Step in between us and get shot ?But get seperated with the squeaza? You ain't ready for war, Runyan ain't nothing to play with! (Chorus) [Bizarre] Walk to Rite-Aid for a can of speghetti Its been one hour and bitch my photo's ain't ready Picture's of my dog and my family reunion It's been two hours and my fucking days ruined Hey "Kate" do you wanna get raped? Have my pictures on fucking Philips 38 That's why I don't be fucking battle rapping 'Cuz everytime I loose, this is what the fuck happens (Gun shots) Back to these pictures I was trying to get developed This man tried to get in front of me, I wouldn't let him I'm ready to blow this bitches brains out I'm nervous, I farted, some shit came out Times up, shot her with a gun Got on my cell phone and called Rev. Run And all this crazy shit I, regret it..  All because I wanted to see Elton John naked The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: D12 Album: D12 World Song: Bitch Typed by: latepolka@yahoo.com * * send corrections to the typist [D12] We got something for the bitches!!! [Intro - Eminem] Aha, these bitches always be all... giggling and shit (come on BITCH) but they get mad when their favorite song don't come on in the club (get em') catch an attitude and shit (come on BITCH, come on BITCH) so we got one for them, it goes like this (BITCH, BITCH, BITCH, BITCH) [Eminem] We wrote a song for the hoes You like to hear it, here it goes A little somethin you probably won't hear on your radios So when it comes on in the club it's one that everyone knows And if I'm talking to fast it just means you're listening to slow And if you listen a little faster maybe you'll catch up, BITCH Ju jah jah jah dah du ju jah  You just made me mess up, BITCH Blibiri babiler blabber It don't matter, I'm just blabbering  Like you understand what I'm saying Anyway I'm just traveling in one ear and I'm out the other You're so fuckin drunk all you hear is the Beat and the beat I could be sayin anything, just get ya ass on the floor Wear the same pants that you wore from the day before Baby and shake that ass like a whore [Chorus - Eminem and Kon Artis] Yeah I'm talkin to you BITCH Get up and dance BITCH Wiggle that ass BITCH Yeah that's it bitch Yeah I called you a BITCH, BITCH What you going to do about it BITCH Sit there and cry like a little BITCH, BITCH Get up and dance BITCH Wiggle that ass BITCH You little trash BITCH Yeah thats it Yeah I called you a trash BITCH Not trailer trash SWITCH Take the person you with and exchange partner BITCH [Swifty] tell me that it aint no hangin, and fuck callin home untill you look at me before you answer the phone when I flee, your ass can get naked and be as free as you wanna be freak but I'm takin the key with me. you aint gonna get shit, so dont even ask disrespect my wishes, BITCH, i'll beat your ass watch me comin home floor eatin half of your doggy bag and I leave laughin, while you callin me on the rag I'm the type that might cut off the lights when I hit and before she cut them on, Kuniva already SWITCHED your ass aint even ridin with Swift unless you're hoein when I'm done, I throw you out and ask you where you goin [Bizarre] Hoe ain't the only thing you call a girl Slut, Tramp, (oh, how you doin sir?) ever since I was eight, I been startin to hate I said fuck the Hoes, and started eatin cheese cake scrambled eggs and steak, strawberrys and grapes damn that sounds great, hold on wait (Bizzy!) okay, back to the bitches, wash the dishes after that give me stitches, a fuckin half indian chick, sucked my dick this time tommorow, I wont remember shit got respect for a player, got on snoop gators but they aint now laters bitch. [Kon Artis] hey baby whats up with you  [Dina Rae] hey!  [Kuniva] aiiyo your man here with you  [Dina Rae] nope  [Kuniva] nah, you single, I can tell [Kon Artis] you came with them hoes didn't you  [Dina Rae] uh huh  [Kuniva] no he meant friends girl, excuse him mr. lick it  [Dina Rae] hahahaha [Kon Artis] aiiyo lets get this party crackin these bitches ain't got bitches  [Kuniva] damn, now you know he didn't mean that  [Dina Rae] come on you seen that [Kon Artis] she all whining and shit, get this bitch a kleenex  [Dina Rae] what did he say?  [Kuniva] nothin, he said you seem stressed [Kon Artis] naw, you gots a big butt  [Dina Rae] huh?  [Kuniva] and you wearin your nice dress  [Dina Rae] cause I was gonna say [Kon Artis] oh you wasn't gonna say shit  [Dina Rae] excuse me?  [Kuniva] he said Michael Jackson just got another face lift  [Dina Rae] oh! [Kon Artis] dumb hoe  [Dina Rae] nigga  [Kuniva] no, gumbo, he wanna cook it for you tonight [Kon Artis] bitch, what up though, just fuck for a buck, do somethin strange for change or make me holla for a dolla, just hop in the range ( [Kuniva] shh, shit, shut up nigga, no, shut up)  [Dina Rae] man fuck both of y'all niggaz  [Kuniva] see I was tryin to be polite, stank ass trick  [Kon Artis] oh somebody is jackin off tonight [Proof] oh you a BITCH but dont choke, I say the same to my momma I got Christina, Britney with me, shit, we bangin Madonna watch her strip you on that 10 bitch aint got change for a dollar blow your tounge and give this one the mouth you came with a condom quick cum is the motto, so just swallow and breathe, swallow and breathe, now swallow these p's I know you moca lotti mommies won't get down on your knees you want some money honey damn you must be outta your weave hit the telly fuck her belly you aint gotta go weak plus you wanna be a model you need a lot of more sleep I'm a pimp bitch dont be shy, show me them big tits your lipstick, I want it smeared all on my limp dick for instance, busting nuts is only my interest so princess, don't get your feelings hurt cause men just party and bullshit till she gargle and swallow the dick I'm takin the train to spain, don't bother calling me bitch [Outro - Kon Artis And Eminem] yeah, you heard me bitch., did I stu-stu-stutter stupid you aint listein to the words of this song anyway all you do is listen to the beats with your dumbass, BITCH dancing, tryin to get a nigga money in the club, with your stupid manipular self we was talkin bout you dough dough, you, you dumb bitch, YOU! the one that want a drink and dont want to pay for it spend all your money you make all week on that dress and I spill a drink on it, actin like I'm drunk when I'm not I'M JUST TRYING TO FUCK, I'M JUS TRYING TO FUCK BITCH! HAHAHAHA, whoo!, D-Twizzy, yeah!, BITCH, BITCH, BITCH The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: D12 Album:  D12 World Song:   D12 World Typed by: Link10JK@aol.com * * send corrections to the typist [Intro - Chorus] Welcome to D12 World! Where you can get anything from sex, X, to girls Welcome to D12 World! Prostitutes and guns, so fuck the real world (Distorted) The world wants me to cope I don't smoke crack, I don't smoke crack, I don't [Bizarre] Fuck the silly shit, I pull a mac milli quick when D12 rock his summer it's over with All these bitches and all these hoes what the fuck you looking at me for? (You, nigga!) Oh yeah, you like my chain, want to get your skinny ass up in the Range I like my bitches raspy and nasty I like a fat and nasty bitch named Ashley [Swift] I slide you dope without no procrastination and you can watch me fuck up your imagination I'm always drunk, and I fiend to smack hoes I mean it, I leave them screamin' like pteorodactyls This is our world..  [Kuniva] We'd love to smack you Hot lead flying with debris and schrapnel Rippin' you to shreads, fuckin' up your tatoo Break into your crib, take your records and plaques too [Kon Artis] D12 is, that's who! Got you limpin' Still poppin' somethin' purple with a bottle of gin bitch! I fuck up your kinship, I lie in this shit Peep, I stole your mom's jeep and crashed into my street [Proof] Crazy deranged, of course we Shady's gang of course we wear clothes with holes and blood stains No doubt, we shoot badges, born with ski masks Chew on shro, rainbows, and p acids Welcome to D12 World! Where you can get anything from sex, X, to girls Welcome to D12 World! Prostitutes and guns, so fuck the real world Welcome to D12 World! (Kon Artis Singing) Welcome to D12 World! Aaaaahhhhh!!! [Kuniva] Aiyyo Niggaz be talkin' shit, but they layin' slugs? now I graduated from techs, I grip a pump now I used to be nice, but nice don't cut it Now I over they wig, if they don't uppen my budget [Bizarre] Them D12 niggaz, they be quick to blast I take my shower cap off, and whup your ass Steppin' to us, you can't be the smartest cause you'll get dropped like an Aftermath artist [Swift] They catch me mingling by a bitch with class when she turn I'll be sprinkling some shit in her glass What part of this you can't understand? I'll emiliate a man, worse then making a band (Kuniva - Don't be mistakin' that man) (Kon Artis - He'll invite you over.) Real fast, and pass your ass a glass of ebola [Kon Artis] I've been doing this for a minute and I'm starting to see my little brother (??) look more like a star then me That's why I just started workin' out Man, this shit ain't workin' out (Kon Artis conitinues singing till song fades) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: D-12 Album: D12 World Song: 40 Oz. Typed by: akademik_geniuz_@hotmail.com [Intro - Bizarre] (background "WHAT!" - 16x) Yeah nigga! It's D12 up in this motherfucker! You know how we get nigga we wild in the club Motherfuckers, everybody get crunk in Detroit too nigga! So wile the fuck out! [Chorus] (Backround "WHAT!" - 16x) Pour Your 40 out!! Guzzle It! (8x) Bitch! [Verse - Bizarre] We fucked up, let us in the club One of y'all niggaz gon catch a slug I'm so drunk, I could hurl for a month Any nigga pop shit, go to the trunk D12 start shit, nigga come get us 7 Mile Runyon, wild niggaz wit us Cause all my niggaz, is talking that shit And got no problem, wit smacking no bitch I'll have my wife, cut your throat Blunts, cannons, that's all we smoke Wile the fuck out, stab you wit a knife It's D12 nigga, we ready to fucking fight! [Verse - Eminem] Who's trying to be the first one To catch this blade in the throat?! You know them po po don't let me hold 'em toasters no more! I just clapped at three, you gon be number four! If you don't back the fuck up and get the fuck off the floor! My crew is taking over as soon as we hit the door! You hit the door, but we comin in and you going home! Security, they can't even stop us because they know! Runyon Avenue, soldiers hold us down, rep where ever we go! Chugging on our 40's and holding our forty-fo's! We come wit toasters like we just opened savings and loans! And we don't need your brew tonight homie we brought our own! So grab whatever you sipping on and let's get it on!! [Verse - Kuniva] We deep as a motherfucker, we bout to get it crunk You just another punk in the club about to get jumped I settle my vendettas wit AKs, barettas We don't 'posed to be in here wit our weapons but still they let us Switch blade, brass knuckles, nickel plated belt buckle Broken beer bottles, when we walk in you can smell trouble Elbows flying, bitches crying, niggaz bleeding You retreating, running to your car and skating off, re G'ing We examples outta you haters running yo mouth You reason why you peoples is pouring they 40's out Dirty Dozen wiling, beat niggaz bloody And you gon have to pour out a keg for all your homies! [Verse - Proof] I was raised by drunks so I became a drunk 80 Proof on this vodka, that's the name I want I'm in the club to beef, you gotta murder me dead Only talk to a bitch - wit burgundy hair On the Isle in the Vette, bumping Seven Duece! See that top on that 40, you know it's coming loose See me on the ave daily, be running this shit If your chick get loud I'll G Money that bitch Packing mags and clips, I'll smash ya clique Because of Proof they put the G in the alphabet Smoking weed, drinking Henny, Remy and that Jimmy Don't worry if you run out the corner store I got plenty! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: D12 f/ Young Zee Album:  D12 World Song:   Commercial Break Typed by: Link10JK@aol.com * * send corrections to the typist [Kuniva] Yo, testing This thing back on again Alright, perfect, God damn good Yo, this is Rondell Beene I'm back on the motherfuckin' scene and I'm upset as a motherfucker I mean first I didn't get paid for the D12 shit You heard me rippin' on there, they just edited my verse out Then I was on Obie's shit, I was in Obie's video and that Obie go ahead and I didn't get paid for that shit And now they got this bald head weed smokin motherfucker and his name is... [Young Zee] Young Zee, keep movin' for the macs. Be cubin' Hmm? I'll make you sing like big Ruben Man, in the hood, I'm the American Idol First I fight you, and then run up on your stairs with a rifle Bang. Tech claims make you wipe out like X-Games> Next sprain's in your motherfuckin' leg bang? Tryin' to shoot me like they tryin' to shoot 50 Either you gon' die or need a new kidney Till I drop, I'm a sell to your friends Till I get some of that tin, in the federal pin I spit better than them niggaz wanna fight me, better go get in the gym or the metal'll spin. Since smokes' in 'Nam doin' drugs than Eminem moms Ten times, Dirty Dozen. All x times Bash your ride, crash when you drive flip your dumbass out the passenger side Uhh {*car crash*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: D12 f/ B-Real Album: D12 World Song: American Psycho II Typed by: ava_azn@yahoo.com [B-Real] Yeah homie I thought we told we been fuckin' loco Cypress Hill, D12 bitch [Hook: B-Real] I'm a little bit off the chain, call me insane But the fact remains that I'm a psycho Better get it through your brain When you say my name, never say it in vain cause I'm a psycho [Bizarre] We fuckin' crazy We'll fuckin' snap in a minute bitch [Swifty McVay] I'm a motherfuckin' omen, I bow down to no man Split a nigga open, killin' folks compulsive A soldier with a motive, scrotum big as boulders I hold 'em then unload on you, put it on a poster So everyone can notice who was focused on us Pokin' they nose in our business, hopin' that I don't come smoke 'em No one knows my notions or emotions, I'm a vulture You niggaz close to croakin' any moment and I know when I could fuck the culture up, probably rap A maniac wit' anxiety attacks, I don't wanna chat Speak when you spoken to And I don't have to read a fuckin' magazine or quotable To notice what you ho's will do [Kuniva] We all soldiers We move as a unit, we all roll up And show up at your residence, light your front door up Get scared, life ain't fair And I'm prepared to blast you just as fast as Dre can say "Hell yeah" So watch what you say cause it can happen either today or the next minute I can draw the heater and spray and I'm dead serious You could be dead period, end of story I'm on your porch wit' a gun and your son, sippin' a forty Nobody can hold me, I does it all by my lonely I stomp your head when you awake, you be looking like Gumby Aftermath and Shady bitch, you can read it and weep You see my poster in the 'hood for the "G of the Week" [Hook: B-Real (Swifty McVay)] I'm a little bit off the chain, call me insane But the fact remains that I'm a psycho (heh, you know what? I am crazy, heh, it' hell, haha) Better get it through your brain When you say my name, never say it in vain cause I'm a psycho (heh, nigga I'm 'bout to snap at any minute nigga evacuate) [Bizarre] They found Saddam, but they ain't gonna find me I'll be under a tree in Buttfuck, Tennessee And I don't know too much about my daddy Except he spit in my face and fucked me in my fanny I ain't a racist, I just hate whites Fags and dykes, blacks and tranvestites Thirteen years old and joined a fuckin' gang Hair under my ass cheeks feeling the fuckin' pain Am I insane? Who really knows Cause any second my temper can fuckin' blow I get colder than December Black the fuck out, tomorrow won't even remember See Bizarre can show you what violence is all about And this Dr. Dre beat done brought it the fuck out Run in your house and put a gun in your mouth And blow your brains the fuck out [Eminem] I probably got a screw loose or two, or maybe three or four of 'em Some fell out and hit the floor All I know is ever since my fuckin' head hit the snowbank I been a little Neanderthalish, no thanks to my man D'Angelo Bailey But I just take it slow daily, my biggest dilemma's Tryin' to figure whether to use the flat head or the Phillips Or just go to the Home Depot and pick the new power drill up Gives me two hours and six days and I'm still up I feel like I'm about to snap any minute There's a new Tower Records about to stop and get a fill-up Pick the new Cypress Hill up And go find who did that shit to Xzibit And go fill up a whole liquor bottle with piss And shatter his fuckin lips wit' it [Hook: B-Real] I'm a little bit off the chain, call me insane But the fact remains that I'm a psycho Better get it through your brain When you say my name, never say it in vain cause I'm a psycho [Kuniva] Cornell Pitts a.k.a. Bugz Rest in peace homie The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: D12 Album: D12 World Song: Bugz 97 Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Bugz] Fuck that! Who run shit once these drums hit? You dove headfirst into some ol' dumb shit Here's a can of asswhip, for you to come get Yo' click made they trip, I make them hoes suck mint Ask them girl, they know the scoop, don't fuck with Bugz bitch I chop off her titty, have you suckin one tit Them pink belly niggaz, is who you run wit Makin half-ass songs, shitty snares and one kick I hate yo' damn sound, don't like it one bit! You could make a double album, won't have one hit! Your entire outfit, is on some bullshit And there's not a damn one that I can't outwit I ad-mit, that my style is unfit for momma's baby boy, because I'm on some dumb shit Like I commit, larceny, give harm quick You pull the alarm switch I stab you in your armpit Now who the nitwit wanna come get wit this egotistic hip-hop fundamentalistic Don't risk it, you get your shit split Now keep your distance, and keep existance I'm persistant when it comes to bend shit Smoke the, blunt with my judge right before my sentence I'm relentless, to deny is senseless Yo' bitch pay my bill, that's where the hell yo' rent went Fuck that! {*gunshot*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: D12 Album: D12 World Song: Good Die Young Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Intro] Dawg, I shouldn't have LEFT They wouldn't have TRIED that shit if I was witchu Maybe we would've, picked another time or, maybe chose another way Or maybe my prayers would've convinced Him to, choose another soul Shiiit, it's just me and man Tony now Man, you look so peaceful right now How can I argue with that? They say that the good die young [Chorus: Kon Artis – singing] They say that the good die young (die young) That's why I think that you should have fun (when you're young) Cause time won't wait for no one (uh-huh) When God calls, you gotta go home (go home) They say the good die young (die young) That's why I know that we gon' have fun (huh?) In this life Cuz, you only get one When God call for me don't cry, I just went home [Kon Artis] Yo, I'm sure that everybody heard they momma say it be days like this When you see, one of your friends die in the mist In the struggle, into the circumstances A risk that they take, just to prove a point to a friend Even then, accidents are prone to happen to any man or woman that's dumb enough to pretend it Huh, God will hold 'em accountable for sins that they commit and they try to repent the sins to repent But – I guess that's the way things go I was blessed to see twenty-fo' To wake up to that "Hi, My Name Is..." video Motivated me to write what I wrote And I knew my little brother sold dope And mom and daddy wanted to move our row I did it – I still got a lot to prove and show I just wish we ain't have to lose Bugz through the struggle Cause you know.. [Bizarre] I know you used to Bizarre on some silly shit But niggaz in my clique - is dyin quick (for real) In Detriot, niggaz don't party They pull a fo'-fo' out, snatch off Ducartis That's why I keep the pistol under the truck I'm 27 years old, too old to be gettin jumped And fuck rap, I miss Karnail Pitts B-U-G-Z, tatted on my wrist Me and you in the jeep, listen to {?} beats It's a shame me and Fuzz don't even speak I got married, my wife name is Dee Peace to 31, and 5150 bitch [Kuniva] Yo.. I think back on that tragic day my phone rung And Bizarre's voice tellin me Bugz was goin home It was like a knife piercin my chest and I couldn't breathe I didn't wanna accept it, didn't wanna believe it I swear, at his wake dawg I cried so hard Literally - Denaun had to carry me to the car While I stand in this booth now, it's tearin me apart But I had to let it out cause it was tearin at my heart Cause he died over somethin so petty and so small A human life is so very precious, I hope y'all understand how I'm feelin cause I love you Bugz I wanna rhyme witchu, laugh witchu, hug you Bugz But I can't, and you were so close to see your dreams A coward came along and took you away from the team So don't mistake this track as just another song This goes out to everyone who lost a loved one Cause you know.. [Proof] They say it's never too late to have an early childhood If I could turn back the hands of time, God should forgive what I did as a kid that run blocks Now my dreams is just scream "Cops" and gunshots The fun stops when your homie's up in the box My duty Bo, rest assure, snuffed by the cops I used to court shit a lot, if there's a guy I'd pprobably say somethin If you love him so much why ain't you gave nothin? But he took my homie's slippers only in eleventh grade Now I hope to see his face at the Heaven gates It ain't never late in the game, Satan remains with a grudge to see slugs break through my frame My heart aches with the pain, the light limits breath We gotta have fun now, there's only minutes left And in death cause stress young'uns is sucked in To get tats for my fallen homies, I ain't got enough skin Yes y'all! [Swifty McVay] When I was younger I knew fo' brothers that wasn't wise That crashed and the driver died My partner on the passenger side was paralyzed And I'm surprised by the look of that ride, that the other two survived Nine months later, another one dies Somebody shot him in his side when he was startin up his ride (AHH!) Three years go by, I made a hell of a run And that's when Funky got done, Joey playin with guns And Tookie over funds, Cardie was my man And Reggie, I wish that I was witchu in that van And Bugz, if it wasn't for you You know I wouldn't be standin in this booth And that's the truth - I miss y'all [Chorus] – repeat 2X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: D-12 Album: D12 World Song: Keep Talkin Typed by: eddie014@hotmail.com [Intro] Yeah... Detroit, Motherfucka.. DJ Green Lantern D-12, We ain't goin' nowhere.. We still smokin' crack, nigga.. Let 'em know {*laughs*} [Chorus - Eminem] Bitch, keep talkin, keep on poppin off Flip them jaws because, we ain't stoppin We ain't got to prove shit to y'all So all y'all can lick the balls and keep walkin Keep on poppin that shit you poppin Cause we ain't stoppin cause, you ain't stoppin us We ain't got to prove shit to y'all So all y'all can lick the balls and keep walkin! {*gun shots*} [Verse 1 - Kuniva] (Em: Come on!) Yo, the derelict's back, I'm blazin niggaz While they up in the Sheraton, 'laxed, I even sold my therapist crack You niggaz is bitches, straight up, I'm bearin the facts I love pussy with all my heart, but I married a gat {*gun cocks*} And nigga, I'm top pedigree, so don't play with me I'll blow your tattoos all over your baby seat {*gun shots*} Kids and all get hit, peers and all The Mosberg'll take your back, liver, ribs and all {*gun shot*} Kuniva's a street talker, heatsparker to beefstarter Packin guns when I'm sleepwalkin (Em: Bitch, keep talkin) Throw a firebomb down your chimney {*explosion*} While you're eating at Wendy's, I'm in your bushes cockin a semi {*gun cocks*} Knife with the hands, never bow down to another man I was poppin guns while you was still poppin some rubber bands Smother your clan, sever your hand and your legs And mail your brother your heart, and send your mother your head [Swift] I'm the only one, you bitch, that touch ya, type of brother That'll fuck your mother, wit a fishnet rubber {*scream*} A belligerent and rowdy motherfucka That'll dump your body, and still fly away to Maui on Atella When it comes to beefin, it ain't no explainin I change your language with a stainless I'm contained wit an anguish to leave you famous I'm a deranged pit, I left an AK to paint your face with {*gun shots*} Niggaz don't say shit, fuck your hype man If there's a bystander standin by, I'm firin' at cha {*gun cocks*} Cause I can, you get squashed like pop cans {*crunch*} I'll be shooting 7Up in your mouth, man I'm about to sell your mama bud, and lace it So when she fire it up she coughin blood, I love to see 'em wasted I'm made to behave in this case You try to be brave in a rage your legs will be replaced [Verse 2 - Bizarre] (Em: Bizzy, come on!) I ain't here to talk about Benzino, or Ja Rule I'm here to talk about Lil' Ray Ray, and what I'ma do Sorry, I ain't gonna mention you, you'll probably sue Next week, this shit'll be out on DJ Clue (exclusive!) The first time I had sex, a dirty mattress No condom, my grandmother bent over backwards (Ugh!) Bizarre been fuckin raw all summer Let's make a trade - my wife for your brother {*gun shot*} Psych! I'm not bisexual I'm an intellectual transexual with one testicle (One nut) And I ain't sayin shit cause it rhyme I got colon cancer - I'm dyin [Proof] Yay-i-yay! Rest in peace Jam Master Jay 2-Pac, and Notorious B.I.G., c'mon I'm widely the best, God in the flesh Blow your heart out of your chest And your chest out of your vest {*gun shots*} Leave your body a mess, streets bloody as hell Study my 12, I cut him he fell A druggie on bail, nutty as well With search light, bud he revealed, dead or in jail They're headed for hell Together with bells and blonde guy, get your lungs hard Leave you full of holes like Spongebob {*gun shots*} We can take this from your front door to your CEO office Got the key to your coffin (Em: So bitch keep talkin!) Leavin your office, we takin over Or get Chyna White, mixed with baking soda Ya hear me...GET CRACK! [Eminem] Fuckin' crackheads! And this is just mixtape shit, you fuckin' morons! This ain't brains over brawn This is bullies over fuckin pussies! {*laughs*} Come on! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: D12 Album: D12 World (UK Limited Edition) Song: Slow Your Roll Typed by: britkill@tlen.pl [Intro - Eminem] Guess who? New shit! D12 World D-Twizzy! [Chorus - Eminem] You don't got a reason to want no beef You ain't got no ends to justify the means You don't got a cause, you better put it on pause You don't got the balls to fit in them draws So whatever it is you thinking that's got you gassed You better start rethinking and thinking it fast Ain't nobody told you, homie, ya wanna ask You better put them brakes and let off the gas And Slow Your Roll [Verse 1 - Swifty McVay] Teenas a menace to many, I'm not friendly you get shot in the Kennedy fast You popped willingly you walkin around with Pac's identity I'm a mockery you 'bout to watch what it's fin to be I'm not mentally focused but lyrically we got it locked And it's not about droppin albums, I'll sock a nigga on the spot You can't help it but to imagine this walkin massacre A madman strapped with a magnum blow that spasm out ya back And just stand there and snatch your medallion See I can't fear any nigga that can not happen The immaculate Mack handler That got this wrappin by the back of his neck A scavenger I'm a threat then you fear me like a hand full of syringes I'm ill enough to scream at your front do', blow it off the hinges I'm marksmatic to press marxman outta walkin Cause soon your body can catch me shootin up your carcus So don't provoke shit, I wish the whole mankind was a neck so I can choke it Furocious and you ain't gonna be knowin where ya folks is Fuck the milk cartons and posters It's over, they ghosts [Verse 2 - Proof] (Eminem) Niggaz is bitch instead of diggin a ditch I'ma see how fill this river can get even bitches get hit I'm walk dog on all fours embark'em with long claws Just fight for the wrong cause your boss with thong drawers (Oh No) You ain't in my racket bitch followin faggots wit wanksta tats on their ass (Magic Stick If I get hit once you get hit twice - backwards) These thugs need to do what he love and just play the back Before I'll Put A Sword On Ya Head Like A Raider Cap You bust I'm sprayin back, leave your hood layin flat (Wraaa!!!) Now what you gonna say to that? [Verse 3 - Bizarre] Pull up the candy truck Throw up, blow up, beat a handicap bitch up Fuck Butter I kill the DJ I don't need you bitch I got a instant replay Lay down bitch get butt naked And fuck the viagra I'm tryna nut in two seconds All around the world, fuck wit different cliques You ain't got no weed get the fuck out my room bitch [Verse 4 - Kuniva] I'm calm but I steal on niggaz like I was clepto Put that chrome shit to ya head like you was Destro Why stop niggaz, why not pop niggaz, we cop figures Keep them toast like I hop nigga, we breathe dirt so be alert Or get them guns on ya chest like a "Welcome to the Hood" T-shirt Let's go back before throw backs, before I dro sacks I used to blow gats, bullets'll find you like a low jack I'm hopeless, a ferocious dosage of dope shit A culprit of culture a chaotic comotion Kuniva will blow shit off the map I post it Knock you off your penny load so fuck that cold shit [Verse 5 - Kon Artis] I point my fingers to the ground, throw my waist to left of me To knuckle should ship like a Em upside down and you best be On your P's and Q's people we sees to use No one see's your views, so now you see's exclusives And put it in your little magazine, but you should Know that was the most desperate thing that you could Pull out of your crotch you faggots all owe us much Start doing heroin lines for as much as you gossip Like bitches with Oscars, ya'll actresses 45's make bodies flip like flabby tits Bullets coming at your door like a buck up 6th Now what the fuck you gonna do to get up out of this shit? Your record was sellin 10 years ago you dumb bitch Do the math, you'll never have a Shady/Aftermath ring And that kind of staff to back that ass up so back that ass up Before we clap that ass up .. [Chorus with Kon Artis ad-libs] [Outro - Kon Artis] Nigga you better ask somebody These niggaz think they can just put shit out on their own Fuck'em .. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Bad Meets Evil Album: Hell: The Sequel Song: Welcome 2 Hell Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Intro: Eminem] Yeah (yeah) Told you we'd be back (told you we'd be back) Welcome to hell (welcome to hell) [Eminem] There's a switch, I flip, emotions cut off So cold I done froze my butt off And this ain't even the tip of the iceberg yet It's like squirtin a squirt gun in the ocean, fuck off! Other words, I ain't put a dent in the game  compared to the damage I have yet to do As long as you still have feelings to hurt I'll be around as long as you let me get to you Long as I got two balls to palm I'll be the bomb, you just a false alarm Get scant little pissants  and see if I don't come along and stomp your farm Thunder and lightning, rain, hail, sleet  with a tornado's the kind of brain storm I get So when wind starts blowin shit Talk about goin in? Goin insane's more like it Wizard of words when he spits hazardous with it  like a disastrous blizzard So you better listen quick fast or miss it Yeah go ahead little prick bastard, diss it But when you get hit with a sick ass explicit  flow don't ask how much of his passion is it that goes in it, just know that all he knows is that  it's better to kick ass than kiss it Dick Dastardly of audacity Mental capacity unmatched, it has to be stopped but it can't be, but man I can't just keep  doin 'em like that or no one'll rap with me (yeah) Except one, you ask who is it? [Royce Da 5'9"] Guess who just came through the blast, you bitches? With the ratchet, the Book of Mathew A book of matches lightin 'em under white linen You 'bout to have to admit it They pass you the mic, ask you to spit it And you got handed your own ass, your ass in your own hands I'm sure they gon' laugh when you goin to the bathroom wit it Now with what would you come against us? Better be somethin, with a Bigfoot pedigree Easily these are the reasons  that we need to be in y'all prayers Each region breeds them MC's that wanna be them  what means that they wanna breathe our air With these ideas Anybody thinkin the game don't need, the Bad and the Evil regime That's like sayin that the bad boy Piston team didn't need Isaiah [Eminem] Shit piss and bleed, this is a different breed of MC's, I swear Better beware there's too much at stake/steak  and to find someone this raw on a beat is rare You can kiss my ass and eat shit stains  out my underwear that, I don't even wear [Royce Da 5'9"] It's gotta be no fair It's like hittin the lottery, oh yeah Who you know hotter? There gotta be no pair Shotty that I got'll lobotomy yo' hair Classic, smash it, smother it Read it and weep then perhaps you will have no rebuttal in fact you seein me in this rappin  is like sayin Tila Tequila can sing like Jazmine Sullivan [Eminem] Back to bash your skull again Push a bitch out the Aspen and tell her  "Get the fuck outta Dodge" (Dodge Aspen) Shouldn't have to explain my metaphors You has-beens are duller than, color books that ain't colored in Second and third fourth wind, got another wind Here they come again, none other than  Bad and Evil, also known as Saddam and Osama Bin It's been a long time  but I bet that neither one of us have felt sicker than we do right now And we only get iller with time Me and Nickel fuckin shit up on a dime, so tellin us to pipe down's like talkin to a meth head Bruce Willis on his death bed, last breath with an infection Fightin it while he's watchin internet porn  'bout to meet his death with an erection My God, what I mean is  David Carradine jackin his penis in front of his tripod Chokin his own neck, what part you don't get? I'm sayin I +Die Hard+! [Royce Da 5'9"] When you listenin to my bars Nothin but the F-I-R,-E comin out your iPod We come up in the place  chicks heads start spinnin like motherfuckin white walls [Eminem + Royce] Got your mother suckin my balls  while we fuck each other, we punch each other in the eyeballs And I never say I'm sor-ry The 5'9" and the Fire Marshall  We, spit with an intensity to shut shit DOWN in the industry Two different entities with a propensity  to put these N-U-T's up inside of your fuckin, mouth! [Outro: Eminem] Haha, aw shit, stop it (stop it) Yo, welcome to the CD (welcome to the CD) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Bad Meets Evil f/ Sly Jordan Album: Hell: The Sequel Song: Fast Lane Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Royce Da 5'9"] Uhh, first verse uh, I'm armed 'til I'm on an island My life's ridin on the Autobahn on auto-pilot Before I touch dirt Or kill y'all with kindness, I kill ya! My natural persona's much worse You've been warned if you been borned or if you conformed Slap up a cop and then snatch him out of his uniform Leave him with his socks, hard bottoms and bloomers on And hang him by his balls from the horn of a unicorn Y'all niggaz intellect mad slow, y'all fags know Claimin you bangin, you flamin Bet you could light your own cigarette with your asshole Me and Shady deaded the past so that basically resurrected my cash flow I might rap tight as the snatch of a fat dyke Though I ain't wrapped tight My blood type's the '80s, my '90s was like the Navy You was like the Brady's, you still fly kites daily [Eminem] Catch me in my Mercedes bumpin "Ice Ice Baby" Screamin Shady 'til I die, like a half a pair of dice, life's crazy So I live it to the fullest 'til I'm Swayze And you only live it once, so I'm thinkin 'bout this nice nice lady Wait don't stop me now 'fore I get on a roll - danish Let me tell you what this pretty little dame's name is cause she's kinda famous And I hope that I don't sound too heinous when I say this Nicki Minaj, but I wanna stick my penis in your anus! You morons think that I'm a genius, really I belong  inside a dang insane asylum; came to drive them trailer parks crazy, I am back and I am razor sharp, baby And that's back with a capital B with an exclamation mark, maybe you should listen when I flip the linguistics cause when I rip this mystical slick shit You don't wanna become another victim or statistic of this shit Cause after I spit the bullets I'ma treat these shell casings like a soccer ball I'ma kick the ballistics; so get this dick! I'ma live this [Chorus: Sly Jordan] I'm livin life in the fast lane Movin at the speed of life and I can't slow down Only got a gallon in the gas tank But I'm almost at the finish line so I can't stop now I don't really know where I'm headed, just enjoyin the ride Just gon' roll 'til I drop and ride 'til I die I'm livin life in the fast lane (pedal to the metal) Livin life in the fast lane (pedal to the metal) [Royce Da 5'9"] Uhh, yeah My whole goal as a poet's to be relaxed in orbit At war with a bottle as Captain Morgan attacks my organs (c'mon) My slow flow is euphoric, it's like I rap endorphins I made a pact with the devil that says "I'll let you take me You let me take a shovel, dig up the corpse of Jack Kevorkian" Go back and forth in, more beef than you can pack a fork in I'm livin the life of the infinite enemy down, my tenement chimney now The semi's the remedy pow, spin him around, enterin in the vicinity [Eminem] Now - he's called Eminem but he threw away the candy and ate the rapper Chewed him up {*ptu*} and spitted him out; girl giddy up and now get-get down He's lookin around this club and it looks like people are havin a shit fit now Yeah little tr-tr-trailer trash, take a look who's back in t-t-town Did I st-st-stutter motherfucker? Fuck the mall He shuts the whole motherfuckin Walmart d-d-down every time he comes a-r-r-round And he came to the club tonight with 5'9" to hold this bitch down Like a motherfuckin chick underwater he's tryin to dr-dr-drown Shorty when you dance you got me captivated  Just by the way that you keep lickin them dick suckin lips, I'm agitated Aggravated to the point you don't suck my DICK then you're gonna get decapitated Other words you don't fuckin give me head then I'ma have to take it! [Royce Da 5'9"] And then after takin that I'ma catch a case, it's gon' be fascinatin It's gon' say the whole rap game passed away on top of the affidavit Graduated from master debater slash massive masturbator to Michael Jackson's activator (woo!) Meanin I'm on fire off the top, might wanna back up the data Rollin over hip-hop in a verbal tractor trailer Homie they sick, you could normally ask a hater Don't it make sense that these shell cases is just like a bag of paper  dropped in the lap of a tax evader - homie they spent [Eminem] Now make that ass DROP like a sack of potatoes, what girl I'm the crackalator Percolator of this party, be my penis ejaculator later Tell ya boyfriend that you just struck paydirt You're rollin with a player, you won't be exaggeratin when you say you're livin [Outro: Sly Jordan] Pedal to the metal Pedal to the metal {*echoes*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Bad Meets Evil Album: Hell: The Sequel Song: The Reunion Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Intro: Eminem] Aiyyo, this next song, is a true story (Come here, bitch!) Cause some things in this universe Don't make sense but some-how, always seem to fuckin work [Eminem] Flyin down I-75 'bout to hop on 696 I look over this fuckin chick's tryin to fix  her make-up, I'm like bitch - you ain't a plastic surgeon I advise ya to put up your visor, I'm gettin kinda ticked You're blockin my side mirror, she's like "Yeah, so?" I'm like, sew? You gon' need a stitch you keep actin like that, hoe I look like your husband, slut? That's a rhetorical question, you talk to me like you talk to him I'll fuck you up! In fact, get in the back seat like the rest of my dates, no bitch rides shotgun, what? Taxi Stop and pick you some Maxi pads up, is that what you actually asked me? {*smack*} Bitch reaches over and smacks me Says I annoy the FUCK out her, get the fuckin back, put on your slut powder You slut, what? And shut the fuck up now or get your feelings hurt worse than my last chick when I accidentally butt-dialed her  and she heard me spreadin AIDS rumors about her Turn the radio up louder, make it thump while I bump that "Relapse" CD tryin to hit every bump And that cunt thought I snapped back into ac-cents Cause she kept askin me to quit callin her cunt, I said "I CUN'T!" [Chorus: Eminem] She said, Marshall you ain't really like that Ohh-ohh-ohhh, you're puttin on a show, where's your mic at? Cause you're breaking my hearrrrrt She said, you're breaking my hearrrrrt Cause, cause you ain't really like that Ohh-ohh-ohhh, you're puttin on a show, where's your mic at? Cause you're breaking my hearrrrrt She said, you're breaking my hearrrrrt [Royce Da 5'9"] Uh, pull up to the club in a Porsche, not a Pinto While Marshall's at a +White Trash Party+, I'm at drama central I walk up in there lookin at my phone on Twitter tweetin I'm feelin a bunch of bitches lookin at a nigga cheesin I get approached by this little skeezer She asked me am I the realest G cause I'm Gucci from head to feet and I said, "Yeah, I'm really is Cause I'll spit in your man's face like Cam did that little kid on +Killa Season+" She said, "I'm feelin your big +Ego+, wait, am I talkin wrong?" I said, "Nah, I'm a walkin Kanye/Beyoncé song" She said, "I'm mad at you" - I said "Why?" She said, "Why you never make songs for chicks as if it's hard to do?" I said "I'll make songs for me, leave the studio and go and FUCK the bitch who belong to who makin songs for you" She said, "I'm feelin your whole swagger and flow Can we hook up?" I said, "Mmm, you just used the word 'swagger' so NO~!" She said [Chorus: Eminem] You ain't really like that Ohh-ohh-ohhh, you're puttin on a show, where's your mic at? Cause you're breaking my hearrrrrt She said, you're breaking my hearrrrrt Cause, cause you ain't really like that Ohh-ohh-ohhh, you're puttin on a show, where's your mic at? Cause you're breaking my hearrrrrt She said, you're breaking my hearrrrrt [Eminem] We've been ridin around in this hatchback 'til I'm fuckin hunchback Where the fuck's this party at slut bag cunt? Cut what act? Think it's an act? Fuck that, I'm tryin to shag scuzz, better find this love shack or somewhere to fuck at; ah, don't touch that You fat dyke, I'm tryin to hear some +Bagpipes  From Baghdad+, don't act like you don't like 'em, them accents I rap tight And I'ma torture you 'til we find this place, yeah that's right Thought it was just past this light, just past Van Dyke Better hit that map light - read them directions, oh yeah You can't read, and you can't write, told me that last night She took my CD out the deck, snapped it in half like {*snap*} "Relapse" sucked, I snapped, hit the gas like {*vroom*} Blew through the light, spun out, hit a patch of black ice Forgot we had a trailer hitched to the back, we jackknifed Bitch flew out the car, I laughed like she deserved it She didn't think I'd act like that in person [Royce Da 5'9"] + (Eminem) (Royce, Marshall just crashed right in front of the club!) Tell him I'll be there in a minute I'm tryin to break up this catfight between my mistress and damn wife Then a chick wanted a hug, she was fat So I gave her dap, then I tell her to scat I'm not mean, I'm cute; on my way to the front door takin the scenic route to avoid this chick with a lace front lookin like Venus's and Serena's hooves I'm just sayin, them chicks got horse asses, they been attractive Hope when they see me they don't slap me with they tennis rackets My mind drifted, back to this shit I see my wife push her down, step over her body, then smack the mistress Police outside, I turn and pass the gat to Vishis then I step out and see my Evil twin; he gives me an evil grin He mugs the mistress, turns around and gives the misses hugs and kisses Looks at me twisted, like Nickel (yeah, watch this shit!) He smacks the dentures outta the mouth of the fat bitch he rolled with and looks back to mention (Royce, it's good to be back to business) They said [Chorus: Eminem] You ain't really like that Ohh-ohh-ohhh, you're puttin on a show, where's your mic at? Cause you're breaking our hearrrrrts They said, you're breaking our hearrrrrts Cause, cause you ain't really like that Ohh-ohh-ohhh, you're puttin on a show, where's your mic at? Cause you're breaking our hearrrrrts They said, you're breaking our hearrrrrts The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Bad Meets Evil f/ Claret Jai Album: Hell: The Sequel Song: Above the Law Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Intro: Claret Jai] The poor stays poor, the rich get richer It's just so disproportionate... (Get outta here!) [Chorus: Claret Jai] Sometimes life seems so unfortunate That's why I don't give a shit The poor stay poor, the rich get richer It's just so disproportionate You don't know just what I go through That's why I would rather show you just how far that I can take it Every rule I'm breakin it [Eminem] Tearable but not rippable, invincible I hung invisible Fuckin mistletoe over the world I stuck my ass up under it, now pucker up them lips and kiss it hoe Here we go, Bad and Evil so you know how this'll go The competition's miserable, we stomp them bitches, this is no joke, goin overboard like someone threw us off the boat Choke, cough from all the smoke - I'm tryin to stay on fire so you know if I hate fuckin water sprinklers I don't love the hose/hoes Someone let the cat out the bag, now it's time to stuff its face back in that bitch, smother that little motherfucker 'til it suffocates YOU had long enough of a wait, why are they tryin to be so secretive? Bad and Evil is reunited, hey! Came back to annihilate, the game's in dire straits as I await Word on Satan as I drop, fall to my knees before this Ouija board and I pray Now I lay me down to sleep I do this shit in my sleep, I'm sleepin now, imagine if I awake! I'm champ bitch, I'll never taste the canvas Could never be no damn wuss or pussy, never mushy so you can't squish Nowhere near a tush, in fact if I jump out a bush in a sneak attack's the only way I'll say I am-Bush Outlandish, these +Words Are Weapons+ that I brandish Standoffish to hoes, keep your hands off this Can't top it, so what the fuck would I sugarcoat it for? Law? FUCK protocol! I'd holler at this hoe, but now my throat is sore [Eminem] Royce! [Royce Da 5'9"] Baby I'm lawless, you couldn't burn me if you threw acid on me I'm at you homie, I'm at your home ready to spray you while you nappin homie Have everything on and around your mattress lookin like the word in front of a matrimony You high, thug yeah - go 'head jump No matter how high you get, you gon' come up short like Spud Webb My DUI's get waived/waved like sayin bye Still ridin with no L's like James Todd; can't change I I thank God for my safe thinkin Last time I was safe thinkin me and my niggaz was doin a bank job I stay violent, y'all go the peace route You got a mouth like Kanye, I'll knock your whole bottom row of teeth out No disrespect to Mr. West, shit I'm just nice with mine And this just rap, I'm just like Ricky Hatton, I just like the line These weak rappers wanna set us up, they never tough They ask me for a hook, I tell 'em left or right, head or GUT? What y'all messin with is a nigga that'll leave you FUBAR, Fucked Up Beyond All Recognition Y'all are rock stars, I'm the opposite, I could just throw a rock and hit a star, for the FUCK of it! Partner you not hard, I'll body ya hot bars Beef is left you pray, right, like Allahu Akbar Let's go, when I leave y'all shot You ain't gon' be on your Metro in a bad area, that call dropped The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Bad Meets Evil f/ Mike Epps Album: Hell: The Sequel Song: I'm on Everything Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Intro: sample of Mike Epps' stand-up from "Under Rated & Never Faded"] All these lil' young kids, ain't got no direction Shit, these lil' kids is on everything [Chorus 2X: Mike Epps sample] Syrup, painkillers, cigarette, weed Hennessy, vodka, huh-huh-huh huh, huh-huh-huh I'm on everything {*4X*} I'm on [Royce Da 5'9"] I'm on syrup, painkillers, cigarette, weed Henna-Henna, sober don't, interest me I'm on everythi-i-ing 'Bout to sniff the liquor like it's 'ca-a-a-a-aine That's how high I am - I'm BLOWED! I take painkillers to ease the pain though I, ain't in pain No we, ain't the same, you drunk, I'm on everything Sick when I kick it, gout Me soberin up, HA~! Alf Cash rules everything, acid tab, hash, 'shrooms I done woke up with a fuckin tiger in my bathroom I am fuckin high {*blablabl*} high {*blablabl*} high {*blablabl*} high Menace to society, I feel, sorry for your mother Me and Vishis on 'shrooms, call us the Mario Brothers Back down, we never back down Never laid out, can't put my back down I'm on [Chorus] - 1/2X [Eminem] Painkillers, I call 'em cane pillars Cause they hold me up when I take 'em, I need a cane and pillars I'm on everything - sick when I kick it, BARF Me soberin up {*fart*} FART! I'll crush your brain like a pill crusher, let's crush a pill, yeah Fuck, I think I just crushed my last Tylenol 3 up Grab the key up off the counter to the camper, left the crib Man who'da knew that 3 in the mornin I'd still be up? Could barely see up over the steerin wheel, crash the whip tore a tree up On my way to the dealers tryin to re-up Call me Brett Favre, spell it F-A-V-R-E yup It's wrong, other words I just fucked my RV up! Bitch it's on again yeah, break that Klonopin in half while I smoke some chronic in the cab with Donovan McNabb Then I dye my hair back blonde again and laugh I'm the real macaroni, you cheesy bitch, I'm demonic with the +Kraft+ There's a devil in my noodle, you? Angel hair pasta Flow's dreaded like some fuckin tangled hair Rasta- -farian, Jamaican, relax man I'll send a fuckin axe at you if you insist on a fuckin ax-sent Bad and Evil is back with an epidural, check your girl Cause after we prop you up we're proppin her up So baby come put your feet up in these stirrups Your boyfriend better find another fuckin hornet's nest to stir up We rap like we're on [Royce Da 5'9"] I'm on syrup, painkillers, cigarette, speed Henna-hen.. heheh! Classic It's Eminem and him again, my sentiments exactly I told that bitch to get at me, then the bitch attacked me Kid you not, I'm lit up as fuck - tablecloth tucked in my pants  'til I'm hearin dishes drop as I walk away from my +Dinner With Schmucks+ [Eminem] Then I enter the front of the K-Mart shoppin center  with a coupon book and a hundred-and-ten bucks and a bunch of change And a wife beater with a mustard stain I'll crush your brain like I'm crushin pills, what the fuck's the motherfuckin deal? This shit's makin me feel like I'm tryin to do a motherfuckin cartwheel up a hill [Royce Da 5'9"] + (Eminem) How many bars? How many tabs of A-C-I-D, Y-E-S Cause I'm sniffin M-Y E-X (F-U-C-K'd up and it's obvious) Smoke and Henny in my chest (I'm B-A-N-A-N-A-S) I'm a C-O-C-O-N-U-T (put this CD in then you'll see) (The sequel to "Scary Movie", Bad is to Evil, a roofie to Roethlisberger) You don't gonna wind up six feet deep under that shit's creek  so I hope that you bought preservers [Eminem] You can put a turd on a plate Silverware and a tablecloth to serve us You don't bring shit to the table I'm in your grill like a Seville when a moth gets murdered You're pushin the envelope  when I'm shovin that whole post office further right off the surface of this earth  into the darkest and the farthest corners [Royce Da 5'9"] How many bars? How many bars? Maui Wowie, Sour Diesel, how many jars? To all my people I'll be to Mars, mami c'mon She can actually wrap my nutsack around the back of her neck in the bathroom stall Or she could just puke from sippin this piss from my 24-inch catheter cord [Eminem] I'm the type that'll take a bath with a whore Drown her, bang her head on the passenger door while I'm stashin her in the back, smackin her forehead  on the dash 'til it's accidentally blowin the Benz jeep horn [Royce Da 5'9"] My friends be knowin that when I'm on a binge I'm stingy Even when I'm ten deep in the room in the MGM with Lindsay Lohan and she on [Outro: Mike Epps sample] Syrup, painkillers, cigarette, weed Hennessy, vodka, huh-huh-huh... {*slows to a stop*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Bad Meets Evil Album: Hell: The Sequel Song: A Kiss Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  {"Bangladesh"} [Intro: unknown female] I wanna get kissed, kissed kissed {*4X*} [Royce Da 5'9"] Uhh, Nickel Nina nigga Twitter beefin, first rapper that shot a fan! Gucci's my absolute state of mind like Waka's man Choppers sprayin, gettin head in the car parked new Gallardo This bitch suckin my dick today, call it yesterday's news tomorrow Stretch a nigga out, I'm the new Tae-Bo, 'bout to cross over, I'm the new Ivo 'Bout to save a couple of these bitches, that's right, I'm the new Bible You? You five-oh, me? I'm more grounded than punishments, but I'm too fly though Y'all niggaz be whinin/wine'in, I should call you Moscato [Eminem] Look down at the floorboard looks like someone left a pair of stilleto shoes in my Tahoe Never know just what type of a hoe inside of my ride I may let Last night went to 5 AM and she ain't even recover from last Friday yet Hoes all over the ride like it's an ice cream truck, I can see why they fret I already ran over two hoes and I ain't get out the fuckin driveway yet Soon as I open the door you try to resist, what for?  Get in girl, don't front shorty you're fightin an unwinnable war It's useless as tits in a boar or, little tits on a whore Got 'em actin like spoiled brats kickin and screamin  like little kids throwin fits on the floor Get in the whip but you ain't turnin this frog to a prince Why you tryin to keep convincin me for? [Chorus: Eminem] + (female) (I wanna get kissed, kissed kissed) You won't get one (I wanna get kissed, kissed kissed) Not from me (I wanna get kissed, kissed kissed) Not on the lips, are you crazy? (I wanna get kissed, kissed kissed) Maybe the cheek but that's all you gon' get from me [Eminem] Now ya in my whip just as long as you understand that I can't be WHIPPED! You say companionship, I say abandon ship I'm a jigolo so you know I'm always on the go I don't got no time to slow down for no relation-SHIT Drop the P and add a T, yeah you can get mad at me all you want But I'm ghost before you can even say "boo" hun, let alone call me one A one night stand is all he wants with a female fan, yeah one like Stan And he's so about a one night stand his bedroom has two lamps and only one nightstand Get the hint? Ooh yeah boo; ew, I'm ain't finna argue But why do you think they call it "boo"? Yeah cause the sound of it's supposed to scare you! [Royce Da 5'9"] Oh hoe, we can share you, in the back of the McClaren I don't give a fuck what your name is We gon' call you "hi" and "bye," hope you bi, in the meantime your name is Sharon Slows, the, flow, down, so, I, can, what? Tell you same face I make when I'm shootin the gun's the same face that I make when I FUCK! From the back with my hand on your neck pressin your face against these sheets is insane You vin change, cause I'm outta this world girl, I got that Milky Way dick vein I'm at an all-time high with highness, I'm at an all-time fly with flyness And this is exactly what they say when they bow to Your Highness, yeah [Royce Da 5'9"] + (Eminem) Nickel Nina nigga Twitter beefin, first rapper that shot a fan! (Push a chick out the car while it's movin like Waka's man) Her bottom's dark but her top is tan Her private parts, got her on the pole like the opposite of her poppa's plans (C'mon stripper let's hit the strip 180, throw it reverse and drop the Trans!) (I'm in a trance, man look at this bitch dance) Lookin at this tramp like what are you wearin girl? Quit playin (Yeah bitch, are them scratch-and-sniff pants?) (Well let me scratch 'em) {*sniffs*} Let me sniff, yeah What? Did I say that? I'm on lean like Styrofoam cups and kickstands [Eminem] Middle finger stuck on fuck, stiff hands But girl you got a butt like no if ands, so yeah what the hell maybe, all hail Shady He'll tell it like it is so tell Katy Perry he's on her tail, he's tailgating These bells are my mating call and I'm here, bell's waiting and tell Lady Gaga she can quit her job at the post office she's still a, mail/male lady! Wouldn't fuck her with her dick, you heard it, the verdict's in, he's allergic to divas He'll take meat +Cleavers+ to 'em; him don't give a damn about Beaver, do him? What a demon, a behemoth, evil just seems to be seethin through him [Royce Da 5'9"] I like the little strip tease you doin this evenin, you and  me gon' find three more chickadees and have a +Minaj+ like Nicki You hot like a Dickie outfit in Texas without shit under it sweatin Suck my dick or gets to steppin's my logic [Eminem] My God trick, my dick is hard and stiff as a yardstick What are we gonna do, ride around 'til we're car sick? I'ma put this shit in park like dog shit And you can blow me in the dark in the parkin lot  of the trailer park by the garbage What are you waitin on me to roll out the carpet?  Condoms are in the glove compartment, let's start it Think I'm jokin? What am I sittin here tryin to make fake farts with my armpits? Tryin to get you to spit pop through your nose?  Am I here to amuse you? Stop it [Royce Da 5'9"] I'm in yo' pocket on side of a church The other hand reachin for the bottom of your purse You're givin me head in a boxin stance My dick's so big you can drop it in dirt I'm not yo' man, we sparrin partners It's, five things you are in charge of That's - suckin a dick, suckin a dick,  suckin a dick, suckin a dick, suckin a dick [Eminem] And if you ain't suckin dick why you sittin there with puckered lips?  Oh that's collagen, muh'fuckin bitch What'chu mean how'd you get suckered into this?  You gon' jump in my truck and then try to get truculent? [Royce Da 5'9"] You should be sufferin, you should be cookin You should be bucklin your seatbelt with oven mitts [Eminem] Excuse me while I make an ass out of myself  but it's only because I just wanna get [Outro: Royce] Nickel Nina nigga Twitter beefin, first rapper that shot a fan! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Bad Meets Evil f/ Bruno Mars Album: Hell: The Sequel Song: Lighters Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Chorus: Bruno Mars] This one's for you and me, livin out our dreams Where are, right where we should be! With my arms out wide, I open my eyes And now, all I wanna see! Is a sky full of lighterrrrrrrrs A sky full of lighterrrrrrrrs [Eminem] By the time you hear this I will have already spiralled up I would never do nothin to let you cowards fuck my world up If I was you I would duck - or get struck like lightnin Fighters keep fightin, put your lighters up, point 'em skyward, uhh! Had a dream, I was king, I woke up, still king This rap game's, nipple is mine, for the milking 'Til nobody else even fuckin feels me, 'til it kills me I swear to God I'll be the fuckin illest in this music there is, or there ever will be; disagree, feel free But from now on I'm refusing  to ever give up, only thing I ever gave up's using No more excuses, excuse me if my head is too big, for this building And pardon me if I'm a cocky prick, but you cocks are slick Poppin shit on how you flipped your life around, crock of shit Who you +dicks+ tryin to +kid+? Flip "dick", you did opposite You stayed the same cause "cock" backwards is still "cock" you pricks! I love it when I tell 'em shove it Cause it wasn't that, long ago when Marshall sat, flustered lacked luster Cause he couldn't cut mustard Muster up nothin, brain fuzzy cause he's buzzin, woke up from that buzzer Now you wonder why he does it how he does it, wasn't cause he had buzzards circlin around his head, waitin for him to drop dead, was it? Or was it cause them bitches wrote him off? Little hussy ass scuzzes Fuck it, guess it doesn't matter now, does it? What difference it make? What's it take  to get it through your thick skulls that this ain't some bullshit people don't usually come back this way From a place that was dark as I was in just to get to this place Now let these words be like a switchblade to a hater's ribcage! And let it be known that from this day forward I wanna just say thanks cause your hate is what gave me this strength So let them Bic's raise Cause I came with 5'9" but I feel like I'm 6'8"! [Royce Da 5'9"] By the time you hear this I'd probably already be outtie I advance like goin from totin iron to goin and buyin four or five of the homies the Iron Man Audi My daddy told me "Slow down boy, you goin to blow it!" And I ain't gotta stop the beat a minute to tell Shady I love him  the same way that he did Dr. Dre on "The Chronic" Tell him how real he is or how high I am Or how I would kill for him for him to know it I cried plenty tears - my daddy got a bad back So it's only right that I write 'til he can march  right into that post office and tell 'em to hang it up Now his career is LeBron's jersey in 20 years I stop when I'm at the very top You shitted on me on your way up, it's 'bout to be a scary drop Cause what goes up, must come down You goin down on somethin you don't wanna see, like a hairy box Every hour happy hour now, life is wacky now Used to have to eat the cat to get the pussy, now I'm just the cat's meow Oww, out-class the count Always down for the catch weight, like Pacquiao Y'all are doomed - y'all remember when T-Pain ain't wanna work with me? My car starts itself, parks itself and Auto-Tunes Cause now I'm in the Aston I went from havin my city locked up to gettin treated like Kwame Kilpatrick And now I'm fantastic, compare it to a weed high And y'all niggaz that's gossipin like bitches on the radio and TV, see me, we fly Y'all buggin out like Wendy Williams starin at a beehive And how real is that? I remember signin my first deal, now I'm the second best, I can deal with that Now Bruno can show his ass Without the MTV Awards gag (yeah!) [Bruno Mars] You and I, know what it's like to be kicked down, forced to FIGHT But tonight, we're alright So hold up your lights, let it SHIIIIINE Cause The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Bad Meets Evil f/ Claret Jai Album: Hell: The Sequel Song: Take From Me Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  "You're gonna be okay kid. You're gonna be, okay." [Claret Jai] Is everything not enough? What more can I give up? Is there anyone that I can trust? I give you my all and you still take from me [Royce Da 5'9"] Uh, always been the type of dude that'd feed my clique I know that without the fans I ain't shit, but y'all better read my lips I don't spit raps this ill for you to just hack and steal, and leak my shit so peep my drift I hope y'all don't think y'all helpin me out with that shit, that shit's stressin me OUT Nickel Nine is blowin UP - Christmas time you should hang my album  on top of your fireplace cause around that time my stockin is goin UP Feels like a victory bittersweet, cause the bigger I get, the bigger the wedge between the relationship of me and my bigger bro, hear what I said? Feels like the shit was wished on me - everything I do for the nigga and the nigga know  I would do anything for him but the nigga refuse to quit just straight SHITTIN on me Keepin yo' distance probably best, if you don't wanna fuck with me But you know me probably best, fuck pity You want that? You know, it's Laila Ali chest, tough titty The problem is you got a problem, you think that I'm already set So I'ma look down on you, just be proud of me, you already got my respect I ain't tryin to say somethin I'd regret, so I'ma just stop, chasin the pain Let you deal with the fact that we don't get along cause I got a big face in the game Sometimes I feel like fuck my LIFE - I fuck with a few niggaz  that I know if my chick was a shady hoe, niggaz wouldn't think twice 'fore they fuck my WIFE Guess that's the difference in friends and associates I done been broke, I done been through the motions I don't pay no attention to birds, I use my scope and I tend to the vultures No one ever blows up your phone just to talk, I don't make money just to loan it to y'all Tell a nigga that think you whylin is like dialin and then talkin to a hole in the wall Please look at these expenses, these niggaz expensive If I gotta lend you money every time I see you just to be ya friend bitch I don't really need your friendship! [Chorus: Claret Jai] Is everything not enough? What more can I give up? Is there anyone that I can trust? I give you my all and you still take from me I give, and I give, and you take, and you take And you just, walk away, without noth-ing to say You just take from me, ay-ay, ayy You just take from me, ay-ay, ayy Ay-ay, ayy.. {*echoes*} [Eminem] I live, in a bubble, I struggle with the fame Trouble is the pain, grows double, give a fuck what you say When my music you take, so, subtle just to give it away to people who don't even appreciate flows motherfucker, I'm livid today Cause I break my back to give you my art You steal my thoughts, it's like drivin a spike through my heart You might not think it's that big of a deal to steal from me but music's all I got Aside from my daughters, not to sound like a martyr but it's gettin harder than I thought to not just go crazy trapped in this house, I'm about to just snap, am I not deservin of what I got? Did I not work for it? Put it all on every record I record Well then please tell me why on this earth Lord  does it keep happenin? I keep rappin but I wonder sometimes is it worth all the bullshit cause it feels like a down there ain't no gettin up from But I won't let it get me down, I won't succumb, I'm anything but glum so FUCK 'EM~! They'll appreciate me when I'm gone, they'll say I was ill, right? The way I killed mics But the way I feel right now it just feels like  I'm so done with this shit that I may as well wipe I have nothin else to give you, nothin else to contribute, farewell I bid you But before I go my last gift to you, ladies and gentlemen Slaughterhouse I GIVE YOU! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Bad Meets Evil f/ Slaughterhouse Album: Hell: The Sequel Song: Loud Noises Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  "LOUD NOISES!"  [Eminem] Life handed me lemons, I jumped back in the public eye and squirted lemon juice in it, by now you just wish I'd fuckin die But I electrify, get electrocuted, executed by the execution of my flow too quick for the human eye to detect zoomin by {*vocal scratches*} Gue-gue-guess who? What's happenin guy? They told me to shit, I fell off that pot, hopped right back on that crapper and I said fuck IT with a capital I, look who's back to antag-g-gonize You don't like it you can eat shit, fuck off little faggot and die You right back like a magnet on my dick grabbin at my shit better get to the back of the line If you wanna get your shot at me, what kind of crap is that? Battle, what kind  of rapper would I, be? 'Fore I let another rapper think he's hot I'll bury my face in a stinky twat and go ah-ladl-lah-ladl-lah-ladl-LAH! Girl my head space is limited, ain't even room in the back of my mind So I ain't thinkin about you, I don't got time, I done told you a thousand times So how could I find the time to put an Alkaline  battery in Royce's back and at the same time put juice in mine?  Goddamn it, Slaughterhouse is SIGNED! [Crooked I] SLAUGHTERHOUSE!! I'm a - menace villian, my pen is sick and spillin, my lyrics killin Then I let you witness shit when it hit the ceilin A nigga's willin to give the listeners the sickest feelin Like mixin some Benadryl and penicillin then I'm fillin a clip with a written, can you picture my pistol drillin a million women and children when I'm illin but it isn't real it's a rap, on the real it's a wrap, how could you possibly stop the apocalypse when I'm atomic bombin the populous? Shock the metropolis, hostile as a kid, poppin a glock at his moms and his pops then he hops in his drop, with his iPod rockin his  Slaughterish documentation of lyrics, I write with confidence Write like a columnist slash novelist I'm in this game to demolish it, establish my dominance over prominent rappers, you poppin shit to ya opposite I can spit ominous so spit politics Now I'm Haile Selassie, Gandhi and 'Pac of this hip-hop genre BITCH! ... SLAUGHTERHOUSE!! [Royce Da 5'9"] Lyrically I'm a cocaine Altoid (dope) Ability so brain, it's a no-brain bout boy (fresh) Physically I'm literally a Cocaine Cowboy, wait-wait Did I just go almost four bars without talkin about my big dick? The other day me and yo' thick bitch had a great date and we ate cake And then we walked and then she tried to jack me off but she lost  cause she couldn't handle my Shake Weight, I swear The irony of Ryan is I am bi-polar  while I'm rhymin standin beside a BIG OL', big ol' white bear! Neither one of us fight fair - you are literally lookin at Woody and Wesley  in a movie where the white boy ain't got to jump, nowhere cause I'm here Nigga I'm on fire - yeah, and I'm every bitch's dream One, two, I'm comin for you; I'm a BIG OL', big ol' NIGHTMARE~! Nigga this the Slaughter, step it up I'll pretty much slap yo' ass and tell you to shut the FUCK up... After that, I'll slap yo' ass again and tell you to shut the FUCK up shuttin up And that's how you body a fuckin beat! {"Goodbye.."} [Crooked I] SLAUGHTERHOUSE!! [Joell Ortiz] Uhh, I should be the one that goes slow Nah, get a stopwatch clock my flow, hit the button on top watch your jaw drop, oh oh Dat's dat oh, yaowa - when I drop I go outer space Black out like Darth Vader's face placed in a molten shower Say somethin and get done proper, momma poppa pourin out vodka Mama mia, Em pass me the scee-ssors, there's vee-sitors in the Slaughterhouse casa Better jet boy go home, better jet boy G4 chrome Better +Jet+ boy Mark Sanchez, Santonio Holmes, I'm NOT your any old homeboy Just - sittin in the lab, pickin up a pad I be spittin bad, I'ma get you mad with this gift I have Little duck sufferin sickatash when the trigger blast I'ma put your beak on your fitted hat RRRRAT! Where the liquor at? Sippin 'gnac Bad bitch and a vicious track, I rel-idid-ax Slide Pro-Tools to both, so smooth I coast to the West like where Crooked livin at New York is a piggy-back ride to the motherland, hold on brother man On the other hand get down, I'm gutter fam Gun-butt you with the +Eagle+ handle Cunningham I don't wanna talk, I just wanna beef, I don't want a piece I want it all baby boy, I don't wanna eat, I wanna feast Stuff my cheeks with rough beats and shit you done weak, I'm the one, capishe? Yaowa... [Crooked I] SLAUGHTERHOUSE!! [Joe Budden] Uhh, insane what they call us How you married to the game but you probably shouldn'ta came to the altar Every bar like propane for the sawed-off, you try to hang and they'll fault ya Eminem, Mr. Porter, Slaughter, my sentiments eminent torture, all of ya Feminine marauders, they swim in that water Men will assault ya, +Tommy+'s and bats to resemble Lasorda Kidnap your tremblin daughter, at least a quarter I'm a menacin supporter, it's got a aura more like Sodom and Gomorrah Normally somethin's wrong with me, blame on the quantity of the porn I see And they pawns to me, when I fix the game y'all think shit came with a warranty How the fuck they gonna stop what I was born to be? Corner me, shit belong to me Two choices, you can get along with me or sit your faggot ass right there in dormancy Wait, all he missin is heels to be RuPaul, ain't nobody that's real ever knew y'all Second to none and I'm dealin with bums  who's time never comes, now deal with the blue balls You ain't gotta fear me but you respect me, niggaz who never met me threaten me, wanna Gillette me, comin to sword fight against a machete Swingin spaghetti like it's heavy, some said he deserves an ESPY In a Chevy like Andretti, put the desi where his chest be... [Crooked I] SLAUGHTERHOUSE!! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Bad Meets Evil Album: Hell: The Sequel (Deluxe Edition) Song: Living Proof Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Intro] Don't, stop! {*4X*} [Royce Da 5'9"] Yeah, Bad and Evil is (BACK~!) Uhh, we 'bout to get into a tale of a gunner that details the dungeon Just as the pale moon illuminates the hail and thunderin '01's the year where I fell from blunderin Shady lifted his wing then I fell from under it Now I'm free-fallin, my career has gone into recallin Regardless of who's fault I was speed ballin God bubble wrapped me and dropped me on top of the Earth Then Marshall double backed and got me from on top of a hearse I'm alive nigga Justin T. ain't got nothin on me cause I done cried Mary J. Blige rivers I realized that God's with us Soon as I decided to put that bottle down and, pick up my Todd Bridges The writin's on the wall - since niggaz seen me  at the baseball game with Shady and Jay-Z, suddenly everybody calls Like, "I'm just checkin on you dawg" While I throw up this message on the stall [Chorus: Royce Da 5'9"] When them bottles stop poppin and them dollars start stoppin Do what you did to get it and don't stop (don't, stop!) I made a promise to my momma, I'ma out-live her How can I be a quitter when haters don't stop? (don't, stop!) I'm livin proof nigga, it's pretty safe to say God giveth and God taketh away (don't, stop!) It's the worldwide American way I'm livin proof nigga (don't, stop!) [Eminem] Your body language is sayin your confidence is gone Well pick ya ass up lil' homie, come on You just gon' sit there and take it or make 'em suck it? Tell 'em where to shove it Straight up, you gon' make love to the world or you gon' FUCK it? The last time that life kicked me in the ass I pulled down its pants and put a foot up its ass Man what a catastrophe it'd be for me to be a bitch ass pussy and not open a can of whoop-ass, let you pissants whoop me would be the day I say I ate poop Shit, the day that I don't straight shoot I'll drop out of my anti-woman hate group Say I'm a sissy faggot, record it, play it back and put it on straight loop You haters look like you ate a grapefruit! You see me climbin back on that wagon, got my swagger back, I was draggin Hopped back on it, grabbed the reigns on that bastard and came back on 'em without remorse, man of course I'm a one-trick pony, cause I'll be screamin on these whores 'til I'm hoarse/horse! [Royce Da 5'9"] Nah, I ain't fadin yet I'd rather stay and rap, I mighta made a debt But I find excitement in wonderin what I'ma write next so I don't stay in debt Me broke? You might as well cut the embryo out of my momma and play catch with the baby with AK's with baby bayonets I'ma get rich or I'ma die tryin That's why it's either kill or be killed so call me suicide homicide Ryan [Eminem] There's a bomb inside my head, I'm a live wire I am on the edge, teeterin on it like a totter, I might  get on a nut like a tire iron; I have no desire stoppin So why would I drop and roll? That's how much on fire I AM! Rappers are fun and I'm the time cause I'm just flyin by 'em And I'm laughin at 'em the entire time, why am I up? Cause tribulations I have triumphed, bitch I'm fired up So one time for me just let your fuckin lighters light the SKY UP~! [Outro] Don't, stop! {*4X*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Bad Meets Evil f/ Liz Rodrigues Album: Hell: The Sequel (Deluxe Edition) Song: Echo Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Chorus: Liz Rodrigues] Oh, around, the world, there's an echo As, he takes, a bow, and they all know All the girls, the boys, they chase, the noise Through the highs and through the lows They will follow the echo, echo, echo, echo They will follow the echo, echo, echooooo... [Interlude: Eminem] + (Royce) Sometimes no matter what I do Just can't get away from it (Get away from what?) The voices I can hear 'em calling calling calling calling calling me [Eminem] I EAT rappers, with the rhyme, consume 'em The only fuckin thing that you consume is time, I'm super human My world is like a Rubik's Cube, it's too complex, girl you assumin Cupid's loomin, my mentality's caveman, stupid woman My life is Truman Show, all I have is music hoe I stopped chasin every chick under the sun many moons ago  so pretend my dick is a balloon and blow But you better put a fork in it if you think I'ma lay here just spoonin yo Oh you think you the shit cause I just said you was BEAUTIFUL?! Diabolical to my last molecule down to my last hair follicle and cuticle Rotten to the core to the bone cold all the way down to my soul from my head to my toe Ever since I was 13 I learned how to sew and sewed shut my own booty hole Cause ain't I took no shit since I looked down to my nuts and saw my first pubic grow I told these stupid hoes when I come back I'ma set this bitch on FIRE And this time I don't mean I'ma pour gasoline on some chick and light her Cause this time when I fuck this world I'ma put the whole Goddamn dick inside her I ain't even put my tip in that hole yet, I'ma go get Nickel and try to rip it wider [Interlude: Royce] + (Eminem) Shh! Wait, did you hear that? Somebody just said somethin Is anybody there? (I can hear 'em calling calling calling calling calling me) [Royce Da 5'9"] Classical poems, battle my own demons, I need a glass of Patrón Bad as I need a horn stabbin my clavicle bone, I'm matador prone First time I seen a Desert Eagle I was lettin the fo'-fo' bust, the fo'-fo' pop First time you seen one you was eatin Cocoa Puffs, lookin at RoboCop I am not a man I'm a logo, I'm a such thang In order to clean my veins you need saline/Saleen I'm never referrin to the solution, I'm talkin about more like the Mustang Vroom! Get respect from the get-go, HELLO~! Step to the echo (echo) Pen got a mind of its own Gotta write my rhymes with a timer, otherwise I'll probably vibe out to a 9-minute song As the echo follows the Maserati as it petrol swallows I'm a thousand bodies away from a skeleton Check yo' Bible, inside it it'll say this guy's an elephant I'm, fly like I'm, killin the scene like I'm, a villain with wings I'll sleep when I'm six feet deep, right now I'm livin a dream (dream!) Though we may be reckless, the ladies check us They whisper - Shady Records; BABY ECHO~! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Eminem f/ Slaughterhouse, Yelawolf Album: 2.0 Boys 12" Song: 2.0 Boys Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Eminem] Ohh! Told you! Game over! [Royce Da 5'9"] Uhh, Ryan's a homicidal misfit I write the solution to biophysics on the side on a cliff in some heiroglyphics This my admission to havin violent psychotic wit Devour polish it, politics By the way I'm higher than the Eiffel Tower tip I like writin but I will stick this pencil in ya ass before I write ya shit Pause, inhalin hella kush Us and Yelawolf like a heavy foot, gas pedal push Felons crooks, goin door to door like we sellin books Dolly Parton style, melons mushed Now my bitch dancer, I'm 'bout as sick as cancer If you could swallow my style you'd probably rip ya pants up If you could bottle my style and sell it to somebody it probably'll smell like cologne made out of bits of panther They call me anchor man, I hold down the ship Leave you niggaz floatin in water then go and drown a fish Fuck! I'm fuckin heinous, I'll make you fuckin famous Them lead showers is comin, fuck is you sayin? [Eminem] FUCK, it's fuckin rainin; SHIT, it's lightning BITCH, it's thunderin, cause I'm cussin up a storm if you wonderin Shit, SHIT! You couldn't muster up enough thought to take a dump turd or brain fart, jump if you want Urine in your face, all you had to do was say that you wish you would've just stayed pissed off in the first place We came to monopolize the game, Illuminati is here Yeah, human oddities, at odds with us just why it's gotta be Cause we started out cold and it snowballed, we froze Soon as we rolled up, on these hoes Alls we is know y'all lowered the bar like limbo, you know who you are So quit fuckin the dog 'fore we start callin you Bizarre Shit, screwed the pooch, y'all done raped the Pitbull Fell in love with a Shih Tzu, this missile's directed directly at you And as for these hoes who don't know me from a can of paint You must be huffin, fuck a ball sack if your taints can't take you on a date You mistake me for a gentleman, you're 2000-and-late Man I'm will.i.AIN'T! I'm the bad guy, type of guy that'll drag five  girls up on stage, pour ice in their pants, and the first one who +Peas+, gets a +Black Eye+! [Chorus: Eminem] Must be out of your mind You think you're fuckin with us Suck on these nuts Bitch hang it up, this game is over [Joell Ortiz] Puffin loosies watchin "I Love Lucy" with Gary Busey - crazy! How the fuck could you son me? I'm Shady! Will there ever come a day where they could slay me? I don't know; fifth month, black and yellow insect, May bee/maybe! 'Til then I kill the bad man tryna slay me E'rything you kick weak, you speak kung fu-gazi All my homeboys, 2.0 boys Nickel I just picked up a Phantom, look how it Rolls, Royce! Even if I wanted to quit I ain't got no choice Verses keep comin, I should invoice my own voice You should see the kind of asses that my pole hoists Hoes be like diamonds in your chain mayne, so moist Bang bang, bang bang! House Gang, chainsaw Here to kill you pussies, don't ask what we came for I write 'til my right arm vein's sore Forearm feel like Thor's arm in a gang war You hear that YAOWA you know who finna file out Definitively finish you, my fist stick out that agua Piranha mentality with a Jaws bite all night Comin up never saw light but never lost sight [Joe Budden] Jets and movers, cesspool-ers, meth abusers Wish death to us, tecs rugers to respect they shooters My men think in sync, roll with the best crew Must move to the beat of the same drum without Lex Luger Welcome to nay hood, bigger than 'jects Cheated death multiple times without riggin the deck So I'm well-prepped if you just want war There'll be blood e'rywhere, you'd be layin on the Louboutin floor It's raw, but keep actin like you don't know Mouse nigga And you gon' need the best doctors, House nigga Guard your jewels and avoid large tools Cause after I spill you at the light you'll be in the carpool Keep your distance from idiots, cause the truth told They food for thought's rotten, they gems are fool's gold Need results from my actions, mistakes I'll exonerate I'm Martin King starin at a picture of Obama's face Talkin funds, niggaz ain't never seen stock I don't need the key to the game, I pick a mean lock [Crooked I] Take off, you invited inside of the mind of a psychotic rhymer I'm kind of a - Dahmer! I'm grindin up rappers, I'm linin up jackers, I'm climbin up ladders I buy enough clappers to retire you factors, fire at drama You liars and actors, I'm the genuine article But read me wrong, get my gun to split you to particles (particles) Tell me when and I'm there Not only heir to the throne, but my chair is suspended in air Stay fly like unlimited fare You got us pegged wrong, my circle don't fit in with squares I smell shit and piss, know where it's comin from? You stepped on #2, just to be #1 Now I'ma step on you, bring it to yo' yard Bogart for ours, we go hard You frauds just blow hard like broads, I coast guard the West I'm Mozart, I compose dark shit with no heart [Yelawolf] I got Jim Beam in the liver, gettin head like clean clippers With haters on my dick like a jean zipper But I throw up 16's like I drink liquor You think you seen sick? Well BITCH you ain't seen sicker Then I'll, crack and then I'll hop around in a hospital gown Poppin the trunk, my pumper stay cockin the rounds I shit logs and I piss, river brown Cause I drink creek water and spit the river Nile And that's as close as I get to a pyramid Shit, they think I'm Illuminati, so fuckin ignorant Shit with a grin, here with this pen, so innocent But when you win they say you a sin, but in the end They jump on the bandwagon and dance to the band playin Skinny ass, pants saggin, it's only yourself you're playin Call me a clown but you love what the clown's sayin in them freak shows at the county carnival, then you payin Bitch I'm on a trapeze with no legs in the dark yellin "Go Shady!" Drivin slower than an old lady In an old '89, no piece if you pay me Give me peace sign on my grille, no Mercedes I'm gettin paid for these shows that I throw lately Same shows a year ago would've broken most of you crazy They call me crazy cause I made it Bitch you crazy cause you quit, look at my clique lady! You ain't fuckin with Budden, you ain't got no choice with Royce You don't wanna see the Crooked I, or listen to Ortiz voice That dirt road hit the 8 Mile, the point-oh boys And if Marshall want me to clap then homie I'll deploy Game over! [Marshall] Yo I don't think they heard you, tell 'em again [Yelawolf] Game over! [Marshall] Ha ha The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Eminem, Slaughterhouse, Yelawolf Album: 2011 BET Hip Hop Awards Song: Shady 2.0 Cypher Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Intro: Eminem] Welcome to Detroit This is the BET, Shady 2.0, Cypher, 2011 Myself, Slaughterhouse, and Yelawolf White dawg (thank you cracker) get 'em! [Yelawolf] Put these {motherfuckers} in a box and I'll, send 'em away, put 'em in a gray 'llac and pop the trunk, hey throw 'em in the back jack, I'll dig 'em a grave Put a brick inside that Xerox when I print 'em a page Movin ki's I can't relate, cause I live in a cage I throw up the A, I'll take 'em to school, I'll give 'em a grade An +Eazy E+ for effort, that's WWA White With an Attitude, alphabet soup is on my plate All I got is Z's, they sleepin on me, I can't get 'em awake I spoon-feed 'em the sound in a room full of deceivers and clowns who believe they makin it rain cause all they see is the clouds And I watch from the couch of the V.I.P. like a potato with a bunch of meatheads like {fuck} it, I'll just feed 'em a cow Plenty of white boys to pick from this year But before you pick a pepper, you better pick up your heater Cause even Peter Piper could pick up a mic but what's like to pick a fight with me is like puttin Nikes on a cheetah Better speed up, or at least in my case Adidas I'm out this bitch drinkin Sprite by the 2-liter Holler, Shady Records (uhh) [Budden] Nah I need the scratch to get me amped [Eminem] Aiyyo wait wait wait wait wait wait, okay go, yeah yeah [Budden] I'm 'bout to get 'em, I'm 'bout to get 'em right [Eminem] Wait wait, okay [Joe Budden] Yo, say I'm from the new school, I'ma say check your tone and watch your mouth If they +Teachin How to Dougie+, I'm condonin droppin out Forced a while - y'all birthed me and gave me up I just perfected bein hip-hop's foster child Now check it, don't blame y'all for bein trash fans are coppin it The radios, the crime scene, the masses are the hostages In my youth I'd throw shots, the fag was dodgin it I'm grown, I ain't +Watchin the Throne+, I'm sabotagin it You see that four-headed monster in the storm loom Snipe 'em from a distance, the scope got a long zoom You Super Mario thugs is in the wrong room Gotta figure here you won't get bigger if you on 'shrooms Was left to me I'd revive what the game be 'bout I'da took the +Wine+ outta Amy 'house Enough raps from you scrub cats 'bout cockin a snub back Wayne couldn't teach me +How to Love+ that But I got this shit from uptown, she my summer bunny Both parents broke but she come/cum from money Think my bread is her paper to burn So I lock her out, and now she doubt David is +Stern+ She's so bad, I make her hit the telly from a taxi then dead her in that Holiday Inn, learned that from Max B That's why the haters every kind'll wanna send me llamas I made it right before they eyes like I was Benihana's Is it me or is what I'm hearin is pitiful? Airwaves the same, now the stereo's typical My skin thick so the critics ignored So unafraid to die you'd think I did it before The boy's Rodman with the trash talk, Magic or Ward With the black ball way I bounce off the ass forward would cap whores Blast y'all, hoodie and mask will be the black foot with no passport Body be found in the mansion in one of my trap doors If punks had awards your status whore is categor' Probably be that of awards 'tween Michael Rapaport or Kenny Lattimore I know hip-hop's alive and well If it died you other crews wouldn't survive the smell [Royce] Ladies and gentlemen [Crook] You scared now? [Shady] Make that face at 'em dawg! [Royce] Crooked I, get 'em! [Crooked I] I spot a victim, the plot'll thicken when the clock is tickin I caught him slippin, I gotta give him a shot, I hit him with proper spittin, hottest writtens in composition So competition's a contradiction, somebody mention they got it crooked, highly fiction, we probably different Got Gotti henchmen, opposition I body quick as Bugatti engines I'm on a mission to get, richer The sickest lyric kickin, diggin a ditch for different spitters Weak lyricists get disfigured, sip liquor Spit like a sick mixture of Notorious, Pun and L; get the +Big+ picture? The poster, I'll roast ya My mind's so deadly it's just like the beanie is close to a holster It's over, control my whole coastal region  like I'm supposed ta, flow is goin postal even Open season, heart close to freezin +Ruthless+ as Eazy nigga, approach I'm squeezin Believe me, dopest West Coaster breathin So most ya hope I'm vegan, nope I'm beefin Rappers need to keep it trill, gimme a beat to kill Too many people still eatin sleepin pills, people sleepin on my ether skills And y'all ain't even real - you 'bout to die in the cypher Before you die you should do the Jada and leave a +Will+ For real [Joell Ortiz] (Yaowa) I ain't a rap dude, I'm a dude who rap Before this I was movin crack Them killers y'all become when y'all rhyme I salute and dap And if I blink then remove your snaps You ain't cool you wack, with y'all foolish act Skinny jeans don't mean yo' ass shoot, it means your booty claps Haha, don't play like Tyler Perry This the Slaughter-House of Pain, flow brown, tight and heavy When it come to sixteens I'm a fiend Seen in a studio, near a needle with a mean lean Probably writin bars to Nas' "Thief's Theme" Gettin my yaowa on, they all these Olajuwon's, we the Dream Team This is an all day slaughter They fiendin for us to break like Beyoncé's water The four quarters doin all the eatin And y'all gotta know why I made the cut, I'm Puerto Rican Ortiz keep the fire ready And tryin to put me out's like tryin to steal a transvestite from Eddie Hahaha [Royce Da 5'9"] Yeah, I'm do or die dope And you can make the sticker sittin on the door of that Phantom your suicide note Hi Rihanna.. is Nicki livin wit'chu? Let me know so I can buy binoculars and telescopes Hi Rihanna.. I don't need to know you better You tell me you love my music again, we go together Bye Rihanna.. now back to y'all fools We rock out like the outside of a guitar school Thousand dollar frames I prefer to see the world through Don't ask me nothin 'bout Budden, I {beat} my girl too You ask me why do I keep her I say it's cheaper to That's why I ride around in the Rolls like Wiz Khalifa do Rappers I'm your daddy, I'll tell you straight as this You don't kill but your father +Will+ like Jayden Smith I'll tell you like I tell my Spanish chick You fly but I ain't goin down on no landing strip So get your wax on like Daniel-san Now I'ma have to run like De La Hoya in drag when cameras come Point out the greatest rapper alive I'll head shot him Smack his girl on the butt and buy her some Red Bottom Bring every deceased rapper back to see his wife while I'm cyber sexin with Jessica Alba, via Skype I'm on my D-boy, Deebo thing Spiritual steelo, swing like Cee-Lo Green Get out the camera with your B-roll bling, you know your flow is wack We cornered market like a Walmart in a cul-de-sac Yeah, this what two millions singles sold and the album that's gold look like, without havin to sell your soul Nickel [Shady] Wait, can I rap? [Joe B] You the boss, you better get 'em [Shady] Me rap? [Joe B] Represent [Eminem] Aiyyo, lyrical miracle spiritual individual criminal Subliminal, in your swimmin pool (OOOOOOOOOH!) (Yo yo yo, yo, c'mon man kick that shit I wrote you) You 'bout to see peace destroyed, it'll never be restored When I unleashed these beastly hordes on your CD stores Wanna stop it? You gon' need a priest, at least three swords A +License to Ill+ from the Beastie Boys, three Ouija boards and a squeegee and please be warned, don't ask what the squeegee's for Or the holy water, acid rap that'll eat these floors Eat a hole in the rhyme book, you see these horns? And as for me you ask when I'm gone, "Will he be mourned?" ... Is puke lukewarm? Should Casey Anthony do porn?  Can that chick fit a newborn dead baby inside a frickin shoebox with a shoe horn smothered in chloroform so she can go get her groove on? Can she duct tape and velcro a fetus? Joell yo, tell Joe I need his empty box from his old shelltoe Adidas So I can put these babies in the fetal position They gettin elbows to the penis, yeah big deal I took some little kid's big wheel and spit in his frickin big kid's meal Quit tryna bite me and pinch you wench, sit still Did you just put your 6-inch heel through my Benz windshield?! ... Is it dust we 'bout to kick up? Can Yelawolf fit a fifth of rum in a big cup between the stick shift in his frickin pick-up and drink like a hick, redneck, hillbilly will 'til he gets hiccups? Flippin the script up like Mike Vick gettin bit in his junk by a Pit, yup, I'm a sick pup I'd be a horrible magician, cause I'll {fuck} a trick up Fix your lips up to say somethin fly, or zip up A-B? Let's C/see You said you're gonna do X-Y-Z 'til you {fuck} around and get dropped like an E, when you add an I-N-G Don't put a K in front of that though, when I emcee/M-C Cause I'm not the king of this microphone booth, it's more like a phone booth Superman in this bitch, kryptonite won't do That gives me more power I bump the Fat Boys and, eat rat poison, take meteor showers Fresh out of the mental hospital And me not flossin a middle finger while I hop in a moshpit'll be like Nas doin gospel or  R&B, you crazy? Me pushin up daisies, that thought is impossible as if flashin across the news Posdnous was caught with a prostitute with a huge johnson, boobs and monstrous tube  of lube, and a bra, some boots and panties and an aqua blue Mazda swallowin a popsicle, playin tonsil pool So kill the rumors, it ain't happenin I'ma rap 'til I'm fossil fuel The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Eminem Album: 8 Mile Soundtrack Song: 8 Mile Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Eminem] Sometimes I just feel like, quittin I still might Why do I put up this fight, why do I still write Sometimes it's hard enough just dealin with real life Sometimes I wanna jump on stage and just kill mics And show these people what my level of skill's like But I'm still white, sometimes I just hate life Somethin ain't right, hit the brake lights Case of the stage fright, drawin a blank like Da-duh-duh-da-da, it ain't my fault Great then I falls, my insides crawl and I clam up {*wham*} I just slam shut I just can't do it, my whole manhood's just been stripped, I have just been vicked So I must then get, off the bus then split Man fuck this shit; yo, I'm goin the fuck home World on my shoulders as I run back to this 8 Mile Road I'm a man, I'ma make a new plan Time for me to just stand up, and travel new land Time to really just take matters into my own hands Once I'm over these tracks man I'ma never look back (8 Mile Road) And I'm gone, I know right where I'm goin Sorry momma I'm grown, I must travel alone And go follow the footsteps I'm makin my own Only way that I know how to escape from this 8 Mile Road [Eminem] I'm walkin these train tracks, tryin to regain back the spirit I had 'fore I go back to the same crap To the same plant, and the same pants Tryin to chase rap, gotta move ASAP And get a new plan, momma's got a new man Poor little baby sister, she don't understand Sits in front of the TV, buries her nose in the pad And just colors until the crayon gets dull in her hand While she colors her big brother and mother and dad Ain't no tellin what really goes on in her little head Wish I could be the daddy that neither one of us had But I keep runnin from somethin I never wanted so bad! Sometimes I get upset, cause I ain't blew up yet It's like I grew up, but I ain't grow me two nuts yet Don't gotta rep my step, don't got enough pep The pressure's too much man, I'm just tryin to do what's best And I try, sit alone and I cry Yo I won't tell no lie, not a moment goes by That I don't pray to the sky, please I'm beggin you God Please don't let me be bitchin holdin no regular job Yo I hope you can hear me homey wherever you are Yo I'm tellin you dawg I'm bailin this trailer tomorrow Tell my mother I love her, kiss baby sister goodbye Say whenever you need me baby, I'm never too far But yo I gotta get out there, the only way I know And I'ma be back for you, the second that I blow On everything I own, I'll make it on my own Off to work I go, back to this 8 Mile Road [Eminem] You gotta live it to feel it, you didn't you wouldn't get it Or see what the big deal is, why it was and it still is To be walkin this borderline of Detroit city limits It's different, it's a certain significance, a certificate of authenticity, you'd never even see But it's everything to me, it's my credibility You never seen heard smelled or met a real MC who's incredible upon the same pedestal as me But yet I'm still unsigned, havin a rough time Sit on the porch with all my friends and kick dumb rhymes Go to work and serve MC's in the lunchline But when it comes crunch time, where do my punchlines go Who must I show, to bust my flow Where must I go, who must I know Or am I just another crab in the bucket Cause I ain't havin no luck with this little Rabbit so fuck it Maybe I need a new outlet, I'm startin to doubt shit I'm feelin a little skeptical who I hang out with I look like a bum, yo my clothes ain't about shit if the Salvation Army tryin to salvage an outfit And it's cold, tryin to travel this road Plus I feel like I'm on stuck in this battlin mode My defenses are so up, but one thing I don't want is pity from no one, the city is no fun There is no sun, and it's so dark Sometimes I feel like I'm just bein pulled apart from each one of my limbs, by each one of my friends It's enough to make me just wanna jump out of my skin Sometimes I feel like a robot, sometimes I just know not what I'm doin I just blow, my head is a stove top I just explode, the kettle gets so hot Sometimes my mouth just overloads the ass that I don't got But I've learned, it's time for me to U-turn Yo it only takes one time for me to get burned Ain't no fallin no next time I meet a new girl I can no longer play stupid or be immature I got every ingredient, all I need is the courage Like I already got the beat, all I need is the words Got the urge, suddenly it's a surge Suddenly a new burst of energy is occured Time to show these free world leaders the three and a third I am no longer scared now, I'm free as a bird Then I turn and cross over the median curb Hit the verbs and all you see is a blur from 8 Mile Road The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Eminem Album: 8 Mile Soundtrack/Curtain Call - The Hits Song: Lose Yourself Typed by: Noitacguht@aol.com, OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro] Look.. if you had.. one shot, or one opportunity To seize everything you ever wanted.. in one moment Would you capture it.. or just let it slip? Yo.. [Verse 1] His palms are sweaty, knees weak, arms are heavy There's vomit on his sweater already, mom's spaghetti He's nervous, but on the surface he looks calm and ready to drops bombs, but he keeps on forgetting what he wrote down, the whole crowd goes so loud He opens his mouth but the words won't come out He's chokin, how? Everybody's jokin now The clock's run out, time's up, over - BLAOW! Snap back to reality, OHH - there goes gravity OHH - there goes Rabbit, he choked He's so mad, but he won't Give up that easy nope, he won't have it He knows, his whole back's to these ropes It don't matter, he's dope He knows that, but he's broke He's so sad that he knows  when he goes back to this mobile home, that's when it's back to the lab again, yo, this whole rap shit He better go capture this moment and hope it don't pass him You better - lose yourself in the music, the moment You own it, you better never let it go (go) You only get one shot, do not miss your chance to blow This opportunity comes once in a lifetime You better - lose yourself in the music, the moment You own it, you better never let it go (go) You only get one shot, do not miss your chance to blow This opportunity comes once in a lifetime You better.. [Verse 2] Soul's escaping, through this hole that is gaping This world is mine for the taking Make me king, as we move toward a, new world order A normal life is boring; but superstardom's close to post-mortem, it only grows harder Homie grows hotter, he blows it's all over These hoes is all on him, coast to coast shows He's known as the Globetrotter Lonely roads, God only knows He's grown farther from home, he's no father He goes home and barely knows his own daughter But hold your nose cause here goes the cold water These hoes don't want him no mo', he's cold product They moved on to the next schmoe who flows He nose-dove and sold nada, and so the soap opera is told, it unfolds, I suppose it's old partner But the beat goes on da-da-dum da-dum da-dah [Verse 3] No more games, I'ma change what you call rage Tear this motherfuckin roof off like two dogs caged I was playin in the beginning, the mood all changed I've been chewed up and spit out and booed off stage But I kept rhymin and stepped right in the next cypher Best believe somebody's payin the pied piper All the pain inside amplified by the fact that I can't get by with my nine to five and I can't provide the right type of life for my family, cause man, these God damn food stamps don't buy diapers, and there's no movie There's no Mekhi Phifer, this is my life And these times are so hard, and it's gettin even harder Tryin to feed and water my seed plus, teeter-totter Caught up between bein a father and a primadonna Baby momma drama screamin on her too much for me to wanna stay in one spot, another day of monotony has gotten me to the point, I'm like a snail I've got to formulate a plot, or end up in jail or shot Success is my only motherfuckin option, failure's not Mom I love you but this trailer's got to go I cannot grow old in Salem's Lot So here I go it's my shot, feet fail me not This may be the only opportunity that I got [Outro] You can do anything you set your mind to, man The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Eminem Album: 8 Mile Soundtrack Song: Rabbit Run Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Eminem] Some days I just wanna up and call it quits I feel like I'm surrounded by a wall of bricks Every time I go to get up I just fall in pits My life's like one great big ball of shit If I could just, put it all into all I spit Instead of always tryin to swallow it Instead of starin at this wall and shit While I sit writer's block, sick of all this shit Can't call it, shit All I know is I'm about to hit the wall if I have to see another one of mom's alcholic fits This is it, last straw, that's all, that's it I ain't dealin with another fuckin politic I'm like a skillet bubblin until it filters up I'm about to kill it, I can feel it buildin up Blow this building up, I've concealed enough My cup, runneth over, I done filled it up The pen explodes and busts, ink spills my guts You think, all I do is stand here and feel my nuts? Well I'ma show you what, you gon' feel my rush You don't feel it, then it must be too real to touch Peal the dutch, I'm about to tear shit up Goosebumps yea, I'ma make your hair sit up Yea sit up, I'ma tell you who I be I'ma make you hate me, cause you ain't me You wait, it ain't too late to finally see what you closed-minded fucks were too blind to see Whoever finds me is gonna get a finder's fee out this world, ain't no one out there mind as me You need piece of mind? Here's a piece of mine All I need's a line But sometimes I don't always find the words to rhyme to express how I'm really feelin at that time Yea sometimes sometimes sometimes It's just sometimes, it's always me How dark can these hallways be? The clock strikes midnight, one-two, then half past three This half-assed rhyme with this half-assed piece of paper {*rip*} I'm desperate at my desk If I can just get the rest of the shit off my chest again Stuck in a slump, can't think of nothin Fuck I'm stumped, but wait, here comes somethin {*crumples paper*} Nope, it's not good enough, scribble it out New pad, crinkle it up, and throw the shit out I'm fizzlin now, thought I figured it out Ball's in my court, but I'm scared to dribble it out I'm afraid, but why am I afraid? Why am I a slave to this trade? Signed out of spit to the grave Real enough to rile you up Want me to flip it I can rip it any style you want I'm a switch hitter bitch, Jimmy Smits ain't a quitter I'ma sit until I get enough in me to finally hit a fuckin boilin point, put some oil in your joints Flip the coin bitch, come get destroyed An MC's worst dream, I make 'em tense They hate me, see me and shake like a chainlink fence By the looks of 'em, you would swear their jaws was comin By the screams of 'em, you would swear I'm sawin someone By the way they're runnin, you would swear the law was comin It's now or never and tonight is all or nothin Momma Jimmy keeps leavin on us, he said he'd be back He pinky promised, I don't think he's honest I'll be back baby, I just gotta beat this clock Fuck this clock, I'ma make 'em eat this watch Don't believe me watch, I'ma win this race And I'ma come back and rub my shit in your face, bitch I found my nitch, you gon' hear my voice 'Til you sick of it, you ain't gonna have a choice If I gotta scream 'til I have half a lung If I had half a chance I'd grab it - Rabbit, run The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: D-12 f/ 50 Cent Album: 8 Mile soundtrack Song: Rap Game Typed by: Noitacguht@aol.com [Bizarre] The rap game, hip hop 101 The hardest nine to five you'll ever have You can't learn this shit in no history book You ready to rap motherfucker? You ready to sell your soul? hahaha The rap game will fuck you up [Swifty McVay] I'ma disrupted nigga, you made me crazy You shoulda slayed me as a baby Behavin' shadier than Wes Craven  And you ain't even gotta pay me I take pleasure of layin' a nigga down daily You face me, punk it's over, you'll faint fast I'm never fucked up to where I can't whoop ya ass You'll neck'll get snapped with bare hands, fuck music Is he rappin'? It's cool but fools, just don't confuse it What happens: these dudes get rude then I lose it I'm scandalous, I blow ya two niggas off the atlas With a gat that's bigger than Godzilla's back nigga You are not realer, in fact you're feel the effects Of a crack dealer, y'all presidents since he smacked And got a mack 10 with it, so I ain't gotta rap But I'm thankful for that, don't mistakin' me black Cuz you'll be stankin' in the back of a fuckin' Cadillac [Eminem] I'ma get snuffed, cuz I ain't said enough to pipe down I pipe down, when the [White House] just wiped out When I see that little [Cheney] dike get sniped out Lights out, bitch adios, goodnight {*gunshot*} (AHH!) Now put that in ya little pipe and bite down Think for a minute cuz the hype just died down That I won't go up in the Oval Office right now And flip whatever ain't tied down upside down I'm all for America, fuck the government Tell that C. Delores Tucker slut to suck a dick Motherfuck ducked, what the fuck? son of a bitch Take away my gun, I'm gonna tuck some other shit Can't tell me shit about the tricks of this trade Switchblade, with a little switch to switch blades And switch from a six to a sixteen inch blade Shit's like a samurai sword or sensai Shit just don't change to this day I'm this way, still tell that utsl-ay itchb-ay Ucks-ay my ikcd-ay, 'scuse my igp-ay atinl-ay But uckf-ay you igp-ay [Chorus: 50 Cent {*sung*}] This rap game, this rap game I ain't sellin' my soul for this rap game And I ain't diggin' no hole for this rap game Man, I'm tellin' you, no it ain't happening This rap game, this rap game I ain't sellin' my soul for this rap game I ain't diggin' no hole for this rap game This rap game, this rap game [Kon Artist] I bet you'd rather me drink and drown in my own inequity But fuck that I'ma rap 'til y'all all get sick of me And clutch my nuts sack and spit all who pick at me A pitt and rott mix, fuck the dogs you sic on me I'm sayin' you motherfuckers don't know us, quit playin' If I'm broke, then I'm breakin' up in the place where you layin' You know, same shit every nigga done in his life I look at this, why speak on when I want when I write So why should I ever fear another man If he bleed like I bleed, take a piss and he stand? OK, you win, you can say we can't rap But no Source never made me not buy an album when they say it was whack [Kuniva] I walk in that party and just start bussin' {*gunshots and screaming*} Right after I hear the last verse of "Self Destruction" This liquor makes me wanna blast the chrome To let you know +The Time+ without Morris Day and Jerome (nigga) I'm low down and shifty, quickly call Swifty  To do a drive-by on the tenth speed with 50 Ya feelin' lucky? Squeeze I catch you outside of Chuckie Cheese With ya seed, you be an unlucky G My lifestyle is unstable, a partyin' addict They said no fightin' in the club so I brought me a 'matic Coughin' the static, I jump niggas, call me a rabbit Poppin' the tablet and guns that saw you in half [Chorus: 50 Cent {*sung*}] Believe me, we run this rap shit, fo sheezy Make makin' millions look easy Everywhere you turn you see me, you hear me Believe me, before you see my pistol in 3-D No time to call a peace treaty Dial 911 cuz you need the- police to help you believe me [Proof] I snatch the chalk from the sidewalk and piss on the curb This is absurd, these street niggas twistin' my words We finally could "Say Goodbye to Hollywood" Cuz Proof and Shyne man shit nothin' in common The nastiest band with gas in each hand We never bow down to be a flash in the pan No remorse, fuck ya stature dog Nothin' to do with hands when I clap at y'all Put your jaw on the ground with the four and the pound Then I'm gone outta town 'fore the law come around So we can battle with raps, we can battle with gats Matter of fact, we can battle for plaques (This rap game) [Bizarre] I'm too fuckin' retarded I don't give a fuck about my dick That's why I'm datin' Lorraina Bobbet My crew had an argument, who was the largest Now they all is dead and I roll as a solo artist Plus I made all the beats and wrote all the raps Well I really didn't, but I did accordin' to this contract I was thrown in the snow with nowhere to go Freezin' 20 below, forced to join Bel Biv Devoe My little girl, she shouldn't listen to these lyrics That's why I glued her headphones to her ear to make sure she hear it If rap don't work, I'm startin' a group with Garth Brooks Hahahaha, 50 sing the hook [Chorus: 50 Cent {*sung*}] This rap game, this rap game I ain't sellin' my soul for this rap game And I ain't diggin' no hole for this rap game Man, I'm tellin' you, know it ain't happening This rap game, this rap game I ain't sellin' my soul for this rap game I ain't diggin' no hole for this rap game This rap game, this rap game The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: D-12 Album: Barbershop 2: Back in Business Soundtrack Song: Barbershop Typed by: rob@shadysociety.cjb.net [Intro: Kon Artis] Haha Ai This time we're gonna do our thing (Huh) Is that aiight wit y'all? (Yeah) Its gotta be cuz we gon do it anyway Ain't that right fellaz (Yeah) Fellaz ain't that right (Yeah) Haha [Chorus: Kon Artis] Tell ya people, that I'm the man I can't be faded, there's been a change of plans You can meet me at the barbershop (At the barbershop) At the barbershop (At the barbershop) You can meet me at the barbershop (C'mon, where?) At the barbershop (At the barbershop) [Kon Artis] Well its friday afternoon and I just woke up (*burp-fart*) That's right I just woke up From an excruciating evening at work, woman so what That its two-thirty-PM, I'm grown dammit straight up And know when through my finger either I think it is time we bust, you know Leave the premisis less you plannin' to cook, I mean it's Three o'clock and I gotta gimme a cut for that Big party tonight thrown at K-P Productions And I don't wanna loose my spot Cuz everybody know "Big O" got the tightest fans on the block So I got to be in that seat at Four o'clock Shoot I need me some crispy-ones to go with my new outfit So tell ya people. [Chorus: Kon Artis] Tell ya people, that I'm the man I can't be faded, there's been a change of plans You can meet me at the barbershop (At the barbershop) At the barbershop (At the barbershop) You can meet me at the barbershop (C'mon, where?) At the barbershop (At the barbershop) [Kuniva] Haha Understand me now, I'm cool as a breeze (Wassup playa, wassup) On the black hand side, gimme some grease (Alright) I want a liner but naw I don't want you to fate me (Nope) A ghetto girl with a attitude to contegrate me So what's happenin', the hood's seein' in I get the scoop on everyone in the ghetto so let's begin Who got shot? (Mike) Who got jumped? (Eric) Who got ganked? (Shay) Who got robbed? (Dee) Who went to jail? (Chuck) Who got saved? (Rick) Who's gettin' money and who's broke as a joke And hear about your lady called me that started smokin' that dope (For real?) You get it all at this little dusty place Let me be still, she gettin' out the razor from my face You see. [Chorus: Kon Artis] Tell ya people, that I'm the man I can't be faded, there's been a change of plans You can meet me at the barbershop (At the barbershop) At the barbershop (At the barbershop) You can meet me at the barbershop (C'mon, where?) At the barbershop (At the barbershop) [Bizarre] You heard of me, the fat guy that raps Now its time for Bizarre to take off his shower cap Its been five days, I patiently waited Saturday morning, its time to get faded And I mean get faded, "I mean get faded" Damn at four o'clock, I didn't almost make it My barber's name is Sarah, she don't really know how to cut But she gots nice teeth and big ol' butt So two days a week, I get faded for no reason Same ol' haircut, keep it low and breathin' If you see me in a barbershop, go on and run Cuz I'm probably gettin' a perm and my toe-nails done [Proof + (Kon Artis)] Got here full grip, but can't call the cops I gotta get the script from the lips to the barbershop Jump in the seat "Yo gimme the line and" And tell me who came through shinnin' (Homeboy scooped up, in a new truck) (Gave everybody a cup and gave me a few bucks) (Then he started braggin' bout his last lick) Cut me a design along with his address [Swift] You can have a million dollar suit on, shinnin' with ya karats up But it don't mean nothin' if ya floggin' in ya haircut Now who next? (Um I just want my son to get a tech) Whatabout you sweetie? (So what you tryin' say?) I'm just playin' with you baby (Hey He do this all the time) And all you do is whine, and drink wine (Hahaha) Yo' you know that Cho-chie got knocked out (Man) (When?) Early at Le'mott's house (Again?) (I wouldn't let that man sit on my couch) (You was wit him yesterday) (Man what are you talkin' bout?) I'm just about ready to throw y'all out (No you ain't, I'll be here for bout a hour) No I'll raise up the rates [Kon Artis] So go tell ya people, that I'm the man I can't be faded, there's been a change of plans You can meet me at the barbershop (At the barbershop) You can meet me at the barbershop (At the barbershop) You can meet me at the barbershop (C'mon, where?) At the barbershop (At the barbershop) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Eminem Album: Celebrity Deathmatch Soundtrack Song: My Fault (Pizza Mix) Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash, mamasuga@hmc.edu * Eminem does the voices of all characters in the song * [G] Eminem as Susan (the girl) [D] Eminem as Dave [J] Eminem as John [R] Eminem as Ron Chorus: repeat 2X I never meant to give you mushrooms girl I never meant to bring you to my world Now you sitting in the corner crying And now it's my fault my fault [Eminem] I went to John's rave with Ron and Dave And met a new wave blonde babe with half of her head shaved A nurse aid who came to get laid and tied up with first aid tape and raped on the first date Susan -- an ex-manic depressive who just moved from Houston who love booze and alternative music (Whattup?) Told me she was starvin, I said it wasn't a problem (Nah!) I got a coupon for this pizza with everything on it We can double the mushrooms and minus the sausage [G] I'm allergic to fungus  Come on Sue, that's nonsense Who's at the door?? Pizza man! Who ordered pizza? Wasn't it yours? Nuh uh [G] If you got it with double mushrooms on it then I don't want it Shutup Susan I'll pick em off it Oh hell, I might as well try it, I'll be alright Susan you just swallowed the wrong slice!! Chorus: 1st repeat Em says "I'm sorry!" at the end   2nd repeat same as original Chorus "Yo Sue!" [G] Get away from me, I don't know you Oh shoot, she's tripping.. [G] I need to go puke!! (Bleahh!) I wasn't tryin to turn this into somethin major I just wanted to make you appreciate flavor Susan, stop cryin, I don't hate ya I'm sorry your father used to chase you and spank you with hangers So what they locked you in the attic in your dad's house? That ain't no reason to start wiggin and spaz out She said, [G] Help me I think I'm havin a seisure! I said, "You're breaking out in hives, let go of the pizza!" "Would you put it down you're startin to scare me" She said, [G] I'm twenty-six years old and I'm not married  I don't even have any kids and I can't cook (Hello!) I'm over here Sue, (hi) you're talkin to the plant, look! We need to get to a hospital 'fore it's too late  Cause I never seen no-one eat as many shrooms as you ate Chorus: 1st repeat Em says "Whoops!" after first line   and "It was an accident!" at the end   2nd repeat same as original Chorus Susan (wait!) Where you goin? You better be careful [G] Leave me alone dad, I'm sick of gettin my hair pulled I'm not your dad, quit tryin to swallow your tongue Want some gum? Put down the scissors, 'fore you do somethin dumb I'll be right back just chill baby please? I gotta go find Dave he majored in allergies "John, where's Dave at before I bash you?" [J] He's in the bathroom; I think he's takin a crap dude! "Dave! Pull up your pants, we need an ambulance There's a girl upstairs talkin to plants choppin her hair off, and there's only two days left  of Spring Break, how long do these things take to wear off?" [D] Well it depends on how many pieces she ate Just one, with double mushrooms by mistake Now she's upstairs cryin out her eyeballs, breaking out in hives" [D] She's gonna die dude "I know and it's my fault!" [D] My god!!! Chorus: 1st repeat Em says "I'm sorry!" after second line   and "What do I do?" at the end   2nd repeat same as original Chorus My God, I'm so sorry! I'm so sorry! Susan please wake up! Please! Please wake up!! What are you doing?! You're not dead!! You're NOT dead! I know you're not dead! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Eminem Album: Cleanin Out My Closet (CD Single) Song: Stimulate Typed by: sheets_69@hotmail.com * * send corrections to the typist [Intro] Psst... Hey, listen I love my job, makes me feel like... Superman! (haha) Can you fly? I can - wanna see? I.. am only entertainin' you, my goal is to stimulate makin' you high And take you and I to a place you can't see But I believe you can fly I don't mean nobody harm I'm just partyin' I'm not your dad, not your mom, not your guardian Just a man who's on the mic so let me entertain you (I'm here to save you I've come here for the ride So let me entertain you And everything will be fine) [Eminem] My lyrical content is constantly under fire, no wonder why Constantly bombed back to combat attacks to constant concepts When lyrics are constantly took out of context Failure to communicate with Congress has Been a problem for the longest I guess but Maybe one day we can make some progress Food for thought see how long it takes to digest Feelin' good when I should be ashamed Shit I really shoulda fell but I stood, see I came Like a flame in the night, like a ghost in the dark There's a ray, there's a light, there's a hope, there's a spark But when planets collide they'll never see eye-to-eye Until they decide to set their differences aside And this is why only one of us will survive So children, follow my lead and feel the vibe because I am only entertainin' you My goal is to stimulate makin' you high And take you and I to a place you can't see But I believe you can fly I don't mean nobody harm I'm just partyin' I'm not your dad, not your mom, not your guardian Just a man who's on the mic so let me entertain you (I'm here to save you I've come here for the ride So let me entertain you And everything will be fine) [Eminem] My music can be slightly amusin' You shouldn't take lyrics so serious it might be confusin' Tryin' to separate the truth from entertainment It's stupid ain't it? I get sick just tryin' to explain it See I could sit and argue wit' you but it goes beyond Just bein' a snot, pointy-nosed, bleach blonde 'Cuz I came here to uplift, let your woes be gone Tell 'em to get fucked and just mosey on Constantly movin', constantly usin' The Constitution as a form of restitution Bless the children, nothin' less than brilliant "Let Me Entertain You" like Robbie Williams I'll be here when y'all are gone rebuildin' World revolvin', still evolvin', still Slim How many kids'll copy? Probably millions But I'ma do this as a fuckin' hobby 'til then 'cuz I am only entertainin' you My goal is to stimulate makin' you high And take you and I to a place you can't see But I believe you can fly I don't mean nobody harm I'm just partyin' I'm not your dad, not your mom, not your guardian Just a man who's on the mic so let me entertain you (I'm here to save you I've come here for the ride So let me entertain you And everything will be fine) [Eminem] My lyrical content contains subject matter that sucks up all these fucked up Young kids at an alarmin' rate, common denominate Add it up, and you see just why I dominate I try to stimulate but kids emulate and mimic every move you make, Slim, you great! But wait, can't you see I'm only hear to entertain? I gotta be the one to go against the grain 'Cuz now I see it, feel it, live it but it's inhumane For me to see you be influenced then pretend you ain't But they don't understand that I been through pain If you get to know me I can be a friend you gain But you can't just stand there and try to judge It hurts but your jealousy prolly tears you up inside as much And as such, I pleasure every button that I touch I treasure every glutton that I punish in my lust but I am only entertainin' you My goal is to stimulate makin' you high And take you and I to a place you can't see But I believe you can fly I don't mean nobody harm I'm just partyin' I'm not your dad, not your mom, not your guardian Just a man who's on the mic so let me entertain you (I'm here to save you I've come here for the ride So let me entertain you And everything will be fine) [Eminem Singing Backwards] (I'm here to save you I've come here for the ride So let me entertain you And everything will be fine) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Eminem Album: Relapse Song: Crack a Bottle Typed by: eckostylez@gmail.com [Intro] Oooh! Ladies and gentlemen, the moment you've all been waiting for In this corner, weighing 175 pounds, with a record of 17 rapes, 400 assaults, and 4 murders The undisputed, most diabolical villain in the world, Slim Shady! So crack a bottle, let your body waddle Don't act like a snobby model You just hit the lotto Uh oh uh oh, bitches hopping in my Tahoe Got one riding shotgun and no not one of them got gloves Now where's the rubbers? Whose got the rubbers? I noticed there's so many of them and there's really not that many of us And ladies love us and my posse's kicking up dust It's on till the break of dawn and we're starting this party from dusk Ladies and gentlemen, Dr Dre [Verse One] They see that low rider go by there, like "Oh my!" You ain't got to tell me why you're sick cuz I know why I dip through in that six trey like sick 'em Dre I'm an itch that they can't scratch, they're sick of me But hey, what else can I say? I love LA Cuz over and above all, it's just another day And this one begins where the last one ends Pick up where we left off and get smashed again I'll be damned, just fucked around and crashed my Benz Driving around with a smashed front end Let's cash that one in Grab another one from out the stable The Monte Carlo, El Camino or the El Derado The hell if I know Do I want leather seats or vinyl Decisions, decisions garage looks like precision collision Or maico beats quake like Waco Just keep the bass low speakers away from your face though [Verse Two] Back when Andre, the giant, mister elephant tusk Picture us, you'll just be another one bit the dust Just one of my mother's son who got thrown under the bus Kiss my butt lick my wonder cheese from under my nuts They disgust, me to see the game the way that it looks It's a must, I redeem my name n haters get murked Bitches lust man they love me when I lay in the cut Missed the cut the lady give a raidy some paper cut Now picture us It's ridiculous you curse at the thought Cuz when I spit the verse the shit gets worse and worse cause your soft If I could fit the words as picture perfect, works every time Every verse, every line, as simple as nursery rhymes It's elementary the elephants have entered the room I venture to say with the same repetition is true Not to mention back with a vengeance, so here's the signal Of the bat symbol The platinum dude is back on you hoes [Verse Three] It's sorta like pourin' Draino down a live volcano You never know what'll happen next, it may blow Same thing happens to the beats when Dre blows I talk shit, but my dick's long as my payroll I get ass like a ball player, but I'm a boss player Pimpin' hoes from here to Australia Till I get heart failure Look at ya half of ya'll, all scared Other half, hands up in the air, like "Awww yeah" This is our year, this is what you call sheer talent, But I think at this point it's just obvious Fierce, they say my music's good for all queers Cuz I make your ear ring, get it?, piercin' all ears Call us the mafia We got the fucking mob here Gimme the hate and I'll feed off of ya's all year Shit, I'm just doing my job here You don't want no problem, do ya? Fuck it, I'll even crack a bottle for ya The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DMX f/ Eminem, Obie Trice Album: Cradle 2 The Grave Soundtrack Song: Go to Sleep Typed by: slayerreyals@yahoo.com [Eminem] I ain't gonna eat, I ain't gonna sleep Ain't gonna breathe, 'til I see what I wanna see And what I wanna see, is you go to sleep in the dirt Permanently, you just bein hurt, this ain't gonna work For me, it just wouldn't be, sufficient enough Cause we, are just gonna be, enemies As long as we breathe, I don't ever see, either of us Comin to terms, where we can agree There ain't gonna be, no reasonin, speakin wit me You speak on my seed, then me, no speak-a ingles So we gonna beef, and keep on beefin, unless You're gonna agree, to meet with me in the flesh And settle this face to face, and you're gonna see A demon unleashed in me, that you've never seen And you're gonna see, this gangster pee on himself I see you D-12, and thanks, but me need no help Me do this one all by my lonely I don't need fifteen of my homies When I see you, I'm seein you, me and you only We never met, but best believe you gon' know me When I'm this close, to see you exposed as phony Come on bitch, show me, pick me up, throw me Lift me up, hold me, just like you told me You was gonna do, that's what I thought, you're pitiful I'm rid of you, all of you, Ja, you'll get it too! Now go to sleep bitch! Die, motherfucker, die! Ugh, time's up, bitch, close ya eyes Go to sleep, bitch! (what?) Why are you still alive? How many times I gotta say, close ya eyes? And go to sleep bitch! (what?) Die motherfucker die, bye, bye, motherfucker, bye, bye! Go to sleep bitch! (what?) Why are you still alive? Why, die motherfucker, ah, ah, ah... ...Go to sleep bitch! [Obie Trice] We got you niggaz, nervous On purpose, to hurt your focus, you'se not MC's, you'se worthless You'se not them G's, you'se a circus, you'se no appeal, please You'se curtains, you use words, cool heard, slurred in two thousand third You'se purpin, you'se no threat, who's ya servin? When lyrically oughta bury you beneath the dirt when You fuck with a label overseeing the Earth Shady muthafucka, O. Trice's birth And as I mold, I become a curse So we can put down the verse, take it to the turf Cock and squeeze, and he who reach the hearse is he who Depicts fiction in his verse And as I breathe, and you be deceased The world believe you deceived just to speak You'se not the streets, you'se the desk Use not your chest nigga, use a vest Before two's choose ya rest, you chose death Six feet deep, nigga, that's the debt [DMX] Hey dog, I'ma walk like a beast, talk like the streets I'ma stay blazin New York wit the heat Stalk on the beat, walk wit my feet Understand my pain, the rain ain't sleet Peep how I'm moving, peep where I'm going Shit don't seep, then sleep not knowin But I'ma keep growing, getting larger than life Easy-going with the same one that started the fight He be knowing how dog get, when dog gon bite Tried to show him the dog shit, it's dog for life Grand champ, and my Blood Line is tight Cuz it's all good, it's all right Niggas tried to holla, but couldn't holla back Now they gots to swallow, everything in the sac Blood Line, and, we can go track for track Damn dog, why'd you have to do them niggas like that? [Eminem] All you motherfuckers, take that! Here, take this too, bitch! Uh, Uh, Uh, Uh, Waaaaaahoo We're killing all you motherfuckers dead, all of you Fake ass gangsters! No more press! No more press! Rot, motherfuckers, rot! Decay, in the dirt, bitch, in the motherfucking dirt! Die nameless, bitch, die nameless! No more fame! Ahhhhhhhhhh! Hahahaha Yo X, come on man, Obie, let's go, haha The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: D-12 f/ Da Ruckus, Paradime Album: High 12" Song: High Typed by: UpToWNKiLLa181@aol.com * * send corrections to the typist {*"Yo yo, yo yo yo yo yo-yo" repeated in background throughout  the whole song*} [Swifty McVay] Yo.. uhh, where your mom at? Uhh, uhh Watch these motherfuckers macks like Guilian, a hooligan Niggaz see my face and be like "OH MY GOD, IT'S YOU AGAIN?!" It don't matter what crew you in I let loose and sent slugs, all in your face like hallucigens (ahh!) You had no clue to what the fuck we do to men (uhh) Smash 'em heads with aluminum (yeah), bats if I ain't shootin 'em (take that!) I collect the loot you spend, to whom it may (bitch) concern, you learn not to fuck wit Swifty McVay You'll burn nigga, I get into ya Like Drew Barrymore wit clamedia, I'm gettin rid of ya Now all the witnesses be (uhh, yeah, uhh) pointin fingers I'm serial When I bomb first, it's gon' be worse than bicentennial (haha) All ya appear when expected like cold soars When in World Wars, puttin slugs through whore's doors The chance is all yours, so motherfucker take it (uh-huh) Treat ya life like it's sacred or get robbed butt-naked (uhh) [Bizarre] Guess who's back, it's Mister Fuck-All-Y'all (what!?) Ya niggaz get my balls, quick to break all ya laws (yeah) I'm smokin hashin green wit the mayors Smack the mic out ya hand, quicker than Lawerence Taylor (haha) I shoot up ya whole block for no apparent reason Niggaz ain't comin back like Barry Shunder's next season (ya down!) Bizarre from the Outsidaz, smoke like easy riders (haha) Hindu niggaz off like a plate of appetizers Your girl talk trash (shut up!) nigga I'ma buck her (That bitch got AIDS) What that gotta do wit me fuckin her? Disrespect my squad, watch me start swarmin (uh-huh) You hear so much stuff you just think Kurt Franklin was performin Bizarre half dead, full of dough and bread (what?) Make opponents fit with your local crackhead (uhh) I'm doing a promo, live at the (?) (yeah) with some homos drippin wit the electrifyin mojo Cause the only motherfuckers that'll die tonight Smoke weed and cocaine just to get you high Motherfuckers come prepared cause they startin to fight Stab you dead in your back wit a rusty kniiife! Cause the only motherfuckers that'll die tonight Smoke weed and cocaine just to get you high Motherfuckers come prepared cause they startin to fight Stab you dead in your back wit a rusty kniiife! [Kuniva] Aiyyo, talkin shit will only get you fags high (uh-huh) You gon' get your dad shot, take his portable labtop (gimmie that) (hey!) You probably heard that you now we stealin halfs and food stamps, dining room sets and gold lamps (uh-huh) I'm drunk as hell cussin out old tramps (shut up!) Like the boy scouts did up camp and hit more licks than stamps I'm quick to crash, let the shottie blast Grab the dolly and drag the bodies of niggaz that lolly gagged Finish; you might as well climb in this body bag so the E.M.S. won't waste time puttin your ass in it (hey) I'm out cold like bums and frost bite in blizzards Dirty Dozen be payin rappers, run freely, visit {*PUNCH*} A big portion passed a normal artist with a deal (uh-huh) I'm heartless, comin outta battles scarless wit the skill For real, I feel I was born to lyrically kill at will Wit the power to sell wheel I'm killed (I'm serious!) Damn my man is ill, so don't you get caught Kuniva, obliterate rappers with just a meare cough I'm fierce, hungry on the prawl so you're aloud to run before I drop the mic and jump in the crowd with a gun {*PUNCH*} Shootin blind, hittin turntables and speakers DJs and bouncers be catchin bullets through they beepers [Verse Four] Yo, yo, uh-huh I embrace violence (uh-huh), loud mouth to hate silence (yeah) A grace tirent to encourage kids to go rob (?) (smoke weed) A bus driver that's near-sighted I could see ass but not people I'm supposed pick up from stops cause I ride passed it (hey stop!) Who the hell you know jump in a lake of piranas Go to church just to slain ganja and driven off drama Fuck ya mama, I'd kill her for stackin shit that high Your nose got shot cause I missed your eye A wise guy who get high off his own supply Zombie fire ya own family and make you verify The corpses, had his horsemen and'll leave your stage torchin Screamin "Beat" as soon as I show, ya niggaz fault then (let's leave!) Beats bang, got ears bleedin throughout this That's why people ignore you, like you ain't even talkin You chit-chatted and got splatted by disease Be attict and spits spontaneous like Greg Maddux I cut 'em off crooked in ganja green Ya mans is high, get ignorant, or beats, by loosin his spleen Your troop'll be seen as soon my team get on We ruinin citys like "Godzilla" through Hong Kong You ding-dong dummys ain't dumb enough to try and dodge bullets As soon as I pull it, I douse 'til you're full of it I love beef, I'm mackin lit wit the heat My technique is well spoken even when I don't speak I sent a nigga twistin wit heat so many times that when he knownful he facin the back of his feet [Verse Five] I'ma fall to those sworn, I split your capricorn and forewarn your first born and forms a snow storm I flip caps, like Kittins on gym mats and get under your skin fast Battle me, I'm Slim (?), I crack brains like egg shells and scramble your brain cells and shatter your veins well The fatter the pains well (hahaha) Who wanna jump, plainly rob with this pistol? (what?) Step back, drew heat without heal like I was Sisqo (ahh!) Sicko, individual, from the get go (uh-huh) Stab you wit the pencil just to watch the blood trickle Tickle you to death then I rhyme like Don Ripples (hahahaha) Crack you in the back with an ax, I hide sickles (AHHH!) I got three dimes in my hands and three nickels (uh-huh) Leavin a bad taste ya mouth like sweet pickels (haha!) I'll ask to borrow ya car then drive through a police station Jump out then start shootin like a bunch of crazed Haitians Plus I'm too skinny cause my attitude is shitty Plus my record label shifty, it's enough to make me pretty (what?) I'll make you mother hate me, you could place ya car bets (what?) Call me a vigilante like my man Benard (?) [Verse Six] The only things missin is for me to shatter these bastards Cause I breathe toxic fumes and spit battery acid and had to be a drastic situation for you to step through the ghetto snort size gun powder and pounce fortys and jet fumes, NECESS FUEL! We make the shit shake, to break the break to tearin rappers out the brain, like ex-bitches picture (ha) So look when I'm tore up off liquor I'll steal ya mics and beat your DJ down with his own muh'fuckin mix uhh (bitch, stay down!) The name is Don I spit on rappers and they wifeys Bang yo' bitch when you ain't home and walk out wit yo' Nikes (your lyin) Yeah I might be (what?) Just ask her where she got them bruises on her ass cause all 'em knucks stay on the night (shut up bitch) The mighty whitey, I drive you rappers fuckin crazy You wonderin "How the hell my lady had this white baby!" (what?!) In the richest city, the crew and 'em suit me name Leavin you (?) like J.F.K. and juniors playin [Verse Seven] I'm nasty, I hack a loogy in your face {*HACH*} Then dig in my ass crack before I fix your dinner plate (eat this) For evil sakes, I kill man for penny weight What plenty hate, I took out my many dates (bitch) I'm the addition that make you fled pissin If you stay there they'll find your body with your head missin (AHH!) You're dread dissin, so it wouldn't be wise too You know you biggers fuck but they make coughers in your size too Trespass, and you will get your chest mad The Lord's prayer, it would keep you outta (?) well (Our father, AMEN!) I love drama, I make fems like Madonna (Like a Virgin!) I'm fuckin ya moms, granny, and great grandmama Yo, hahaha, what? Hahaha, yo yo yo, Da Ruckus in the house I thought ya KNEEEW! Hahaha, haha, Bizarre - ill or not Detriot City Y'AALL! Yeah, Swifty McVay, don't stop boy The game, hahahaha-ha, D-12, where your mama at? Da Ruckus, PEEIN, I'M PEEIN ON YOU, I'M PEEIN ON YOU! What the f.. I'M PEEIN ON YOU! Yo we out, hurry up [Chorus 2X] Cause the only motherfuckers gonna die tonight {*music fades*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: D-12 Album: Purple Hills 12" Song: Purple Hills * Typed by: Uptownkilla181@aol.com * radio and video version of "Purple Pills" [Eminem] Ugh.. yo yo yo, yo [Chorus: Eminem] I've been so many places, I've seen so many faces But nothing compares to these blue and yellow purple hills I've climbed the highest mountain, once or twice but who's countin But nothing compares to these blue and yellow purple hills [Eminem] Yo, yo Cool, calm, just like my mom With a couple of lawsuits inside her palm It's Mr. Mischief with a trick up his sleeve  To roll up on you like Christopher Reeves I can't describe the vibe I get When I drive by six people and five I hit (oops) Aww [shit], I started a mosh pit Squashed a chick and lost her foster kids (ahh!) This room make me hallucinate Then I sweat 'til I start losin weight 'Til I see dumb [shit] start happenin Dumber than Vanilla Ice tryin to rap again So bounce, bounce, come on bounce {*GUNFIRE*} I said come on, bounce (ahh!) Everybody in the house doin mass amounts (me!) To the women in the thongs with they asses out (oh) We don't bull[shit], better ask around D-12 throws the bombest bash in town Bizarre, your mom is crashin out Help me get her on the couch 'fore she passes out Come on! [Kon Artis and Kuniva] [Fuck] that, someone help Denaun He's upstairs wrestlin Elton John  Heh, hey Von you see me steppin on these leprechauns? It gotta be Tums, the Exlaxe is gone  Ya I took them all dawg with some parmesan  And I think my arm is gone Naw it's probably numb Young, dumb, and full of [cum] And I think he 'bout to swallow his tongue  Scary ass it was a false alarm  You think I'm 'bout to die when I just got on? Yo stop actin stupid You so high that you might wake up with a guy on some new [shit] (eww!) Yeah I think I did too much (uh-huh) I think I got the runs (uh-huh) Rolaids, Pepto and Tums -- watch out, here it comes! {*laughter*} [Eminem] Dirty Dozen, eighty of us, Shady brothers, ladies love us That's why our baby mothers love us but they hate each other They probably wanna take each other out and date each other Some-, somethin, some'un, some'un, some'un {*babbling*} [Proof] Hop hills, hills I hop Hop two hills on stilts I walk Snort two lines that were filled with chalk Thought it was +Incredible+ and killed the +Hulk+ I wanna, roll away like a rollerblade Until my eyes fall back and I'm scared for days And when I'm, over weight and my golf ball broke No okey-doke, I'm packin my nose with soap {*cough cough cough*} Am I supposed to choke? Had an accident when the Trojan broke Aww, poor baby, born by [whore] lady Now I'm payin child support.. (it's your baby!) [Swifty McVay] I take fo' shots at one time And I don't need a chaser when I'm swallowin' mine (Hey, you got any room?) In Bizarre's hatchback? We can't go far cause our car has flats Why the hell you people think I rap? Because my mother taught me how to breach contracts And if you got cash, then hide it soon (Swift, chill) I'm just tryin to get bi like you! (eww!) And I don't give a damn if they find me rude (uh-huh) Mean, crude, the hell with you too (uh-huh) I only need three blunts and I'm cool I just copped some and I'm goin back soon [Bizarre] I'm at a rave lookin at a babe like she want it (hahaha) Gin and tonic demonic, body smell like vomit Loony, crazy, chunky, sexy, dopey-headed guy Whip cream, dirty mattresses, wanna try? (c'mon) Blue hills, golden seals, got Bizarre, actin ill Drugs kill (yeah right) - chick, I'm for real! Shut your mouth you dirty girl, you know you want me in your world Ladies please don't fight; Bizarre's here all night! [Eminem] Dirty Dozen, eighty of us, Shady brothers, ladies love us That's why our baby mothers love us but they hate each other They probably wanna take each other out and date each other Some-, somethin, some'un, some'un, some'un {*babbling*} {*harmonica plays until fade*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: (D-12 f/) Eminem Album: Shit on You b/w I Remember 12" Song: I Remember Typed by: cyris@bigfoot.com Your mother, you fuckin faggot La da da, da da da, da da (repeated) Aiyo, this next song is dedicated to the memory of Erik Shrody Rest in peace, we aint forget about you, you fuckin homo We still remember There once was a man who liked to jump around (jump around) But he got too old to jump up and down (up and down) (so then what happened?) So he put the mic down and picked the guitar up (picked the guitar up) (and then he what?) Started singin the blues like there was no tommorrow (was no tommorrow) (come on) Left his boys in the House of Pain (the House of Pain) It was the wisest decision he ever made (ever made) But the dumbest thing that he could ever do (could ever do) Was try to buck a 380 on those that act shady Tell me now what you gonna do (now what you gonna do) [chorus] Cause I remember all those years How it was when you were here I remember how it was, how it was when you were young Yesterday was so long ago (long ago) Kid Rock and Limp Bizkit came along now Don't nobody wanna hear your old ass sing no more I remember back when you had The Knack (had the knack) And I remember when you had your first heart attack (heart attack) I was right there laughin when I heard the news (heard the news) I just wish the cardiac would'a murdered you (would'a murdered you) (Damn) Maybe Ice-T's right, you are a bitch (you are a bitch) (maybe he's right) You come around when you're broke and you leave when you're rich (leave when you're rich) But the dumbest thing that you could ever do (that you could ever do) Was try to buck a 380 on those that act shady Tell me now what you gonna do (now what you gonna do) [chorus] yo (yo) yo (yo) yo (yo) Remember back in '94, like right before Ms. Everlast was Whitey Ford Before his heart attack had him on life support When house of pain was out of fame like someone doused the flame And they became destined to never jump around again Or even further back, when i first had heard The Knack And you were down with Syndicate, I went to get your shit, man I was into it But then you went and took your style and switched the shit Now you sound rediculous you dickless piece of shit, How could you diss me, bitch? I liked you, thought you was alright for a white dude, Remember Sway and Tech when I came up and sat beside you Started rhymin, then you left the room  and didn't say goodbye or nothin? Like you was mad that someone else was White and tried to rhyme or somethin I'm sorry man, I wasn't tryin to steal your light or nothin But you're a homosexual, white rappin Irish {*Muslim*} Man I wish I was Irish, I could be a {*Muslim*} too Then I'd be confused as you, and I wouldn't know what to do What's up with you?  I never fucked with you, why would you fuck with me? Knowin I could rap circles around you, what, are you as nuts as me? Plus I can sing better than you and I don't fuckin sing And probably play guitar better, and I ain't never touched a string But I ain't mad at you, I'd hate me too if I was you I'm what you used to be, shit you was me in '92 So everytime I write a lyric, I'mma think of you And maybe that will help me know what it's like to sing the blues [chorus]x2 You fuckin punk, pussy, you fuckin faggot, sissy, fuck And by the way, a 380's a fuckin sissy gun If you're gonna shoot somebody use a fuckin real gun You little bitch Next time say my fuckin name in a song Don't be subliminal about it You wanna fuckin diss me, diss me you fuckin faggot You fuckin punk, pussy, you fuckin little bitch, fuckin cunt The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Eminem f/ Almighty Dreadknaughts, Bugz, Proof Album: Desperados 12" Song: Desperados Typed by: newos_crib_is@hotmail.com * This song contains the verse from Bugz that was later featured on the "D12 World" album [Proof] Yo, aiyyo turn the heads up and the mics up We got the Dreadknaughts, y'knahmsayin? Super MC, y'knahmean? Bugz, Dirty and all that, all that shit, y'knahmsayin? Desperados with the cars, Eminem [Eminem] Chauvinist pig, drove in this big Lincoln till it went over the bridge, jumped out and dove in the ditch Broke in a mobile home and stole a stove and a fridge Kidnapped the parents and left the ransom note for the kids I'ma go for your mids, here's a body blow for your ribs while you're clutching your stomach and bleeding all over your bitch I know where you live, your girl showed me your crib Unless she told me a fib, then I'ma have both of ya did Burning incense, facing a murder sentence Under intense investigation for killing infants while I sit in padded rooms doing shrooms Having visions of dead pregnant women with brooms jabbed in they wombs Slit your carpet and rugs and fuck your apartment up Sticking it far with drugs, and jumping in garbage trucks I'm from the shitty slums that look like the city dumps Give you a kidney punch, and mug you to get me lunch See me every summer laying up against the dumpster with a hundred dollar jumper smothered in Southern Comfort Got my Slim Shady sticker on your mother's bumper She came home screaming, a bunch of motherfuckers jumped her [Proof] Aiyyo, proceed to list 'em, there's no need to diss 'em Down here we heat 'em, destroy your whole breathing system Twist 'em like beer caps once they hear that Rap murder rates, and I snap vertebrates Collapse further states, my track preserve the great Your pack deserve a crate, in fact the word is fate I kill you slow like AIDS-infested nuts I'm holding vendetta like seven great-molested sluts Calling me a bitch nigga, you need to stop Reality, one on one, how many times you got dropped? I'm cutthroat when any track runs, conscious when I smack nuns The rough method make Muslims run and pack guns I'm volcanic, the sermon preacher Burning emcees, most wanted by Herman Kiefer You tried to get a squad, they was like "Money, oh no" Leave you brain-dead, hitting trees with Sonny Bono I kick without a dojo, D12 slow flow Shoot down your mothership and pimp-smack mojo No pro wanna go knuckle-blades with the renegade Nigga tried to go pop, and plus they minute-made My lieutenant sprayed your brigade and trampled your flow Big P, the reason emcees cancelled they show The truth will hurt, seeing Proof at work, no shame in it The best part of your show is when you put my name in it My squad be godly, fearing shit hardly So I hope when I'ma die, dope like Chris Farley [Bugz] Fuck that~! Who run shit once these drums hit? You dove headfirst into some old dumb shit Here's a can of asswhip, for you to come get Yo' click made they trip, I make them hoes suck mint Ask them girl, they know the scoop, don't fuck with Bugz bitch I chop off her titty, have you sucking one tit Them pink belly niggas, is who you run wit Making half-ass songs, shitty snares and one kick I hate yo' damn sound, don't like it one bit~! You could make a double album, won't have one hit Your entire outfit, is on some bullshit and there's not a damn one that I can't outwit I ad-mit, that my style is unfit for momma's baby boy, because I'm on some dumb shit Like I commit, larceny, give harm quick You pull the alarm switch I stab you in your armpit Now who the nitwit wanna come get wit this egotistic Hip Hop fundamentalistic? Don't risk it, you get your shit split Now keep your distance, and keep existence I'm persistent when it comes to bent shit I smoke a, blunt with my judge right before my sentence I'm relentless, to deny is senseless Yo' bitch paid my bill, that's where the hell yo' rent went Fuck that~! [Almighty Dreadknaughts #1] I kill competition, with no way out as an opposition Execute the passengers on the flight, my executive decision Then reminisce on how +Shady+ the business Terrorists asked by Iraelis when they visit Bombing incentive, World War Three in the making Murdered the exhibition, team finish~! Beat the ref senseless~! No timeout, extended play burns over your intermission Then christen the battlefield with the blood of Christians Crying for the messiah, but he don't listen I pop my wig when I top the stove frame, boil sizzling A pyromaniac cook, I do damage to kitchens Fuck Home Depot, I demolition when I home improve, you need Bob here to +fix it+ Fuck school and supervision Bit off of financial aid and smoked up my tuition Only hang around rappers with explicit lyrics and pistol-grip punks for the beefing, do you wanna get heated? [Almighty Dreadknaughts #2] I got a mind full of troubles, everything's in doubles I buy my guns in couples, no time for placement fumbles Cause emcees come and emcees go, with broke flow Injured from head to toe, no fitter model, we full-throttle You stuck in low, incapable to master flow Everything is tactical, living mathematical I smash the flow, unleash and let go I shit like lava, original designer Married to marijuana since a minor Making attempts to sink my battleship could get you bent like fibs, what? Applying death-defying feats, maintain to keep my peace Flow like the sea when I release these beats over concrete [Almighty Dreadknaughts #3] My presidented transition has taken place as I express vocally on the M-I-C-R-O Power he's cipher, not equality, I deal it Lace the track and made it real, now I know my people feel it Keep their heads bobbing and the emotionals sobbing Plus a culture-cipher after shows, hoes slobbing knobs, love the fucking flavor of the icing Plus I'm precise and, my double edge continue slicing The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Eminem Album: Despicable 12" Song: Despicable Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com   {*beat from Drake's "Over" plays*} [Eminem] Uhh, uhh, haha Nah, fuck an intro man, let's just go I come around like what goes around, what goes up must come down Anyone who comes up must go down, might as well go for the gusto now Better not let up, better not let them breathe, last shot give it all you got Try to turn me down bitch get fucked with a volume knob, fuck all you snobs! Hoes I hope all you rot Two bottles of Lubriderm and a box of condoms, is that all you brought? And you want a ménage-à-trois you twats? Fuck that, I'd rather turn this club to a bar room brawl Get rowdy as Roethlisberger in a bathroom stall, like a leech stuck in a vacuum y'all Ain't nothin but a whole lot of suckin goin on in rap, yeah but I'm home Bad to the bone, back in the zone, let him alone, you don't wanna go eggin him on It'll never be my chair that you own - crown so tight that it cuts off  circulation to the brain, no oxygen, other words there's no "air" to the throne When I die so does hip-hop, Hitchcock better shit bitch ass doc, got it Ziploc'd in a bag, you fags ain't been able to fade me since Kid Rock had a high top Keep bloggin while I'm mind-bogglin, I zone like I'm in the twilight dog get off my bone, this is my mic doggone it, I like hoggin it Flow so wet I'ma take this beat tobogganin, I'm water-loggin it I'm soggin it, pull your verse out the beat and stomp on it Suplexin it on cement, like I'm on some "Straight Outta Compton" shit Take this dick and chomp on it, I'm so bad I can bitch-slap a back-handed compliment Jackass eat a donkey dick, the game I just about conquered it Like Donkey Kong I'm bonkers bitch, I'm the king of this honkey shit I reign supreme in this honkey shit, no sense screamin and arguin Makes no difference whether a Benz or Bentley or a Beamer's the car you in!  {*beat changes to Lloyd Banks' "Beamer, Benz, or Bentley"*} You think you ball well I'll palm it, I'll throw up bars when I vomit Boy I throw down in the kitchen, might hit your mom with my omelet But you got egg on your face, now watch me drop an atomic I should be strapped to the chest of a kamikaze bitch I'm as bat shit as Ozzy, it's obvious you can tell right off the bat No pun intended but come any closer I'll bite off your head! Tryin to give me the finger's kinda like givin a spider the web I'm just gonna spin it and try to use it to my advantage I catch a fly in that bitch, you think you fly you just food I give as much of a flyin fuck as that Superman dude Guess I just do what you can't do, I'll make you look stupid and bamboozled Confused as usual and you can get ripped, she can open a can too But you better hope you can handle the heat or stay the fuck out of hell's kitchen I came to cock-block, like a square fuckin male chicken Yeah, it's Shady slut, the rest can suck on a big one Cause I'm as despicable, as Daffy Duck when I'm spittin Ha ha, "Recovery" The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Eminem Album: Difficult 12" Song: Difficult (Proof Tribute) Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Eminem] They ask me am I okay, they ask me if I'm happy Are they askin me that because of the shit that's been thrown at me? Or am I just a little snappy and they genuinely care? Doody, most of my life it's just been me and you there And I continuously stare at pictures of you I never got to say "I love you" as much as I wanted to but I do Yeah, I say it now and you can't hear me What the fuck good does that do me now? But somehow I know you're near me Your presence; oh I went and dropped some presents off for Easter to them, two little beautiful boys of yours to try to ease their minds a little and dawg you'll never believe this But Sharonda, actually talks to me now, Jesus! And everyone else is just tryin to pick up the pieces Man how could you touch so many fuckin lives and just leave us? They say grievance has its way of affectin everyone different If it's, true, how the fuck I'm 'sposed to get over you? Difficult as it sounds... [Eminem] Yo, yeah Doody - that's what we called each other I don't know where it came from but it just stuck with us, we was always brothers Never thought about each other's, skin colors 'Til one day we was walkin up the block in the summer It was like 90 degrees, I was catchin a sunburn Tryin to walk under the trees just to get me some comfort I'm moanin, I just wanna get home and I look over and your shirt is off, I'm like "You're gonna fry"; you're like, "No I won't I'm Black stupid! And Black people they got melatonin in their skin, we don't burn!" Meanwhile my face is glowin And I feel like I'm on fire, and the entire time you're just laughin at me And snappin at me with your shirt bastard And I have to get you back for that shit And by the way them playboy rings my mother stole from you Well Nate finally got 'em back, shit That musta been at least 16 years ago, well I put 'em in your cask-oww Movin past it, it still ain't registered yet But you can bet, your legacy they'll never forget The Motor City Motown, hip-hop vet Hip Hop Shop dreads, it don't stop there Yeah, as difficult as it sounds... [Eminem] Yeah, and this may sound a little strange but I'ma tell it I found a jacket that you left at my wedding, I picked it to smell it I wrapped it up in plastic until I put it in glass and hang it up in the hallway so I can always look at it And as for all of me and D12, we feel like "Fuck rap" It feels like our general just fuckin died in our lap We shut off all our pagers, all our cell numbers is changed, our two-ways are in the trash so some cats'll have to find a new way And I know that it feels like the dreams will die with you today But the truth is they're all still here, and you ain't Purple Gang, you gotta keep pressin on Don't ever give up the dream dawg, I got love for you all And Doody, it's true you brought people together  who never woulda been in the same room if it wasn't for you You were the peace-maker Doody, I know sometimes you were moody But you hated confrontation and truly hated the feuding But you was down for yours whenever it came to scrappin If it had to happen it had to happen - believe me I know you're the one who taught me to throw dem 'bows back on Dresden From eggin cars to paintballin, gettin arrested to sittin across from each other in cells laughin and jestin They tried to hit us for five years for that, no question I guess them hookers and bums that we shot up didn't show up for court so we got off on a technicality, left sweatin Me, you and - what's his face? I forgot his fuckin name Shame he even came to your funeral, he betrayed  our team and if I see him again I'ma punch him in the fuckin face and that's on Hailie Jade, Whitney Lane, and Alaina's name I'll let the pistol bang once just to lick a shot in the air for you and pour some liquor out with Obie in the parkin lot, of 54 just before we were supposed to get in cars to come and see you once more Difficult as it sounds... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Eminem Album: Detroit Underground 2000 Volume 2 Song: Till Hell Freezes Over Typed by: eric420eric123@hotmail.com * * send corrections to the typist Yo yo yo yo yo (this is) This is my motherfucking anthem (hip hop) To hip hop music (anthem) Cause I'm gonna keep doing hip hop music until the day that I die (aight bitch) Yo I'm into voodoo, tarot cards and ugji boards Lighting candles camping out at haunted beach resorts I write the dark shit, and rap about perverted violence Ghost stories of people murdered on deserted islands Dressed in jean shorts, high tops and tube socks Holding a rifle, with a life full of drama like Tupac's Jumping off roof tops drunk after i do shots Landing in someone's backyard getting chewed up by two rotts I got a new watch and two rings with huge rocks This rap shit got cash coming out the blue like nude cops I use to sell pizza's, now i got twelve visa's So tell jesus I'm gonna quit sending when hell freezes [chorus] That's why my brain is out of order That's probley why my nights are getting colder and my day seems shorter But as the world turns and I keep growing older I be living this hip hop till hell freezes over Bitch till hell freezes over I be living this hip hop till hell freezes over And as the world turns and i keep growing older I be living this hip hop till hell freezes...over Yo I use to be to heavy in that cruising rap shit crap I think i fucked my head up listing to acid rap I go to party's bumping nasty nas's new song And smoke pot till I get high and i stare at shit for too long Like this weed is laced aint, it taste tainted Your whole place fainted, I woke up with my face painted Spaced out like sci-fi t.v Fuck ICP buy my cd cause while I'm screaming while I'm handing out promo tapes of my debut telling bitches let me eat your pussy while I shave you Aint no shame in my game I turn the party out Making everybody shout for the rapper with potty mouth [chorus] That's why my brain is out of order That's probley why my nights are getting colder and my day seems shorter But as the world turns and i keep growing older I be living this hip hop till hell freezes over Bitch till hell freezes over I be living this hip hop till hell freezes over And as the world turns and i keep growing older I be living this hip hop till hell freezes...over Uh, uh uh uh uh Ah ah ah ah Uh uh uh uh Ah ah ah ah Uh uh uh uh(Dr.dre) Ah ah ah ah(Slim shady) (Outsiders) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Eminem & Royce Da 5'9" Album: DJ Kay Slay & Whoo Kid "State of Emergency" mixtape Song: Renegade (Original Version) Typed by: LoDizzo@dpgc-2g.com, OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Royce Da 5'9"] Yo yo, it's several different levels to pickin up shovels and dumpin you in ditches under sea level Frontin you when I'm wit this Let me refreshin you niggaz til you my position in this Beef! - Leavin you under Venice, opposition finished! There it is, we invaded created a Pyramid - of a Haven of names, so blame Dre, and that ear of his So {*heavy breathing*} breathe, I'd rather REACH for your neck And I never HEAT you for respect, unless you GREET me wit less I got a skunk, in my trunk I'm lyin, I got a pump in my trunk Your dyin, how many lumps niggaz want? Who's ready for y'all? We ready for y'all We too incredibly raw, for any artist that said he would draw I stand firm, and it hurts to live it You open that can of worms, I hope you ready for the dirt that's wit it Slap a hoe, snatch a mic! Bein brought to y'all in black and in white (IT'S the NEW!) Joe Jackson and Ike, we renegades [Eminem] Since I'm in a position to talk to these kids and they listen I ain't no politician but I'll kick it with 'em a minute Cause see they call me a menace; and if the shoe fits I'll wear it But if it don't, then y'all'll swallow the truth grin and bear it Now who's these king of these rude ludicrous lucrative lyrics Who could inherit the title, put the youth in hysterics Usin his music to steer it, sharin his views and his merits But there's a huge interference - they're sayin you shouldn't hear it Maybe it's hatred I spew, maybe it's food for the spirit Maybe it's beautiful music I made for you to just cherish But I'm debated disputed hated and viewed in America as a motherfuckin drug addict - like you didn't experiment? Now now, that's when you start to stare at who's in the mirror and see yourself as a kid again, and you get embarrased And I got nothin to do but make you look stupid as parents You fuckin do-gooders - too bad you couldn't do good at marriage! (Ha ha!) And do you have any clue what I had to do to get here I don't think you do so stay tuned and keep your ears glued to the stereo Cause here we go - he's Royce, he's the King Of Detroit And I'm the sinister, Mr. Kiss-My-Ass it's just the [Chorus: Eminem + Royce] [Em] RENEGADE! Never been afraid to say what's on my mind at, any given time of day Cause I'm a RENEGADE! Never been afraid to talk about anything (ANYTHING) anything (ANYTHING), RENEGADE! [R9] RENEGADE! Never been afraid to say what's on my mind at, any given time of day Cause I'm a RENEGADE! Never been afraid to talk about anything (ANYTHING) anything (ANYTHING) [Royce Da 5'9] I determine what time it's on, I call my nigga Proof Hand him a pint of Limon and turn him loose! I'm tired of you new jacks I'm tired of niggaz that's like - "I'm bout to blow!" Unless you a bitch, we dont care if you bout do that Move back, youngster, the glock on speak Chew up your vest and turn your chest hair to taco meat! The street, continuous to pit, quick to smash ya or flash the clip, or give you the picture (developin) Click clock, six shots blows through another door And it gets hot, Hip Hop portable tug of war Who did ya niggaz beats you bitches, who made it work? Dat shit was *phwrt!*, I got harder 2-Way alerts Just when I thought my dogg couldn't get any meaner You talk about his daughter, you probably gettin the heater You talk about his momma, he won't even give ya the finger (He's crazy!) Deranged!, not media eaters, we renegades  [Eminem] See I'm a poet to some, a regular modern day Shakespeare Jesus Christ the King of these Latter Day Saints here To shatter the picture in which of that as they paint me as a monger of hate and Satan a scatter-brained atheist But that ain't the case, see it's a matter of taste We as a people decide if Shady's as bad as they say he is Or is he the latter - a gateway to escape? Media scapegoat, who they can be mad at today See it's easy as cake, simple as whistlin Dixie while I'm wavin the pistol at sixty Christians against me Go to war with the Mormons, take a bath with the Catholics in holy water - no wonder they try to hold me under longer I'm a motherfuckin spiteful, DELIGHTFUL eyeful The new Ice Cube - motherfuckers HATE to like you What did I do? (huh?) I'm just a kid from the gutter makin this butter off these bloodsuckers, cause I'm a muh'fuckin [Chorus] - repeat 2X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Eminem & Royce Da 5'9" Album: Eminem & Kool Kid Mixtape Song: Kool Kid Freestyle Typed by: timm2014@hotmail.com [Eminem] I'll leave your blueprints covered in shoe prints Poppin' Nuprin Neighborhood nuisance Murder your family for two cent Makin' your crew tense Brain's too dense Leave the mic with two dents Fresher than a whole mouth full of chewed mints Givin' you rude hints Cause if you're wack I'm gonna tell ya I got the issue where they diss in next month's Source I'm gonna mail ya You're a failure You're style's staler than a bowl of hardened rice Scared and sliced I flunked kinder garden twice But you ain't hard and nice And you sure ain't servin' no bids Sayin' you did is like seein' a damn virgin with kids Creepin' like a phantom Holdin' my dick like the +Player's Anthem+ Holdin' this microphone for ransom Bitches ask me why do I talk nasty? Grab an ass of every trashy whore that walks past me My crew's on drugs, lookin' like zombies Smokin' bomb trees Racin' police and dodge ? [Royce Da 5'9"] Lock, cock and explode Way beyond bitin' a nigga Get hungry, disconnect my jaw and swallow you whole I'm probably gonna blow Go to hell holdin' a mil Street smart, under educated, over skilled I'm tight to the vest You wanna rip me off? Then try I fight to the death, who wanna piss me off, then die? Curse niggas that try, I'm the first nigga to bust You the second nigga to pull, and the first nigga to die How dare you think that you gleam like the rest of my team You a bitch, you like a chip off a berget in my ring Stick to my words, so I don't threaten niggas no more If I make you a promise, then it's safe to say that it's honest My guns is tired from being fired While yours sits on the shelf I'm like a song concept in itself Totin' my weapon, burnin' your vest In '99, wack niggas learn from the best and hope to be second Nigga Kool Kid nigga What? The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Eminem Album: End of Days soundtrack Song: Bad Influence Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash, WACKFOOJIN@yahoo.com [Chorus One] {Just pull the plug!} People say that I'm a bad influence I say the world's already fucked, I'm just addin to it They say I'm suicidal, teenagers' newest idol {c'mon!} C'mon do as I do, go ahead get mad and do it {Just pull the plug!} People say that I'm a bad influence I say the world's already fucked, I'm just addin to it They say I'm suicidal, teenagers' newest idol {c'mon!} C'mon do as I do, go ahead get mad and do it {Just let it gooo!} [Eminem] Hand me an .8, beam me up and land me in space  I'ma sit on top of the world {I'm here} and shit on Brandy and Mase I'm more than ill I'm scarier than a white journalist in a room with Lauryn Hill {Ahh!} Human horror film but with a lot funnier plot, and people that feel me cause I'ma still be Madd Rapper, whether I got money or not {yup} As long as I'm on pills, and I got plenty of pot I'll be in a canoe paddlin, makin fun of your yacht But I would like an award  for the best rapper to get one mic in The Source and a wardrobe I can afford Otherwise I might get sent up back-strike in a Ford And you wonder what the fuck I need more Vicadin for Everybody's pissin' me off; even the No Limit Tank  looks like a middle finger sideways flippin me off No shit I'm a great danger to my health  Why else would I kill you then jump in the grave and bury myself? [Chorus Two] {Just pull the plug!} People say that I'm a bad influence I say the world's already fucked, I'm just addin to it They say I'm suicidal, teenagers' newest idol {c'mon!} C'mon do as I do, go ahead get mad and do it {Just let it gooo!} People say that I'm a bad influence I say the world's already fucked, I'm just addin to it They say I'm suicidal, teenagers' newest idol {c'mon!} C'mon do as I do, go ahead get mad and do it {Just do it!} [Eminem] I'm the illest rapper to hold the cordless, patrollin corners Looking for hookers to punch in the mouth with a roll of quarters I'm meaner in action than Roscoe beatin James Todd Sr. across the back with vacuum cleaner attachments {Ow! Ow! Ow!} I grew up in a wild hood, as a hazardous youth with a fucked up childhood, that I used as an excuse And ain't shit changed, I kept the same mindstate since the third time that I failed 9th grade You probably think that I'm a negative person, don't be so sure of it I don't promote violence, I just encourage it {c'mon} I laugh at the sight of death as I fall down a cement flight of steps {ahhhhhhhh!} and land inside a bed of spider webs So throw caution to the wind; you and a friend can jump off of a bridge and if you live, do it again Shit, why not, blow your brain out, I'm blowin mine out Fuck it, you only live once, you might as well die now! [Chorus Three] {Just let it gooo!} People say that I'm a bad influence I say the world's already fucked, I'm just addin to it They say I'm suicidal, teenagers' newest idol {c'mon!} C'mon do as I do, go ahead get mad and do it {Just pull the plug!} People say that I'm a bad influence I say the world's already fucked, I'm just addin to it They say I'm suicidal, teenagers' newest idol {c'mon!} C'mon do as I do, go ahead get mad and do it {Just do it!} [Eminem] My laser disc gon' make you take a razor to your wrist Make you satanistic, make you take the pistol to your face  and place the clip and cock it back and let it go until your brains are rippin out  your skull so bad to sew you back would be a waste of stitches I'm not a "Role Model," I don't wanna babysit kids I got one little girl, and Hailey Jade is Shady's business And Shady's just an alias I made to make you pissed off Where the fuck were you when Gil was paid to make me dishwash? I make a couple statements and now look how crazy shit got You made me get a bigger attitude than eighty Kim Scott's And she almost got the same fate that Grady's bitch got I knew that "Just the Two of Us" would make you hate me this much And "Just the Two of Us," that ain't got shit to do with us  and our personal life, it's just words on a mic So you can call me a punk, a pervert or a chauvinist pig But the funny shit is that I still go with the bitch! [Chorus Two] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Eminem f/ Just Blaze Album: Fly Away 12" Song: Fly Away Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Chorus: Just Blaze] Some people ask me, where I've been lately They thought I fell off, nobody could save me And play in the background, I don't back down So don't get it twisted, and try to play me First I'll come out, they underrate me Then I come back, they still try to fade me They say I'm nasty, say I'm crazy Ask what I think, and I say maybe I'll fly awayyyyy (fly awayyyyy) It ain't nuttin in my way so I may as well fly awayyyyy (fly awayyyyy) It ain't nuttin else to say so I may as well fly awayyyyy (fly awayyyyy) I know you wanna see me down but we ain't gon' die todayyyyy (die todayyyyy) Cause I done been to the top and there's nowhere else to go (go) And the only way to see me is if you lookin up from down below (down below) And there's nuttin else to say so I may as well fly awayyyyy (yea-yeah-ye-e-e-eah) And there's nuttin in my way so I may as well fly awayyyyy (yea-yeah-ye-e-e-eah) I'm on top of this thing so I may as well fly away, ay-ay, ay-ay, ay-ay, ay-ay Yeah [Eminem] Got my self-esteem back, got my confidence up I'ma step up on the stage now, I'm gonna strut And walk around with my pants hangin off of my butt And you ain't 'bout to tell me nothin boy, get off of my nuts It goes one for the money, two for the show My shit don't stink, I don't think so Wipe my ass with the tissue and roll it back up in the roll Are you ready now? Here we go The bald eagle has landed I'm back in your hair, sorry for leavin you stranded I'm twice as dreaded, evil and rancid They can't sit, I don't think anybody understands it Especially when the world's silly putty in your hands it's Play-Doh, I ain't back to play though They said he died in a fatal, car crash, shows what they know Shit if I did, it'd be a trailer not a car, the white trash star I fuck an RV up like Brett Favre! Homie you got it backwards, you're dippin your soup inside your crackers I can carry rap 'til my back hurts Set it down, go right back to the chiropractors Get my back right, then I'm right back on you bastards I was chasin a dragon, I don't know what happened It's like that feelin I had when I first started rappin I just couldn't seem to get back and recapture, that magic So I went back to the lab, that's where I been at when [Chorus] - first 1/2 [Just Blaze] I'll fly awayyyyy (fly awayyyyy) It ain't nuttin in my way so I may as well fly awayyyyy (fly awayyyyy) It ain't nuttin else to say so I may as well fly away, ay-ay, ay-ay, ay-ay, ay-ay Yeah [Eminem] I took a hiatus haters, now I'm back to cause trouble Got the fuckin shape of mushroom clouds for thought bubbles I'm the {*BOOM*} you ain't fuckin sick, the hospital won't even give you cough drops for coughs cocksucker You think you hot? You ain't even lukewarm My puke's hotter than you, you're soft, I use fire to cool me off I told 'em I'd grow up one day and show 'em I'd be able to choke clouds, pick up lightnin bolts and throw 'em Take the world by storm with these words I form Georgie Porgie kissed the girls, make the girls cry for him Make 'em swarm, make 'em fight over the shirts I've worn Swoon over my sweat towels, it's mind blowin Yes I'm livin the dream homie, can't nothin compare I'm so up, I'm stuck in mid-air, I'm lovin it yeah! It's like these people are steps now, all they do is stair/stare These haters are so pussy they're afraid to be scared! This is payback, like I owe 'em back pay They spat in my face, now I'm back to do them the same exact WAY And leave this rap game with a bad taste And slap it back out before I step back out of this crap, they slap me now I'm slappin 'em back, hey Fuck it we're slap happy, yeah okay now we're talkin some smack ay And I ain't lookin back, in fact they can stare at my ass crack, how's that for hindsight? What the track say? The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Eminem, J-Black, Masta Ase Album: Game Over (Compilation) Song: Hellbound (H&H Remix) * Typed by: WillieEsco03@aol.com, OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash * {the announcer and other samples are from Soul Calibur} [Announcer] Welcome back, to the stage of history [Eminem] Yo.. Slim Shady! Yo.. I'll fuckin.. I'll.. I'll puke, eat it, and freak you (eww) Battle? I'm too weeded to speak to The only key that I see to defeat you would be for me to remove these two Adidas and beat you and force feed you 'em both, and on each feet is a cleat shoe I'll lift you off your feet so fast with a roundhouse  you'll think I pulled the fuckin ground out from underneath you  (Bitch!) I ain't no fuckin G, I'm a cannibal  I ain't tryin to shoot you,  I'm tryin to chop you into pieces and eat you Wrap you in rope and plastic, stab you with broken glass  and have you with open gashes strapped to a soakin mattress Coke and acid, black magic, cloaks and daggers (ahhh!) Fuck the planet, until it spins on a broken axis I'm so bananas I'm showin up to your open casket to fill it full of explosive gasses and close it back with a lit match in it  while I sit back and just hope it catches  Blow you to fragments Laugh, roll you and smoke the ashes Chorus: J-Black (repeat 2X) I see the light at the end But every time I take a step, it gets dim Tell me is this hell we're livin in? If so, heaven's got to be better But if we're hellbound, whatever, let's go down [J-Black] Am I the worst? Because I, never go to church (never) I run a red light then sideswipe a hearse I'ma drink 'til my liver rot, see the doc Leave the E.R., then hit a bar for a liquor shot, 'til the liver spot One day we all gon' die But when I die, I'ma be so high that I'ma get up and walk, leavin the concrete bare with the chalk outline still there I smoke 'til I choke and I sex a lot I got a cross on my chain but it's just a rock Now if I pray everynight (night) Do I still have to hold my trey very tight? You feel me God? I done did so much shit while on Earth I smoke, I drink, I curse, and to make matters worse I bust my gun first, and then I chat with your corpse Since way back, I was one to never like back-talk See me at the pearly gates in line, wearin a North Face Nickle nine at my waist, God done lost faith Angels greet me but I don't reply back Just show me to my quarters, and oh yeah, where's Thai at? Chorus 1/2 [Announcer] Maxie was seriously wounded but the soul still burns Final battle, fight! [Masta Ace] Analyze the strength of my game, like Lee Corso Call me a lost soul, with a vest on my torso And of course, yo, y'all know I'm no stranger to danger Like Christ in a manger, feel a whole range of my anger I breathe down shit so hard you can see sound And beat down these rap clowns in like three rounds My pen 'bout as sharp as a dagger, walk with a swagger Tie your wife to the back of a black Jag and I drag her Ten blocks, untie the bitch and I still bag her Give her a smack in the ass and a six pack of lager My shit go as deep and as dark as a train tunnel My flows spill like usin the wrong end of a funnel Everyday I grow more older, and more colder Fly you to Colorado, roll you over with a Boulder I know you want to retaliate but you won't dare Cause you fuckin with some niggaz like this who just don't care Chorus [J-Black] But every time I take a step, it gets dim.. Tell me is this hell we're livin in? Haha.. [Announcer] Time's up! You lose! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Eminem f/ Dr Dre Album: Guilty Conscience CD Single Song: Guilty Conscience (Radio/Video Edit) Typed by: brianrancourt@hotmail.co.uk, OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash * * this is the EDITED song version  words that were blanked w/o being replaced are in {}'s {Sound of static} [Announcer] Meet Eddie, twenty-three years old. Fed up with life and the way things are going, he decides to rob a liquor store. ("I can't take this no more, I can't take it no more homes") But on his way in, he has a sudden change of heart. And suddenly, his conscience comes into play... [Dr. Dre] Alright, stop! (Huh?) Now before you walk in the door of this liquor store and try to get money out the drawer You better think of the consequence (But who are you?) I'm your mother{fuckin'} conscience [Eminem] That's nonsense! Go in and gaffle the money and run to one of your aunt's cribs And borrow a damn dress, and one of her blonde wigs Tell her you need a place to stay You'll be safe for days if you shave your legs with an aged razor blade [Dr. Dre] Yeah but if it all goes through like it's supposed to The whole neighbourhood knows you and they'll expose you Think about it before you walk in the door first Look at the store clerk, she's older than George Burns [Eminem] Funk that! Do that {shit}! Hit that lick! Can you afford to blow this pit? Are you that rich? Why you care if you scare her to death? Are you that chick? Do you really think she gives a {fuck} you have kids? [Dr. Dre] Man, don't do it, it's not worth it to risk it! (You're right!) Not over this list [Eminem] Stop! [Dr. Dre] Drop the biscuit (I will!) Don't even listen to Slim yo, he's bad for you [Eminem] You know what Dre? I don't like your attitude! [Sung] These voices, these voices! I hear them! (hear them, hear them, hear them)! I'll follow! I'll follow! I'll follow! I'll follow all these voices! [Anouncer] Meet Stan, twenty-one years old. After meeting a young girl at a rave party, things start getting hot and heavy in an upstairs bedroom. Once again, his conscience comes into play. [Eminem] Now listen to me, while you're kissin' her cheek and smearin' her lipstick, I slipped this in her drink Now all you gotta do is nibble on this little chicken's earlobe! [Dr. Dre] Yo! This girl's only fifteen years old How could you take advantage of her? She's passed out! [Eminem] It's easy, just cut these lights out! That's how! Then pick this chicken up Get her off Brad's couch And leave her on the front porch At her mum and dad's house! [Dr. Dre] Man, ain't you ever seen that one movie "Kids"? [Eminem] No, but I seen the porno with SunDoobiest (Doobiest)! [Dr Dre] Do you wanna get hauled off to jail? [Eminem] Funk that, drop her off, ring the door bell then bail. [Sung] These voices, these voices! I hear them! (hear them, hear them, hear them)! I'll follow! I'll follow! I'll follow! I'll follow all these voices! [Anouncer] Meet Grady, a twenty-nine year old construction worker. After coming home from a hard day's work, he walks in the door of his trailer park home to find his wife in bed with another man. [Dr. Dre] Alright calm down, relax, start breathin' [Eminem] Start breathin'?! Man, you just caught your wife cheatin'! While you at work she's with some dude tryin' to get off?! Forget gettin' divorced! CUT THIS CHICKEN'S HEAD OFF!!! [Dr. Dre] Wait! What if there's a good explanation for this? [Eminem] What? She tripped? Fell? Landed on his {dick}?! [Dr. Dre] Alright Shady, maybe he's right Grady But think about the baby before you get all crazy [Eminem] Okay! Thought about it, still wanna grab her? Kick her out the house, get your daughter and kidnap her? That's what I did, be smart, don't be a retard You gonna take advice from somebody who slapped DEE BARNES??! [Dr. Dre] What'chu say? [Eminem] What's wrong? Didn't think I'd remember? [Dr. Dre] I'ma kill you, you little mother...! [Eminem](Interupting) Uhhh-aahh! Temper temper! Mr. Dre? Mr. N.W.A.? Mr. AK comin' straight outta Compton 'n' y'all better make way? How in the hell you gonna tell this man not to be violent? [Dr. Dre] 'Cause he don't need to go the same rap that I went Been there, done that.. aw {fuck} it... What am I sayin? Do 'em both Grady, where's your gun at? {gun fires, is cocked, and re-fired} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Eminem f/ G-Unit Album: Hail Mary/Bump Heads/The Realest Label (White Label) 12" Song: Bump Heads Typed by: eddie014@hotmail.com [Intro - 50 Cent] Yeah, Shady (Woo!) Haha, 50 Cent G-G-G-G-G-G-UNIT (Em: Here we go again, yeah) Uh huh, hahaha Does it make you mad, when I switch my flow You can't understand, how I get my dough 50 Cent, I'm on fire, 'cause Shady said so (Em: HERE WE GO!) I'm on fire [Verse 1 - Eminem] Everybody's in a rush, to try and get the throne I just get on the track, and try to set the tone I ain't tryna use nobody, as a stepping stone But don't compare me, I'm better off, just left alone And I ain't even tryna go there, with record sales I'm just tryna keep it humble, and respect myself Say what up, keep stepping, and just rep D-12 Keep my nose clean and stay away from, weapons, jail And living reckless, but if you gon' check my belt You may see something else, I use to protect myself A vest, to stop a Ruger, and deflect its shells And send 'em back at you, faster than they left the barrel And I don't even carry guns no more, I don't got to Got undercover cops, that'll legally pop you And I den seen a lotta people, cross the line But this motherfucker Ja, must have lost his mind That ex, got him thinking he was DMX Then he switched to Pac, now he's tryna be him next So which one are you, X, Luther, Pac or Michael Just keep singing the same song, recycled We all much rather get along, than fight you Me and Halie dance to ya songs, we like you And you don't really wanna step inside no mic booth Come on now, you know the white boy will bite you I hurt ya pride dog, and you know I don't like to But I will if I have to, wit syllable after Syllable I'll just slap ya, killin you faster Then you popin' pill after, little pill of them tabs of That shit you're on, but if you want it, you got it You'd bump this shit too, if we ain't diss you on it But if we lock horns, we could charge harder than Busta We bump heads, wit any motherfucka that wants ta So what's the, deal, what's with all the tough talk When I walked up to you, like "Ja, what up dog?" How come you didn't say, you had a problem then When you were standing there with all ya men We could have solved it then, I'm a grown man dog, come holla All you did was laugh then, smile and swallow Another one of those little ex pills, in front of me And tell me 50 Cent was everything, that you wanna be, come on [Chorus x2 - 50 Cent] I, know, you don't want it wit me You, know, you don't want it wit me You, talk, but soon we gon' see You, don't wanna bump heads with me [Verse 2 - Tony Yayo] (Em: TONY YAYO!) You couldn't son me if my father helped you My punchlines is hot, my bars will melt you Ja you Stuard Little, shells'll lift you Every other week, I'm buying a new pistol I clap at yo ass, wit this chrome .38 And put six through ya hats, that's seven and 3-8 Irv you ain't Suge Knight, you shook night I put my knife in ya wind pipe, you bleed on the turnpike You know and I know, who took ya chain You got robbed two times, so ya ass a lame I there to die for this shit, all I need is bail You better stick to the movies, with Steven Segal [Chorus x2] [Verse 3 - Lloyd Banks] (Em: LLOYD BANKS!) Fuck that I'm tired of hearing These industry niggas starting to get outta hand Like I won't find ya whereabouts, by STOMP-ing 'em out ya man You killing New York, even in Comp-ton, they understand I'm on the block where you was raised doin' chocolate up out the van, and They see me pop up on icey, cause I could You den lost yo money, prolly forgot yo way around the hood (hood) Cause when you paranoid, it's hard to make good songs How you want it wit' us, when half your artists got makeup on Every magazine I open, you on ya knees, taking prayer pictures And you ain't even get shot yet, you scared bitches You don't know nothing about what pain is sucka I put yo ass to the ground, like a train conductor, motherfucker [Chorus x2] [Outro - Tony Yayo] Yeah, nigga! Yeah, Shady/Aftermath, G-Unit! What the fuck you think they call us G-Unit for? 'Cause we move units, uh huh And don't think we ain't billing you For this motherfucking studio time Matter fact keep it over fifty, we call it even, ha The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Eminem f/ D-12, Obie Trice Album: Hail Mary/Bump Heads/The Realest Label/Doe Rae Me (White Label) 12" Song: Doe Rae Me Typed by: PDog1217@aol.com * * send corrections to the typist [Tupac Shakur] Get on your knees nigga Get on your knees and pray, haha (*scratching*) [Ja Rule from +Loose Change+] Em you claim your mother's a crackhead and Kim is a known slut So what's Hailie gonna be when she grows up [Intro - Eminem - talking] + (Hailie) (*echo*) A ha Yeah C'mon, G-G-G-G-UNIT! Hailie (what?) Come here baby Bring daddy his Oscar (okay) Where gonna shove up Ja Rule's ass (*laughing*) [Verse 1 - Swifty McVay] I'm about to get rid of some hoes, it's simple I'm quick to Murder Inc. with lead and I ain't talkin about a pencil Look at what the fuck you done got into I see you found your niche you just a bitch with a menstrual Claimin you a murderer and spelt it wrong You put "E" before the "D" because that's all you on You on Pac's dick (bitch), you a replica guy (*gunshots fired*) If he was still alive, you would never get by (for real) All you do is cry, bitch keep it real Life is more than imitatin niggaz and eatin pills And what kinda motherfucker ruins three deals That another nigga got you, they didn't see skills And I ain't playin, you a brother gettin cheated And Ja Rule be prayin on his color cause he need it (2Pac: Get on your knees and pray) And all you niggaz hatin, shut your mouths It's just the real niggaz ain't buyin that shit y'all put out [Verse 2 - Obie Trice] Doe Rae Me, but we don't sing motherfuckers So Murder Inc. do your thing motherfuckers You unleashed on a team Who expects nothin less than R & B comin from that regime Regime, is a little extreme That connect some soldiers, motherfuckin Marines Ja sold his soul to sing Weave our witness team on the TV screen Chased the greed, now that you embraced the green Don't fuck with them triple beams You's a motherfuckin actor slash Pac impersonatin rapper Slash Billy Holiday, how it happen? Artists and repertoire saw him in action Pac assassination, Def Jam grabbed 'em Told 'em reenact 'em, you go platinum They seen it for sure, I know that Afeni Shakur don't enjoy Jeffrey Atkins reenactin her boy So I'm click clackin the toy, mash and destroy (*gun cocked and fired*) Shady slash Aftermath in Detroit motherfucker (*gunshots*) [Chorus - Eminem] - w/ ad libs Doe ray me, you fly so latte da, don't blame me Cause you washed up, lost your spot I'm a stay on my side of my crusade Ja quit playin, knock it off you're not Tupac Don't hate me cause you hot and your not goin at me The only shot you got Ja quit playin knock it off you're not Tupac And get popped like all that shit you pop C'MON! [Verse 3 - Kuniva] Now we can skip past the mean mugs, get to the slugs 'Til the grievance and the cryin and the intimate hugs We don't take you serious nigga, you shook You half of a halfway crook Get off X's dick go sing a hook nigga And you can't replace the late great one And when you gone you only gon' be the late fake one Nigga please, stick to the script Before the guns stick to the clip And Benzino you ain't shit but a bitch Fuckin old ass ignorant innocent lookin senior citizen Built up slap you like Grandmas all sensitive Wait a minute hold on (what's up?) Is it me or do we look like a banana with braids and clothes on (*laughing*) A bitch "Made Man", now how you gonna connect With those short ass arms like a Tyrannosaurus Rex You niggaz could scream holla and curse Go ahead, respond and pull that pen and pad up outta your purse [Verse 4 - Proof] Slim didn't send Proof to get into +Wankstas+ He told me to let loose and spit at the gangstas What up Gotti and this little war you pushed on Put your ear to the ground for stuckin your Bridgestones What's wrong? Didn't think we strong with real niggaz? Roll like a boss in the streets they still feel us It's real business, y'all ain't caught the concept (bitch) When the talk get nonsense to walk in bomb threats Contacts was blown by Benzetta in The Source Threatin at the boss you gonna see me on your porch Now Irv got the nerve to try to serve on us But Detroit niggaz heard and they ain't scurred to bust [Verse 5 - Kon Artis] Yo, props to my nigga Bugz, punks like you get beat up Stomped unconscious and smacked with the heater This rap cookie monster get jabbed in the tonsils with dicks So much that he should be fixed with a vagina Who's behind ya? Cadillac Pac or the transvestite that dressed like a Lil' Kim fox Your chest like a little wooden box When I press tight on the trigger of this glock That's right all the little shit you got left to help you eat Your not Pac's souls, without laws we'll help you sleep You got shot in your video tryin to mock Pac You Mockaveli, get your own idea (*gunshots fired*) [Eminem - talking over the Chorus] Don't you never say my little girl's name in a song again Fuckin punk, pussy, bitch I'll fuck you up boy Never, never in your motherfuckin life Smack the shit out you little motherfuckin midget Hailie will whip your motherfuckin ass [Outro - Obie Trice - talking] Yeah, that's right motherfuckers Shady Records, what you know about? Fuck Benzino Fuck Ja Rule, nigga This is Obie Trice right here talkin to you motherfuckers Ja Rule punk ass Yeah, fuckin Soul 4 Real ass, nigga that's Soul 4 Real That's the nigga from Soul 4 Real Candy reign ass nigga He got a deal now he rappin He don't know what's .. Faggot ass motherfuckers Give money to all my real niggas man Obie Trice, D-12, G-Unit 50 Cent, Hailie Jade (*echo*) (*laughing*) [Hailie] Daddy is Ja Rule taller than me? [Eminem] No honey you guys are the same size The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Eminem Album: I'm Having a Relapse (Single) * Song: I'm Having a Relapse Typed by: Sean.43L@gmail.com * cut from the retail release of "Relapse" [Narrative] Torture chambers, secret passageways, vats of acid, and deadly vaults [Intro] Ohh... Ohh... I said, ohh... I said, ohh... I said, man... Damn... Oh... Damn, it feels good to be back I'm having a relapse [Verse I/I] How the hell did he manage to get more felony charges? He's already got life in jail, man, what the hell is his problem? Well to be honest, the smell of these chronic leaves make me hella demonic They compel me to kill this elderly man and I get these panic attacks Pop a Xanax, relax Trying to stick my fucking dick inside a mannequin's ass Then I get manic depressed, see the orthodontist, get gassed; man it's kick ass The first thing I put on is the mask Speaking of masks, man, it ain't too late to have a change of pace And take it off and show my face, so you can see the things you face And slice you up and cook you after you're murdered by strangulation That's bacon souffle you making, ain't you? Well, thank you, Jason There goes one more coma, due to blunt force trauma Just give me one more soma, and I'll be done for mama Go in the damn, broom closet, another Valium, lost it Shoving the vacuum nozzle, down the bathroom faucet It seems like everyday I get a little flakier The medication is making my hands a little shakier Hand me that eighteen-month-old baby to shake him up It'll only take me a, second to choke his trachea Breaking his neck in eighty-some places Baby, here Shady comes, lady He's got the razor b-blades and the ch-ch-chainsa-saw, baby You b-b-blundering, bumbling, m-m-mumbling dum-dums Yeah, here I come, come, you hear the rumbling vrumm-vrumm? There's something inside of that blue tub and that drum, drum A head and torso of someone, where'd it come from? Whose it belong to? Maybe the girl with the long, blond Hair who disappeared and left her cheerleader pom-poms Clearly there's som'n wrong, 'cause she didn't come home She's missing; where is she? Something fishy is going on I guess he stuck the bitch with the pitchfork with the long prongs Now everybody get your dance on to my damn song C'mon... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: D12 f/ Eminem Album: The Longest Yard Soundtrack Song: My Ballz Typed by: B0jangles05@aol.com [Eminem] Ballz, Ballz, Ballz Ballz, Ballz, Ballz You'll never touch my... [Chorus - Eminem] Catch me if you can but you ain't man enough You're standin' tough But you know that no matter what You'll never get the chance to touch My ballz, ballz, ballz Ballz, ballz, ballz You'll never touch my ballz [Swift] I see you ain't a playa, you ain't ballin' And I don't even care who the hell you call in In this game, it ain't no talkin' You can get it started, I nail the coffin And all I here is "get your man up off him" So why I gotta stop it, this nigga was talkin' And I ain't gotta prove you nothin' I do it and you ain't gotta push my buttons [Bizarre] This dude in front of me, he weighs a brick He's quick and I can't get Marshall hit So I played my position and don't make a move Been doin' this for years, my team we can't lose And ain't nobody, ain't nobody hard 9 o'clock, I'm gonna punch me a guard Hut one, hut two, I'm ready Hike, give the ball to Nelly And nobody out there feels me Take this 'fore you have to kill me And any player in my way, I'm foldin' Damn it, call holdin' [Eminem] Football, Football, I love football Yes, tres, dos, uno Dos, tres, fuck, shit, bitch, asshole son of a bitch Everybody cuddle, blah I mean huddle I just stepped in a mud puddle, butthole Freak, who just tapped on my ass cheek Nevermind, let's try quarterback sneak Cover me, smother me with love that's brotherly That didn't work, try another play Hut one, hut two, hut hut hurry up I'm reachin' up another grown man's butt Hike the ball, I mean I like Bizarre But Jesus, he hikes, I think I can feel his balls My dick is long as it is hard, yeah so are my balls It's the longest yard, whoops that's not the chorus Run it back, wrong song, yeah disreguard That whole statement I just made, what yard line we on? Our own 5 and our timeouts are gone Less than a minute left, I just throw my ball To the sideline to Von, he steps outta bounds 48 seconds left on the clock but every last one counts Call another huddle, we're down by six The plan is, to throw the ball to Swift But he's so god dang high, that he's trips Falls and slips, Proof grabs him by his fingertips And runs the ball all the way down to the one But he don't get in, but all we need is a put ??? But all we need is a touch down and an extra point to win But then I get sacked all the way back to the ten God dammit I'ma slap somebody if I get tapped on the ass again Everybody's laughin' now, no timeouts and its now fourth now We're never gonna make it, wait I just got an idea Quick, everybody get naked, Denaun go long I'ma throw the bomb, c'mon how they gonna tackle you with no pants on Ass out with a floppin' schlong, touchdown yeah I told you It's the longest yard [Kuniva] The new face on the yard, just hand me the ball I'ma run through all of ya'll, ya'll just soft Even though my cleats is kickin' up mud It's more traction for me, I'm stiff armin' punks High steppin' through the end zone I been grown, I'm so dirty you don't even know my skin tone It's time to rumble, no time to fumble And I won't stumble, your frontline will tumble Playin' ball with killas, my team's the realest Three time offenders, even drug dealers One of the best runnin' backs there never was Movin' like Barry Sanders, leavin' you in the dust [Proof] Yak is high, I got the highest yak Hit the ground so hard I leave tire tracks Bizarre snap like a fire crack And my palm more stickier than spider back Eyin' my eye, a Mack truck tryin to sack us No matter how big they flyin' backwards Wide reciever, recievin' wide For every stride in my life, yo I breathe and die [Kon Artis] Defense is playin' a pass Then the quarterback peeps and screams (blue 43) That means that its time for me To run out the back like a bat straight outta hell My tracks burn turf when they excell I try to lateral pass the ball to Proof He got dropped and the ball came loose And shot up like a flare, I gave the ball a stare And use my lineman's shoulder as a chair Now I'm flyin' through the air like a superhero I can use this pose for a box of cereal I'm no joke punk, I get my dinero For bein' the best player on my team what As soon as I hear the hut 1, 2, hut I do one run, run, the screen go run run Then I cut, spin around in the endzone (touchdown!) Then I do the ninety shuffle so [Eminem] Footballs I'm talkin' about footballs dude The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Eminem f/ Marilyn Manson Album: The Marshall Mathers LP (Limited Edition) Song: The Way I Am (Danny Lohner Remix) Typed by: lilkimrox@hotmail.com * * send corrections to the typist [Eminem] Dre just let it run Ay yo, turn the beat up a little bit Ay yo, this sing is for anyone, fuck it Just shut up and listen Ay yo [Eminem] I sit back with this pack of zig-zags and this bag Of this weed it gives me the shit needed to be The most meanest MC on this, on this Earth And since birth I've been cursed with this curse to just curse And just blurt this berserk and bizarre shit that works And it sells and it helps in itself to relieve All this tension dispensing these sentences Getting this stress that's been eatin me recently off of this chest And I rest again peacefully, peacefully But at least have the decency in you To leave me alone, when you freaks see me out In the streets when I'm eating or feeding my daughter To not come and speak to me, speak to me I don't know you and no I don't owe you a motherfucking thing I'm not Mr. NSYNC, I'm not what your friends think I'm not Mr. Friendly, I can be a prick If you tempt me my tank is on empty, is on empty No patience is in me and if you offend me I'm lifting you 10 feet, lifting you 10 feet, in the air I don't care who is there and who saw me destroy you Go call you a lawyer, file you a lawsuit I'll smile in the courtroom and buy you a wardrobe I'm tired of all you, of all you I don't mean to be mean but that's all I can be it's just me [Marilyn Manson] And I am, whatever you say I am If I wasn't, then why would I say I am In the paper, the news everyday I am Radio won't even play my jam Cause I am, whatever you say I am If I wasn't, then why would I say I am In the paper, the news everyday I am I don't know it's just the way I am [Eminem] Sometimes I just feel like my father, I hate to be bothered With all of this nonsense it's constant And "Oh, it's his lyrical content The song 'Guilty Conscience' has gotten such rotten responses" And all of this controversy circles me And it seems like the media immediately Points a finger at me So I point one back at 'em, but not the index or pinkie Or the ring or the thumb, it's the one you put up When you don't give a fuck, when you won't just put up With the bullshit they pull, cause they full of shit too When a dude's gettin bullied and shoots up his school And they blame it on Marilyn (ahh) and the heroin Where were the parents at? And look where it's at Middle America, now it's a tragedy Now it's so sad to see, an upper class city Havin this happenin,this happenin Then attack Eminem cause I rap this way, rap this way But I'm glad cause they feed me the fuel that I need for the fire To burn and it's burnin and I have returned [Marilyn Manson] And I am, whatever you say I am If I wasn't, then why would I say I am In the paper, the news everyday I am Radio won't even play my jam Cause I am, whatever you say I am If I wasn't, then why would I say I am In the paper, the news everyday I am I don't know it's just the way I am [Eminem] I'm so sick and tired of bein admired That I wish that I would just die or get fired And dropped from my label and stop with the fables I'm not gonna be able to top on "My Name Is" And pigeon-holed into some poppy sensation To cop me rotation at Rock & Roll stations And I just do not got the patience, got the patience To deal with these cocky caucasians who think I'm some wigger who just tries to be black cause I talk With an accent, and grab on my balls, so they always keep askin The same fucking questions, fucking questions What school did I go to, what hood I grew up in The why, the who what when, the where, and the how Till I'm grabbin my hair and I'm tearin it out Cause they driving me crazy, driving me crazy, I can't take it I'm racing, I'm pacing, I stand and I sit And I'm thankful for every fan that I get But I can't take a shit in the bathroom Without someone standin by it No I won't sign your autograph You can call me an asshole I'm glad [Marilyn Manson] (Eminem) And I am, whatever you say I am If I wasn't, then why would I say I am In the paper, the news everyday I am Radio won't even play my jam Cause I am, whatever you say I am If I wasn't, then why would I say I am In the paper, the news everyday I am I don't know it's just the way I am Pain! Pain! Pain! Pain! (I don't know it's just the way I am) Pain! Pain! (radio won't even play my jam) ahh [Eminem] Cos I am whatever you say I am Cos I am whatever you say I am Cos I am whatever you say I am Radio won't even play my jam Cos I am whatever you say I am Cos I am whatever you say I am Cos I am whatever you say I am The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Eminem Album: The Marshall Mathers LP 2 Song: Berzerk Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Eminem] Now this shit's about to kick off, this party looks wack Let's take it back to straight hip-hop and start it from scratch I'm 'bout to bloody this track up, everybody get back That's why my pen needs a pad cause my rhymes' on the ra-hag Just like I did with addiction I'm 'bout to - kick it! Like a magician, critics I turn to - crickets! Got 'em still on the fence, ready to - pick it/picket! But quick to get impaled when I tell 'em - stick it! So sick I'm lookin pale, well that's my - pigment! 'Bout to go ham, ya bish, shout out to - Kendrick! Let's bring it back to that vintage Slim - bitch! The art of the emceeing mixed with Da Vinci and MC Ren And I don't mean Stimpy's friend - bitch! Been Public Enemy since you thought PE was gym - bitch! [Interlude: Eminem] Kick your shoes off, let your hair down And {"go berserk"} all night long Grow your beard out, just weird out And {"go berserk"} all night long [Chorus One: Eminem] We're gonna rock this house until we knock it down So turn the volume loud, cause it's mayhem 'til the A.M.! So baby make just like K-Fed and let yourself {"GO"} let yourself gooooo Say fuck it, before we kick the bucket Life's too short to not go for broke {"So everybody, everybody"} {"Go berzerk"} {"Shake your body"} [Eminem] Guess it's just the way that I'm dressed, ain't it? Khakis pressed, Nike shoes, crispy and fresh laced, so I guess it ain't that aftershave or cologne that made 'em just faint Plus I showed up with a coat fresher than wet paint Sweet love is a chess game, checkmate But girl your body's bangin, jump me in, bang bang-bang Yessiree Bob, I was thinkin the same thang So come get on this +Kid's Rock+, +Bawitdaba+, dang dang Pow-p-p-p-pow, chicka-bow-chicka-wow-wow! Catch a cab, I wanna go down, b-b-bow-bow! And slow it down, throw in the towel, t-t-towel towel Dumb it down, I don't know how (huh huh) how how At least I know that I don't know Question is are you bozos smart enough to feel stupid? Hope so Now hoe [Interlude] [Chorus Two: Eminem] We're gonna rock this house until we knock it down So turn the volume loud, cause it's mayhem 'til the A.M.! So crank the bass up like crazy And let yourself {"GO"} let yourself gooooo Say fuck it, before we kick the bucket Life's too short to not go for broke {"So everybody, everybody"} {"Go berzerk"} {"Wave your bod-"} {*scratched 2X*: "Everybody"} [Eminem] Well they say that love is powerful as cough syrup and Styrofoam All I know is I fell asleep, and woke up in that Monte Carlo With the ugly Kardashian, Lamar O. Sorry yo, we done both set the bar low Bars hard, drugs are though that's the past But I done did enough codeine to knock +Future+ into tomorrow And girl I ain't got no money to borrow But I am tryin to find a way to get you alone - CAR NOTE! OHH~! Marshall Mathers Shouldn't everybody know, get the bar soap lathered Kangols and Carhart-less cargoes Girl you're fixin to get your heart broke Don't be absurd man, you bird-brained baby I ain't called anybody Baby since Birdman - unless you're a swallow Word Rick, word man, you heard But don't be discouraged girl, this is YOUR JAM, unless you got toe jam [Interlude] [Chorus One] + [Chorus Two] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: D12 Album: My Band 12" Song: B N U Typed by: ctp0803@aol.com * * send corrections to the typist [Bizarre] Hey..... boys and girls and all you dirty heads out there Lets take a trip to the world of D12 The hardest Boy Band in the world Straight from, +DETROIT MICHIGAN+ Come on follow us, come on (Chorus) If I could just take you through a day with me and you Then you'll see what I can do, when I do what I do And I bet, you will not bother me like you do Cause you find you would rather spend your time B-N-U (B N U, B N U, B N U, B N U,) [Kon Artist] You think you know it all, don't you dog all about my life and all While I'm poppin this Vicodin and drinking all this alcohol All up in these clubs throwing up like I ain't got em' all But that's just what you see when you see me hanging with Runyan nem It's funny when, I'm busting my ass gettin them money nem You ain't never round helping out but soldiers come to them Runnin to them, wantin 30 niggaz long when You call me to the door I told 'em leading all your friends And then they talk behind my back again I'm back to doing smack again I'll have another baby cause safe sex I ain't praticing Logic by the sleezy sleeze being fake ain't being me It's just your misconception of perception when you seeing me (Chorus) [Proof] I ain't gotta like you dude, plenty of time to fight you fool Arrogant? This might be true... smack your bitch - slightly rude Running from the white and blue for blowing up a bible school Let me show you what this rifle do, to ill I got a license to Nice of you to think I'm not, but I'm ill this is true Poppin pill, shooting guns, going jail - I'll shit on you Yes I'm ?? touch the wire, fuck and bust a nut in Mya Kelly didn't touch that girl, then again I'm such a liar This is me all day, you rubbing me the wrong way Listen what the song say and pass the fucken Bombay Andale on the overplay for the underplay Andre is more Swift with gunplay, one day I'm proof next I'm Harry techs I carry on the runway It's necessary that my sex is very nongay(Hey!) D12 we don't play with them gays(Gay.....) Blame it on our momma this the way we was raised! (Chorus) [Swifty McVeigh] They like to know what I can do, they ain't got the slighest clue Question my integrity, I mean it nigga who is you You better be prepared for beef, we don't need a new recruit We blow a hole inside a nigga bigger than a hulahoop See I know the business who the hell you talking stupid to? Fuck you up(fuck you!) have your face looking like a rubix cube You can walk the hood with me we can take an acid break All you gotta do is choose, tablet nigga have a drank Dabble with it rob a bank, (Man this shit and new to you) What the fuck you niggaz think I can shoot as Muslims too Nigga hey, what about the pretty bitch you call your wife? I'ma hit it nigga I been sucking titties all my life Stealing shit and starting fights pissing on yourlawns at night We hard to get along with stay ornery like Dolamite Nigga you can be polite, I don't talk to people right And so does the rest of us, you hating us cause we alike (Chorus) [Bizarre] Hey boys and girls, taking drugs is real cool Hanging out in the news acting like a damn fool It's the big guy with the shower cap kicking sicks raps Talking bout fucking kids in the ass crack Nevermind Bizarre... you know he's on medication Smoking weed, drinking brew - third grade education All in your house, blunt in my mouth Call you a bitch.. and pee on your spouse [Kuniva] Look, I don't like the chitter chatter that's for faggots if it mattered Then I'd have to splatter rappers just for acting - target pratice Time for action I'm Kuniva The wet Vagina finder So nevermind you rhyming chumps You might see me behind the pump And yes it damages I put niggaz in bandages And yes I love my pistol like bizarre loves all his sandwiches Business is strenuous you fucking with some geniuses Some many people on my nuts I wonder how my penis is Girls approach me with bodies like Venus and Serena-esess I turn 'em down my wife would kill me if she ever seen the shit I mean the shit, I'm silly man, I'm smart, I'm really ignorant I'm innocent and guilty at the same time, go and figure it (Chorus) *Record stopping slowly* The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Eminem Album: white label 12" * Song: My Name Is (Bootleg Version) Typed by: DeePhunk@aol.com * this is the UNEDITED version with a different 2nd verse Chorus: repeat 2X Hi! My name is.. (what?) My name is.. (who?) My name is.. {scratches} Slim Shady Hi! My name is.. (huh?) My name is.. (what?) My name is.. {scratches} Slim Shady Ahem.. excuse me! Can I have the attention of the class  for one second? [Eminem] Hi kids! Do you like violence? (Yeah yeah yeah!) Wanna see me stick Nine Inch Nails through each one of my eyelids? (Uh-huh!) Wanna copy me and do exactly like I did? (Yeah yeah!) Try 'cid and get fucked up worse that my life is? (Huh?) My brain's dead weight, I'm tryin to get my head straight but I can't figure out which Spice Girl I want to impregnate (Ummmm..) And Dr. Dre said, "Slim Shady you a basehead!" Uh-uhhh! "So why's your face red? Man you wasted!" Well since age twelve, I've felt like I'm someone else Cause I hung my original self from the top bunk with a belt Got pissed off and ripped Pamela Lee's tits off And smacked her so hard I knocked her clothes backwards like Kris Kross I smoke a fat pound of grass and fall on my ass faster than a fat bitch who sat down too fast C'mere slut! (Shady, wait a minute, that's my girl dog!) I don't give a fuck, God sent me to piss the world off! Chorus [Eminem] My English teacher wanted to have sex in junior high The only problem was my English teacher was a guy I smacked him in his face with an eraser, chased him with a stapler and stapled his nuts to a stack of paper (Owwwwwwww!) Walked in the strip club, had my jacket zipped up Flashed the bartender, then stuck my dick in the tip cup (Wsssshhhhh...) Extraterrestrial, killin pedestrians Rapin lesbians while they screamin: "LET'S JUST BE FRIENDS!" Ninety-nine percent of my life I was lied to I just found out my mom does more dope than I do I told her I'd grow up to be a famous rapper Make a record about doin drugs and name it after her (Oh thank you!) You know you blew up when the women rush your stands and try to touch your hands like some screamin Usher fans (Aaahhhhhh!) This guy at White Castle asked for my autograph (Dude, can I get your autograph?) So I signed it: 'Dear Dave, thanks for the support, ASSHOLE!' Chorus [Eminem] Stop the tape! This kid needs to be locked away! (Get him!) Dr. Dre, don't just stand there, OPERATE! I'm not ready to leave, it's too scary to die I'll have to be carried inside the cemetery and buried alive Am I comin or goin? I can barely decide I just drank a fifth of vodka -- dare me to drive? (Go ahead) All my life I was very deprived I ain't had a woman in years, and my palms are too hairy to hide Clothes ripped like the Incredible Hulk (hachhh-too) I spit when I talk, I'll fuck anything that walks (C'mere) When I was little I used to get so hungry I would throw fits HOW YOU GONNA BREAST FEED ME MOM? (WAH!) YOU AIN'T GOT NO TITS! (WAH!) I lay awake and strap myself in the bed  Put a bulleproof vest on and shoot myself in the head (BANG!) I'm steamin mad (Arrrggghhh!)  And by the way when you see my dad? (Yeah?) Tell him that I slit his throat, in this dream I had Chorus The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Eminem Album: My Name is.. 12" Song: My Name is.. (Radio/Video Edit) Typed by: DeePhunk@aol.com, OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash * * this is the EDITED song version  words that were blanked w/o being replaced are in {}'s Chorus: repeat 2X Hi! My name is.. (what?) My name is.. (who?) My name is.. Slim Shady Hi! My name is.. (huh?) My name is.. (what?) My name is.. Slim Shady Ahem.. excuse me! Can I have the attention of the class  for one second? [Eminem] Hi kids! Do you like Primus? (Yeah yeah!) Wanna see me stick Nine Inch Nails through each one of my eyelids? (Uh-huh!) Wanna copy me and do exactly like I did? Try {'cid} and get messed up worse that my life is? My brain's dead weight, I'm tryin to get my head straight but I can't figure out which Spice Girl I want to {impregnate} And Dr. Dre said, "Slim Shady you a basehead!" Uh-uhhh! "So why's your face red? Man you wasted!" Well since age twelve, I've felt like a caged elf who stayed to himself, in one space, chasin his tail (blalblalblabla) Got ticked off and ripped Pamela Lee's lips off Kissed em and said, "I ain't know silicone was 'sposed to be this soft" I'm bout to pass out and crash, and fall in the grass faster than a fat man who sat down too fast C'mere lady! (Shady, wait a minute, that's my girl dog!) I don't give a damn, Dre sent me to tick the world off! Chorus [Eminem] My English teacher wanted to flunk me in junior high (Damn!) Thanks a lot.. next semester, I'll be thirty-five I smacked him in his face with an eraser, chased him with a stapler and told him to change the grade on the paper (Now!) Walked in the strip club, had my jacket zipped up Served the bartender, then walked out with a tip cup Extraterrestrial, runnin over pedestrians in a spaceship while they're screamin at me: "LET'S JUST BE FRIENDS!" Ninety-nine percent of my life I was lied to I just found out my mom does more {dope} than I do I told her I'd grow up to be a famous rapper Make a record about doin {drugs} and name it after her (Here mom!) You know you blew up when the women rush your stands and try to touch your hands like some screamin Usher fans (Aaahhhhhh!) This guy at White Castle asked for my autograph (Dude, can I get your autograph?) So I signed it: 'Dear Dave, thanks for the support, {ASSHOLE!}' Chorus [Eminem] Stop the tape! This kid needs to be locked away! (Get him!) Dr. Dre, don't just stand there, OPERATE! I'm not ready to leave, it's too scary to die I'll have to be carried inside the cemetery and buried alive Am I comin or goin? I can barely decide I just drank a fifth of Kool-Aid -- dare me to drive? (Go ahead) All my life I was very deprived I ain't had a woman in years, and my palms are too hairy to hide Clothes ripped like the Incredible Hulk (hachhh-too) I spit when I talk, I'll {fuck} anything that walks (C'mere) When I was little I used to get so hungry I would throw fits HOW YOU GONNA BREAST FEED ME MOM? (WAH!) YOU AIN'T GOT NO {TITS!} (WAH!) I lay awake and strap myself in the bed  Put a bulleproof vest on and tap myself in the head (BANG!) I'm steamin mad (Arrrggghhh!)  And by the way when you see my dad? (Yeah?) Ask him if he bought a porno mag and seen my ad Chorus The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Eminem  Album: Next Friday soundtrack Song: Murder Murder (Remix) Typed by: deephunk@aol.com, OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Chorus: Eminem (repeat 4X) It's murder she wrote (it's murder she wrote) It wasn't nuttin for her to be smoked (for her to be smoked) [Eminem] Left the keys in the van, with a gat in each hand Went up in Eastland and shot a policeman Fuck a peace plan, if a citizen bystands the shit is in my hands, here's yo' lifespan And for what yo' life's worth, this money is twice than Grab a couple grand and lamp in Iceland See I'm a nice man but money turned me to Satan I'm thirsty for this green so bad I'm dehydratin Hurry up with the cash bitch, I got a ride waitin Shot a man twice in the back when he tried skatin I want the whole pie, I won't be denied nathan Maybe I need my head inside straightened Brain contemplatin, clean out the register Dip before somebody catches ya or gets your description and sketches ya then connects you as the prime suspect But I ain't set to flee the scene of the crime just yet Cause I got a daughter to feed And $200 ain't enough to water the seed The best thing would be for me to leave Taco Bell and hit up Chess King And have the lady at the desk bring money from the safe in the back, stepped in wavin the Mac Cooperate, and we can operate, and save an attack This bitch tried escapin the jack Grabbed her by the throat, it's murder she wrote You barely heard a word as she choked It wasn't nuttin for her to be smoked But I slammed her on her back til her vertebrae broke Just then the pigs bust in yellin "Freeze" But I'm already wanted for sellin ki's And bunch of other felonies from A to Z like spellin bees So before I dropped to the ground and fell on knees I bust shots, they bust back Hit me square in the chest, wasn't wearin a vest Left the house, pullin out the drive backin out Blew the back end out this lady's Jag, started blackin out Pulled the Mac-10 out, stuck it in her face Shut your yackin mouth, 'fore I blow the brain from out the back ya scalp Drug her by her hair, smacked her up Thinkin fuck it, mug her while you're there, jacked her up Stole her car, made a profit Grabbed the tape from out the deck and offed it out the window Like the girl in "Set It Off" did Jetted off kid, stole the whip, now I'm a criminal Drove it through somebody's yard, dove into they swimmin pool Climbed out and collapsed on the patio I made it out alive but I'm injured badly though Parents screamin: "Johnny, go in and call the police Tell em there's a crazy man disturbing all of the peace!" Tried to stall him at least long enough to let me leap up Run in they crib and at least leave with some little cheap stuff Actin like they never seen nobody hit a lick before Smashed the window, grabbed the Nintendo 64 When they sell out in stores the price triples I ran up the block jumpin kids on tricycles and collided with an 80-year old lady with groceries There goes cheese, eggs, milk and Post Toasties Stood up and started to see stars Too many siren sounds, it seemed like a thousand police cars Barely escaped, must-a been some dumb luck Jumped up and climbed the back of a movin dump truck But I think somebody seen me maybe Plus I lost the damn Nintendo and I musta dropped the Beanie Baby Fuck it I give up, I'm surrounded in blue suits Came out with a white flag hollerin "TRUCE TRUCE" and surrendered my weapon to cops Wasn't me! It was the gangster rap and the peppermint Schnapps Chorus Chorus (repeats again to fade) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Redman & Eminem Album: Nutty Professor II: The Klumps Soundtrack Song: Off the Wall Typed by: obi1one@hotmail.com [Eminem] No matter what people say I'm gon keep rappin this way No matter what you may think I'm gon keep doin my thing [Eminem] I'm almost as famous as fat bald men Decided to write songs to teach Mouseketeers to sing I stick Britney Spears in a room full of mirrors So she gets fifty years of bad luck [crash] Causing terror to Christina Aguilera When I grab her by the hair and drag her across the Sahara Beware of this rap terrorist with a therapist With a hair up his ass like a rabbit crawled in his pants Got a habit of holding Tylenol in his hands Til it melts in his fuckin palms and dissolves in his glands [So who is it?] The fool who visit the playground Wit two biscuits to lay down the school district Get pistol whipped wit a Mauseburg Wit a pistol grip and fed pitbulls shit Sniff glue sticks like I give two shits If I get too rich, I just get sued [Redman] Yo, I leave wit no injure, after I blow four in ya One handstand on top of yo' ninja Crash it, [ERRRR] Doc stir the madness til y'all outta work like Tony Atlas Walkin, cans in the laundry basket America's most with the army after us Fuck flossin, we take what's yours A low fifteen like a ace in four I'm outta work, but Doc laid them off [shit, the power's out] The tape is off Yo, you targeted from arsonists Papermate pens filled wit arsenic I got hoes that don't know what Prada is Doc could shape up, touch your barber miss Betty you wit a bloody blade I turn rap camps into Crystal Lake Fuck bitches face is what I'ma do Cuz that's what Brian Boitano do [Eminem] So how is everybody doin tonight? Hope you're in the mood to get drunk and scream in a fight Cuz uh, we gettin down for the fuck of it So suck my dick if y'all don't wanna bump to this... Off the Wall!! [Redman] Yo, so how is everybody feelin tonight? Hope you're in the mood to get rude and ill in a fight Cuz uh, we gettin down for the fuck of it So suck my dick if you don't wanna bump... Off the Wall!! [Eminem] No matter what people say I'm gon keep rappin this way No matter what you may think I'm gon keep doin my thing [Redman] Yo, you could buy Jaz spittin', hospital, son admit it Rip your lips off, kiss my ass wit it Slap bitches, got Marshall Mathers [printin] Weed, X, and the acid tabs did it I was happenin wit no rerun Like Rob DeNiro when the +Heat+ come My barrel hang out the Camaro Aimed at the nose of them hoes it's hard to breathe from Flash the gat, your town, bogardin' Yo' wallet, your chain the main target Beef is like cold engine, don't start it Bust in the air and hit a airplane pilot We clowned you, rap surround sounds around you From ten speed and brown shoe Doc and Eminem, cock the M & M Blood flows with 2Pacalypse and them [Eminem] It's like, Funk Doctor meets the punk rocker Got the drugs stopped inside the lunch box [uhh] Pop junk like I just got jumped Popped the trunk and pulled out the shotgun pump Knock wood, it's all good, thank God for Vodka Cuz wit my luck, I'll probably get shot by a stalker Probably got a fanatic waitin upstairs in the attic Wit a automatic callin me up there My man Stan wit a gat in his hand Stakin my house out in a tan tinted Sedan He pull your mouth out til you can't finish a damn Ham sandwich, or your can spinach and Spam Til you gotta sip through a straw, shoplift through the mall Pictures of me on my mom's living room wall Hey ma, maybe I'll give you a call Sike you fuckin bitch, suck a dick and two balls I'm givin you all my job descrip' Which is, to piss bitches and priests off with this Pop more pills than police officers Arrive at the scene and pull me off of Kim Teeth off my dick, hands off my balls But y'all can kiss my ass, pants off and all Cuz I'm so goddamn off the wall I might as well as be a painting smashed on the floor [Redman] So how is everybody feelin tonight? Hope you're in the mood to get rude and ill in a fight Cuz uh, we gettin down for the fuck of it So suck my dick if you don't wanna bump to this... Off the Wall! [Eminem] So how's everybody doin tonight? Hope you're in the mood to get drunk and scream in a fight Cuz uh, we gettin down for the fuck of it So suck my dick if y'all don't wanna bump to this... Off the Wall! [Eminem] No matter what people say I'm gon keep rappin this way No matter what you may think I'm gon keep doin my thing No matter what people say I'm gon keep doin my thing No matter... oh The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Eminem f/ Obie Trice Album: The Pre-Up Song: Go to Hell Part 2 Typed by: timm2014@hotmail.com Chorus: Scratching: "No...you hear me! You go to hell" -> Mr. Garrison Verse One [Eminem]: Yo At birth I was born with the biggest middle finger on earth The first time I went to stick it up the shit hurt Mom wouldn't take me The bitch still hates me Shit, one day she said, "Go rake leaves,"  I said, "Make me!" I'm proud to announce I was probably the first kid Who was kicked out of his house  For making fart sounds with his mouth Arguing with me and mom was on-going She called law enforcement when I broke the law mower The slut gave me a truck when I turned sixteen I went to start it and it screamed, "Please fix me!" Back then, when Will Smith was still the Fresh Prince And him and Jeff were still best friends, I guess then I decided to cut class to rap full time And get the fuck outta this fake ass school and rhyme Anybody who thinks this fuckin attitude is a gimmick Come and see me, see if I don't live up to this image You fuckin' pricks! Scratching: "No...you hear me! You go to hell" -> Mr. Garrison Verse Two [Obie Trice]: How the fuck you gonna fuck with O Trice with a staff full of hoes With one gat and a wack stack of flows? A whole lot of lip Thicker than Obie's shit Oh shit they found your ass floatin' in the ocean Body part corroded Cast away You stretched in a cast today That's how a real bastard play Do shit the bachelor way Creek niggas will blast away Y'all niggas ain't tough Y'all niggas funny Y'all need to roll on WB 20 Niggas think they 2Pacalypse Now Until they catch a buckshot Chicken pop a nigga's style Niggas scared of the firm Slim, Dirty Dozen and Trice Come back like thieves in the night Niggas jump, that's reason to fight That's reason to rearrange your teeth with the right Motherfucker The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Proof Album: Electric Coolaid Acid Testing EP Song: Derty Harry Typed by: shamrocksully86@yahoo.com * * send corrections to the typist Hey them horns ain't extensions nigga listen Real shit here Haha Face to face you got no heart When I blow sparks you lean on me like Joe Clark My mind is so dark Its superficial Nuclear Missile Hit your body and your bones and I loose the grissle Proofs official, D12 trademark A man with no S big braveheart Y'all ain't even listen No S big backwards is Gibson Mel Gibson bravehearted Now on to my mission And since then no failure I promised God to commit hommicide to niggaz wantin a free ride Like the Amistad I'm alive And just started Anger Management To Late by Lonnie Clive Part of ya mind Dyin' to rhyme Like Ronnie and Cline Influenced the greatest Like Ronnie and Todd It ain't no problem too hard My solo like Do Lo Been gettin' it Like I ain't been shittin' it! CHORUS (Y'all done start it) Derty Harry Contract mothafucker lets roll it right now! (Y'all done start it) Derty Harry You the one on this (Y'all done start it) Derty Harry Proof nigga I'm a wolf (Y'all done start it) Derty Harry You can get some now! In high school ofcourse I was the best in the lunchroom Don't make me get up out my seat bitch I'll punch you I freestyle for fun but write for wealth I'm so dope nigga even bite myself I rap and will rappify you Blast And your just a baptist crier and then add the black Messiah We gat for hire To let the techs growl Put something in your body worse then the West Nile I was born out of test tube glass I suggest you blast nigga Or catch sum flesh wound fast I ain't met a man that can wrestle gats I'm right behind the top rappers like a neptune track Ya L.P.? I slept through that Now guess who back Unless you strapped with a vest and two gats I suggest you pack I'll spread you flat then rescue rap Hit your body so much that your flash won't match Mothafucker! CHORUS Fuck Osama for bombing in the racing buildings I'll bust him and hide him like Jason Williams (I heard Bizzare and D12 be raping children!?) Cut the hype dyke I'm trying to make a million Take this pill then call me when you sober up Turn the dyke from glad and soon I'll make them hold my nuts Seldomly seen is Elvis the King But it's Em thats got these kids nailed to the screen I held the team I-F I got something on my chest thats hard to digest I heard the streets talking Seen Offering I'm checking my weapon They mad cause I'm flossing bling I lost my steam but a demon in human flesh hyped my up Now my team is tightly cut So sugar sugar, shot shot If you didn't get off it's not my fault The dog is back and y'all niggaz! CHORUS The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Proof Album: I Miss the Hip Hop Shop Song: Ja in a Bra Typed by: crazzy_man@mindless.com * * send corrections to the typist [Ja Rule Sample] Its murdaaa... hahaha...its murda.. We back up in this motherfucker!!! Its murda... yall know who we be (ayo don't let me catch you!!) R.U.L.E... my nigga Fatal on my 1s, 2s, holla back you bitch ass niggaz!! Yo, yo, motherfuckin cocksucker If y'all havnt heard yet that nigga loose change is loose And I got proof, get it, I got proof.. *beat changes* [Intro - Proof] WOOF!! You know my name, its like this..PROOF!!! D12 shitnotes! Its war now! Lets man up! (WOOF) No prisoners! No casualties! All my riders lets ride then! CMON! (WOOF) [Verse 1] Word on the street is that I murda this Inc Get whacked with the hands not deservin the heatin There's nerves in this beef To Irv and his peeps: I ain't rappin no mo' I speak through the curves in the streets Ya hit's, man, is weak Ya did a poor job, that midget Cookie Monster be hangin' from a door knob Ya lucky I don't like touchin women And don't like no peace, talk somethin' with Russel Simons, (WOOF) Got the right connections My perception, ya know, would be beefin, ya life is definatly gone The ?? singin' at least the Woof of rap You'll need more than a Bush attack, don't push me back! (WOOF) You think it's just 50 and Sha, listen up Ja, no kids in the lobby in Detroit city wishin you DIE! I know you just wanna rap and be Pac, but before its said and done you gon' see PAC! (WOOF) [Hook] Yall don't want war, y'all want talk In the dark my dogs all bark like WOOF! PROOF, nigga, I'ma WOOF Now you all SHOOK I'ma about to getcha brain pushed BACK! [Verse 2] CHRIS GOTTI!! This nigga had the nerve to have ten niggaz sneak me just to get wit me I'm only 160 and the fact is I murder niggaz, DJs, and kittens I only walk out with scratches, wearin a Rolex shirt So if thats the streets, speakin ya dress don't hurt You cowards do something before we do ours I could write a Ja Rule album in two hours Bleedin dead on ya back, have ya pockets flat like Federal Tax and put ya head on the rack I'm so bad, the only thing good is death And L.A. G Unit posted and shook left, (ha, bitch!) I'm from Detroit with the hottest and hollas Niggaz like 'yall garbage, don't even bother', (haha) Plus ya overweight and gangstas is maddening 50 made Wanksta and the definition of wanksta is AINT TOUGH With pictures of Ja in a braw with a paint brush, paintin his war marks I'm losin my patience It ain't just D12 and Obie, homey, cancel ya shows and show respect like ya know me, (hehe) It zones and its hailin a jet 911 style: to ya face to ya chest 911 style: to ya face to ya chest It's over, nigga, gettin wet on the set, BLAU!!! [Hook] x2 [Outro] Haha! I ain't even talkin no more! I can't believe my nig can write yo whole ass out, nigga! Whatcha talkin about 'that we gave ya the proof!' You scared to come in that club, nigga! You ain't got shit! I'ma tell you like this: Black Child, Chris Gotti, I'm on that ass! Cmon! See! You niggaz wanna be street niggaz! Who would you wanna recruit? Cause I'ma murd' all you soldiers and recruit ya bosses when this over! Big Proof! D12! Only a one sixty-three! I left out with scratches, nigga! Wait till y'all niggaz come to the D! Yeah, I'm goin to New York! I just love Summer Jams! I'll be back fuckin with ya bitch! A'yo, Cookie Monster: come get me, nigga! Old ass nigga! *laughs* *beat stops* Now don't make me write some real shit, nigga! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Proof Album: Searching for Jerry Garcia Song: Kurt Kobain Typed by: WhiteFusion7239@aol.com [Proof talking] This my last letter right here Fuck this world, lets get the fuck outta here [Proof] I put my soul through the ink Bless a path with thoughts at my thoughts Before I grow extinct My back-bone disowned by zone Why roam? called home But now on I'm all alone Just Proof, no shine, no friends, just fans No wonder my hands, tight where the Internet ends I take back most of the flack The stress smokes, press me close to the crack Like my pops, the ghost of my past Thyme and Mudd, Jay Dee and Stuckey Lately I'm lucky, I don't hate me to touch me Maybe I'm ugly inside, but smiling to make it I love y'all dawg, and that's how ever you take it The fame is an illusion, I'm still losing In this game, with the rules and.. I feel clueless, the streets with the hills blue less Cops knocking at the door, got me looking real foolish But I still do this, like I love it, even though I thug it Keep flossing lights in public, the subject y'all don't know Stars won't grow, who would dream that scars would show? Minus the MTV videos with slim "Up in Smoke" D-12, and many shows with Em It's still me dawg, no change for change It's strange, when it pours it rains I take it back.. I wish I could take it back, I wish I could take it back But it's too late I wish I could take it back, I wish I could take it back But it's too late [Proof] Always talking to Snuk hopin' he speak back Wishin' my first son was here to reach at Feeling detached My brother Earl, and Wayne, that bail money for jail, y'all can keep that I've been deep before, ask Stillman My hearts melting, tell the truth, I need help man I hearts big but by sins bigger Fuck the world, I don't feel like I can win niggaz It's like I'm lost and I find only demons I wanna quit, its like I'm tired of breathing So my stress confess to a famous song Em I love you, don't let this money change us dawg 1st Born, when I'm gone, grab the sign Leave Naeem with the cream and his mom And dear mamma, I use to hate you Now I relate to, everything you did to make Proof I love you.. Take it back [Proof] All y'all see is Free from 106 and Park Y'all don't know I risk my heart with this apart From the streets, the groups, the friends, the foes The jewels, the dick lickers and the hoes What about me? Sheltered with no guidance Look at the finest, royal highness on some hot shit Still living with the liquor and bud Sometimes I wish for my demise, so I can kick it with Bugz I wish it was real between us all In the past, you should of seen us dawg I die for Em and save Hailie, brave maybe But just let them tears roll off my grave Shady Kuniva n' Swift, how live does it get? I meant to teach y'all niggaz to survive in this bitch If we die to be rich, that makes me happy And on another note, shit, don't hate me pappy It's just that we look the same, you let the game take you Your son game along and took the game Since I took my own life, y'all feel a killa fo sho Bizarre on the real, you the realest nigga I know Strapping and busting ain't real, just tell your mans the truth And that's why you've always been friends with Proof Answer to all, I've always lied with truth And before I pull the trigger, Denaun, I'm proud of you.. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Eminem f/ D-12 Album: Quitter (White Label) 12" * Song: Quitter Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash * this song is a bootleg - your best bet to find it is try Napster [Eminem] Yo.. I dedicate to this.. to yo.. {*imitating Slick Rick*} To all my fans, keepin y'all in health Let's tell this Whitey Ford to go fuck himself Cause it's cruel when you cause a bad heart conditionin which I create, cause that's my mission So listen close, to what we say because this type of fag claims to never be gay, I.. {*rapping normally*} .. knew you was jealous from the day that I met you I upset you, cause I get respect I pet you (boy) I'm even liked better by your niece and nephew (c'mon!) And now you hate Fred because Lethal left you Peckerwood mad cause his record went wood No respect in the hood, fled to his neck of the woods Got in touch with his roots, found the redneck in his blood and said, "Heck, country western rap records are good!!" So he picks the guitar up and he strums a few notes He can't rap, or sing, but he wants to do both (haha) Puts an album out and rules for part of the year then Kid Rock and Limp Bizkit come from out of nowhere It's the start of an era, rock rap's harder this year No one's tryin to hear some fuckin old fart in a chair sittin on stage, strummin acoustic guitar in your ear So you start to get scared, sit back and spark an idea Figure you can diss me to jump start your career I punch you in your fuckin chest 'til your heart kicks in gear (bitch) And fuck your underground buddy's nameless crew Like I'ma say they names so they can be famous too [Chorus 2X: Eminem *sung*] You just a.. quitter, and you bitter cause I came along and the days of House of Pain are gone And if you talk about my little girl in a song again I'ma kill you (I'ma kill you) [Eminem] Yo.. heart attack to stroke from the crack you smoke to the rap you wrote, your fuckin answer back's a joke And I'ma tell these motherfuckin fans the truth The reason why you dissed me first and I answered you You said I passed you in a lobby and I glanced at you like I ain't notice you? BITCH, I had a show to do! Like I'm supposed to be star-struck, come over to you You better shut your fuckin mouth while you oh-for-two Back in ninety-four Limp opened the show for you Rocked the crowd better and stole the whole show from you Took your motherfuckin DJ and stole him too So you fall in a slump and get all emotional So now you sing and mix slang with blues and pluck strings Confused as fuck cause now your music sucks dick Mr. Mr. Ass Kisser to get accepted in rap quicker but never last, and Everlast is a.. Aight listen (look) So this is what we ask of our fans If you ever see Everlast, WHOOP HIS ASS Hit him with sticks, bricks, rocks, throw shit at him Kick him, spit on him, treat him like a hoe, bitch-slap him Do it for me, do it for Fred, do it for Limp Do it for Rock, do it for rap, do it for Kid Do it for Ice-T, do it just to do it, fuck it He's a bitch, he ain't gon' hit you back, he's nothin! Shit in five years we'll all be "Eating at Whitey's" And he'll be bussin tables in that bitch, cleanin the toilets Aiyyo.. fuck this, cut this shit off {*music stops*} Aiyyo Head, that's why I fucked your mother you fat motherfucker! {*beat changes to 2Pac's "Hit 'Em Up"*} Kill Whitey! - Hahaha Kill Whitey! - Detroit! What? What? Kill Whitey! - .. yo, yo Kill Whitey! - Haha! Look First off, fuck your songs and the shit you say Diss my wife, but at least I got a bitch, you gay You claim to be a Muslim but you Irish White So fuck you fat boy, drop the mic, let's fight Plus I punch you in the chest, weak hearts I rip Whitey Ford, forty and white, lethargic ass dickhead I keep 'em comin while you runnin out of breath Steady duckin while I'm punchin at your chest, you need to rest Dilated, go ask your people how I leave ya with your three CD's, nobody sees, when they released Evidence, don't fuck around with real MC's who ain't ready for no underground beef, so fuck geeks I let you faggots know it's on for life but Everlast might die tonight, haha Fat boy murdered on wax and killed Fuck with me and take a heart pill, you know! [Chorus: Eminem] Grab 380's when you see Slim Shady Call the doctor to heal your heart They shocked you back to life at the clinic but you 'bout to get relapsed any minute Honkey, I hit 'em up! Hahaha, yo check this out You faggots ain't even on my level I'ma let D-12 ride on you bitch-made ass faggots! [Kon Artis] Yo! Get out the way yo, get out the way yo Whitey Ford's heart just stopped Eminem shocked him back, he had another heart attack Whitey Ford's gettin his ass floored for talkin back Little faggot Hamburgular, I show you where the burgers are At your own restaraunt, while I'm servin ya Drop and stomp your whole heart 'til it stops Call the cops, I'ma beat your ass while they watch [Kuniva] Ha ha, now we got the whole industry makin fun of you Erik Where's your House of Pain now? There's only one of you Erik You a petty coward, you ain't ready to steady go a round with some killers from 7 Mile to the motherfuckin Belle Isle Bridge [Eminem] Got in his ass and now this faggot wanna mention me still this ain't no freestyle battle Everlast gettin killed with his chest open Tryin to throw a fuckin punch, but you just chokin Havin a stroke and now you learn why crackers never earned a dime cause you SUCK motherfucker you should learn to rhyme Talkin 'bout you packin pistols but it's funny to me You ain't never been in trouble, you just wanna be me I'm a paleface killer whale on his way to fuckin prison, pistol whippin tail, ha Erik remember when I passed you in the lobby that day? That shit was obvious you probably was gay, ha Now it's all about country, you gave up hip-hop Forty-nine thousand copies, the week your shit drop while my sales makin records break Two and a half million scanned by the second week Motherfucker I hit 'em up! [Proof] I'm from Detroit's Pemberton Ave., where bullets tear you in half Fuck the music, we got an uzi for all you fags Get the shit out of our stereo, Dilated you violated Now you 'bout to get annihilated, we gon' bury you Iriscience get choked up and yoked up All you underground bitches get your throats cut [Swifty] What the fuck?! Is you stupid? I choke Whitey Ford with his fuckin guitar cord and stuff him in cardboard, chopped up in a box with sixteen parts, I stomped on his heart D-12, Amityville, fuck your mother while you watch Keep your restaraunt locked and block your door Cause we "Hit 'Em Up" like motherfuckin Tupac Shakur [Eminem] You a, "Black Jesus," heart attack seizures Too many cheeseburgers McDonald's Big Mac greases White devil, washed up honkey Mixed up cracker who crossed over to country {*laughing*} Yo, aiyyo cut this shit off {*needle drags, beat stops*} Fuck him, that's it, I'm done, I promise, I'm done, that's it I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I promise I just believe in kickin a man while he's down God damn! I quit Mention my daughter's name in a song again you fuckin punk Aiyyo.. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Eminem Album:  Shade .45 Promo Song:   Step Right Up Typed by: BasicReasoning@yahoo.com Step right up I'm about to light up the skyline so bright i'ma fuck your whole night up Fuck ya glow sticks, and go stick a stick in ya ass This is the ghost of christmas past This is ya ho, she's supposed to kiss his ass This is gross but listen close If you don't you can go stick ya whole frickin' nose against his crack 'till he lets one go and blows ya whiskers back and get a great big 'ol whiff cuz if you last without passing out you'll be on the next episode of fear factor Ya, i'm back to... back to what? I dont know, smack a little child actor's butt Mike Jackson, what? What the fuck you want? I got a blunt  and some jesus juice, who needs an excuse these days the way they rally around pedophiles your lucky I don't pee in your face I can do anything and apologize for it later,  as long as it aint a racist tape from '88, than i'm straight-a That cannot be forgave  If I drank pee for, eighteen years straight And ate shit every day on a porcelain plate that was shaped like a toilet with a fork and steak knife, for the rest of my life and had to watch my ex-wife get fucked by vanilla ice twice a day, cuz I said N-I-G-G-A, when I was a teenager Blaow, blaow Shade-a forty-five, shorty let me get your number baby  maybe I can hump your leg or something, but its time for me to go so I stopped, jumped in the vehicle its like this, because of that boob right?! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Eminem Album: Shady Records Mixtape Song: Invasion (The Realest) Typed by: akademik_geniuz@yahoo.com * * send corrections to the typist "So let's get down to business  I don't got no time to play around, what is this?" {*scratching*} What is this? what is this?  [Intro] The Invasion! (Invasion yeah) Green Lantern! the infiltration, we comin'! (yeah) [Bridge: Eminem] I got 50 Cent, I got G-Unit D-Tweezy in this bitch, wit Obie Trice! So watch what you say, 'fore you call our name Cause you say one more thing and it won't be nice! [Verse: Eminem] Whoa, here we go, I shoulda' known I was bound to get pulled into some bullshit Sooner or later you little haters Are too jealous of us to love us You hate it G-Unit made it and Obie's coming D-Tweezy's coming you're sick to your stomach 50 percent of it's 50 cent The other 50 percent of it's who's color of skin it is But if you even considerin' taking our label down You better find our building and fly a fucking plane into it But I ain't trying to get too intricate into it I'm just trying to you give you a little hint for your own benefit Cause then it's gonna get to the point Where it escalates to some other shit Then I'm a flip, then I'm a get to "Stomping in my Air Force Ones" But you won't be able to tell  If it's two pairs or it's one It's just gonna feel like so many feet kicking you You'd think Nike just made these into cleats in this shoe I don't know what it is or what it could be But I get a woody when these pussies try to push me Thinking they gonna put me in a position to pickle me Y'all tickle me pink  I think I'd just rather have Pink tickle me Hickory dickory dock, tickety tock tickety A little bit of the diggedy doc diggedy Mixed with a little bit of the {*Eminem vocal scratch*} Wit a pinch of Biggie Look at me, I'm just the bomb diggedy [Chorus: Eminem] We the realest label Don't try to act like you don't feel our label Cause we gon' fuck around and kill your label Obie, D-Tweezy, G-Unit, 50, Shady records We the label fa' sho! We the realest label Don't try to act like you don't feel our label Cause we gon' fuck around and steal your paper Obie, D-Tweezy, G-Unit, 50, Shady records We gon' kill your label fa' sho! [Eminem] Shady in the place to be see And I got what it takes to +Roc The Mic+ right! Still watch what you say to me punk Cause I'm off probation in less than six months {*gun cocked*} [Outro] Haha, Shady Records Still Aftermath, and don't think we don't  Hear you motherfuckers talkin'! Cause we do and we see y'all We just gon' sit back for a minute  While I see what the FUCK y'all do The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Eminem Album: Shady Records Official Mixtape * Song: Nail in the Coffin Typed by: Miles@Starmail.com * we normally don't publish mixtape lyrics on OHHLA.com but an exception   will be made for this track to showcase Eminem's lyrical war with Benzino [Eminem] This motherfucker man! Just won't shut up will you? Talking 'bout I owe him... Bitch you owe me... I'm promoting you right now Yo let's put the nail in his coffin I don't wanna be like this I don't really wanna hurt no feelings But I'm only being real when I say Nobody wants to hear that grandfather rap (nope) And old men have heart attacks And I don't wanna be responsible for that, so Put the mic down and walk away You can still have a little bit of dignitay [Eminem] I would never claim to be no, Ray Benzino An eighty-three year old fake Pacino So how can he hold me over some balcony without Blowing his lower back out as soon as he goes to lift me? (Ugh!) Please don't you'll probably fall with me, and our asses'll both be history But then again you'd finally get your wish cause you'll be all over the street like 50 Cent (Hahaha) FUCKIn punk pussy, FUCK YOU CHUMP Give me a one on one; see if I don't FUCK YOU UP Tryin to jump the Ruff Ryderz and they cut you up And you put Jada on a track, that's how much you suck, dick In the industry, swear that you in the streets husslin' You sit behind a fuckin desk at The Source butt-kissin' And beggin motherfuckers for guest appearances And you can't even get the clearances, 'cuz real lyricists Don't even respect you or take you serious It's not that we don't like you we HATE YOU period Talk about a mid-life crisis, damn Last week you was shaking Obie Trice's hand Now he's a buster? What the fucks with that Get on a track dissing us and kissin 50's ass And asking me what I know about indictments, bite me Bitch I got two cases, and probation, FIGHT ME! What do I know about standing in front of a judge like a man Ready to take whatever sentence he hands? What you know about your wife slicing her wrists Right in front of the only thing you have in this world? A little girl And I put that on her, when this is all o-ver I would never try to make her a star and eat off her I don't know shit about no shopping rocks But what you know about HipHop shops rocking spots? Where you the only white boy up in the bitch just rippin'? Pressing up your own flyers and your stickers, stickin' Them bitches up after spending six hours at Kinko's Just making copies of your covers to cassette singles To sell them out of the trunk of your Tracer Spending your whole paychecks at Disk Makers What you know about being bullied over half your life? Oh that's right, you should know what that's like, you're half white (Hahaha) Vanilla Ice, spill the beans and rice I'm eating you alive inside, Jesus Christ! If you're that much of a gangsta, put the mic down You should be out killin motherfuckers right now! Kill a motherfucker dead, KILL 'EM DEAD BITCH! Shoot 'em in the fuckin head, GO AHEAD BITCH! Slap my mom; slap THE FUCK OUT OF HER! She can't sue you; she wouldn't get a buck out of ya 'Cuz you're broke as fuck, YOU SUCK, you're a FUCKIn JOKE If you was really sellin COKE with, then WHAT THE FUCK- You STOP for, dummy? If you slew some crack You'd make a lot more money then you do from rap (Hahaha) You'll never have no security, you'll never be famous You'll never know what it's like to be rich; life's a bitch ain't it? Raymond? Here let me break the shit down in Laymen's Terms for you, just to make sure that you can understand it Since Canibus is using too many complicated fuckin words for you Here let me slow it down for so you could understand if I say it slower ... Let it go dogg, it's over I don't wanna be like this I don't really wanna hurt no feelings But I'm only being real when I say Nobody wants to hear that grandfather rap (uh-ugh) And old men have heart attacks And I don't wanna be responsible for that, so Put the mic down and walk away You can still have a little bit of dignitay [Eminem] Haha... talking 'bout, I have motherfuckers calling your crib BITCH YOU AIN'T EVEN GOT A FUCKIn CRIB! You ain't even got a fucking phone... fucking bum Threatenin to shut me down at ya lil' fucking Source magazine If I come back when did I attack you? BITCH you attacked me first take it like a man and shut the FUCK UP Fuck your little magazine too I don't need your little fucking magazine I got XXL's number anyways... and y'all can't stand it 'cuz they gettin bigger than y'all Oh, and by the way... how'd I look on the VMA's? When you was watching me from whatever fuckin TV you was watching me from From Boston...the mean streets of Boston Fuckin sissy, and you got us scared up in that motherfucker? SUCK my motherfuckin dick  Oh! And for those that don't know Don't get it twisted y'all THE SOURCE HAS A WHITE OWNER! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Eminem Album: Shady Records Mixtape/white label 12" Song: The Sauce Typed by: jjwright@dal.ca [Eminem] It's all bad now man, it's all bad Cuz y'all done FUCKED up now YEA! Ha ha, new shit, aiyyo I just want the whole world to know That I did not start this, but I will finish it Comin' up, it never mattered what color you was If you could spit, then you could spit That's it, that's what it was Back when, motherfuckers was straight backpackin' Cipherin', fightin' for life in this rap For the mic to get past, and you psyched and you gassed Then you hype, cuz you last And you might whoop some ass If you lost, then you lost Shake hands like a man and you swallowed it When the Unsigned Hype column in The Source was like Our only source of light When the mics used to mean something, a four was like You were the shit, now it's like the least you get Three and a half now just means you're a piece of shit Four and a half or five Means you're Biggie, Jigga, Nas, or Benzino Shit I don't even think you realize You're playing with motherfuckers' lives I done watched Dre get fucked on The Chronic Probably cuz I was on it Now you fucked me out of my mics twice, I let it slide I said I wouldn't hold my fuckin breath to get a five Shit I was right, I'da fuckin died already tryin I swear to God, I never lie, I bet that's why You let that bitch give me that bullshit review I sat and took it, I ain't look at the shit, we knew You'd probably try and fuck us with Obie and 50 too *Hock spit*, fuck a relationship we through No more Source for street cred, them days is dead Ray's got AK's to Dave Mays' head Every issue there's an eight page Made Men spread Will somebody please tell whoever braids his head That I am not afraid of this fuckin waste of lead On my pencil, for me to write some shit this simple So listen closely, as I break it down and proceed This old G's about to get smoked like rolled weed You don't know me or my motherfucking mother You motherfucking punk Put me on your fuckin cover just to sell your little Sell-out mag, I ain't mad, I feel bad Here's an ad, here's a poster of Ray-Ray and his dad You wanna talk about some shit that you don't know about, yea? Let's talk about how you're puttin your own son out there To try to eat off him because you missed your boat You're never gonna blow, bitch, you're just too old No wonder you're sore now, lordy you're bored now I'm pushing thirty, you're kickin forty's door down Bitch this is war now, and you'll never beat me All you do is cheat me out of Quotables But you know that you'll always see me On your TV, cuz you've got to stay up 'til Three in the morning to see your video played once on BET So, hee hee hee, who has the last laugh? Aftermath, yea So on behalf of our whole staff, kiss our asshole cracks We'll never fold or hold back, just know that Benzino's wack, no matter how many times I say his name He'll never blow jack You're better off tryin to bring RSO back Look at your track record, that's how far it goes back It's extortion, and Ray owns a Porsche and So half of the staff up there is fresh out of jail from Boston Bullyin and bossin Dave like a slave They completely brainwashed him and forced him to stay Locked in his own office Afraid of the softest, fakest, wannabe gangsta in New York And it's pitiful, cuz I would have never said shit if you'da Kept your mouth shut, bitch, now what? Hit it Clue, spit it Slay, new shit, exclusive Yo Lantern, yo Who Kid, you know what to do with this Use it, I'm through, this is stupid I can't believe I stooped to this bullshit to do this And who you callin a bitch... bitch? You OWE me The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: D12 Album: Shark Tale Original Soundtrack Song: Lies & Rumors Typed by: ole85k@hotmail.com * * send corrections to the typist Here we go... They say that one little lie turns into another, then you go and cheat By the time you know it, you are wrapped up in a whole bunch of seaweed You shoulda listened to your mama, and listened to your daddy, when they tried to speak And tell you that there's just too many fishes in the sea [repeat 8X] No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no [Kon Artis] Now this thing here, it may cause concern, but It's just a little story bout a shark eatin worms It's, not a riddle, but subliminally catches on How one little lie can turn into a bigger one When I was a young, guppy in the sea You could see all the bigger fish pickin on me Cause they knew I didn't really have the guard or bullet And the other sharks that have teeth sharper than me I'm a never-endin story about a shark this big The load of kids that got an act for fizz So sit back, kick back with a bag of chips While I tell you bout something stupid I did... [Proof] I'm off to work but I'm late (hey) but what can I say? (hey) I'm cool with the boss and then of course it's a payday We reachin the weekend and I'll be treatin my baby Typical day, dude's in the way – but hey wait! Shark's in the water, gotta duck in the corner 'til I'm caught, I'ma talk and I walk where I wanna Hittin the seaweed, sippin this green tea Big fish in this small world, they'll all believe me For knocking a shark off, protecting my city They all grab my CD and now I'm a popular rock star Like it or not though I'm a marvelous artist Working my hardest and becoming a starfish [Kuniva] Now what am I to do? The boss is on my back I gotta follow his orders when sharks attack It's a dangerous scene, but I'm a Rasta man Cross me and my brother, it will cost ya, man And this little pipsqueak is gettin' on my nerves So my tentacles should give him just what he deserves So you better swim fast cause I'm after ya And go and hide inside the mouth of a clam or somethin' Cause I'm out and about - I'm bad news, a henchman A jellyfish with an attitude, so listen Swim for your life cause I'm on your tail So frightenin I scare a snail out of its shell [Swift] I love this liquid, I'm silly when I'm in it and I bet (This water we're standin in is wet) Duh! What do you expect from me? I'm a platinum Jack Dempsey, trying to get a fee And everybody know that I'm the G of the sea I just knocked this shark off - the dude tried to eat me I guess he didn't like me, it might be because I'm a Pisces They always try to take me lightly So why the trouble? I just wanna hustle and multiply bubbles and pump my muscles I don't want to make a mistake cause these fishermen will set you up, and I ain't fallin for the bait (Daddy – what are we gonna do with a fish with a tattoo?  We're gonna eat him. What do you think?) [Bizarre] I'm a lionfish with dreams of makin it big House in the ocean, three ugly kids And why everybody keep on pickin on me? I'm the sexiest, prettiest fish in the sea Heck no, I ain't nobody dish Cause I'm in love with Angie – the beautiful angelfish {*kissing sound*} Give me a kiss baby I'm running from the white shark, you tryin to make me crazy [repeat 8X] No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Eminem Album: Rawkus Presents Soundbombing 2 Song: Any Man Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Eminem] Hi! Original Bad Boy on the case, cover your face Came in the place blowed, and sprayed Puffy with Mase I laced the weed with insect repellant, better check the smelly Eminem starts with E, better check the spelling with a capital, somebody grab me a Snapple I got an aspirin capsule trapped in my adam's apple (hurry up!) Somebody dropped me on my head, and I was sure that my mother did it, but the bitch won't admit it was her I slit her stomach open with a scalpel when she was six months and said, "I'm ready now bitch - ain't you feelin these kicks cunt?" The world ain't ready for me yet, I can tell I'll probably have a cell next to the furnace in hell I'm sicker than sperm cells with syphillis germs and I'm hotter than my dick is, when I piss and it burns I kick you in the tummy until you sick to your stomach and vomit so much blood that your clothes stick to you from it (yuck!) (Yuck!) Hit you in the head with a brick til you plummet If y'all don't like me, you can suck my dick til you numb it And all that gibberish you was spittin, you need to kill it Cause your style is like dyin in my sleep, I don't feel it Chorus: Eminem Cause any man who would jump in front of a minivan for twenty grand and a bottle of pain pills and a minithin is fuckin crazy -- you hear me? Ha? Is fuckin crazy -- hello, hi! Cause any man who would jump in front of a minivan for twenty grand and a bottle of pain pills and a minithin is fuckin crazy -- do you hear me? Is fuckin crazy [Eminem] I'm ice grillin you, starin you down with a gremlin grin I'm Eminem, you're a fag in a women's gym I'm Slim, the Shady is really a fake alias to save me with in case I get chased by space aliens A brainiac, with a cranium packed, full of more uranium than a maniac Saudi Arabian A highly combustible head, spazmatic strapped to a Kraftmatic adjustable bed Laid up in the hospital in critical condition I flatlined; jumped up and ran from the mortician High speed, IV full of thai weed Lookin Chinese, with my knees stuck together like siamese twins, joined at the groin like lesbians Uhh, pins and needles, hypodermic needles and pins I hope God forgives me for my sins -- it probably all depends on if I keep on killin my girlfriends Chorus: Eminem Cause any man who would jump in front of a minivan for twenty grand and a bottle of pain pills and a minithin is fuckin crazy -- you hear me? Ha? Is fuckin crazy -- listen!! Cause any man who would jump in front of a minivan for twenty grand and a bottle of pain pills and a minithin is fuckin crazy -- you hear me? Is fuckin crazy [Eminem] Last night I O.D.'d on rush, mushrooms and dust and got rushed to the hospital to get my system flushed (Shucks!) I'm an alcoholic and that's all I can say I call in to work, cause all I do is frolic and play I swallow grenades, and take about a bottle a day of Tylenol 3, and talk about how violent I'll be (RRARRRRH) Give me eleven Excederin my head'll spin Medicine'll get me revvin like a 747 jet engine Scratched my balls til I shredded skin "Doctor, check this rash, look how red it's been" "It's probably AIDS!" Forget it then I strike a still pose and hit you with some ill flows that don't even make sense, like dykes usin dildos So reach in your billfolds, for ten ducats and pick up this Slim Shady shit that's on Rawkus Somethin somethin somethin, somethin I get weeded My daughter scribbled over that rhyme, I couldn't read it Damn! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Eminem f/ Skylar Grey Album: Survival {S} Song: Survival Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Eminem] Yeah~! [Chorus: Skylar Grey] This, is, survival of the fittest This, is, do or DIIIIIE! This, is, the winner takes it all So take it all-ohh-oh-ohh-oh-ohhhhhh! [Eminem] Wasn't ready to be no millionaire, I was ill-prepared I was prepared to be ILL though, the skill was there! From the beginning it wasn't 'bout the ends It was 'bout bustin raps and standin for somethin, fuck an acronym Cut the fuckin act like you're happy, I'm fuckin back again with another anthem, why stop when it doesn't have to end? It ain't over 'til I say it's over, enough when I say enough Throw me to them wolves and close the gate up, I'm afraid of what'll happen to them wolves - when the thought of bein thrown into an alligator pit I salivated it, weight is up Hands up like it's 12 noon, nah homie, hold them bitches straighter up Wave 'em 'til you dislocate a rotator cuff Came up rough, came to ruffle feathers, nah egos I ain't deflate enough Last chance to make this whole stadium ERUPT cause [Eminem] I can see the finish line with each line that I finish, I'm so close to my goals I can almost pole vault, over the goal post And if I don't got enough in the tank maybe I can just siphon enough to fill up this last can, man will I survive in this climate or what? They said I was washed up and got a blood bath I'm not a rapper, I'm an adapter, I can adjust! Plus, I can just walk up to a mic and just bust So, floor's open if you'd like to discuss Top 5 in this muh'fucker and if I don't make the cut What, like I give a fuck - I'ma light this bitch up like I'm drivin a truck to the side of a pump, zero to sixty, hop in and +gun it+ like G-Unit without the hyphen, I'm hypin 'em up And if there should ever come a time where my life's in a RUT And I look like I might just give up, ehh, might've mistook me for bowin out, I ain't takin a bow I'm stabbin myself with a fuckin knife in the gut, while I'm wipin my BUTT! Cause I just shitted on the mic and I like gettin CUT! I get excited at the sight of my blood, you're in a fight with a NUT! Cause I'ma fight 'til I die or win, bitin the dust It'll just, make me angrier, wait, let me remind you of what got me this far, picture me quittin Now draw a circle around it and put a line through it slut It's survival of WHAT? [Skylar Grey] So take it all-ohh-oh-ohh-oh-ohhhhhh! [Eminem] (Yeah!) So get your ideas (uhh) stack your ammo But don't come unless you come to battle, I'm mad now jump in the saddle This is it, it's what you eat, sleep, piss and shit Lift, breathe, your whole existence just consists of this Refuse to quit, fuse is lit, can't diffuse the wick I don't do this music shit I'll lose my shit Ain't got shit to lose, it's the moment of truth, it's all I know how to do As soon as I get thrown in the booth, I SPIT! But my respect is overdue, I'm showin you the flow no one do Cause I don't own no diploma for school, I QUIT! So there's nothin for me to fall back on, I know no other trade So you'd better trade your fuckin mics in for some tool-box-es! Cause you'll never take my pride from me, it'll have to be pried from me So pull out your pliers and your screw-dri-vers! But I want you to doubt me, I don't want you to buh-lieve Cause this is somethin that I must use to suc-ceed And if you don't like me then FUCK you, self-esteem must be fuckin shootin through the roof, cause trust me My skin is too thick and bullet-proof to touch me I can see why the fuck I disgust you, I must be a-llergic to failure cause every time I come close to it I just sneeze But I just go ah-choo, then ACHIEVE! [Skylar Grey] So take it all-ohh-oh-ohh-oh-ohhhhhh! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Eminem f/ 50 Cent, Ca$his, Dr. Dre, Jay-Z, Stat Quo Album: Syllables 12" Song: Syllables Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Intro] It is not about lyrics anymore! It's about a hot beat, and a catchy hook! [Eminem] If we gotta dumb down our style and, A-B-C it then so be it, cause nowadays these kids Jeez, don't give a shit 'bout lyrics All they wanna hear is a beat and that's it Long as they can go to the club and get blitzed Pick up some chicks and get some digits And the DJ's playin them hits "Oh this my jam, this my shit! We don't know a word to a verse, all we know is the chorus Cause the chorus repeats the same four words for us" And the song's ginormous, the whole formula's switched cause we don't know anymore what are hits Is it the beat? Is it the rap? Is it a finger snap or the same 8-0-8 clap? And how do we adapt and get TRL votes when 13-year olds control the remotes? And Ashlee's got a brand new nose We gotta put some new em-phas-is on our syl-la-lables [Jay-Z] If the emphasis on a compact disc isn't a beat then I'm gon' feature Em and get rich and let Dre mix the shit and drive off in the Range Rove' Cause e'rywhere I go they love the bling-bling flow The bang-bang, look at the way my chain glow The ring on my fing' cost Jermaine a lot of dough (oh) The fuck am I bustin my brain fo'? It's just the way the game go, and oh it takes two to tango You call this a lame flow? You bought the shit! I guess you to blame too, I just found the angle Hehe, no more reality flows I'm tryin to time my album droppin with a reality show Cock the mac-11 front of Hot 97 And call my publicist, tell her we in press heaven Hehe, no one gives a shit except some kids that just got into sex on the internet So you want the chat room or the house in Malibu? Em, your emphasis is on the wrong syl-la-lable [Dr. Dre] Jay said 30's the new 20, funny Must mean 40's the new 30, interestin Cause ever since then it's been in essence an extension for veteran rappers that are better than half of the shit comin out right now, it's all trash The torch is gonna burn out before it gets passed Jay said it's his last, then 50 and Em Then what? "Detox" drops, what do we got then? So now our whole camps is runnin around, scramblin over what to do, gamblin Every time we put a record out just lookin for that hook [Em] Wait Dre, look~! [Chorus: Eminem - singing] Shorty I love youuuuuuu And you loooove me tooooooo We were meant to be Cause shorty you love meeeeeee And I loooove you tooooooo And I promise I'll be true to you [50 Cent] Go shorty, it's your birthday You made it just in time to hear my wordplay It's the kid that flip flows who used to flip O's I run G for days, you should see how I get hoes I'm international, I get my dick licked 'round the globe I'm sick right into shows when ridin on lo-lo's Puffin on cocoa, my bitch in Manolo's Don't fuck with the dodos, that's slang for dumb hoes Think I'm playin I ain't got time to joke, joke You fuck around you could get yo' ass smoked, loc It's not a game, me B, I ain't playin Be behind me playa, so you here anyway You don't hear what I'm sayin, me finini-nay Fee-fideedee-day, just give me my check then I'll be on my way Sonny bunny money you're funny You ain't even listenin and I just took your money [Stat Quo] There once was a time everywhere he turned Shady/Aftermath was all you heard But they said 50 sang too much and Em got soft And they said Dre just fell the fuck off Well fuck the fuck-offs, all y'all eat salt Be mad, we back fresh up out of the vault, oh! New syl-la-lables, eat balls you fuck-offs Yo' house, yo' bitch, I'm gettin sucked off East, South, Midwest, even up North Fallin victim to wax spittin, bring out the white chalk All for the gingerbread we get it and get lost Catch me if you can, I'm runnin past while y'all walk [Ca$his] Shady made me for bringin it back For the history of rap, it's gone with a snap A snare, and a clap What happened to just spittin 'bout livin in the muh'fuckin city you at? In the grimiest condition, I breathe in drama King Mathers and Ca$h meet, that's freak karma I'm everything anything you could never be It's a hittin, rhymin a month deep in the beat I speak with a piece, no peace on my mind I repeat every evil deed done to mine No rest, contest, contract is signed By blood I'm in this squad for life Air out my windpipes and, I just chime I'm the reason you guys won't say that line I'm crazy, "Renagade" like Em and Jay-Z I'm Rosemary's baby, I want you to hate me [Outro] It is not about lyrics anymore {*2X*} It's about a hot beat, a hot beat {*2X*} A hot-hot-hot beat, and a catchy hook {*2X*} Nobody gives a damn about them syllables, syl-la-lables Whatever they are I don't care if they gotta rhyme Schmoe, moe, Joe, toe and flow Now get out there and sell some Goddamn records! {*repeat to fade*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: 2Pac f/ Eminem, Outlawz Album: Tupac Ressurection Soundtrack Song: One Day at a Time (Em's Version) Typed by: ThinkFree22@aol.com * * send corrections to the typist [2Pac] Sometimes its hard, to wake up in the morning Mind full of demons I don't wanna hear them anymore Got me heartbroken, fine, so many babies screamin' Cuz they seein destruction before they see a human bein So they start smoking, we will never get our day Until we learn to pray, keep our families in shake Cuz they all broken, why do ghetto birds die Before we learn to fly, somebody else should try  Cocking guns, smoking, we can all make a change So I'm told but I haven't seen a change unfold I'll keep hopin please, if you prefer to breathe Communities in need, of people that will lead Keep your eyes open, I can only say I'll try Until the day I die, I promise to be wise With my heart open, greed brings only misery Away the tragedy, so I stay sucker free Only a few chosen rise, my ghetto queens rise Don't be afraid to try, too many of us die Before they daughter open wise, my brother's speak wise Stay focused on the prize, though everybody dies [Eminem] We can only learn to take, our anger and our hate Control our mental stakes, settle down and set it straight Maybe we can learn to take a second to pump the brakes Before we said it, regret it later and let it escalate  Cuz by then its just too late, there's so much we can take And there's only so much someone can swallow and tolerate To the point that he just brakes, snaps, and its all it takes You think that we was learnin from other rappers mistakes But we ain't, its plain to go against,  With every artist comes the image he portrays and the picture that he paints But in the mist of all this anger and this angst  Never once did you heard me say I'm a gangster and I aint hear any complaints But I know, that I will always continue to grow As long as I lead, and never follow no one else's shadow There will never be another me, and that I can guarantee  That's why the fuck I remain sucker free To this day, the game, will never be the same No matter how much fame and success they attain There will never be another me  And no matter what they do, there will never be another you You can search but you'll never find You can try to rewind time, but in your hearts and your minds We will never die, we are forever alive [2Pac]-And we continue growin, one day at a time [Outlawz] Don't get caught in the publicity and caught in the hype Rappers are regular people minus money ya like Seachin for fortune and fame and superstardom All the jury, all the calls, who grouse is harder There's not a hip-hop police, the villains is watchin And the kids think beef, is they only option Outlawz born filthy, guilty as charged My memories took a die, my Macaveli lives on You think the industry is fun, and no pity with guns And when your money is up, that's when your enemies come So if he die, and came back, would he try to save rap? We needing a change, the drama remains the same I spend my whole life, (yeah) fightin myself That I cant win, so I'm invitin some help And hey now then, I take rights and no lefts I'm still, just like a kid, lookin for stripes on my belt Yeah, that there is a fight in itself So I just pray and hope God, take a light to myself No matter how much I try, stay alive, I'm a die a man Still standin there in love my pride My heart ????, we passed that I'm tryin to keep ???? keep comin and collect all my ass cap The rappers in the game ain't change And I finally realize that we not in the same game The hatin' will never end, so I guess I'll deal with it Them .45's will pop killa's, yes I'm still with it The streets is military, you gotta be a soldier Gotta stay leery, and keep your eyes on the rollers They do what they gotta do to shock them and hold us So we gotta do what we gotta do to keep rollin One way at a time, keep the faith in your mind [2Pac]-And we continue growin, one day at a time [2Pac] Damn The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Eminem Album: The Warning 12" Song: The Warning (Mariah Carey Diss) Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Intro: Eminem] Only reason I dissed you in the first place  is cause you denied seein me Now I'm pissed off [Eminem] Sit back homie relax, in fact grab a six-pack Kick back while I kick facts, yeah Dre, sick track Perfect way to get back, wanna hear somethin wick-wack? I got the same exact tat that's on Nick's back I'm +Obsessed+ now, oh gee Is that supposed to be me, in the video with the goatee? Wow Mariah, didn't expect you to go balls out Bitch shut the fuck up 'fore I put all them phone calls out you made to my house when you was +Wild'n Out+ before Nick, when you was on my dick and give you somethin to smile about How many times you fly to my house, still tryin to count Better shut your lyin mouth if you don't want Nick findin out You probably think cause it's been so long if I had somethin on you I woulda did it by now Oh on the contrary Mary Poppins I'm mixin our studio session down and sendin it to masterin to make it loud Enough dirt on you to murder you This is what the fuck I do, Mariah it ever occur to you that I still have pictures? However you prefer to do and that goes for Nick too, faggot you think I'm scurred of you? You're gonna ruin my career you better get one Like I'ma sit and fight with you over some slut bitch cunt that made me put up with her psycho ass over six months And only spread her legs to let me hit once Yeah, what you gonna say I'm lucky? Tell the public that I was so ugly that you fuckin had to be drunk to fuck me? Second base, what the fuck you tell Nick pumpkin? The second week we were dry humpin, that's gotta count for somethin Listen girly, surely you don't want me to talk about how I nutted early cause I ejaculated prematurely And bust all over your belly and you almost started hurling and said I was gross, go get a towel, your stomach's curling Or maybe you do, but if I'm embarrassin me I'm embarrassin you And don't you dare say it isn't true As long as that song's gettin airplay I'm dissin you I'm a hair away from gettin carried away and gettin sued I was gonna stop at 16, that was 32 This is 34 bars, we ain't even third of the way through "Damn Slim, Mariah play you," Mariah who? Oh, did I say whore Nick? I meant a liar too Like I've been goin off on you all this time for no reason, girl you out your alcoholic mind Check your wine cellar, look at the amounts of all the wine Like I fuckin sit around and think about you all the time I just think this shit is funny when I pounce you on a rhyme But fuck it now I'm 'bout to draw the line And for you to cross it that's a mountain that I doubt you wanna climb I can describe areas of your house you wouldn't find on an episode of "Cribs," a blow below the ribs If I hear another word so don't go openin your jibs Cause every time you do it's like an overload of fibs I ain't sayin this shit again hoe, you know what it is It's a warning shot, 'fore I blow up your whole spot Call my bluff and, I'll release every fuckin thing I got Including the voicemails right before you flipped your top when me and Luis were tryin to stick two CD's in the same slot [Interlude] "Slim Shady, {?} they doubt ya" "Slim Shady, {?} they doubt ya" [Eminem] {"I love you"} I love you too Let me whisper sweet nothings into your ear boo Now what you say? {"It's nothin"} Yeah so what I'll do is refresh your memory when you said {"I want you"} Now should I, keep goin or should we call truce? {"You think you're cute, right? Haha"} You bet your sweet ass I do {"I'm Mary Poppins, B"} And I'm Superman, ooh {"Mary P - Slim Shady"} Comin at you So if you'll still be my {"Baby girl"} Then I'll still be your {"Superhero"} {"Oh and Em"} Yeah, I'm right here {"You like this!"} Nope, not anymore dear It cuts like a {"knife"} when I tell you get a {"life"} But I'm movin on with mine, Nick, is that your {"wife"} Well tell her to shut her mouth then I'll leave her alone If she don't {"stick to the script"} then I'ma just keep goin Damn [Outro] "I see Mary Ann, Mary Ann's sayin cut the tape, cut the tape, knife!" The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Eminem f/ Kon Artis Album: Westwood (BBC Radio 1) Song: Tim Westwood Freestyle Typed by: matt_runyon@hotmail.com [Eminem] Yo blast me off, Tim! Blast me off, son! Blastin' off right now, son! I wasn't born mean, I was pushed to treachery I walk the streets lookin' for some puss to fetch me I'm like a veggie, brain is turned to mush I'm edgy Edgy enough to give Reggie Bush a wedgie If he don't gimme kin, things could get messy So pass that ass to me let me squish the left cheek And press against the right one till its smushed against me And leave a dead body in the woods to MC with the Christopher Reeves beef We started out on the wrong foot, or should I say fake leg made out of wood I shouldn't, yes I should Riding through the hood, I'm chillin' with Westwood I'm quite mellow, a white fellow My pee is bright yellow, I like Jello, I'm like hello To a cute little dyke on the mic I'm kinda like... [Eminem] Me and Westwood blastin' off, jackin' off In a pair of acid washed bumpin' Asher Roth Cruisin' grassy 'till I damn near crash the car Tryna smash 'em off in the dash, hit the overpass, went off Over the bridge into oncoming traffic Cause a massive forty two car pile-up, not a scratch at all Hopped up holdin' a axe and saw Jason mask is off when my face is plastered in tobasco sauce Spittin' flames, kickin' fire out ur ass you little - You can pass it on, I'm battery acid dog You don't wanna get my ass ticked off I'm harder than playing basketball when I'm going through crack withdrawal Dick so big it's like elastic, I tie it in a knot and it looks like Mr. Fantastic Crossed the path of Plastic man with a drastic force...Put my penis on classic sports [Eminem] Once again it's the sinister, cynical, minister Shady Kryptonite the Superman, he's a Dennis to Amy Administer of the pain, just finish, cover the paint And muffle the fumes like it was nothin' because it ain't Anything in his way, his enemies he just slays His venom he spray reaches like beads of energy rays Menacing stares, he glares making the hairs all on the back of yah neck stand Like dracula yep, spectacular rep, he's a tarantula, gargantuan Yah, Angela so I command yah to start dancin' Part Manson, part Hannibal, part mechanical Sharp,throwing animal parts at Scarlett Johansen Enter my gas chamber, yah gangsta? My ass He's got his fangs to your neck, he's set to strangle ya ass, hater You're facin' a task greater, he's chasin' your ass He's got his face in a mask, your blood stains on his glass table I'm checking the exposure, a full dose of me exposing myself locked inside of a cozy hotel posing With or without clothing, next to the decomposing bodies eroding while I'm dozing off overdosing Windows opening-shutting, doors opening-closing I think there's a ghost Too much hydrocordone on coating I was only 'sposed to swallow a half, I took the whole thing I'm not joking, I think I just snorted my nose ring I need a drink, I'm standing over the sink posing Myself, self-loathing, cause I'm on a brink, postally I don't wanna think this will make everything rosy Beverly sings, scream while I'm severing three toesies Totally frozen while I close in, I'm yodelling "Rosey, won't you come out to play?" A nuisance, wasting time, cutting and pasting headlines in the papers Making shrines of my crimes and capers My words are whirlwinds, I murder my girlfriends Go to Europe and put nervines in my syrop and stirred 'em You never heard 'em like this, so don't encourage him The neurosurgeon, coke mirrors, I'm lyrics worse than The kinda person to get Katie Couric to cursin' Eighty spirits of ladies cause Shady murdered the virgins Crazy, turn him, convinced that he emerged, took over the world And reeled in all the children, lured 'em into the building and killed 'em Buried 'em in the mulch and mildew and he will do what he feels  And still can spit, drawn to gold like Rumplestilskin Cotton to silk, Motrin to Tylenol 3 pills, the Real Slim Shady's entered the buildin' There's nothing but crumbled leaves and tumbleweeds up in this bitch, Mildrid He's ill wit it, he still shouldn't be heeled There's no one as sick as he MC's will get freakasied on the grill then [Eminem] You wanna start with the hook first? You wanna start with the..? Oh.. I have no idea what I'm doing, I have no idea what I'm doing, but Everybody get up, sit up, Christopher They're miserable without you, Superman is a- Live and he's flowin like the Mystic River Girl don't act like you've never been kissed before One, two, three, four Five, six, this uh Rhyme is about to hit you right in the kisser How did anybody ever find me I disa- Peared I was hiding in Freeway's beard, just a Hop, skip and a jump from my skin, gushin' Nails into my face that I been pushin' Hellraiser, my face is my pincushion It's like when I'm on the mic I can squish a Sucka like a vicegrip, my pin put ya In the slaughterhouse cause your style's been butchered I'll spin chainsaw, take off like the blades on, my brains on Hyperdrive, someone put the breaks on [Eminem & Kon Artis] Here's a smidget, a midget to get your digits, Bridget Don't try to fidget with it, ribbit ribbit I got you slippin' on my swag juice, my swag juice I got you slippin' on my swag juice, my swag juice Now Here's a smidget, a midget to get your digits, Bridget Don't try to fidget with it, ribbit ribbit I got you slippin' on my swag juice, my swag juice [Eminem] ...Cause he gets as busy as a Bee baby you could throw a frisbee in a blizzard He'll catch it in his teeth, what is he? He's a wizard Standing in the disco with a disco biscuit And I'm pretty sure it isn't biscwit, is it? Now baby don't forget to bring your lipstick with ya I want the kiss before I blow this bitch to smitha- Reens, get the guillotines, this is a situ- Ation that's critical as Dre spins his, uh Turn tables and he cuts the record like a scissor Checka-chicky-checka-chicky-checka-checka-chicka Who wreck it in a second tell me what the heck is sicker Wait a minute I just dropped my necklace in the liquor Now baby just to make a little breakfast and it's six o- Clock in the morning unless you want to get some dessert [Eminem & Kon Artis] Here's a smidget, a midget to get your digits, Bridget Don't try to fidget with it, ribbit ribbit I got you slippin' on my swag juice, my swag juice I got you slippin' on my swag juice, my swag juice I said Here's a smidget, a midget to get your digits, Bridget Don't try to fidget with it, ribbit ribbit I got you slippin' on my swag juice, my swag juice I got you slippin' on my swag, my swag juice [Eminem] Ayo, just so everybody knows... That was a hook we made on the way to the radio station And we were trying to get it right so we may have fucked it up a couple times or whatever But, this is what we were trying to like work out before we came here Especially for Westwood, man! ESPECIALLY for you homie! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Dr. Dre and Eminem Album: Wild Wild West Soundtrack Song: Bad Guys Always Die Typed by: i3omb1st@aol.com, OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash The Wild.. Gotham The Wild.. West {*BANG BANG, BANG*} Ha ha, riiiiide.. [Dr. Dre] All you see is the sun, reflectin off of the gun I'm ready for the showdown, that go down at one Sweat on my brow, let's settle it now I'ma show you how real cowboys get down I'm polishin gold, waitin for this drama to unfold I got a {blunt} rolled Feelin bold, gangsters blood runs cold It's time to reload this old .45 colt The wind's gusty, it's hot, muggy and dusty Bust a couple shots, make sure I'm not rusty It's passed noon, he should be here soon Sip a little moonshine inside a saloon All of a sudden I can hear the sound of hoofs Sounds like a thousand wolves I cock back, put the toast in the holster and froze I pose like a poster, he's closer than close I hold the heat sturdy, I heard he fight's dirty but I'ma put thirty inside him and leave early And just when I went to fill him with hot lead I put the gun to his head, and this is what he said [Eminem] You never met me, and you'll probably never see me again but I know you - the name's Slim - you want revenge? Then don't shoot, I'm in the same boots as you I'm tellin the truth, I got a price on my head too, cause when you.. Chorus: {unknown singer} You ride like a cowboy toward the sun And life ain't fun, when you're on the run Got your gold and you got your gun But life as an outlaw just begun Got your shotgun by your side Got your horse and you got your pride You ride til there ain't no place to hide It's sad cause the bad guys always die [Dr. Dre] + (Eminem) He was "Shady," I seen by the look on his face He said take ten paces {shit} I took eight Spun around and I aimed straight for the brain My {shit} went bang but it only fired a blank, he said  (You need bullets, hurry up run!) {*imitating Slick Rick*} I put a clip in the gun, and pointed at his lungs We both drew at the same time and stood stunned  (Go ahead, shoot me, but I'm not the one you want) I figured he was tellin the truth, that's why I didn't shoot So what we gon' do, it's on you  (Do you recall when you and Snoop was a group?) The Chronic!  (Well all we gotta do is find a map to part two)  (And plus I know who's got it) Who?  (Some old dude, he's got 26 plaques and he already sold two) Loaded up my saddle, got ready for battle Hid two pieces of gold inside of my saddle  We rolled two miles until we hit the spot An old ghost town that everybody forgot A place where they used to smoke chronic a lot Slim grabbed the shotgun (Dre here's the plot) (Eminem) This is the spot, they call him Doc Loveless He's goin around sayin he took the game from us  [Let's shoot him in his kneecaps, he'll never see it comin] But he ain't got no legs, they cut 'em off at the stomach He's got mechanical legs, he spins webs Plus he's well respected by the hip-hop heads Our mission - is to get him to stop layin eggs And we can put him on his back down a flight of steps [Dr. Dre] I drew two guns, spun them on my fingers Kicked the swingin doors in, started gun slinging I could hear somebody singin - it sounded like a "G Thang," and a verse from "Keep Their Heads Ringin" I said "It's Dre's Day," and started to spray Against 1800, he pulls a AK Hollow tips started flyin every which way (Eminem) That's when I seen Dre in trouble and came with the gauge I fired the first shot, spun his body around He hit the ground and landed upside down Dre grabbed the map, the plaques and the gold I grabbed two girlies and a {blunt} that's rolled Chorus 2X  Always die..  The Wild.. Gotham  The Wild.. West {*BANG BANG, BANG*}  Ha ha, riiiiide.. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Eminem Album: www.Eminem.com Song: 3 Verses Typed by: OHHLA.com I'm the illest rapper to hold a cordless Patrolling corners Looking for hookers to punch in the mouth with a roll of quarters I'm meaner in action Than Rosco beating James Tarteenyer (?) And smackin his back with vacuum cleaner attachments I grew up in the wild hood As a hazardous youth With a fucked up childhood That I used as an excuse And aint shit changed But kept the same mindstate Since the third time that I failed 9th grade You probably think that I'm a negative person don't be so sure of it I don't promote violence I just encourage it I laugh at the sight of death As I fall down a cement flight of steps And land inside a bed of spider webs So throw caution to the wind You and a friend Can jump off of a bridge and if you live, do it again Shit, why not? Blow your brain out I'm blowing mine out Fuck it, you only live once you might as well die now It's only fair to warn I was born with a set of horns And metaphors attached to my damn umbulical cord Warlord of rap little bastard with a two by four board That smashed into your Honda Accord With a 4 door Ford But a more toward (?) droppin an accapella The choppa (?) fella The mozarella Worse than a hellacopta propella Got you locked in the cella With your skeleton showing Developing anorexia While I'm standin next to ya Eating a full course meal watching you starve to death With an IV in your veins Feeding you liquid darvicet Pumping you full of drugs Pull the plugs On the gunshot victims full of bullet slugs Who were picked up in an ambulance And driven To receiving with the asses ripped outta they pants And given A less than 20 percent chance Of living Have a possible placement It's a hospital patient Storing the dead bodies in grandma's little basement Doctor Kevorkian has arrived To perform an autopsy on you while you scream "I'M STILL ALIVE!" Driving a rusty scalpel in through the top of your scalp And pulling your adams apple out through your mouth Better call the fire department I've hired a arson To set fire to carpet And burn up your entire apartment I'm a liar to start shit (?) Got your bitch wrapped around my dick So tight you need a crobar to pry her apart wit Met a retarded kid named Greg with a wooden leg Snatched it off and beat him over the fucking head with the peg Go to bed with the keg wake up with the 40 Mixed up with Alka Seltzer and Formula 44D Fuck an acid tab I'll strap the whole sheet to my forehead Wait until it absorbed in and fell to the floor dead No more said case closed end of discussion I'm blowin up like spontaneous human combustion Leaving you in the aftermath of holocaust and traumas Cross the bombas (?) We blowin up your house killing your parents  and coming back to get your foster mommas And I'm as good at keeping a promise as Nostradamus Cause I aint making no more threats I'm doing drivebys in tinted Corvettes on Vietnam war vets I'm more or less sick in the head Maybe more cause I smoked crack (?)  today, yesterday, and the day before sabbath Walk the block with a labrador Strapit more corral for war than El Salvador Foul style galore Verbal cow manure Coming together like the eyebrow on Al B. Sure The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Eminem F/ Proof (D-12) Album: www.EMINEM.com * Song: Just Rhymin Wit Proof Typed by: BaLPLaYa34@aol.com * this song was a free download on his official website [Eminem] Are we supposed to shut up or talk...I'll cut your butt up and walk... Around with my ass showing all over the fuckin town [Proof] ....Then You get done up in chalk Yo.... [Eminem] We ready...we ready .. we ready.. we ready ? Ready to hold it steady....Speakin of hold it steady.... You can hold my nuts steady and then.... I can stick my dick in you like a machette...If you're a girl... If you're a girl then you're my world...And I will kill anybody... That means... you, her or him It doesnt matter cuz I'm Eminem And I'm Slim...I'm also slim and your future's Whim [Proof] Ha ha....don't stop D-12 y'all...yea we bust it off the top We get in that ass Preparation-H style Knock more boots than that group H-Town (Booo!) Everybody tryina tell us to wait now You look dumb as fuck...Like Puffy in his video on that breakdown (hahaha) Tryin to dance around How the fuck it feel lock in hand set now Sever your style .. Divide and Parish Part ish...when my cart is bustin thru this... Wassup to Bizzare Kid Targets get hit and liftoff Here it is we bout to rip off Lick shots...no time...we gettin dick snot Emzy... [Eminem] Speakin of lift off.... I'm blastin off...your ass is soft...so I'm startin to jack off Cuz I'm so horny...and your lyrics are so corny That they bore me and I woke up too late this morning Or too early...wait a minute there goes Shirley... The girly I fucked last year when her hair was curly  Couldnt remember it cuz I was Infinite And I met ken Kaniff in Connecticut He said his predicits and pronouns and wanted to throw down And he said I like you...  and then he walked up and said let me snake bite you And I said hell no...kicked him with my shell toe... Gave him a elbow...Ayo Proof ...go.... [Proof] Yo it's the D to the 1 - 2 What you wanna get done to... Your chest plate...eradicate Get your flesh ate...easily done..Here it is... Freestyle...no need to write shit...cuz when we write shit Y'all like to bite shit...that why street light up when we write stuff It's time to be the champions at this...it's D-12 1-2 True crew...Slim Shady and Big proof Knockin over Igloos in Alaska when we blast ya A massacre creator, one time for data Darker than Vader...go anybody hot as the equator It's time to get down one time for those that dont know us Girls wanna blow us like Monica....Lewinsky Come against me... [Eminem] Go and see I'm an invincible Mc If you dont believe it then you wanna try to convince me That you're doper than me...which we'll hope You would hope to be....but hopefully I will rock globaly And nationwide...thats why my ass is wide Thats why your ass just died on the passanger side... Like a fuckin ride...when it got shot up by a drive by When I drove by 5 times and gave it five tries And still missed it I got a fuckin mental illness a gentle stillness... Violence...complete silence is what I need  in the room while I freestyle What I need is to do...what is need is smoke weed and brew And......smoke brew ? You don't smoke brew... If you do I'll choke you and then I guarantee I'll out smoke you You're crew's a joke too and I can stick my dick in a bitch and poke you.... [Proof] Stick it in there....rock with my cock on sky rock Knock ya eye out the sock...(sock) Get..(get) yeah we come to rock....(it) So don't get in the way cuz we gon drop....(shit) Now how you feel right now we bust yo..op....(tic)....(tock) We lunatics with mics and we dont stop we come to rock The dirty dozen is non-stop.. To the top from tree tops to ewoks that pop Reeboks And men with pre-ops Yo now there is 3-Pac's Master P....Thug Life and now it's 2pac Get back to that one...here goes the rhyme that you dropped... [Eminem] The rhyme that I dropped is stickin up IHOP In high tops and walking around like a one eyed cyclops And you can't see me....I only got one eye and I can still see you You can even give it a dumb try... If you're a dumb guy then come try this But I rock the microphone with my flyness So get off my jock.. get of my cock.. When I sky rock... it in sky rock.. shit... bitch [Proof] Ayo...a lot of people always try to tell us... that we gona be better or failures But me or Slim yo you can't tell me... You try to freestyle son we gon put these verses on your LP Slow down with that old stuff.... I heard the most of y'all is Mos Def [Eminem] My Lp...my whole Lp...tha last one was screaming help me You couldnt melt me if you was Vanilla Ice... Yo guess what... my nuuuuuuuuutz Here I go with the lyrical miracle... spiritual spiritual...you dont wanna hear it tho I rickety rock the micrphone Don't do it dont do it cuz that shit is stupid...I knew it I take a beat and loop it...i take a beat and troop it What the fuck did that mean...I dont know but i got phat jeans on And I already said that but I dont know where my head's at All I wanna do is go back to the hotel and know where my bed's at [Proof] yo wheres the beds at so we can relax and catch Ease Y'all dont want none of tha dirty Deez From the 3-1 it's for the three of thirds One third MC yo we smoke y'all like herbs Under the curb early morn take it to born  Y'all get broke up...put back together... re-enactment Some times you see this...you just a faggot No need to tag it...wit more loot that Jimmy Swagart [Eminem] Faggot....uh oh...was that homophobic... But no one knows it...and I'm so homophobic  I wont even throw clothes in the Closet Fuck it...I've lost it... I'm holocausted...see my face it's written all acrossed it This beer makes me wanna disappear this year I'm so high I'm bout to die...and I'm so tired I'm bout to fry You're so fired you're down [Proof] Hey....it's me...it's the hamster man... Coming all the way from Amsterdam.... And I come to tell you all a little secret..... So you can ........eat it ....you got to grab your crackers {mumbling} [Eminem] Quit spittin your writ shit bitch I'll kill you and kick you  In your motherfuckin dick and your clit...you little pussy Hermaphardite with no apettite And you aint rappin right but you was taking rapid bites Of my dick when you was on it...my brain is haunted I walk up in a place in a t shirt wit my stains on it But i dont give a damn...give a fuck...give a shit...give a hell give a piss give a dick give a lick [Proof] Yea....live and direct it's us You better back up... [Eminem] You better back up before I jack off Back off before I jack off [Proof] You better back off before he jack off (laughing) You better back off before I jack off  [Eminem] Colder than Jack Frost...smack you across your face While I'm still jackin off Sittin in the closet beatin my shit Aint got nuttin else to do cuz I'm thinkin of a bitch Wait a minute ...oh shit she's here... Look who walked in the door....come in it's Britney Spears (Ken Kaniff) Oh....come here little girl come here little girl [Eminem] What happened? (I dunno) We stopped rappin (Oh it's Clappin) Gun clappin...and all I need is one napkin to wipe the cum off When I come off with the drum off Whatever the hell that meant...but I can still speak wit a accent A french accent Excuse my french but  Suck my dick touche le le poo...uhh....bitch [Proof] Bonjour...I'm here with the cure... Oh yea lets rock it for the drawer Hey Em...how you doin this is me...The Em jock... Get off my... damn cock {*laughter*} [Eminem] Yo while you're spraying verbs... you ain't even fuckin saying words (THuuuG) Pronounce your words right... and you can ride around curbs And bounce your herbs tight What the fuck ? Yo put another beat on before you get peed on Hi...Hi.... My name is ...my name is...my name is... Slim Shady...Slim Shady...Bitch you're little just like that Kim lady And I'm in sky rock radio...the shadiest bro on the radio But you dont hear me tho..... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Eminem Album: www.EMINEM.com Song: Wake Up Show Freestyle Typed by: WizdomNXS@aol.com [Eminem] Yo, speed racer, 97' burgundy Blazer Wanted for burglary, had to ditch the mercury tracer I'm on some low ish,  I'm fed up wit the being broke ish I'm not to joke wit Bitch, I don't sell crack, I smoke it My brains dusted; I'm disgusted at all my habits Too many asprin tablets and empty medicine cabinets Loosing battles to wack rappers 'cause I'm always too blunted Walkin' up in the cypher smokin', talkin' like, "Who want it?" Thug and crook; every drug in the book I've done it My 9's at your frame,is that your chain? Run it Who wants to die of an overdose of excessive flavor? Aggressive nature got me stickin' you for your Progressive pager Spectacular, battle rap manufacturer Stole your mom's Acura, wrecked it, then sold it back to her ( Right right right ! ! ! ) (( Ding ! ! ! )) The doctors you'll need after our battle are known as psychiatrics  I'll tell the nurses to hold a bed for you,  and I'ma make sure you come back for it So barricade your infants, put up some extra fences A woman beater, wanted for repeated sex offenses ( Ooh ) ..Take em' on long vacation trips Kidnappin' em' and trappin' em' in abusive relationships Mess up your face and lips Slit your stomach and watch your gut split Gut you wit that razor that I use to shave my nuts wit ((Laughter)) Mama don't you cry, your son's too far gone I'm so high, I don't even know what label I'm on I'm messed up, feelin' like an over worked plumber I'm sick of the crap, what's Dr. Kevorkian's phone number? ( Ha.. Hot ) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Gorillaz f/ D-12 Album: www.gorillaz.com Song: 911 Typed by: Dazzilla@hotmail.com [Introduction] Gorillaz Back the fuck up D12 [Proof] There ain't no trouble in rock (rock) On every block (block) Late for School, Late for Work But ahead of these cops (cops) My credit is shock, in the detinate box (box) Like, people take my life and thats pathetic as Pac's (Pac's) A waste of the talent, Say my boys is just no where Placed on the planet, remain in poisonous warfare Derelict Arabic terrorists in the air Shit arrogant apparent to punish people by their heritage, Nato barriers, Hate embarrassed There is the faith to cherish In your room face to face with race awareness A race to s??? army bombin' your God is with you Calm over war, we gotta start our pistol Cause if you right and, know you right, then where's your ritious ways We sacrafice, snatch your life, many nights and days Follow me into equality we might behave And only christ can say the trife will reunite again [Kuniva] America Owns, Without a fucking care in my dome Bearin' my bones, so far away staring at home Stay at my zone, falling asleep late with my chrome Feelin' hype from these rockets burning like straightenin' in the cones Stay at the streets, bullshit and plans to beef Spray at your peeps for christmas, give a K to my neice Real nigga's feel us and fear us Gorillaz beat on they chest when Dangerous lyricist, I hope that you hear us The spirit of Bugz is still in me God bless it the trinity Cause my bullets they come in three's like trilogy's Put the knife away, missles away strike and blaze So much smoke you can't tell the difference between night and day Right away blow your life away, so light your haze Hold tight grenede's so when it blows I'm slightly grazed Kuniva might be crazed unleashin' unlikely rage The next time you hear a verse from me I might be caged Aaaahhhiyyyaaaa Ahhhayayayayay Aaaahhhiyyyaaaa Ahhhayayayayay [Bizarre] Everynight I talk to a black hawk, taking herion in bulks Watch my body hit the chalks I'm too lazy, mescalines got me crazy Rape this old lady, while the bitch was having a baby And I ain't never going home, Bizarre can for go It's cold I'll be for cyphering, right from wrong As I sit in my seat and remain calm And close my eyes and wait for the bomb (Here it comes!) *Airplane Blows Up* [Swifty] I'm gettin' the fuck on, I'm aggrivated I know I'll make it, Im in a place full of hatred Treatin' my life like a sacrred Try to check me, I break your neck Disrespect me you get injected It's hectic with some bullshit that happen You least expected We just don't accept it nigga I go ahead, lift my trigger Get rid of bitches, pay you a visit, then get your shit lit I'm a nitwit with a big dick, and big balls I don't miss shit I hit all, whoever that did this We Gonna Getch'all [Kon Artis] Yo, yo Now whether its Sadam or Bin Laden Thats been startin all this trouble for us Creepin horrors doin show after show, sleepin on the tour bus We lost Aaliyah, lost our families, it takes no Tenges You dont need us to say the world is fucked up dawgs can see it Now it seems the public needs this shit to calm its kids Cuz they findin out how you lied about your twisted sins They say we bad for you but shit our music is your friend They cant deter you from the truth cause we the helping hand [Terry Hall] We are one, and one is all We are, We are, we are one And one is all The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: 2pac f/ Eminem, Kastro, Young Noble (Outlawz) Album: Loyal to the Game Song: Black Cotton Typed by: ohojanggoon@hanmail.net * * send corrections to the typist [Intro: 2Pac] Black Cotton Black Cotton Black Cotton - A symbol for unrewarded struggle Time for a little gospel tail Ghetto gospel that is- listen Robbin' Black Cotton in God's eyes Speak [Verse One: 2Pac] Black Cotton Steady stressin' Smith and Wessons count my blessin's Class is in session the worst question is the first question Why do we work like slaves sweatin' blades to an early grave Never got paid but still we slave (In the nine tre') Answer that then answer this too- Loves gonna get ya you know it's true life's a bitch true You best to backtrack and try to act black and live Not to be phony and positive but why be negative? What's the matter G? Black cat got your tongue Fat track gotcha sprung now your hung (Do ya feel me?) Dum dum diddy is it me? Attempt to reach each and every brother on the streets If not peace then at least let's get a piece I'm tired of seeing bodies on the streets- deceased Lookin' through my highschool yearbook Reminiscin' of the tears as the years took One homie, two homie, three homies - POOF We used to have troops but now there's no more youth to shoot God come save the misbegotten Lost ghetto souls of Black Cotton (In God's eyes) [Chorus: Eminem] Nobody don't care (No matter how hard I try/Look to the sky/--?) Nobody don't care (Seems like my dreams/Drowned in by screams/No answer to my questions) Nobody don't care (Feels like I'm pressed/Why do I stress?/It's like I'm being tested) Nobody don't care (Seems like my prayers/Vanish to thin air/Please answer my questions) Nobody don't care [Kastro: Verse Two] In the belly of the beast I'm bubbling up Running out of luck, about to self destruct Old heads say live your life like such Your sure to catch her witcha one day boy I wouldn't listen to 'em Your power movement was cool But it ain't fix nothin' So I just go with what I know I don't trust none Look what the 80's did To what's Bebe's kids And now we grown up Nobody ain't own us yet [Young Noble: Verse Three] Black cotton, I'm plottin' -- I'm workin' without a profit They shacklin' all my homies I'm hurtin' but keep the mind ?? certainly we survive with Outlaw Ridas What's the reward for a strugala If the lord lovin' us then why they hate to see us comin' up Runnin up, Gun cocked like nasty gloves If you ain't got a penny, mind the glove No love Waitin' for my 40 acas and a blunt to blaze Biblicle times good hearts with milita minds Black Cotton - I'm hoppin' over enemy lines Black Cotton - I ain't stoppin' till they givin me mine Black Cotton [Chorus repeat 2x] Nobody don't care (No matter how hard I try/Look to the sky/--?) Nobody don't care (Seems like my dreams/Drowned in by screams/No answer to my questions) Nobody don't care (Feels like I'm pressed/Why do I stress?/It's like I'm being tested) Nobody don't care (Seems like my prayers/Vanish to thin air/Please answer my questions) Nobody don't care The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: 2Pac f/ Eminem Album: Loyal to the Game Song: Soldier Like Me Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [2Pac] So what I'm gonna do, hopefully, is, I wanna be.. I-I don't wanna be I +am+, Tupac Shakur {*vocal scratch: "guess who's back" - 4X*} [2Pac - repeat 4X] Everywhere I see, a soldier, a soldier Everywhere I see, a soldier like me [2Pac] Posse deep as I roll through the streets Motherfuck the police as we creep in our Jeeps Layin so low you'd think I'm asleep But at the slightest beef I'm robbin niggaz of they teeth And OPD can get the dick if they play toughy Last time them niggaz rushed me I ain't bust but now I'm touched Trust me, ain't nuttin jumpin but these buckshots A nigga's got enough knocks, I'm poppin at corrupt cops {*pow*} Them motherfuckers catch a hot one You wanted to start a problem now you coward cops have got one And there's no prison that can hold ya Motherfuck a soldier ready to roll or take control So now I jack 'em while they sleepin Roll to the door, throw a grenade in the precinct {*pin, explosion*} Some people panic, brothers bugged out I had to keep poppin cause there's no stoppin 'til they rubbed out And they vest don't protect from the head wounds Reload ammunitions and them bitches will be dead soon {*boom*} Smoke risin from the barrel of my shotty I finally got revenge now count the bodies Twenty cops, one for every year in jail Tryin to keep a nigga down but you failed Before I let you take me, I told ya Fuck bein trapped, I'm a soldier [Chorus: Eminem] I betcha that's how I got some things you ain't got that's called courage, and it don't come from no flick or bottle, it ain't scotch It's not bourbon, I don't walk around like no G cause that ain't me I'm not that person, I don't try to act like you do cause that ain't you You just burpin, you ain't [2Pac] 2Pac in the mad bitch In the six-fo' rag on them thangs, that's a bad bitch Gettin ghost on them bitches in the town Bustin out the back seat nigga when we clown Homey is you down? D got the strap and she anxious {*click*} Hurry up 'fore she spank shit {*tires peeling*} Comin 'round the corner spittin rounds, they can't hold me down Caught them sucker-ass bitches outta bounds Now tell me how that sound, a double date laced with hate Make 'em pray for the judgment day Now tell me how that sound, a double date laced with hate Make 'em pray for the judgment day - stinkin beotch! [2Pac] 2Pac [2Pac - repeat 4X] Everywhere I see, a soldier, a soldier Everywhere I see, a soldier like me The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: 40 Glocc f/ Eminem, Jayo Felony, Niqle Nut, Sun, Tip Toe, Village Boo Album: Came To Party 12" Song: (We Just) Came to Party Typed by: no1wammy@hotmail.com [Sun] Light up that marijuana Pass me the bomb Fill up my cup Fill it up with Patron Sun (Verse 1) [Sun] We just came to party And I'm feelin' good I got the Remy for any women that's feeling loose Your man grillin' and he just up on my tennis shoes I think we met, we gettin' checks like (???) You see her shinin' with diamonds, glass, a swimmin' pool All the women drool, when they see the linen jewels The way you drifted by, it really got me in the mood Take me to the room and blow me up like a inner clue [Village Boo] I just came to party Pulled up In my old school, with the naughty Valet park My shit, next to 40's Tip Toe In the Coup, he look sporty (He ridin' three piece) And I'm tryin' to leave tonight, with at least three freaks Hit the room, you know, until I skeet, skeet I hope these clowns in here ain't tryin' to start beef Cause that'll be the reason that niggas kickin' your front teeth Chorus: Eminem We just came to party We ain't comin' hear to Start shit with nobody Girl, we just wanna see ya Work that, work that, body With ya man lookin' like He, can murk somebody We just sipped a little Bit too much Bacardi He done tripped into this Cup, and spilt it on me Now, he's startin' on some Shit, this with the naughty He's about to get the Shit, kicked, (???) out of him (Verse 2) [Tip Toe] I don't got no time for these niggas that's playing games I don't take it as a diss unless you sayin' my name I'm a bad influence, I smoke weed in front of kids I crack a bottle open and ask 'em If they wanna swig I'm the bad guy that touched your wife Tip Toe ain't nothin' nice I rob Benz and still sport a gang of ice We gettin' money, we ain't trippin' off you hoe niggas Cause if we want you, we'll come show up at your show, niggas [Jayo Felony] He 'bout to get the Shit kicked the fucked out of 'em They call me Once y'all killin', the Crips is lovin' 'em I split his fuckin' Head for the pushin' and shovin' 'em So crazy I harass and embarrass him in public 'em Just sayin' Hit a stick that get a guerilla pissin' me with that is Crip I could get sick as I wanna get, cause you know I'm the shit Never sound like an amateur, I damage niggas' brains This buster Came to be a party pooper, I'm insane Repeat Chorus (Verse 3) [Niqle Nut] Got a couple of handguns, feel like my block is ready And I'm livin' it Thug Life, like I was Makaveli and Nigga, this Zoo Life, nigga, I ride for it I'll die for it and do federal time for it I'm a Inglewood nigga, just have it at any brother I ain't started gangbangin' because of my favorite color I done flip the whole brick I'm flippin' this cocaine Got socas in line, dancin' like it's Soul Train [40 Glocc] The party don't pop off, unless we pop up in it If the drama jump off, the first to dive up in it Infamous G on it, baby, Shady, Aftermath I done started my own shit, some life about to crack Bloods and Crips, they love me (I get my point across) Bang on the nigga that's phony ((???) sauce) Pick up the phone with the police And he was tryin' to kick it, but nigga's got cold feet YAH! Repeat Chorus Twice [40 Glocc] ZOO LIFE! INFAMOUS! G-UNIT! SHADY! AFTERMATH! BIOTCH! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: 50 Cent f/ Eminem, Lloyd Banks (G-Unit) Album: Get Rich or Die Tryin' Song: Don't Push Me Typed by: PDog1217@aol.com [50 Cent] I need you to pray for me (and) I need you to care for me (and) I need you to want me to win I need to know where I'm heading, 'cause I know where I've been The flow is bone crushin', it's nothin' I come up with somethin' Come through your strip, frontin', stuntin' It's something you want, 745 chrome spinners Haters hate that I'm winnin' Man I've been hot from the beginnin' Motherfuckers envy the kid, control your jealousy 'Cause I can't control my temper, I'm fittin' to catch a felony Pistol in hand homie, I'm down to get it poppin' Once I squeeze the first shot (gun shot), you know I ain't stoppin' Till my clip is empty, I'm simply Not that nigga you should try your luck with, or fuck with Hollow-tip shells struck you with your bones broken, guns smokin', still locin', what nigga, lay your ass down paramedics get you up feeling [Chorus 2X: 50 Cent] Right now I'm on the edge, so don't push me I aim straight for your head, so don't push me Fill your ass up with lead, so don't push me I got somethin' for your ass, keep thinkin' I'm pussy [Lloyd Banks] I done lost my bigger nigga, and I didn't cry To young to understand, the consequences of a man Livin' a lie, I gotta get that money I'll be damned if I'm bummy Gotta watch my back around these niggas, cause they funny  20 years, of watching my mama's tears Got my heated, heavily weeded Smoking that bong, cause I need it These niggas don't want me ballin', they want me buried Balled in the dirt, from shots flurried Layin' with bugs under my shirt I got plans to hop up in that Hummer 'Cause I'm a stunner, I sit back and wonder When them angels, gonna call my number Under my chest is a heart of a lion I ain't lying, bounty hunters got me flyin' With my iron, high as a giant I'm runnin' from nothin', my stomach is touchin', what I'm clutchin'  To give you more than a concussion, end of discussion My blood is colder, so I'm bolder Hennessey and soda, hood on my shoulder Look in the mirror, I see a soldier [Chorus 2X] [Eminem] These are my ideas This is my sweat and tears This is shit that I saw with my balls, my ears This is me, who's gotta be What you see on TV, what you hear on CD, what appears easy Man these teenie boopers see me on these magazine covers In these beanies and these rags, living fantasies Frontin' like it's all fun and games, 'til the shoot'em up bang And you see your brains hang and you see we ain't playin' Ain't sayin' we ain't layin' down at night and ain't prayin' I bullied my way in this game, man I'm done playin' Man I'm done sayin' that I'm done playin', I'm a start layin' into these motherfuckering cocksuckers There's no way I'm back down, like a god damn coward I can't, how would I look as a man, bowin' to his knees Like the mad cow disease, let somebody lash out at me And not lash back out at 'em, please Oh, whao, yo, ho, hold up, oh no, not me, not Marshall You wanna see Marshall? I'll show you Marshall I try to show you art, but you just pick it apart So I see I have to start, showin' you fuckin' old farts, A whole other side, I wanted to not show you So you know you're not dealing with some fuckin' marshmallow  Little soft yellow, punk pussy, who's heart's Jello, 'cause [Chorus 2X] Shady Aftermath nigga, G-Unit, rap juggernauts of this shit, we takin' over The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: 50 Cent f/ Eminem Album: The Massacre Song: Gatman and Robbin Typed by: Icewater_4_1999@hotmail.com, shadygsoldier@hotmail.com * * send corrections to the typist [Em] Gee wilikers Gatman they got me surrounded [50] I'm on my way [Chorus - 50 Cent & Eminem] I got a gat man There's a problem I'ma solve it A nigga movin' around With a big ass revolver and a black bat, man What the fuck are you retarded You touch Shady I'll leave you dearly departed They say Batman [50 Cent] Robin, Cagney and Lacey, it's 50 Cent and Shady The worst baby, put your hands on my people I'll react crazy Put a hole through ya front and ya back maybe But dude if you try me, I'll have ya ass hooked up to an IV I'll leave no witnesses when I ride B You fuck with me, you'll see I'll react like an animal, I'll tear you apart If a masterpiece was murder, I'd major in art Niggaz knew I wasn't wrapped too tight from start But bein' a little off, landed me on top of the charts (whoo) So you take the good with the bad, I guess Level three Teflon plate on my chest And my cock back hollow tip in the chamber Danger, anger will change ya And make ya aim that and squeeze [Chorus 50 Cent & Eminem] I got a gat man There's a problem I'ma solve it A nigga movin' around With a big ass revolver and a bat, man [Eminem] Motherfucker, you retarded you touch 50 I'll leave you dead, leave you dearly departed We're walkin' away from a beef, in which clearly you started I said we're walkin' away, did you hear me you wanna be thankful That we ain't beefin' we're still breathin' and just leave it at THAT Cause if me and 50 and G-Unit hop back in that BAT mobile It ain't gonna be no more rappin', it's gonna be BRAAAAT [gunshot sound] Retaliation will be like them muslim Shi'ite ATTACKS Some where along the line, its like me and 50 made a PACT He's got my back, I got his, back It's almost like we're kinda like Siamese twins Cause when we beef we pull each other in to the bullshit like we're conjoined at the hip It's just unavoidable some of this shit is washable And some shit will never boil up And some of it will just simmer at best If left alone, we'll let it be so there won't be no sit downs With no Ray Benzinos, there will no peace discussions with me There ain't gon' be no friendly debates over crumpets and tea Just quit fuckin' with me and I'll gladly quit fuckin' with you Just spit ya sixteen and do what you gotta do to get through Without mentionin me and the machine or Jimmy Iovine and Dre and 50 or D-Twizzie, Obie and just let it be or we'll be back with a [Chorus - 50 Cent & Eminem] I got a gat man There's a problem I'ma solve it A nigga movin' around With a big ass revolver and a bat, man What the fuck are you retarded You touch Shady I'll leave you dearly departed [Verse 3 - 50 Cent] Nigga you get it twisted, you can get ya wig splitted I don't give a fuck, I don't care if police know I did it Man I hustle, I get money, in the sunshine or a blizzard I go hard for that paper, homie I just gotta get it Got a money scheme, I'm plottin' in the county and I'm with it You cross me and you gon' make a cemetery visit That's gangsta, you know me I told it, cause I live it Shell cases drop, when that chopper chop Way up the block, get hit with copper tops When drama pop, the llama pop And it won't stop, you can run, call the cops They say no, nigga's know how I be on it That shit you got, put my pistol to you I want it Its not a game, perfect aim you feel the flame Up against ya brain, man it's so hot I'll make ya wish it rained [Chorus - 50 Cent & Eminem] I got a gat man There's a problem I'ma solve it A nigga movin' around With a big ass revolver and a bat, man What the fuck are you retarded You touch Shady I'll leave you dearly departed The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: 50 Cent f/ Busta Rhymes, Eminem Album:  Hail Mary 12" (white label) Song:   Hail Mary (Ja Rule Diss) Typed by: Sekzclusive@aol.com * * send corrections to the typist [Intro: Eminem] Makaveli, rest in peace Irv Gotti, too much Bacardi in his body Mouth like a 12 gauge shotty (feel me!)  {*starts singing chorus in background*} And this bitch said he should be The lost forgotten seed of Tupac To lead this industry into the ways of the man Follow me...! [Chorus: Eminem] Come get me If you motherfuckas want Shady If Pac was still here now He would never ride with Ja Na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na [Verse 1: Eminem] You ain't no killa, you a pussy That ecstasy done got you all emotional and mushy Bitch is wearin' rags in photos, Ja's words bein' quoted In The Source stealin' Pac's shit like he just wrote it You loudmouths, pray to God hopin' no one's listenin' See 50 comin' for me I'ma guard my, my position No one'll pay attention to me, please Gotti Here I go, give me this pill Ecstasy done got me feelin' so... invincible Now all a sudden I'm a fuckin' mad man who screams like I'm Pac But I'm not, enemies, Hennessy Actin' like I'm great, but I'm fake, I'm crazy Sweat drip get me off this trip, someone stop this train Some say my brain is all corrupted, fucked from this shit I'm stuck, I'm addicted to these drugs, I'ma quit sayin' motherfuckas names before somebody fucks me up Ain't no pussies over here partner, see you in hell, fucka [Chorus: Eminem] Come get me Motherfucka, if you want Shady If Pac was still here now He would never ride with Ja Na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na Get off that E 'Fore you try to come and fuck with me It's Aftermath here now, Shady Records got it locked La, la, la, la, la, la, la, la [Verse 2: 50 Cent] Penitentiaries is packed with promise makers Never realize the precious time that bitch niggaz is wastin' Institutionalize my bitchez bring me product by the bundles Hustle hard for my cell, G-Unit motherfucka, we ballin' Catch me countin' cheese and when I'm callin', can you accept my calls? C.O. let me sip on Hennessy, can I sip some more? Hell, I done been to jail, I ain't scared Mama checkin' in my bedroom, I ain't there I got a head with no screws in it Motherfuckas thinkin' they can stop 50, they losin' it Lil' nigga named Ja think he live like me Talkin' about he left the hospital took nine like me You livin' fantasies nigga, I reject your deposit When your lil' sweet ass gon' come out of the closet? Now he wonderin' why DMX blowed him out Next time grown folks talkin', bitch, close yo mouth Peep me, I take this war shit deeply Done seen too many real niggaz ball to let these bitch niggaz beat me Black, you's a motherfuckin' punk and you'll see me with gloves Quit scarin' them fuckin' kids with yo ugly ass mug And you can tell them niggaz you roll with whatever you want But you and I know what's goin' on Nigga payback, Tah, I know yo bitch ass from way back Witness me strap with macs, knew I don't play that All these old rappers tryina advance It's all over now, take it like a man [haha!] Irv lookin' like Larry Holmes, flabby and sick Tryina playa hate on my shit Man, eat a fat dick! Lovin' this shit, that's how you made me Feelin' like I got you niggaz crazy Uh huh, against all odds Hopin' my thug motherfuckas know This be the realest shit I ever wrote Against all odds Up in the studio gettin' blowed To the truest shit I ever spoke (Twenty-one gun salute... BITCH!) [Verse 3: Busta Rhymes] Ay yo, I been one of the most humble Reppin' streets to the core Ay Jeffrey, what the fuck you come involvin' me for? It's been a long time comin', like a blessing to check you See, 106 & Park fans don't even fuckin' respect you It's kinda funny, wanna be Pac, wanna fake like he thug Runnin' around talkin' shit that he ain't capable of Now let me off this cock sucka, watch me handle you nigga If I recall, Violator used to manage you nigga They took a closer look and realized you was an imposter There's never been a Violator on the Murder Inc. roster, dumbass Now, who shootin'? Awww, made you look! You said Bust' singin' the same old hook? You stupid! If y'all shootin', I take a look at yo man The bitch shot himself in front of Def Jam Chedda bob ass niggaz, start adjustin' yo plan You let the streets down nigga, apologize to yo fans Watched you pull a lil' stunt like we ain't know what it was Lil' faggot, desperate tryina reestablish a buzz I know the shit is drivin' you crazy, you wonderin' how The streets ain't never want you, Beatrice, whachu gonna do now? Now if you wanna beef with me, then I'm beefin' with you I think about the game and what it's like and  {*imitating Ja Rule*} "What would it be without you?" You finished, I ain't tryina repeat this Just 'cause I'm cool, you shouldn't take my kindness for weakness [Busta Rhymes talking] Oh shit... it was fun... Next time you got a problem man... Address me before you try to make the shit a public issue homey... Now I'ma return back to my regular self... And have fun again... one! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: 50 Cent f/ Eminem Album: The Lost Tape Song: Murder One Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Intro: 50 Cent] Hey what's up man? It's the kid 50 Cent man New Gangsta Grillz, "Lost Tape" man I made this joint man, made me sick man Doctor came in and said man "You got germs man You got germs from touchin too much motherfuckin money BITCH!" We gettin ready to get it goin Don't you ever forget it nigga I'm the reason why you make a mixtape, sucka [Eminem] Aiyyo Fif', I was thinkin You should go back to doin the shit you used to do [50 Cent] Murder dem, murder dem They violate I demonstrate, yeah I'll murder dem {"Gangsta Grizzillz!"} [Eminem] Aiyyo Fif', I was thinkin You should go back to doin the shit you used to do [50 Cent] Murder dem, murder dem They violate I demonstrate, yeah I'll murder dem Niggaz be frontin, word up, they stuntin 'til they hurt up Their semi talk, I'll let it buck, I'll have these niggaz runnin hard I'll pull a nigga's skirt up then have him kickin dirt up I'll get a nigga, hit a nigga back up stupid hard Silence, it's the return of the tyrant See him through my third eye with both closed eyelids Stand closer to the homie you wan' die with Flames come up out the muzzle on the shit that I spit Get murked! I'm talkin like the Feds ain't listenin Nigga this a pool of piranhas you fishin in I'll give it to a nigga if he want it Better ask niggaz 'bout me, I'll be on it I get the drop, blow at your knot, perfect plannin Hit your back with somethin hot, out the cannon [Chorus 2X: 50 Cent] It's murder one (one) It's premeditated - murder Then it's another one (one) Back to back put work in [50 Cent] You know I ain't got the strap on me Bar holdin that for me I'm fucked up, it really doesn't matter though 100 9-millimeter shells in the Calico Wait, niggaz drop like dominoes Run for your life puta, sˆ‚, vˆ°monos I was taught to treat my crew a long time ago Grew up around cocaine, yeah, even my momma know I cut a O in the fo' with seven at a time Make 400 off that, you know a nigga grind Like Cyndi Lauper bitch, +Time After Time+ A nigga shine, like a nickel-9 I been talkin to the man in the mirror Niggaz so ass they be shakin like Shakira It seems like my vision's gettin clearer See me comin with the hammer out, death is gettin near ya It's funny how niggaz never hear ya 'til ya run down on 'em; gun down on 'em [Outro: 50 Cent] Yeah, startin to feel like the old me! Ha ha The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: 50 Cent f/ Adam Levine, Eminem Album: Street King Immortal Song: My Life Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  "S1 got the heat!" [Adam Levine] My, yeah, yeah, mm [Chorus: Adam Levine] My life, my life Makes me wanna run away But there's no place to go-ohh-ohh No place to go-ohh-ohh And all the confusion, it's an illusion Like a movie, I got nowhere to go Nowhere to run and hide No matter how hard I try, hey [50 Cent] Yeah, '03 I went from back filthy to filthy rich Man they emotions change so I could never trust a bitch I tried to help niggaz get on, they turned around and spit right in my face so Game and Buck both can suck a dick Now when you hear 'em it may sound like it's some other shit Cause I'm not writin anymore, they not makin hits I'm far from perfect, there's so many lessons I done learned If money's evil look at all the evil I done earned I'm doin what I'm supposed to, I'm a writer, I'm a fighter, entrepreneur Fresh out the sewer, watch me maneuver, what's it to ya? The track I lace it, it's better than basic This is my +Recovery+, my comeback kid [Eminem] While you were sipping your own Kool-Aid getting your buzz heavy I was in the fuckin shed sharpenin my machete Sippin on some of that revenge juice, getting my taste buds ready to wolf down this spaghetti, or should I say this spa-GET-EVEN! Think you fuckin meatballs keep on just for-getting Thought he was finished, motherfucker it's only the be-ginning He's buggin again, he's straight thuggin, fuck who he's offending He'll rip your vocal cords out and have them bitches plugged in the motherfuckin wall with 3,000 volts of electricity Now take the other end, dump them then plug them motherfuckers in each one of your eye sockets cause I thought you might finally fuckin see That'll teach you to go voicin your cocksuckin opinion to me! I done put my blood, my sweat and my tears in this shit, FUCK letting up You're gonna end up regretting you ever betted against me Feels like I'ma snap any minute, yeah it's happening again And I'm thinkin about the same, motherfuck everybody that's up in this bitch BUT 50! Cause this is all I know, this is why so hard I go Swear to God I put my heart and soul into this more than anybody KNOWS! I'm trapped so all I do is rap, but every time I rap I'm more trapped And I rap myself right into this bubble, uh-oh guess it's bubble wrap It's like a vicious cycle, my life is in a crisis Christ, how was I supposed to know shit would turn out like it did Feels like I'm goin +Psycho+ again, and I might just blow my lid Shit I almost wish that I would've never made "Recovery" kid Cause I'm runnin in circles with [50 Cent] I haven't been this fuckin confused since I was a kid Sold like 40 million records, people forgot what I did Maybe this is for me maybe, maybe I'm supposed to go crazy Maybe I'll do it +3 a.m.+ in the mornin like Shady +Psycho+ killer, Michael Myers, I'm on fire, liar liar Tryin to say this ain't classic get your ass kicked mad quick Wrap your head up in plastic, pussy now pick a casket Dirt nap with the maggots, it's tragic, it's sad it's never gonna end, now we #1 again with that frown on your face and your heart full of hate Accept it, respect it, this a gift, God-given like the air in the lungs of e'ry fuckin thing livin The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: 50 Cent f/ Eminem Album: Get Rich or Die Tryin' Song: Patiently Waiting Typed by: epicballa@aol.com * * send corrections to the typist Hey Em, you know you my favorite white boy, right? I, I owe you for this one [Chorus: 50 Cent] I been patiently waiting for a track to explode on (Yeah!) You can stunt if you want and ya ass'll get rolled on (It's Fifty!) If it feels like my flow has been hot for so long (Yeah!) If you thinking I'm a fuckin fall off ya so wrong (It's Fifty!) [50 Cent] I'm innocent in my head, like a baby born dead Destination heaven Sittin politic with passengers from nine eleven The Lord's blessins leave me lyrically inclined Shit I ain't even got to try to shine God's the seamstress that tailor fitted my pain I got scriptures in my brain I could spit at yo dame Straight out the good book, look, niggas is shook Fifty fear no man, Warrior, swingin swords like Conan Picture me, pen in hand writin lines knowin the Source'll quote it When I die, they'll read this and say a genius wrote it I grew up without my pops, should that make me bitter? I caught cases I copped out, does that make me a quitter? In this white man's world, I'm similar to a squirrel Lookin for a slut wit a nice butt to get a nut If I get shot today my phone'll stop ringin again These industry niggas ain't friends, they know how to pretend [Chorus] - repeat 2X [Eminem] If ya patiently waitin to make it through all the hatin Debatin whether or not you can even weather the storm Unless you lay on the table they operatin to save you It's like an angel came to you sent from the heavens above They think they crazy but they ain't crazy, let's face it Shit basically they just playin sick They ain't shit, they ain't sayin shit, spray em' fifty A to the K get in the way I'll bring Dre and them wit me And turn this day into fuckin mayhem, you stayin wit me? Don't let me lose you, I'm not tryna confuse you When I let loose wit this uzi and just shoot through your Isuzu You get the messege? Am I gettin through to you? You know what's comin, you motherfuckers don't even know, do you? Take some Big and some Pac and you mix em' up in a pot Sprinkle a little Big L on top, what the fuck do you got? You got the realest and illest killas tied up in a knot The juggernauts of this rap shit, like it or not It's like a fight to the top just to see who'd die for the spot You put ya life in this, nothin like survivin a shot Y'all know what time it is, soon as fifty signs on this dot Shit what you know about death threats, cause I get a lot Shady Records was eighty seconds away from the towers Them cowards fucked wit the wrong building, they meant to hit ours Better evacuate all children, its nuclear showers There's nothin spookier Ya now about to witness the power of fuckin fifty [50 Cent] If the gun spark I'll hear all of the shots go off It's fifty, they say it's fifty See a nigga layed out wit his fuckin top blown off It's fifty, man that wasn't fifty Don't holla my name You shouldn't throw stones if you live in a glass house And if you got a glass jaw you should watch yo mouth Cause I'll break yo face Have yo ass runnin, mumblin to the jake You goin ‘gainst me dog, you makin a mistake, I'll split ya Leave ya lookin like the Michael Jackson jackets wit all them zippers I'm the boss on this boat, you can call me skipper The way I turn the money over, you should call me flipper Yo bitch a regular bitch, you callin her wifey I fucked and feed her fast food, you keeping her icey I'm down to sell records but not my soul Snoop said this in ninety four, “We don't love them hoes” I got pennies for my thoughts now I'm rich See the twenties spinnin lookin mean on the six Niggas wearin flags cause the colors match they clothes They get caught in the wrong hood, they get filled up wit holes [Chorus] - repeat 2X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: 50 Cent f/ Eminem Album: Curtis Song: Peep Show Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com [50 Cent] When you're breakin it down, keep breakin it down This is what it sounds like, when I'm breakin it down Yeah I'm breakin it down Man this is what it feels like, when I'm breakin it down When you're breakin it down, keep breakin it down It's not my fault c'mon, it's not my fault I'm hot man! It's not my fault c'mon, it's not my fault 'Til the sun comes up, every night (c'mon) We party and we party 'til daylight We be gettin it in, c'mon we gettin it in Lil' Hennessy, a lil' juice and gin It's not a fantasy (nah) it's not pretend We gon' do it, we gon' do it, we gon' do it again 'Til the sun comes up, every night We party and we party 'til daylight I shouldn't have to tell you shorty you should know I'm really really gettin into your freak show You give me a little baby then I'ma want mo' O.D.B. said it, "I like it raw!" Exotic erotic we're movin on the floor Enough to make a nigga lose control I'm down to go wherever you wan' go You got a man, I keep it on the low I do my thing you know I gets my dough I got a few stacks me and you could blow We headed to the hotel after the show I know how to romance you be my private dancer [Chorus: 50 Cent] On your mark, get set girl now here we go Racin off to see yo' peep show It turn me on to see you on the flo' When you're breakin it down, keep breakin it down Ready or not shorty now here I come Shake that thing girl now back it up Work it, work it girl you turn me on When you're breakin it down, keep breakin it down [50 Cent] They say I'm not the same it's cause I'm filthy mayne I'm off the chain, I don't play no games I'm hustlin hard homie I do my thang You fuck with the paper then watch the hammer go bang Now shorty I like the way she move them hips I'm tryin to get her in my bedroom and shit We could take a long time or get it done quick We can camcord this shit make a boom-boom flick It's oh so many places that we can go I really want you shorty, shorty now you should know Girl your body's callin me, hear you loud and clear We ain't got to leave now we can do it right here [50 Cent] The way you move (the way you move) You make me lose (you make me lose) All control (all control) I know you know (I know you know) You're so seductive you make me wanna touch it I ain't got to tell you, you know I wanna fuck you I'm feelin your style, you better watch me now My tongue'll be in your mouth, my hands'll be in your blouse When you get me aroused you put a spell on me Man if I can't have you I'ma go crazy I want you bad now and if you want me Girl come to me now, I said come to me now [Eminem] Come to me now, you don't come to me now Apple in your mouth, tackled on the couch Shackled in the house, I'll be back in about 20 minutes or less, with my Hannibal mask So when you wiggle around and giggle in that cage I knew I couldn't wait to get you off that stage From the moment I met you had to let you know I just wanted to get you through my bedroom do' You makin me feel like I'm in middle school still You squeal like a little girl, you're pitiful, chill We gon' fuck, I just popped this little blue pill You can leave but wait, I gotta shit on you still {*phbbt*} I shouldn't have to say it shorty you should know I hope you really gettin into my creep show Let me shit on your chest and if some pee comes out Just guzzle it down, just guzzle it down [50 Cent] It's not my fault c'mon, it's not my fault I could break it down, it's not my fault c'mon, it's not my fault Can you break it down? It's not my fault c'mon, it's not my fault I can break it down, it's not my fault c'mon, it's not my fault Can you break it down? It's not my fault c'mon The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: 50 Cent & Eminem Album: Before I Self Destruct Song: Psycho Typed by: Gemini_20502K@Yahoo.com, kirenamloh@msn.com [Intro: 50 Cent] I can hear your heartbeat you're scared yeah yeah I hear feel your heartbeat, you're scared I can hear your heartbeat you're scared yeah yeah I hear feel your heartbeat, you're scared [Chorus: 50 Cent & Eminem] You see I'm a psycho (Psycho) A sicko (A sicko) I'm crazy (I'm crazy) I said I got my knife boy (Knife boy) I'll kill you (I'll kill you) If you make me (If you make me) They wanna see my shot up (Shot up) Locked up (Locked up) Then cage me (Then cage me) I come back bigger (Bigger) Stronger (Stronger) And angry (And angry) [Verse One: 50 Cent] Yeah! Look look I come from a different crew you fuck with me I'll get to you A clip or two I'll cripple you just cause I ain't got shit to do Pistol pop a pussy drop, drama never ever stop Eenie meenie mini moe, Nine, Trey pound or Forty fo' Pick a strap then take the Mac the Hawk I stab it in your back I'll blow your brains I know your name and where you rest I make a mess The hollow tips will hit your chest you cough up blood till EMS Come pick you up you know your fucked when you get on the stretcher Cause I come into ICU to see you off to Heaven The system I done been through it there's nothin new done to me They lock me up they let me out you seen this in the movies The criminals be criminals while they up in corrections They come home get a Nine then commit crime in perfection It's murder one they found a gun now they doin ballistics But they can't find a fingerprint the shit's goin terrific Get so close on your target that it's really hard to miss it  [Verse Two: Eminem] Man these are average raps, I'm keepin the savage batch hidden The can of whoop ass with the Shady/Aftermath clique You pop off the top, it's like openin vats of acid Beat the Octomom to death with Cabbage Patch Kid Attack a snatch yeah there's somethin to jack a batch in Impregnated then chewed up the embryo sack with Mac-10s' Triplets, quadruplets, and a couple of back-to-back twins That fetus is fallin out all over, Jack is back again The Ripper's at your service, girl I can see that you're nervous But I barely scratch the surface, llke my last batch of girlfriends That I buried in my fuckin backyard, still tryin to dig their way out I foam like an attack dog, how late you wanna stay out? It's past your curfew when it's dark, I'm searchin for you in the park Shady murdered him another virgin, he just hit his mark He met his quota for the month, they found Dakota all rolled up Inside a bag, he probably dragged the body for about a block Disappeared without a trace, no DNA, no not a drop 'Cause me and Dre and 50 we will never get caught by the cops CSI, they hate us but they gotta give a lot of props The drama pops, grab the butcher knife from off the counter tops [Chorus: 50 Cent] [Verse Three: Eminem] Yeah, I'm as ill as can be My appeal is to serial killers what a pill is to me Killin' so villainously Still as maniacal on the night goin psycho as Michael Myers  You know what we're like on the muthafuckin mic, so try us  and you're gonna find out what the fuck we're like with pliers [Verse Four: 50 Cent] It's operation time they got him hooked up the wires Squeezin me bleedin wheezin breathin he half dead He must ain't know but now he know how Shady the Math is Even murderous tactics get better with practice Led showers, gun powder, feel the talons burn burn!!! School of arts, truly y'all, you better learn learn!!! [Verse Five: Eminem] Chris Reeves in his grave, yeah homie, turn turn I'm debatin, mutilatin the lady You've been waitin for Shady and Fif, ain't no duplicatin it, baby There's a baby in the dryer, there's a torso in the washer I think it might even belong to Portia when I tossed her Arms and legs in the garbage, 'cause the rest of her, I lost her Her head is in the disposal with Jessica's I squashed her I put her on the ringer and hung her over the wash tub [Verse Six: 50 Cent] When I'm through with Ricky It'll be blood that he'll cough up The hard rock I'll soft up get caught up and get washed up In Detroit or Norfolk witness this shit end up nautious Look deep in my eye see many many men die I swing gemstars faster than Samurai The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: 50 Cent f/ Eminem, Notorious B.I.G. Album: To All My Niggas 12" Song: To All My Niggas (Remix) Typed by: mike_puertorico02@yahoo.com * * send corrections to the typist [Intro] I love niggas! I love niggas! Cause niggas are me! And I should only love that 'presents me I love to see niggas go through changes (Whoooo!!) I love to see niggas shoot through shit (Did it again) And to all niggas that do it I love [B.I.G.] To all my Brooklyn (Niggas!) To all my Uptown (You niggas understand?!) To all my Bronx (It's war nigga) To all my Queensbridge (I'll blow you away) [Verse One: Notorious B.I.G.] Back up chump, you know Biggie Smalls grips it quick And kicks it quick, you know how black niggas get With the hoods fatigues with the boots with trees Smokin weed, flippin ki's, makin crazy G's Hittin' buckshots at niggas that open spots On the avenue, take my loot, and I'm baggin you Pimpin hoes that drive Volvo's and Rodeos Flash the Roll, make her wet, in her pantyhose Damn, a nigga style is unorthodox Grip the glock, when I walk down the crowded blocks Just in case a nigga wanna act out I just black out, and blow they motherfuckin back out That's real [Chorus: 50 Cent - repeat 2X] We the realest nigga 50 Cent and B.I.G. my nigga Don't try to act like you don't feel a nigga Biggie yo nigga, 50 yo nigga Squeeze the trigga' leave a nigga fa' sho! [Verse Two: Notorious B.I.G.] When we smoke spliffs, we pack four-fifths Just in case dread wanna riff He get a free lift to the cemetary, rough very Not your ordinary, we watch you get buried That's a real nigga for ya Get mad do a quarter flip the script, and rip your lawyer Spit at the D.A. cause fuck what she say She don't give a fuck about your ass anyway Up North found first stop Watertown Of fist-skill, where the hand skills are real ill You'll be a super Hoover doo-doo stain remover Ha hahhh, yo Chief, pass the Buddha [Verse Three: 50 Cent] When I was young my M.O. was to go hand-to-hand And even my P.O. she called me the Ginger Bread Man I catch a new case, and tell her ass "catch me if you can" Don't let your people fill you up wit octane I'm not playing Get gassed up to get blast up Real B.I.G. style watch the kid break it down Check it, thou shalt not fuck wit North C. Papa 50 Cent, I'll break yo ass off propa' There's no place like home, New York - New York I run this city, I don't dance around like Diddy Niggas is giddy, till they act smack silly Or spray wit the Mack Milly, they don't want drama really Pussy niggas get hard lip syncing my lyrics like Milly Vanilly Even the hood they feel me {*gun cocked*} hah! I'm on fire! Niggas out in Philly they feel me, they bump my shit Every bootlegger you know, bump my shit, bitch! The Invasion! (Invasion yeah) Green Lantern! the infiltration, we comin'! (yeah) [Bridge: Eminem] I got 50 Cent, I got G-Unit D-Tweezy in this bitch, wit Obie Trice! So watch what you say, 'fore you call our name Cause you say one more thing and it won't be nice! [Verse Four: Eminem] Whoa, here we go, I shoulda known I was bound to get pulled into some bullshit Sooner or later you little haters Are too jealous of us to love us You hate it G-Unit made it and Obie's coming D-Tweezy's coming you're sick to your stomach 50 percent of it's 50 cent The other 50 percent of it's who's color of skin it is But if you even considerin' taking our label down You better find our building and fly a fucking plane into it But I ain't trying to get too intricate into it I'm just trying to you give you a little hint for your own benefit Cause then it's gonna get to the point Where it escalates to some other shit Then I'm a flip, then I'm a get to "Stomping in my Air Force Ones" But you won't be able to tell If it's two pairs or it's one It's just gonna feel like so many feet kicking you You'd think Nike just made these into cleats in this shoe I don't know what it is or what it could be But I get a woody when these pussies try to push me Thinking they gonna put me in a position to pickle me Y'all tickle me pink I think I'd just rather have Pink tickle me Hickory dickory dock, tickety tock tickety A little bit of the diggedy doc diggedy Mixed with a little bit of the {*Eminem vocal scratch*} Wit a pinch of Biggie Look at me, I'm just the bomb diggedy [Chorus: Eminem] We the realest label Don't try to act like you don't feel our label Cause we gon' fuck around and kill your label Obie, D-Tweezy, G-Unit, 50, Shady records We the label fa' sho! We the realest label Don't try to act like you don't feel our label Cause we gon' fuck around and steal your paper Obie, D-Tweezy, G-Unit, 50, Shady records We gon' kill your label fa' sho! [Eminem] Shady in the place to be see And I got what it takes to +Roc The Mic+ right! Still watch what you say to me punk Cause I'm off probation in less than six months {*gun cocked*} [Outro] Haha, Shady Records Still Aftermath, and don't think we don't Hear you motherfuckers talkin'! Cause we do and we see y'all We just gon' sit back for a minute While I see what the FUCK y'all do The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Akon f./ Eminem Album: Konvicted Song: Smack That Typed by: ghost44@hotmail.com [Akon] Shady Convict Upfront Akon Slim Shady I see the one, because she be that lady! Hey! I feel you creeping on, I can see from my shadow Wanna jump up in my Lamborghini Gallardo Maybe go to my place and just kick it like TaeBo And possibly bend you over look back and watch me Smack that all on the floor Smack that give me some more Smack that 'till you get sore Smack that oh-oooh! [repeat Chorus] Upfront style ready to attack now Pull in the parking lot slow with the lac down Convicts got the whole thing packed now Step in the club now and wardrobe intact now! I feel it down and cracked now (ooh) I see it dull and backed now I'm gonna call her, than I pull the mack down Money no problem, pocket full of that now! I feel you creeping on, I can see from my shadow Wanna jump up in my Lamborghini Gallardo Maybe go to my place and just kick it like TaeBo And possibly bend you over look back and watch me [Chorus] - 2X [Eminem] Ooh...Looks like another club banger They better hang on when they throw this thing on Get a lil drink on They gonna flip for this Akon shit You can bank on it! Pedicure medicure kitty-cat claws The way she climbs up and down them poles Looking like one of them putty-cat dolls Trying to hold my woodie back through my draws Steps upstage didn't think I saw Creeps up behind me, shes like "yoo" I'm like ya I know lets cut to the chase No time to waste back to my place Plus from the club to the crib it's like a mile away Or more like a palace, shall I say Plus I got pal if your gal is game In fact he is the one singing the song that's playing "Akon!" [Akon] I feel you creeping on, I can see from my shadow Wanna jump up in my Lamborghini Gallardo Maybe go to my place and just kick it like TaeBo And possibly bend you over look back and watch me Eminem is rollin', d and 'em rollin' bo And all marvelous them rolling Women just holding big booty rollin' Soon I'll be on Eminem throwing "D!" Hitting on less than "Three!" Block wheel style like "Whee!" Girl I can tell you want me because lately I feel you creeping on, I can see from my shadow Wanna jump up in my Lamborghini Gallardo Maybe go to my place and just kick it like TaeBo And possibly bend you over look back and watch me The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Alchemist f/ Eminem Album: Chemical Warfare Song: Chemical Warfare Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Eminem] You are now, listening, to the sounds of Shady, and Alchemist Alchemist, Alchemist Got an axe and a duffle bag, couple of fags stuffed in the backseat, muzzled and gagged Wrapped in bubble-wrap two lesbians up, couple Hustler mags And I grab a Pez dispenser, fill it up to the max with muscle relaxers, the governor of Alaska She loves when I ask her, shove my Polaski sausage up in her ass, huh, while we hover over Nebraska shooting at the fuckin buffalo pasture in the helicopter, man I can't fuck her no faster She's screamin "Grab my titties, Shady suck on those bastards" But I ain't no sucker, I won't snuggle up with her after I'm a gigolo, but y'all look like a juggalo rapper Every day man I just seem to get a little bit doper Shit, back down, man I'd rather lick on a scrotum And eat the fuckin Octo-mom's pussy lips with some okra while I watch, Whoopi Goldberg, sizzle with Oprah While Rosie pussy-farts and takes a piss on the sofa Get a boner, and play dick-swords with the Jonas Brothers; your motherfuckin mother's aroma's like no other, I keep thinkin of her smothered in Somas It's chemical warfare, drop bombs like Saddam I'm bringin the drama, like Barack Obama Playin Rock 'Em Sock 'Em Robots with the Octo-momma I'm vato loco homie, I cock those llamas For chemical warfare The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Bad Meets Evil (Eminem, Royce the 5-9) Album: Scary Movies 12" Song: Scary Movies Typed by: rapforum@hotmail.com, OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash "What's your favorite scary movie?" [Em]	Yo, Slim Shady! [R5]	Yo, Royce 5-9 [Em]	Y'all wanna make a movie? [R5]	What.. [Em]	We got the film right here [Royce] What? Yeah I'm one of them pretty rappers Buck if I really hafta, I really slap ya King of Detroit who they namin the city after (what?) Scandalous partners, whose grammar hammers the hard shit into your heart with, content, yo who wanna start with experts, Bad and Evil is comin soon MC's get stuck, head first back in they mother's womb This shit is written, in my eyes I'm the illest MC spittin (what?) Leavin all of you cats shittin kittens I gotta diss you, my niggaz be cockin pistols Shot and split you, fuck splittin the profits with you (what?) Six percent, of y'all niggaz is just pretend Clicks with clits, pussy niggaz stink with dicks (what?) Niggaz act bully, and blast for the fast penny My auto is fully, plenty of niggaz packin semi Speak darts; yo you get paid? Rhymin about it is the sweet part You can't be street smart with a cheap heart Five Nine, a street nigga with deep feelin (what?) I keep illin, my steez willin to keep killin (what?) Fuck rap, a lot of y'all all is just acts Trust that - you rhyme all wack on rough tracks Bust and then we all black when you get bust back at Fuck that, you get blast at, you get laughed at And I'ma spit thunder (what?) stick to my guns Niggaz is finished before they gimmicks, one-hit wonders What? Big balls, that's why when I spit, your clique stalls I'ma pit bull, I'm just dog, I'm just raw (what?) Split y'all, holla, "It's on!" Then I diss y'all All of y'all niggaz get pissed on claimin you pissed off Chorus: Eminem and Royce (repeat 2X) Y'all want drama? Wanna make a scary movie? Rappers comin in with they team and carry toolies You can jump right out of the screen and barely move me We hard-hittin, directin and starrin in it [Eminem] The one man on the planet that'll drive off of the Grand Canyon Hop out of a Grand Am and land in it handstandin Any man plannin to battle will get snatched out of his clothes so fast it'll look like an invisible man standin I'm headed for Hell, I'd rather be dead or in jail Bill Clinton, hit this (here) and you better inhale Cause any MC that chooses to go against me is gettin takin advantage of like Monica Lewinksy (Leave me alone!) Came home in a frenzy, pushin a ten speed Screamin to Aunt Peg (AUNT PEG!!!!) with three spokes stickin out of my pant leg Fuck a headache, give me a migraine  Damnit I like pain (AHH!) and you should be anywhere that a mic ain't You rap knowin you wack You act up and I'm throwin you down a flight of steps then I'm throwin you back up em If they don't like the track, fuck em The rap struck em harder then gettin hit by a Mack truck and then backed up on And any half-assed known rapper to trespass better be ready for the second Celebrity Deathmatch (Ding! Ding!) So tell the medic to bring the medication and quickly (Hurry up man!) I'm sicker than a Tupac dedication to Biggie I'm free-fallin feet first out of a damn tree to stampede your chest 'til you can't breathe And when I'm down to my last breath I'ma climb the Empire State Building and get to the last step and still have half left Chorus [Em]	Bad.. the bad.. [R5]	Uhh, when the bad meets the bad.. yo.. [Em]	The evil [R5]	Take the evil with the evil [Em]	Put em together [R5]	What? Nine-nine [Em]	Two times.. Slim Shady.. Royce the Five Nine The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Big Kap + Funkmaster Flex f/ Dr. Dre, Eminem Album: The Tunnel Song: If I Get Locked Up Typed by: HieloOat@aol.com [Dr. Dre] Check Check, 1,2 , 1,2 1,2(it's rolling) Yea yea yea Dr. Dre up in here Y'all know what this is. its what y'all been waiting for Funk Master Flex, Big Kap, Def Jam Records giving it to you baby. Yo Eminem show these mother fuckers what time it is baby [Eminem] I used to be a lonely man, only mad, until I got a million dollars, shit Now if i only had some fucking hair I'd pull it, faster than a bullet out of Tupac's chest before the ambulance came too late to do it I'm trying to grow it back again, it was an accident I had my back against the fan and chopped it off in Amsterdam I hate the straight jacket it aint latching, and can't lock it so they stapled my hand to my pants pockets The cell's padded and battered like someone else had it before me, and just kept throwing they fucking selfs at it My head is aching, I'm dedicated to medication but this med is taking to long to bring me this sedadation? (Come on!) Anyway I got down with Dre (What up?)  The first man who taught me how the glock sounded to spray Running up and down the street screaming, "Fuck the Police" when you still had your mother's fucking Nipple stuck in your teeth (fucking baby) Became a role model after Colorado Now all they do is follow me around and holla Bravo! Hell yea I punch my bitch and beat my kids in public Suck my dick, bitch I'm sick enough to fuck a man in his face but I won't cause you'll probably wanna stand in his place So put a sock in it, with your fake-ass Tupac image You faggots ain't tough, you just get drunk and become talkative (Wanna Fight?) I'm probably the akwardest alcoholic talking Walking like a midget with a ladder in his back pocket So when you see me on your block stumbling, mumbling A bunch of dumb shit like my drunk uncle does I ain't buzzed, I'mm juss high on life So why on earth would I need drugs, when I can fly on kites? Motherfuckers, Slim Shady Dr Dre: Dr Dre! Eminem: I'm drunk pass the tec Chorus: Eminem and Dr. Dre (repeat 2X) Cause if I get locked up tonite! Then I might not come home tonite! [Dre]	Keep it moving! Off and on, Eminem is on 	Off and on, Dr. Dre is On [Eminem] The whole entire world can sit and twirl like a whirling tire I set a fucking girl on fire with a curling iron (AHH!) Psych I'm just joking, for christ sake Dont get so bent out of shape  cause I went out and raped six girlfriends Some people just don't get it, but I won't let it upset me cause they don't know better They don't know what the fuck its like to be so fed up and fed so many uppers you're down and won't get up My mind's got a mind of it's own, sometimes I can't find it at home it hides in the stove (Hello, where you at?) Shit, talk about your brain being baked My shit's still in the oven on 480 De-Grades Hailey Jade, daddy loves you baby, Don't ever tell me how to raise my daughter fuck you lady You critics wanna criticize but couldnt visualize individuals lives through a criminal's eyes The neighborhood that I grew up in you could die for nothing and Dirty Dozen watches over me so try some dumb shit I'll have a fucking man raped with a band-aid over his mouth and shove his head in the fan blade Don't ever tell me what I can and what I can't say or change cause of the age range in my fan base Like I give a fuck who's buying this shit Quit fucking buying it, I'm tired bitch, I'm dying to quit Hip Hop is universal now, it's all commercial now It's like a circle full of circus clowns up in the circuit now But now the white kids like it, so they tell me I can buy it but as soon as I get on the mic it's like the night get silent either that or booed, thats why I keep an attitude and go to sleep with it and wake up with it every afternoon I'm sick of being judged, fuck it let me see a judge I'll confess to every murder I committed since 3 years old Chorus [Dr. Dre] Fuck that, turn that shit off Let's get the fuck out of here You know how we do (echo) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Bizarre f/ Eminem Album: Hannicap Circus Song: Hip Hop Typed by: blizarfd@sbu.edu [Intro: Bizarre] Yeah...huh...(hip hop, hip hop, hip hop) Turn my mic up a little bit (hip hop) Hit some of this Cali guido(hip hop) Listen to some muthafuckin'... (hip hop) Everybody got a little story they gotta tell Niggaz ain't heard my shit...hahaha The life of Bizarre...what! [Verse 1: Bizarre] Hip hop, that's the way of life (Word?) If you think you're nice, then go grab the mic (Grab it!) Let me tell you my story, 'cause everybody got one Grab a pen and pad and start to jot some Always told myself that I would never be losin' Man I ain't had no hood, my mother was always movin' (Damn!) From Detroit to Texas, Texas to Detroit (C'mon!) God damn, Mama, what's the point? (the fuck?) So I would go in my room and pack my little bags (Aughh!) Jump in the truck with my step-dad When I was ten years old, I started to feel the hunger Got a little older, man, the force got stronger (Yeah!) And me and my rap partner wasn't seein' eye to eye So he picked up and started a group with some other guys (Haha) This is hip hop...man, I won't stop Yo Big Boi (What up?) Gimme a beatbox *beatbox* Hip hop, hip hop Hip hop Hip hop Hip hop [Verse 2: Bizarre] From the hip hop shop to Maurice Malone (Uh-huh) Ten years later, I'm still in the zone (Word?) 7 Mile and ??? where a star was born (Yeah!) United we stand, divided we swore (D-12!) And hell yeah, I lived in my car (Yeah!) Bitch, I was homeless, I would have slept in a jar (Hahahaha) And Dirty Management, I wish all the best But me and my niggas, we had to do what's best (That's right) It was a mess, all them taxes and accounts (What?) Checks started to bounce, niggas couldn't buy an ounce (Hell yeah) And now that we platinum, they diss our name (What?) Like we won't go to the car and get them thangs And beef, sometimes you don't have a choice To the fight with Whitey Ford to the beef with Royce (What?!) To the Ja Rules, Benzinos, and niggas in the club To the e-dubs and niggas you ain't heard of And man, I don't know how to use a gun (Naw) But I'll learn quick if the fuckin' beef come! [Verse 3: Eminem] Man, I thought this was supposed to be hip hop, hip hop I'd rather be fishin' in flip flops, flip flops Or cross over to country like Kid Rock, did, I Can't see no country singers beefin' over some guitar Riff that Willie Nelson lifted from Bob Seger  When I was younger I was so eager To have a gun I would do the same Couldn't wait to get to the shootin' range Me and my man Goofy Gary just tryin' to let loose some steam Muthafuckas laughin' 'cause I couldn't aim So I'd pull the fuckin' target closer and just shoot the thang I used to have this theory: keep three bullets in the gun It was a mandatory year up here in Michigan For each bullet if you got no CCW license I tried to apply for one, they said it'd take 5-6 months What the fuck am I supposed to do mean time when rivals come? Hide that sumbitch in the glovebox or inside the trunk Now, back to what my three-bullet theory was I'm triple platinum, I ain't tryin' to catch no murder one Figured I'd shoot to wound, probably miss with at least one But them other two gon' fuck his shoulder and his kneecap up Then I'ma say it's self defense, how come I had the gun Was because I was at the range, on my way back from This dude approached me on some bullshit I'd get a year for each bullet at the most As opposed to havin' a full clip in that That was my idiotic logic, it was basically for safety But it gave me power, and it made me crazy And psychotic, I just got retarded once I got it Thank God it was empty the night that I got caught with it What the fuck, man I thought that it was supposed to be... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Bizarre f/ D12 Album: Hannicap Circus Song: Nuthin at All Typed by: jto_14@hotmail.com * * send corrections to the typist [Swift] My .44 be giving lyposuctions I blow a hole through your stomach open it up you'll be spillin your own guts I'm a mad man, a walking trash can You get beat with my bear hands, fuck a last chance A macmilly will smack you silly The epitemy of what really can be the definition of misery I'm never missing im hittin it I murder mittiney, ??? thumpin and puncturing kidney They put a nigga on "Ripley's", bitches I ain't working I'm on sick leave I take your ability to breathe (nigga) What a nigga need is a millimeter to eat Have'em kissing a millipeed or in the street [Bizarre] In a fight, I'm first to throw a brick First to load the clip, first to talk shit But the last one to split, when the shit get thick Stupid bitch get hit with the 4.5th I'm a Ex-??? who fought in Vietnam Every night I'm thinking about a bomb (oh shit) My dick so many places, all I do is laugh Big hoes, fat hoes even baby giraffes I'm On "Fear Factor" eatin worms and broccoli Tomato, Mustard, mixed with Guatamali Strated a group with Flava Flav "The funny Pack" I dj and scratch while he smoke crack [Chorus: Kon Artis] Now who want it with (us) Please don't forget (that) If you don't it up we taking it Cuz we don't want y'all to get it twisted at all D12 don't give a fuck about Nothing At All Now who fucking with (us) Please don't forget (that) If you don't give it up we takin it back And We don't y'all to get twisted at all D12 don't give a fuck about nothing at aaaaaaaaaaaall [Kuniva] I'm sure ya moma told you, nigga that drugs kill (yeah) If karma doesn't catch up with you then slugs will Now everybody saying they real and they hug steal (fo' real) 'Till they find'em layin dead in this tub with blood spill all over the floor, carpet to wall, i'm talking to y'all you can call your peoples my nigga i'm sparking'em all Barking at dogs that's bitin for real, starvin and fightin for meal bizarre got viking and pills Swift And Denaun ain't likely to chill they hot headed You a bitch yeah I said it I bet if god let it happen then it's over Kuniva's out of his will (yeah) I just shot up his crib and Knock the snot outta his kids [Kon Artis] Mr. Porter, Brigade, sideways to next life You in the way and you subject to be one with this knife I ??? For Bitches life Straight ??? Surgery y'all run to emergency with an achin urgency Yeah I'm nice, common courtesy Escourt you to the imfermary 7 mile, Ruyon ave. 'Till they straoght up bury me You expect us to believe that you scrap and the it cost When you ??? a 44 dog you lost And ain't talking 'bout a doggy loss I'm Talking about a Fuckin puppy when i'm sayin 'bout a doggy loss I scatter cries when I'm haulin off mozzeltov a nigga'll cross his head with a bottle of Scotch [Proof] Don't get it twisted nigga we here nigga Who ever said Scrapping isn't a sport Got me and bizzy in court, shadowboxing an invisible assault Proof gon give it to ya raw like O.D.B. Homey please who better than D-twease and Obie .T (Shady) Phony G's walkin and talkin, Never cocking a cock gun Macauly Caulkin, actors we droppin ya coffins When my mac speak, you have an R.I.P. list Tatted So ??? from ya neck to ya ass cheek And actually when murderers ??? my glock ??? Your life is like fat people legs it's not needed Se how high P is, Steamin in the snow like how P is D12 we got this biatch The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Bizarre f/ Big Boi, Devin the Dude, Mr. Porter Album: Hannicap Circus Song: Porno Bitches Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Chorus: Mr. Porter] Now ever since I was a young boy I would fall for women like you And even now that I'm a grown man I'm still in love with the tricks that you can do (I still love the tricks you do) I'm used to women think it's nasty That's they opinion but that ain't my point of view (That's just they opinion cause they ain't you) Some of them need to take some lessons And learn how to fuck like porno bitches do {"Devin, the Dude.."} [Devin the Dude] When I was young I was sprung off the way women used their tongue I couldn't nut yet, but fuck that, it was still fun to look... I took... vaseline Even though it was thick and rubbed it on my dick Now I'm grown... ... and my bone is so well-known hoes wanna get it cloned Shit, ain't nothin wrong with you chunkin that monkey All up on me 'til the whole room's funky The negative thoughts, it's time to change Shit, you a woman, I'm a man It's all natural, and we're compatible I'll bend you over, knock you down, slap that ass a little bit (ohh ohh) But not to hurt Like after havin a full course meal, it's the dessert Now lay on your stomach, put a arch in your hips and look back so I can see all four of them lips [Chorus] w/ ad libs {"Bizarre.."} [Bizarre] I can on Superman drawers, I'm 6 years old All in my room, all alone I'm young, dumb, layin the pipe Showtime, HBO, Friday night Butt-naked on the couch, without no clothes Remote control, ready to bust a load And fuck Roxanne, I want Big Ann Tight old pants, my mother's best friend I watch all your movies and your DVD's I heard you're comin out with a porno CD I want Janet Jacme, to smack me Take your bikini off, get on the bed and attack me I love porn, but niggaz be hatin R. Kelly ain't got nothin on the shit I be makin (I'm 14!) I'm a freak, I been that way since 7 Me, Big Boi and Devin; bitch is 11 [Chorus] w/ ad libs {"Big Boi, from OutKast.."} [Big Boi] I like a lady, but I sure love a slut The type that like to sit on my dick and let me scrub them guts The chick that want it doggystyle while pullin on my nuts And when you aimin for her face shorty don't be tryin to duck, uh True Aquarian, mean I'm freaky as to fuck Eat that coochie for an hour after you shower cock 'em up From the power of the orgasm your legs are lockin up Caught a cramp in your thigh, can't even pull your stockings up But your spike leather collar plus stilletos lookin tough Now you're passed out on your stomach, seems though you had +Enough+ like J-Lo in that movie where her husband beat her up (bitch!) Puss appears to be pregnant, swole and wet up Now you need to go on and get up 'fore I set up some more setup I done caught my second wind, let's begin, lift your head up It's the battle of the sexes, we can do this shit 'til breakfast I don't want no mo' babies but I can give you a baby necklace [Chorus] w/ ad libs The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Bizarre f/ DJ Young Mace, Kuniva, Redman, Royce Da 5'9", Seven the General Album: Friday Night at St. Andrews Song: Rap's Finest Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Intro: DJ Young Mace] I go by the name of DJ Young Mace! Live from St. Andrews niggaz! All the way from 7 Mile and Stout Bizarre~! [Bizarre] Yeah, yeah, yeah, uhhhh Bam-bam-boom-bip, we turn up the psycho Friday the 13th, nigga I'm Michael Bad man, Boogeyman, whatever you wanna call me hoe Westside Detroit, that's Bizarre's barrio You a sorry hoe, I'll pull that tool I'll act a fool nigga, smoke like some cools I catch a lot of cases, smack a lot of faces Rap 101 nigga it's back to the basics Stuck in the zone, blowin microphones Wild the fuck out nigga, leave me alone! Dope fiend, hydro, codeine, mescalines Bloody murder scene, Bizarre kill a teen Get back, get smacked, I'll blast a four Fuck the chit-chat, the impact'll blast your door I'm so hardcore, but so wild Black labrador, Mr. Grey Child! [Interlude: DJ Young Mace] Ladies and gentlemen! Live from Runyon Ave.! One-fourth of D12! Eastside's finest! The Derelict, Kuniva~! [Kuniva] Uhh, what up? Yo, straight out yo' mammy throat A derelict, watch it or get your granny smoked Sawed-off shotty under my nanny coat I'm C-Murder in his prime in the Cali yo Cruisin the streets, who want a piece of this cold calico? Up in Jackson relaxin, third tier action Give a nigga face a slashin at my court case laughin Pants saggin, pistol brandishin, blast it, vanishin Drastic, ambulance pullin up, casket managin Now you stiff like a plastic mannequin We about that, pull a gat right where your mouth at and you panickin Angrier than young Anakin I throw bullets like a flag challengin a play, hollows hit his abdomen 'niva's a beast, stalkin the east, packin a piece Nobody dies, I wanna get it crackin at least We can fight, I do scrappin with ease So watch your tone when you 'round here askin for me Get off my dick bitch! [Interlude: DJ Young Mace] Ladies and gentlemen, we still goin strong! Back to 7 Mile's finest My nigga, Seven the General~! [Seven the General] Sir yes sir Yadada-mean, amphetamines and Vicodins I'm nitrogen, 7 Mile's fist-fightingest I'm lightin this bitch up, Bizarre said "Get 'em dawg" So I'm gon' sic 'em like Vick said "Finish y'all" And I administer pain like a sinister sick son-of-a-bitch from Israel, our chemist raw Yeah I cook cocaine and such And blow propane, threw out a Dutch, I'm 7 Mile as fuck But that's the Westside in me Bag up, buff up yay's and flow Hemi's (Hemi's) Fo'-fo' semi (semi) fo' do' Sentry (Sentry) Grams in a {?} so his bag full of empty (empty) Mashin an MC cause my shit sells (sells) My shit's swell so I'm live from the Braille (Braille) When I'm out with D12, 50 pounds and a bail Do a round for the town, 50 rounds in a scale (ay) [Interlude: DJ Young Mace] We not done yet! M.I.C. representer! The King of Detroit! Royce Nickel Nine! Get 'em~! [Royce Da 5'9"] The llama kinda scary, comparin it to Suge Before I shoot a nigga have him actin all good You can call me Tyler Perry, the bar you know is raised You can take her cause she faker than your mom on braids Like Stevie I'm blind to the bark and behave You've seen me online drunk with arsenals waved I go off on the brave, the same to the fearful Aim at your head, put your thoughts on a page! Wear a clip, air a clip, you can call me Aerosmith +D MC+'s +Run+ when they +Walk This Way+ {?} M.I.C. niggaz, we busy, don't speak to me Bitches is smitten by the written lyrical wizardry Switch the, flow up, so what, I'm tote, uh Ridin with my angel like Lo-la, uh Recognize I'm about to blow up, though I blew Not the fame but the breathalyzer, ah, I'm through (hahaha) [Interlude: DJ Young Mace] Last but not least Representin Brick City All the way from North New Jersey Mr. Funk Doctor Spock Redman~! [Redman] Yeah, yes sir, thank you Bizarre Gilla House niggaz! Yo! I'm a mad dog nigga, Cujo So the +Dee+ watch me now like I'm Kool Moe I'm overseas turnin weed into euro Now I'm back to +Draw Four+ like Uno FUCK your girl roll, I never stop gettin it I keep runnin like your toilet need jigglin You're loud but your mouth don't match the dividends Your rock hard flow sound a lil' impotent I only got sixteen, but my sixteen like sixteen kids shot my six teens Trenchcoat, I empty 'til the clip clean A one-shot like Tyson hit Mitch Green Ask my siblings, I got a problem Your punchlines won't make it out of Round ONE! Birds, love to flaunt all around him You want a bad boy? You found one Get money! Artist: Bizarre f/ Eminem, Fuzz Album: Attack of the Weirdos EP Song: Trife Thieves Typed by: ShadyHughes@worldnet.att.net [Chorus: repeat 2X] Trife thieves we can't be trusted  Step into my clique the wrong way and get yo' motherfuckin dome busted We got cement shoes for all you damn snitches We ain't just shootin niggaz, we buckin bitches [Bizarre] My fully loaded nine will shoot through your metal door Have ya nigga's far and out like white kids at grocery stores (AHHHH!) Battle Bizarre and it's just too deadly Even a rapper with amnesia who met me still couldm't forget me If I don't get all my fuckin dough Y'all gonna see more fights and spits then the Jerry Springer show Cause I'm a nasty, dirty, filthy bitch For ten rocks even a basshead with AIDS would suck my dick Cause I'm quick to snatch a nigga out his Polo I'm the reason niggaz come ten deep and end up leavin solo (I'm by myself!) Meet losing ya'll niggaz must be buggin We can battle for ten minutes and let your cousins be the judges I'm the illest rapper to come out thus far I'll shoot anybody; even the bitch who gave me CPR Step to the Outz and end up getting burned Fuck around and get raped like one of Bill Clinton's interns [Eminem] I'll shove a gun in ya grill, greasy and heated  Smothered in hot mustard; so when I feed it to you it's easy to eat it You need to be immediately treated while you breathin or you'll be leavin the receivin room this evenin with Jesus You hate on us and we'll be waitin on eight corners Swarmin ya hood with a thousand angry skateboarders (c'mon) I hop in a jeep, slam on the gas and charge you  and bombard you in the car that your mom bought you Fuck around and get choked and found in a moat Flotin around drowned face down in a boat (damn) I'll pile five dudes in a pinto and pull up  to the 7 Mile drive-through at McDonald's and piledrive you I got the power to snatch a motherfucker out of his car when he drives by me at 90 miles an hour This place is my house I might as well erase my face with white out  cause y'all can't see me like Mase's eyebrows [Fuzz] I'm dressed to please sucking nips Yeah, she get it the same way that I fucked the chick Stuck my hands in her panties like bitch suck my dick 87 freak 187 heat the passion rolls I'm passin clothes You like it in the ass is what I'm askin hoes Aren't you Fuzz he has sold more albums then the Jackson's sold I love you baby if I'm not with you then I'm blastin foes Telepathically harrasing foes I know your little sister is four-teen but her ass can grow Ice-berg took down Titantic elastical Given my fans the exact shit they askin fo' Fuzz Scooter fucking one man bout to show You passing one blunt bitch we passing four I rode your ass and smoked take one pull and smoke your head up I'll send you to tell 2Pac to "Keep His Head Up" I went to the fighting really Canibus who can get up I knew this shit was over from the fucking blood that he spit up Ran a couple more miles should have done more sit-ups I want his dumb ass to jump up bitch and get lit up Call your bitch like, "Bitch, come and pick this bitch up" On battle you be sweeter then I get this shit up I'll stomp you too you get up Or stomp you to the cops come Eighty nigga's came when your fucking block got dumb Artist: B.o.B f/ Eminem, Hayley Williams (Paramore) Album: B.o.B Presents: The Adventures of Bobby Ray Song: Airplanes (Part II) Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Chorus: Hayley Williams] Can we pretend that airplanes in the night sky are like shooting stars? I could really use a wish right now, wish right now, wish right now Can we pretend that airplanes in the night sky are like shooting stars? I could really use a wish right now, wish right now, wish right now [Interlude: B.o.B] + (Hayley) Dreamin (ohhhhh ohh-ohh-ohhh) Of fallin (mm-mmmmmmm) Dreamin (ohhhhhhhhhh ohhhh) Of fallin (ohhhhhh ohhhh) [B.o.B] Yeah, yo, let's pretend like it's '98 ('98) Like I'm eatin lunch off of Styrofoam trays (yeah) Tryin to be the next rapper comin out the A (A-Town) Hopin for a record deal to ignore my pain Yeah, now let's pretend like I'm on the stage And when my beat drops everybody goes insane (woo) Okay, and everybody know my name (Bob) And everywhere I go people wanna hear me sang Oh yeah, and I just dropped my new album On the first week I did 500 thousand Gold in the spring, and diamond in the fall And then a world tour just to top it all off And let's pretend like they call me the greatest (yup) Sellin out arenas with big ass stages And everybody loved me and no one ever hated Let's try to use imagination [Chorus] w/ B.o.B ad libs [B.o.B] Okay, let's pretend like this never happened Like I never had dreams of bein a rapper Like I didn't write raps up in all of my classes Like I never used to run away into the blackness Now, let's pretend like it was all good (good) Like I didn't live starin in the notebook Like I did the things that I probably knew I should But I ain't have neighbors, that's why they call it hood Yo, now let's pretend like I ain't got a name (nah) Before they ever called me B.o.B or A.K.A. Bobby Ray I'm talkin back before the mixtapes Before the videos and the deals and the fame Before they ever once compared me to André (3000) Before I ever got on MySpace (yeah) Before they ever noticed my face (yeah) So let's just pretend, and make wishes out of airplanes [Chorus] w/ B.o.B ad libs [B.o.B - singing] And it seems like yesterday, it was just a dream But those days are gone, they're just memories And it seems like yesterday, it was just a dream But those days are gone [Eminem] Ahem, aight Let's pretend, Marshall Mathers never picked up a pen Let's pretend, things would've been, no different Pretend, he procrastinated, had no motivation Pretend, he just made excuses that were so paper thin They could blow away with the wind, "Marshall you're never gonna make it Makes no sense to play the game, there ain't no way that you'll win" Pretend, he just stayed outside all day and played with his friends Pretend he even had a friend to say was his friend! And it wasn't time to move and schools weren't changin again He wasn't socially awkward and just strange as a kid He had a father and his mother wasn't crazy as shit And he never dreamed he could rip stadiums and just lazy as shit! Fuck a talent show in the gymnasium bitch "You won't amount to SHIT, quit daydreamin kid! You need to get your cranium checked You're thinkin like an alien, it just ain't realistic" Now pretend, they ain't just, make him angry with this shit And there was no one he could even aim when he's pissed at And his alarm went off to wake him but he didn't make it to the Rap Olympics Slept through his plane and he missed it He's gon' have a hard time explainin to Hailie and Lainey these food stamps and this WIC shit Cause he never risked shit, he hoped and he wished it But it didn't fall in his lap so he ain't even here, he pretends that [Hayley Williams harmonizes to the end] Artist: B.o.B f/ Eminem Album: E.P.I.C. (Every Play Is Crucial) Mixtape Song: Things Get Worse Typed by: AZ Lyrics [Chorus: Eminem] There's no need to say shit you already know The question is just how far will this go How far will he take it? And when will he stop? Shady man I done told you once homie to easy up But you just won't listen will ya, nah I guess not You just can't can ya, man I can't stand ya You're rotten, what you plottin' for us? Man when are you gonna let up I guess things are gonna get much worse 'fore they get better Holy toledo it's Angelina Jolie amigo She told me yo Shady just hand your penis to me I'll deep throat And Brad if you try to stand between us then we're gonna see bro Who was a fantasy I don't mean to damage your ego You faggots wanna rassle I shove a fucking jar of vaseline up inside your asshole And rope it shut with a lasso Couple of crushed lexapro broken up wit the capsule or paxil Just incase I ain't dope enough wit the raps though Coke is cut with tobacco Smoke it up then go wacko This is what happens when you mix a cocunut with tabasco Shady let go, the hoe has been choked up enough Let her ass go Not till Jessica Simpson lets go of the tuna casserole I used to love her hooters now Carmen Elektra cuter Strap an extension cord to her arm and electrocute her I'm off my fucking meds but I'm on an electric scooter I might just scoot by and shoot my mum in the neck with rugers Spit in Jasons face while I vomit on Freddy Krugar They can't even get Jeffrey Dahmer to pet the cougar Now I'm gone get the rectal thermometer, get the lubra- cation and get the patient some Darvocet to chew cuz [Chorus: Eminem] There's no need to say shit you already know The question is just how far will this go How far will he take it? And when will he stop? [B.o.B] B.o.B I done told you once homie to easy up, geez There's no need to say shit you already know The question is just how far will this go Cause I will never lay down? And I will never let up? (I guess things are gonna get much worse 'fore they get better) [B.o.B] With the soul of a Sharman I leave the beat than vomit Like a bullemic woman with an uneasy stomach I pass by people on the street they seem like sheep and zombies Stiffer than a therapeutic pair of jeans you run in So can you hear me coming Eminem this beat is absolutely disgusting It's probably go diseases on it I'm just being honest, I can see the comments I can see the evolution as we creep up on it I put that music in your veins like a needle junkie Shit I just do this for the haters, I don't need the money I diarrhea on track so it needs plunging Somebody tell these girls please release my undies Nobody really understands my language I find it complicated just to hold a conversation But still I got a whole lot of patience Sittin' back watching Earth from my Space station [Chorus: Eminem] There's no need to say shit you already know The question is just how far will this go How far will he take it? And when will he stop? Shady man I done told you once homie to easy up But you just won't listen will ya, nah I guess not You just can't can ya, man I can't stand ya You're rotten, what you plottin' for us? Man when are you gonna let up I guess things are gonna get much worse 'fore they get better [Eminem] Oh my gosh I put Natasha Bendingfield in a washer Watch it go from rinse to spin cycle Its like I got ya hypnotising like I gotcha I gotcha pychologically fucked Michael would like an apology what Tell that psycho to stick a Tyco truck and a white tricycle up his butt And glue the seat of bicycle to his nuts I'm as cold as a muthafucking icicle on my nut I aint nuttin' nice, man I like to pull knives and I like to cut The poster addict for post tramatic stress I guess this is the most dramatic I've been in a while This is the closest that its come to the Marshall Mathers I can hear him start to gather I don't paint the portrait of the picture perfect Partridge family This ain't your orphan Annie, no this is more uncanny Kick down Dakota Fannings front door while the whore is tanning (He can't say whore) Of course he can, man he just saw her fanny then murdered her while he danced around the room and wore her panties [Chorus: Eminem] There's no need to say shit you already know The question is just how far will this go How far will he take it? And when will he stop? Shady man I done told you once homie to easy up But you just won't listen will ya, nah I guess not You just can't can ya, man I can't stand ya You're rotten, what you plottin' for us? Man when are you gonna let up I guess things are gonna get much worse 'fore they get better The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Boo-Yaa T.R.I.B.E. f/ B-Real, Eminem Album: West Kostra Nostra Song: Real 911 Typed by: akademik_geniuz_@hotmail.com * * send corrections to the typist [Intro - Eminem] WAAAAHHHHHHHOOOOOOOOOOO!!! {*laughs*} Guess who's back?!?! Mommy! We're home!! Say hello to my little friends DJ Muggs, Soul Assassins, Cypress Hill Everybody! Put your hands where my eyes can see!!! [Verse - Eminem] Everywhere we go people know that we roll deep as fuck Fourty fifty Samoans, they knowing when D-Bo was 50, Tweezy, Obie there won't be no hoe in us They pop shit like they gon do shit but no one does From New York down to Texas, back up to Los Angeles We've changed the way we move so man up if you can't adjust You may end up getting rushed by too many to handle us It's funny, I guess money does have its advantages And it isn't that we just think that we can't be touched It's not like we're just feeling ourselves that much It's just, that if someone ever does put us in the clutch We just know that y'all ain't gon be the one who's gon do it Cause first of all you're pussy and everybody can see that You fuck around, get caught in a spot that you shouldn't be at That you got no business being in, we ain't even gon be in it No one's gunna hear nothing, no one's gunna see this shit And they'll be in and up out of it, them boys is bout it, bout it The noise from (?) be drowned out by the crowd And you'll be laying on the ground getting trampled by people dancing Till the club closes, and clears out And that's when they see you flatened Nobody saw it happen, all cause your jaws are flapping And you couldn't stop yapping and took it past rapping It ain't about the music no more, it's bout trying to show off And it feels like any minute the bomb is bout to go off [Chorus - Eminem] Shit's about to change, cause we ain't playing no games We ain't budging neither are they, we ain't saying no names Shit just ain't the same, when the K's get to scream Hip-hop is in a state of 911 It ain't about hip-hop, cause those days are gone It ain't about trying rip shots, to get props no more It's about trying not to get popped, and get dropped to the floor Cause hip-hop is in a state of 911 [Verse - B-Real] Step off my holster cause shit it's getting serious All theses drugs you be fucking with make you delirious Thinking you coming with heat, yo son, I'm curious How long are you gunna hate us and judge us and jury us? Some people can never fade us, that make us so furious Mistake us for fakers, homie we greater and glorious We living for real and others just making the stories up Allusions are broken, so live it up, you corny fucks If you take a fucking minute to think about what you've done When you stood against a gangsta who live and die by the gun Got a hot one, spraying you bitches til there is none I'm like a rolling stone homie, I got you under my thumb Silly little bitches can end up right up in ditches We cut you and give you stitches, for envy and all my riches Your game's just like a midget, you're clocking a small digit Dealing with the Giant Goliath, people that's how we live it, c'mon [Verse - Ganxsta Ridd] Uh, gangsta Ganxsta who come to pay you a visit On this shit you call hip-hop, this function is where did it When I - put it in motion, my focus is getting branded My appetite for destruction is blasted because I said it Got you - stumbling for cover, this music dying in numbers But you wouldn't pause and wonder, admitting it's all glamour When you - enter the business you thinking you running shit You witness that funny shit, your bitches they ain't shit! We gangstas we blast first, ask questions later All these - imitators parading like they some playas Trying to - save hip-hop the task is something greater Cause we old fashioned coded with loyalty motivaters Get caught, I'm not telling, or more like killing not caring I'm riding a - gangsta feeling, no fearing when gangstas dying I'm in a - full circle with homies that's supposed to bleed On an 8 Mile mission with Cypress and O.G.'s The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Busta Rhymes f/ Eminem Album: I'll Hurt You (Remix) 12" Song: I'll Hurt You (Remix) Typed by: akademik_geniuz_@hotmail.com, Gemini_20502K@yahoo.com [Intro: Busta Rhymes] (Eminem) Yeah! Guess who it is! Aiyyo Dre! I think they in trouble! (WOO!!!) Scott Storch! Why you have to do it like this to them?! Feels like a new day [Verse 1: Busta Rhymes] (Eminem) Listen, now every time I come and I hit you niggaz with shit regardless You get retarded and then the niggaz ain't got a clue On how the fuck I do what I do and say what I say And spit what I spit you ain't never even gotta question who Cause you know that I'm the only nigga that can ever come And spitefully turn the place in to a motherfuckin zoo Then I come and I spit all crazy sh-sh-sh-shit And m-m-m-make n-n-niggaz do exactly what I want 'em to From my point of view instead of trying to step up you still trying to play catch up and keep up with the way a nigga grew These niggaz panick and freakin get schizophrenic and let they emotions out And I doubt they can ever test my crew Take a second check it I wreckon my records are better than Whatever record you recorded that's why ya shit is through (WOO!!!) You fuckin idiot I don't think you get it I'm one of the greatest ever period every syllable is true [Chorus: Busta Rhymes] Now if you ain't runnin you ain't handicappin your vision I think it's simple enough think that it's really plain to see No matter how much you try, no matter how much you make an effort You niggaz can never ever really fuck with me Cause I'll hurt you, and I will learn you a thing or two And I'll hurt you, and I'll finish your career for you, I'll [Verse 2: Eminem] Shit on a mic and do do, my doo-doo You do not have a fightin chance to move you you were covered in my poo-poo Smothered in my manure while I spit saliva fluid do-do-do-do-do-do G-g-g-goobers secluded you You don't have a clue as to what we're about to do do you So just sit back and watch somethin you just gon have an a-chew You just made me sneeze I'm allergic to beats like these Please excuse me my allergies are actin up thanks a lot Scott Your probably wonderin why there's thunderin everyone Is runnin and duckin up under everything up on the block Cause Bus a Bus and Flipmode just tip toed into the club With shady quietly tryin not to start up a riot with Doc But since we always started we might as well have a party So gather 'round everybody come on lets get our drink on And you ain't got to do nothin special for this occasion Just reach in the closet put somethin on and get to the club [Chorus: Busta Rhymes] Now if you ain't runnin you ain't handicappin your vision I think it's simple enough think that it's really plain to see No matter how much you try, no matter how much you make an effort You niggaz can never ever really fuck with me Cause I'll hurt you, and I will learn you a thing or two And I'll hurt you, and I'll finish your career for you, I'll [Verse 3: Busta Rhymes] Catch you niggaz and snatch you niggaz you bunch of bumblin fools Who got me rumblin dudes all way down the block Keep on stumblin and jumblin over their words and vowels Throw in the towel see you niggaz is on the clock And you runnin out of time see I'm tired of all y'all M-m-m-mumblin-m-m-mumblin n-n-nigga I got it locked Every single time you put my shit in your cd player and turn up the volume You bang your head because your shit is not I - continue with crumblin niggaz and tumblin niggaz You struggle while I humble a nigga with the glock Then I watch you while I'll keep on fumblin while I got you tr-tr-tremblin For one of my niggaz bust ya head with a rock Before I start to do another thing then to make you crown me the king With such a butter swing nigga follow the flock Now watch my brotha bring all my diamonds to summer bling while I'm climbin and fuck her then tell you bitch to get off my yacht [Chorus: Busta Rhymes] Now if you ain't runnin you ain't handicappin your vision I think it's simple enough think that it's really plain to see No matter how much you try, no matter how much you make an effort You niggaz can never ever really fuck with me Cause I'll hurt you, and I will learn you a thing or two And I'll hurt you, and I'll finish your career for you, I'll The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Cali Kings f/ Eminem Album: Cali Kings Mix Tape Vol. 1 Song: We're Still #1 Freestyle Typed by: Wuchamps@hotmail.com Teats and Thurston Howell, and yelling Wordsworth My mother smoked crack I had a premature birth I'm just a nerve purse with badly disturbed nerves You wanna be the one to step up and get served first 99% of aliens prefer Earth Come here to rule the planet, storm on your turf I hid a secret message inside of a word search With smeared letters, runnin together and blurs spurts Hang with male shovenest pigs and perverts I point water pistols at women and squirt shirts Been a bad boy since diapers and Gerbers My first words were bleep bleep and curse curse Never had shit and I still don't deserve dirt My breath still stinks, and I'm on my third cert Digging out my stitches, and hollering nurse nurse! You said this shot would numb me this shit just hurts worse! Slim Shady Cali Kings Baka Boys The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Canibus f/ D12, DZK Album: Melatonin Magik Song: Air Strike (Pop Killer) Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash {*sound effects and Eminem dialogue for 36 seconds*} [D12] War Lab, call us haters all you want Fuck it call me a hater, full blown instigator Leavin niggaz on intubators breathin like Darth Vader I hate people that pack guns but they don't bust 'em Or bitches that come back to my room but they ain't fuckin Pistol clutchin, the Dozen, you heard it don't get is misconstrued Whatever we do'll hit the news once we get the tools [Eminem samples] You're an emcee and you mention my name in the wrong way, and you draw first blood, I'm comin [Canibus] You pushed D-12 to the side to sign Voltron 5 If Proof was alive, he'd be dying inside You ain't no hip-hop messiah, you a bitch cause you dissed Mariah Shit like that supposed to be private I'ma fry you on behalf of Mariah and Michael Put you back on them drugs, make you suicidal You can't shut the record down, nigga it's viral When you use the word nigga, just remember your idols [DZK] I got a question, I'm white, can I join D12? I'll sell you four million records then I'll tell you go to hell Leave Swifty in charge, then remove all the stars And make the group wish Bizarre shot pool in a bar An assault lawyer stop the beat, suing us all I really do hope you know who get involved Cause I'm a fan and I'll get you for a Nick Cannon dissin And you already know how fuckin sick Canibus is I hate a bitch-ass nigga just as much as I hate fags I love goin to war but I hate when they raise the flag These niggaz hittin the streets spittin venom on me Then start renegin the beef, I hate peace treaties Forever yo' enemy I increase beef as Amityville's finest Cause I don't believe in stoppin violence I'm a tyrant that'll snatch my respect and scram I use a uzi cause I hate a Tec when it jams I hate when dudes treat this like life a movie Usin rap as his excuse to do shit and they only move ki's in the booth I piss on niggaz hands, whoever's grown, patches and tombstones I hate 'em ass when I break into a home I'm barefaced, I clap your cat, ramsack it That's what I'm wearin black and I hate goin out the back So call me a hater, walkin detonator, I ain't afraid to stick this blade into your fade in front of spectators [more Eminem dialogue] You're an emcee, big small it doesn't matter No matter how big I get, I just want people to know [Canibus] You the devil in a red dress on MTV You signed more black people than a basketball team What you tryin to say subconsciously? You can't rock the beat like me Consciously you know I rock you to sleep Slim Shady you a coward cause you scared to rap with me The only black man you respect is 50 And the greatest rapper of all time was dead right You "Dead Wrong," you shouldn't have even been on that song [DZK] He fell off so hard this faggot broke his accent I'm flippin through the channels seein Bruno get his ass sniffed And I'm disgusted man, what the fuck is wrong with you? Why'd you date Mariah? Mariah's not a fuckin dude You never even saw her nude and you busted two Must have been thinkin 'bout your stepdad touchin you But that ain't nothin new, I asked your ugly crew They verified it, so bitch quit lyin [Canibus] I remember the first time we met, I ain't even liked you Walkin around my video set like you was in high school It must excite you seein black people being tribal That's why Dr. Dre signed you I bet you right now you got a big rotten Rosenberg beside you Trying to be just like your father, inside you Your Stan android fanboys need to kill that noise I know what you thinking, kill that boy [DZK] We leavin Elvis funny money makin pelvis shattered Let's see you square dance now, let's see you hold your bladder Let's see you fire back Em where's the fire at it? Suicide hotline time, go dial that Put on that "8 Mile" hat and write a vile track Get at some people that can actually diss you back No more target practice on retarded actors and pop stars, Marshall you're not hard [Eminem dialogue again - repeat 3X] Whatever happens to me in this game I've always got my ear to the street [Canibus] Renegade, schmenegade you pink like lemonade I've been better than you before Genesis was made You ain't better than Black Thought, you ain't better than Mos Def You ain't better than Canibus, Professor Griff Hotep So renegade, schmenegade you pink like lemonade I penetrate through Hailey's Comet with metal blades Yeah! You and I both know why I'm sayin this I hope Whoo Kid, get fired for playin this [Bizarre] Get off, Nikolai Volkoff, mazeltov Ready to show off, fo'-fo'll blow your do' off Blowin off steam, goin off the beam Let the 9 sing, bitch this ain't a dream Bitch I'm the king, color me bad Skinny jeans, what happened to the sag? You makin me mad Y'all a bunch of JJ Fags, now who the fuck is bad? Motherfucker I'm bad! Call me a hater {*dialogue samples to the end*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ca$his f/ Eminem Album: The County Hound EP Song: Pistol Poppin' Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com {*guns cocking then one gunshot*} [Eminem] Haha [Ca$his] Ca$his, Ca$his [Eminem] Yeah! [Ca$his] King Mathers [Eminem] C'MON! [Ca$his] Pistol poppin, come get me nigga! {*echoes*} [Chorus: Ca$his] Pistol poppin, bodies droppin, layin all around You thought it was a game, now the neighbors callin out The police find that, what's that sound? While you layin on the ground with your fuckin brain out [Ca$his] Walk through the door with my hands on a gun Cause niggaz 'round here wanna ask where I'm from I throw up my signs, step back and pop one 'fore you throw up your sign if you even got one I used to bust niggaz heads open for fun Chase him down, stomp him out, if he tried to run I could flip packs, get stacks, big straps, where it at? Slung crack, real cat, you ain't never did that Go hard, no peace, I gotta keep, chrome heat I don't sleep, homie I'm watched by the police Cops out patrolling, grab a glock-40 Sniper at the squad car, story noting Fuck it if you want beef, click-clack, wack rap Tossed straps before, I'm out of here, homie Militant in a sense, I don't really give a shit Call up, Eminem, I gotta plead innocent [Ca$his] Sixteenth in my sneakers, I ain't listen to my teachers I'm the most hated nigga alive, since Jesus Maybe in the afterlife they'll reveal my Christ-like abilities Come back, then ride on my enemies Never been afraid of beef, metals of my bravery War situations got you sayin he, crazy G And emerge with the beat, I can serve anything Especially anybody tryin to diss my team – Shady {*blam*} G-Unit, Aftermath the same thing So if you say them punk nigga you say me I be in L.A. G, get at me when you see me Catch you in O.C., and in the bag you'll be leaving I ain't worried 'bout my freedom cause for me to get even is worth e'rything, it's on B.B.G.N. I son'd you folk, I'm lookin at your pinkie You a fake-ass gangsta, what a waste of my scenery [Chorus] – 2X [Eminem] Maybe I just feel like there's too many pussies in rap Shady (Ca$his) we gotta push 'em to the back Move 'em along, push 'em aside, don't get me wrong I love the finger snaps and the claps into the song It's got a catch but come on man, the raps We all gotta step our game up; especially these lame fucks who walk around with their chest out just tryin to be down with anybody who's left now Better be down with them, huh But I dare some bitch to say somethin about, Eminem Cause I'm not in the mood to be playin around with dudes I already seen two friends get shot in the head and lay on the ground this year and, one didn't make it Proof, you are the truth Please don't let us come face to face with these boo-boo-hoo Fake-ass tattooed havin Fif' please tell 'em right now how hard it has been for me to try and, stay out it But they just won't quit runnin their mouth at least 'til there's a gun in it; son of a bitch! We all got shooters, yeah these days who doesn't? And as far as the snaps and claps, I wasn't dissin the South, that isn't what this is about I just so sick of the beef, I don't even wanna see anymore [Chorus] – 2X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Cypress Hill f/ Eminem, Noreaga Album: Skull & Bones Song: Rap Superstar Typed by: Acastro929@aol.com (Eminem Speaking) Most people don't see how much work is really involved  in this rap shit I didn't know it I didn't see it I never saw it until i was actually in it You really gotta be in it To understand what its like But you always gotta  People always gotta see your smile You always gotta put on that fake You know what i'm sayin No matter what u just been through (B-Real) So you wanna be a rap superstar And live large a big house  5 cars, you're in charge Comin up in the world  Don't trust nobody Gotta look over your shoulder constantly (B-Real) I remember the days when i was a young kid growin up Lookin in the mirror dreamin about blowin up To rock crowds make money Chill wit the honies Sign autographs and whatever the people want from me Shits funny How impossible cream manifest in the games that be comin with it Never the less you gotta go for the gusto But you don't know about the blood sweat and tears  and losin some of your peers And losin some of your self  Music has past gone by Hopefully you don't manifest for the wrong guy Egomaniac in the brainiac Don't know how to act Shits deep 48 tracks Studio gangsta mack Sign a deal emcees wanna make a mill But never will  Till he crosses over still Feelin no hate  But fantasies come wit these Just to sacrifice the taste of makin cheese You wanna be a rap superstar in the biz And take shit from people who don't know what it is I wish it was all fun and games  But the price of fame is high And some can't pay to play Trapped in what you rappin about Tell me what happened when you lost clout The rout you took started collapsing  No fans No fame No respect No change No women And everyone shits on your name (Chorus) So you wanna be a rap superstar  And live large A big house  5 cars  The rent charged Comin up in the world don't trust nobody Gotta look over your shoulder constantly To be a rap superstar And live large A big house  5 cars  The rent charged Comin up in the world don't trust nobody Gotta look over your shoulder constantly (Noreaga Speaking) When you sign to a record label You don't know you sign your life over And these whiteboys don't care about you Cuz the minute you fall off They'll find another Noreaga And they'll find another Capone-n-Noreaga And they'll find another B-Real So you need to just keep  Stack your chips up Do what you gotta do while your hot And mafuckin get out the game Stick to the drug game And the drug game is even worse Because if someone jerks you  You can shoot em and kill me But in this game if someone jerks you You gotta be humble (Eminem Speaking) No matter what you just been through Shit has gotta be right You gotta approach people You gotta be on the up and up And everything gotta be all good When you see someone slap hands with em You know what i'm sayin give em a pound Or whatever it is But you always gotta act like it ain't shit (Chorus) (B-Real) My own son don't know me Sittin up in the hotel room lonley But I thank god I'm wit my homies But sometimes I wish I was back home But only no radio or videos Cuz they show me no love The phony gotta hit the road slowly So the record gets pushed by sony I'm in the middle like monie And the press say that My own people disowned me And the best way back Is to keep your head straight Never inflate the cranium Your crew worried about them honies at the paladium Who just wanna cling on swing on And so on and go on and fall off The hoes fall off To the next rap superstar  Wit no shame give him a year And they'll be right out the game The same as the last one Who came before him Gained fame Started gettin ignored I warned him Assured him This ain't easy take it from weezy  Sleezy people wanna be cheesey They talkin evil (Chorus) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Da Ruckus f/ Eminem Album: Episode One EP Song: We Shine Typed by: rapforum@hotmail.com Real {*echoes*} [Chorus: samples 4X] "Bust it rugged, shine like a gold nugget" (what they know about this?) "When I bust on the mic, I bust a real hard rhyme" ---> Keith Murray "Every time I pick up the microphone I drug it (what they know about this?) "When I bust on the mic, I bust a real hard rhyme" ---> Keith Murray [Verse One] I'm rockin shit, packin shit, while stackin shit If anyone steps up askin shit, I'm blastin shit You gone phase me, but swingin like Peter Parker Motherfuck the shop, I'll wreck the Goddamn barber Forget your dreams about being with fans hugged up You couldn't be a dope MC if you said his rhymes drugged up I told you once, but you forget so here's a flashback "You couldn't be shit, if you came out my asscrack" Stop frontin kid, you know you ain't paid And the only mic/Mike you wrecked was that kid you fought in first grade Ain't nothin lyrical about you but your lies So cut the shit, cause its startin to draw flies You're played like my five-year old's newborn toys Don't know shit about Chicago, but I could still make Illa Noyz Like Robin Leech I display stylish ways Thats rough like my face when I haven't shaved in days Listen up, all these words take heed When I cock and squeeze, no more MC's breathe (none) I'm sick of this, here's my final diss Fuck you dumb niggaz you ain't shit like piss [Chorus] - 2X [Eminem] My Smith and Wessy got you layin in some alley messy Got your family lookin for your ass on Sally Jesse We squash beef in the mo', when you ain't breathin no more Leavin your skull split like Steven Seagal Let the cat out, flat out, Detroit's a mad house So I don't get offended when I hear my city badmouthed We quick to pull the gat out and set it And leave you with more shit missin than a Lil' Kim radio edit Stick up kids be tryin to live paid You get your grill sprayed with twenty-seven bullets in your ribcage Get the guage, cock it back, empty your pockets, Jack Or I'ma send you flyin like a rocketpack Murder you for a bag of chips and a chocolate snack Break into your crib still your shit and lock it back Ten-year old kids be standin on the block with gats Just for livin nowadays'll get you flocked with bats Where I'm from...yaknow what'm sayin?, that's some old Detroit shit y'all wouldn't know about that shit, though. Less you come to my city, ya know what'm sayin? See where we live,  cause we shine [Chorus] - 2X [Hush] MC's put Detroit up in they rap songs Cause without us there careers wouldn't last long So like a generation we've been passed on Now its our time to shine, put your glasses on Got these A & R's and labels with binoculars Lookin in, jockin us and not jockin yours Too many groups follow trends, unoriginal Usin loops that transcend every bitch in you Don't ever try to say this is a ghost town One million rappers in this bitch, they need to slow down Evualute the situation, all the rest are killers Fly hoes out on Jefferson with the drug dealers Two years in the joint, nobody's touchin Hush Try to say you'll put us down, but your under us Now who the fuck are you? its just coincidental When your rhyme your even worse than the instrumental Your just a phone-tapper with no backbone Talkin shit, I got a clique that only pack chrome Have your ass gone, nowhere to run, when we hit Next time you'll think twice of who you fuckin wit [Chorus] - 3 and 1/4X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DJ Butter f/ Almighty Dreadknaughts, D-12 Album: Kill the DJ Song: Desperados Typed by: jeckohoutx@hotmail.com [Proof] Yo, ay yo turn the heads and the mics up We got the Dreadknaughts, you know what I'm sayin Super MC, you know what I mean Bugz, Dirty and all that, all that shit You know what I'm sayin, Desperados with the cars, Eminem [Eminem] Chauvinist pig, droven this Big Lincoln Till it went over the bridge Jumped out and dove in the ditch Broke in a mobile home and stole a stove and fridge Kidnapped the parents and left the ransom note for the kids I'm going for your mids Here's a body blow for your ribs While you're clutching your stomach and bleeding all over your bitch I know where you live, your girl showed me your crib Unless she told me a fib Then I'm gonna have both y'all get did Burning incense, facing a murder sentence Under intent, for investigation for killing infants While I sit in padded rooms doing shrooms Having visions of dead pregnant women with brooms jammed in their wounds Slit your carpet and rugs, and fucked your apartment up Sticking up all the drugs, and jumping in garbage trucks I'm from the shitty slums that look like the city dumps Give you a kidney punch, and mug you to get me lunch See me every summer, layin up against the dumpster With a one hundred dollar jumper, smothered in southern comfort Got my Slim Shady sticker on your mother's bumper She came home screamin a bunch of motherfuckers jumped her [Proof] Ay yo Pursue to list em, there's no need to diss em They be beheavin, make sure your whole breathing system Twist them like big caps, who wants to hear that Rap, murder rates, and I snap vertebrates  Collapse further states, my tribe reserves the grave Your pack deserve a crate, in fact the word is fake I'll cook you slow like egg sufficient nuts I'm holding vandanna like seven great-molested sluts Calling me a bitch nigga, you need to stop Reality, one on one how many times you got dropped I'm cut throat when any track runs, I smack none's It's the rough method that makes Muslims run and pack guns I'm volcanic, the sermon preacher Burning MC's most wanted by Herman Kefa You tried to get a squad, they was like oh no Leavin you brain dead, hittin trees with Sonny Bono I kick without a dojo, D-12 slow flow Shoot down your mother ship and pimp slap mojo No pro wanna go knuckle blades with renegade Nigga tried to go pop, and plus they minute made My lieutenant spray your brigade, and trampled your flow Big P, the reason MC's canceled their shows The truth will hurt, see Proof will work your shame in it The best part of your show is when you put my name in it My squad, godly, fearin shit hardly So I hope when I die, I dope like Chris Farley Fuck that [Bugz] Who run shit, watch these drums hit You dove head first into some old dumb shit Here's a can of ass whip, for you to come get Your clique made their trip, I made them hoes submit Ask your girl, she knows the scoop don't fuck with Bugz bitch I'll chop off her titti, have you sucking one tit Them pink belly niggas is who you run with Making half ass songs, shitty snares and one kick I hate your damn sound, don't like it one bit You can make a double album, won't have one hit Your entire outfit is on some bullshit And there's not a damn one that I can't out wit  I admit, that my style is unfit For mamma's baby boy because I'm on some dumb shit Like I commit arsony, get harm quick You pull the alarm switch, I'll stab you in your armpit Now who the nitwit wanna come get with This egotistic, hip-hop fundal mentalisitic Don't risk it, you'll get your shit split Now keep your distance, and keep existence I'm the persistent when it comes to bench shit I smoked a blunt with my judge before my sentence I'm relentless to deny you're senseless Yo bitch, pay my bill that's where the hell your rent went Fuck that [Almighty Dreadknaughts] I killed competition, with no way out as an opposition Execute the passengers on the flight my executive decision Then reminisce on how shady the business  Terrorists asked by Israelis when they visit Bombed in insentient One word in three in the making, murdered the exhibition team finish Beat the ref senseless No timeout extended play papers over your intermission And increasing the battlefield with the blood of Christians Cryin for the messiah, but he don't listen I pop my wing when I top the stove frame boil sizzling I fight a maniac cook, I do damage to kitchens Fuck Home Depot, I demolition When I home improve, I'll be there to fix it For my school is supervision, for down finical aid smoked up my intuition Only hang out with rappers with explicit lyrics And pistol grip punks with a beef, bitch do you wanna get eaten [Almighty Dreadknaughts] I got a mind full of troubles  Everything is in doubles I buy my guns in couples No time to replace fumbles Cause MC's come and MC's go, we both flow Injured from head to toe No fit a model, we full throttle You stuck in low, incapable to master flow Everything is tactical, living mathematical Watch master flow, unleash and let go I shit like lava, original designer, married to marijuana since a minor Making it a chance to see my battleship could get you wet like fibs, what Applying death-defying feets, maintain to keep my peace Flow like to see, when I release these beats over concrete [Almighty Dreadknaughts] My president transitions has taken place As eyes spread folk ally on the M-I-CR-O Power he's cyphin not quality, I deal it Lays the track and made it real, I know my people feel it  Keep their head bobbin, and the emotional sobbin Plus a cultural cipher after show, hoes be slobbin Knobs, love the fuckin flavor of the icing Plus I'm precision, my double edge will continue slicin The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DJ Butter f/ D12, D-Elite Album: Welcome to Shitsville Song: Don't Try This at Home Typed by: lebhakim60@hotmail.com * * send corrections to the typist "You Have Agreed, Not To Try This At Home. Anything Else" [Proof] Who am I? I'm a basterd, I stolen off ya and blast at ya Smokin' more blacks than the part time wars in Africa I'll ?? out the martyrs for beef Rest in piece alot of you reef(?) designing your greef By snatchin' your brother, smackin' your lover Paralizing your cousins, smokin' your mother's husbands A dozen chosen showguns to shotguns Roll up on you with no guns but still pop one I bomb like napalm from the curb to your house And "Please God" the last words out ya mouth No affiliates, just dogs and troops Most lyin' death than this morgue and roots All we choose to beef, I bring spatulas Flip it and throw it back at ya, so bring your gat with ya Spectacular murder manufacturer, fuck binacular Only heaters talkin, I'm trappin ya just to flattin ya Hop in the accura, roll up on the back of ya Chill out in 5, and then them niggaz act alive I smoke branches from off the tree tops I hang with real niggaz, PA's, PK's and Pete Rock Y'all niggaz with pre-ops, spill blood and Reeboks Don't discriminate blastin rookies on the e-box(?) Your streetforce envolves just for excitement Like if you wasnt you never heard of enditement I sum it up quick so that you can understand me Fuck you, your crew, your bitch and your whole family [Bizarre] Bizarre's a villin, bitch I ain't illin I'll pull your fucking head off while your ass is winddillin' Go heads the triggers of the penot scott villian(?) Vericons(?) march, atleast shoot a million Dirty Dozen the first week? at least a billion If not, it's back to robbing and stealin' Bizarre's the illest, the shitty is the worst A thousand dollars for any nigga that can last longer than a verse And what's the worst is I don't give a damn Offer Garth Brooks a stolen grand am Come to your record label, take all your doe Take your rap name and have your manager booking you shows I don't gove a fuck if we don't get along Bitches know my name without the Slim Shady song, bitch.. We in this bitch with DJ Butter Who gives a fuck? We in this bitch with Wallstreet and we don't give a fuck about nothing "You Have Agreed, Not To Try This At Home. Anything Else?" [Royce Da 5'9] Yeah yeah.. What's my motherfucking name? Royce Nickle Nine A messiah of all, much higher than y'all, undeniably raw Quick to blow the fuck up and reform again The bomb threat re-occured, re-warn your men I promise you get toared up and re-torn again Not one slur or word will be re-born again As long as the shit cracks and they turn a loop up I spit it until it's pitch black and burn the roof up Better step the fuck up for the shit getting spit Turns to whips getting lit, turns to tick-tick-tick Niggaz be rapping just for the clubs, just for the love That hit you had in the club sound like shit in the truck That's why I love that nigga X, cause he raised my brow With every rhyme, without having to take my style It'll be a cold day in hell when these two soldiers lay in hell Talk to me [Billy Nix] Billy Nix, I'm really sick of this silly shit Rappers, get on the mic, swearing they're really spit But you really fake, tough guy stop at your thirty-eight Drop your gloves and get taped, stop with your murder rate Alot of kids listening to you Wishing they you, wishing they was in a position with you to piss on their crew Buttfuck all your sickness, we got the medicine I'd rather piss on the capital, shit on the president X-Government, still flowing, still showing I know where you niggaz come from, know where you niggaz going We was all raised in the same dangerous cell Understand I ain't a stranger to hell, I just don't like it Rappers say the same thing getting retired So I write something I like and pray that you bite it Take an old gangsta rapper and make him retire Take a young conscious rapper and keep him inspired Black man, where you at man, take a stand They taking this rap shit like they took our land Fuck America that's right, you ain't hear me stutter Wallstreet, Dirty Dozen with DJ Butter The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DJ Butter f/ D-12 Album: Shit Happens Song: Shit On You (Rock Remix) Typed by: jeckohoutx@hotmail.com DJ Butter scratches a sample "D-12" [Eminem] I'll shit on you -- da da, da da, da da I'll shit on you -- da da, da da, da da I'll shit on you -- da da, da da, da da I'll shit on you -- da da, da da, da da I'll shit on you! I will shit on you I'll shit on you! Girl you know, its true I'll shit on you! Bitch or man, its true I'll shit on you! I will shit on you [Swifty McVay] I remain fatter than gluttony Tapin bombs to the back of record companies Blow 'em up if they ain't want me The National Guard, they scared to hunt me I love beef; I got you hoes duckin me A drug thief, bitch I'll take your marijuana These slugs with keep your ass away from my corner I drown niggaz in hundred degree saunas You can act a fool if ya wanna (biatch!) It's this lyrical piranha  Strapped wit a grenade, in the pool with ya mama Attack her by the legs then I pull her to the bottom Twist nothin up like a condom Slap it if you fuckers got a problem When I see 'em, you hoes endin up in a fuckin mausoleum Or hidden in the trunk of a black and gold BM Pull in the garage while you screamin Keep the motor on then I'm leavin (I'll shit on you!) I'll shit on you! [Chorus: Eminem] I will shit on you I don't care who you are I'll shit on you! I don't give a fuck about you or your car I'll shit on you! Fuck your house, fuck your jewelry and fuck your watch I'll shit on you!  Fuck your wife, fuck your kids, fuck your family I'll shit on you! [Bizarre] I'm a alcoholic, with the fuckin toilet Pass the hotdogs (Bizarre aren't you Islamic?) Bitch shut your fuckin mouth I'ma keep eatin 'til Richard Simmons comes to my house with a chain saw to cut me out (me out, me out!) I'll fuck your wife, I had sex since I met her Too busy fuckin wit your twelve-year-old baby sitter (hahaha) And all women ain't shit - only good for cookin, cleanin  And sucking dick and thats it (I said it) I was responsible for killin John Candy Got Jon Benet Ramsey in my '98 Camry I don't give a fuck who you are I'll shit on anybody; truly yours the idiotic Bizarre [Eminem] My adolescent years weren't shit 'til what I do now I never grew up I was born grown, and grew down The older I get, the dumber the shit, I get in The more ignorant, the incident is, I fit in Ignorin the shit how borin it gets When there's no one to hit I don't know when to quit throwin a fit I know I'm a bit flaky but they make me Its they who rapped me and say they can take me It's they who legs I brake and make achy It's they who mistake me and make me so angry (I'll shit on you!) I'll spit on you  Start pissin and do the opposite on you You weren't listenin, I said I'll cop a squat on you Start spillin my guts like chicken cordon blew and Straight shit like Notorious B.I.G. did to that bitch  On his skit on his last album Pull my pants downward [Kon Artis] Is Richard Pryor still alive? If not I'm sicker than he was prior to him dying (what?) Born brainless, this steel ain't stainless Your bloodstains are all over this steel god dang-it Bitch bring it, these niggas that I hang with I hang you up naked by your ankles danglin (oww, oww) My need I stay stranglin, I don't need your help If you gon' give me the pussy I'll un-loosen my belt (I'll shit on you!) I'm what your daddy's not, your mom's kinda cock Your sister tends court, your aunt supply her rocks Buck fifty cross your neck Floss your teck, I'll beat you wit it across your chest [Kuniva] Yo it's only right I jack your car keys and run Spent all of my advancements on weed and guns For fun, when I'm drunk  I'll run a truck through the weed house Jump out and beat ya peeps down worst than Steve Stout Put you in chokeholds I learned last week From the Police man who caught me stealing weed from his jeep (Hey, hey, hey!) I see hoes biting, y'all don't wanna brawl That's like D-Bo fightin Peablo Bryson (I'll shit on you) So what you hollerin and yellin about I'll reach in your mouth and pull your fuckin skeleton out Niggas get hit wit a two piece; bling bling Wit a poisonous sting, I'm such a violent thing [Proof] It doesn't show, when I choke you with shotguns Roll up on you with no guns and still pop one I bomb like palm from your curb to your house "Please God!" the last words from your mouth No affiliates, just dawgs and jewels Most flying death were smoging booze All who choose to beef I'll bring spatulas, flip it and throw it back at ya So bring your gat with ya, spectacular Murder manufacturer fuck immacular  Only the heathens talk when I try to get to flatten ya  Hop in an Acura, roll up on who got your back in a Sliced them up then ya niggas start to act alive I smoke brandish right off the treetops Hang with real niggas PA's, PK's, and Pete Rock Ya'll niggas in pre-op, spill blood on Reeboks  Don't discriminate blasted wookies on the Ewok  Ya'll street forces survive just for excitement  Like if you was if you never heard of indictment I sum it up quick so you can understand me Fuck you, your crew, your bitch, and your whole family  [Proof talking] Ya'll just for that, ya'll don't wanna fuck with you period A whole bunch of motherfuckers are coming this is just the beginning You know what I'm saying, blow this shit sky wide We want ya'll niggas; we wanna take over this rap industry You know what I'm saying The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DJ Clue f/ Eminem, Method Man, Royce the 5-9 Album: The Professional 2 Song: What the Beat Typed by: deephunk@aol.com [DJ Clue] Ha haaaaa... *echoes* [Method Man] Now...now...now...unnhhh.. Professional 2 shit...WHAT! Staten Island up in this muthafucka... Mr. Meth rep rep rep rep rep rep... For the cause Wu-Tang Killa Beez forever my niggaz Yeah...we put our draws in it...CLUE! *echoes* [DJ Clue] *talking over above Method Man verse* New Method Man! Eminem... Royce... CLUE! *echoes* [Method Man] Niggaz is like "Oh my God not you!" Yes I'm in the flesh like hollow heads through your vest No contest, M.E.-Eth Man's obsessed With sex, drugs and rock & roll New tecs and calicos! Word has it we move mathematic on rappers Who don't add up, you get broke, battered and slapped up 8 million stories in the nekkid call yo man Method Straight guerilla iller nigga kill a murder record My verbal shooter does it to ya The 16-bar Ruger, bustin' yo funky dope manuevers But I'm not ya Super Lover Cee, I'm the Super Sperm Splash it on your skin rub it in like it's Lubriderm 10 out of 10 I'll be the... Men of all men I mean the... Creme de la creme a schemer... Sippin' on 'Gnac and Zima... True professional 2... (DJ CLUE!) Now that Bush is president nigga we all through [DJ Clue] Wooooooooooord! [Eminem] It's like a jungle sometimes it makes me wonder Why I keep on duckin' under the bed when I hear thunder Cuz I ain't crazy, I say shit that's crazy to crazy people To make 'em believe I'm crazy so they can relate to me And maybe believe in Shady so they can be evil baby I like that! I'm only as crazy as people made me Believe me, there'll be just as many muthafuckin' murderers And heroin users without Marlilyn's music But I figure I make my music I don't care if you use it To murder somebody, I just wanna be there when you do it! Now the parents are suein' cuz little Darren is screwin' Karen and Susan cause I told him to do it on Clue's new shit Now it's all ruined, the whole world is fucked up Cuz of me? Two 12-year old girls is knocked up My attitude's 'fuck it' like Pac's was at one point Wanna come join? Pick up a glock and just point Now everybody's killin' everybody and everybody's bloody And I'm just laughin' like it's funny Cause I don't really give a shit about no-muthafuckin'-body I'm so muthafuckin' nutty I don't give a fuck about nuttin'! [Royce] My wrist is...water and freeze And mix this is...audio Jesus the repent shit gets big Keep it sharp like knife in a pop device So "Duro you gotta let it bump!", I came from a hard knock life They say this kid be rude like this can't be true  I suck my own dick like if I had a rib removed Vampire, sun go down I'm still wylin' Bullets travel through the air in the night like Phil Collins Rock City baby knife through your throat 'til you're broke Rise from the underground like sewer smoke It's all shifty, I got all-a my dogs wit' me And they all rich, and still all-a they palms itchy We'll pump, rumble over birds jungle urge Walkin' like we talkin' drunk while we stumble over words Clue *inhale*...Duro *inhale*...Slim *inhale*...Meth *inhale*... Five *inhale*...Nine *inhale*...Hold up *inhale*...breath [Method Man] It's just...Mr. Meth and DJ Clue I ain't crazy, I just do what the beats say do [Eminem] It's just...Slim Shady and DJ Clue I ain't evil, I just do what the beats say do [Royce] Unnh..Royce 5-9 and DJ Clue I ain't bad, I just do what the beats say do..unnh... *kiss noise* [DJ Clue] DJ Clue! Desert Storm! Come oooooooon maaaaaaaan! *echoes* The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DJ Jazzy Jeff f/ Eminem, Parl Yams Album: When to Stand Up 12" Song: When to Stand Up Typed by: Kerosene36@aol.com (scratched) (3X): "No...you hear me! You go to hell" -> Mr. Garrison [Eminem] Yo At birth I was born with the biggest middle finger on earth The first time I went to stick it up the shit hurt Mom wouldn't take me, the bitch still hates me One day she said, "Go rake leaves," I said, "Make me!" I'm proud to announce i was probably the first kid Who was kicked out of his house for making fart sounds with his mouth Arguing with me and mom was on-going She called law enforcement when I broke the law mower The slut gave me a truck when I turned sixteen I went to start it and it screamed, "Please fix me!" Back then, when Will Smith was still the Fresh Prince And him and Jeff were still best friends, I guess then I decided to cut class to rap full time And get the fuck outta this fake shit school and rhyme Anybody who thinks this fuckin attitude is a gimmick Come and see me, see if I don't live up to this image Break shit! (scratched) (4X): "No...you hear me! You go to hell!" [Parl Yams] Yo, y'all rappers have never learned That's why I'm fuckin wit y'all Run around telling niggas they can fuck wit Parl I bring it to your high school, smoke the prom Put your brother in a headlock, choke your mom Cause any horror like a play off loss in game seven  Walk around ripping on niggas madder than James Evans My left hand's sharp it moves freestyle ultra Slap my dick like Kool Keith Fuck like you stole from me, and rules the streets I don't wanna have to fuck you up, so cool cease Parl Yams be the chosen thug What I spit be cold juice like a frozen hug Run the streets while you're stuck at home My temper like Bushwick Bill, bitch leave me the fuck alone I've been jealous since niggas was windmillin' These cats just started to rhyme, my pen's spillin' Your moms just told me to act, I've been wheelin' So boy just slow your deck, i've been stealin' I wet rappers cause it's me and Em I guess I just ain't give a fuck like Eminem Burglarize take busts with the slugs Come in your window like (? ? ?) and bustin' your club Put the heat up I teach them niggaz what to suck And my young lords, when to stand up and light the Dutch (scratched) (4X): "No...you hear me! You go to hell!" [Eminem] I came to my last show with a horse swingin' a lasso Drunk with the asshole ripped out of an old bathrobe Cause I don't give a fuck, you better understand that Two Zantacs, I don't give a fuck where SoundScan at Billboard, drugs is what I kill for I'm Happy Gilmore, just slip me anything in pill form I may mingle but I plan to stay single Play bingo and drink, get old and watch my face wrinkle Sike, I'm 24 Thursday; six more birthdays  and I'm blowin my brains out when I'm thirty As long as my heart beats I'ma keep tryin to see How much speed I can eat before I fall the fuck asleep So "I'm the Rapper, He's the DJ" I'm the one thats got the six year old nephew screamin "F/U/C/K" So Jeff, give me a scratch (scratched: "No!") The rest of y'all can kiss my ass 'til your lips stick to my pants (scratched) (5X): "No...you hear me! You go to hell!" The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DJ KaySlay f/ D-12 Album: The Streetsweeper Vol. 2: The Pain From the Game Song: Census Bureau Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com [Intro: Kon Artis] Yeah, we straight from the census bureau Haha, Runyan Ave We lookin for yo' momma D-12 - where yo' momma at? Miko – where yo' momma at? Young Zee, hey Dame - where yo' momma at? I wanna fuck that bitch, her stankin ass Hey Em where yo' momma at? (Ohhhh-ohhhhh) Yo.. [Kon Artis] You know me, Denaun the same ol' nigga I spray paint your car up like Rain-O nigga See me and you are sorta like the same I guess We both rock mics but yours is into our chest You can't do nuttin to me, Runyan Ave's unruly And truly this ain't a movie, you get slapped with the tooly So pass the slimmy and the Hennessy, I got the energy to steal every car in this vicinity, you feelin me? Take it back to when Das EFX was sayin niggity-wiggity-wild Piggity-pow, nigga be out You don't really want war, I'm chillin at your door This uzi will have you bloody windmill-ing on the floor I can't be a punk, my daddy wasn't none I lose a fight after school and I came home and got one You reap what you sew, that shit you oughta know I keep it on the flo' under the seat – I ain't a hoe! [Chorus: Kuniva] + (Kon Artis) You know it's been a while but we feelin it now (The rough sound muh'fucker, niggaz killin it now) Goddamn! You don't want no problems B (Get your name in the obituary column sheet) It's that same ol' shit, niggaz back again (Yo yo, you fallin off, goin back to smokin crack again) Hit the weed (guzzle your Corona) pass the Gin (Better duck cause they back bustin gats again) [Swifty] A basket case indeed; stronger than a can of mace Slap you in the face while you patty-cakin witcha seed I'll be makin all these niggaz wanna take a beam And put it right on my head You don't be takin heed, you probably idol the Feds Havin meetings to recite what I said Liable to have you in a medical room Walk in that bitch with a cell phone then turn it on "You fittin to die holmes!" {*explosion*} Got a chrome that be fuckin up shit worse than I You would swear that I'm a Gemini I kill a guy for nothin - eye to eye And I ain't gotta touch them niggaz face soon as I say somethin Got a pump that'll tear your arm quick, when I leave a carcass You would think you in Death Row's office (AHH!) {*gun clicks*} (Hang a nigga!) I'm ill enough to fall in the middle of moshpits Survive and I'm gettin up high without a flaw bitch! [Proof] I'm a dog on the mic that'll brawl out with Christ Get to cappin at your captain 'til he fall outta life I'm all outta nice, nigga tuck your chain Put holes in your head and finger-fuck your brain Fool fuck this game, I'm poppin at coach Momma dropped me on my head and knew that somethin was broke I ain't feelin nothin you wrote so I'm stompin your throat Show up at the hospital and start punchin your folks I'm a uzi with arms and legs Duty calm your man, before my tooly bomb his head (WHAT!) You wanna take what my 40-cal since you bitch-made Spittin the right game so yo' ass can get laid the fuck down, I don't give a fuck now, whassup? Talkin bout "Clappin" - quit actin, you barely bust nuts Don't get it twisted at the gates, the name is Proof And I'ma kill every man that came with you [Bizarre] Yeah, yeah – KNOCK KNOCK! Guess who showed up? 44-mag and tear your whole door up Pink shower cap and, yellow drawers My dick's so small, I can pee on my own balls (hahaha) When it comes to pussy, Bizarre goes to work That's why my mouth smell like hot dogs and yellow Persh (eww!) So tell your momma hit me on my cell phone I ain't home, I'm so wet gettin stoned with Norah Jones [Kuniva] Yo, I chuck niggaz daily, a six-man crew that's born crazy A triple O.G. like Tray Deee (whattup Loc?) I stay sparkin, bitch I got a attitude I step on your shoes and won't say pardon - be cautious! Hidin from the one-time, nutty as I wanna be Wild and disorderly, pissin on your toilet seat Nigga now you know it's me, I got a .44 wit me Bitches all over me, +Sayin Yes+ like Floetry Homie you wanna be a G? Go toe-to-toe wit me It ain't no hoe in me dawg, I shoot out where your colons be Wave the people-mover, crowd-controller Rob niggaz 'til my pockets look greener than Yoda And you know that I'm the +Shady+ type, the crazy type That's probably why promoters never pay me right We a bunch of hooligans, my hands is on the tool again I'm bout to bust a Huey and spray up a fuckin school again [Outro: Bizarre] Yeah.. D-12. Devil's Night.. part two.. The drama.. continues.. KaySlay.. hahahaha.. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Eminem Album: The Streetsweeper Vol. 1 Song: Eminem Freestyle Typed by: PDog1217@aol.com [Eminem - talking] I'd be a horrible mixtape DJ I would be really fuckin bad THIS IS MOTHERFUCKIN EMINEM! Or just Eminem Whatever you want to call me And your listenin to the motherfuckin easy listenin sounds, or whatever Clear your fuckin ear wax out This is motherfuckin DJ Kay Slay The Drama King and it goes a little somethin like this Yo turn that click off, alright … (*beat to Eminem, Obie Trice & 50 Cent's "Love Me" starts*) Look .. [Eminem] My music is soothin but it's also been proven That it can put you in the mood to jump outta ya car while it's movin You've been waitin on this moment, my sermon is like a omen, I'm servin, I'm Erick Sermon I saw the window was open and I jumped through it My shit if you don't get pumped to it I quit, here's my rhyme book go head and thumb through it And pick what you want from it, rummage ya find somethin You can use to jump someone and roll up bumpin I'm constantly coppin over you, squatin, shit is gotten to the point, where I'm ain't even writin no more I'm just jottin This is chicken scratch Shit is sickin, I've been kickin ass off bullshit, throw away rhymes, pick a batch I live for the love of rap You crazy? I've made beats for Jay-Z for free Page me, you need a beat You Canibus? then it's Dre's beat You Kay Slay? the fee's waived I stay beefin with JD to the day Dre two-ways me That it's ok to stop blazin him Oops I put it out I apologize now is too late G It's on tape and the tape leaked "Say what you say" motherfucker Drama King, Kay Slay motherfucker We dictate these mixtapes motherfucker Xzibit blaze this little gay midget cocksucker The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DJ KaySlay f/ Eminem, Obie Trice Album: The Streetsweeper Vol. 2: The Pain From the Game Song: I'm Gone Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com [Eminem] + (Obie Trice) KaySlay! (Yeah) Yo.. Drama King! (Yeah!) Check it out, check it out - O. Trice! (Shady Records nigga, it's goin down once again boy) It's just a scratch man (Let's go Em) [Eminem] I +Murder+ this +Inc+ as soon as I touch the page You ain't gon' have no other choice but to rush the stage and charge the mic, and I hope you got the heart to fight Cause you gon' have to, cause you ain't got the smarts to write somethin that good, to try to come back at me with What you gon' do, try to out-rap me with that happy shit? You motherfuckers crack me up Talkin bout you gonna smack me up, y'all won't even back me up Throw up your paws, you pussies can't even scratch me hard It's like fuckin Castor Claw tryna jack me off You think I'm afraid? What you tryna throw some fear in me? You think I'm dumb enough to roll with no security? {*gun clicks*} I'm doin my best to try to show maturity But don't sit there and stare at me like hoes and sneer at me like it's supposed to be scarin me Like I won't leap clean over this fuckin V.I.P. rope and throw this chair at anyone close or near me tryna approach me physically cause he don't spit lyrically And he knows that my flow's so sick, this hoe's on my dick and he's so sick of hearin me, my posters is starin at him But I don't think he knows the severity of what it could escalate to or that it could grow so seriously if I go hysterically; cause I guarantee there's no one in here that would resort like a childhood any quicker than I would, or hit you with plywood Especially when I'm sippin on this liquor and tonic One swig of this bottle I'ma go upside your head so hard with it the mark from it'll be so dark that it'll leave a scar so big you'll be able to read a label from the motherfuckin sticker that's on it; I'm sick of the nonsense Shit is ridiculous and I refuse to let it get to this point where I'ma let you sit on my conscience - I'm gone bitch, YEAH! [Obie Trice] + (Eminem) I'm gone bitch Shady Records motherfucker, we gone bitch I said we gone bitch, so long bitch Catch up if you can (whoo!) we movin on bitch (UHH!) [Obie Trice] Now who you know been to Kyoto, Tokyo off of one debut, screamin, "I'm in Janai yo!" Obie Trice, sho' you right He done seen overseas, he's not a prototype (nah) Nobody's protégé, Em only showed O. the way Fuck what the media say If you listen to music then you should know that O. Trice fused it in a matter where he speaks how the streets views it Choose, to translate it through the art of music and started usin it reachin the youth influenced by the truth in it (truth!) And as a boy, a man, I ran from boys in vans Do the knowledge, acknowledge and try to comprehend Hand full of contraband A product of my environment, narcotics and violence Inspires the content, but my intent is to retire these tired-ass writers in si-lence (yeah!) Cause haters they hate us cause Shady became famous and claimed the rap game when they thought he'd be nameless (hah!) But racist accusations won't change us Let the truth be told, you think O. will be over here like, "Massa, show 'em you got soul" – no! Anybody knows us know this not how we roll So, I still push the bucket If I ain't trust it I wouldn't fuck with it But fuck it, I'm gone bitch! {*two gunshots*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Obie Trice f/ Eminem, G-Unit Album: Cheers Song: We All Die One Day Typed by: Suprafly05@aol.com * * send corrections to the typist [Tony Yayo] Yeah! You riding with the talk of New York, Tony Yayo Shady Aftermath and Soul Assassins, here we go! [Chorus: Lloyd Banks] Niggaz, know what I'm about out here I don't toot my own horn cause I don't have to You could run your mouth I don't care But if you get to close I'm gon' clap you It's too real out here to be scared A real nigga gonna do whatever he has to A man is a last thing you should fear It ain't considered a crime unless they catch you We all die one day [Obie Trice] Niggaz when I step up in a bar, faggots wanna loot like you muh'fuckers got Obie Trice shook Like I'm gon' stand here as a man and let some queer ass, funny looking nigga get the upper hand I got issues, got no time, got guns that mourn nigga's moms Shoot up clubs and destroy niggaz vibes Everybody running for their motherfucking lives Tough club niggaz we leave early cock back surely Open up your fade your grade brain meets Motor City pave' Your nervous system still twitch off Jay-Z Hoes and animals skirts get murked Don't ever let a nigga tell you slugs don't hurt Don't ever let a nigga tell you to play the bar hard Trust in God cause youse about to get catch a bullet scar I give a fuck where you from who you be with Keep this secret {*whispers*} right by the nuts A 4-5 that'll light niggaz up and this 4-5 high make not give a fuck [Lloyd Banks] But as long as I'm here I'm gonna grab checks And make my cash stretch longer than giraffe necks Poverty make your ass bet on words Touch niggaz in jail make them wanna finish they last sents' They say you live by the gun, you die by the next nigga gun If thats the case then get a bigga one You don't think I pack the pump cause I'm out the hood That's a stereotype like everybody that's black and jumped I'm in the white mink the fabric is done Got rings like Mike, Bird, Magic, and them Out of Dallas to the palace where the Mavericks is from Living lavish I'm established, so the cabbage'll come I'm in the cloud you don't see me on the trains I travel first class you aint even got a TV on your plane You should be easy on my name cause I aint going back and forth Your boss and your captain soft [Eminem] Cause we gon' bring it to anybody who want it You want it? You gon' get it name 'em we gon' hit 'em chew 'em up and spit 'em out {*hoch spit*} Too much venom and if you roll with 'em we gon' fuck you up with 'em I got to much momentum moving in my direction to lose My shoes will explode as soon as you go to step to them (Broom) You know how we do it when we do how we do it when we come through G-Unit, D-1-2 and Obie we all move like assassins Ski mask and gloves consider this as a warning Disaster comes faster than you can react to it, just ask Muggs But we are fizast, fuck your little bitch ass up We are not killers, my vato will have you shot though Drag through the barrio and fucked like Kim Osario Little sorry hoe ass, go ask B-Real We burn Source covers like fuckin Cypress Hill Did in the 90's when you was in diapers still Shady Records you better believe the hype is real This is no joke, I don't smoke But I toke enough secondhand to make my fucking P.O. choke I'm an OG, your fucking with a G.I. Joe Bia Bia, mia mio a vida loco I'm a pyscho Mariah ain't got shit on me When I retire I'll be spittin baby food on people A tent siged on her ranch huddle up next to her with Hello Kitty slippers on, humpin her legs You ever had your cap peeled back or your shit pushed in I put my blade in you like a fuckin pin cushion slice your ear clear off, Smirnoff and Hen-dawg I'll show you to kill a fucking man like Sen Dog Nobody told you that I'm loco ese? I lack every sane chemical in my membrane I'm Slim Shay... D and the 'D' is for deez nuts And you can get each one for free so feast up I pee in a cup for three months I'm having an E party for Easter please come Cause we- [50 Cent] We gon' bring it to anybody who want it you want you gon' get it You Name 'em and will hit 'em, chew 'em up and spit 'em out {*spits*} To much venom and if you roll with 'em We gon' fuck you up with 'em You can do all them push ups to pump up your chest I got a twelve gauge Mausberg to pump up your chest Have you gasping for air after that shell hit your vest Fear me like you fear God cause I bring death Silverback gorilla in the concrete jungle I'm the strongest around you know how I get down I watch gangsta flicks and root for the bad guy And turn it off before it ends cause the bad guy die If you tryin to buy guns from a nigga to look to So what they got bodies on them they still look new You can raise your voice like you fend to touch some When I raise my knife shit I fend to cut some See I walk like Ron O' Neil but talk like Goldie If the bitch think I love her the bitch don't know me {*laughing*} [50 Cent] Sorry Kim [Eminem] Oh Sorry, Oh [Eminem] Soul Assassins y'all, what up Muggs? [DJ Muggs] What up Em? [Eminem] We outta here... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DJ Spinna f/ Eminem, Thirstin Howl III Album: Heavy Beats Vol. 1 Song: Watch Dees Typed by: multsanta@sprynet.com [Thirstin Howl] I hit harder than Foreman landing both both gloves to a low blow with no cup leave you Speech-less like when Arrested Development broke up carry a crow bar for egos that won't budge crack skulls through helmets with the penetration of a screw nailed in return like I was sending self addressed postage throw bricks the size of the Stonehenge before battles, we pour blood and toast, death to wicked infants found on the sorceress' doorsteps slaughter lamb and boar's head every MC's cause of boredness and mind bondage bronchitis, lung failure language unfam-i-liar art through a flooded air brush ??? leave craft sentences joined with words holding hands it's a tight squeeze from where your head will be landing in exact time flight leaves [Eminem] Who's arm is this? I must have cut it off of the pharmacist Who refused to renew my seventh presciption of darvecet I'm the old man who lives upstairs and starves his pets and never leaves his house 'cause he thinks his car's possessed I hate my life that's why I degrade my wife grabbed a paper plate to make a sandwich and just ate the knife my mother's screaming 'please heal him, take him straight to Christ' meet you on the street and slap you just to break the ice made a bomb threat with a fake device strip you naked twice, pistol whip you and force you to take advice and if you catch me bobbin' my head to some bullshit spittin' I was probably just tryin to shake the lice bugs fallin' out of my head I'm wishin' I was dead while I'm crawlin out of my bed found it red and my rash is returning I feel the sensation of burning occurring, usually during pain for release in my urine screamin' at my shadow 'please quit followin' me' these pills keep screamin' 'please quit swollin' me' the devil keeps screamin' 'please get down on one knee' took the drugs before the cops ever found them on me The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Domingo f/ Eminem Album: Behind the Doors of the 13th Floor Song: Hustlers and Hardcore Typed by: r0ck_bot0m@hotmail.com * * send corrections to the typist [Intro] Yo check this out! In life, you got your want to be's You got your going to be's, and you got your has been's Then you got your hustlers and hardcore [Domingo] Oh a line with fakes a time Fresh time, with sure more times Jimminy two time respect mine Big click with breakfast and blacklist War! War! War! War! Vision, knocking you out motherfucker listen Superstition can help you in this battle G's and sandles who surround you in all the angles All over your shit in shamble Looking the little of latter you fucking runt [Chorus 4x] Hustlers! Hustlers and Hardcore! Giving you more than what you asking for! [Domingo] Danger hander Banging swinging banner all single hander Hit the left propaganda Ill manner bad grammar stander Got the people chasing with cameras by the manner Hit and slap us, so pajamas Hiding under clothes in dirty hampers Happy brands will make them happy campers Little laughter Shit nappers [Eminem] I'll puke eat and freak you Battle, I'm too weeded to speak to The only key that I see to defeat you Would be for me to remove these two Adidas and beat you And force feed you them both and on each feet is a cleat shoe I lift you off your feet so fast with a round house You'll think I pulled the fucking ground out from underneath you I ain't no fucking g, I'm a canibal I ain't trying to shoot you, I'm trying to chop you into pieces and eat you Rap you in rope and glass, strapped to a soakin matress Coke and acid, black magic, cloaks and daggers Fuck the planet until it spins on a broken axis [Chorus 4x] [Domingo] Aw yeah {*echoes*} Artist: Dr. Dre f/ Eminem Album: Chronic 2001 Song: Forgot About Dre Typed by: Acastro929@aol.com, OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Dr. Dre] Y'all know me, still the same O.G., but I been low key Hated on by most these niggaz wit no cheese, no deals and no G's No wheels and no keys, no boats no snowmobiles, and no ski's Mad at me cause I can finally afford to provide my family wit groceries Got a crib wit a studio and it's all full of tracks to add to the wall full of plaques Hangin up in the office in back of my house like trophies Did y'all think I'ma let my dough freeze? Hoe please You better bow down on both knees Who you think taught you to smoke trees? Who you think brought you the oldies? Eazy-E's, Ice Cube's, and D.O.C's The Snoop D-O-double-G's and the group that said mother-"Fuck Tha Police" Gave you a tape full of dope beats to bump when you stroll through in your hood And when your album sales wasn't doin too good who's the Doctor they told you to go see? Y'all better listen up closely All you niggaz that said that I turned pop, or The Firm flopped  Y'all are the reason that Dre ain't been gettin no sleep so FUCK Y'ALL, all of y'all; if y'all don't like me, BLOW ME! Y'all are gonna keep fuckin around wit me and turn me back to the old me Chorus: Eminem (repeat 2X) Nowadays everybody wanna talk like they got somethin to say but nothin comes out when they move their lips; just a bunch of gibberish And motherfuckers act like they forgot about Dre [Eminem] So what do you say to somebody you hate (What?) Or anyone tryin to bring trouble your way? Wanna resolve things in a bloodier way? (YUP) Then just study a tape of N.W.A.! One day I was walkin by, wit a Walkman on, when I caught a guy give me an awkward eye (What you lookin at?) And strangled him off in the parkin lot, wit his Karl Kani I don't give a fuck if it's dark or not I'm harder than me tryin to park a Dodge when I'm drunk as fuck Right next to a humungous truck in a two-car garage {*CRUNCH*} Hoppin out wit two broken legs, tryin to walk it off "Fuck you too bitch, call the cops!" I'ma kill you and them loud ass motherfuckin barkin dogs And when the cops came through me and Dre stood next to a burnt down house Wit a can full of gas and a hand full of matches And still weren't found out (RIGHT HERE) From here on out it's the Chronic 2 Startin today and tomorrow's the new And I'm still loco enough To choke you to death wit a Charleston Chew {*Eminem's vocal turntable*} Slim shady - hotter then a set of twin babies  in a Mercedes Benz wit the windows up  when the temp goes up to the mid 80's Callin men ladies; sorry Doc but I been crazy There's no way that you can save me It's okay, go with him Hailey (Da-da?) Chorus [Dr. Dre] If it was up to me, you muh'fuckers would stop comin up to me  wit your hands out lookin up to me, like you want somethin free When my last CD was out, you wasn't bumpin me But now that I got this little company Everybody wanna come to me like it was some disease But you won't get a crumb from me Cause I'm from the streets of (Compton, Compton) I told em all - all them little gangstas  Who you think helped mold 'em all? Now you wanna run around talkin bout guns like I ain't got none What you think I sold 'em all? Cause I stay well off Now all I get is hate mail all day sayin Dre fell off What cause I been in the lab wit a pen and a pad tryin to get this damn label off? I ain't havin that; this is the millenium of Aftermath It ain't gon' be nothin after that So give me one more platinum plaque  and fuck rap! You can have it back So where's all the Madd Rappers at? It's like a jungle in this habitat But all you savage cats, know that I was strapped wit gats when you were cuddlin a Cabbage Patch Chorus Chorus 1/2 (after music ends) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Dr. Dre f/ Eminem, Hittman Album: Chronic 2001 Promotional CDs Song: Forgot About Dre (Original Video Edit) Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash, dy_face@yahoo.com * Also the Remix Version, though in the Remix all Skits were simply removed [Dr. Dre] Y'all know me, still the same O.G., but I been low key Hated on by most these niggaz with no cheese, no deals and no Gs No wheels and no keys, no boats, no snowmobiles, and no skis Mad at me cause I can finally afford to provide my family with groceries Got a crib with a studio and it's all full of tracks To add to the wall full of plaques Hanging up in the office in back of my house like trophies Did y'all think I'ma let my dough freeze? Whore please! - you better bow down on both knees Who you think taught you to smoke trees? Who you think brought you the oldies? Eazy-E's, Ice Cube's and D.O.C's, then Snoop D-O-double-G's And the group that said Mother-"Fuck Tha Police" Gave you a tape full of dope beats To bump when you stroll through in your hood And when your album sales wasn't doing too good Who's the Doctor they told you to go see? Y'all better listen up closely All you niggaz that said that I turned pop, or The Firm flopped Y'all are the reason that Dre ain't been getting no sleep So FUCK Y'ALL, all of y'all; if y'all don't like me - BLOW ME! Y'all are gonna keep fucking around with me and turn me back to the old me [Chorus: Eminem X2] Nowadays, everybody wanna talk like they got something to say But nothing comes out when they move their lips; just a bunch of gibberish And motherfuckers act like they forgot about Dre [Eminem] So what do you say to somebody you hate? (What?) Or anyone trying to bring trouble your way? Wanna resolve things in a bloodier way? (YUP) Then just study your tape of N.W.A.! One day I was walking by, with a Walkman on When I caught a guy, gave me an awkward eye (What you looking at?) And strangled him off in the Parking lot, with his Karl Kanis© [Skit #1: Eminem and some old white Woman] [Woman:] Well uhh.. I know you! [Eminem] Aiy fuck you, you stupid Bitch! [Woman:] This is shame on you, this is.. [Eminem] Just SHUT the fuck up! [Woman:] What you're doing to my lawn.. that's a shame of you.. [Eminem] Fucking bitch, Shut Up [Woman:] I say stop do that to my house, and I ain't embarrass from you Now you and him and your hoodlums, you're ruining my sleep And my baby pie is awaken up because you woke him up You do it always with him, you're miserable guys [News Reporter] We are just in front of the house where a fire broke out In an upscale neighborhood as you can see this lady here.. (My dog, my dog!) (He'll be alright, we'll get your dog) And this gentleman here, he claims that he has seen all happen Can you tell me your name sir? [Skit #2: Eminem] Yeah, all I now is I'm upstairs, and I'm listening to my Will Smith CD And I have seen all these flames going everywhere, you know what I'm saying? Hey, hold on a minute, bitch! - Yo, aiy, hold on a minute Yo, Detroit what! - Detroit what! - Detroit baby! [News Reporter] Okay thank you sir, ..reporting Live, on this channel eight I'm Jane Yamamoto, back to the studio. [Eminem] And when the cops came through, me and Dre stood next to a burnt down house With a can full of gas and a hand full of matches And still weren't found out (RIGHT HERE) From here on out, it's the Chronic two Starting today and tomorrow's the new And I'm still loco enough, to choke you to death with a Charleston Chew (*Eminem's vocal turntable*) Slim shady - hotter then a set of twin babies In a Mercedes Benz with the windows up, when the temp goes up to the mid 80s Calling men ladies; sorry Doc but I been crazy There's no way that you can save me It's okay, go with him Hailey (Da-da) [Chorus: Eminem] [Dr. Dre] If it was up to me, you motherfuckers would stop coming up to me wit your hands out looking up to me, like you want something free When my last CD was out, you wasn't bumping me But now that I got this little company Everybody wanna come to me like it was some disease But you won't get a crumb from me Cause I'm from the streets of (Compton, Compton ---> MC Ren) I told them all - all them little gangsters Who you think helped mold them all? Now you wanna run around talking bout guns like I ain't got none What you think, I sold them all? - cause I stay well off Now all I get is hate mail all day saying Dre fell off What cause I been in the lab with a pen and a pad Trying to get this damn label off? I ain't having that; this is the millennium of Aftermath It ain't gon' be nothing after that So give me one more platinum plaque and fuck rap! You can have it back, so where's all the Mad Rappers at? It's like a jungle in this habitat But all you savage cats, know that I was strapped with gats when you were cuddling a Cabbage Patch [Chorus: Eminem] [Dr. Dre] Who's Next? [Hittman] Coming and stomping, it's Hitt from Bronson In collaboration with Dre from Compton Uhh.. I came to say a little something (Hittman) What? (2000) Hittman at the service Highly intensive tongue talents making all nervous Y'all faking, a four nine with my rhymes on purpose Y'all hating, puffing with Dre, y'all nervous Y'all waiting, anticipating, my arrival's California survivalist Smash on any man rival this Blast on any one who don't ride with Hitt Y'all better buy my shit.. (*Toilet Flushed*) [Dr. Dre] Hittman, 2000 The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Dr. Dre f/ Eminem, Skylar Grey Album: Detox Song: I Need a Doctor Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Intro/Chorus: Skylar Grey] I'm about to lose my mind You've been gone for so long, I'm runnin out of time I need a doctor, call me a doctor I need a doctor, doctor, to bring me back to liiiiiiife [Eminem] I told the world, one day I would pay it back Say it on tape and lay it, record it so that one day I could play it back But I don't even know if I believe it when I'm sayin that Doubt's startin to creep in, every day is just so gray and black Hope, I just need a ray of that Cause no one sees my vision when I play it for 'em, they just say it's wack But they don't know what dope is and I don't know if I was awake or asleep when I wrote this All I know is, you came to me when I was at my lowest! You picked me up, breathed new life in me, I owe my life to you But for the life of me I don't see why you don't see like I do But it just dawned on me you lost a son, demons fightin you It's dark, let me turn on the lights and brighten me and enlighten you I don't think you realize what you mean to me, not the slightest clue Cause me and you were like a crew, I was like your sidekick, you gon' either wanna fight when I get off this fuckin mic or you gon' hug me but I'm out of options, there's nothin else I can do Cause [Eminem] It hurts when I see you struggle, you come to me with ideas You say they're just pieces so I'm puzzled, cause the shit I hear is crazy but you're either gettin lazy or you don't believe in you no more Seems like your own opinion's not one you can form Can't make a decision, you keep questionin yourself Second guessin and it's almost like you're beggin for my help Like I'm your leader, you're supposed to fuckin be my mentor I can endure, no more; I demand you remember who you are! It was YOU, who believed in me, when EVERYONE was tellin you don't sign me, everyone at the fuckin label, let's tell the TRUTH! You risked your career for me, I know it as well as you Nobody wanted to fuck with the white boy, Dre I'm cryin in this booth! You saved my life, now maybe it's my turn to save yours But I could never repay you, what you did for me is way more But I ain't givin up faith, and you ain't givin up on me, GET UP DRE! I'm dyin, I need you! Come back for fuck's sake! Cause [Interlude: Skylar Grey] Bring me back to liiiiiiiiife {*2X*} I need a doctor, doctor, to bring me back to liiiiiiife [Dr. Dre] It literally feels like a lifetime ago But I still remember the shit like it was just yesterday though You walked in, yellow jumpsuit, whole room cracked jokes Once you got inside the booth, told you, like smoke Went through friends, some of 'em I put on, but they just left They said they was ridin to the death - but where the fuck are they now? Now that I need them, I don't see none of 'em, all I see is Slim Fuck all you fair-weather friends, all I need is HIM! Fuckin backstabbers, when the chips were down, you just laughed at us Now you 'bout to feel the fuckin wrath of Aftermath faggots You gon' see us in our lab jackets and ask where the fuck we been? You can kiss my indecisive ass crack maggots and the cracker's ass, little Cracker Jack Beat-makin wack ass backwards producers, I'm back bastards One more CD and then I'm packin up my bags And as I'm leavin I guarantee they'll scream "Dre, don't leave us like that man!" Cause Artist: Dr. Dre f/ Eminem, Phish, Xzibit Album: The Chronic 2001 Song: What's the Difference Typed by: Nature2QBC@aol.com [Phish] What's the difference between me and you? (repeat 2X) [Dr. Dre] Back when Cube, was rollin with Lorenzo in a Benzo I was bangin with a gang of instrumentals Got the pens and pencils, got down to business; but sometimes the business end of this shit can turn your friends against you But you was a real nigga, I could sense it in you I still remember the window of the car that you went through That's fucked up, but I'll never forget the shit we been through And I'ma do whatever it takes to convince you Cause you my nigga Doc, and Eazy I'm still wit'chu Fuck the beef, nigga I miss you, and that's just bein real wit'chu You see the truth is Everybody wanna know how close me and Snoop is And who I'm still cool with Then I got these fake-ass niggaz I first drew with Claimin that they non-violent, talkin like they {*voice sample*} Spit venom in interviews, speakin on reunions Move units, then talk shit and we can do this Until then - I ain't even speakin your name Just keep my name outta yo' mouth and we can keep it the same, nigga It ain't that I'm too big to listen to the rumors It's just that I'm too damn big to pay attention to 'em That's the difference [Chorus 2X: Phish] What's the difference between me and you? You talk a good one - but you don't do what you supposed to do I act on what I feel and never deal with emotions I'm used to livin big dog style and straight coastin [Xzibit] Yo I stay with it, while you try to perpetrate and play with it Never knew about the next level until Dre did it (YEAH) I stay committed while you motherfuckers baby-sitted I smash you critics like a overhand right from Riddick (YEAH!) Come and get it, shitted on villians by the millions I be catchin bitches while bitches be catchin feelings So what the fuck am I supposed to do? I pop bottles and hot hollow-points at each and all of you (c'mon!) A heartless bastard, high and plastered My style is like the reaction from too much acid Never come down! Pass it around if you can't handle it Hang Hollywood niggaz by they Soul Train laminates What's the difference between me and you? (What?) About five back accounts, three ounces and two vehicles Until my death, I'm Bangladesh I suggest you hold yo' breath 'til ain't none left Yo that's the difference [Eminem] Aight, hold up hold up! STOP THE BEAT A MINUTE!! I got somethin to say Dre; I wanna tell you this shit right now while this fuckin weed is in me (The fuck?!) I don't know if I ever told you this, but I love you dawg I got your motherfuckin back (riiight?) just know this shit [Dre]	Slim, I don't know if you noticed it 	But I've had your back from day one, nigga let's blow this bitch [Em]	I mean it dawg, you ever need somebody offed - who's throat is it? [Dre]	Well if you ever kill that Kim bitch, I'll show you where the ocean is [Eminem] Well that's cool, and I appreciate the offer But if I do decide to really murder my daughter's momma I'ma sit her up in the front seat and put sunglasses on her And cruise around with her for seven hours through California And have her wavin at people (Hi!) Then drop her off on the corner at the police station and drive off honkin the horn for her {*BEEP BEEP BEEP!!*} Raw dawg, get your arm gnawed off Drop the sawed off and beat you wit the piece it was sawed off of Fuck blood, I wanna see some lungs coughed up Get shot up in the hot tub 'til the bubbles pop up and they nose and cough snot up, mucus in hot water That's for tryin to talk like "The Chronic" was lost product That's for even THINKIN of havin them thoughts thought up~! You better show some respect whenever the Doc's brought up!! So what's the difference between us? We can start at the penis Or we can scream, "I Just Don't Give a Fuck," and see who means it! [Chorus] - 1.25X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: FiggKidd f/ DJ Eko, Proof (D12) Album: This is FiggKidd Song: Nuthin Eva Worries Me Typed by: joshwong_05@hotmail.com * * send corrections to the typist [FiggKidd] I thought it was evident, that figg is in his element Whenever reality doesn't exsit, my temperament Exposed by the evidence of festering excrement Hard to predict my shit even if you're a weatherman Forget it man, my mind twisted like pretzels So I'm glad to land a hand to ruin instrumentals Even though it's said my input is detrimental To oz hip hop then switch off like you are meant to I'm sent to fuck with your head, bishop with dental Rearrange your face like Mr. Squiggle's pencil Then escape like Christopher Skase without a trace Pockets are laced with cash laughin' all the way to the bank So thank you for playin' the game but do not pass go I'mma show these lame acts that the dice will roll Control yourself without losin' your bladder I'm flattered that you care, but like your opinion matters, YEAH! [Chorus x 2] I rap, I rap They hate, they hate Too late, too late Coz nothing eva worries me I just want you to know nothing eva worries me [Proof] If R. Kelly can take girls to never never land And Bush can blame Osama and we never see the man If Pee Wee can grab his dick and beat it with his hand Then why the fuck can'tI get high and meet with Peter Pan huh I like nice asses and boobs I like nitrous in plastic balloons and acid and shrooms I need sluts, I'm a pimp on a budget Always on the low with bitches that fuck fest Fuck yes, success is when your teenage daughter sucks best When high on substance I left my Visa at my rest, ask Lil' Kim to borrow her plastic She handed me her breast Nose and ass plus dildos Spent 20 thou on Ebay for MJ's real nose I'm just kiddin', coz Mike loves kiddin' around Then serving Jesus Juice to sit 'em all down [Chorus x 2] I rap, I rap They hate, they hate Too late, too late Coz nothing eva worries me I just want you to know nothing eva worries me [FiggKidd] So nothin' ever worries me, scratchin' my balls in public The paparazzi love it while Figg is havin' his nuts licked You need proof, Proof? Why people calling you fuckwit? Coz my dick hangin' out, when I normally tuck it I'm stuck with, wantin' women I have no luck with I mean sex is excellent till they find I'm a nothin' But like I'm denyin' the fact that i'm a nobody When honestly it's a bother to stay with a woman properly Costin' me 4 dollars for her to spend the night with me Chastely rob her pockets even if she was nice to me Look for the hooker later coz she has givin' lice to me You need a licence for that, nobody has the right to be Givin out VD's and STD's, I mean I'm givin out disease Through my mp3's but shit I don't care, fuck a Nike Air Yo Eko cut the track I'm the fuck outta here! I just want you to know nothing eva worries me [Chorus x 2] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Game f/ Eminem Album: The Documentary Song: We Ain't Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Hahahaha, ladies and gentlemen You are now about to witness the strength, Aftermath Straight out the motherfuckin streets of Compton Put yo' hands together.. The Game.. BITCH! HAHAHAHA.. (Yeah! Yeah motherfuckers! Compton's back on the motherfuckin map!) (Aftermath in that ass bitch! Game, let's go!) [The Game] Me and Marshall ain't start shit, they listen to our shit and talk shit about us, but that shit is foul when I'm tryin to feed my son and drop multi-platinum albums Make my mother proud that her son made it out But it's hard when they hate us, and think Em a racist They say shit, but fuck them, Shady one of the greatest Like Biggie and 'Pac was, we saw the throne was empty and decided to chase it, me him and 50 racin This rap shit is basic, I followed that Jay shit Think of what I wanna say, step in the booth, and one take it How could I not sell a million when I'm rappin on Dre hit Then spit that classical L.A. N.W.A. shit The media is bullshit, now we can't even say bitch They accusin Michael of touchin kids in the wrong places At first they embraced him, had a couple of facelifts Now people wanna place him with murderers and rapists They comin I can taste this, swear to God I erase 'em Put the clip in and waste 'em before I go out on that fake shit I'm so sick and tired of this black shit, this white shit So I sit here and write shit, Em they ain't gon' like this So they callin us (We ain't, goin, nowhere, so fuck you) (We ain't, goin, nowhere, so fuck you) [Em] This day, The Game, will never be the same [Dr] Things just ain't the same for gangsters [Em] The Game just isn't the same, it's changin [Em] It's a new Game! You're now about to witness the power [Eminem] Only Dre can, judge me for the mistakes I'm makin If I'm fakin, I'm Clay Aiken {*blam*} You ain't 50 and you ain't Game, you lame you tame bitch You're mild sauce, you ain't ready to make that flame switch You'll end up in the same situation, same shit Different day, just with different gangsters in your face, which way do you wanna face when your brains hit pavement Think of what you'll say to Pastor Ma$e and save it for the day that they got them affadavits wavin in my face lookin for answers, rap senssation Eminem battles to ward off, accusations That he had somebody blasted, the mask of Jason was found at the scene of the task with masking tape And the victim's penis up his ass, a basket case And they ask him to clean up his act, you bastards wastin too much time, me no kiss ass, and if that's the case Then we ain't goin The Game.. [The Game] Lo, get Dre on the phone quick Tell him Em just killed me on my own shit I'm walkin through 8 Mile, startin to get homesick I'ma do Shady numbers, I'm ridin my own dick Yeah the chrome sick, the windows tinted If Eminem is in it, body armor under the panel Ten these niggaz is killin it, take a minute to listen Turn down my Jimi Hendrix, I throw your demo out the window For tellin me it's hot when it's not and you got what you got from them rocks on the block you can stop tellin Dre you got shot with a glock that don't fade me I'm crazy, why the fuck you think I'm rhymin with Shady? I don't care if the radio don't play me; I say what I say when I feel like I'm Phil-in-the-Day And get hard when these bitches see my car in the streets I can't even take my son to cop them G-Unit sneaks So I'm gone bitch The Game.. (Yeahhhhhhhhhh! Oh!!) (Shut yo' ass up, Aftermath motherfucker) (Haha, Game, things changin, Dr. Dre, G-Unit!) (G-G-G-G-G-Unit!) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The High & Mighty f/ Eminem Album: Home Field Advantage Song: The Last Hit Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Intro: scratches by DJ Mighty Mi "Shady! That's me!" -> Eminem "High and Mighty Trilogy" -> Mr. Eon "Back with the flyest material" -> Erick Sermon "Shady... Sh... Shady!" -> Eminem "That that... that's me!" -> Eminem "High.. High and.. Mighty Trilogy" -> Mr. Eon "Back with the..." -> Erick Sermon 	"Funky... beats" [Mr. Eon] Packin this third eye, pursue a Cyclops They trade in they high tops for nice sized white rocks (Excuse me) Words in my right, that pass my left ear Your style is ass-out like the Bulls are next year (you're GONE) Fear this veneer, you get stung like virgins Who that cat splurgin instead of rehearsin? Tough guys, degentrify your high rise Lookin more like Ronald than them fuckin Fry Guys Go on uptown fuckin senoritas In Taco Bell screamin, "Viva gorditas!"  Bring all your dogs - I give em rabies They never had a chance like my two aborted babies (WAAAH!) Got Pope John Paul the 2nd, prayin to Satan Have your vegan girlfriend cookin up bacon on barbituates with that shit that you hit Smoke my spliffs withcha, cause spinal bifida [Eminem] My nine is liftin ya, six feet when I spray rounds Hit you with 12 shots in mid-air and four more on the way down as eight strays graze through a kid's hair on the playground You lay down on a stretcher (Don't get carried away now!) No pun intended, just hop out of your whip and leave it un-attended before I whip out this gun and end it Unless you want it dented with bullet holes any minute Cause I can leave your Infinite full of those even if someone's in it Snatch the airbag, hit the corner and park it Corner the market, I got her tied up in a chair and gagged Bitches get smacked and grabbed by the hair and dragged like cavewomen, while I'm gravediggin with Marilyn Man' Chorus: Mr. Eon, Eminem If you got a bowl of hash better cash it You got a satchel, flash it, I'ma take your last hit 	And if you spittin wack shit on the microphone 	I'ma snatch it outta your hand so fast I'ma detach it So if you got a bowl of hash, you better cash it You got a satchel, flash it, I'ma take your last hit 	I'm flabbergasted off two tabs of acid 	Threw my baby's mother in the hatchback and latched it [Mr. Eon] Yo yo, "Eon's wack now," how you think that? Couldn't get on my record if you were shrink rap (can I get a rhyme?) Desecrate a crate with these rhymes I be totin Let's go back online and jerk off on your modem I got stupid mucus from these loose lips My loose leaf leave your whole persona weak to the point that you stand up on your feet, best retreat Let's go back in time and steal my whole steez The Quickening, did a bris at the christening I'm exercisin, doing liftings and twistings Instinct's the nicest, I keep tellin you What the fuck this guy on the corner been sellin you?  [Eminem] (Here - buy this) I'm e-mailin you, at the wrong website and mispellin you, prank you and put the fear of hell in you Escaped Bellevue, stuffed the nurse in a purse Disperse like I added too many words in a verse Slim Shady, a perverted version of birth Drivin off, leaving a murdered virgin at church The first person who searchin the earth for the motherfucker  that pulled the plug when they shoulda alerted the surgeon first (Kill his ass) Get thrown curves, and hit with your own words Leave me alone bitch! I get on my own nerves And if I don't got two balls and a middle finger to throw up I'm takin off both shoes and stickin each middle toe up (Fuck y'all!!!!) Chorus [Eminem] Any disease out there I'm willin to catch it... Slim Shady... All praises to The High & Mighty Outro: scratches by DJ Mighty Mi "Slim Shady", "naughty rotten rhymer" 	"Mr. Eon", "illest rhyme dropper" "Slim Shady", "naughty rotten rhymer" 	"Mr. Eon", "illest rhyme dropper" "Slim Shady" "N....nau..naughty...ro..ro..rotten rhyme....rhyme..rhy..rhymer" 	"Mr. Eon" 	"Illest rhyme drop...drop..drop..dro..dro..rhyme dropper" The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Hush f/ Eminem, Swifty McVay, Kuniva Album: Bulletproof Song: Off to Tijuana Typed by: blizarfd@sbu.edu (sampled from Eminem's "Criminal") *Eminem whistling* [Teller] Hi [Eminem] How you doin'? [Teller] How can I help you? [Eminem] Yeah, I need to make a withdrawal...    *gun cocks* Put the fucking money in the bag, bitch, and I won't kill you [Teller] What? Oh my God, don't kill me [Eminem] I'm not gonna kill you, bitch. Quit fucking around [Teller] Don't kill me, I have two kids at home! [Eminem] I said I'm not gonna fucking kill you! [Teller] Don't kill me! [Eminem] Hurry the fuck up! *gunshot* Thank you! [Verse 1: Hush] I gotta keep this engine running (I'll be back) Pedal to the metal, Swifty better hurry up 'Cause I ain't going back to jail I don't wanna see my face up in Newsweek I'm sitting like a duck, like Tulley up in "Blue Streak" What the fuck is taking so long? (Hurry up, motherfucker, I'ma hit this gas and be GONE!) But I can't leave my homey (Hold up!) They all know me I'm the Jeff Gord-on of this bitch, the cops can blow me Fuck, who is that? Shit, I'm getting nervous Staring out this dirty windshield for any persons Damn, it's this bum, cleaning with a squeegee (Here's a dollar, motherfucker, now scram before they see me!) I hope they didn't ring the alarm (Shit) Swifty's gonna have to bomb, and then it fucks up the job But I don't care, as long as we flee this place 'Cause the last thing I need is a fucking police chase, shit Cool, here he comes, I hope he's got the stash (Yo nigga, pull off! We heading to the bank for some mo' cash!) Yo, there better be enough for me to get that maid back (Hey yo, don't worry 'bout that, dog, the cash is in our laps) (Chorus: Eminem) Put the money in the back, bitch, this is a stickup Anybody who moves is getting picked up, off the ground This is the sound, this is how its going down If I'm going down, then you're going down (down) Now this is the plot: we pull this off, then we split the pot We get caught, I'm peeling off, the deal is off But if we can pull this caper, then we can get this paper Then I'm going, off to Tijuana Come on, I'm ready if you are [Verse 2: Swifty McVay] ??? while I sit in the car chiefing In the mood to be thieving this season Hey yo, Hush, I'ma snatch what they ??? Pull over and I'ma rob this bitch for a purpose You can either read it or see it (What you mean, "Read it or see it?") It'll work, know what's worse? It's better than having to beat a bitch up out of her purse I been pacing this bank, patiently waiting For the day they get up in this motherfucker So don't drive away (I'll be right here!) Hey ('sup?) Nigga, pop the trunk so I can grab the AK And then I'm headed to the safe I'm at the counter in the teller's face "Yo, if anybody move, I'ma make spaghetti out of your wife!" (Don't shoot!) I hopped a gate, shot a citizen After he gave me the combination to open it And there was nothing but Benjamins Filled it back and jetted up, headed to the door Hush is in the front, revving up (Motherfucker, come on!) I jumped over the security, while he on the floor Trying to pull my feet, I shot him before he could draw Hit the street and we swerve No less than a hundred thousand in our back seat (Now I'm peeling off the curb) [Verse 3: Kuniva] I got some chips up my sleeve I walked in a 7-11 and grabbed Aviv And put the heat to his cheek Don't even think about moving Just gimme the loot and I'll be cruising Along with my day and it won't be a shooting (Mister, please don't hurt me! Here, have a Slurpee!) Oh my God, Aviv, shut the fuck up, your voice irks me All of this for three hundred seventy six dollars and eight cents? This robbery does not make sense Come on out bitch (scream) Yeah, you, behind the chip rack Your little stank ass is on the verge of getting pimp slapped Gimme your paper, your jewels, and all of your valuables Serious about that scrilla, Kuniva an animal Rushing out the front door, zigzagging and dodging traffic If it gets drastic, my automatic will start a blasting That's how we do it where I'm from, me, Swift, and Hush We ducking off, contemplating which lick to rush The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Hush f/ Bizarre Album: Bulletproof Song: Real T.V. Typed by: MCHUSH28@aol.com Bizarre: "Boys and girls... this is a broadcast brought to you by... some real ghetto Detroit shit..." [Verse 1] I tried to come up with a speech that heat seeks In a mans last stand with a heart that beats week Who each week turns on the tube to sneak peek And see the same dude on a screen in repeats (so) Consider every word that I spit Every song on my albums a movie and this is the pilot You're forced to eat rhymes and this a mere chapter of skills And here after you'll feel the FEAR FACTOR A lone diver in flows and more liver in shows With eye of the tiger like SURVIVOR You seen it all before I just inherit the title emcee Now it's me your new AMERICAN IDOL Without all of the bull or me in a seat rhyming I'll fuck Paula Abdul and beat the shit out of Simon I'm not your BIG BROTHER I'm JOE MILLIONAIRE With your bitch throwing hundred dollar bills in the air Back to life (hey yo I gotta take it) Back to reality (yeah) Back to the here and now (uh) Back to life (I gotta bring it) Back to reality (so I gotta take it) Back to the here and now (uh) [Verse 2] See I gotta change the channel in rap take it back as a hole One of these rappers try to act as THE MOLE Just an AVERAGE JOE or just a JACKASS Probably a BACHELOR with QUEER EYE for straight ass I'm no APPRENTICE I landed a DREAM JOB In a scene where each mob on the streets with teams rob We don't live A SIMPLE LIFE we live by ROAD RULES TIL DEATH DO US PART and the tools are old school Fuck ELIMIDATE I should start elimi-fake emcee Who's career is just 1 big mistake cuz This is the REAL WORLD where you watch from cheap seats WEAKEST LINK's get killed over beats and defeats 2 of the best died they don't find no murder weapon No suspects no TAXI CAB CONFESSION No search star killers the faces glazed over This entire case needs an EXTREME MAKEOVER (what) Bizarre: "Don't touch that dial... we'll be right back after these messages... you dirty filthy ass nasty son of a bitch..." (I gotta bring it) [Verse 3] I'm hot I don't stop when I'm taking a stand And keep my pockets Puffy like I'm MAKING THE BAND Won't be no TRADING SPACES or even A CHANGE OF HEART I don't use SCARE TACTICS I'll tear you apart This is reality to make it though BOOTCAMP WHO WANTS TO BE A MILLIONAIRE with a pocket of food stamps YOU GOTTA SEE THIS for THIRTY SECONDS OF FAME AMERICA'S MOST WANTED try and step in this game They water down the show with these hooks that just rival Ozzy OSBOURNE'S speech when he needs a sub-title I'm not in it for fame or even the props If I wasn't ripping mics you could find me on COPS Being chased by hands of fans for autographs And police who say I left them a trail of bloodbath For killing instrumentals from snares & kicks now To guitars & licks arrested and thrown in THE BIG HOUSE Bizarre: "This has been a public service announcement... from your man Hush... and I'm Bizarre from D-12... what the fuck... we about to shoot the club up... I'm gone... Rock City... Hush... Bizarre... Rap Guys Hahahaha... 2 rap guys... I'm out..." The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jadakiss f/ Eminem, Sheek, Styles P Album: Kiss of Death Song: Welcome to D-Block Typed by: master-luke@arcor.de * * send corrections to the typist [Intro] [Jada] This is my livelyhood [Em] That you fuckin with [Jada] AhhhhH!!!! This is it right here baby Hahaha No more hatin in the world [Em] Haha [Jada] You know It's gonna be what its gonna be [Em] RUFF RYDERS [Chorus - Eminem] Welcome to D Block, the city of broke down dreams With things ain't always peachy keen as they seem City of dope dealers, killers, pimps, pushers Pin handlers Hustlers and doped out fiends The sun don't shine here, in this part of town But we all got a town that's similar to this too Cuz every cities got a ghetto and every ghetto got a hood Take a good look around you cuz there's a D Block near you [Jadakiss] Place where ain't no body that proud, its a fuckin black cloud That got people under the impression they can act wild Workin around though, see if you can pull a trigger on the pound yo Wild men is flappin the whole town though Lot is assumin a niggaz salary More lies than truth definatly more rumors than reality Only way you beatin a body is a technicality Other than that catch em and clinton on a gallery The determination and dedication of disipline Listenin and catchin the jewels you was missin And they still doin coward shit You know the haters gonna always be heavy but the love overpowers it Somethin in the air but the older they get They kill you quicker over a girl than over a brick We don't play with the lizards, we make phrases up and say I'm exquisite Anytime you can pay us a visit [Chorus - Eminem] Welcome to D Block, the city of broke down dreams With things ain't always peachy keen as they seem City of dope dealers, killers, pimps, pushers Pin handlers Hustlers and doped out fiends The sun don't shine here, in this part of town But we all got a town that's similar to this too Cuz every cities got a ghetto and every ghetto got a hood Take a good look around you cuz there's a D Block near you [Eminem] Welcome to D Block, the might mighty D Block A place in New York City where Diddy won't even walk Its D Block, the part of yonder where I wouldnt be caught Without two pistols on me that'll be cocked in each pocket D Block don't even stop to talk, you just keep walkin Stick up kids every block who walks with that free op- -Portunity, as soon as you leave out that jewelry shop And you won't even notice your mind will be so preo- -Ccupied on that new watch you just copped You won't even see that ride pull up along side you You'll be shot fore you even realize you were spied over three blocks D Block the place where gees get knocked, locked up Get out come home for a week and get re-knocked You don't even see cops, hiphop police don't even stop On D Block, where everybody wants to be Pac And you can get popped over the new G Unit reboks [Chorus - Eminem] Welcome to D Block, the city of broke down dreams With things ain't always peachy keen as they seem City of dope dealers, killers, pimps, pushers Pin handlers Hustlers and doped out fiends The sun don't shine here, in this part of town But we all got a town that's similar to this too Cuz every cities got a ghetto and every ghetto got a hood Take a good look around you cuz there's a D Block near you [Sheek Louch] If you bust and your gun got niggaz on the run And you rep where you from nigga you D Block And you try to come home and your pockets is light as a cup They don't give a fuck, you D Block Aiyo bang bang nigga, let's get it on Homies been a monster, but its worst now that my son been born And every nigga where I be, I put in work for free It's D Block mothafucka, ayo grab this P [Styles P] Welcome to D Block, a place where lil niggaz is killaz And the mother's raisin a son That turns into Gorillaz And the hallways is pissy as hell, all we do is get bigger More ignorant, you send us to jail, my niggaz shoot anything that'll move Sell drugs, from the rise to the sun to the fall of the moon I'd die the way I stand With my man if I can when the shells come This is D Block ya'll welcome [Chorus - Eminem] Welcome to D Block, the city of broke down dreams With things ain't always peachy keen as they seem City of dope dealers, killers, pimps, pushers Pin handlers Hustlers and doped out fiends The sun don't shine here, in this part of town But we all got a town that's similar to this too Cuz every cities got a ghetto and every ghetto got a hood Take a good look around you cuz there's a D Block near you [Outro] Ruff Ryders! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z f/ Eminem Album: The Blueprint Song: Renagade Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Jay-Z] Motherfuckers - say that I'm foolish I only talk about jewels (bling bling) Do you fools listen to music or do you just skim through it? See I'm influenced by the ghetto you ruined That same dude you gave nothin, I made somethin doin what I do through and through and I give you the news - with a twist it's just his ghetto point-of-view The renegade; you been afraid I penetrate pop culture, bring 'em a lot closer to the block where they pop toasters, and they live with they moms Got dropped roasters, from botched robberies niggaz crotched over Mommy's knocked up cause she wasn't watched over Knocked down by some clown when child support knocked No he's not around - now how that sound to ya, jot it down I bring it through the ghetto without ridin 'round hidin down duckin strays from frustrated youths stuck in they ways Just read a magazine that fucked up my day How you rate music that thugs with nothin relate to it? I help them see they way through it - not you Can't step in my pants, can't walk in my shoes Bet everything you worth; you lose your tie and your shirt [Eminem] Since I'm in a position to talk to these kids and they listen I ain't no politician but I'll kick it with 'em a minute Cause see they call me a menace; and if the shoe fits I'll wear it But if it don't, then y'all'll swallow the truth grin and bear it Now who's these king of these rude ludicrous lucrative lyrics Who could inherit the title, put the youth in hysterics Usin his music to steer it, sharin his views and his merits But there's a huge interference - they're sayin you shouldn't hear it Maybe it's hatred I spew, maybe it's food for the spirit Maybe it's beautiful music I made for you to just cherish But I'm debated disputed hated and viewed in America as a motherfuckin drug addict - like you didn't experiment? Now now, that's when you start to stare at who's in the mirror and see yourself as a kid again, and you get embarrased And I got nothin to do but make you look stupid as parents You fuckin do-gooders - too bad you couldn't do good at marriage! (Ha ha!) And do you have any clue what I had to do to get here I don't think you do so stay tuned and keep your ears glued to the stereo Cause here we go - he's {*Jigga joint Jigga-chk-Jigga*} And I'm the sinister, Mr. Kiss-My-Ass it's just the [Chorus: Eminem + Jay-Z] [Em] RENEGADE! Never been afraid to say what's on my mind at, any given time of day Cause I'm a RENEGADE! Never been afraid to talk about anything (ANYTHING) anything (ANYTHING), RENEGADE! [Jay] Never been afraid to say what's on my mind at, any given time of day Cause I'm a {RENEGADE} Never been afraid to holler about anything {anything?} Anything {ANYTHING!} [Jay-Z] I had to hustle, my back to the wall, ashy knuckles Pockets filled with a lot of lint, not a cent Gotta vent, lot of innocent of lives lost on the project bench Whatchu hollerin? Gotta pay rent, bring dollars in By the bodega, iron under my coat, feelin braver Doo-rag wrappin my waves up, pockets full of hope Do not step to me - I'm awkward, I box leftier often My pops left me an orphan, my momma wasn't home Could not stress to me I wasn't grown; 'specially on nights I brought somethin home to quiet the stomach rumblings My demeanor - thirty years my senior My childhood didn't mean much, only raisin green up Raisin my fingers to critics; raisin my head to the sky Big I did it - multi before I die (nigga) No lie, just know I chose my own fate I drove by the fork in the road and went straight [Eminem] See I'm a poet to some, a regular modern day Shakespeare Jesus Christ the King of these Latter Day Saints here To shatter the picture in which of that as they paint me as a monger of hate and Satan a scatter-brained atheist But that ain't the case, see it's a matter of taste We as a people decide if Shady's as bad as they say he is Or is he the latter - a gateway to escape? Media scapegoat, who they can be mad at today See it's easy as cake, simple as whistlin Dixie while I'm wavin the pistol at sixty Christians against me Go to war with the Mormons, take a bath with the Catholics in holy water - no wonder they try to hold me under longer I'm a motherfuckin spiteful, DELIGHTFUL eyeful The new Ice Cube - motherfuckers HATE to like you What did I do? (huh?) I'm just a kid from the gutter makin this butter off these bloodsuckers, cause I'm a muh'fuckin [Chorus] - repeat 2X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Kid Rock f/ Eminem Album: Devil Without a Cause Song: Fuck Off Typed by: Simon R. A shimmy shimmy go go motha fuckin pop dance It's the K-K-Kid Rock with the K-K-Kid Rock shit I'm on top bitch and rock for tricks Hella whips and nips and flip trips for whips I get all the money pussy falls like rain Been gettin' laid and paid that's why I never complain And if I ain't in it for the money I'm in it for the P It's 1998 so and you still can't fuck with me You don't be fuckin' with the blue eye Fuckin' with my 2-5 up your fuckin' ass like my shoe size I got a new vibe, kinda like Voodoo You do what we say and we'll do what we wanna do We're fuckin' up your city and we're fuckin' up your progam Fuckin' all your bitches we can fuckin' give a goddamn Twisted Brown gets down with no assistance We won't quit until we're banned from existence Persistance pays if that holds true Then I'm gonna buy this fuckin' planet before the time I'm through I was praised and raised on the thoughts of no takings So let me get what I got comin' and the rest I'm takin' I'm shakin' like Jerry Lee Lewis and shit You act like a motherfucker's brand new at this shit But I've been true to this shit given' my heart and soul Been shinin' like a diamond, gettin' passed as coal So Fuck Off {Echos} Fuck Off, Fuck Off, Fuck Off, Fuck Off, Fuck Off Yeah With my pants half hangin' off my ass and shit Bowl filled hash pockets stuffed with cash I be the mushroom trippin' sippin' shots of Jack 'Cause the kids don't listen gettin' lots of flack I be the do wa diddy up and down you block and The 10 karat Kid with my triggers cockin' The K the I the D R-O-C K motherfucker and you still don't know me So blow me bitch I don't rock for cancer I rock for the cash and the topless dancers Don't have no answers so pass the joint I'm just paid in full and made in Detroit I ride like Setta in the Indy 5 And get live with that which get's me high Strive for perfection this much is true We do what we say you say what we do Kid Rock I couldn't be no Bozo And I get too much nina, ever be no homo Rock from Soho to Arizona I'm an easy rider dreamin' of Wynonna I roam the country like a Greyhound bus Put faith in lust and in God I trust I'm not Peter Pan I don't fuck with fairies But I bust more rhymes than virgin cherries And Harry Carey couldn't call my game Fucked so many hoes I'm in the hall of fame And I show no shame from coast to coast I don't mean to brag, but I like to boast Fuck Off {Echos} Fuck Off, Fuck Off, Fuck Off, Fuck Off, Fuck Off Yeah right in your mother fuckin' ass bitch With that Detroit city shit ain't shit swift we're on the same script Nothing new since 76 Kid Rock Yo Slim Shady come break these mother fuckers off (Eminem) Yo tell the world to hold their breath they're breathing in the wrong air This planet belongs to me and this hippy with long hair Two white boys who spike punch and light joints Hang around drugs loud music and like noise Slim Shady and Brown Trucker another bunch of mother fuckers Who hate the world just as much as each other And I ain't leaving this party tonight 'Til I see some naked bitches dancin' around drunk touchin' each other Rum and Pepsi got your whole perception of me sketchy 'Cause when I stage dive people are scared to catch me 'Cause all I do is curse and fuck So when I do 'shrooms you all better give me two rooms 'Cause I'm fuckin' the first one up So when you see me on your block you better lock your cars 'Cause you know I'm losin' it when I'm rappin' to rock guitars This is for children who break rules People that straight fool And ever single teenager that hates school Fuck Off The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: King Gordy f/ Bizarre (D12) Album: The Entity Song: Time to Die Typed by: Link10JK@aol.com [Chorus - King Gordy] I'm all alone in my basement with a gun. (I'm so high) I'm all alone in my basement with a gun. (Time to die) [Verse 1 - King Gordy] All the stories I'm livin. Paintin portraits of me being hanged and tortured by midgets. Am I worth the minion? Life of a skitzo that's playin a normal person. Hides it so good though He's prayin with you at church and he's takin your kids to football games, your favorite neighbor Who really just wants to cook your brains, and taste 'em later I'm that guy at that McDonald's that be serving your food You heard the news. Local worker done murdered to morning crew God told me to do it. I'm deaths angel Calm only when doing that Mary Jane girl The nicest person that you never want to meet Has to restrain himself from killing everyone he sees Blastin your brain with shells, hittin seven of your peeps A bastard that made hell, I'm who the devil wants to be Black magic, I'm sayin spells hoping the dead will come to me I'm all alone in my basement with a gun [Chorus - King Gordy] I'm all alone in my basement with a gun. (Pull the trigger, pull the trigger) (I'm so high) I'm all alone in my basement with a gun. (Pull the trigger, pull the trigger) (Time to die) I'm all alone in my basement with a gun. (Pull the trigger, pull the trigger) (I'm so high) I'm all alone in my basement with a gun. (Pull the trigger, pull the trigger) (Time to die) [Verse 2 - King Gordy] Ongoing investigations I've been compared to Jason Though he's for choppin up fourteens by the lake For God sakes their only fourteen Eyes open like they wide awake been dead for four weeks Smokin weed takin threonine Death is certain. Help me please, thinkin morbid things Self murder was corsin through my veins Horrible, hurts the brain Listen to Jimi Hendrix. Worshippin Kurt Cobain The ghetto Edgar Allan Poe Sever your head with a staff to the throat You're better off dead. Roll his ashes to smoke A sorry orphan kid that lived in foster homes Starved and torn man. Wish he had some parents of his own Now he walks the streets. Everyday thirsty for blood He been stalkin me, everyday running for us Give me some more lithium, I have the urge to bury shit I need some help for this, I got to stop killing my therapist [Chorus - King Gordy] I'm all alone in my basement with a gun. (Pull the trigger, pull the trigger) (I'm so high) I'm all alone in my basement with a gun. (Pull the trigger, pull the trigger) (Time to die) I'm all alone in my basement with a gun. (Pull the trigger, pull the trigger) (I'm so high) I'm all alone in my basement with a gun. (Pull the trigger, pull the trigger) (Time to die) [Verse 3 - Bizarre] I'm supposed to be playing professional hockey Short and stocky. With a hook like Rocky I'm deadly than full blown AIDs Matta fact, I got full blown AIDs from fuckin John Bennet My little girl got a heat exhaustion I thought that she would be alive after two weeks in Boston Sexy women... I fucking hate Tie me up with a rope and feed me corn flakes My grandmother... She just turned 75 For a gift I'm giving her a black eye Sex offender who calls himself Ronald Jacking my dick, watching the excersise channel My mother... she's a known slut My job is ear her pussy and make sure the grass is cut (Like this mommy?) On Van Dyke and Harper eatin a big baby It's not a hamburger... It's a fucking old lady [Chorus - King Gordy] I'm all alone in my basement with a gun. (Pull the trigger, pull the trigger) (I'm so high) I'm all alone in my basement with a gun. (Pull the trigger, pull the trigger) (Time to die) I'm all alone in my basement with a gun. (Pull the trigger, pull the trigger) (I'm so high) I'm all alone in my basement with a gun. (Pull the trigger, pull the trigger) (Time to die) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Killer Mike f/ Bizarre (D-12) Album: Monster Song: Creep Show Typed by: DJayowens@aol.com * * send corrections to the typist Welcome to the creep show, street show, freak show, peep show anything goes strippers and live shows It's the creep show, street show, freak show, peep show exctasy, hydro, and good blow It's the creep show, street show, freak show, peep show hoes strip, where pimps and hoes do strolls It's the creep show, street show, freak show, peep show Where hustlas collect rocks and straight rolls [Verse 1: Killer MIke] Welcome home motherfuckers your back again into the den of inequity the life of sin Where after the after party and the hotel lobbies probably find me drunk off Bacardi in a swank hotel an aspiring actress Trying to push her back through a thousand dollar mattress In Chicago a couple of bottles, couple of models, stolen Diablos Fast and furious going full throttle post club function, pills get swallowed Ladies get loose and so do bra staps power, money, and sex drive good raps Freaks emerge in a twilight with party pack  of hydros alchohol blurred eye sight From dusk til dawn is when vampires roam pro athletes trick and don't go home [Verse 2: Killer Mike] Riding with my nigga Big Boi you don't sleep even partied with Diddy up in NYC Got drunk, rubbed titties of Dominican freaks every night bachelor party in the boom boom room On trees get burned or liquor consumed you ain't really seen a color till you seen it on shrooms Lipstick on the pale of my Pelle Pele spot hotter than fish scales cooked in coked ale Vampire party and we gets it down in the undergrounds underground Underground in club commer's basement ladies and low lifes do get wasted So high you can't hear the music but you feel it when the bass hits the atmosphere like the first year Freak bass hit everybodys heart goes fast rolling Mitsubishi's shakin' that ass [Verse 3: Bizzare] Got twenties on the Escort, bitch park my shit It's Bizzare from D12 in this bitch (yeah) and wich nigga want to fight (what!) I'm the club with Suge Knight, Ike, and Killer Mike (how does it feel) Fat dick for all my enemies caught a disease fucking Roy and Jazzie T (a ha ha) My girlfriends a fucking fool when she turned her back I'm making out with her mother like I'm in high school (shhh) And I don't sale crack to my African brothers I sell it to they mothers and they ex-lovers (that's true) So go ahead bitch pop the X so I can work your neck in the back of my Vett (ahh!) Red bones, I hate 'em no question I like fat bitches with bladder infections (ughh) Bizzare get down from strokers to Magic City It's the creep show, show your nasty titties The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne f/ Eminem Album: Rebirth Song: Drop the World Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Lil Wayne] I got ice in my veins, blood in my eyes Hate in my heart, love in my mind I seen nights full of pain, days are the same You keep the sunshine, save me the rain I search but never find, hurt but never cry I work and forever try but I'm cursed so never mind And it's worse but better times seem further and beyond The top gets higher, the more that I climb The spot gets smaller, and I get bigger Tryin to get in where I fit in, no room for a nigga But, soon for a nigga it be on muh'fucker Cause, all this bullshit done made me strong muh'fucker! So I [Chorus: Lil Wayne] Pick the world up and I'ma DROP it on yo' fuckin head, yeah Bitch I'ma pick the world up and I'ma DROP it on yo' fuckin head, yeah And I could die now, rebirth motherfucker Hop up in my spaceship and leave Earth motherfucker I'm gone.. motherfucker I'm gone [Lil Wayne] Uhh, I know what they don't wanna tell you Just hope you're heaven-sent, and you're hell-proof I-I walk up in the world and cut the lights off And confidence is a stain they can't wipe off Huh, my word is my pride But wisdom is bleak and that's a word from the wise Served to survive, murdered and bribed And when it got too heavy I put my burdens aside So I could [Eminem] I'm gone... I'm gone, I'm gone It hurts but I never show, this pain you'll never know If only you could see just how lonely and how cold And frostbit I've become, my back's against the wall When push come to shove I just stand up and scream fuck 'em all Man it feels like these walls are closin in, this roof is cavin in Up it's time to raise it then, your days are numbered like pagers and My book of rhymes got 'em cookin boy, this crooked mind of mines  got 'em all shook and scared to look in my eyes I stole that fuckin clock I took the time And I, came up from behind and pretty much snuck up and butt-fucked this game up Better be careful when you bring my name up, fuck this fame that ain't what I came to claim but the game ain't gonna be the same on the day that I leave it But I swear one way or another I'ma make these fuckin haters believe it I swear to God, won't spare the rod I'm a man of my words so your fuckin heads better nod Or I'ma fuck around in this bitch and roast everybody Sleep on me that pillow is where your head'll lie Permanently bitch it's beddy-bye This world is my Easter egg, yeah prepare to die! My head is swole, my confidence is up, this stage is my pedestal I'm unstoppable, incredible, hoe you're trapped in my medicine ball I could run circles around you so fast your fuckin head'll spin dawg I'll split your cabbage and your lettuce and olives I'll fuckin [Eminem] I'm gone... I'm gone, I'm gone The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Livio f/ D-12 Album: My Life (Vol. 1) Song: Udontwantnun Typed by: jay_beezy_b_ez@hotmail.com [intro] You don't want none of it, none of it You know we come wit it, come wit it Go get your guns and clips, guns and clips Give them their punishment, punishment (Kill who we wanna kill, bust who we wanna bust) (Steal what we wanna steal, fuck who we wanna fuck) [verse one: Livio] Eh yo, I need a mic, I kick rhymes at the speed of light I'm a different person everyday, I wonder who I be tonight I got split personalities for niggas that try to challenge me I make 'em walk through galleries and get on they nerves like allergies I make 'em burn calories, I make 'em earn salaries Livio, I'm the one, I make rappers call me Your Majesty I'm blindin' ya eyesight, I feel like I been alive twice The SOURCE can't even deny this deserves more than five mics My style is hard, if ya bite me, you'll be chippin' ya tooth As soon as I get in the booth, niggas witness the truth I hit ya hard and tell Bizarre to get me the Proof You niggas might be dyin' to win, but ya livin' to lose I'm givin' you clues, you already forgettin' the news I came to make ya feet stank and take a shit in ya shoes Now, I got two niggas wit me, but you'll hear what I said first I'll make ya head burst and keep it rollin' like Fred Durst If you got a live album, I'll turn it into a dead verse I go berserk 'cause of the way my brain networks No matter where ya at, you do it here, do it there Ain't nothin' jockin' you niggas but a little bit of pubic hair, mothafucka [chorus] Niggas can't fuck wit me And you niggas is stuck wit me D-12 is up wit me And you niggas can't fuck wit me (2X) *2nd time background voice says* Kill who we wanna kill, bust who we wanna bust Steal what we wanna steal, fuck who we wanna fuck [verse two: Bizarre] Marchin' 90 ghosts, gold roast, plus plaque You laid on ya back, Bizarre overreacts Bitches and ballers, I'm stickin' Give you a 2-piece like Kentucky Fried Chicken From Seattle to Detroit, I gets gully I beat a bitch's ass who swear to God I'm Huggy You wanna fight? Let's throw up Ask Three-6 Mafia about the clubs we done tore up Bizarre come through wit a street cleaner You see so much Blood, you'd swear you was in Pasadena Battle? I'll run through ya crew Mad 'cause you ain't out like Playstation 2 Detroit, what?! You dealin' wit a fuckin' nut Fuck ya grandmother in the butt, call her a dirty slut You wanna battle? Skidaddle! 'Cause you ain't needed like Patrick Ewing in Seattle [chorus: (2X)] [verse three: Proof] I spit flames, Dirty Harry's the nickname Kidnap sluts and feed 'em crack like Rick James Neighborhood Spiderman, hype off Vicaden And generic vitamins snypin' through a rifle lens At ya church at who recitin' them triflin' Bible kins Then gank the Billy Blanks for his rank and tae-bo gyms Come hard when I write, wit slugs slide viagara Make you fall like Niagra, marvelous is haggler The bad batter that smash matter Make your chin a glass shatter, ya moms, I'll blast at her I'm a glock holder born in October A pot smoker that was high when I shot Oprah My cradle was knocked over, I'm not sober Bumpin' Biggie Smalls, run by wit two of Tupac's posters Proof and Livio love to spit a flow Make ya Faces of Death out ya next video [verse four: Livio] Yo, pass the mic and watch me come off fast as light They love to hear what I say when they got questions, they ask me twice I answer once, I don't spit rhymes to rhyme to I spit shit so you could tell when you bein' lied to I don't wanna be lied to, so I got nothin' to ask a liar Why even bother wit a man that make 'em suck like pacifiers? So pass the fire, fa sho, I drop the guillotine, fa sho, I got the killa green That shit that make me look like I'm from the Phillipines I'm talkin' chinky-eyed, I'll make a man scream so loud everyone think he died I'll cut off four of his fingers and let his pinky slide And take him deep down under, I mean it, brotha I'll jam you up like peanut butter And shine ya ass up till I make ya fart replenish I'll make ya heart diminish I take you start to finish, I plan on gettin' high as a cloud As soon as I break apart the spinach, yooo... You don't want beef wit me, my beef is heavy enough to break ya dish When you see me, make a wish 'cause I'm a leave you wet as a fish I ain't the type to tell 'em twice, Livio, let 'em learn They treatin' rap like doorknobs, and lettin' everyone get a turn Let the air hit emcees, be a part of hip-hop Man, you niggas couldn't rap if you worked at a giftshop Fuck you, fuck you, uh... mothafucka! [chorus: (6X)] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lloyd Banks f/ 50 Cent, Eminem, Nate Dogg Album: The Hunger for More Song: Warrior Part 2 Typed by: Gemini_20502K@blackplanet.com [Intro: Eminem] Woo!!! Yeah!!! Remix!!! (50 Cent: Ha Ha!!!) Lloyd Banks!!! (Lloyd Banks: Uh Huh!!!) Ha Ha!!! [Verse 1: Eminem] It's like a throne that he don't even own He won't sit down give him a crown he just throws it around It's like a joke he's like a king but he don't do a thing He don't want the diamonds, want the gold or want the jewelry He don't want the room and he don't want the loot he's in it for the sport Runnin circles 'round his competition on the court He appreciates your support but he ain't beggin for it And you can love and you can hate it but you can't ignore it, you can't be that ignorant But you can try to sell him short But you can't fuck with his last joint or the one before it And he was born to raise hell like them country boys And If I'm frontin then you better come confront me for it [Chorus: Nate Dogg] This is the story of a warrior and now you know it True warriors go ahead and make some noise It ain't healthy to be makin niggaz paranoid Hit your corner with my weapon I don't need my boys I'm doin a hundred twenty in the fast lane Kick back just relax let me do my thang Don't give a fuck about you suckers gotta maintain Money, power and respect in this rap game [Verse 2: Lloyd Banks] He's straight outta a neighborhood where niggaz hate To see you blow and eat your dinner off a bigger plate There stomachs ache while he's loungin in the big estate And he hops in a hundred thousand where the nigga stay, houses with a bigger gate Houndin him's a big mistake, he won't surrender he'll rather give up a rib to break Cause he remembers when they wouldn't lend a helpin hand Till he was sittin on green like a Celtics fan Created a buzz to where you gotta mention his name When you discussin the illest playa that's in the game And he's ridin with Em, 50 Cent, Doc and 'em G-Unit Records ain't a motherfucker stoppin them [Chorus: Nate Dogg] This is the story of a warrior and now you know it True warriors go ahead and make some noise It ain't healthy to be makin niggaz paranoid Hit your corner with my weapon I don't need my boys I'm doin a hundred twenty in the fast lane Kick back just relax let me do my thang Don't give a fuck about you suckers gotta maintain Money, power and respect in this rap game [Verse 3: 50 Cent] He's no magician man the kid does something out of nothin So that nigga's from his hood act like he owes him somethin They talk crazy till they send niggaz to where to buck him Ask him if it's a problem and he'll say nah it's nothin He was gonna help 'em out but since they funny fuck 'em He don't care how they feel they can hate him or love him He held his own on his own the kid is really thuggin He's rich now he ain't change so niggaz think he buggin He bulletproof everything cause niggaz try and buck him Keeps two pistols I'll show you where he tuck 'em Niggaz say they 'gon get at him but they can't touch him Try to catch you slippin then creepin he start bussin [Chorus: Nate Dogg] This is the story of a warrior and now you know it True warriors go ahead and make some noise It ain't healthy to be makin niggaz paranoid Hit your corner with my weapon I don't need my boys I'm doin a hundred twenty in the fast lane Kick back just relax let me do my thang Don't give a fuck about you suckers gotta maintain Money, power and respect in this rap game [Outro: Nate Dogg] I can give you niggaz somethin you can talk about I can turn your smile upside down You ain't no G you a fuckin clown I can take your girl and tu-turn her out Don't hold it in let it all out I can give you fuckers somethin to be mad about Invite her in send her back out With my DNA all in her mouth The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lloyd Banks f/ Eminem Album: H.F.M. 2 (The Hunger for More 2) Song: Where I'm At * Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  * iTunes bonus track [Intro: Eminem] Yeah, you got me I'm up now, it's your loss It sucks to be you [Eminem] History is like a point of no delay Keeps repeatin itself, what else can I say? You wonderin why I act this way I never should've gave you the time of day Guess you know what time it is now, ay? There must've been a gust of wind Cause you change your mind every time it blows and you just changed it a-muh'fuckin-gain You just said you just wanted some dick, 'fore I stuck it in I wouldn't have been such a prick to you, fuckin men You say you don't trust 'em Why do I hear the sound of toilets flushin? Some shit is goin down You must've just not have been truthful from the start See for me it'd be nothin to say you never had my heart but I'd be lyin Fuckin see why they call this bullshit a relationship, ships sink And you know it's love as soon as you fall in it cause shit stinks And it feels like every time I fuckin do, I get jinxed Cupid must've put a curse on me, six weeks have went by, and we only spoke twice I'm sittin in your driveway callin you from the car, suffice I think it's safe to say you're not at home I'm callin your cell phone you answer but I can tell though, that you're not alone How was I to know? It should've been time to go a long time ago; I kept holdin on It's comical when I think back now, why I couldn't get the hint You feel the draft you were thrown, I wasn't catchin your drift But there's a cold breeze blowin over me, I'm over you Success is the best revenge to pay you back, and that payment is overdue I overcame odds to get even The sober me is shittin all over the un-sober you And I hope they play this at every club that you're goin to I'm hauntin you bitch, everywhere you turn I'm followin you Cause I loved you with every ounce of me, you know it's true It's killin you now, yeah I hope the hoe dies slow in you It's cause of you now I don't trust 'em at all, fuck 'em Middle finger up, I'ma just keep grabbin my balls, cup 'em I never fall again, I trip on stairs, I fall up 'em So buttercup don't try to come back knockin on my door all dolled up Cause I'm movin on, don't worry about me Cause I'ma be just fine without you, you'll see There ain't no one on this Earth right now I'd much rather be Cause God damnit I'm glad that I'm me [Chorus 2X: Eminem] I said if you could be where I'm at (bye bye) You'd wanna be you too (I'm livin without you) If you felt the way I feel I bet you'd be in as good a mood as I am But you don't cause you just feel like you [Lloyd Banks] Uhh, I've had it for the last time, your actions got me hot as my last rhyme Your options are leave or get put out, granted your ass fine But fine just ain't gon' cut it, drama's what you're in love with You and your bitches you run with, lately I'm feelin smothered You snooped around for dirt to be uncovered Conceited with Cover Girl motives, I gotta rise above it You think them models lovin me, I'm thinkin 'bout who doesn't Doesn't really matter what you say, sickness in my stomach Told you I was gon' be splittin, you don't think I mean it? Meant through with everything that I got, fuck you, ain't no secret No apologies you keep it, now that I'm doin my thing and you peep it The badder times all outweigh the recent Your energy, who needs it? Every rumor you hear you go believe it Point out the times you seen it, you stabbed me should've linked it Revenge is mine, I need it, need a way out It's my fuckin life, let her find a way to stay out Bet you thought I'd break, it ain't that easy Bet you thought I'd need you a million times before you need me Leave me everything that I gave to you, ain't no freebies, get your coat and go The female Pinocchio, money hungry hopeless hoe You fuckin with my focus so, go back to that trunk and play the role befo' Love is like a cancer when you don't let go (go) I'ma blow for sho', unnecessary weight makes the boat go slow I don't need you sinkin us, hope you float Lyin through my teeth, I hope you don't (drown, drown) Now the sound of that be dope, bottles pop hourly smoke Hit me the pride that we broke, let them girls crowd on me go If they got somethin to show, let them show me I don't love 'em, never lonely, never even left a scar You fell hard, I'm laughin, ha ha ha ha ha Tire smoke, fancy car, nothin is what we are No beginnin, no tomorrow... {*echoes*} Cause I'm movin on, don't worry about me Cause I'ma be aight without you, you'll see [Lloyd Banks + Eminem] There ain't no one on this Earth right now I'd much rather be Cause God damnit I'm glad that I'm me [Eminem] I said if you could be where I'm at (I'm at, I'm at...) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Madd Rapper f/ Eminem Album: Tell 'Em Why U Madd  Song: Stir Crazy Typed by: SL1MSHADY4@aol.com (uhh, hell yea man, hm, oh fuck yeah when I'm not at home, beating my shit to death I'm listening to the Madd Rapper's album This is Ken Kaniff, and I'm still mad as hell...fuck you) (Eminem) I'm crazy with this razor with this razor I'm crazy With this crazor I'm razy, razor crazed I'm crazy! (Ok I'm Re-Loaded!!) Go Bring Jay-Z!!! (Tell them him I'ma ghostwrite for him!!) Over Dre's Beats!!! Ran in the ladies room naked in a blanket At the banquet and started to spank it (AHHH!!) Came in the bank with a tank, fired a blank At the clerk and handcuffed her ankles to the safe and thanked her But I didn't take nothing (Thanks!) Every bullet came from the same gun Just from different angles, cause I was pickin' strange places to aim from (Mad Rapper: Man, I bet you 50 bucks you won't jump out the window Shady)  (Ahhhh!!) Pay me (Madd Rapper) Psych, no way fucked up in the head Shot my girl and my sister cause I caught them in bed (Wait, wait, wait) I'm a crazy mothafucka might shoot me a fed Or I just might start a fist fight instead See as far as the dough go I go loco, see me pumpin gas at your local Sunoco Stuck off the hydro mixed with cocoa Jump turnstyles, then run from po po Chorus: (2x) Life stinks, we dont give a fuck son, we crazy Tear up the clubs and do drugs, we crazy Fuck wild ho's and bust slugs, we crazy Madd rapper is crazy, Slim Shady is (CRAZY!!!) (Madd Rapper) Yo yo, i wish I'd been aborted My pockets got a shortage Everything I wanna floss I can't afford it I'm tryin to sell a O', my pops tryin' to snort it My daughter's babysitter is about to be deported I'm mad cause I still stand in line for clubs Mad cause my rottweiler still shits on the rugs (God Dammit Spike!!!) Feeling kinda crazy now, I just might flip out Slim Shady gave me shrooms and I might trip out, like... (Eh.... Oh... Dude... That shit's crazy man... oohhhh..... This is  incredible... ohhh....) Fuck that Slim keep that for yourself You a crazy white dude and u need some help, word (Eminem) I got a beautiful wife, kids and a gorgeous home What would make jump in the tub with a cordless phone? I'm straight viscious I hit you with plates and dishes Leave you eight stitches, what I'm gay cause I hate bitches? Slut dont be nice to me, I've had it with girls And i'll still be mad at the world, even if it apoligized to me (Sorry!) You're hearing the last thoughts of a man about to blow his fuckin' brains out Fall back with a blood stained blouse on top of his spouse Spread out on a blood stained couch  In front of his kids that he just killed in the same house I'm sicker than Boy George picturin' Michael Jackson  In little boys' drawers shoppin' at toy stores **whistling** Shady said it, Shady meant it, I stay demented I'll throw a stroller at u, with a baby in it Go ahead pull the plug, think I won't smack you I just dropped a fuckin' pill mom, dont vacuum!!! Chorus (2x) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Method Man f/ Kon Artis, Streetlife Album: Tical 0: The Prequel Song: Crooked Letter I Typed by: CnoEvil@Wu-Lyricz.Com [Intro: Streetlife (Method Man)] Ooooh! We have returned Yeah, show you how to flow again (show you how to flow again) It's the rap rule again (hehehehe) Yo, yo.. [Streetlife] (Method Man) Street, Meth, we ride like A.C. and O.J. (y'all niggaz crazy!) I runs up on you in broad days, I'm a Loose Link I carry's the Heaterz, always Small timers, get left for dead in the hallways It's that ill breed, move in warp speed, follow my lead (Me and my Co-D's, about to O.D.) let me procede I'm that O.G., you're not in my league (you know my steez) I put the smackdown, on you killer clown M.C.'s [Method Man] (Streetlife) I rock for all my niggaz (I rock for all my niggaz) That's why I hurt to be here, okay, let me see here Stat' Land, crooked letter is I, we back, man Harder than a dick on viagra gettin' a lap dance Hittin' like a back hand (I slap y'all kids) As if we in a game of spades, and y'all renig' John Blaze, not the clothing, cuz some of that is slum (Son, I'm already knowin') cut they jeans mad young [Chorus 2X: Kon Artis] In the Crooked Letter I, it's do or die Shit, every man fights to stay alive In the Crooked Letter I, you should not try Meth Tical, Streetlife, Killa Bee, why.. [Method Man] (Streetlife) Stingy with my dough, even stingier with dojia' (Told y'all) You'll never go broke, long as I yo'ya Maintain your composure, or party over For stank bitches, who get it, twisted like yoga Holla for a dollar, yea, and y'all ain't gotta go home (But y'all gotta get the fuck outta here) Who stay "Lo" like Jennifer, won't see me a lot But when you see Vivica, tell her she a "Fox" [Streetlife] (Method Man) We rollin', big truck, sittin' on chrome (twistin' a bone) Talkin' to a bird on the bat phone Zonin', out the area, roamin' The closest you could come to my style, maybe, is clonin' The omen (I'm warnin' you now!) Niggaz is holdin' Run up, watch me put one up in your colon Chizzle town, thugs in the club, like chicks posin' Lambchop niggaz is sheep in wolf clothing [Chorus 2X] [Streetlife] (Method Man) Beware, danger, shoot off your flares Warn all your dogs (tell 'em we here) The Stat' (we don't bust our guns in the air) Never that, y'all don't come out til the coast is clear (Who you suppose to fear) Street, I fears no one You all thumbs, I probably murder you with your gun When I start lettin' off (niggaz is jettin' off) You straight chicken broth, we holes in your terrycloth [Method Man] Double O, 3, long time no see Who mind parts seas, and cause blind to see Some think this industry is just all rhyme and G Then he make it to the door, and he can't find the key Don't know what it be, to make y'all follow my lead Or make this pretty thing on her knees swallow my seed If rap wasn't rap no more, what would it be I don't know, I'd be zonin' sometime, must be the weed... that's that shit [Chorus to fade] [Outro: Streetlife (Method Man)] Yeah, Homicide Housing, Loose Linx Carlton Fisk, D.C., rest in peace To the Million Dollar Kid, Y (S.I., N.Y., 10304) Sick eyes, Size 7 Big Nut, what up (Big up to Denaun, good lookin' on the track, nigga Matter fact, I'mma call Staten Island the tri-borough, now on Cuz we'll "tri" any fuckin' thing) Homicide Housing.. (Fuck y'all) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Method Man f/ Kon Artis, Redman, Snoop Dogg Album: Tical 0: The Prequel Song: We Some Dogs  Typed by: imerese420@netscape.net [Chorus: Kon Artis - repeat 2X] If I'm a dog, then we some dogs We all gunna chase cats, tell them dog Girl don't waste that swallow it all  We just some dogs, we just some dogs [Method Man] By any means necessary, it's on Bitch, your fucking with a dog, all I wanna do is bury some bones Take a piss on a tree and I'm gone, girlfriend don't get it wrong I hate to be the one to shit on your lawn, but I ain't got my dog license I ain't nothing nice, and I ain't never met a piece of pussy I ain't liking Sugar and spicing, kicked up with ice and, you can do anything with these hoes Except housewife them, like snoop said "it ain't nothing but a G thing"  Got a bitch in my bed, in nothing but a g-string, so peep game Who the lucky female to taste these, snips and snails and puppy dog tails huh? You're messing with me, I'm messing with you, I'm a dog trick I chase cats like Peppy La Pu, dead on shit My life's like a Holiday Inn, if my girl act up I'm gunna fuck her friend, if I'm a what... [Redman] I'm a dog motherfucker, I walk on all fours Find where you live at, shit on your porch, Redman is hungry Don't leave the food out, I'm pumped like a Pamela Anderson boob job Straight up bulldog, mixed with a Shizhsu cause I bullshit, party a little bit Swim with the shark, you're bound to drown My weed is like green, and yours brown The doctor the dog, from Cali to Georgia When cats meow with noting on top they halter I don't have Yemen that laugh when I laugh We some dogs, we can kiss our own ass Like a golden retriever, retrieving the chronic The dose nose bitch, and no need to hide it - Redman a flirt Always get my nuts stuck to the porch, like the dog on Joe Dirt [Chorus][2x] [Snoop Dogg] Fish don't fry in the kitchen, bitch don't climb, keep bitching Beans don't burn on the grill, 3, 4, 5 with the pimping, hoes get your pimps permission Now pay attention, the big D-O double to the G-O to the liquor store to crack a hoe and get some VO (VO) And mix it with some pena colidino then slip it on the bitch then I dip with all her c-notes Scandalous, yep bitch cause we know every pretty hoe always down to pull a d-low On me? No, so there wont be no shaking me down, breaking me down, here we go You know I'm just oh so slick the way you chew that bubble gum, the way you sucking a dick And I can tell, that you a freak I wanna stick some dick up in you can I skeet, skeet Don't you know why? [Chorus] [Repeating till fade] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Missy 'Misdemeanor' Elliott f/ Eminem Album: Da Real World Song: Busa Rhyme Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Missy] Slim Shady (4X) [Eminem] Well I do pop pills, I keep my tube socks filled and pop the same shit that got Tupac killed Spit game to these hoes, like a soap opera episode and punch a bitch in the nose, til her whole face explodes There's three things I hate: girls, women and bitches I'm that vicious to walk up, and drop-kick midgets They call me Boogie Night, the stalker that walks awkward Stick figure, with a dick bigger than Mark Wahlberg Comin through the airport, sluggish, walkin on crutches Hit a fuckin [*pregnant chick*] in her [*stomach*] with luggage It's like a dream I can't snap out, I black out, and back out I'm lookin for someone "of" to beat the crap "out" I'm bringin you rap singers two middle fingers I flip you off in French, then translate in English Then I'ma vanish off the face of the planet and come back speakin so much Spanish, Pun can't even understand it [Missy] Won't you busa rhyme for me boy .. Slim Shady [Shady] Yeah [Missy] Won't you busa rhyme for me boy .. Slim motherfuckin Shady [Shady] Yeah [Missy] Won't you busa rhyme for me boy .. Slim Shady [Shady] Yeah [Missy] Won't you busa rhyme for me boy ..  [Eminem] I had a huge attitude, started off staticky Mad at you, had you mad at me automatically (one more time) I'm not a commodity, I'm an oddity who oddly enough developed himself a Halloween following It's so big, if I counted up all the freaks who follow me I'd probably owe Ozzy Osbourne an apology College girls, live in an alcoholic's world full of earl, head twirls every time the toilet swirls *flush* Covered in throw-up, and I refuse to grow up I won't budge, I still tell a grown-up to shut up (SHUT UP!) I made this rap game suspenseful, cause now I got a impulse to give you insults wrote with a pencil (bitch) and waste the paper on you, choppin down the oakwood Cause everything that you wrote in your notebook was no good And as long as I stay in the studio and keep cuttin You motherfuckers are puttin your words together for nuttin [Missy] Won't you busa rhyme for me boy .. Slim Shady [Shady] What's the deal? [Missy] Won't you busa rhyme for me boy .. Slim motherfuckin Shady [Shady] Yeah.. who? [Missy] Won't you busa rhyme for me boy .. Slim Shady [Shady] What's the deal? [Missy] Won't you busa rhyme for me boy ..  [Missy] Turn the music up, we gon' wake the neighbors We gon' get high, we gon' roll to Vegas Me and Slim Shady, on some shit daily What you want what you got is it hot? (Is it hot?) Turn the music up, we gon' wake the neighbors We gon' get high, we gon' roll to Vegas Me and Slim Shady, on some shit daily What you want (yo) what you want (yo) ahh uhh yo 	"A person from another planet might disagree with you" 	"Well if you want my opinion, it comes from right here on Earth" [Eminem] Slim Shady.. Misdemeanor.. Timbaland.. Slim Shady.. Misdemeanor.. I'm homicidal, and suicidal with no friends Holdin a gun with no handle, just a barrel at both ends Sprayin tecs at you until you see your fuckin legs with the bullet holes and the exit wounds layin next to you (AHH!) Fuckin mad dog, foamin at the mouth Fuck mouth, my whole house, is foamin at the couch Jumped out of the 93rd floor of a building and shot every window out on the way down to the ground (KEEP FILMING!) Woke up to a hospital staff, got up and laughed, chopped em in half Suffocated the oxygen mask Shit if I get any higher, I'ma get the East and West beefin again Slide back to Detroit and stand in the crossfire [Missy] Y'all better call the police 'fore I kill this track Don't shoot Missy!!! Get back Uhh, I'ma put you all in the line Uhh, and I'ma watch you MC's die Yo mommy, mommy, Missy done lost her mind! I think somebody done pissed her off this time! Yo, I'ma have to bust you through your chest and uhh, you will have to clean up the mess (uh-huh) It's rainin rainin and it's pourin loud Never fear, cause pissy Missy's through the crowd Uhh, I hear the gats go cha-pow Who shot me damnit? Bitch get down Don't walk when I talk, I never talk when I smile (uh-huh) Lay em on down, like they lived underground (uh) For the sound, that me and, Timbaland, we found Get your ass, kicked later, or get your ass, kicked now Uhh.. one-two Misdemeanor, Slim Shady Timbaland, motherfucker Uhh uhh uhh Cool, cool, cool Triple zero The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nicki Minaj f/ Eminem Album: Pink Friday Song: Roman's Revenge Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Nicki Minaj] I am not Jasmine, I am Aladdin So far ahead, these bums is laggin See me in that new thing, bums is gaggin I'm startin to feel like a dungeon dragon RAHHH RAHHH, like a dungeon dragon I'm startin to feel like a dungeon dragon Look at my show footage how these girls be spazzin  So fuck I look like gettin back to a has-been? Yeah I said it, has-been Hang it up, flat screen Ha ha... plasma "Hey Nicki, hey Nicki!" Asthma I got the pumps, it ain't got medicine I got bars.. sentencin I'm a bad bitch, I'm a cunt And I'll kick that hoe, punt! Forced trauma.. blunt You play the back, bitch I'm in the front You need a job, this ain't cuttin it Nicki Minaj, is who you ain't fuckin with You lil' braggart I'll beat you with a padded lock I am a movie, camera block You out of work, I know it's tough ... But enough is enough [Chorus: Nicki Minaj] Rahhh rahhh, like a dungeon dragon Ra-rahhh rahhh, like a dungeon dragon Ra-rahhh rahhh, like a dungeon dragon Like a dungeon dragon, like a dungeon dragon Ra-rahhh rahhh, like a dungeon dragon  Ra-rahhh rahhh, like a dungeon dragon Ra-rahhh rahhh, like a dungeon dragon Like a dungeon dragon, like a dungeon dragon [Eminem] I ain't into S&M, but my whip's off the chain A little drop of candy paint drips off the frame Twisted-ass mind got a pretzel for a brain An eraser for a head, fuckin pencil for a frame! You don't like it then peel off bitch Every last woman on Earth I'll kill off And I still wouldn't fuck you slut so wipe the smile on your grill off I swear to God I'll piss a Happy Meal off Get the wheels turnin, spin the wheel off Snap the axle in half, bust the tie rod Quit hollerin "Why God?" He ain't got shit to do with it, bygones will never be bygones, so won't be finished swallowin my wad I ain't finished blowin it, nice bra Hope it'll fit a tough titty bitch, life's hard I swear to God life is a dumb blond white broad with fake tits and a bad dye job who just spit in my fuckin face and called me a fuckin tightwad So finally I broke down and bought her an iPod and caught her stealin my music, so I tied her arms and legs to the bed, set up the camera and pissed twice on her Look, two pees and a tripod! The moral to the story is life's treatin you like dry sod Kick it back in its face, my God It's Shady and Nicki Minaj, you might find the sight quite odd But don't ask why bitch {ask why not} The world, world, is my punchin bag and If I'm, garbage you're a bunch of maggots Make that face, go on scrunch it up at me Show me the target so I can lunge and attack it! Like a {rahh, rahh} like a dungeon dragon You fell off, off, they musta bumped your wagon You musta went off the back, I'm 'bout to go off the deep end Told you to stay in your lane, you just jumped in traffic [Nicki Minaj] I-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-is this the thanks that I get for puttin you bitches on? Is it my fault that all of you bitches gone? Should've sent a Thank You note, you little hoe Now I'ma wrap your coffin with a bow "N-N-Nicki, she just mad cause you took the spot" W-w-word? That bitch mad cause I took the spot? Well bitch, if you ain't shittin then get off the pot Got some niggaz out in Brooklyn that'll off your top I-I-I-I hear the mumblin, I hear the cacklin I got 'em scared, shook, panickin Overseas, church, Vatican You at a stand, still, mannequin You wanna sleep on ME? Overnight? I'm the motherfuckin boss, overwrite And when I pull up, VROOM, motorbike Now all my niggaz get buck, overbite I see them dusty-ass Filas, Levi's Raggedy Anns, holes in your knee-highs I call the play, now do you see why? These bitches callin me MANNING, Eli (Manninnnnng!) Ma Ma Ma-Ma-Ma MANNING, Eli (Eliiiiiiiiiiii!) These bitches callin me MANNING, ELI! [Eminem] Wa, wa, wa, wa, wa-wa-wa-wa-wa All you lil' faggots can suck it No homo but I'ma stick it to 'em like refrigerator magnets And I'm crooked enough to make strait-jackets BEND Yeah, look who's back again bitch, keep actin as if you have the same passion I have Yeah right, still hungry my ass, you ass-dicks had gastric bypass Ain't hot enough to set fire to dry grass And 'bout as violent as hair on eyelids {eyelash!} Go take a flying leap of faith off a fuckin balcony 'fore I shove a falcon wing up your fly ass You know what time it is so why ask? When Shady and Nicki's world's clash when {high class} meets {white trash} [Outro: Nicki] Roman, Roman! Stop it, stop it! You've gone mad, mad I tell you, mad! You and this boy Slim Shady, what's going on? They'll lock you away, they'll put you in a jail cell I promise, take your mother's warning Roman pleeeeeeeeeeeeeeease Back to bed, run along Let's go, come on Wash your mouth out with soap boys {*echoes*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Notorious B.I.G. f/ Eminem Album: Born Again Song: Dead Wrong (Remix) * Typed by: iKoN@cyber-wizard.com, OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash * the original version on promo 12" does not feature Eminem [Puff]	Bad Boy baby [Big]	Yeah.. yeah.. 	Junior M.A.F.I.A., yeah.. [Puff]	Yeah.. B.I.G. 2000 	B.I.G. 2000 Born Again.. c'mon.. Chorus: Notorious B.I.G. The weak or the strong, who got it goin on You're dead wrong The weak or the strong, who got it goin on You're dead wrong [Notorious B.I.G.] Relax and take notes, while I take tokes of the marijuana smoke Throw you in a choke - gun smoke, gun smoke Biggie Smalls for mayor, the rap slayer The hooker layer - motherfucker say your prayers Hail Mary full of grace.. smack the bitch in the face; take her Gucci bag and the North Face  off her back, jab her if she act funny with the money oh you got me mistaken honey I don't wanna rape ya, I just want the paper The Visa, kapeesha? I'm out like, "The Vapors" Who's the one you call Mr. Macho, the head honcho Swift fist like Camacho, I got so much style I should be down wit the Stylistics Make up to break up {*singing in background*} niggaz need to wake up Smell the indonesia; beat you to a seizure Then fuck your moms, hit the skins til amnesia She don't remember shit! Just the two hits! Her hittin the floor, and me hittin the clits! Suckin on the tits! Had the hooker beggin for the dick And your moms ain't ugly love; my dick got rock quick I guess I was a combination of House of Pain and Bobby Brown I was "Humpin Around" and "Jump-in Around" Jacked her then I asked her who's the man; she said, "B-I-G" Then I bust in her E-Y-E (Yo Big, you're dead wrong) Chorus 2X + "I don't care what nobody say" sample (4X at start) [Notorious B.I.G.] When I get dusted, I like to spread the blood like mustard Trust it, my hardcore rain leaves you rusted Move over Lucifer, I'm more ruthless, huh Leave your toothless, you'll kibbitz, I'll flip it Tears don't affect me, I hit 'em with the tech G Disrespect me - my potency is deadly I'm shootin babies, no ifs ands or maybes Hit mummy in the tummy if the hooker plays a dummy Slit the wrist of little sis After she sucked the dick, I stabbed her brother with the icepick because he wanted me to fuck him from the back but Smalls don't get down like that Got your father hidin in a room; fucked him with the broom Slit him down the back and threw salt in the wound Who you think you're dealin with? Anybody step into my path is fuckin feelin it! Hardcore, I got it sucked like a pussy Stab ya til you're gushy, so please don't push.. me I'm using rubbers so they won't trace the semen The black demon, got the little hookers screamin Because you know I love it young, fresh and green with no hair in between, know what I mean? Chorus 2X + "I don't care what nobody say" sample (4X at start) [Puff]	Ladies and gentlemen.. [Eminem] There's several different levels to Devil worshippin: horse's heads, human sacrifices, canibalism; candles and exorcism Animals havin sex with 'em; camels mammals and rabbits But I don't get into that, I kick the habit - I just, beat you to death with weapons that eat through the flesh And I never eat you unless the fuckin, meat looks fresh I got a lion in my pocket, I'm lyin, I got a nine in my pocket and baby I'm just, dyin to cock him He's ready for war, I'm ready for war I got machetes and swords for any faggot that said he was raw My uz' as, heavy as yours, yeah you met me before I just didn't have as large an arsenal of weapons before Marshall will step in the door, I lay your head on the floor With your body spread on the bedspread, red on the wall red on the ceilin, red on the floor, get a new whore Met on the second, wet on the third; then she's dead on the fourth - I'm dead wrong Chorus 2X + "I don't care what nobody say" sample (4X at start) Chorus repeats to fade.. [Puff Daddy] Uh-huh, and we won't stop, because we can't stop The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Notorious B.I.G. f/ Eminem, Busta Rhymes Album: Dead Wrong 12" (White Label) Song: Dead Wrong (Remix) (Alternate Version) Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash, no1wammy@hotmail.com [Puff Daddy]  Bad Boy baby [Notorious B.I.G.] Yeah      Yeah      Junior M.A.F.I.A.      Yeah [Puff Daddy]  Yeah      B.I.G. 2000      B.I.G. 2000 Born Again      Come on Chorus: The Notorious B.I.G. & Puff Daddy The weak or the strong Who got it goin' on? You're dead wrong The weak or the strong Who got it goin' on? You're dead wrong [Verse 1: The Notorious B.I.G.] Relax and take notes While I take tokes of the marijuana Smoke Throw you in a choke Gun smoke, gun smoke Biggie Smalls for mayor The rap slayer The hooker layer Motherfucker, say your prayers Hail Mary, full of grace Smack the bitch In the face Take her Gucci bag And her North Face off her back Jab her if she act Funny with the money, oh, you got him mistaken, honey I don't wanna rape ya I just want the paper The Visa Kapeesha? I'm out like "The Vapors" Who's the one you call Mr. Macho The head honcho Swift fist like Cumacho I got so Much style, I should be down with The Stylistics Make up to break up Niggas need to wake up Smell the indonesia Beat you to a seizure Then fuck your moms, hit the skins to amnesia She don't remember shit Just the two hits Her hittin' the floor And me hittin' the clits Suckin' on the tits Had the hooker beggin' for the dick And your moms ain't, ugly, love My dick got rock quick I guess I was a combination of House Of Pain and Bobby Brown I was Humpin' Around and Jump-in Around Jacked her, then I asked her, "Who's the man?" She said, "B.I.G." Then I bust in her E-Y-E (Yo B.I.G., you're dead wrong) Repeat Chorus Twice [Verse 2: Eminem] There's several different levels to Devil worshippin': horse's heads Human sacrifices, canibalism, candles and exorcism Animals having sex with 'em, camels, mammals and rabbits But I don't get into that, I kick the habit, I just Beat you to death with weapons that eat through the flesh And I never eat you unless the fuckin', meat looks fresh I got a lion in my pocket, I'm lyin' I got a nine in my pocket, and baby I'm just Dyin' to cock him He's ready for war I'm ready for war I got machetes and swords for any faggot that said he was raw My uzis Heavy as yours, yeah you met me before I just didn't have as large an arsenal of weapons before Marshall will step in the door I lay your head on the floor With your body spread on the bedspread Red on the wall Red on the ceilin', red on the floor, get a new whore Met on the second, wet on the third, then she's dead on the fourth I'm dead wrong Repeat Chorus Twice [Verse 3: Busta Rhymes] How many licks does it take to the center of my Tootsie Roll? (Or) How many nuts to the center of your booty hole? Hold on, shorty, cause I'm about to slap this groupie nigga Jab this fluesy nigga, watch 'em bleed, then shit dookie, nigga Spooky nigga, you gettin' skinny like you Pookie, nigga Blood spill got you laggin' out like that soupie nigga Smoke this Lucy nigga, time passin' on the frank mic Watch 'em dyin' slow, then see ya skin, you start to change color My goons lay the flood, leave you layin', drippin' blood Then ended up fingerfuckin' your mother at a strip club We dead wrong for how we gutter like how in the sudden Fascinated how all of this street shit, we straight mother Fuck it We thug rugged to the tenth power Like B.I.G. was listenin' So Gimme The Loot for the past ten hours Another dick Hear the click of my gun cock Same mentality when I was scheeming on a lunch box Gimme that! Twenty-focused and I'm sorry Campbell I'm taking from you and your wife and run the baby Pamper (What?) Repeat Chorus Til Fade The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: (Notorious B.I.G. f/) Diddy, Eminem, Obie Trice Album: Duets: The Final Chapter Song: It Has Been Said Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash, rhymer_ap@yahoo.com [Eminem] + {B.I.G.} Ih.. ih, ih (it has been) It has been, it has been, it has been It has been said, that there has been known to be bloodshed Over bread, men who have bled to death, dead {what?} Strapped to beds, pipe bombs, dynamite, lead Money power respect, street cred, yeah It's scary ain't it? Picture yourself goin out as a hero {uhh} Picture mural pictures of us painted all over street corners Fans meet to mourn us, while we meet the coroners Notorious tried to warn us We watched, so many Biggie backed off of {ha ha ha} Biggie's back and 'Pac's, landmarks, history in rap Statistically in fact; it's so sad to see us re-enact these tragic events, which lead us back To where we left off on March 9th To come from such hard knock lifes And make it up out of 'em, hit the spotlights And, once they're on us this is our lives Thrust out for all eyes to cast upon us to see who can last the longest And he who lasts the longest, must be the strongest {uh-huh} In this concrete jungle, where this dog eat dog mentality comes from It's origin, which is usually originated from cats who starvin Or it could just be somebody's horror, that just horri-fies And applies to his persona or the sizes in his entou-rage, that intimidates the people To the point that you know that he's gangster He ain't just say shit, you just believe it [Obie Trice] + {B.I.G.} Since B.I.B. taught us niggaz to think big I'm been about my business since then, so anxious {what?} It ain't how we live, it's what he said, he did it for Brooklyn This I took in, sent chills through my skin Vicious, I'm experiencin the same sights as him It's what excited Obie to write these poems Rollin, goin through the same shit he spoken Open up my eyes so there's no limit in them skies When _Ready to Die_ was a sick part of my life {yeah} Palmin that forty-five, plottin to pop my mind Then that crooked eye Jamaican I'd so many times rewind Got me to walk a straight line and get up on my grind Get up out the system, who could give him better signs No pop of mine could top Big Poppa rhymes So possibly I'd be popular huh? {uh-huh} That's the inspiration I got from my nigga B.I. [Diddy] + {B.I.G.} I took him from coal to diamond, I molded his mind Enter the most phenomenal artist of any and all time I made a Frankenstein, my design impressed Backpackers and press who said my house was a mess Critics lashed, said I made a fortune off of his passin {what?} All I did was build a dynasty, off of his passion And I'm addressin the adolesencents absent to who he is The original king of New York, Christopher Wallace... This is a promise on Diddy's honor, I'm a father T'Yanna And teach her that with all the drama don't even bother... On repeat, all of your albums play back to back {yeah} And I visit your grave cause our friendship's intact An immaculate concept, extravagant progress Bullet wounds left in my heart, I'm yellin "God bless" Regardless to critics yellin that East/West I seen the game losin, I'm just pressin the reset {uhh} And when the ressurection of you shines through an individual Lyrical enough to wear the same crown of thorns literally! I'ma pay homage, Brooklyn's finest Whether it's Queens or Harlem it'll be instant stardom, nigga! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Obie Trice f/ Eminem Album: Cheers Song: Hands on You Typed by: akademik_geniuz_@hotmail.com * * send corrections to the typist [Obie Trice] Babe uh, yeah! Girl, you my only one though aight, haha You my baby, fuck all that shit You're the one for me Check it out. [Verse - Obie Trice] Baby I'm feeling the feelings you giving, I'm feelin your style And I'm willing to let my guard down to figure you out I'm picturing your figure in a swimsuit wiling Somewhere in the Caribbean Islands Cause the vibe you giving me now Feels like I'm an innocent child Sinning is never tempting when other womens around Hands down, this is my vow I never heard a moan sound so profound When a nigga's digging you out, phone rings You cuss them motherfuckers out, quit calling the house! If I call, you're in route There's a drought, you look out I'm on edge, you put the palm of your hand on my head and squeeze Please believe I ain't scared of commitment Fuck head from them bitches! When you could do the same, but that respect is given Our intimacy is significantly different [Chorus - Eminem] (Obie Trice) You gon ride for me (you gon ride?) Then I'm gon ride for you (I'm gon ride) If you put your mouth on me (put it on me) I'm a put my mouth on you Together there ain't nothing we can't do (there's nothing) Any problem we can see it through (we see it through) Baby if you promise to be true (you promise?) I will never put my hands on you Come on and think about it [Verse - Obie Trice] We ain't even got to talk when we see each other We got it all chalked out when we see each other under them covers You my lover, I'm your friend, I'm your man, but I'm sayin Who needs a label, we roll hand in hand Visions of you having my little man We joke, you call me George Foreman Cause I'm namin him O number four, me I'm three Plus the ol' G like the personality, she say it's meant to be I'm in the bathroom when you pee She in the bathroom too when a nigga doo doo, you my boo boo There's nothing in this world that a nigga wouldn't do to Satisfy - this my bitch that ride My bitch wit the pistol in the ride A nigga act up she busting, she ain't got to decide No discussion, she'll put a slug in a tough niggaz muffin You're fucking wit her husband [Verse - Obie Trice] Come on and think about it You got a ring about it Nothing could ever come between or intervene our bondage Drama we overcome it if we out numbered I promise it'll be us against a hundred Rushing to your side when you vomit eating pickles and peanutbutter Eight months later Obie rubbing your stomach Paying homage to your momma for raising a girl proper Enough to call O her Baby Father You ain't gotta bother bout a deal, I swear I keep it real Raise young O trill and cook a decent meal It's signed and sealed, you the only female Hail, my one and only pal come to get me outta jail Post bail and post up for sale I swore, I swear we will always live well Long as I got my bombshell from the hood to the hills Who's gon stop up? nobody! we's that deal [Bridge - Eminem] (Obie Trice) If you gon stand by me (if you gon stand by me) Then I'm gon stand by you (then I'm gon stand by you) If you promise you'll be true Then I'll never put my hands on you (hands down) But! don't you play me for no fool (no fool) bitch! Cause if I put my mouth on you (on you) After you put your mouth on someone else Better find someone else new Come on and think about it [Outro - Obie Trice] Yeah.. Obie Trice Shady! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Obie Trice f/ Eminem Album: Cheers Song: Hey Lady Typed by: Noitacguht@aol.com [Obie Trice] Can we re- can we re-enact Biggie's song? C-can you shit on me? I just want you to shit on me [Hook: Eminem - singing] Hey lady, hey darlin', hey baby I'm sorry but I can't be your boyfriend If you toy with my motherfuckin' emotions I'll kill you Bitch I'm fuckin' For real I'll make you suffer like I suffered If you fuck me then I'll make you fall in love {*in the background of the hook*} Hey lady, (hey lady, hey lady) I don't think you really wanna be my girl (be my girl, be my girl) Fuckin' with me can be dangerous (dangerous, dangerous) You never what I might really be like (be like) In your life (your life), I'm the type (the type) That might flip and get a little bit crazy [Obie Trice] Baby I'm extra large (huge) in magnitude And Magnums to lubrication that I use To chose which hole on a ho I abuse (yes) Have 'em confused, can't tell who is who When I fuck the shit out you, then the next date (bitch) I rush the shit out you off my two-way (ooh wait) You wanna cuddle, emotional hustle up on Pocono's Poke ya nose in and outta Obie's own No, I'm in and out your home And this in and out your tone I ain't the nigga that settles 'em down Put 'em in nice homes and floss 'em around (nah) I bounce 'em around Camcord the sex and sell 'em around town How that sound? If I was in love witcha, now you wanna clown Fuck with them clowns until I pound on your crown Bust a few rounds and the cops come and get me Bad mouth a nigga just to convince a jury You don't want it with me, you just horny as me You want a nut, nuttin' but what is you be [Eminem] I'm internationally known baby but actually There are few people who know how I am naturally All you know is that I can act irrationally When you shove a puppet up in my face on national TV So they label me this crazed loony rap bully But truthfully that ain't the truth And if you believe in that shit Then you'll believe anything's true And you're too stupid to ever get to know me personally But personally that actually works for me Cuz the last thing that I need's a string attached to me I'ma bachelor bitch and I ain't in no fast fury To run out and find a new Mrs. Mathers Cuz see, technically me and Kim ain't back fully But we do still make booty calls occasionally But be damned if I end up back in that pattern And we end up back at that god damn tavern And havin' another déjà vu, we seein' security Pass my pussy around like it's Ja Rule's jewelry I got news for you bitch, your news curfew's early You ain't home by 2:30 {*gunshot*} you heard me? [Hook - Eminem {*singing*}] Hey lady, hey darlin', hey baby I'm sorry but I can't be your boyfriend If you toy with my motherfuckin' emotions I'll kill you Bitch I'm fuckin' For real I'll make you suffer like I suffered If you fuck me then I'll make you fall in love {*in the background of the hook*} Hey lady, hey lady I don't think you really wanna be my girl (be my girl, be my girl, be my girl) Fuckin' with me can be dangerous (dangerous, dangerous) You never know what I really (be like, be like) (be like, be like, I'm your type) (And might make me get a little bit crazy) [Obie Trice] See you lookin' at the life, you lookin' at the lights (lights) You lookin' at the ice (ice) you ain't lookin' at the Trice (right) You should look at some advice when I say he ain't nice (nope) Despite the fact you think you the feisty type O love to fight (uh) I love the drama (yeah) Love when my bitch get to cussin' out Yolanda (fuck you bitch) Find the Obie condom on the counter Swingin' her weave, can't breathe like I can't believe Least I ain't deceieve and try to mislead And sell a dream just to get you on my team I came clean to keep down the beef Keep down my reach, you can keep all your teeth [Eminem] What we do under the covers should stay between the covers And the two of us and we ain't gotta be news coverage On the front page cover of "Us" as new lovers And this is when the bitch get to showin' the true colors Cuz the truth of it, everything that I do's public And you'd love it if you could run and tell all your friends Guess who you just screwed as soon as me and you've done it And save the used rubber to show 'em the proof of it But I guess it's do unto others as you'd have 'em do unto you But you better be careful of who you're doin' it to Cuz you never know when the shoe Could end up on the other foot and it backfires on you Cuz you think you want it then you want me, then you get me Then you got me and you're fucked cuz you'll be stuck with me For the rest of your life cuz if I get attached to you We'll be joined at the hip, I'll be so latched to you You'll be walkin' out the house and I'll run up and tackle you Chain your ass up to the bed and shackle you You don't think you're leavin' this house in that, do you? Not till I brand my name in your ass and tattoo you And have you walkin' out this bitch in turtleneck sweaters Scarves and full leathers in 90 degree weather Front on me? Never Cuz we gonna be together forever Right bitch? {*gun cock*} Right bitch? {*gun cock, shot*} [Hook: Eminem - singing] Hey lady, hey darlin', hey baby I'm sorry but I can't be your boyfriend If you toy with my motherfuckin' emotions I'll kill you Bitch I'm fuckin' For real I'll make you suffer like I suffered If you fuck me then I'll make you fall in love {*in the background of the hook*} Hey lady, (hey lady, hey lady) I don't think you really wanna be my girl (be my girl, be my girl) Fuckin' with me can be dangerous (dangerous, dangerous) You never what I might really be like (be like) In your life (your life), I'm the type (the type) That might flip and get a little bit crazy (fall in love) (crazy) (fall in love) (crazy) (fall in love) (crazy) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Obie Trice f/ D-12 Album: Cheers Song: Outro Typed by: PDog1217@aol.com (*gun cocked back*) [Eminem] Nah, we ain't done (*echo*) I love bein hated, it great It let's me know that I made it I wouldn't have it no other way I wouldn't trade it for the world Only let's me know that I'm loved  by so many other motherfuckers that ain't you And is bomb, as you keep fuckin with us, we keep fuckin you up And keep pullin the rug from up under you And what's even more fucked up, is we enjoy what were doin so much there ain't nothin that we love more than +Pullin Your Skirts Up+ And exposin you hoes so much, people are startin to wonder what's up with them fuckin one dough a man under rules Do on to others as you will have done under you So who the fuck you motherfuckers gonna run to When someone runs up with a mask and puts a gun to you (*gun cocks*) You gonna ask yourself, how come your mans  didn't enter that last round that he had in Curtis Jackson's ass while he had the chance You keep askin us to keep it on wax but we can't This is past any rationalization We have captured national media attention Conversation is senseless, you can sense the tension start buildin soon as we enter the '106th & Park' building Someone's gonna get killed and I swear to God  if someone so much as even touches one of my people I'll put a million on his head And you ain't got the funds to match or counteract it But I'd rather rap than get into this gangsta shit And it ain't because I'm a bitch It's because I ain't a bitch, I don't endanger people that I'm with I'm a general, I ain't Bush, I don't send my soldiers to war If I ain't there in the middle of the shit with 'em, so when I do get 'em Orders to storm your headquarters, you'll be fuckin with a .. [Swifty McVay] Fuckin with a piece keeper, see you a nigga that greet this lyrical meat cleaver That'll eat ya, niggaz wanna keep speakin, like it ain't even that deep I got heat that'll sweep a nigga street (*explosion*) See I wouldn't fuck with me neither, only heaven can help ya I'll be searchin for you longer than the "Legend of Zelda" Without a failure, there's gonna be hell to tell the captain that a bassett hound couldn't even smell ya body, when I hide ya, I be on that mob shit You another Hoffa, under the Renaissance bitch You get bombed like Lebanon (*explosion*) with my own tactic I snatch your head like one of Saddam's wigs [Obie Trice] Motherfucker, I'll handle you We can have it out on any Avenue A +Average Man+ flipped into an animal Shoot out your mandibles Cannons and ammunition, reload with precision  Nigga know the mechanicals Break a pistol down, you should see them handles The street taught the child, no read up manuals Pushin crack vows, young Nino Brown Chasin green is the dream, when your young and brown Bound to be a problem child, look what I'm involved in now A 'Dozen Dirty' niggaz and they all get down Dissolve any problem that enlarge with ours When revolvers we said "all men get out" (*gunshot*) (Eminem: c'mon) [Kuniva] While your punchin and tacklin punks I'm handlin chumps, packin a pump that's longer than the elephant trunk (*gun cocks*) On the streets I'm a beast, I feast upon the weak So speak beef, I'll shot you and scream "increase the peace" A monster, pistol packin pushin niggaz off they Hondas Stomp ya, get it crackin, yankin bitches for they ganja Sneaky as fuck, I don't think mama beat me enough When she was sleep and stuff, I was stealin the keys to the truck Shut the fuck up, before you end up dead in the dump truck Or in the streets takin a nap, bleedin and lumped up +Who Want What+ like M. Bleek, with this heat if you ten deep Then fuck it, it will be ten sleepin (*gunshots*) [Proof] Don't muscle with my a land ski Don't tustle with my hand speed Clutch your burner, bust it and watch your man bleed We ferocious, toast no holsters Approach us, throw heat straight from the shoulders (c'mon, *gunshot*) We the soldiers, y'all the youngsters (ha) Youngsters lungs puncture, dead in a dumpster (*gunshot*) Upstairs the Munster, hand full of drama You scared of the drama, bomber the monster (*gun cocks*, boof) I'm back nigga (Proof), I reappear Shoot like (*gunshot*), you ain't seein clear Blackness, carcass covered with cat fish We murkers with no purpose other than practice (bitch) [Bizarre] There's three things I hate: liars, fakes and cheaters Alcoholics, sluts and fuckin wife beaters A gat that describes my life (damn) I don't even know who song this is (scratched - *Obie Trice*) Bitch, Bizarre don't give a fuck about no hip hop At my release party in a pink tank top and Reeboks (*laughing*) This Ja Rule beef I ain't gettin in I'll need an R & B singer to sing at my wedding I turn your face into a fuckin meat patty I'll fuck your mommy and go fishin with your granny I'll +Shit on You+, I'll pee on R. Kelly too This is Bizarre, see you "Devil's Night 2" The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Obie Trice f/ Eminem Album: Bottoms Up Song: Richard Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Obie Trice] Yeah.. Trice, Statik Selektah O back around the corner Got the crack, put in your orders, we 'bout to run up out the stores It's +Notorious+ the way I got +Big+ spittin stories BME's X-Clan, +Vanglorious+ We not your favorite fuck it, you know the system and you buck it Have you revisitin, how you used to love it A nigga spew through the music acoustics Cool kid, used to pursue excuses Truth is I was truant in school So his influence is foolish, that was my views I'm back at it, the rap addict by any means We gon' get these stacks accurate, no skinny jeans Say he ain't a star, niggaz might be right I'm so regular, nigga got his shit tonight Bring it back Selektah, let 'em know it's Trice Put your seatbelts on, we gon' ride tonight [Eminem] Chka-chk-chka-chk, and I would like to introduce my-s-self, surprise! HI, it's Ike~! 'Bout get my Ike on, I come with a life supply of wife beaters and my Nikes on, and a white tee over that Iron Mike Lookin fly tonight, feelin like I might die from a spider bite Come back as Spider-Man, +Park+ my +Peter+ inside a dyke Bitch actin like she got fuckin higher standards than Meijer's, right Had to pry her fingers off of the motherfuckin Breyers ice  cream with the pliers like (AHHH) only a ruthless bastard would do this Take a toothless bitch with no taste buds to Ruth's Chris Give her toothpicks, and stop on the way home pick up two big Bufords Scrupulous girl you got a nice pair, but you're plum stupid So when I pull up in that Benz don't try to pretend you ain't interested to impress your stupid ass friends and refuse to get in, woman and get slammed on the ground and SNAP like a pool stick against, cement If you should get dick, pretend like it's a musical instrument You get one shot, do not miss your chance to blow I can tell at first glance you're a hoe, cause your pants are so tight when you dance with O. Trice your implants explode So cold to dykes the chance of snow, in San Francisco Well I'm from Detroit City, you live in animosity That's a fucked up state to be in, such an atrocity Look where these random thoughts get me, it's senseless mind babble What, me apologize? {*babbles*} It's just the way the rhyme unravels And I wouldn't fuckin take it back if I TIME TRAVELLED! [Chorus: Eminem] Just call me Richard, Richard Cause I'm a dick, dick It's also Richard cause I feel like  you should pry your fuckin mouth up off of it, it (hah) I said just call me Richard, Richard (yea) Cause I'm a dick, dick (yea) You ain't gotta be no detective to figure out I'm a dick When I hold my privates it's your first clue, Sherlock prick Just call me Richard, Richard [Obie Trice] That's my motives, jumpin out the Rovers All white like I was right up in the Dakotas or Minnesota; did I mention soda? When it's mixed with the yola watch my cup runneth over Cut from a soldier, from holdin a disposable toaster Puttin holes in a nigga gettin close enough BME 'til the credits roll So my condition is beyond what the medics know They wanna edit O Like a prosthetic third leg, let it go This is Shady 1.0, Em let 'em know I still profit through the process The prize in my jeans, my balls'll never digress I'm a dick that I brag about I put it in fast and then I drag it out World, I'll be your special friend see Cause these suckers suffer from pseudo-penis envy... {*echoes*} So The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Obie Trice f/ Dr. Dre, Eminem Album: Cheers Song: Shit Hits the Fan Typed by: pinoydrunknboxer@cox.net [Dr. Dre] Yeah Yo, let's bring it [Chorus – Eminem] What you gonna do when shit hits the fan? Are you gonna stand and fight like a man? Will you be as hard as you say you are? Or you gonna run and go get your bodyguard? I said What you gonna do when shit hits the fan? Are you gonna stand and fight like a man? And show us you're as hard as you say you are? Or you gonna run and go get your bodyguard? [Verse 1 – Dr. Dre] Niggaz is so gangsta, Niggaz is thugs Niggaz'll spend their whole life peddlin drugs Slanging dope in hopes of one day bein able To own their own label and give the game up Some niggaz came up, some just didn't That's just the way it is, if it ain't meant it, it just isn't Some niggaz'll get money and pay niggaz to back em So they can act up, feel comfortable, and rap tough And that's as backwards, cuz them niggaz just gone keep coming back And that's when extortion happens You struggle to get free, I know how this shit be You deal with anything to live legitimately But you gone find if you do get in this industry It's best to be business with me than against me Niggaz get behind mics and ain't even MC's Niggaz get on MTV just to diss me This shit don't even piss me off I'm laughin all the way to the bank Watchin the satellite from a Bentley You niggaz don't even got a car You're so far under my radar I don't even know who the fuck you are To tell you to suck my dick while I'm pissin I don't even listen to your shit to know who the fuck I'm dissin The media just feeds into these feuds Tryin to add fuel to the fire. This little nigga, Ja Rule Talking bout he's gonna slap me. Nigga please You gotta jump and swing up to hit me in the knees I laugh at these magazines when they interview em All they doin is making fake threats to us through em And pussy you're not Pac, I knew em Pac was a real nigga, you just a fuckin insult to em It's too bad we had to fallout before he passes If he could see this shit now, he'd be whoopin your ass You're talkin to a pioneer who engineered this shit for 19 years Who you got in your ear? I don't even gotta say it, the fans know Quit tryin to be tough, nigga, you look like a asshole [Chorus – Eminem] [Verse 2 – Obie Trice] They say why don't we increase the peace The only peace increased is that which deletes your peeps Cuz niggaz run mouths but they don't run streets Till that 4 5 will cease the speech Yeah it's a shame how the beef'll creep Could've reached the peep, now you're left with a horrible leak I'm tryin to be as bleak with my speech as possible Just in case a nigga tryin to throw me an obstacle Nigga, I'm not boxin you, I'm hospitable I put you in a hospital, that's how I get at you Let the doc op on you, he don't rid you? You back on the streets? I send another hit at you This is not a hypocritical issue I will critical condition your tissue Give a fuck if all ten of them wit you I throw an extra ten of them missiles Turn gangstas into gentlemen vicko And ever since Eminem dissed you I swear I see the women and bitch in you All this bickering back and forth over who signs who Curtis, pull your skirt up, nigga, you got murdered Now take it like a man and shake it off. Damn And quit tellin all these magazines your plans How you gone slap up my mans, you're ficticious Nigga, we send Stan to come murder your bitches [Chorus – Eminem] Hahahahahaha Yeah, yeah Go out behind all the gangstas you want, nigga Matter fact, go get every gangsta from every hood In the United States of America to back you, nigga Ain't nobody rap wit you You can't see that? Fell off, nigga Hahahahahaha Damn, damn Shady slash Aftermath, motherfucker 2003 to infin The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Obie Trice f/ Akon, Eminem Album: Second Round's on Me Song: Snitch Typed by: trickshady@hotmail.com [Intro: Obie Trice] + (Eminem) {Akon} {Convict} (Yeah, SHADY) {Convict Music} (Guess who's back) Still here, haters {Akon & Obie Trice, Yeah} Whatcha gonna do it with it, A? Whatcha gonna do? {Take em on back to the streets} [Chorus: Akon] I keep the 40 cal on my side Steppin with the mindstate of the mobster See a nigga pass by Tuck your chain in cause he might rob ya Got glocks for sale, red tops for sale Anything you need, believe me, I'm gon lace you Just don't whatever you do, Snitch Cause you will get hit, pray I don't lace you, yeah [Obie Trice] It's risky, the bitch tend to rise out a nigga It's history, Snitch, who decided he's a member Once he got pinched, coincided with law Same homie say he lay it down for the boy Brought game squad around ours How could it be? Been homies since Superman draws Only foniness never came to par He had us, a true neighborhood actor Had his back with K's Now we see through him like X-Ray's Cuffed in that Adam car No matter, his loss, we at him, it's war Knowing not to cross those resevoir dogs You helped plant seeds just to be a vegetable When we invest in team, it's to the death fo sho No ex and oh's, tex calicos Aim at your chest nicca [Obie Trice] We started out as a crew, when one speak, it's all honest Private conferences when we eat, Benihana's Reconnaissance when we peep enemies on us Been on these corners, sellin like anything on us Knowing heaven has shown us being devil's minors But that ain't got shit to do with the tea in China We gon keep the grind up til death come find us Meantime leaning in them European whips reclined up It's eye for an eye for the riders We ain't trying to get locked up, we soul survivors Po-po's is cowards, there's no you, it's ours We vow this, mixing yayo with soda powder Who woulda known he would fold and cower Once the captain showed, he sold whole McDonalds So no exs and ohs, tex calicos Aim at your chest nicca [Obie Trice] Nowadays, Sammy Da Bull's got the game full So he move to a rural area to keep cool He snitchin on a snitch now, there's nothin to tell Nowadays, your circles should be small as hell Ain't tryin to meet new faces, this don't interest me Even if we bubble slow, we'll get it eventually No penitentary, there will be no climacy You will meet the lowest snitch in given us a century These cats is rats now, the streets need decon That's how they react now, weak when the heat's on em Stop snitchin, you asked for the life your living This act is not permitted, Nowhere on the map, It is Forbidden to send a nigga to prison if you been in it Along with em and then snitch and become hidden So it's no exs and ohs, techs calicos Aim at your chest nicca [Obie Trice] You rat bastard The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Obie Trice f/ Big Herc, Eminem, Big Herc, Trick Trick Album: Second Round's on Me Song: There They Go Typed by: bomberfromdabean@aim.com [Intro: Obie Trice] Yeah Ay, Em, you ready? Herc, you got them thangs nigga? (you know) Detroit city! [Chorus: Obie Trice] There they go, them D-town boys carry the Calico Whenever there's war, you gotsta know Them boys got toys tear down the front door Detroit make noise everywhere that we go There they go, there they go [1st verse: Obie Trice] You are not convincing When Detroit blocks stay flocked with henchmen Niggaz get popped for instance, infrared dot for distance Get knocked by the cops, cop on some pen shit Straight detention, a nigga doing tension Once released he on that music buisness When viewing 106 and them cafeterias Only to find that rap's actually serious Deliriously resort back to crack and vigilence Same shit that sent em upper Michigan Us is pimping, a difference, from any city I visited It's that Detroit spirit and if we in it, balling out till the ending, period Use O as a reference to that sentence The message I'm sending you, best just pay attention [2nd Verse: Big Herc] If you don't like how I act then blow me I don't really give a shit, I represent the real cats who know me Man what's up with that scratch you owe me? Now run my chips before we fall out like Shaq and Kobe Big Herc on a track with Obie, when you come to the D It's cut-throat, better be packing homie And niggaz get they shit split for acting phonie We're known for the glocks and the choppas These niggaz'll rob you, leave you standing in ya socks and ya boxers We got real G's and lots of imposters I smoke the real trees, see I cop from the rastas Ya'll niggaz ain't impress me yet Ya'll yapping, not rapping, turn that shit off and press eject See we known for the car shows, running from the narcos Keep them bottles coming, we gon pop em till the bar close [3rd Verse: Eminem] Meat cleaver, leave a gas in a bitches ass See her dreams of being an R&B singer diva Leave her face, cut her from the waist Ah man what a waste, of a pretty face And this place ain't just safe, it's just straight gangsta It ain't just New York or L.A. that pains no more There's Latin Coun' Kings here Southside, four, East Side and Gansen Nuthin but ganglands and, spray paint cans And when that van rolls up, man they ain't glancing That window rolls down and that tre-eight's dancing And them shooters don't miss, homie they hate chancing Straight for the dome and it's vacate fast and Get the fuck outta dodge 'fore that blue Dodge flashing Red and blue lights, no ambulance, you got flattened And this was not supposed to be no Detroit anthem But just so ya know, if ya see them D-Boys passing [Outro: Trick Trick] Here we go motherfuckers This the motherfuckin back acha Trick Don't even dream of fucking up in Detroit, bitch This is where the real killers at Detroit motherfucker! Ain't never no difficulty smashing no bitch ass niggaz Matter of fact, bring your bitch ass to Detroit nigga We got something for your ass [Gun shots fade out] [Laughter] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: OldWorlDisorder f/ Eminem  Album: Shyhalude 12" Song: 3hreeSix5ive  Typed by: Jack3421@aol.com (Chorus) Skam: Yo I'm tryin to be the man of the day Three six five a year See the bullshit you sayin, Skam ain't tryin to hear (Fuck that!) Bustin lyrics in the air Keepin some up in the chamber Eminem: Yo Skam, what the fuck you doin? Skam: Man, I'm releasin anger Eminem :  I'm tryin to be the illest of the day Three six five a year See that bullshit you sayin, Shady ain't tryin to hear Spittin lyrics in your ear Keepin some up in the chamber Skam: Aiyyo Shady what the fuck you doin? Shady:  I'm releasin anger [Verse 1: Skam] Man I'm tired of bein tired, everytime I wake up Tired of these fake ducks, tired of bein late for the bus Tired of all be blendin, and endin up datin sluts So my facial expression stay stuck up, and shut the fuck up! To the pity ass rappers, that ain't shit with out make-up, wake up Gold diggin bitches, the buck stops here  The road to riches is closed for repair So if the shoe ain't fittin, girl leave that shit alone You aint Erykah Badu, what I look like Tyrone? I rip your tissue out your ear Spittin like I don't care My hair look like I ain't come it, shit a damn near year So I burn, zig-zag, I leave the next man with his heels up Brain dead, and be reincarnated at a speed bump When we done we stay hard, so you don't land shit Suck Skam's dick, off of what a dead man spit Yo that's it, I don't plan shit, you know how we go down They need to slow down, and take a look who the hoe now At every industry party, gettin so damn drunk Can't remember the lass ass you kissed, or dick you sucked Remind me of my ex, in the street got me veck Tryin to roll up on Miami, leavin with a broke neck Oh shit, leathal lyric equal land mind I be stackin up white rappers like im throwin gas signs And I'm, buck wild exposin the plain truth You couldn't mess with me, fuckin shit up in the same room Hey you, I don't know you but fuck it, let me get a dollar For this bad car, that go along with the breath Some show the mad bomb, and steal the show like a theft Cause in Miami, the baby jammin like three up in the chamber  (Yo Skam what the fuck you doin?) (Chorus) [Verse 2: Eminem] Some people say I'm strange, I tell them ain't shit change I'm still the same lame asshole with a different name Became late to the last show with a different dane Brain ate from the last ode that I snifed the cane Yo know your spaced the fuck out like George Lucas When your pukus, turnin to yellow with orange mukus So when I grab a pencil and squeeze it between fingers I'm not a rapper, I'm a demon who speaks English Freak genuis, too extreme for the weak and squeemish Burn you alive till you screamin to be extinquished Cause when I drop the science, motherfuckers tell me to stop the violence Start a fire and block the hydrants I'm just a mean person, you never seen worse than So when Slim gets this M-16 burstin You gettin spun backwards like every word of obscene cursin  On the B-side of my first single with the clean version Stoppin your short life when you still a teen virgin Unless you get a kidney speciman from a spleen surgeon In the best hospital possible for emergancy surgery To try to stop the blood from your rushin sternly eternally I'll take it back before we knew each others name Run in a ultrasound and snatch you out your mothers frame I'll take it further back than that Back to lovers lane, to the night you were started  Cock block your fathers game  I'll plead the fifth like my drawers were muzzled So suck my dick while I take a shit and do this crossword puzzle And when I'm down with ten seconds left, then to hope out I'ma throw a head-but so hard, I'll knock us both out (Chorus) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Outsidaz f/ Eminem Album: Macosa 12" Song: Macosa Typed by: prostislut@yahoo.com [Young Zee] *Talking* I'm allowed to fuck up whenever... whenever I want... This the Outhouse... Lemme smoke a joint first... Here, Pace... [Young Zee] 95% of all y'all rappers butt And y'all ride dick so much y'all gon' make me nuts You'll get your jaw clocked, I'll drag your ass for four blocks Dunk your head in Clorox, use your dreads for my floor mop Gay or straight, my Papermate'll do a date rape Zee can't wait, I'll go Great Bank on a blank tape Lost like Spigg Nice, stick you for your thick ice Good to hit twice 'fore you catch me usin' trick dice Go to parole off of two in stolen wheels My colon holdin' pills, fuck takin' some Golden Seal I smoke leaky and black like BET And fuck hoes raw dog 'til my balls catch VD Mess with us, straight up, y'all better bust I'm the one you'll never dust, it's still the same as it ever was I'll leave the crowd in a Coupe with white walls And scream, "If y'all ain't Outz then y'all could ride my balls!" Beef with us you might just catch a black eye And ride for your crispy 850-I I fuck with them drugs 'cuz it gets me high Mama-se, Mama-sa, Mama-macosa Been doin' this rap shit since '85 Then 'Clef put me down with the Fugee-la It's only right me and Yah get a piece of the pie Mama-se, Mama-sa, Mama-macosa Mama-se, Mama-sa, Ma-macosa Mama-se, Mama-sa, Ma-macosa Mama-se, Ma-sa, Ma-macosa Mama-se, Mama-sa, Ma-macosa [Slang Ton] Yo, all the boys in the lobby get needles filled with poison ivy Put 'em in the hospital and give 'em a poison IV My crew get high much off brew and Thai skunk It makes my style off the wall like suicide jumps We sip lots of liq' shots It makes my hip-hop fat as your lip got when I kickboxed with flip-flops And give a disk jockey six copies of this floppy Shit I be dyin' for is your piece of shit hobby? You borin' like Oran Dice, I'm more than hype Bungee jumpin with cordless mics, for tourists sites Ton Slanga, I'm dopin', pills and cokin' Lung cancer in my throat and still smokin' [Az-izz] Now, when your partner die, who got the right To do the homicide and you shot the guy? And when you's 'bout to cry who got you high? Say Mama-se, Mama-sa, Mama-macosa I'll blast the guy that don't pass the lye Leave him paralized and agonized Fellas, grab the thighs that's by your side Say Mama-se, Mama-sa, Mama-macosa [D.U.] Mama-se, Mama-sa, Mama-maco Mama-se, Mama-sa, Mama-maco Mama-se, Mama-sa, Mama-maco Mama-se, Mama-sa, Mama-maco [Pace Won] Wanna live this Outsida business Blunt splitters, all that Multiple musical contracts to fallback... On... set like I was Liu Kang for Kombat... Armed like Emmit when I rush crews More hardcore than DMC and Krush Groove Don't need hands to touch you Mr. Perfect, the one you want to rap like The name rap fiends have in their mouth like a crack pipe Slap the fuck out you, remember us I'm the man your father never was, or could've been Maybe if they passed out weed in high school, I would've went Got it down, yo Even if you sing like Brownstone you couldn't "Take The Crown Home" Try to call me out and get the dial tone Pace Woner, dickin' 5-0 in a stolen gray Hummer [Eminem] Me and Pace had to flee in haste from bein' chased For some E & Js we boosted out of some Korean place	 I get drunk and hang-glide off of St. Ides' And spray-paint the plain sides of all the subway train rides I got a pitbull that eats sheep and spits wool And chews on human body tissue 'til its stomach gets full Skip school, barely went to class, thinkin' shit's cool Hid a loaded pistol under this retarded kid's stool I had a dream I blew up with half a mil' sold And still stole a credit card, a purse, and someone's billfold I'm from the city where the weather's always real cold And chill mode can turn into somebody gettin' steel-toed We be hangin' on the block 'til dawn Stayin' spaced out like Dr. Octagon Feelin' for the beats like they Chaka Khan Mama-se, Mama-sa, Mama-macosa Pace Won, Slang Ton, and Yah Young Zee, Az-Izz, D.U., and muah Bizarre Kid, Loon One and Rah Mama-se, Mama-sa, Mama-macosa [Young Zee] Beef with us you might just catch a black eye And ride for your crispy 850-I We fuck with them drugs 'cuz it gets us high Mama-se, Mama-sa, Mama-macosa Been doin' this rap shit since '85 Then 'Clef put me down with the Fugee-la It's only right me and Yah get a piece of the pie Mama-se, Mama-sa, Mama-macosa Mama-se, Ma-sa, Ma-macosa Mama-se, Ma-sa, Ma-macosa Mama-se, Ma-sa, Macosa Mama-mama-mama-mama-macosa The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Outsidaz f/ Eminem Album: Night Life EP Song: Rush Ya Clique Typed By: Combo7@aol.com Chorus: [Pace Won] Bust your lip, rush ya clique, what? Outz in the area tearing things up Crush your chick, touch your trick, what? Outz in the area tearing things up (Sing it with me!) Bust your lip, rush ya clique, what? Outz in the area tearing things up Crush your chick, touch your trick, what? Outz in the area tearing things up  [Az-Izz] Yo, I'm finally convinced my kindness and innocence Is a crime in a sense, climbing a fence Diagonally bent, dying in agony in a magically event Outz in a fear of family presents Capped in clak smoke, pack toast in a black coat To roast motherfuckers, over lactose  Stay skeed off laced weed I take cheese, and page trees in the Bricks Rolling box of Tracies [Pace Won] Call a go-go dancer Get up in that ass and wreck shop like colon cancer Hit it from the back, bitch can't hold her pants up Once for my cock, twice for my block,  I got it locked like handcuffs Pacer got a razor, get you and your man cut Swing a blow you can't duck Throw up your hands, what? Nobody on earth could see Pacer I get your shit then peel off like Speed Racer Chorus [Slang Ton] I hit you bastards raps fast as Janet Jackson's coochie Your raps is half mastered, mad average, wack bologna And if you ever wanna get a deal You should either OD off skill pills Or steal my reel-to-reel Most of y'all emcees ain't tight as y'all should be when I'm tighter than the jeans that show hoochie chicks' coochie prints Outsidaz, we hot as Hell's flames is And I'm Slang-iz, my tapes get pumped like twelve gauges [Eminem] I'm so weeded (How weeded are you?) I'm so weeded I can freestyle for sixteen bars (Ha ha ha) Right off the top, then go back to the top And then repeat it (Ha) Write it down on the paper  And still be able to read it (Sorry) I can't read, but I still write to my pen pals (Uh, uh, dear) I can't fly, but I still float on cement clouds (Whee!) I can't see cause my eyes already been gouged out I been down with the Outz for ten thou-sand years  ([Pace Won] So dunn, here?) Some weird kids with piercings in more than one ear Lauryn, huh? Hill?  ([Pace won] There's more than one? IIIllll) What? You want me to stop? Here? Chorus [Young Zee] Yea Your girl could suck my dick chewing Big Red Till she choke and scrape her wisdom tooth on my dick head Puff a tray bag, Outz never pay cabs Bust a A-rab, front on taking us up eighth Ave  Yea, we all of the a volumes What be the outcome?  We selling twenty million albums Ay your record, ain't nobody buy that You fell off, and had to take your five mic  And push a white Ac, with a bike rack [Axe] It's the A, the X, the E Why pay for ass, if I can sex for free? F' with we, what you expect to see Death's your destiny, when it's my time for rest in peace Bet they find my pistol next to me My dick is giving ecstasy  Shit I say, spread like leprosy I'm on a quest to be, the best emcee Living recklessly, cock the weaponry Lay you on your back like Lei Wulong from Tekken 3 Yo follow, never question me Chorus [Pace Won] C'mon yo Bust your lip, rush ya clique, what? Crush your chick, touch your trick, what? Snuff your bitch, crush your whip, what? Outz in the area tearing things up Outworld baby The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: P!nk f/ Eminem Album: The Truth About Love Song: Here Comes the Weekend Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Intro: P!nk] Here comes, comes the weekend Hear it callin, like a siren (AHHAH-AHHAH!) We don't, want no problems We don't like them no, keep it movin Here comes the, weekend Set off your, sirens (AHHAH-AHHAH!) Here comes the, weekend Set off your, sirens (AHHAH-AHHAH!) [P!nk] I just wanna play Big city, holiday So get out of my way If you know, what's better for ya (AHHAH-AHHAH!) [Break: P!nk] I'm tearin up the night, lipstick and leather tight Not lookin for a fight, no (AHHAH-AHHAH!) High heels and cherry wine, not wastin any time We're tickin like a bomb about to go OHHOH-OHHOH-OFF! [Chorus: P!nk] Here comes, comes the weekend Hear it callin, like a siren (AHHAH-AHHAH!) We don't, look for trouble Just enough to, see in double Here comes the, weekend Set off your, sirens (AHHAH-AHHAH!) Here comes the, weekend Set off your, sirens (AHHAH-AHHAH!) [P!nk] Drink some pink champagne I don't know you yet but we'll forget So, fuck what they say Let's run the floor until it breaks (AHHAH-AHHAH!) [Break] + [Chorus] [Eminem] Yea yea yea, yea yea Nothin high class in my glass, only bottles I pop are bottles of pop, so when I pop up in the spot I'm prob-ably not gonna be wantin to pop bubbly or Cîroc, I'm not Puffy But I'ma +Run the City+ tonight When I hit it I might act like a frickin idiot, Diddy mixed with a medieval knight Big city lights, little indignity Hot diggity, this Biggie is getting me hype I don't get some liquor I'll hurt you I'll knock ya dick in the dirt bickerin worse than that bitch in that Snicker commercial A mixture of Stifler and Urkel Hangin from the light fixture I hope you pricks are insured for this building cause we're tearing it down Security get out the frickin way, Jesus Chrysler LeBaron it's loud I swear only thing I hear is the sound of sirens goin EHHEHH-EHHEHH! Cause [Outro: P!nk] Here comes the, weekend Set off your, sirens Here comes the, weekend Set off your, sirens (AHHAH-AHHAH!) ... (AHHAH-AHHAH!) ... Here comes the, weekend Set off your, sirens (AHHAH-AHHAH!) Here comes the, weekend Set off your, sirens (AHHAH-AHHAH!) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Promatic f/ Eminem, Swifty McVay Album: Serious 12" Song: Serious Typed by: wminman@hotmail.com, eddie014@hotmail.com * * send corrections to the typist [Intro] Here it is, there it is ladies and gentlemen We got one more act [Bakarat] Yeah, y'all gone like this one [Jus] Tell em about it, Backarat This yo man J-U-S and this track called "Serious" Promatic featuring Eminem and Swift [Eminem] What's up with everybody beefin' Everybody seem like they wanna beef You know what I’m saying? Everybody beefin' with everybody This shit is crazy [Verse 1 - Dogmatic] This is a bomb scare, fires on your hair Terrorists live here, but I don't care I'm making pot holes when I stomp, so don't stare I stop to stomp competiton, with both fair How dare, little soldier at ease We shake down these streets, like Parkinson's Disease We parking the road trees, plus load the weapons Everything to six shooters, to high tech ones If a green beans things, to my suggestion Burn a big whole in your belly, like indigestion With one question, who the fuck is Dogmatic An underground nigga but this nigga's above average It's serious! who can understand what I'm saying? Yo Slim, tell them niggaz (Eminem: We ain’t playing!) It's like you open a can of worms or smoked yams I got bloody hands and burners that make you dance! [Chorus - Eminem] This shit is serious! Do you really want beef Do you really wanna end up, missing yo front teeth And see yo family, getting smoked like a blunt leaf And wrapped up in a zip-lock bag, like lunch meat This shit is serious! Do you really want beef Do you really wanna end up, missing yo front teeth And see yo family, getting smoked like a blunt leaf And wrapped up in a zip-lock bag, like lunch meat This shit is serious! [Verse 2 - Swifty McVay] I'm the only one yo bitch to touch a Type a brother that'll, fuck yo mother, wit a fishnet rubber I'ma misfit slash, nitwit I love to put up biscuts, straight to a niggaz lips, it'll fit A biligerent and rowdy fellow I'll dump yo body, and still fly away to Maui, on a teller When it comes to beefin', it ain't no explain' I'll change ya lauguage, wit a stainless I'll contain, wit a name which to make you famous I'ma deranged pit, I'll bang you till ya back touch ya anus Don't ever take me to court, I'll whack the plantiff Then beat the fuck out the baliff A heniuos, miscellaneous, nigga never miss, when the AK lift I paint ya face wit, any weapon, just like "The Matrix" They ain't steppin', don't even say shit You heard about the bodies in my basement, you joinin' them, face it [Verse 3 - Proof] Laugh indictive, like Kim lipstick, and get a nose bleed My blow speed, is like my hands working ten stick shifts Captain ask, to stick my finger in the (???) And snatching the driver out the black Benz Smashing his contact lens, my life start when his contract ends "Go kiss-and-tell, and contact Kim!" Let's be factually, actually, y'all ain't after me Got (???) wit +Regis+, y'all beef is without the +Kathy Lee+ Told y'all my battlery, and go to war happily How you gon' call my bluff, when you scared to send a fax to me My factulty guns drawn, one wrong move dudey And it's too heads on ya body, into a gangster movie For lot being real, scared to pop wit the steel It got skeletons in my house, every closet is filled Now how does it feel, with this Baretta to ya dome And to know that ya mom's know, that you was never coming home [Chorus] w/ Ab-libs [Outro - Eminem] You know what I'm sayin' You want beef, we taking it to yo face Fuck it, Dirty Dozen, Slim Shady D-12, this shit is serious! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Proof f/ D12, Traci Nelson Album: Searching for Jerry Garcia Song: Pimplikeness Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com [ad libs for first 8 seconds] [Proof] Aiyyo, she a freak and I love the way she move to the beat Ass and titties bouncin, she ain't movin her feet Put 20 in her bra, stiff dick had many in her jaw Probably hit plenty in the raw (nasty bitch) I wanna see this bitch naked on my livin room flo' And yo bitch, I ain't givin up no dough, fo'sho' You can be my best friend but Em might get mad Don't call me Daddy bitch, I fuck better than your dad Let me get up in that ass like I'm ridin horseback Fuck a sponge, I need a tool to clean my ball sack I pop my collar, don't pop your bra strap If you hang up the phone then bitch don't call back 18's on ice, you ain't seen that befo' Actin like you ain't seen my bling through the do' (bling) I move to a ho, just for one reason Cause bitches need 9-1-1 for no reason [Chorus: Proof] + (Eminem) (I'm somethin like a pimp) A diamond{?} trick, but you ain't seein no chips, young ho (I said I'm somethin like a pimp) Can't go on trips, so you could suck my dick, yes bitch (I'm somethin like a pimp) You could swallow or spit, and make me rich, oh girl (I'm somethin like a pimp) Get that money witcha switch, I walk with a limp, big P (Said I'm somethin like a pimp) [Kuniva] I never treat 'em like they wanna be treated, bitch beat it Your purpose'll be defeated if you think that you're needed Now what do you tell a chick who has two black eyes? You ain't gotta tell her nothin, you just told her twice And I don't wanna put my hands on ya, I got a plan for ya Get with my mans, he gon' lay a couple grand on ya So fresh and so clean, she know the routine It's such a - wonderful thing, money flow like ravines They say "Kuniva, get a clothin line" but I'ma chill Cause when cotton ain't sellin pussy always will And these women they be knowin the deal That's why these niggaz be blowin a mil' just to keep a ho in they grill And I ain't never been a pimp, I'm somethin like one though I fuck 'em and leave 'em, you always love or like that ho Cashin 'em out, they never get ahold of my chains They only get that swollen up thang, I'm showin 'em game [Swifty McVay] Hah, you was a sucka when you met her, she dogged you cause you let her See I tell a bitch quick, if you knew better you'd do better (bitch) They realizin I ain't havin that shit Don't be surprised, I'm hypnotizin every tramp that she with I send 'em out like Vanity 6 and I mean that I'm doggin they ass, I'm in joggin pants and a V-neck (hah!) I put my foot up in her ass so fast that she'll forget how to spell "cash," she hoe'in with a cast on And I'm knowin just what happened that day He didn't pay cause you let him take you to a matinee (I saw you) You get slapped that way, you can't dodge the drama I'm pimpin aunts and mamas, I collect from massage parlors (want my change) Menage-a-trois is really second nature I have 88 bitches straight takin it to the face {AHH!} And uh, I can give a fuck about a relation Either open your legs, or get the play, stupid bitch [Eminem] Hey, you know I gotta say somethin on this track. Well I'm not a pimp or a player, see I'm more like the mayor Grab a bitch up by her hair like I just don't care and swing her in the air (AHH!) I'm talkin major ass kick Toss a bitch out the house like Kwame Kirkpatrick I'm a PIMP, so I give a fuck about a BITCH But I don't make 'em trick, I'm RICH (whoo!) I don't need the chips, they don't walk the strip But I could spit some game and I could talk some shit I'm somethin like a pimp, similar to a mack I ain't makin the news, I make my baby mama pick up the slack Drop Cadillac, truck {*phone rings*} fuck, I gotta go That's my bottom ho pagin me back - I'm a pimp [Bizarre] It's 7 o'clock, bitch you ain't got my money? I'ma beat yo' ass {*girl giggles*} you think it's funny? Bitch get on the block in some dirty tube socks and get shot by a cop in some Reeboks (yeah!) Bitch I'm the man, you know I'm the man Keep suckin dick, 'til you get a hundred grand Bitch you insane if you think I'm your mayn Here's 2 G's, go fuck LeBron James [Chorus] - minus first line [Outro: Proof] Hah, been gettin this money off these bitches Heard me? That's what I do, you know me Check me out anywhere, anybody tell you about Proof Got that, a.k.a. The Young Legend The Human Fly, y'knowmsayin? Aiyyo, I got bitches in Michigan on Michigan Yo' bitch is on Woodward nigga, next to them faggot ass niggaz I got bad bitches cause you gon', you think it's a cop Yeah, that ain't cop that's my bitches I got the top notch bitches, y'knowmsayin? I'm more than a pimp, I'm somethin like a pimp Cause I'm a Thundercat at the same time, Wonder Rat{?} baby Big pimpin, you heard me? P.I.M.P Proof Is My Poppa, let's keep it goin Proof Is My Poppa, P.I.M.P Y'knowmsayin let's go, c'mon y'all let's go.. [Traci Nelson] Ooh, hey.. ooh, hey.. ooh, hey.. Ooh, hey.. ooh, hey.. {*fades out*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Proof f/ Nate Dogg, Swifty McVay (D12) Album: Searching for Jerry Garcia Song: Sammy Da Bull Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com [Chorus: Nate Dogg] All these niggaz talkin 'bout what they gon' kill Heard you caught a misdemeanor then I heard you squeal Holdin hands with the D.A. while you made your deal Three thousand miles away and I could hear you still Half these niggaz snitchin yo and that's for real I know it's hard to swallow, that's a big ol' pill If I catch you motherfuckers you gon' catch some steel I know it might sound crazy, that's the way I feel [Proof] Uhh, trace this to it's basis, no movie script No yay, no pounds, no uzi clips Not a car, no bling, know a bougie bitch You got all of these rappers sayin they movin bricks They whole cliques switch with boob and tits If you're - truly bitch, then they'll - usually snitch In a roundabout way I say my toolies spit But if it come to coppin a plea, it includes the fifth! The mood is flipped cause spirits see the diaphragms Gangsta rappers with murderers for hired hands Police and riot vans, callin us pirate clans Government guide hands, with private plans To damage the game, it's a shame to survive a scam Cause we high off liquor, bitches and Vicadin Yell out we gon' strike again, so triflin Got kids idlin the vest to riflin (look Ma!) Why you make a fake life in pens? Glorify the hood but never a Bible hymn And as the streets keep tyin in Until the Feds indict the fans just for buyin in, where's the violin? [Swifty McVay] Hah, are you the guy that told the guy that I'm the guy that gave the guy a half a P; now the police is after me Askin me questions, tellin me shit you only knew Pulled up on me out the blue, all this shit because of you Watch to do somethin cool bitch, snitchin like Samuel Bull Now yo' life's fucked up, and I'm announcin you responsible And I'm cut the fuck up, and whatchu gonna do but sit yo' ass there So what? Ain't nothin fair When a nigga like you get carried away without your lips And they wonderin why Swifty McVay be killin shit {AHH!} I drop you off and get lost, come back the same day witcho' tongue cut off nigga, it's cursed anyway You the one who can't count, so give my G's up (straight up) And when it comes to shootin you the one who freeze up That's why yo' broke ass could swallow these nuts and folks ask, tryna follow everything that reads up on your report you made, I will escort you to your grave Tryna see me behind bars so you can get paid? That's negative, you threaten my life? I CAN'T let you live Then you think that it'll catch up to your momma and your kids snitch {AHH!} [Proof] If you aim for slugs that's blazed by killers Now the game done changed these niggaz out here praisin squealers Go Proof - my behavior's iller when tellin the truth Expunge my gun nigga like any paid felon'll do My spoken is well in the truth, you in hell and the Proof From the block to the jail or the booth Bod boy image shall illuminate in silence Gangsta, one that communicates through violence Go Proof - not through yappin or hostile rappin All on TV vest up and glocks go flashin It's all actin - y'all just don't see the director behind the camera that yells out "Action" (take one!) Blowin off the door hinge to a world in orbit Where the masses have supportive recorded performance There's enormous shortage of poor kids with new deals, they will become distorted and tortured And I ain't losin like 'Pac, there's rules on my block I'm from Detroit bitch, it ain't cool to be shot {*gunshots*} (Is he still alive?)  (Yeah yeah, I think so) (Alright great, let's sign him!) [Outro: Proof] Heh, aiyyo dig this If you tell the masses, you tell the cops But if that street yappin made you famous, then you a star Star; hey, write down "star" Write down "star" on a piece of paper Hold it up in front of you, right in the mirror Put it in the mirror Hold it up in front of you, and that's YOU We don't like you {*laughs*} Holla at me, fix it faggots.. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Proof f/ Kon Artis (D12), Mudd (5 Ela), T-3 (Slum Village) Album: Searching for Jerry Garcia Song: Slum Elementz Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com [Chorus 2X: Kon Artis] It's however, it's whatever you like If you that nigga tryna get ahead and you know you right I see the Henny and I guess it's aight Cause it ain't have the bars then take a step of your life [T-3] Yeah I stepped out the background when my nigga Dilla left Didn't see the full picture, maybe just a rough sketch Didn't know the dude for real, they knew a silhouette Small portion who I was when I turned and looked back Had a few tools, had to learn to work that Plus they cut a nigga out, say I wasn't worth jack The trials of your man, I'm not complainin I'm sayin the truth y'all exactly how it's layin So when you see me don't think it was easy Things wasn't fair to me, your man T-Threezy I had to work to eat, I wasn't supposed to be I did a flow like boats on seas Now I'm the captain of my own destiny I stand at the edge of this shit, control my feats I rearrange things that could've remained bleak Cause you ain't doin the same, don't mean you should hate me [Mudd] Damn, it's hard hustlin with your crew when you the head of your troops and dudes don't wanna grow up Attitude is so what, nig's out here killin 'em Dude's draggin his feet, I ain't got time to deal with him Look at the time dime, how many years it's been since we moved back from Brooklyn? You lookin sorry dawg, pardon me I'm your mans, this ain't no diss But I don't see no good in you if you don't handle yo' biz Yo' angle is, is bored and stubborn Quick to say fuck whoever and still want somethin for nothin Streets talked about your loose lips, remember when Proof flipped Threw a cassette tape at you, you ain't do shit Exactly, I woulda been scrappin if that was me When the Feds came to swoop you turned your back on T I ain't sayin you snitch but your actions are smellin like fish You still smackin your bitch, too old to be actin like this Man chill [Proof] I ain't tryin to find no blame, or make excuses I figured y'all slept so long I'll wake the rooster I love hip-hop and just makin music In the "8 Mile" flick I was portrayed as Future On the set I was due, where's the rest of my crew for the movie, this is truly our destiny dude I'm like Shady is my team, maybe it's a dream It seems I'm bein choked like Radio Raheem P knew it when G-Unit all got deals Imagine a muscle have to hustle, that's why it feel I'm walkin out of different people office still This ain't a diss, this is just talkin real Toy soldier, wonderin how they coffin feel My homie put me on 'em but I got up off them pills Got a boss appeal, you can call me Malphie{?} But ask 'em all how where the fuck what they'd be without me - Proof The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Proof f/ Eminem Album: We Ain't Scared 12" Song: We Ain't Scared Typed by: YoungMakaveli420@hotmail.com [Intro] Dirty Harry is dead [x4] I'm here to announce that Dirty Harry is dead Now witness the life of his son, or Oil Can Harry, The Boss [Proof] My life is trapped in these lines, that's why I'm packin' these nines I gotta rap I ain't dyin', that's in the back on my mind Got a strap made of iron, can't relax on this grind Bendin' over backwards for these slackers til I'm snappin' my spine Naturally, I gotta focus On these bogus poachers, lookin' over my shoulder, Proof get it poppin' like soda Hold up [Eminem] (We nothin' but soldiers) Slow up [Eminem] (This gun is loaded) Roll up [Eninem] (They beef and we leavin' 'em coked up) If Em say it I spray it, if he willin' I kill it We kill packs to get iller Detroit, y'all can feel it Got this gun on my wasteline, in war we don't waste time Ja, man he can't take a punch and 50 can take nine We got School Craft here at the 7, 8, and text her I'm up in Holly, spendin' dollas, ain't feelin' no pressure Yes sir, your texture is bitch, bet'cha ya flinch When Proof shoot up they coup, and wet your whole clique Fuck it who's next on this shit, this is prefrence to bitch When you preface to stiffen slugs enter your wig You'll be next to BIG, Pac is destiny kid Before ya lead get popped, stop testin' me bitch Homie you think you tough (what) Think we won't fuck you up (punk) Even the innocent get pistol-whipped by this pistol grip (punk) Talkin' shit you drunk (what) Think I won't fuck you up (punk) We both deep, I ain't scared and I don't give a fuck (jump) [Proof] I ain't feel no games, homie don't even try We ain't bowin' down to no one we gon' start a riot (yeah) Heart of fire, soul of ice, roll the dice, see what you get No advice, all my life I ain't leavin' in this bitch I'm a man, more I'm holdin' my ground To loadin' these rounds, at any call approachin' my ground (blah) I'm a kid but grimey, nothin' but killas And behind me, I'm a bully fully cuz your team is tiny If I was to crush 'em, got to say these Bibles are nothin' This rifle on clutches to leave you stifled on crutches I fight for my cousins that ain't even related Even I stated, not from life I leave you bleedin' and faded Hatin' made in my nature, I'm clappin' and clackin' your captain Smackin' faggots and act as a rapper with platinum status, ya livin' flappin' 'em slappin' 'em backwards After these rappers' status To shadders, knowin' Proof and that Mathers has gathered an army It's Shady bandatas After rest the game is won, who in the matters get blamed fast with brain damage The name that some forgot, D12, it ain't hard to feel, guard ya grill, it's REAL! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Rihanna f/ Eminem Album: Loud Song: Love the Way You Lie Part 2 Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Rihanna] On the first page, of our story The future seemed so bright Then this thing turned out, so evil I don't know why I'm still surprised Even angels have, their wicked schemes And you take that, to new extremes But you'll always be, my hero Even though you've lost, your mind [Chorus: Rihanna] Just gonna stand there and watch me burn Well that's alright because I like the way it hurts Just gonna stand there and hear me cry Well that's alright because I love the way you lie I love the way you lie, ohhhh I love the way you lie... [Rihanna] Now there's gravel, in our voices Glasses shatter from, the fight In this tug-of-war, you'll always win Even when I'm right Cause you feed me fables from your head With violent words, and empty threats And it's sick that all these battles are what keeps me satisfied [Rihanna] Ohhhhhhhh-ohhh So maybe I'm a masochist I try to run, but I don't wanna ever leave 'Til the walls, are goin up in smoke with all, our memories! [Eminem] This morning, you wake, a sunray hits your face Smeared makeup as we lay in the wake of destruction (Shhhh) Hush baby speak softly, tell me you're awfully sorry that you pushed me into the coffee table last night so I can push you off me! Try and touch me so I can scream at you not to touch me Run out the room and I'll follow you like a lost puppy Baby without you I'm nothing, I'm so lost, hug me Then tell me how ugly I am, but that you'll always love me Then after that shove me, in the aftermath of the destructive path that we're on, two psychopaths but we know that no matter how many knives we put in each other's backs that we'll have each other's backs, cause we're that lucky! Together we move mountains Let's not make mountains out of molehills, you hit me twice, yeah but who's countin? I may have hit you three times, I'm startin to lose count But together, we'll live forever, we found the youth fountain Our love, is crazy we're nuts, but I refuse counselin This house is too huge, if you move out I'll burn all two thousand square feet of it to the ground, ain't shit you can do about it Cause with you I'm in my fuckin mind, WITHOUT YOU I'M OUT IT~! [Rihanna] I love the way you lie... I love the way you lie... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Rihanna f/ Eminem Album: Unapologetic Song: Numb Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Rihanna] Ecstacyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy In the air... I don't care Can't tell me noth-iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiing I'm impaired... the worse for wear [Chorus: Rihanna] Cause I'm goin numb, I'm goin numb I'm goin numb, I'm goin numb I'm goin numb {"Let the champagne splash"} I'm goin numb {"Let that man get cash"} I'm goin numb {"Let that man get cash"} I'm goin numb {"Let that man get cash"} I'm goin numb, I'm goin numb I'm goin numb, I'm goin numb I'm goin numb {"Let the champagne splash"} I'm goin numb {"Let that man get cash"} I'm goin numb {"Let that man get cash"} I'm goin numb {"Let that man get cash"} I'm goin [Rihanna] Can't you seeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee Ain't it clear? ... I don't care Get closer to meeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee If you dare... I double dare [Eminem] I'm plastered (drywall) look me in my (eyeball) Do I look high? {"No"} I +Love the Way You Lie+ girl Yeah yeah yeah; c'mere dear, I'm tryin to get closer to you I'm motionin you to pull over boo I'm the siren that you hear hear I'm the butt police, and I'm lookin at your REAR REAR REAR! But odds are I'ma end up in the back of a squad car by the end of tonight I'm a rock star, get your wind up, it's attack of the oddball Homie can ya show me where the gosh-darn bath salts are cause I'm sick of sniffin asphalt, every thought's scarred Got my pants off at the crosswalk in suspenders And I can't feel my limbs cause The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Royce Da 5'9" f/ Eminem Album: Build & Destroy/Bad Meets Evil: Nuttin' to Do CD-S Song: Nuttin' to Do Typed by: rapforum@hotmail.com, OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Royce]	What? Uhh.. [Em]	The Bad.. [Royce]	Yeah.. [Em]	The Evil.. [Royce] Right, yo [Em]	put em together Chorus: Royce Da 5'9", Eminem [Royce] Yo if it wasn't for your whip, I'd have nothin to strip [Em]	If it wasn't for a wrist, I'd have nothin to slit 	If it wasn't for the shrooms, I'd have nothin to chew [Royce] Yo.. [both]	I'm just fuckin with you, cause I got nothin to do [Eminem] I am bored!!!!! I came in the diner with skateboarders, and placed orders Ate hors d'oeuvres, and hit the waiter with plate warmers *crash sound* Let you inhale the glock smell, while I'm rippin your wallet off  and slippin a Molotov in your Cocktail (take that) Burnin your contracts, punch your A&R in the face *punch sound* Smash his glasses and turn em to contacts I'm on some shook shit, if it's missin I took it (whoops!) Nurse look at this straightjacket, it's crooked! I go to jail and murder you from a cell Put a knife in an envelope and have you stabbed in the mail (FedEx) So how do you describe someone, with a decapitated head  when the rest of his body's still alive RUNNIN? [Royce] Comin with five gunmen, waitin to do a drive-by So when you see the black 500 (what?) hide from it For every hundred MC's rhymin about birds only about two-thirds'd really set it without words Yo you ain't a thug, I can make you bitch up Pick the fifth up, cock, spit, you would swear it's rainin slugs (what?) I'm the hottest shit in the industry (uh) I got every thug on the block that get a wind of me defendin me You lack class and respect, get a direct backblast The Bad and Evil mad rap, I cover the Bad half You know how a thug in this shit'll end up Spit a round, lift your chin up, you get hit, ten down and ten up (what?) I take it if you run your mouth, then you wanna get sent up Heat it up, you be leakin blood and spittin phlegm up Now we rivals, cause of a small name or title You stepped, got devoured and left with a flower and bible Chorus: 2X [Eminem] *yawns* Forget a chorus -- my metaphors are so complicated  it takes six minutes to get applause (yay) And by the time you all catch on, I'ma end your career  and walk away with the whole floor so you have nothin to fall back on! I'll throw you off of ten floors .. *AHHHHHHH* Pull a fuckin headache outta my head, and put it in yours (take this) I'm indoors, waitin for this acid to seep in my skin pores to go outdoors and do some in-stores This bitch wanted to blow me, I said, "It oughta happen. You swallow cum bitch?" "No, but I brought a napkin" Gettin skullie while I'm autographin Got my daughter laughin cause I sent her mother whitewater raftin I'm not a fact, I'ma proven fear Mr. Rogers blocked up my U-haul screamin,  "Wait, wait, wait.. you ain't movin here!" Lorena Bobbitt, c'mere, want a souveneir? I've been high as fuck, since I was a juvi-neer Juvenile? Same difference -- I need some 'caine  cause I ain't sniffed since I woke up the seven slain infants (Oh my God!) Brain implants and they say there's a slim chance I won't stay the same cause I traded brains with a chimpanz' [Royce] Walkin in swamp water with an M-16, out for the blood Shove a gun in the mouth of a thug To break braces, you say grace and make faces I'll display hate and break you in eight places (what?) Take paces, turn around draw in a standoff Precise aim, icin my fame, blowin your hand off Dancin with the Devil leadin - I won't die, I'm never leavin (what?) I pledge allegiance to forever breathin Street niggaz with nuts, what? My meat's bigger (what?) Fake-ass thugs with toy guns and cheap triggers with a deathwish, thinkin I'm the nigga to mess with Let the tech lift, direct chest hit, melt your necklace For instance, you just a henchmen, on tough soil (what?) A follower never had heart, he just loyal Thugs is glass doors, I see through em, put the heat to em Be careful you might get what you ask for Chorus 2X [Em]	The Bad.. the Evil.. 	The Bad.. the Evil.. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Royce Da 5'9" f/ Eminem Album: Rock City Song: Rock City Typed by: bootleg210@msn.com "Rock City, Royce, 5'9, Slim, Shady" *skirt* "COME ON!!" [Royce Da 5'9"] Can't stop the hustle, Royce nickel nine Glock stops the tussle, nine shots'll bust you Pine box'll stuff you, fuck you! ("Fuck you!") I am not the tussle, niggaz don't know me *skirt* ("COME ON!!") I'm Detroit's king nigga *skirt* BOW! Rock City's where niggaz pimp hoes and ball Strip hoes in bars, steal clothes from malls  "Arms, and ya city's got the.." [3x] Titties saggin lookin like they got four arms Gold bottles, green bottles, Cris' to the don Niggaz get popped for sellin weed shaked with seeds If you hate me you hate the D (*vocal scratch*) please! I'm takin shit back, to the riots in the sixties Think I'm lying? Visit me (Where you live?) [Hook] + (Eminem) "Rock city.. rock on!" (Come on and rock wit me) "Rock city" *scratches* (Come on and rock wit me) "Rock city.. rock on!" (Come on and rock wit me) "Rock wit me" *scratches* (Come on and rock wit me) "Rock city" *scratches* (Come on the block wit me) "Rock city.. rock on!" (And come and rock wit me) "Rock.. city.. come on" "Rock.. on.. city.. come on!" [Royce Da 5'9"] Suburban and city niggaz hustle together Long as it's money envolved, niggaz'll tussle together Long as the hustle's a hustle, the green is green White is white, nigga we buyin if the price is right So (*scratch*) drop the mics Everything's on cock, from the shots to the dice We are not into hype You can't say we can't work Either we some plant workers or we some niggaz that plant work ("What") Detroit bitches is bout it You can just ask any one of ya niggaz that visit about it Any Seven Mile bitch know how to get rich She'll fuck you till you sleep PLUS lie to ya bitch PLUS she'll suck and swallow up outta ya dick And she'll keep a sugar daddy that'll buy her some shit, come on! [Hook] + (Eminem) "Rock city.. rock on!" (Come on and rock wit me) "Rock city" *scratches* (Come on and rock wit me) "Rock city.. rock on!" (Come on and rock wit me) "Rock wit me" *scratches* (Come on and rock wit me) "Rock city" *scratches* (Come on the block wit me) "Rock city" *scratches* (And come and rock wit me) "The city with the bars, where the goons with the cars,  to produce, here we are.." [Royce Da 5'9"] Looted casinos, car shuffles, numbers to bet Disrespect and get a new smile under ya neck A city full of thug-ass niggaz, and punk-rockers Alotta niggaz act like Pac so cops watch 'em And shot blocks up in the black or the light Timbs White boys, look, act, and rap like Slim ("Hi!") Fight Music, knife users never respect it Guns talk (*scratch*) high schools with metal detectors A city full of Tommy Hearns thumpers Grant Hill hoopers, Barry Sanders runners, stunners Chaldeans wit weed connects like whoa! Type of weed, no need to test like 'dro Type of cats who got dough, they like ("So!") You real, then you might go.. (Where?) [Hook: 2X] + (Eminem) "Rock city.. rock on!" (Come on and rock wit me) "Rock city" *scratches* (Come on and rock wit me) "Rock city.. rock on!" (Come on and rock wit me) "Rock wit me" *scratches* (Come on and rock wit me) "Rock city" *scratches* (Come on the block wit me) "Rock city" *scratches* (And come and rock wit me) [Royce talking] + (Eminem) Detroit Rock City ("Slim Shady") Won't you come on the block with us? ("Royce the 5'9") Won't you just come and rock with us? ("Royce the 5'9") Next Level ("Rock City") Royce the 5'9" ("Rock") Slim Shady ("Rock City") Uh uh, won't you come and rock with us? ("Rock City") Won't you come on the block with us? ("Rock wit me") Won't you come and rock with us? ("Rock wit-") Rock City.. touch it... ("Fuck!") The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Royce Da 5'9" f/ Eminem, Project Paki Album: She's the One 12" Song: She's the One (Remix) Typed by: stillmatic21787@aol.com * * send corrections to the typist [Eminem] Slim Shady Asshole [Royce] Any nigga wit guns, we got guns too More heated, ready to outgun you It's too late I already outgunned you You was around, you know the outcome too Let's play, lemme show you what Game is Heartbreak, I'm showin' you what pain is Please, I'm reppin' a 'd' homeboy Where your guns, you steppin' to me homeboy Royce five-nine's the name, niggaz know And niggaz know, dealin' wit me niggaz know Ayyo toots, how you get here, you wanna ride I got a five in Southside, you wanna drive Beside, I ain't got no five, you gold-digger You wanna suga-daddy, go get you an old nigga I got money, I'm just here to bug you girl Can't get none, but you know I love you girl yo [Chorus:] [Royce] She the one that wanna ride hot whips, huh Same one that ain't really got shit, huh She want her hair done, then get her nails done Go to Fifth Ave, just to shop for Shanell, huh [Eminem] She the one that ain't really got shit, huh The little bitch that really aint got tits, huh Fuckin slut with a chest enhanced,  Wouldn't dance if you aint pay for her breasts implants [Eminem] Anybody wit knives, we got knives too More sharp, and ready to outslice you About 5 dudes, waitin outside for you And what's inside is coming outside you Get me drunk, and I'll drink anything you can think Wattup Miss. Bitch  (Yo what's up with the ring, you married?)  Shit, I'm still mingling, bitch I just wanted to scream, this is the only finger that's it Wattup with you, you married? (Naww, I'm divorced) Of course you are, you little fuckin trailer park whore (Trailer? I don't live in no trailer. I live in a mobilization unit, for your information) Bitch, I got a dick, wanna fuck? Hold still, so i don't use birth control pills slut Fuck, pump so much cum in your stomach that when I pull out A years and a half old body, deranged baby fall out And I ain't stayin to pay no child support Are you playin? Be a man- bitch what you sayin? You tryin to pull some bullshit, while I got one arm free You want me to make this half-nelson a full? [Chorus:] [Royce] Wattup boo, this is for you and your girlfriend You bank-head, up in Detroit we Earl Flynt Assholes get guns and flashed those Never ever go to Detroit, we blast those [Eminem] Hi, my name is... [Royce] Royce I'm the king Gimme money, gimme jewels, everything Ayyo, you with the long hair, is it yours? I guess so, got a reciept- paid for Got anymore lipstick? I'm sick of red Get a perm, you nappy head, you chicken head I know you ghetto, I ain't trying to take the ghetto out Things about you to tell about, mellow out I'm the one that be makin the clubs say "What" Gettin love, and making the club say "What" Some of you cats, hate on the low and got sick Any sauce that got hits, not this yo [Project Paki] Any nigga wit guts, we got guts too More than crazy, only want to outdo you Damn, too late, we going after you Go get more niggaz, you gonna need more than two Project Paki, here to rep the east, New Jersey- I'mma rep my streets Militainment- we soldiers y'all Me, Slim, and Royce got you cornered y'all The only niggaz you see on World's Wildest Police Chases Niggaz that go wild only during court cases Bitches go wild when they see us cum on they faces We never discriminate, we fuck all races She the one that I got love for Money she won't get, I assure She the one that think she hot Damn, have you seen her, she is hot High maintanence- that's her style God I can't her out my mind, when she smile But ain't no need to worry bout nothin I got ten girls like her, I ain't frontin The only thing i buy is some good clothes for her, cuz them shit is tacky Royce got me on this, remember the name- Project Paki so yo [Royce] You tramp Why you still listenin?  Don't you see, I'm dissing you Fade me out, why would you ever play me out? I'm cool  What do yall want from me? (Repeat till fade) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Royce Da 5'9" f/ Eminem Album: Success Is Certain Song: Writer's Block Typed by: eddie014@hotmail.com [Intro - Eminem] Yeah!, yeah I don’t know what else to say I can’t, I can’t think of nothin’ I’m stumped Here we go! (Here we go!) On your feet! (On your feet!) Stand up! (Stand up!) Everybody hands up! (Hands up!) Uh, man, I dunno, man Everytime I go to think of something played out to say You already said it... Royce [Verse 1 - Royce Da 5'9"] I ain’t calling names, cause all of y’all the same, plus I’m the king, all my past pain all done changed up All these plains, all these lames, since the Slaughter’s came up Cause they know they hands tied, feet ball and chained up Niggas be quick to call me the new 50 Cent, because of my relationship  With Marshall, used to make me a little partial But here’s the brain fuck, We the same cuz I’m probably about to fall out with a +Young Buck+ While I attempt to fuck the fuckin' +Game+ up Bitch, splat, only thing I fear in here is chit-chat You are hearing bars like your ear against a Kit-Kat Shady guys like the Navy, drive, wavy bye-bye Maybe my glock can turn your top to Baby’s Maybach My shit is powerful, literally sick, trust me nigga It’s ugly to kill a thing if the bigger I get The more disgusting and fuckin’ disfigured it gets Niggas expect me to go pop, oh, stop Y’all about the champagne, I’m about the toast - I Only fuck with mailmen, with heroin from Boca Niggas that’ll smoke you while you staring in your postbox Only incense he enlightens when he’s thinkin’ While that sinks in, I got a Brinks ink pen I’m back, muthafucka Notice the flyness on the cover of the XXL I’m back from the dead like Tobey Maguire from the "Brothers" How y’all realer; (How y’all realer) If I said it, I did it If I didn’t, I seen it first-hand like a car dealer Give up the throne, your lease up, I am the Mona Lisa That decoded Da Vinci Code, you throwin’ your piece up Is a waste of fake like a phony B-cup Nigga, the mistake was like my only teacher Wait ’til they get a load of me ’cause [Chorus - Royce Da 5'9"] I’ve got Gucci’s on my feet, diamonds on my neck Diamonds on my wrist, bitches on my dick; but y’all already said that Choppers in the trunk, models in the front Bottles in the club, but I don’t give a fuck; but y’all already said that [Eminem] Cause sometimes I feel like it’s so hard For me to come up with shit and just say: "Ayyyyyye" I’m at a loss for words ’cause y’all already said it all I think I’m runnin’ out of cliches, I’m gettin’ writer’s block (Psyche!) [Verse 2 - Royce Da 5'9"] When I stand up in this booth, niggas notice it Sittin’ on the same boat that Noah built Floatin’ on the same water Moses split Poetry in motion, but we sittin’ on your grave site, overkill Aren’t you tired, why are you so loud, quiet! Real dudes move in silence, like a mute drivin’ a new hybrid You dudes is too excited You a dude that’d try to sue a dude, that’s suicidal You will just be another victim I am like a nickel of weed rolled in a doobie, I’m a little twisted I roll like the end credits in movies, y’all just got scripted Got y’all niggas’ bitches bobbin’ to this one when she witcha When she wit’ me, she bobbin’, not vibin’ Tryna put her mind into the inside of my zipper I’m a serpent with a purpose, havin’ problems Not a problem I’ve encountered I have found elephants, lions, clowns Will jump through hoops like they workin’ for the circus At the fire round the circle’s right in front of them, fire rounds Pun intended, gun extended, what are you mark’s askin’ Car’s Aston, started as a hard-top and I saw past it Since I decided to start class diss All black, all glass, panoramic roof been gettin’ marked absent I authorize my own all-access Your bitch a whore, I’m a catch, she ball-catchin’ Her jaw’s been broadcasted, all across the globe from the store to Japan Her pussy need to be blocked and reported as spam Bong! Interscope up in this dope, and I sell it My voicemail is full, got bitches screamin’ inside of envelopes And they tryna mail ‘em to me, tryna reach my phone I don’t know which one is harder Tryna not to take your bitch or tryna get rid of my own [Chorus - Royce Da 5'9"] I’ve got Gucci’s on my feet, diamonds on my neck Diamonds on my wrist, bitches on my dick; but y’all already said that Choppers in the trunk, models in the front Bottles in the club, but I don’t give a fuck; but y’all already said that [Eminem] Cause sometimes I feel like it’s so hard For me to come up with shit and just say: "Ayyyyyye" I’m at a loss for words ’cause y’all already said it all I think I’m runnin’ out of cliches, I’m gettin’ writer’s block (Psyche!) [Outro - Eminem] Man, get the bozak We need to start bringin’ that shit back (Mad flavor!) Man, fuck it, I’m ’bout to catch some wreck (We in effect, money! Hahaha!) Mad props to Royce for keepin’ it real On the strength, no diggity I’m ’bout to go pull some hoes, get my mack on... Haters get the gasface! Hahahah! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Shane Capone f/ D-12, Hush Album: Flood These Streetz Song: Dirty, Filthy, Rotten, Scoundrels Typed by: pantera_trendkill97@yahoo.com Shit,  Shane Capone... the idiotic Bizarre Spit in your face [Bizarre] Shut the fuck up, before your ass get knocked It's hard to talk, with a gun in your mouth Dirty Dozen, nuthin but bad news Fuck a bitch in the ass with a rubber Hush just used Fuck the pain, I don't give a shit Tie me up and beat my ass cheek with hockey sticks (uh! "you're sick") I don't give a damn Smokin crack with Michael Jackson in the ???? ??? program Blaow, blaow! You hear this loud sound Fuckin the engineer's wife while he's mixin my songs down Walkin up in the elementary, lookin like a bum Watch some kid yell "He's got a gun!!!" I'm the shadiest nigga here to come out the Dirty Doz Do a song with you and tell people how wack your verse was ("Shit's wack!") I'm laid back like John Forte' Who got a screw driver so me and my girl can have foreplay?  [Hook] We some Dirty, Filthy, Rotten Scoundrels Dirty, Filthy, Rotten Scoundrels Dirty, Filthy, Rotten Scoundrels Dirty, Filthy, Rotten Scoundrels Dirtyyyyyy, Filthyyyyyy, Rottennnn, Soundrels Dirtyyyyyy, Filthyyyyyy, Rottennnn, Soundrels [Swift] We walk around this bitch triflin' Quick to sock a nigga while we cypherin' Rubber gloves, Black man rifled in my right hands Watchin rappers dash like hyphens Burnin y'all without the Tetracycline I'ma let your set know, I can get drunker than Jethro Just to run up on you, and crack you with this ???? Smash your vehicle, snatch your key and go You niggaz think you got somethin to say, let me know Don't bite your tongue, fuck it Rappers switch subjects  When I'm steppin in they company, them hoes don't get budgets Snatchin briefcases with your hundreds Packin heat just in case you want it (nope) Bodies in abundance I have no feelings, tell you the truth - I'm known, bitch I'm lettin loose any affiliate you run with So pack your gun quick (nigga), cuz I'ma let you know You ain't got a bone to pick with me, bitch I fuck so [Hush] Ay yo I'm iller than a white rapper usin the word nigga (WHAT!?) Got a conflict with my dick like Dirk Diggler Became sick in the brain since Bugz's death Whoever did it, I'm a bust a nose, slugs is left I'm harder than my dick when I'm watchin my first porn Ill enough to kill your wife while she's havin her first born Leavin the hospital, in a voice just like Beavis Screamin "I need some!" while I'm holding up a fetus Spittin the hot shit, nick name is godzilla (ugggh!) Natural born, undercover cop killa On the reala, yo, you're just an enemy Bout to come up missing like a second John Kennedy Try to gamble with Swift, muthafucka the bet's on Let Shane fuck your bitch while Bizarre jacks off Hush, I'm crushing rappers while I'm somersaulting backwards Bustin nuts up in your mattresses, says nobody a better rapper  [HOOK] [Shane Capone] What you motherfuckaz want, red dots when I pull it Unless your name's Pac, you ain't shakin 5 bullets Anymore, we hustle for cheddar, cheese, and mayo Quick to hit your city up with more felonies than Jayo We got murder for hire, all it takes is a call We leave you slumped over in the suburbs like Biggie Smalls Venomous lyrics, spittin shit like pipe bombs Leave your maggot brain, hangin out the frame like Esham We some Dirty, Filthy But y'all ain't feelin this shit We comin'/cummin' sicker than a syphilis dick When we spit, somebody find Puff Go tell him we got Jennifer hostage We gon' rape this little bitch, ain't none of y'all stoppin Cuz we raw doggin these bitches and they asshole with age Hell naw, this ain't range, but I got pistols on beret Big Capone up in this bitch like the return of the living dead And have your white born bloody sheets and a horse up in your bed  Ain't no freestyle rapper, but I play for Bugz without no problem Have you stand around, look and dance, fucked like Dennis Rodman If you didn't want this muthafuckin rap game twisted You should have never let Detroit listed (muthafucka) [HOOK] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Skylar Grey f/ Eminem Album: Don't Look Down Song: C'mon Let Me Ride Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Intro: Skylar Grey] And the wheels go around, and round, and round... [Skylar Grey] If you got a sweet tooth You can taste my watermelons If the swing set bores you I can show you all my talents I can wear a taaaaan Like other bitches caaaaan't You can have all this, boy And there's only one thing that I want from you [Chorus: Skylar Grey] C'mon let me ride your bicycle It's so fantastical, on your bicycle We can get a little more physical Baby after all, it's only natural Feel it comin, comin, comin, OHH! Feel like runnin, runnin, runnin, OHHHH! C'mon let me ride your bicycle It's so fantastical, on your bicycle WHOA! [Interlude: Eminem] You want to ride my bicycle You want to ride my bike Haha [Skylar Grey] If the world starts freezing I can make it hot and humid If you get a bee sting I can suck out all the poison I can make you laaaaast Like other bitches caaaaan't Have I made it clear, boy? There's only one thing that I want from you, HEY! [Skylar Grey] I'm only fucking with you Fuck you for thinking it's true I'm not like the sluts in this town They make me BLECH in my mouth I wanna ride on your bike Cause you're the boy that I like It's like I'm a sell-out for you But your bike's so shiny and new (shiny and new) [Eminem] + (Skylar) She's distracted, by my reflectors, man I can this chick's attracted My wheels SPOKE to her, my Schwinn is a chick magnet Baggin up chicks like a bag of chips with a bag of prophylactics as big as Mick Jagger lips Shaggin's, somethin I'm a pro at, but I ain't practicin shit (Allen) Iverson of safe sex, condoms are for practice, man I {skip practice} Flip backwards while I flip this bike on its banana seat My fantasy's to have you land where the kickstand is Got this bitch gaggin, they call me the broad killer I'm the cousin of Godzilla Cause I spit fire and my dick's draggin/dragon Zig-zaggin up the avenue pullin these chicks in my antagonist, wagon Screamin [Outro: Eminem] You want to ride my bicycle You want to ride my bike You want to ride my bicycle You want to ride my bike Haha The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Slaughterhouse f/ Eminem Album: Welcome To: Our House Song: Asylum Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  {*sounds of gunshots and people screaming*} [Eminem] Yea yea, yo, yo! (This just in!) [Chorus: Eminem] The lunatics now run the asylum The doctors are dead, nurses are tied up They've taken it over and barricaded themselves inside it The lunatics now run the asylum I said the lunatics now run the asylum The doctors are dead, nurses are tied up They've taken it over and barricaded themselves inside it The lunatics now run the asylum [Joell Ortiz] I walk around with O.J.'s glove knowin it fit Fifth to the toilet, we takin over this shit The Yaowa waited, salivated like "Man I know I can spit" I was knockin for quite some time but y'all wouldn't open this bitch You turn green when I enter, probably can't breathe Now y'all trees in the winter, nobody can't leave For all those that was doubtful I got a scalpel and a mouth full of vowels that make a party stampede You brag about swag and your feminine trends I belittle your riddle, you Skittles with +Eminem's+ friends So I ain't tryin to play wit'chu This chainsaw crack jokes on Cain's brother brah, diss-Abel you (Vroom) I'm an untamable animal with aim from a movin train, I can graze your decayin tooth And my strait-jacket just came unloose So I'm reportin live, this is (breaking news!) [Crooked I] Psycho like no bitch-made nigga So this great nigga go insane I got the switchblade to your throat, move it's not smart I'll slice and watch you bleed all over the pop charts Me and the Slaughters run the asylum I'm feelin like DiCaprio rappin on +Shutter Island+ This industry is pussy, guess who gon' hit it the meanest Give her the penis, hit the bitch in her Venus To this game I'm addicted and fiendish I'm predicted to bring this G shit, to it's pinnacle zenith Lyrical genius, so sick with ridiculous English Niggaz get squeamish when they hear this criminal linguist Ah, fall back it's the takeover Y'all wack and your cake over I escaped from the padded room Grab a broom, rape a male rapper's womb [Royce Da 5'9"] I'm one as the worst happenin, the hurt moment when I'm purse snatchin On purp' goin berserk bonin miss Nurse Ratchet When we spit you get the pug face Your bitch swallowed my $5 foot-long on a +Subway+ If sane people are rich, why should I sit around? Play me and end up like the back of this hospital gown Ass out - drink drink drink drink Pass out - y'all feel me, right? When I was young I was loud, I used to be like "I'LL KILL YA!!" Now I be like, "You know I'll kill you, right?" If y'all don't like it y'all can lick my dick Cause we built this house we live in brick by brick The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Slaughterhouse f/ Eminem, Skylar Grey Album: Welcome To: Our House Song: Our House Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Eminem] + (Royce) I wanna be the best who ever did it Don't know if that goal is feasible, or it isn't But if it is then God if you're listenin Please give me the strength to crush all competition You can't blame me for dreamin, I'm a dreamer And if I'm comin off brash please forgive me But, that's all I want (I just wanna be the illest MC) That's all I want (the same time bein as real as can be) [Royce Da 5'9"] Mayhem, sickness, murder, horror These are the kind of words that describe my aura G. Rap, Ras Kass, Kurupt, Redman I am cut from that cloth, write a rhyme about me, you a dead man Cool J, "I'm Bad" video Learned the whole routine and performed it for my father's friends while they smoked and drink, symphony, D.O.C. Inspired me to write what, would eventually put me on +Airplanes+ like B.o.B Canibus, Wu-Tang, you know our history but hats off When we rap as Jack Frost we outline the track chalk Thank GOD for the one-two cadence Thank GOD for the lunchroom tables I'm tryin to be the sickest nigga dead or alive And if I happen to fall short it's been one hell of a ride "Chronic" 1 and 2 Lookin up at the sky at the sun, up until the day the sun is you You're listenin to hip-hop You in Jay house, Wayne house, Nas house, Em house (our house) [Chorus: Skylar Grey] So welcome, to our house Where no one, comes back out You might find, comfort In here, in here, in here [Joell Ortiz] When I was a lil' boy I wanted to be a rapper Wanted to be on the radio and snappin pictures after And so I grabbed my pen and pad and scribbled chitter-chatter It started off wack, but in the words of a 10-year old my shit was gettin phatter I hit the studio at 16, stupid ill Not knowin how the booth would feel, what's a DATs and 2-inch reels? How you ad lib? What's a punch? I ain't a boxer But I sure enough learned the ropes, look D and Mike, y'all made a monster Now every day's a game of +Contra+, I got 99 men An infinite amount of rounds inside this mighty fine pen This is my dream, don't fuck with it, I'm tellin you Cause anyone can get dusted long as production is available I'm disgusted as a fan, look how niggaz soundin, DAMN! Weak head, y'all suck bad, fuck swag and your kicks from South Japan I'm finna be the best in this profession I've been invested all my life so wipe your feet before you step in (our house) [Eminem] + (Joe Budden) I wanna be the best who ever did it Don't know if that goal is feasible, or it isn't But if it is then God if you're listenin Please give me the strength to crush all competition You can't blame me for dreamin, I'm a dreamer And if I'm comin off brash please forgive me But, that's all I want (I just wan' be the illest MC) That's all I want (same time bein as real as can be) [Crooked I] Yo, in my house the lights out, no utilities in this facility Feelin my life's 'bout, to wipe out, these feelings I'm feelin be killin me I pull a mic out, can't strike out, cause if winnin is really my enemy I'll pull a 9 out, blow my mind out, is the end of me really serenity? Man in my house, it's rap or die, get a piece of that apple pie Life is a Pharcyde song, and that bitch just +Passes By+ So I, got lyrically complex, that way I could fly jets Get my moms out the projects, with these concepts, competition can't digest And then I stress cause the road is ROUGH, I start feelin like shit's sour The electricity in my willpower, can still power, the Twin Towers for ten hours, so send cowards the message from Crooked I, Royce Da 5, Joe Budden, Em, Yaowa [Eminem] In our, house we spittin like six hours, the way I feel now I can spit for six hours straight, only way to be great, is to dig down, if you can hear this sound in- -side my head sounds like a fuckin drive-by, that's what the inside of my mind's like Lookin back on, my career even, hindsight's, tunnel vision, 5 Mics Never wanted that so bad, feel like I could go mad, nomad with a notepad Go Taz, spaz on these hoe bags that bother me but I never wanna show that Just don't act like it ever does, even though you know that there will never come a day someone blows past you who never was, someone who's as dope as you ever was And you hope that's, true cause the competitor in you couldn't let somebody be better than you And you know that, so you don't ever hold back, what you gonna go back, to workin a regular job? Fuck that, I'ma go hard grab on my, gonads - tell 'em fuck theyself They call me a wigger/'weger like Renee Zell' but I, raised hell like a stay-at-home dad! Rap is the only thing that I was ever really, bad to the bone at Guess I'm similar to, Gang Green when I'm, angry then I'm, Hulk Smash So much passion but no compassion, if eyes are the window to the soul then it's, broken glass and there's no trespassin, aight now here we go Dre stamped me now I'm stampin Yelawolf, be ready for the most competitive clique in the world, it's like Clash of the Titans, I release the cracker, it's time to set it again And when it's said and it's all done none shall ever fuck with the squadron So come on in at your own risk; this is (our house) bitch! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Slaughterhouse f/ Eminem Album: Welcome To: Our House Song: Throw That Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Intro] Right about now, you're about to be possessed by the sounds, of Slaughterhouse (yeah!) [Chorus: Eminem] Cause she strips, to get tips Those lips and those child-bearing hips I'll throw this, I'll throw this dick on you girl, girl I'll throw this, I'll throw this dick on you girl, girl Gonna make you feel me if I gotta shake this building 'til I make you spill drinks Girl this whole building is probably filled with lil' ding-a-lings But not me now, I'll throw this dick on you girl, girl (throw dat dick) I'll throw this, I'll throw this dick on you girl, girl (throw dat dick) [Royce Da 5'9"] + (Eminem) They call me Nickel Nina A/K/A (ROYCE!) B/K/A (throw dat dick) A playa gotta keep a condom on cause we play safe Ay, then I'm takin the condom off cause I, skeet they face Then I turn off Jodeci cause they say, "Baby won't you just stay but you can't stay" (AY) It ain't trickin if you gettin it, if you ain't got that you ain't ballin, you mad They call me Botox up in Hermes cause I help them get rid of all those bags All those bags? I'll throw this brick on you girl Then I drink up, what's your number? I'ma throw this dick on you girl [Interlude: Royce] (Girl clap that!) And she's got it Ohhh, she got all the homies in here excited (now clap that!) Ohhh, I don't really know how to describe it (make it clap now!) [Royce Da 5'9"] Yeah yeah, the strippers love me and I love them too My bitch be like "What am I gon' do wit'chu?" All I know is I got a thing for her! [Crooked I] + (Eminem) I'm Crooked I, a/k/a Fuck Yo' Girl (throw dat dick) Up up in the sky, when it come down say "FUCK THE WORRRRRLD!" These strippers are sprung My middle initial is awful Richard and my nickname's right on the tip of her tongue The side of her mouth is drippin with (EGG!) Uhh, I'm drunk right now, stumped right now Tryin to figure out how to get four chicks to sit on one chair Oh yeah turn the chair upside-down Upside-down? I'll throw this grip on you girl Talkin that handcuff, you ain't never comin home, man finna trip on you girl [Interlude] [Crooked I] Baby you got some incredible skills I want brains, you want shoes True love's always head over heels [Eminem] I said YO YO! You got me on a string, I'm hangin like a YO-YO You string me along and leave me hangin and that's a NO NO in my world, cause I'll throw this dick on you girl [Joe Budden] + (Eminem) Look (throw dat dick) They call me Joe Butt-in, I be around when them hoes strut in (throw dat dick) This relationship is 50/50, if you meet me halfway I get the whole nut in Cause I'm in, town, just one day; now spin, 'round, get your face out the way And just when she want an encore I'm gone, ma sorry that I couldn't stay (AY) [Joell Ortiz] And they call me, O-E-double-L Ortiz A/K/A Yaowa A/K/A, nah nothin, I just got an AK in my jeans, can I spray your flower? Spray your flower? I ain't really tryin to sit wit'chu girl When you finish that split let's split Where's your wrist? Let me throw this GRIP on you girl (girl) [Interlude] [Joell Ortiz] + (Joe Budden) Before this night is a blur, here's my offer (That shit you did, do that with her) And both of you girls (reportin like) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Stat Quo f/ Eminem Album: Street Status Song: Eminem Intro Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Eminem] Statlanta! Welcome, as we introduce to you The newest member of the Shady/Aftermath family As we take you on a journey Down South to the dirty dirty Put yo' hands in the air For A-T-L's own, Stat Quo! Are you ready?! Ten, nine, eight, seven Six, five, four, three Two, one, on your, mark Ready, get, set, let's, GO! [Stat Quo] Check it out, stand up It's your boy Stat Quo representin that Shady/Aftermath GMM's the squad, I'm the LeBron James of this thang And right now, you get ready to bear witness To the "Street Status" mixtape {*echoes*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Sticky Fingaz f/ Eminem Album: Black Trash: The Autobiography of Kirk Jones Song: What If I Was White Typed by: el8o5kid@yahoo.com * also on the "Down to Earth" soundtrack [Eminem] Yo I got an idea Let me go grab Sticky right quick {*sounds of steps*} Hey yo Stick, Stick [Sticky] Yo Slim Shady Yo I just had like a nightmah.. Wait it wasn't like a nightmare It was like a good dreah.. Well it wasn't a good.. (What was it?) Hey yo I just had a crazy dream man (What?) Yo, yo I dreamt I was white! (Ohhh) [Chorus: Eminem] If he was white What if he was white? What if he was white? What - If - He - Was - White? What if he was white? What if he was white, white, white, white, white, white, white, white, white, white? [Verse One: Sticky Fingaz] Yo, yo What if I was white skin the same color as cocaine? Blond hair, blue eyes, the whole shibang I know one thing; police wouldn't always be watching me Pull me over for nothing, constantly jockin me  (Can I get your autograph?) The yellow cabs in the city would stop for me I wouldn't need collateral to buy property If I was white, wouldn't matter if I was rich or poor SECURITY wouldn't follow me around the store Like I'd steal something (Maybe he might of stole something) Because I'm black I rob and automatically assume I ain't got no job On my own land I feel like an immigrant If I was white I wouldn't of thought O.J. was innocent (He did it) Chorus: Eminem If I was white What if he was white? What if he was white? (Yo think about that) What if he was white, white, white, white, he was white (for a minute) What if he was white? What if he was (What if he was white?) white, white, white, white, white, white, white, white, white, white?  (What if he was white?) What if he was white? What if he was white? What - If - He - Was - White? What if you were white? (what if he was white?) What if he was white, white, white, white, white (STICKyyyy what if you were white?)  white, white, white, white, white? [Verse Two: Sticky Fingaz] If I was white It would be a different world for me If I was white (ummmmmmmm?) What shade would I be?  Would I be Redneck or Skinhead, preppy or high class? YOU PROBABLY LIVE IN A TRAILERPARK AND BE WHITE TRASH! In any case that be the ill shit right? (Yep) But there's a good and bad side of being white You can't say the N word without startin a fight (What's up my nigger?) Couldn't dance to a beat, I'd have two left feet Even if I was white plaque still have a ghetto shit (How you doing?) Is it a myth or do I really have a little dick (Nah, it's true!) If I was white, I would probably listen to hard rock and cover my ears when ever I heard Hip Hop (Ahhhhhhhhhhhh) [Chorus: Eminem] If he was white What if he was white? What if he was white? (What if he was white?) What if he was white, white, white, white, he was white What if he was white? What if he was white, white, white, white, white, white, white, white, white, white?  (What if he was white?) What if he was white? What if he was white? What if he was white, white, white, white, he was white (ummmmmmmm?) What if he was white? (What if you were white?) What if he was white, white, white, white, white, white, white, white, white, white?  (What if he was white?) [Verse Three: Sticky Fingaz] Yo, yo, yo, if I was white I probably wouldn't even think the same I'd watch Tennis and Golf and bet on Hockey games (Red Wings Man) Wear suit and ties and go to work everyday If I was white I couldn't live around my way And there probably would of never even been an Onyx, shit I be serice sippin vodka and tonix Smokin on a marlboro instead of a Newport Id live in Long Island instead of New York If I was white, I probably couldn't dunk cuz everybody knows white man can't jump (Nope!) And probably wouldn't be able to go to the weed spot Cuz all of the dreads would think I'm a cop [Chorus: Eminem] If he was white What if he was white? What if he was white? What - If - He - Was - White? (Yo you can't say that) What if he was white What if he was white, white, white, white, white, white, white, white, white, white? What if you were white? What if he was white? What - If - He - Was - White? What if he was white? What if he was white, white, white, white, white, white, white, white, white, white? If he was white? What if he was white? What if he was white (What would you do if you were white?) What - If - He - Was - White? (What if you were white?) white, white, white, white, white, white, (What if you were white!!!!) white, white, white, white? What if he was white? What if he was white? white, white, white, white, white? What if he was white white, white, white, white, white, white, white, white? [Eminem] Yo, what if I was white? Uhh.. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Sway & King Tech w/ DJ Revlolution and 	Chino XL, Eminem, Jayo Felony, Kool G. Rap, KRS-One,  	Pharoahe Monch, The RZA, Tech N9NE, Xzibit Album: This or That Song: The Anthem Typed by: Nature2QBC@aol.com -RZA intro from "Airwaves"- [King Tech] One two, one two We dedicate this one to the hip-hop culture y'all Brought to you by the WOOORRRLLD FAMOUS Wake Up Show [RZA] Bobby Steels, Staple' tails, MC's get your lips stapled Project Killa Hill is stamped on the map like the compass Sacred sword play tongue twist piercin holes in you  You can't escape seventy-thousand kilowatts blast through yo' box Walk wit alarm clocks, cars drivin slow down the block One stopped, parks, pops his trunk Snare pops loud as glock shots Bass like an M-80 in ya face, cops stop, give us citation We pause for radio station identification WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP! (Tech is on) [Tech N9NE] When I Woke Up, I grabbed the mic and never choked up Busted a verse and all the G's in Cali loc'ed up when I was summoned Styles were mixed like the Drummonds Killer clown is comin lookin around your town is crumblin This Big Tech from the Midwest, leavin MC's litless On the Wake Up Show, make up no, stories about my shake-up flow Put me off in a cypher? Potna, you can't *fuck* wit the snyper Your flow's premature, clean your dirty diaper Mic heister, psycho alpha-schizo Hypno, chryo gat flow, guru and ain't nobody tighter Sway & Tech heard me flow and it's sealed Now I got Swedish women yellin "Tech N9NE svelte!" [Eminem] This place is my house, I might as well erase my face wit white out Cuz y'all can't see me like Mase's eyebrows (where you at?) Climbed out of a nice house Through the front window and heard this guy shout "Hey that's my couch! (bitch!)" Pull a nine out during a rhyme bout While I'm rippin this shit, put a clip in it spit five rounds And murder you hoes worse than a convertible flippin verticle nose-first wit the top off landin up-side down You're tied down and duct-taped, fuck rape I'd rather just hump a slut's leg wit my nuts shaved And Sway & Tech, two disk jockeys Breakin so many friggin needles I wonder if they inject [Xzibit] Lo and behold, better than platinum and gold Yes God bless success, never forsake your soul Xzibit take control, lock loaded and ready to roll Play the upper hand, a man that's never gon' fold Cuz your tape sucks, find a new hobby that you can take up Or listen to my niggas Tech & Sway so you can Wake Up The X-Man, catch me doin drills in the Danger Room Big game huntin from high noon till the full moon [Pharoahe Monch] Wit synonyms, I get an adrenaline rush From minimum thrusts, bust multiple assaults in small interims As horrid as Boris Korloff was When I cut ya neck, leave a little piece of skin so the head won't fall off Hauled-off, sawed off shotgun blast He asked, why did he have to die like cast metal? O, huh, C now like Omar Credle We pone pedal at a high resolution  On the Wake Up Show wit Sway, Tech and DJ Revolution *DJ Revolution scratches* [Kool G Rap] I sway the tec wit the Tech and Sway Step away, wet and spray, rep the day Who over debt to pay get swept away Across the whole board like checker play When I blaze your whole sect' arrays Wake Up Show for those who slept away Niggas that met the trey, hit the deck and pray DJ Revolution, spinnin like lead from out the head decay Tearin your neck away, flood up the street wit blood redecorate Until the head of jake investigate [Jayo Felony] What, Sway can give it to but Whatcha Gon' Do wit it Tech can give it to you but Whatcha Gon' Do? Rev can give it to you but Whatcha Gon' Do wit it I can give it to you, Wha Wha Wha What What! [Chino XL] Yo yo, Chino make the world go 'round Fuckin up entire record companies like Harrell did to Motown Vominous talk, poison pen, hominous walk Which flow will I destroy you wit this time, the most commonest thought The drama that's brought, caught us in the midst of a sibling rivalry For instance, there is nothing born in existence that can survive wit me Clone me like sheep, I clean house like Tony Randall My style foul/file, for sexual harrassment like Tisha Campbell You wack like Will Smith, your rhyme style is pansy I fuckin murder your young style like Jon Benet Ramsey Now who the master to beg, your demo get passed on the reg' You shouldn't have been signed if you had a white cast on your leg I'm Wake Up Show reppin, wit Sway & Tech My tec's like Tekken, the industry weapon I'm Chino X, bring KRS in [KRS-One] De de de da de de de da di day HEY! KRS-One comin wit the Tech & Sway Yo, I rock up on the littlest set and up on the biggest set As ill as it gets I still manage to wiggle your neck wit sweat Never forget, the bigger the budget the bigger the debt You gotta be, willin to rock in the middle of dry and in the middle of wet But I'm willin to bet, on a Sway and a Tech They stay in effect, never been a pain in the neck, they gainin respect Nevertheless I WRECK YOU, now you know what Sway and Tech do I'll be back but for now just SACKLE!!! Ha ha ha, FRESH for 1999 you SUCKAS!!! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Sway and King Tech f/ Dilated Peoples, Eminem Album: Wake Up Show Freestyles Vol. 5 Song: Eminem and Dilated Peoples Freestyle Typed by: Nature2QBC@aol.com *after shoutouts and talking* [Eminem] Peace to Thirstin Howl, A.L. and Wordsworth My mother smoked crack, I had a premature birth I'm just a nerd cursed, wit badly disturbed nerves Who wanna be the one to step up and get served first? Ninety-nine percent of aliens prefer earth So I'm here to rule the planet, startin wit your turf I hid a secret message inside of a wordsearch Wit smeard letters, runnin together in blurred spurts I hang wit male chauvinist pigs and perverts Who point water pistols at women and squirt shirts Been a bad boy since diapers and Gerber's My first words were "Bleep bleep" and "Curse curse" Never had ish, and I still don't deserve dirt My breath still stinks and I'm on my third Certs Yankin out my stitches, hollering "Nurse nurse!" "You said this shot would numb it, trick it just hurts worse!" Grew up in a dump next door to a burnt church But gunshots drowned out crickets and bird chirps And it's like that, and it's like that [Evidence] Got no apathy Yo I Platform my strategy, mix words in alchemy Evidence, I won't get caught shot on the balcony Between you and I, I'll tell you here's the diff Gun to your head, you're dead, pointblank I shapeshift That's right, to dear/deer, anelope, or owl In life, use your potential, or Steve Howe I'm about to call it quits, yo too much weight'll break your rack mount The man'll make you move, yo so make your move a backout You say I use my name too much as a clutch Try holdin on to beat instead of pushin on your crutch Flipped it backwards, Evidence attack nerds off the head Steadfast, right or left, don't matter see you comin  Deaf/Def like Leppards, pop the piece, I be the sheppard Causin the herd, the name is Ev absurd Verbs get flipped, it's like this, yo acronyms and all that Methaphor imagery, you claimin metaphors and spittin similies Not havin It, the name is Evidence Like Pos. K gibbin the life thinkin of stabbin it Skills prevail you possess, take no offense But don't profess lies within your mind, tempt and stress [Iriscience] It's like uh-oh-oh It's Dilated Peoples on the Wake Up Show-uh-oh We kick a lick or some for the radio-uh-oh Yo CaTashTrophic like Rico *fades out* The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Sway & King Tech f/ Eminem Album: Wake Up Show Freestyles Vol. 5 Song: Eminem Freestyle Typed by: compbuttons@hotmail.com [* Talking *] [Eminem] Yo, I'll shove a gun in ya grill, greasy and heated Smothered in hot mustard so when I feed it to you it's easy to eat it You need to be immediately treated While you breathin' you'll be leavin' The receiving room this evening with Jesus You hate on us, we'll be waitin' on eight corners Swarmin' ya hood with a thousand angry skateboarders I'll hop in the Jeep, slam on the gas and charge you And bombard you in the car that ya mom bought you Mess around and get choked and found in a moat Floatin' around drowned face down in a boat I'll pile five dudes in a pen And we'll pull up to the seven mile drive-thru At McDonald's and pile-drive you I got the power to snatch a driver out his Eddie Bauer When it rides by me at ninety miler per hour This place is my house, I might as well erase my face with white-out Cause y'all can't see me like Mase's eyebrows It's like that, it's like that The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Sway and King Tech f/ Eminem Album: Wake Up Show Freestyles Volume 4 Song: Eminem Part 1 Typed by: atomant72@aol.com Met a retarted kid named Greg, with a wooden leg Snatched it off and beat him over the head with a peg Go to bed with a keg, wake up with a forty Mix it with Alka Seltzer and Formula 44-D Forget an acid tab I'll strap the whole sheet to my forehead Wait until it absorbed and fell to the floor dead No more said case closed end of discussion We blowing up like spontaneous human combustion Leaving you in the aftermath of holocaust and dramas Cross the bombest We blowing up your house Killing your parents and coming back to get your foster mommas I'm as good at keeping a promise as Nastradamus Cause I ain't making no more threats I'm doing drive-bys in tinted Corvettes On Vietnam war vets I am more or less sick in the head Maybe more  Because I smoked crack today, yesterday, and the day before Sabateur Walk the block with a labrador Strapped with more straps than El Salvador Foul style galore Verbal cow manure Coming together like an eyebrow on Al B. Sure The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Sway & King Tech f/ Eminem Album: Wake Up Show Freestyles Vol. 4 Song: Eminem Part 2 Typed by: compbuttons@hotmail.com [Eminem (Sway & King Tech)] It's like that (Uh, Eminem...Eminem) Alright bust it (What) [Eminem] It's only fair to warn, I was born with a set of horns And metaphors attached to my dang umbilical cord Warlord of rap that'll bash you with a two by four And smash into your Honda Accord with a four door Ford But I'm more toward droppin' an acapella To chop a fella to mozzarella worse than a helicopter propeller Got chu' locked in a cellar with your skeleton showin' Developin' anorexia while I'm standin' next to ya Eatin' a four-course meal watchin' you starve to death Put a IV in ya vein feedin' ya liquid Darvaset Pumpin' you full of drugs Pull the plugs on a gunshot victim full of bullet slugs Who were picked up by an ambulance and driven to receiving With they asses ripped out of they pants And given a less than twenty percent chance of livin' Havin' a possible placement as a hospital patient Storin' the dead bodies in grandma's lil' basement Doctor Kevorkian has arrived to perform an autopsy On you while you scream "I'm still alive" Drivin' a rusty scalpel through the top of ya scalp I'm pullin' ya Adam's apple out through ya mouth Better call the fire department, I've hired an arsonist To set fire to carpet and burn up your entire apartment [* Laughter *] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Sway and King Tech f/ Eminem Album: This or That Song: Get You Mad Typed by: mamasuga@hmc.edu, OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Yo.. yo! (* Eminem hachs up spit *) Mic check.. (My dick!) Testing.. one, two (* Eminem hach-spits on mic *) Ffff-fuck.. (My dick!) My nuts.. My attitude is worse than NWA's was I'll battle you over stupid shit and diss people  who ain't have shit to do with it, like Cool J does (My tattoo!) You see me standin outside of your buildin; screamin,  "Puffy is good, (HEY!) but Slim Shady is for the children!" (WAIT!) I look at my life in a new light -- fuck it Give me two mics; I write songs for me -- fuck what you like You're probably hear me rap half-hearted; cause I don't like rap anyway I'm just tryin to get my porno career started Every place and event.. +Been There, Done That+ Shit, Dre stuck me in a suitcase when he went  (* zipper sound *) "Come on, let's go!" Want a deal? Study these 5 chapters Lesson One: Throw demos as hard as you can at signed rappers Lesson Two: Face em and diss em (whattup dog?) Don't give em a demo; kidnap em (I want you to come with me) and make em come to your basement and listen  (you're gonna fuckin check this out) Lesson Three: Get a job at a label; switch demos with Canibus  and put yours on the owner's table (here listen!) Lesson Four: 'Know you heard this before' "Hey let me get your number; I'll call you tomorrow, for sure!" Don't act like a fan -- you wanna get signed? Get the whitest A&R you can find Pull him aside and rap as wack as you can Lesson Five: Get a hook-up at Jive Dress up like I.C.P. and have them come see you perform live And that's the key, but when you see me on the street; I ain't  givin you shit bitch - don't even bother askin me (get away from me) Toilet water splashes me right in the ass when I'm spittin cause I'm always shittin when I'm rappin like Master P (UNNNGGGGH!) Got a blowjob from Paula Jones, and stuffed it so far in her mouth my balls broke both of her collarbones (OWW!) Told Mya this shit was all about me-ah ("It's all about me..") Gave Alyssa Milano syphillis, mono and gonorrhea ("You're a dick!") And all three of my main girls said SEE-YA Cause Brandy and Monica walked in and caught me fuckin Aaliyah (What? Oh my God!) I splish splash while I'm takin a bath Grab a handful of pills, break em in half, take em and laugh White trash -- fuckin your wife in the ass ("Oh! Ooh Shady! Oooh!") While you're out siphoning gas for your lawnmower to cut the grass So if I hurt your self-esteem  and you get dissed too bad [Yo why you diss me?] You know I just be sayin that to get you mad And when I rap about a buncha shit you wished you had [A big dick!] You know I just be sayin that to get you mad "I can't listen to that song, that shit's too sad!" You know I just be sayin that to get you mad "He'll never make it, his wrist is slit too bad!" [Nurse! Nurse!] You know I just be sayin that to get you mad What a wonderful day; I should go outside and play Ain't no need to sit inside the house and hibernate Hi Renee! (Oh hi!) I was just about to toss a live grenade in your driveway (WHAT?) and drive away (* car peels out *) Are you afraid of a blade made of a razor with AIDS Blood drippin from it, rippin your stomach like a paper mache You talk a lotta shit, but you was never ill though I'm sick enough to beat you to death with a feather pillow Tipped over some cows, just for a joke and a laugh (MOOOOO!) Jumped up, choked a giraffe, snapped his neck and broke it in half Wagin wars, went on stage and sprayed Cage with +Agent Orange+ And wiped my ass with his page in Source (Here!) The demon is here, steamin this year I rip [*Mystikal's*] voicebox out, scream in his ear (AHHHHHH!) It's not a gimmick bitch, it's an image I live it Give a fuck? I don't know what a fuck is to give it "Yeah I don't think this guy is well.." I'm high as hell I'll beat you with a live cat when I'm swinging him by his tail [* impersonating Method Man *] I'll fuckin, I'll fuckin Lay your nuts on the dresser Just your nutsack by itself And bang them shits with a spiked bat Cut your neck off and sew your head right back And leave you like that You just triggered the prick who just mixed liquor Who's itchin to leave you disfigured and stiffer than Chris-topher Reeves, I was teething with strep throat  while your mother was breastfeeding And gave her the flesh-eating disease I'm iller than takin a hammer and beatin your knees and walkin through South Central L.A., bleedin in jeans (Am I a Blood or a Crip?) Wakin up the next day in breathin machines Flashin back to being shot and repeatin the scenes on how you just got smoked, and if you do live You'll be too scared to tell it, like a Biggie and 'Pac joke So if I hurt your self-esteem and you get dissed too bad You know I just be sayin that to get you mad And when I rap about a fat bitch that you wished you had You know I just be sayin that to get you mad "I can't listen to that song, that shit's too sad" You know I just be sayin that to get you mad "He'll never make it, his wrist is slit too bad" You know I just be sayin that to get you mad I know that makes you real mad, don't it? (uh-huh) That's right, Slim Shady (yup) Sway & Tech Sprayin wreck (bitch) And we don't give a heck (uh-uh) or a damn.. or a fuck.. or a shit So suck my motherfuckin dick The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tech N9ne ft/ D-12 Album: Absolute Power Song: She Devil Typed by: abz1986@yahoo.com * * send correction to the typist [Girl] I want you to take this [N9ne] What is it [Girl] Something that'll make ya feel real good [N9ne] Aww damn girl, give it here [Tech N9ne] Often they blow your top watch when they hold your jock Shocked when they're not sold Crouch and you lost composer Soft for the hoes you're not stocked for the row You walk for the hot shot wana cop and do lots of doser She devil her greed level is hella high Speed rebel exceed pedals with a devil's eye They call girl and strip and all borough and trip In y'all world and dip and all thorough and hip Hustlers they sluts and drug smugglers Money they double up throw that stuff up and bubble up Best believe when I get you I'm bout to strap it down Cuz when I'm tired I'm a tippied tired when ya cap it down I gots to have it now Tech N9ne its a habit got to stab it I'm a savage hound She devils are incredible out for thy dough When the ??? is grille, X and tapes of Tae-Bo, yo [Chorus: Bizarre] (Send me I warn you) She Devils in the house lemme here ya (Heeyyy) Off top I gots to get near ya [Bizarre] Today my wife left, I don't give a fuck Bitch thats why I'm paying you 150 bucks (how much for me and my man?) to suck, me and Kuniva, let this diabetic dick touch your saliva I think I'm gone and crazy, 14 to 48 Ever since we've fucked I've been coughing and loosing weight Skank ho, trying to creep Bitch pick up your son he been at school for a week (mommy!) You fucking freak trying to get the best of me Kidnap your ass leave you lost like Kelly without Destiny You skank trick, you suck dick Jason Williams (what up) Shoot this dirty bitch [Kuniva] This devilist bitch is so succulent Taking a piece of my soul every time that I bust a nutt she's like a succubus A nymphomanic laying me back on the filthy mattress cum stains on it smelling like catfish Still I hit it, yeah I did it Her pussy travels she doesn't have a pivot I remember when she was timid Your scandalous ass taking a pass this cash Got him on tape suckin your tit snortin and passing hash I still had to grab that ass Had to laugh at stories about your ragged ass maxi pads You silly bitch, she used to be a nerdy bitch Now she's in the backyard fucking 30 kids [Kon Artis] Now besides being on X, and regardless me loving sex We getting close to you lex, its grindin every kick Fingers up your pussy, your hands rubbing my dick As soon as my wife push me Your man's fucking her trick You don't care if she know I trip But she's starting to get ??? to it Cuz She's finding matches in my pockets that say I strip Which means I might get caught loose everything that I've brought The house the kids and the car I know this sounds bizarre but we should give her a call and see if she want in That way its 3 way sex and we can all be friends I know you done if before don't act like you haven't whore! I'm about to loose my wife I can't afford a divorce! [Chorus x2] [Swift] Fucking with your pussy is a handful (for real) You think I'm drowning but I'm clowing so basically bitch you a damn fool And thats a given fact plus I remember back when you was young I could see 100 niggaz through your gap And all of them was probably hitting that, thats embarrassing You stuck with 30 children, 70 miscarrages In and out of buildings, ain't carin' who it is Fucking newly weds, didn't mean to do it but you did [Proof] Devil is she, she never to be (faithful) Credit to free its better that she (tranquil) Even her apple my cock unlock the keys to your asshole Stop the plot through the freeze with my cash flow Cock the glock at them ??? in the castle Fresh out of school with a disease in the tassel Skis in the satchel You just my (ho) thats the reason you stack dough [Chorus x2] [N9ne] Shit this feels good baby whatchu say this was again? [Girl] Don't worry about it, just relax [N9ne] oooooooo... here, let me lick on this [Girl] Its gonna cost you [N9ne] I got all of it baby [Girl] Well that's exactly what I need [Girl] All of it (*repeat "all of it" until fade*) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Fat Joe f/ Eminem, Lil Jon, Ma$e Album: All or Nothing Song: Lean Back (Remix) Typed by: Buffmonkey50@hotmail.com * * send corrections to the typist [Lil Jon] Stop! I'ts the mother fucking remix [Mase] Uh yea Harlem in tact Who in the world wanna problem with that? For real I heard Harlem is back Who in the world wanna problem with that? Uh yea Harlem is back Who in the world wanna problem with that? You know I heard Harlem is back Who in the world wanna problem with that? [Lil Jon] Let's Go! [Chorus: Fat Joe] Said my niggaz don't dance we just pull up our pants And do the rockaway, now lean back, lean back, lean back, lean back Come on I said my niggaz don't dance we just pull up our pants And do the rockaway, now lean back, lean back, lean back, lean back Come on [Ma$e] Yo yo yo yo its deja vu And the day ya'll do It'll be the day ya'll bleed Wrist minus 80 degrees King of Harlem ain't nobody made me leave Who else could take 5 years off Cold turkey come back and fly lears off Cats front leave them leaning like Smirnoff If haters wanna hate then its their loss Come up in the Rucker with all my Jake's on Car grills so big you can cook a steak on People hear Ma$e call em' wanna get their mase on You hot 16 I'm a very great song Been beating on the DJ before the Ma$e song You play Clake Kent you better have your cake on Plenty homes Mansion many rooms My necklace, 2 ex's and 3 Bentley bulls now lean back [Chorus: Fat Joe] Said my niggaz don't dance we just pull up our pants And do the rockaway, now lean back, lean back, lean back, lean back I said my niggaz don't dance we just pull up our pants And do the rockaway, now lean back, lean back, lean back, lean back (Come on!) [Eminem] You don't want no problems with Harlem You don't want no problems with the boogie down Bronkster You don't want no drama with the blond bomber Original don dotta of the blond bottle The model from white America Then Joe the spokesperson for the Latino Then we got Ma$e back to represent everything else in between including the percentages of the press we don't The best from each coast The midwest to the dirty dirty Even further to Miami All the way back to Californ-i-a It would probably be best right now if I warned Dre to get on the horn and tell him about the storm coming all our way So tell him pack grab a gat right now get on the floor I'll wait Shake that ass a little more my way But baby I don't dance not that I can't there's a pistol in my pants [Chorus: Fat Joe] Said my niggaz don't dance we just pull up our pants And do the rockaway, now lean back, lean back, lean back, lean back I said my niggaz don't dance we just pull up our pants And do the rockaway, now lean back, lean back, lean back, lean back (Come on!) [Fat Joe] No Judas or cowardice that Caine's brother Abel is able to stop me Nigga not me Got the streets asking damn who can top P Summer jam killed it man they did it all with 1 beat I guess I'm bicoastal now Took a down south brother to bring your boy out As the wheel keeps spinning I can hear Niggars thinking Crack got one hit then he out No Joey bring them semi's out Force you and yours to pour a little Henny out So much rappers acting in the game I had to tell them put the mic away and run and get your Emmy's out Lean back mother fucker This here's a three peat we back at the Rucker It's good coke crack preach it to your brother The mic more rap and preach you mother fucker [Chorus: Fat Joe] Said my niggaz don't dance we just pull up our pants And do the rockaway, now lean back, lean back, lean back, lean back I said my niggaz don't dance we just pull up our pants And do the rockaway, now lean back, lean back, lean back, lean back (Come on!) [Lil Jon] Said my niggaz don't dance we just pull out a gat And say blow your block away, fuck nigga lean back, lean back, lean back lean back I Said my niggaz don't dance we just pull out a gat And say blow your block away, bitch nigga lean back, lean back, lean back lean back Hey Artist: Thirstin Howl III f/ Eminem Album: Skilligan's Island Song: Watch Deez Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Thirstin Howl III] I hit harder, than Foreman, landing both gloves to a low blow, with no cup Leave you +Speech+-less like when Arrested Development broke up Carry a crowbar for egos that won't budge Crack skulls, through helmets, with the penetration, of a screw, nailed in Return like I was sending self-addressed postage Throw bricks, the size of the Stonehenge Before battles, we pour blood and toast death to wicked infants, found on the sorceress' doorsteps Slaughter lamb, and boar's head Every MC's cause of boredness and mind bondage Bronchitis, lung failure, language unfamil-iar Art through a flooded airbrush Rogue leaf craft, sentences joined with words holding hands It's a tight squeeze, from where your head will be landing In exact time, flight leaves (*scratched: "Watch dis!"*) (*scratched: "Watch dis!"*) ... (*scratched: "Watch dis!"*) (*scratched: "Don't watch dat, watch dis!"*) [Eminem] Who's arm is this? (Huh?) I must have cut it off at the pharmacist that refused to renew my 7th presciption of Darvocet (sorry!) I'm the old man who lives upstairs and starves his pets That never leaves his house, cause he thinks his car's possessed I hate my life, that's why I degrade my wife Srabbed a paper plate to make a sandwich, and just ate the knife My mother's screamin, "Please heal him, take him straight to Christ!" Meet you on the street and slap you just to break the ice (whattup?) I made a bomb threat with a fake device Strip you naked twice, pistolwhip you and force you to take advice And if you catch me bobbin my head to some bullshit you was spittin I was probably just tryin to shake the lice (brrrrrrr!) Bugs fallin out of my head, I'm wishin I was dead While I'm crawlin out of my bed, piss and vomit red And my rash is returning, I feel the sensation of burning Occurin usually during painful release of my urine Screamin at my shadow, "Please quit followin me!!" These pills keep screamin, "Please quit swallowin me!!" The devil keeps screamin, "Please get down on one knee" I took the drugs before the cops ever found 'em on me The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: T.I. f/ Eminem Album: No Mercy Song: That's All She Wrote Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Chorus One: T.I.] Now I don't really care what you call me Just as long as you don't call me rude I bet they knew as soon as they saw me Good night it's over with, that's all she wrote The streets like cold Chicago Ain't nothin new, I seen it all befo' But still I ball like no tomorrow Good night it's over with, that's all she wrote [Interlude: T.I.] All she wrote, all she wrote I said it's over with, that's all she wrote All she wrote, all she wrote Good night it's over with, that's all she wrote [T.I.] Yeah, ay It's stupid how I go in knowin everybody knowin that I'm sewin up the game, destroyin life, they hate me for it Eventually see they can't beat then with me they join Others sworn under oath or banished left completely scorn You tell lies, get cut, nigga kick rocks You never did blend in with the big shots On a fast track, ain't no need for no pit stop I just laugh at, nigga wishin they was this hot Guess they mad at me, huh? Really pissed off Better that than pissed on; I'm the Jetsons you the Flintstones Catch me in the end zone, high-steppin primetime Thought you niggaz been known, ain't no blockin my shine Like my new Air Yeezy's you can see me in the nighttime I get rich off livin life, you check-to-check recitin rhymes So call me what you want, wanna hate? Have a nice time While I get stupid paper, hey my dough ain't in its right mind, mind, mind [Chorus One] [Eminem] You're starin straight into a barrel of hate, terrible fate Not even a slim chance to make a narrow escape Cupid shot his arrow and missed, wait, Sarah you're late Your train left, mascara and egg smear on your face Night's over, goodbye hoe, I thought that I told ya that spilled nut ain't nothin to cry over Never shoulda came within +Range+ of my Rover Should known I was trouble soon as I rolled up Any chick who's dumb enough after I blindfold her She still come back to the crib, must want me to mess with her mind, hold up She mistook me for some high roller when I won't even buy her soda Unless it's Rock & Rye cola (Satan's cheaper) Buy you a bag of Fritos? I wouldn't let you eat the fuckin chip on my shoulder! If you was bleach and I was hair I wouldn't dye/die for ya Tryin to pull five bucks from me is like tryin to pull five molars You get your eyes swole up, I'm on my straight grizzly So why would I buy you a gay ass teddy bear bitch? You're already bi-polar! [Chorus Two: Eminem] Now I don't really care what you call me You can even call me cold These bitches know soon as they saw me It's never me they'll get the privilege to know I roll like a desperado I don't ever know where I'm finna go Still I ball like there's no tomorrow Until it's over and that's all she wrote [T.I.] The credit rollin, curtain closin, movie over with (that's it) But don't get mad at me, go blame the chick who wrote this shit Your life is sure a bitch, but she know I'm rich (I'm rich) That's why she give me what I want and I just throw her dick Here I go again, I kick this shit, dividend got it pourin in Peso, euro, yen - ah-ha I'm paid, never gon' be broke again See me posted in, anythang, wearin any chain Never gon' see me totin anythang, all you gon' see is BANG! It's so nice where I kick it, hate you never get to visit Yeah I'm on another level but you niggaz still can get it It's all over 'fore you finished, sorry bro this where we end it Won't give you the satisfaction of me giving you the business [Eminem] Yeah I guess life is a bitch, ain't it Tip? And each one thinks they the shit Shirt off my back? I wouldn't give you the dirt off my hankerchief I'm givin these hoes a dose of they own medicine, let 'em get a good taste of it I'm sure you got that relationship memo by now but in case you didn't This shit's so bad better stick your nose to your forehead and staple it Life is too short and I got no time to sit around just wastin it So I pace this shit a little bit quicker, that clock I'm racin it; double timin it but I still spit triple the amount of insults in a tenth of the time that it may take you pricks to catch on, while you strong-arm like Stretch Armstrong Man I still say K-Mart's like there's an apostrophe-S on it dawg And they say McDonald's isn't a restaurant, well I guess I'm wrong But if you're gonna tell me that A&W ain't the spot for the best hot dogs you can get the F on dawg [T.I.] Ha ha ha, and on my throne I remain, all alone in my lane I'm as strong as they came, they were gone 'fore they came Now I don't wanna hang, I slap five with them rap guys They just wanna sabotage my hustle shawty that's why, why, why [Chorus Three: Eminem] + (T.I.) Now I don't really care what you call me You can even call me cold (I bet they knew as soon as they saw me) (Good night it's over with, that's all she wrote) I roll like a desperado And I don't ever know where I'm gonna go (But still I ball like there's no tomorrow) (Good night it's over with, that's all she wrote) [Interlude] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: T.I. f/ Eminem Album: That's All She Wrote 12" Song: That's All She Wrote (Original Version) Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Chorus One: T.I.] Now I don't really care what you call me Just as long as you don't call me rude I bet they knew as soon as they saw me Good night it's over with, that's all she wrote The streets like cold Chicago Ain't nothin new, I seen it all befo' But still I ball like no tomorrow Good night it's over with, that's all she wrote [Interlude: T.I.] All she wrote, all she wrote I said it's over with, that's all she wrote All she wrote, all she wrote Good night it's over with, that's all she wrote [T.I.] Yeah, ay It's stupid how I go in knowin everybody knowin that I'm sewin up the game, destroyin life, they hate me for it Eventually see they can't beat then with me they join Others sworn under oath or banished left completely scorn You tell lies, get cut, nigga kick rocks You never did blend in with the big shots On a fast track, ain't no need for no pit stop I just laugh at, nigga wishin they was this hot Guess they mad at me, huh? Really pissed off Better that than pissed on; I'm the Jetsons you the Flintstones Catch me in the end zone, high-steppin primetime Thought you niggaz been known, ain't no blockin my shine Like my new Air Yeezy's you can see me in the nighttime I get rich off livin life, you check-to-check recitin rhymes So call me what you want, wanna hate? Have a nice time While I get stupid paper, hey my dough ain't in its right mind, mind, mind [Chorus One] [Eminem] Man Tip told me on this hoe tip, best tip I can give you  to hip you is never to let these tricks trick you Mighty ambiguous of you to think I love you slut, shit Dig a hole, take this shovel and dig you some dignity bitch Shit you talk about some advice that sticks with you If I should listen to anyone tell me to stick to my guns like double stick, it's you But fuck it Tip, it's cool - I'm chillin like a villain like The Penguin in his fuckin igloo eatin fudgescicles I'd rather slip and fall in shit than fall in love wit'chu 'Fore I tie a fuckin knot I'd tie you in one, bitch you think this is some Nintendo game, how fuckin dumb is you? I'll give you some lumps, 'fore I split some lump sums wit'chu So here's a penny for your thoughts but it won't buy you a cheeseburger But a nickel might just get you one pickle Fuck it it's official so blow the whistle I got a trust issue, there's a bombshell, SCUD missile Like I just cuss at you to fuckin cuss at you Like before I rapped I was a motherfuckin stud, slut this'll teach you not to come drunk stumblin my way, for shizzle I still live like I bought you the Gilbert slots check stub bizzle So fuck Sizzlers, these checkers'll bust like a BLOOD blister! [Chorus Two: Eminem] Now I don't really care what you call me You can even call me cold These bitches know soon as they saw me It's never me they'll get the privilege to know I roll like a desperado I don't ever know where I'm finna go Still I ball like there's no tomorrow Until it's over and that's all she wrote [T.I.] The credit rollin, curtain closin, movie over with (that's it) But don't get mad at me, go blame the chick who wrote this shit Your life is sure a bitch, but she know I'm rich (I'm rich) That's why she give me what I want and I just throw her dick Here I go again, I kick this shit, dividend got it pourin in Peso, euro, yen - ah-ha I'm paid, never gon' be broke again See me posted in, anythang, wearin any chain Never gon' see me totin anythang, all you gon' see is BANG! It's so nice where I kick it, hate you never get to visit Yeah I'm on another level but you niggaz still can get it It's all over 'fore you finished, sorry bro this where we end it Won't give you the satisfaction of me giving you the business [Eminem] Yeah I guess life is a bitch, ain't it Tip? And each one thinks they the shit Shirt off my back? I wouldn't give you the dirt off my hankerchief I'm givin these hoes a dose of they own medicine, let 'em get a good taste of it I'm sure you got that relationship memo by now but in case you didn't This shit's so bad better stick your nose to your forehead and staple it Life is too short and I got no time to sit around just wastin it So I pace this shit a little bit quicker, that clock I'm racin it; double timin it but I still spit triple the amount of insults in a tenth of the time that it may take you pricks to catch on, while you strong-arm like Stretch Armstrong Man I still say K-Mart's like there's an apostrophe-S on it dawg And they say McDonald's isn't a restaurant, well I guess I'm wrong But if you're gonna tell me that A&W ain't the spot for the best hot dogs you can get the F on dawg [Chorus Three: Eminem] + (T.I.) Now I don't really care what you call me You can even call me cold (I bet they knew as soon as they saw me) (Good night it's over with, that's all she wrote) I roll like a desperado And I don't ever know where I'm gonna go (But still I ball like there's no tomorrow) (Good night it's over with, that's all she wrote) [Interlude] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: T.I. f/ Eminem Album: T.I. vs. T.I.P. Song: Touchdown Typed by: bomberfromdabean@aim.com [E] When we touch down [Chorus: E = Eminem; T = T.I.] [T] In the midwest we okay E'rybody know them southern boys love that bass [E] Atlanta go bananas, Alabama, 'weesiana Mississippi, Ten-a-keys, every mufuckin state, when we touch down [T] Go right from the plane to the rave [E] When we touch down [T] On a private plane getting brains, till we [E] Touch down, there ain't no way to keep em quiet With T.I. and Shady baby, we bout to incite a riot When we touch down [1st verse: T.I.] When we get in town, you know how we getting down Pull up clean, then hop on out, snatch all the freaks then walk on out I'm living what they talking bout, shining if it dark or not That one hundred E-X-double R, you'll find that in the parking lot You barking up the wrong tree, I do this shit for zone three Four, five and six as well as one, Atlanta I'm forever son Still be on whatever coke, ridin' blowing heavy smoke Ay Em you better tell them folk won't hesitate to let 'em go They know I put that green light on them haters Keep on trying me I put that beam right on ya tater (pow) Now you don't wanna see T.I.P. outrageous Try to keep him in a cage but somehow he keep escaping That's why I be on vacation, Virgin Island I be taking Private planes out to Spain, I keep on flying I ain't faking The money ain't a thang, think I'm lying, you're mistaken You can find long lines of all kinds of bitches waiting when we touch down [2nd verse: Eminem] Welcome to the Midwest, yes Where them Detroit playas ball like you have no idea The boy is here, got the whole place looking like it's candy painted Ain't it like we left the kids at home and just let em loose with the crayons Fuck, I just hit a jogger, people looking like Frogger They hopping out of the way whenever they see Marshall's car coming The kids painted my windows with black permanent marker And let the rest of the car carpet color like swirl pops And I got the bass thumping but I'm bound to bump into something Kids are flying through the air looking like they krumping The way they tumbling, I gotta do something But as soon as I hit the car wash to get the tar off They just right back at it tommorrow They're like, "Dad this is in, so you're with the trends" "This is for the pimps, listening to mens, nail polish on the rims" And now it's custom chrome, but I gotta go do a show So go on with ya bad self, just have it back to normal when I touch down [3rd verse: T.I.] From my arrival, un-til my departure Gurantee I put this d-i-c-k in somebody's daughter Ay, I still have my way with the ladies way cross the water Flew to Paris from Haiti, did some shit that I thought of It's erotic that the shit that we popping makes us psychotic Threaten corporate America, that's why they running from me How could they be so ignorant? Look what hip-hop done brung us It's allowed us to run a business, legitimated our moneys Got us out of the ghettos and relocated our mommies I made it all the way here ain't no way you taking it from me So excuse me Oprah honey, I'm sorry, really I promise But niggas, bitches and hoes do exist, I'm just being honest For that am I being punished? Why is you so astonished? Now I ain't got a degree, just intelligence in abundance So you ain't gotta like me, I know billions of folks who love me You can tell how they yelling and screaming and waiting for me when I touch down The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tony Touch f/ Eminem Album: Power Cypha 3: The Grand Finale Song: Eminem Freestyle Typed by: Nature2QBC@aol.com *send corrections directly to typist* [Eminem] If I'm elected for ten terms I'm renewing the staff after the inagural And hiring all girls as interns If I don't like you, I'll snatch you outta your mic booth While you're rappin and pull your right through the window and fight you I'll take you straight to the pavement Uppercut you, and scrape your face wit a bracelet Like a razor that shaved it Three drinks and I'm ready to flash Runnin on stage in a G-string, wit a bee sting on my ass (Look!) It's probably all cuz I ain't awkward at all I just like to walk through the mall, stop, and talk to the wall And have a relapse after I just fought through withdrawl (Hop in the car little girl, I just bought you a doll) The Bad and Evil movement is comin Plus the music is pumpin like a pill freak wit a tube in his stomach I write a rhyme a day So it's no wonder how come your whole album  Is soundin like a bunch of shit that I would say Whether it's one verse or one letter I'll probably be the cleverest one that never gets spun ever It's Slim Shady and Tony Touch, it's only us The rest of y'all are just stuck in the middle wit Monie Love The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tony Touch f/ Dirty Dozen, Eminem Album: The Piece Maker Song: Get Back Typed by: Nature2QBC@aol.com [Eminem] Get back, get back You better get back, get back, back You better get back, get back You better get back, get back back *repeat both lines 3x* You better... [Proof] Doin a box of doctrine, on stompin oxygen ? ? wit fork to your optic lens Hittin wit a sudden force Leave your boy layin in the same puddle of blood as yours When I flood his porch Smuugle a gun in court and shoot the judge Easily reduce a thug to a future scrub A double-deuce wit slugs, I'm Proof on drugs We'll turn you to a rapper that we used to love How you on medicine cabinet pills Grabbin the steel, leapin over buildings that haven't been built I'm not the best yet cuz I haven't been killed I'm laughin at you faggot-ass rappin for deals, you better [Eminem] Get back, get back You better get back, get back back You better get back, get back You better get back, get back back You better get back, get back You better get back, get back back You better get back, get back You better get back, get back back You better... I'm disappointed in my dentist appointment He only gave me the fuckin gas for thirty minutes this mornin Went to the hospital to get a chest X-ray Checked out the next day in a dress wit a sex change I'm havin a bad day My fuckin dad's gay, I hate fags, and I'm fuckin mad cuz I don't have AIDS All I want to do is die I tried suicide six times and couldn't even do it right Collapsed, had a relapse and called three cabs And had to be dragged back to rehab wit bloody kneecaps Enrolled myself in a twelve-step program Tripped on the first step and got pinned down in a chokeslam I swear to God, this 'Pac poster comes any closer  I'm kickin this whole fuckin wall over Two more shots and it's all over I'm all over this wall, tryin not to fall over [Bizarre] BLOAW BLOAW! Shots in broad day (BIZARRE, THAT'S YOUR MOM!) The bitch shouldn't have been in the way Me, Shady and Mike fuckin a hemaphrodite My little sister was a virgin till late last night High off a kite off of stick of sherm Put your mother in a full-nelson while my boys take turns A unibomber tryin to escape this country Tell O.J. he better be comin up wit my money Bizarre goes commerical? Nigga, you can forget it B-- suck my *dick* that is the radio edit I'm quick to smack the shit out of a foe I ain't had pussy in a while, I'm too busy fuckin assholes Battle me, you better go eat your vegetables I'm iller than a Muslim eatin a pork hotdog in African festival This shit is serious, watch me sniff 'cane Avoid the pain and fuck a bitch barely potty-trained [Eminem] Get back, get back You better get back, get back back You better get back, get back You better get back, get back back *repeat both lines 5x* You better get the FUCK back "Get back" *cut up and repeated* The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tony Touch f/ Eminem Album: The Piece Maker 3: Return of the 50 MC's Song: Symphony in H Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  {"Tony Touch"} [Eminem] Yeah, y-y-yeah, y-y-y-yeah, yeah Don't ask me what's up with the hoes, I'm still workin the kinks out Love stinks, that explains all this anger that's spillin out And I ain't chillin out Got an Oscar but I'm still a +Grouch+ I use it as a doorstop and a prop for the broken leg for the couch Yelawolf, Shady, Tony, Touch, Slaughterhouse Yeah the SWAT team 'bout to break them flyswatters out Go to hell in a drought, break ice waters out Nice try shorty wop, we can window shop, the jewelry store But Christ for that price could've bought a house Besides, only thing I ever had iced out is my heart since I started out! It's F.Y.I. if ya ain't knowin What? Go with you where? Nah, ain't goin Oh wait, you want a date, oh well In that case hoe it's June 8th, OH and Kinda like Beethoven composin a symphony of hate, so much hate woven into these raps, he stitches a bitch, straight sewin Shit I'm beginnin to hate clothing I hate overalls cause they remind me of hoes For Christ's sake, they're shaped like an H, whoa And, you know what else starts with H though? Hockey, shit, thought I had the place flowin I hate to put you on ice But you already had three periods in 60 minutes, great goin Plus you remind me of cocaine, hoe You always in the mirror with your face so I feel an urge to put you all in a line and chop you with a razor blade yo - wait, I'm an a-hole Devil with a halo Hell yeah I'd nail J-Lo, to the railroad~! Say I won't! Better hope you can stay afloat when I take the wind out your sailboat But, I ain't playin yo Dope as Shady? Don't kid yourself, bitch you ain't even a baby goat The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tony Yayo f/ Eminem, Obie Trice Album: Thoughts of a Predicate Felon Song: Drama Setter Typed by: BootleggSI@yahoo.com [Intro] [Block Guard] Mr. Yayo. You're free to go So I guess this means I'll see you tomorrow, eh? (Block guard laughs)(Eminem laughs) [Eminem] Yeah! Haha. Guess who's home?! Tony Yayo! Yeah! Obie Trice c'mon! [Tony Yayo] Here we go now! [Chorus - Eminem] I'm a drama setter, grippin my berretta Sippin Armeretta, man you crazy If you think I'ma let up I told you I'm a drama setter I'll be the first to set it, homie You can bet it, just don't get in the way Of my cheddar, man cause I'm a drama setter I don't go looking for no trouble But somehow the trouble always finds me Don't make me have you in the trauma center With your momma crying cause her only son is dying She don't know it's just your karma catchin up Cause I'm a drama setter [Tony Yayo] Told you man, I'm Riker's Island Pokemon I got COs bringing me filet mignon But now a nigga home lookin frail in the drop (what up) With a bitch shotgun that's inhaling the cock I got rocks on my neck the size of bottle tops And got glocks in the Lex so we ride behind cops (break it down now) Broke days, we used to put water in our cereal Now we're crossing borders just to shoot another video It's Tony Montana on full body armor Soning niggaz like Alfredo in The Godfather Two shot revolver, that Dillinger shit And the AR-15 bending your Six We taking trips to Morocco just to tan We smoke weed in restaurants in Amsterdam I was worth a hundred grams, now I'm worth a cool million I'll put money on your hairline, your dime and your children [Obie Trice] Since Yayo is home, them A-Rs is drawn Obie's Gorilla-Unit, fuck affiliation We are one, it is senseless for you to prevent this The 40 cal'll put you up under some photosynthesis At any given instant (gunshot) another incident You just got a glimpse of Obie and Yay's temperment And we holding them Ks, that's why homie won't age Isn't it that Tony's enraged, they thow him in cages But now my nigga's loose, our crews is bulletproof All brought to you from whom's pupils' baby blues His short fuses put your portrait on the news Nigga, them screws is loose when you fuckin with them Shady dudes [Tony Yayo] I got fat while I was gone, but now I'm here And yall rappers only bust shots only in fear Chinchillas on my back, itchy fingers on the Mac Get scrilla off of crack, get 50's shooter back Listen homie, don't let them niggaz amp you money Cause I got niggaz in Queens that kill for Pamper money Move like kaiser, Jayson Williams slaughter the driver My daughter Maniyah, know that the kid spit fire Reality rap, nigga check my salary cap I give guns to my soldiers with a battery pack What you know about light planes and heavy coke And them drugs being smuggled on them fast speed boats It's the rap tycoon, Tony yall all know me See me on MTV, I'm a parolee I was out for twelve hours and went right back in For three hots and one cot doing time in the pen [Outro] [Tony Yayo] Yeah, nigga! Thank you Marshall [Eminem] Haha, no problem [Tony Yayo] We don't stop! [Eminem] Nah! [Tony Yayo] Save the best for the last. Talk of New York - Thoughts of a Predicate Felon, baby [Eminem] Yeah, man [Tony Yayo] Blue Hefner, Lloyd Banks, you know. Buck Marley, Young Buck, Curtis 'Interscope' Jackson [Eminem] 'Shady-Aftermath' Mathers. Ooh! [Tony Yayo] Olivia [Eminem] O. Trice, Stat Quo [Tony Yayo] We gonna keep getting this money, yall rappers gonna keep hatin [Eminem & Tony Yayo] Fuck yall! (Haha) [Tony Yayo] Yall want problems? I'm built for this shit. Shady-Aftermath, G-Unit [Eminem & Tony Yayo] We run this rap shit! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Trick-Trick f/ Eminem, Proof Album: The People Vs. Song: No More to Say Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Intro: Trick-Trick] You know what the days of talkin is over It ain't too much mo' we can say to try to get these, different individuals Or motherfuckers as I like to call 'em To just, shut the fuck up Let's go [Trick-Trick] You witnessed the ass whoopin, bones got broke When the .50-cal blast, couldn't last through the smoke As you choke, pay attention, bear winess to this motherfucker twitchin You excited cause none of the bullets hit you, they missed you And we ain't trippin, wasn't after you But you PISSED, just like a bitch when niggaz laughed at you Now you agitated a little bit, actin just like a little bitch I figured that you would surface and knew you happened to manage to pop shit Sayin "Trick that, Trick this" When the balls that you had left when I popped him You shoulda died with him, body and soul coulda burned I'ma keep killin these bitches 'til everybody learn FUCK time, and it's time these fuckers just start dyin I ain't sayin this for sake of this rhyme, and I ain't LYIN I'm man enough to say it and mean it, niggaz can be gone I'ma do another verse but it ain't much more I can SPEAK on! [Chorus: Eminem] There's nothin more these words can say (can say) This hard-headed motherfucker just won't let it lay (let it lay) So say a prayer for this player cause he's goin to his grave (to his grave) So stand clear, bitches better get the fuck out my way (my way) [Proof] Let me show you how I started as a starvin artist This is Proof with the truth regardless of all this (for real) As my CEO and best friend of the essence of why nobody in Detroit wan' test him (huh?) Lesson learned, flesh get burned Tecs in turn, a scar harder than a press and burn Everlast the beef is over, you can sleep this over Clique been filled the streets with soldiers Includin me, I move and creep with uzi fleets that choose to lead, I'll put your dudes to sleep Who is he? (Trick!) Trick, no treat That street life, AK that still'll lift your feet (blaow!) The rest of these niggaz is comical, I'ma go abdominal Split like a domino, rhymin pro Shine without a diamond, go Geronimo to any man with balls Murder you bitches, still screamin "FUCK the law!" [Trick-Trick] Since talkin about it is considered as conversation then I'm more than HAPPY to be the sponsor of demonstrations From beatin these cases to bustin in faces and bustin these K's Niggaz gon' act like they don't wanna act right FUCK THAT! Had to begin settin the trend of organizin a mob, and bringin it to an end The levels of toleration'll cease, for givin passes That's why my reputation precedes for beatin asses Entertainers, they take it as a joke and they tend to provoke an up-and-comin undergrad; motherfuckers got me mad Fuck it, I'ma give it to 'em if you really gon' do 'em If this motherfucker even BLINKS, put a clip into him Don't even think of negotiatin a treaty The reason most of these niggaz is hatin is cause they greedy Uncovered another man's SHIT, now that's a real bitch Now the NEXT motherfucker gon' DIE, that's IT~! [Outro: Trick-Trick] Kill one of you bitches The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Trick Trick f/ Eminem Album: The People Vs. Song: Welcome 2 Detroit Typed by: kirsten_42069@yahoo.com [Eminem talking] Yeah yeah Tricky Let's show 'em some love Welcome to Detroit [Chorus - Eminem] Where's my gangstas and all my thugs Throw them hands up and show some love And I Welcome you to Detroit City I said Welcome to Detroit City Every place, everywhere we go Man we deep everywhere we roll Ask around and they all know Tricky That's what's good man they all say Tricky [Verse 1 - Eminem] Click click boom, just as soon as we hit the room You can hear 'em holla Goon Squad in this bitch Let me hear you holla Goon Squad in this bitch Let me hear you holla Runyon Ave. in this bitch So who am I gonna call on when I ain't got them boys with me And the situation gets a little sticky I'ma dial 911 like a motherfuckin' punk, fuck that, bla bla I'ma call that rude boy from Detroit, Trick Trick Quick come pick me up, bring them guns Come to the club, meet me out front There's some chump up in this bitch Poppin' some junk cause he's drunk And we may have to fuck his ass up Cause uh, somethin' smells a lil' fishy And I don't like the way his boys keep lookin' at me So homie come get me, Chedda boys what up though I see you Rock Bottom, yeah I see you, all my Detroit people Where you at man, let me see them hands in the sky Detroit motherfuckers 'till we die [Chorus - Eminem] Where's my gangstas and all my thugs Throw them hands up and show some love And I Welcome you to Detroit City I said Welcome to Detroit City Every place, everywhere we go Man we deep everywhere we roll Ask around and they all know Tricky That's what's good man they all say Tricky [Verse 2 - Trick Trick] Homie it's been a long time comin' and I'm straight with that Marshall done called me to 54 and laced the track This the beat, you hear it bangin', he produced it himself My bad, almost forgot to introduce myself My name is Trick Trick, head of the Goon Squad And gangsta been bangin' the underground since '95, we're bangin' Elected to be the villain and certified a menace Holdin' it down since I paroled up outta prison You heard about me, you just didn't know it was me All the treacherous, evil deeds of the D you never see Pickin' that kid up in the game, I just wasn't chasin' the fame I been chasin' the paper product and givin' lames the pain Accusations of violence you know you done heard of that A quarter of a million dollars for beatin' a murder rap And my boy holdin' me up, Shady done put it out Trick Trick and Eminem, Detroit back in the house [Chorus - Eminem] [Verse 3 - Trick Trick] Ayo Em, you ever need one of these weapons come get it From now on every beef that you get in, homie I'm in it I been ridin' for this city, whether wrong or right I been whippin' on motherfuckers for the longest time So it's evident, it's time for Trick to get it fast The public, see they appreciate my criminal past Authorities tried to stop me but they couldn't keep up Got a fan-base that's bigger then an average star I'm satisfied with it bein' my time to shine And I freak from the precinct for violent crimes I ain't sayin' the shit that I'm sayin' so girls can fear me Only speakin' on what I know so the world can hear me So peace to Jimmy and Dre for signin' my nigga He reached back to Detroit and grabbed a winner So the gangstas and thugs, we embrace with love And beat the hell outta anybody that fuck with us [Chorus - Eminem] [Outro] Yeah, Trick Trick Eminem, Wonder Boy, Shady It's goin' down baby Ayo Em, I got you back my nigga Damn right I said my nigga That's my nigga Tricky The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Trick Trick f/ Eminem Album: The Villain Song: Who Want It Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Intro: Trick Trick] Yeah! We back baby! I told y'all I was comin back Detroit! What? Bitch, it's Trick Trick, what? And motherfuckin Slim Shady (hahaha!) I got it back y'all, let's go! Get your motherfuckin hands up [Trick Trick] We been the killers with everything from chest wets to death threats The best yet, and niggaz gettin they neck checked Best check them protects Detroit ain't only known for the best threats so bet, we got next And hecks collect debt, and rest is Goon Sqwad We wreck your whole set, we rep the Midwest You reppin niggaz get wrong, speak on what's on ya songs We sendin 'em home with stones thrown and broken bones Better leave us the fuck alone, keep it runnin You niggaz can't even stomach what the D got comin We ain't into that frontin and poppin off at the chops boy We poppin off SHOTS and guaranteein a spot, at the top First place for niggaz get got You think you fuckin with Trick and Eminem? Well no you NOT! Motherfucker so next time you see us be sure that you make a hole And when they mention the D you get down on all fours! [Chorus 2X: Trick Trick] Got big killers with big guns - who want it? Come to my hood and get some - who want it? You wanna start shit in the club boy - who want it? Touched up - who want it? Fucked up - who want it? [Eminem] Ooh wow, look at the bitches up in this club Man I'm gettin me some digits 'fore I leave up out this mug And it's like boom pow, wham bam thank you ma'am I ain't kissin you on the lips but I'll be glad to shake your hand Now let's get blew out, let's start some shit tonight Just let me pick the chick that I'ma leave here with tonight 'fore we get to fightin  and threw out, this music makes me rowdy How they gonna play that new Trick Trick and expect no one to get their shit split? It's just too wild, and one more shot of Hpnotiq And I am not in control of my body, I go robotic and blow a fuse out, homies is like "He's startin to stagger" And I'm like naw that's just my swagger and I'm dancin with this fat girl and gettin loose now, I don't wanna fight, I feel like partyin 'til this idiot dumps his Bacardi on my cardi' and  knocks my screws out - it never fails I know I'm goin to jail, I might as well take the laces out my shoes now [Trick Trick] I hear 'em screamin "Goddamn it, there go that Eminem and them" It ain't no hittin him, they think that we just clicked up but he been with them It's Trick and them Goon Sqwad gangstas, you can't get to him We down for the bang and the brawl, but now we killin them See ever since we started you mighta had to pardon our hardest from the largest city, they sayin that we retarded And charges been brought us owners has stopped, some of they artists got dropped You think I'm playin then bring it, c'mon let's see what you got We make the club go bang, you got that light noise See ain't nobody fuckin with this nigga and this white boy that been through the ringers and the pros, treated they best like hoes We put the dogs on 'em and make 'em beat 'em outta they clothes And we don't give a fuck about nothin you used to do Yo' record is equivalent to "High School Musical" No blamin Jimmy Iovine, Paul or Dre Blame ME for everythang I say; cause I got 'em nigga [Outro: Trick Trick] No-damn-body (hell naw) Fuck around and cut one of you niggaz heads off The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Xzibit f/ Eminem Album: Restless Song: Don't Approach Me Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [X] Pssh, man I need a lighter man [E] Right here [X] Yeahhh.. whassup Slim? [E] What's crackin? [X] Hit this shit [E] Ssshhit I almost hit this motherfucker today [X] Psh, is that right? [E] What is it with motherfuckers thinkin that.. [E] {*SIGH*} because we're in the spotlight or whatever that.. [E] they can do or say whatever they want to us [E] and that we won't retaliate [X] Protect my motherfuckin self, by ANY [both] MEANS, NECESSARY [E] Right? [Chorus 2X: Eminem] Cause you don't know me, I don't know you So don't approach me, I won't approach you And don't insult me, I won't insult you Cause you don't know what I will or I won't do [Xzibit] Make no mistake, I'm the Golden State heavyweight Bein underrated gave me time to create it Can you relate? I renovate, straight out the gate Carried my weight, but seem to receive nothin but hate Millionaires snatchin crumbs off my little son plate Kidnapped, locked in a trunk, get shot in the face No hoes, no clothes, no one showin up for my shows You know how it goes; I might as well kick it at home But my baby momma hate my guts and can't stand me (yeah) Packed up, moved out, started a new family So all this strugglin for what, so I can blow up marry a slut but can't watch my seed grow up? FUCK THAT, this the fuckin thanks I get for tryin to edutain assholes and feed my bitch Yo I feel like my whole life is upside down (upside down) cause you seein more support than I'm seein my child It's like.. [Eminem] .. everyday I wake up, another drama It's a wonder I'm alive, survivin this karma If I can hold on to my private life for five minutes longer I might get my wife to let go of this knife and just calm her without these cameras in our faces like animals for your Channel 2 Action News to follow our ambulence up the avenue and catch a glimpse of all the suicide attempts and what we do in private since they won't let us put up a fence And you wonder why I carry every gun under the sun whether it's unloaded full or an un-registered one No bullet, you're so full of shit this clip is so full it'll spit if I don't pull it And don't give me no bullshit I'm not in the mood I just got in a feud in some parkin lot with a dude over Kim and she just slit both of her wrists over the shit Don't tell me bout the show business shit I know what this is, bitch [Xzibit] This ain't business, this is personal BITCH You don't know Xzibit from shit, new school, class dismissed I had a very FUCKED UP day, I'm needin this fit Shuttin motherfuckers up like they pleadin the 5th Yo Em it's time to get serious with it (yeah) Time for everybody to feel it, similar to the egg in the skillet This is your brain on drugs, Xzibit brain on thugs Ain't no neighborhood that's big enough to bang on us Ain't no love lost my niggaz, relax yo'self I'm about to snatch it all and start spreadin the wealth To my niggaz who never seen it I mean it when I holla at the top of my lungs about my guns and my loved ones Got, tons of ammo to crack your enamel Changin your channel, you played like a fuckin piano Ridin slow through Cali like I'm ridin a camel Millionaire motherfuckers with their brains in their flannels I feel like, Tony Soprano, who do I trust now? Just hit me on my tele' nigga soon as I touch down Spit lines to split spines just to get mine Big behind bitches gettin dick to spit shine Sniff lines of coke, that's the only shit that make you dope Bitch-ass nigga that's droppin the soap Get choked out and beat, put your head in a vise-grip and turn til you motherfuckers tell me the right shit [Eminem] So do I gotta buy a whole block to myself a front door with twelve locks and have a bodyguard walk me out to my mailbox and everytime somebody makes a threat, run and tell cops? Fuck that, I protect myself with these twelve shots and one in the chamber, gun in the waist and one in the ankle, waitin for someone to come to my place tryin to walk up and knock like these cocksuckers are not gonna get a shotgun or a glock shoved in their face? And it's a disgrace Hailey can't play with her toys in the front yard without you drivin by honkin your horn screamin some shit, leanin out your windows, beepin n shit Or pullin up in my drive like I won't leap in your whip And so these kids tell their friends and relatives where I live so my address ends up on the internet again So then, I do an interview with Spin, tellin them that if someone comes to my crib, I'ma shove a gun in their ribs And reporters, blow it out of proportion "Oh, now he's pullin guns on his fans  just for tryin to stand on his porch" And I'm the bad guy, cause I don't answer my door like "Hey hi! You guys wants some autographs? Okay, form a straight line!" Sometimes I feel like loadin this rifle and climbin the roof at night and hidin outside to snipe you It's not that I don't like you.. .. it's just that I'm not behind the mic I'm a person who's just like you The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Xzibit f/ Eminem, Nate Dogg Album: Man vs Machine Song: My Name Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Eminem] This ain't beef man I don't know what the fuck to call it But no beef Whattup X? I float like B.I.G.'s spirit in this bitch I'm ghostly Rush me, cause you ain't gonna live to roast me I'd have my motherfuckin ass kicked by Moby if I let some bitch in the Can like 'Bis cop over me to do war, and try to bring my crew back down I'll never stoop, to that level, to do that now I got a new cat, this time I'm pullin two gats out With bullets, I finally got somethin to shoot at now [Xzibit] Let's see who got they city on lock Let's see who got the better aim with the glock Let's see who come out on top Let's see who REALLY want they name in the streets Let's see who wanna die the same time as me and make ends meet Now was I, blessed with a gift, or cursed with a curse? I follow, hearse after hearse, with verse after verse And I'll be damned if I let Billy dance Dupri Or anybody swing an axe at my family tree, so now [Chorus: Nate Dogg] I love it when you niggaz be talkin, sayin my name Seems like your mouth is not connected to your brain Two-zero-zero-three, and shit, it ain't the same Better have a strap my nigga, simple and plain Put your nuts on the table, my nigga let's play the game Hurt you so long, you'll be a-ddicted to pain I don't wanna hear what you meant, do not explain Right before you lay in your coffin, hoe say my name [Xzibit] Why do you hate me? (Hate me) I came from nothin Blood sweat and tears, you did not create me How can you doubt me? (Doubt me) You don't know shit about me There'd be no West coast without me Cut with the bullshit (Bullshit) I struggle for survival And now you tryin to act like my rival? Watch what you say partner, it's a small earth Don't play games with your life nigga, it's not worth all the pain (all the pain) all the agony (all the agony) All the horror (all the horrow) all the tragedy (all the tragedy) Put your hands up people, it's time to fight now I beat holes in your chest, remain hostile Threaten my life? (C'mon!) One day you'll understand They say that pride is the sign of a foolish man So who the FUCK?! (Who the FUCK?!) you think you talkin to Live and direct in the flesh, I'm right in FRONT OF YOU! [Eminem] I never really smashed on Jermaine's ass, Dre smashed him Nobody ganged up 'til he came back and jacked him I never really brought it to his ass, I tapped him I coulda been like Treach, boom-bapped and slapped him purple, for mimickin him with two rappin Urkels I coulda snapped, took it past rap and hurt you But I didn't, I kept it on wax and served you I "Square Dance" cause I'm sick of rappin circles around these clowns, stready tryin to call me out It's like I'm listenin to motherfuckin dogs meow You'd probably do better tryin to come and stomp me out You don't want it with rap, this is what I'm all about - c'mon (I) No gangsta you ain't either (Will) But I know that I spit "Ether" (Not) I shit across your belly (Lose) Show you I'm not R. Kelly X, pass me the weed, I'ma put my ashes out on his ass For the last time man.. {*scratched* - "Watch your fuckin mouth"} [Eminem] For the last time man, I'm through The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Yelawolf f/ Eminem Album: Radioactive (Deluxe Edition) Song: In This World Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [singers] Mmmmmmmmmmm In this world! Ohhhhhhhhhhhh [Intro: Yelawolf] + (Eminem) Yeah, aight Marshall Uhh (so I think you need to tell 'em) Uhh, who am I? (And now you need to bring 'em into this world~!) [Chorus: Yelawolf] It's gettin hard to be me Everywhere I go somebody's lookin at me And if I ever need somethin I'ma get it for myself Cause I'm the only person thinkin 'bout me (in this world) It's gettin hard to be me Everywhere I go somebody's lookin at me And if you gon' compare me at all best compare me to myself Cause I'm the only person fuckin with me (in this world) [Yelawolf] In this world of sticks, hicks and chicks with Aqua Net spray Sh-sh-shhhh, shut up motherfucker don't disrespect these country ways Yeah, Alabama if y'ain't know I ain't hidin a damn thing, I just like to lean low Yeah I'm the theme show, stereotypical beanpole Slim, tall, tatted, let me add that I got a green glow from all the Mountain Dew that I consume From a mason jar, in a racin car, chase it with a tall ice brew Let me not leave you confused what I represent culturally Trash bag full of Freon, I'm huffin puffin on potpourri That gummo's squeaky, swingin gate in front of that trap house Trailer park is sewed up, and Billy done pulled that 'llac out (in this world) [Yelawolf] Wonder what I got inside this Chevrolet trunk, I'm hidin about ten bodies on a fishin line with, baby clothes on consignment Came to the game so broke that I still find $1 bills and get a thrill That's the kind of shit that leaves my pickle dill'd Side of a single wide got icicles still, too cold Got a kerosene heater to heat up the grill, meatloaf? Daddy's in jail again for shufflin pills, we know Man I've only come to give you a peep show (in this world) I run across the South like a wild stream, smiling I've seen more colorful mushrooms than a child's dream On an island, desolate, left behind cause my state's a state of crime God said, 1979, go change the minds (in this world) [Yelawolf] Yelawolf, hi my name is President O-bama, I'm so shameless I'm takin it all, so what am I sayin? I'm the voice of every small town (in this world) Like a light and a pipe with a mic and take flight in this life What a sight, put a vice grip, lock on my right to fight Despite the way you may feel about sights and sounds that I might put down about prices found on a sack of that white Heaven is a place in a 7/11, I can never get away from hell Found hell in the Bible Belt and found love in a 6-pack on the shelf Went to the seashore to see more but Leroy didn't seem sure to me So I took Leroy to Alabama, he bought the hat, and bought the tee Coverted him y'all, I gave him convertible thoughts When he saw that big buck hangin on the wall Yeah, I'm off by a millimeter, I'm on by a million light years and two liters A pint of moonshine; I ride a two-seater so take a ride (in this world) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Yelawolf f/ Eminem, Gangsta Boo Album: Radioactive Song: Throw it Up Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Intro: Yelawolf] Ay Boo, get these motherfuckers And pass that Jack [Chorus: Gangsta Boo] I see you bitches talkin loud but you ain't sayin shit Get the fuck from 'round hurr, you don't rep my shit Y'ain't from my city, you don't know about this You don't want that drama, y'ain't ready for it bitch Now throw it up (yeah hoe) throw it up Throw it up (yeah hoe) y'ain't ready for it bitch Throw it up (yeah hoe) throw it up Throw it up (yeah) y'ain't ready for it bitch [Yelawolf] Hahahaha, yeah Gangsta Boo Let me holler at 'em I already got, two cars in a yard that don't run So why would I wanna break shit down for you? Better be confused with the punch- -lines and bars that I launch, here the king of archery come with a cracker dick, to fuck you and that pussy carpet you munch If I'm not hardly the one, you must be barely the one Billy if really you're kiddin, bitch I'm the prodigal son And I'm stuntin like my daddy, dr-dr-dr-dr-drinkin like my momma C-c-country like my uncle, stutterin like a CD in a donk go BUMP-BUMP-BUMP-BUMP And I'm in a blue Chevy, runnin over motherfuckers in first I ain't even shift gears yet, I ain't even here yet, I'm outta this Earth Right? (Yeah hoe) But I just hit the surface And I'm about to walk into a bank with a shank and a black can of paint and check the clerk (Where the keys?) Bitch you better check your purse, I got a brick of herb And I hit the syrup, and I'm feelin like I might just hit the curb So get the fuck out of my way buddy, you don't wanna walk around the chicken house  with a hawk little puppy dog, Yelawolf and Eminem, shit Sufferin succotash, yeah suck a dick bitch! [Gangsta Boo] Bitch please, you don't wanna step up to this Mrs. G-A-N-G-S-T-A Boo make a nigga hit his knees when I'm up in the building, preachin to my children I don't be takin no shit from you haters, you'll make me hurt one of your feelings Hahahahaha; naa-naa-nee-naa-naa Pick yo' face up off the flo', I got you feelin sad now You be on that hokey-wag, hokey-wag is bullshit Run into this Gangsta have yo' preacher at the pulpit Bitch, I was born on the Mississippi River (yeah hoe, yeah hoe) Take no shit, from a bitch, or a nigga (yeah hoe, yeah hoe) So so crazy, got a fucked up temper (yeah hoe, yeah hoe) Bi-polar, not Nicki, I'm worser, I'll hurt ya (yeah hoe, yeah hoe) Ha ha, I got a crazy ass mind game My nigga, I'm a lion, untamed Hunt ya ass down in my jungle, I do this I'll tell 'em hoes - y'ain't ready for it bitch! [Gangsta Boo] I see you bitches talkin loud but you ain't say... [Eminem] Me and, Yela-wolf, tear the, roof, off this motherfucker You ain't got the oomph, you're a hoof, to the foot of an elephant Hello toots, you look so eloquent, that's what I tell a cunt Come sit up front cause you're kickin my seat and I'm tryin to tell the cashier what I want They say I act like an asshole, when I pull up at the White Castle and I ask for an appli-cation, throw it back in their face and tell the bitch I'm a rapper Then I whack her in the head with a Whopper that I bought from BK, you expect me to be proper? Bitch you better pop in a CD of me immediately slut hoe! Skeedideedada Prada? Not a, chance, I was thinkin about buying you some clothes  but Target was closed so I decided to mosey on over to K-Mart but the do's was locked, what about some shoes I thought, great I suppose So I go to Payless but what d'ya know, they didn't carry a size 8 in HOES~! OHH! This is, ugly, boy, swag Putting, toe, tags, on you, mother-fuckin, hoe, bags What a, trailer, trash, pioneer, I am yeah, that's why I'm here I don't got a rhyme book, it's more like a motherfuckin diary of, DIARRHEA! Me, Yelawolf and Gangsta Boo came here to show you a thang or two about sign language, middle fingers aimed at you so we don't gotta SCREAM AT YOU~! OWW! I just bit my bottom lip, it was an accident I went to go tell 'em all to go get FUCKED! But I'm never gonna bite my tongue, little bitch throw it up [Gangsta Boo] I see you bitches talkin loud but you ain't say... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Young Buck f/ Mr. Porter Album: Straight Outta Ca$hville Song: Look at Me Now Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Young Buck] You know.. growin up in the hood You go through all kind of thangs, ya heard? Some of it's good, some of it's bad But the thangs you go through in life, make you who you are LOOK AT ME NOW! [Chorus: Mr. Porter] And from the day I was born I've been hustlin strong  I've been strugglin since a child, now them days is gone And niggaz said I wouldn't do it now I'm provin 'em wrong  And now they got their hands out like I owe them some I ain't got time for the bickerin and carryin on  It ain't too much in the hood I don't know How many times do I have to say that I'm grown  That I'ma Young Buck and still enough to know when you niggaz is hoes [Verse One: Young Buck] I still remember them nights under the street light Fiends don't give a damn, they want who got the cheap price (AIGHT?) I'm tryin to get right, get it in dough You see people is dyin fast and the money is slow We used to hang in front of the sto', flag down cars to be a movie star, go get a glass jar (woo!) Once you cook it and cut it homey go stand out in public See the work sell itself if you got enough of it (FO' SHO') Plenty thugs been shot but see it's all in the game Even I took a couple of 'em, but still I remain I ain't different from that same lil' project figure I done went with no lights and no water nigga And I'm still hood, that mean I still could get on the block, and get mine like you should (yeah) How can I be good, when rappers wanna be Suge? Surroundin myself with family, so I can sleep good [Verse Two: Young Buck] I would light me a cancer stick, thinkin how can I get my momma out the bricks and my whole clique legit Lil' Jimmy and the feds, it's just me and some Teds We cuttin heads, doin whatever to buy a loaf of bread (GIMME DAT) The high speed chases, I really loved it to blow 50 G's and don't thank nothin of it We showed love but wasn't no love showed back Whoa Kemosabe (what happened) what part of the game is that? It's a fact and my war wounds on me can prove it But look how you made me go and show you I can do it (FO' SHO') I solemnly swear to hold it down for my homeboys (WHAT?) Locked up and don't know if they ever comin home boy Time keeps tickin, another baby's born that's gon' go through the same stuff that I went through and more You wonder why I hustle, my life's on the line My baby gotta have milk when she crying, c'mon now [Verse Three: Young Buck] Now everybody got they hand out (whatchu want?) Crackhead Willie spent his millions 'til they ranned out Shorty don't wanna holla now because her man out But just last week, I couldn't get it out her damn mouth (ha ha ha!) Nowhere to go, look like I'm stuck in these bricks Seem like the good die young, the bad get rich quick, enough of this Let me take it to a whole 'nother level (what?) Like stoppin the po-lice from rollin through the ghetto (FO' SHO') Ain't nuttin gettin better but the bills gotta be paid And money come up short then them tecs gotta get sprayed (b-r-r-ap) E'rybody got a grave, we just waitin to go to it No matter what we do y'all we're still gon' go through it Some say that I'm heartless, and don't give a damn But they will never understand, until they get a gram And this is who I am, not who I wanna be Open up yo' eyes and see, what these streets done done to me The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Young Jeezy f/ Eminem, Freddie Gibbs Album: Thug Motivation 103: Hustlerz Ambition Song: Talk to Me Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  "Drumma Boy..." [Intro: Young Jeezy] Yeah (yeah) Yeah (yeah) Whassup? (Whassup?) Yeah (yeah) It's 103 nigga It's what you been waitin on Without further adieux Let's go [Young Jeezy] I'm tired, I feel wired but yet, I'm still inspired If you find somebody else for the job, tell me I'm fired Man, really motherfuck what they say, I did my job Young hood nigga straight off the block, I beat the odds Now you see a nigga back to the wall, now you excited Now I'm done, everything for you niggaz but get indicted Got, niggaz in the Feds wishin I was there with 'em Death penalty, go throw me in the jail rhythm Rather die in the hands of the judge than former friends Man this shit is like an ongoin movie, it never ends Same niggaz said that they would, love you forever Niggaz get that forecast and change just like the weather Got me feelin like a whole brick, cut with some pain From winter days, yeah they start off sunny and then it rains And even after all these years it's still stormin You couldn'ta told 'em it would be like this, you coulda warned 'em Somebody talk to me! [Eminem] + (Jeezy) Somebody better explain Why my ears are ringin so loud (somebody talk to me) Someone has got somethin to say Grow some balls and say it to my face~! (somebody talk to me) Ohhhh-oh, ohhhh-oh Someone's got a problem I wanna know Keep my name out your motherfuckin mouuuuuth Somebody talk to me... [Freddie Gibbs] Walkin like I fuckin talk it, play it how I say it And I swear sometimes hear voices talkin to me in my head Some nights I slept amongst the livin dead to get this bread It's two ways out this shit, a casket or the fuckin Feds I rap cause one day I pray this might be my escape Every day I seal up these baggies, seems like I'm sealin my fate My momma birthed a young gangsta, jumped off the porch out the gate But I can't let my momma bury me, that's some shit she can't take Most niggaz hate when you come up and you doin somethin constructive Police to the politician, my whole city corrupted Wanna convict me for a couple transactions that I conducted And my homeboy just might snitch under pressure so motherfuck him It's just me and my two nuts and you can bet they gon' hang And bitch my résumé gon' check out 'til I check out the game Sometimes that ski mask on my skull it took effect on my brain And I still live to tell this shit, I'm sick of tellin you mayne Somebody talk to 'em [Eminem] Somebody talk to me Somebody better explain how my name's endin up in your mouth Somebody talk to me You got two seconds to talk, I want some answers right the fuck now Somebody talk to me If it's me that you're, talkin about then I, I wanna know-ohh! Somebody talk to me We're almost past the point of bein able to talk this shit out Somebody better explain Why my ears are ringin so loud If someone's got somethin to say Grow some balls and say it to my face~! 