The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: EPMD Album: Strictly Business Song: Strictly Business Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Erick Sermon] Try to answer to the master or the MC rap artist No joke on the lyric - it's hard to be modest I knew I was the man with the master plan to make you wiggle and jiggle, like gelatin Just think while I sing, into the brain structure (Yo don't sleep on the E) ya see, somethin might rupture I don't take time for me to blow your mind It take a second to wreck it because you're dumb and blind So just lounge - cause you a MC clown Or join the circus - EPMD is in town [Parrish Smith] Total chaos - no mass confusion Rhymes so hypnotizin known to cause an illusion Like a magician; he draws a rabbit out a hat son I'm draw 'em all like a forty-four magnum MC freeze stop look and listen, and try to imagine It's travellin the speed of light, but everything's motion It's frightening - plus the thought you alone You now enter the dimension called the Twilight Zone You're terrified - plus you can't bear the thought You and I one-on-one, in the land of the lost You start to shiver - then you scream, my friend Yo wake up Muttley, because you're dreamin again But next time I'm on the scene, do not try to diss us Keep your mouth shut sucker duck, because I'm Strictly Business I'm Strictly Business.. [Erick Sermon] This is the rap season, where the E starts pleasin Girls around the world no need to be skeezin When I roll I stroll, cool always pack a tool Just in case (just in case) a brother acts a fool I've got the energy, to put the girls in a frenzy Put 'em in shock, when I rock, give enough, I'm not stingy Make sure I don't bore when I'm on the dance floor (Get busy, boy) like you never saw before Wine flow {*scratch*} good to go {*scratch*} After the show {*scratch*} I pull your hoe, boy (You sniff blow?) Hell no Have my whole life ahead of me, no time to be sniffin My parents find out, then they start riffin So I stay, A-OK Cause I'm the E - the R-I-C-K [Parrish Smith] MC's look me in my face, then their eyes get weak Pulse rate descends - heart rate increases Like beam me up Scotty, I control your body I'm as deadly as AIDS, when it's time to rock a party And all due respect, when I say mic check Let a sucker slide once, then I break his neck (then I break his neck) So when I say jump, you'll reply "How high?" Because I'm takin no prisoners, so don't play hero and die You're just a soldier - and I'm a Green Beret I do not think twice, about the MC's I slay So if you want to battle, I highly recommend this: Bring your dog, mom, and dad - because I'm Strictly Business I'm Strictly Business.. [Erick Sermon] Yo yo, you're still pickin on that four-leaf clover? Bring in the Sandman, sucker - because it's over My name is Erick Sermon and I'm back again I see the heads still turnin on my so-called friends They smile in my face, behind my back they talk trash Mad and stuff, because they don't have cash Like the E-Double - or the Pee-MD He drives a Corvette, I drive a Samaurai Suzuki I'm the locksmith, with the key to fame Never high on myself - always stay the same Play a lot because I'm hot, like a horse I trot Around the track and back (fatigued?) No I'm not [Parrish Smith] Well I'm the mellow, the fellow, the one that likes to say hello To a fly girl that is good to go With the slow tempo and the off-beat rhyme flow Cause when I am in action, there is no time for maxin or relaxin Just reactin and subtractin On a sucker MC, who mouth keep on yappin and flappin I lose my cool, then I'll start slappin and smackin You on a roll, then Albee starts jabbin and cappin No time to lounge, I'm packin and strappin At my point attack, I soar at you like a eagle I'm the sheriff, and bitin is illegal So next time in town, I highly recommend this You gots to chill, because I'm Strictly Business Hey yo E-Double man, let 'em know what time it is [Erick Sermon] Yo, I'm Strictly Business You know what I'm sayin PMD? [Parrish Smith] Yo word, EPMD is in full effect [Erick Sermon] Lounge.. be the E-Double E-Double E in the place to be and with PMD [Parrish Smith] Know what I mean? My homeboy Bernard on the scene [Erick Sermon] Knahmsayin? Mixmaster Chuck Chase [Parrish Smith] In the place [Erick Sermon] Yo I'd like to say peace to my homey Big Daddy Kane [Parrish Smith] And Biz Markie {*both laughing*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: EPMD Album: Strictly Business Song: I'm Housin' Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [PMD] Coolin on the scene like a horse in a stable A brother got ill and tried to snatch a fat cable I stepped back, like it wasn't no thing Punched him in the jaw with the fat gold ring I had an ace in the hole when it came to that (Yo P you was packin?) You know I'm strapped Posse kept rollin it was hard to get with em So I stepped back, and unbuttoned my Lee denim They kept coming, just like I figured So I stepped back, and started sprayin niggaz [E Double] What a way to go out, out like a sucker But I'm on track, like a Long Island train that can head your mission, suckers who be dissing Always on my jock like a snake always hissing Grabbing and tapping me like Luther Vandross Take me to the bar for the drink and make a toast Givin best wishes to the best MC The E the D-O-U-B-L-E Because I'm housin (3X) [PMD] Coolin at a party, no better yet disco Head feelin mellow from a bottle of Cisco Move... To crush and fry a sucker MC like crisco Every chance I get, I try to kill That's one less sucker new jack, who tried to act ill I keep the place jumpin til the party's through Whether it's disco, hardcore, or rhythm and blues Take off your coat, won't you stay a while Check out the voice that is smooth and mild It's like Wheel of Fortune, go on for big money Come cold rock the party, and leave wit ya honey [E Double] Gimme the cue, check one two Don't try to come off on me, because you doo-doo Treatin me the E Doubl-E, like a stepchild Well let me tell you homeboy you're livin foul MC's, you know who you are (On the bandwagon) Why P? (Cuz you a star) This is the year that when the joker's are wild When a fag can't hack it and try to bite the style I get hip to the scheme, before it happens If it gets wild, then I start cappin But for now, since everything's calm Relate to the matter as I drop the bomb As I proceed to rock, the girls are clockin Some brothers act hard but the rest are jockin Because I'm housin (4X) [PMD] I come on strong, like a bodybuilder  Cast a spell upon a sucker, like witch Matilda Deliver a rhyme like Federal Express  My intention's not to dis, but impress For the ladies and gents, the money was spent  To see the E-P-Double-E-M-D (yes the main event) In concert... not worried bout oos n boos (because we do work)  To make your body jerk  (To make your girl want to leave her man and start to flirt   With the P) Double-E MD Double E'n  I'm not skeezing, but pleasing All party goers, also behind show-ers Who like the not, fast slow flow of rhymes that form in my dome  Out the mouth, to the microphone Because I'm housing (4X) DJ La Boss, on the scratch Lounge  (My homeboy Big Daddy Kane, BizMarkie) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: EPMD Album: Strictly Business Song: Let the Funk Flow Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Parrish Smith] Relax while I tax, or you can just max It really doesn't matter, just stay the hell back Poppin much junk, now the time has arose-n I pick your card and your name has been chosen Not all about ?line-opin? or the stick up scene "Let it flow!", you know what I mean I'm the PMD, in the place to be Clock rhymin and I lock ya, around the tick-tocker Suckers steady clockin at the same time jockin So a brother like MD takes a chill and lay low Hypnotize your girl, while the funk flow [Erick Sermon] I got my girls to keep me pumpin, just like Getti Use the same fuel as Mario Andretti Kickin butt in the beginning all the way to the end He drives, I rhyme no matter what we win I come fully equipped, with the mic on my hip So if you real, it's no time to slip Cause when it's time for some action, check on the Mic-hael Jackson Do a spin grab my nuts, and start taxin Let the MC's know that I shock like lightning They mess with the E-Double-E, I sounds frightening [Parrish] So let the funk flow "Let it flow!" [Erick Sermon] Blastoff, and off you go We usually take off fast, but now we take up slow I would say ?bamba yards?, but I'm not leavin I don't wanna go, but the girlies keep screamin So I will stay, if that's fine wit you But I won't leave, until the party is through So while I'm here, let me get funky Fiendin for the rhyme (like a four-deuce junkie) Put the pep in your step, the stride in your glide EPMD them goin nationwide [Parrish Smith] While the bass is steady pumpin and the beat be like thumpin You lose your cool, then you start jumpin You're out of control, and I'm right on track In seconds later I work the bone out your back To mess with the two is to mess with hot water We like to hang, torture then slaughter All sucker MC's, who proceed to intrude E said (let em slide), say what but I'm in the mood for dishin and dismissin, all those who don't listen Reel the ones whose in, as if we was fishin So in eighty-eight, no wait I think it's too late Cause in eighty-seven, you bit on the old bait [Erick] So let the funk flow "Let it flow!" [Parrish Smith] Lounge homeboy you in the danger zone When the brother PMD is on the microphone The slow momentum of my rhymes are divine and combined to go off beat, and come back on time To maintain and explain, but never sound the same And when it comes to do this, very few remain People on my jock for the rhymes I invent Dip in a phone booth just like Clark Kent Step out dressed to impress, with no intention to fess Chillin HARD, with the P on my chest Rhymin on the mic, while the beat rocks steady Throw a funky fresh rhyme and MC's fetch it like Freddy [Erick Sermon] Listen to heavy metal, hardcore rock n roll Drink a six-pack, maybe Miller or Stroh That's not the move, it's about hip-hop The love that y'all playin and screamin had to stop Let's get it straight for nineteen eighty-eight For it can sound fine for nineteen eighty-nine I hear the girls out there sayin E is hot That only shows you what juice I got And if you don't like me, and you yellin boo There's nothin wrong wit me, it's somethin wrong with you So let the funk flow "Let it flow!" [Parrish] So let the funk flow "Let it flow!" [Parrish] Yo, this beat is sort of funky [Sermon] Man, I ain't worried about it, I know it's funky "Let it flow!" The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: EPMD Album: Strictly Business Song: You Gots to Chill Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Parrish Smith] You gots to chill.. TO CHILL.. *echoes* 	* DJ K La Boss cuts "Jungle boogie!" * [Erick Sermon] Relax your mind, let your conscience be free and get down to the sounds of EPMD Well you should keep quiet while the MC rap but if you tired -- then go take a nap!! Or stay awake and watch the show I take because right now -- I'm bout to shake'n'bake The E-R-I-C-K is my name, I spell Thanks to the clientele, yo I rock well I'm not an MC who talkin all that junk About who can beat who, soundin like a punk I just get down and I go for mine Say 'check one-two', and run down the line [Parrish Smith] To the average MC I'm known as The Terminator Funky beat maker, new jack exterminator Destroy an employ', when your rhymes are not void Never sweatin your girl (Why P?) Cause she's a skeezoid When I'm on the scene I always rock the spot I grab the steel with the crown on top In the beginnin -- I like to let my rhymes flow and at twelve I press cruise control Sit back and relax, let my rhymes tax Maintain MC's while the Double E macks Always calm under pressure, no need to act ill Listen when I tell you boy, you gots to chill.. *echoes* 	* DJ K La Boss cuts "Jungle boogie!" * [Erick Sermon] I be the personal computer information on rap Like the B-I-Z Markie says, I'll make your toes tap I format the rhymes, step by step Make em sound def to maintain my rep Prepared to come off, in case of a diss Not worried about a thing, cause we can do this I can turn the party out just by standin still Make the ladies scream and shout while the brothers act ill Take total control, of your body and soul Pack a nine in my pants for when it's time to roll [Parrish Smith] I'm the P, double-E, M-D-E-E And one thing I hate, is a bitin MC When I enter the party suckers always form a line then they ease their way up, and try to bite my lines I did thousands of shows, dissed many faces and deal with new jacks, on a one-to-one basis But every now and then a sucker MC gets courageous and like an epidemic it becomes contagious But never the least they all R.I.P for all those unaware it means Rest In Peace Cause M.D. -- stands for Microphone Doctor And the capital P (capital P) capital M (capital M) capital D-E-E's no doubt the chief rocker Don't like to get ill, but if I have to I kill So believe me boy, you gots to chill.. *echoes* 	* DJ K La Boss cuts "Jungle boogie!" * [Erick Sermon] Catch every word I'm sayin, no there's no delayin Don't hestitate to motivate the crowd I'm not playin Seeing is believin, you catch my drift? Don't try to a-dapt because I'm just too swift (How swift?) I'm so swift and that's an actual fact I'm like Zorro, I mark a E on your back I don't swing on no ropes or no iron cords The only weapon is my rappin sword [Parrish Smith] Intimidate MC's with the tone of my vocal drone when I'm pushin on the microphone Cause I'm the funky rhyme maker, MC undertaker The one who likes to max and relax.. and when it's time, issue diggum-smack I keep their hands clappin, fingers snappin, feet tappin When it's time to roll Uzi patrol was packin The PMD, the mic's my only friend And through the course of the party, I kill again and again So if you're thinkin bout battlin you better come prepared Come witcha shield and your armor geared You gots to chill.. *echoes* 	* DJ K La Boss cuts "Jungle boogie!" * [E] DJ La Boss... [P] ...takes no shorts The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: EPMD Album: Strictly Business Song: It's My Thing Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash 	{helicopter flies overhead} 	"It's my thing!" "And the stadium is packed..  There's a large crowd out there today..  let's hear them play" 	"You out there? LOUDER!" 	"It's my thing!" 	"You out there? LOUDER!" 	"It's my thing!" [Parrish Smith] MC's out there, you better stand clear EPMD is a world premier From New York straight talk, America's best Cold wild Long Island, is where we rest [Erick Sermon] ("You out there? LOUDER!") Style of the rap, makes your hands clap Take care of myself because the lines are strapped Day mean business, no time for play If you bite a line, we'll roll your way ("You out there? LOUDER!") The more you bite, your body gets hot Don't get too close, because you might get shot Gnawin at my rhyme like a poisonous rat Don't play Dumbo, you're smarter than that [PMD]	It's my thing 	"It's my thing!" 	"You out there? LOUDER!" 	"It-it, it, it-it, it-it, it's my thing!" [Parrish Smith] The rhythmatic style, keeps the rhyme flowin Good friends already bitin, without you knowin ("You out there? LOUDER!") Can't understand, why your body's gettin weaker Then you realize, it's the voice from the speaker The mind become delirious, situation serious Don't get ill, go and get curious 	("It's my thing!") [Erick Sermon] Nuff about that, let's get on to somethin better ("LOUDER!") And if gets warm, take off the hot sweater And if you want some water, I'll get you a cup And if you don't want it, then burn the hell up ("You out there? LOUDER!") I'm tellin you now boy, you ain't jack Talkin much junk like Mr. T at your back but he's not, so don't act cute Cause if you do you in hot pursuits [PMD]	It's my thing 	"It's my thing!" 	"You out there? LOUDER!" 	"It-it, it, it-it, it-it, it's my thing!" [Parrish Smith] As the song goes on you will notice a change The way I throw down, the way I say my name ("You out there? LOUDER!") The mic that I'm packin, is flame resistant So MC be cool, and keep your distance When I walk into the party girls are screamin at me I park my mic and my hoes, and then I yell FREEZE.. .. music please 	"It's my thing!" [Erick Sermon] Ah where was I? Oh yes Say a def rhyme then I plumb the rest ("You out there? LOUDER!") Everytime I rock a rhyme I can tell that you like it Emotion is strong, like the mind of a psychic The mind is weary floatin like a dove Sweatin a thing like if you was makin love Control the crowd, so they can accept it Total concentration is the perfect method [PMD]	It's my thing 	"It's my thing!" 	"You out there? LOUDER!" 	"It-it, it's my, it-it, it's my thing!" [Parrish Smith] The wack I subtract, the strong I attack The ones who grab the mic and freeze, I throw it back ("You out there? LOUDER!") I perfect and eject, make MC's sweat Take em off on the mic then I tell em step Not waiting or debating, cause MC's keep hating Play me too close, like two dogs mating 	("It's my thing!") [Erick Sermon] ("You out there?") Now let's get on with the rest of the lesson Don't really like it when suckers start messin Tryin to make a scene, talkin very loud Talkin much junk to attract a crowd ("You out there? LOUDER!") You say you wanna battle, your first mistake You get quiet and stuff, like you was at a wake In the beginnin, you knew you wasn't winnin Now you feel ashamed, your head starts bendin Kinda upset boy -- I understand You lost again -- I won, god damn [PMD]	It's my thing 	"It's my thing!" 	"You out there? LOUDER!" 	"It-it, it, it-it, it-it, it's my thing!" [Parrish Smith] My funky fresh lyrics, put you in the spirit I speak a little louder for you suckers can't hear it ("You out there? LOUDER!") The rhymes I designed, are right on time and at the crowd on my mic, flash a danger sign Cause I'm the Thriller of Manilla, MC cold killer Drink Budweiser, cannot stand Miller MC's cold clockin til the party's through then they tap me on my shoulder and say, "This Bud's for you" 	("It's my thing!") [Erick Sermon] ("You out there? LOUDER!") To be a real MC, you can't be obedient To be smooth is the main ingredient You have to be silky like a Milky Way To be able to make it work, you rest and play ("You out there? LOUDER!") I control the pace of the rate the rhymes blowin Hydraulically jacked, is the way they're flowin Slow yes, just like they're awed The comparison is wave like the motion of water, smooth.. 	"It's my thing!" 	"You out there? LOUDER!" 	"It-it, it, it-it, it-it, it's my thing!" [Parrish Smith] While the record is spinnin, got your fly girlie grinnin MD is on the mic, you know I'm only beginnin ("You out there? LOUDER!") Rhymes fresher than fresh, never heard me fess Scored 110, on my MC test My rhymes are strong than Tyson, hold a MC license When I grab the mic, MC's get frightened [Erick Sermon] ("You out there? LOUDER!") I'm dangerous, I'm here to crush some bones Lounge homeboy you in the danger zone ("It's my thing!") What I mean by lounge, I don't mean bitin, huh You mess around, and we'll be fightin It's alright if you bite, but don't recite because the rhymes are mine, and that ain't right ("You out there? LOUDER!") But until just chill to the next episode Donald J, yo, release the code [PMD]	It's my thing 	"It's my thing!" 	"It's my thing!" 	"You out there?" 	"It-it, it, it-it, it-it, it's my thing!" 	"It's my thing! It's my thing! It's my thing!" 	("You out there? LOUDER!") 	"It-it, it, it-it, it-it, it's my thing!" 	"La-la-loud-la-loud-la-LOUDER!" 	"It's my thing!" 	"You out there? LOUDER!" 	"It's my thing!" *music fades* 	"You out there?" 	"Ya ya ya-ya ya-ya ya-ya you out there?" The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: EPMD Album: Strictly Business Song: You're a Customer Typed by: scott_rodkey@hotmail.com [Erick Sermon] Knick knack patty whack give a dog a bone Yo, don't give him nothing but a microphone Don't stop, I'm not finished yet You said I'm not the E, you wanna make a bet? Remember this: Lounge, you in the danger zone I figured you would, now leave me alone You pick and you wish on a four-leaf clover To be the E double E over and over You're intrigued by the way I do my thing (Do what?) Pick up the mic high and make it swing [PMD] I have the capability to rap and chill Cold wax and tax MC's who tend to act ill It's like a Diggum Smack Smack me and I'll smack you back I get goosebumps when the bassline thumps A sucker MC arrives, now it's time for lunch When I'm cooling on the scene, I notice one thing I'm not Bounce, so sucker MC's cling I consider myself better than average Yo, I rock the mic like a wild beast savage [Erick Sermon] I'm in the bottling state, I can't concentrate I make a move like chess, and then I yell "checkmate" You know why I get zanier and zanier? Because of EPMD mania When I walk through the crowd I can see heads turning I hear voices saying "That's Erick Sermon" Not only from the women, but from the men You know what? It feels good, my friend [PMD] I'm the P double E, the Thrilla of Manilla Better known as the MC cold killer PMD cold keeps the place jumping And if not then we feel like we owe you something Like lotto, you have to be in it to win it But if the beat is fresh then Diamond J will spin it If J spin it, then it has to be fresh To make you dance until there's no one left 	Cause you a customer [Erick Sermon] Praying like a prey when the fox in action I smell blood, no time for maxing Camoflauge in the green, my back is arc Plus you in trouble cause it's after dark My eyes close like ?Steve Austin?, I got you in the square I will let you run, nah, that ain't fair So I clear my visions until I can spot him Snatch him by the neck and say "Hmmm I got him" [PMD] Whenever MC's, you're in over your head My rhymes are hungry plus they haven't been fed The process of elimination is quite simple Let you grow like a blackhead and pop you like a pimple Slice you like lettuce, toss you like a salad Revoke your MC license if your rhymes ain't valid As we go on, sucker MC's sound wacker Like a parrot says "Polly want a cracker" [Erick Sermon] Well it was a ???? test, nothing we can't handle At the house they had the mics on the mantle Looked at the DJ and said "May I?" Lit it up like the Fourth of July Because I float like a butterfly, sting like a bee Woah, I'm the E of EPMD I have a strong point of view on the way things run Just shut up and listen and learn my son [PMD] I'll drop that ass like Bounty, the quicker picker upper To tell you up front, you're nothing but a sucker The style we're using, no doubt copastetic You try to bite and yet sound pathetic Cause I'm a rhyme like a taylor, flow like a sailor As the beat gets stronger, MC's get staler Not bragging or protagging, surely not fagging MC's surrender, raise the flags and Give up the titles because the signs are vital I keep a voice tuned at a slow and swift idle 	You a customer [Erick Sermon] I need a man meal sandwich, yes I need Manwich I feel good, now it's time to do damage I flow like Bounty, you know what I mean? Wanna rhyme one time, do the least of steam When I grab the mic I get dramatic like an actor You know why I get over? I'm the master I do a show, pack it in til it's clamming up Look for the microphone then jam it up [PMD] You said you see me jamming in New York Tech You got one right fella, you deserve a check How did you know, you must have been jocking How do you know the places I be rocking? Don't follow me fella, every move that I make I'm hostile now so I'll give you a break Well search upon me but don't go past the limit Here's a card and on the back is my fan club digits [Erick Sermon] There's two things to check out in the words that I'm saying Plus listen to the good time playing Bro is bad, the strings he's plucking Fire rhyme after rhyme, watch MC's duck and [PMD] MC's, the final countdown You look tired, can you go the round? If you can, I'll slap your hand and give you credit And if not, I'll turn around and say "Forget it" [Erick Sermon] People say that I'm a party pooper To tell the truth I'm a born trooper 	You a customer The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: EPMD Album: Strictly Business Song: The Steve Martin Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Parrish Smith] Sick em champ... Well I have a new dance, that you all must learn You may have seen the Pee-Wee Herman but it's had it's turn Now this brand new dance, I know you not with it You might break your neck, to really try to get it If you seen the clumsy movie it was called The Jerk You had to check out Steve Martin as he started to work He was doin freaky moves with his feet and head With his blue farmer suit and his big Pro-Keds Now if you wanna learn it, it really takes time That's why I'm here now tellin you this rhyme And if you never seen it, then I'll be startin My brand new funky dance, called the Steve Martin Like this... get em Steve, get em Get em Steve, get em Steve, get em Get em... Like this... [Erick Sermon] Well the dance is def, and it's gonna last I don't really think any other dance will pass All the dancers out there tryin to freak on the floor When they see me do the Martin they try to ignore When they see my dance, they came to a surprise I caught the suckers ducks speakin eye to eye While they bitin my stuff, like I wasn't there But they didn't have the right so, I didn't care Sway your arms around your back, then across your chest Do the crazy leg sweep from right to left It's the Steve... [Parrish Smith] Like this... Get em Steve, get em Steve, get em... Get em Steve, get em Steve, get em... Get em... Well it's back to the man on the mic you see Because I'm stuck to my dance like a dog on a flea Now I know my dance is the funky dance comin Pee-Wee Herman (BizMarkie) was pumpin (but mines is jumpin) It's the Steve... Like this, sick em champ (Steve Martin's in full effect!) Sick em champ (Yo Steve's a weasel! Show em how your Steve Martin go) Get em Steve, get em Steve, get em (repeat 4X) (Ahh yeah, Steve Martin in full effect) EPMD, strikin once again, funky fresh in the flesh (True, yo, PMD! Oww, yeah...) I be the P double E-M-D in the place (Yeah check this out P, I think this is the last record of the album...  Awww we made it!) Yo yo what time is it? [Erick Sermon] Nineteen eighty-eight is so great, and eighty-nine even better And don't forget, to take off that hot sweater... Yeah check this out y'all! We got this funky track, ahh, yo yo yo Check this out homeboys Because we dope, the dope-di-dope-di-dope-di-dope The dope-di-dope-nope-we-ain't-no-joke No-joke-no-joke, so PMD!! Yo!! We ain't no joke, no-joke-no-joke-no-joke-the-dope (On the Columbo tip!) I'm the real deal homeboy, for real (On the strength!) Because we in there, yes we in there And we're outta here, like last year (We lost the bandwagon, because I'm housin...) We goin straight for the kill because you're loungin (I'm Strictly Business!) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: EPMD Album: Strictly Business Song: Get Off the Bandwagon Typed by: scott_rodkey@hotmail.com [PMD] Ayo, what's up E Double? [Erick Sermon] Yo, whole thing man, got a lot of customers out there man, trying to get paid off what we made. [PMD] Ayo, rapping ain't your field, you took the wrong trade. So you'd better get a grip on them lips, and get off the... [P] Ayo yo yo, I be the P twice E M D [E] I be the E double E in the place to be [P] Ayo what up E man, we in there man? [E] You know we in there, trying to get paid, know what I'm saying? [P] Yo, we gotta step out hard this year [E] Pee check this out, this is how it's going down [Erick Sermon] There was a Hardy Boy mystery you were trying to solve Can't understand why you got involved Here's a clue, try the ghetto master blaster Now think who causes disaster Clue number two, you give up? I figured, it was K La Boss on the cut He had help, sucker duck, now that's clue number three You wrong, cause it was EPMD [PMD] MC's, get off the bandwagon I'm not bragging, but tagging And snagging the biter that tries to imitate Time to go on strike and demonstrate On the fo, that does not N-O That if he pulls my card, I'm good to flow Toe to toe, blow to blow, without H2O Ayo, you want to battle? I'm good to G-O 	Get off the bandwagon (Repeat 2x) [Erick Sermon] This ain't a blast from the past, it's a boomer from the future Feel free to scream "Ho" or "Yo" if it suits you While the bass is booming and your face is glooming Saying the E double E is def, you're not assuming They're only one of many that think a jealous fellow Say "yep" then step cause I'm cooler [PMD] Say "Hmmm" now you're through, you're how not who Before I'm gluing that butt like Krazy Glue I roll into the party as if I was Five-O Book investigation biters like Columbo Pushing rap for some info in exchange for a jumbo And when I find a sucker it's time to play Rambo Or play Commando, you know? I knew it was the sucker with the new Jackson 5 afro We rock rhymes then we we run em a while Sucker MC's catch on, then they bite our style They're confused, dazed, and amused Sweating and thing because their rhymes are used Seen us in the crowd then they own their cost They run around like a chicken with their heads cut off 	Get off the bandwagon (Repeat 2x) [Erick Sermon] While my volume was swaying, you were saying "Who was that brother?" while the record was playing I felt kinda happy like an ego trip I had to laugh cause my energy's tip My tradition is dissing in this position And right about now I'm in perfect condition And don't get mad, and don't stop hissing Don't say nothing homeboy just listen [PMD] No talk or playing, sucker MC's I be slaying Get off the bandwagon, you know what I'm saying? I devastate the hip-hop scene Keep the feet moving like a dancing machine E got my back (yeah) K La Boss on the scratch You wild on the groove with the beat on wax I'm in my own world, no room for distraction Controlling MC's while La Boss keeps scratching 	Get off the bandwagon (Repeat 2x) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: EPMD Album: Strictly Business Song: Jane Typed by: scott_rodkey@hotmail.com [Erick Sermon] Yo, what's up PMD? [PMD] Ayo coolin man, done with this album, about to take it up to Leon Wills, see what they say. [E] Hold up man, we ain't bringing nothing up until I diss this girl, man. [P] Aw, you ain't going to go into that Jane thing again? [E] You know I had to diss her! I told her don't mess with me, you know? [P] But why you gotta be bothering with that skeezer? That was way back  in 1986! [E] Let me tell you how it went anyway [E] Hanging out late drinking a couple of brews [P] Turn on the radio put the shit on snooze [E] So when it's time to get up, the radio comes on [P] Blasting in my ear with the hip-hop song [E] Five minutes later I hear someone knocking [P] Yo outside yo, my stereo's rocking [E] Saying in my mind "Who can it be?" [P] It was me, the P double E M D [E] I said yo [P] I said yo [E] What's up trooper? I have a girl and she wants me to duke her [P] Why didn't you? [E] I woulda have been, only thing she brung along a friend  So PMD (Yo?) Why don't you do me a favor?  Chill with the bitch and I'll hook you up later  She's fly, haircut like Anita Baker [P] Looked up and down and said "Hmm, I'll take her"  She came in, I said "Hi my name is P"  She said "Hello my name is J-A-N-E"  I said "Jane, oh, what a nice name"  It reminds me of a high school flame [E] She came behind me and then she rubbed my back  She started moaning and said "Yo, let's hit the sack"  Went to my room because she was kinda bossy  Girl broke buckwild [P] And started playing horsey [E] She showed pain but inside she felt joy [P] Ayo she broke wild and said "Ride em cowboy!" [E] Three o'clock on the dot [P] Tired of busting her [E] Woke up in the morning to my record "You're a Customer"  She left me a note, she called me the medicine  Said next time you have to be better [P] Bigger [E] Stronger and much faster [P] And you don't quit, EPMD rock double [E] To the funky shit! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: EPMD Album: Unfinished Business Song: So What Cha Sayin Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Verse One: Erick Sermon, Parrish Smith The employees of the year, yeah we're back to work I took time off, while all the rappers got jerked Due to the fact that they're wack and their tracks Have to go back and stack 'cause they lack The ingredients . . . EPMD and Scratch for that . . . *DJ Scratch cuts and scratches* Yo, I'm the hip-hopper, plus the show shocker Down with MD, yes the microphone doctor One wrecks, the other destroys And if you think that you're ready to mess (kill the noise) We don't play when it's time to slay I take a cut from my homey, yo, then I lay back and mack and all the rhymes I pack And wait for a sucker to jump and then attack Well, I'm known to be the master in the MC field No respect in eighty-seven, eighty-eight you kneel Cause I produce and get loose, when it's time to perform Wax a sucker like Mop & Glow (that's word born) Smacked a second time, but on a different assignment And do a sucker new jack who needs a rappin alignment Cause I'm the cream of the crop when it's time to do a show Girlies on my jock for my dope intro As I glance at E-Double, kickin microphone wrecker Turn on my cordless, sayin mic checka To the ladies . . . and all party goers Some call me freak, and others slow flower Brothers on my jock, for the way I hold a piece of steel So what you sayin? So what you sayin? Verse Two: Erick Sermon, Parrish Smith Puttin heads to bed, straight out the box MC's, are jumpin out shoes and socks I'm not playin, understand what I'm sayin Catch a sucker in my way, and I'm slayin Takin no shorts, so I'm vital sign You can tell by my lines that I'm gettin mines in eighty-nine, because I'm fine as wine Sit back and recline, watch the sun shine Take a stroll, listen to rock and roll Catch a flick at the movies, dance a bowl What I chose I refuse to slack while I'm back I take a chance jack, so I must attack With knick knack paddywack so I won't lack Oh my style is def, and as deadly as crack While I'm slayin must explain, a sucker is the lame Battle in the trenches where the funky be playin Cause with a partner like E Double don't come a dime a dozen A kin not blood related, but you can call us cousins Cause as we climb the charts, better known as statistics Brothers on my jock while I'm kickin ballistics Droppin hits like I'm Housin, You Gots Ta Chill, and more The proof is in the pudding (yo check the Billboard) People round town talkin this and that Of how we sound like the R, and our music was wack Dropped the album Strictly Business and you thought we was bold Thirty days later, the LP went gold So what you sayin So what you sayin Verse Three: Erick Sermon, Parrish Smith Now party people it's time for the exquisite No knock knock who that over there or who is it It's the E-R-I-C-K, yes the Boy Wonder No fouls no bleeps no bloops or no blunders So hot, so you can say I'm blazin Or Luther Vandross says, yo I am "Sooooooo amazing, and I've been waiting" For a sucker to attack yo me the E-Double Cuz me and PMD is like the funky fresh couple I fight fire with fire, that's why most retired And when we needed a piss boy, you was hired Cause you was Memorex, for that style that we was bringin In an all out battle, P comes out swingin Cause I'm just that type of brother that's out to get mines And if the odds against me, I still drop lines and get mines on time that's why most resign Sit in my LazyBoy chair, relax my head and recline Sip a Pepsi or Coke, with a twist of lime Or crack a forty-oh, and then I go for mine So what you sayin So what you sayin The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: EPMD Album: Unfinished Business Song: Total Kaos Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Erick Sermon] Yo, whassup moneygrip, it's the E on the trip Not to Georgia, but Gladys Knight and the Pips It's a one way ticket, to the highest plateau For a smooth rapper, and for those that flow So blow like the wind my friend and take flight and "Fly, Like An Eagle" -- yeah right You can't rock a party and make hands clapper Cause you an N.R.er (that means a Non-Rapper) So give it up sucker duck emcee you're not ready to flex yet, or better yet rock steady with the E Double, number one on the planet Take it for granted, I'm _In Control_ like Janet I'm in command, plus full of fun but don't play me, cause if you do you gettin done And that my son comes to one conclusion Total chaos.. no mass confusion [Parrish Smith] Knock knock (aiyyo, who is it?) The one who storms on rappers just like a snow blizzard Yes the micraphone doctor's back makin housecalls to crab emcees, who claim to have the balls to flex with the man, with the rep for snappin necks I'm not the one son, so don't pose or make threats The PMD, yeah Paid and Makin Dollars Stranglin emcees with the micraphone cord and make em holler I'm like, Quick Draw McGraw when I blast past an emcees ass, then trash crash to smash his ass and play his ego, while I sip a forty-oh And count my cashflow, because I'm on the go And aiyyo I don't joke, and that you can bet I flex a rhyme on a rapper, play his posse and step Like I said in _Strictly Biz_ I'm known to cause an illusion to create total chaos.. no mass confusion [Erick Sermon] No magic tricks, Houdini, or I Dream of Jeannie or dissapearing acts from here to Tahiti It's a one two three count, and I'm knockin out without a doubt (Why E?) I got clout! Homeboy you should know, I'm de commando of rap Carry emcees no trees, across my bare back I use measures, and yes all are drastic For me the E Double, cause I'm fantastic So, I let you know, money I don't play Step back and you won't get smacked, hear what I say? Lay low Afro, or take a nightcap And if you tired (yo, then go take a nap) Or close your eyes and chank em like a Jap then lounge, as I rock across the map Yo watch me go, ? in seconds Me and PMD and the sound from our records Check out the beat and the style I'm usin It's total chaos.. no mass confusion [Parrish Smith] Last rhyme was for E, this one's for the Gipper Give me room.. cause I'm about to rip a emcee's head off as I release my steam The method of decapitation, is the guillotine So check out the tempo, and let your body go Cause a brother like MD's about to go Rambo A Micraphone Doctor, an emcee physician An all around scholar, a rapper technician So put up or shut up, cause MD is like fed up You, your wack crew, your whole damn set up Suckers still slippin, you better get a grip and change your wack style while the clock still tickin Cause pursuin and doin a brother, is second nature Can you feel it E Double? (Yeah, somethin like ?) To the Micraphone Doctor, all rappers are obsolete You lack style and composure, plus your rhymes are weak I gave you all due respect, when I said mic check You're still slippin Duke, it's time to snap that neck  Like I said in _Strictly Biz_ I'm known to cause an illusion to create total chaos.. no mass confusion The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: EPMD Album: Unfinished Business Song: Get the Bozack Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Parrish Smith] Ah yeah, vacation's over Suckers still pickin on the four-leaf clover As I say mic check, EPMD's in effect Snappin necks and cashin large checks As I flex then wrecks -- so E, what's next? [Erick Sermon] Shazam, let me tell you who I am The E-R-I-C-K, S-E-R-M-O-N Call me a lumberjack, or a midland warrior Doin damage to the world with the Hurricane Gloria I'm serious, you can say I'm furious You're sayin in your mind, "Who is he?" because you're curious of the rap style, not heard by the usual You bite you get damaged, but my brothers stay mutual [Parrish Smith] While I'm makin and takin, emcees shakin and flakin Pre-heat my oven to three hundred degrees and start bakin Emcees like potatoes, beats kickin like Cato Gettin philosophical like the Greek man Plato (who?) The Greek man Plato (who?) The Greek man Plato But I'm the A.K.Ato flow, bro As you all will know, I do a show Pick up the dough and hoe, break to the limo Money in the pocket, Albee's hands on the ammo Crack the Olde Gold, as we roll and stroll Don't play bold sucker, cause you was told Your spot in the box in eighty-eight was sold So quit the singin come swingin cause of the beat that I'm bringin Tryin to wax EPMD, you be U.G.-in on a heavy narcotic, such as speed or crack Because your rhyme's mediocre but your tracks are wack Not fiction but fact black, believe that Then put away your demo cause the brother is back and get the bozack.. E.. [Erick Sermon] Yo, as I sing and do my thing I might sing Jane, or the whole shabang But if I snap, during the course of the rap P tap me on the back, throw the crowd in a flap Just to distract, til I'm intact Get my Fisherman hat, so I can mack Groove to the rhythm of a funky track Like ("Yo, you smack me and I'll smack you back") I come correct with the context, and then next then flex and throw a hex on your whole complex Then check for a second, yo, then sayyy (R-E-S-P-E-C-T) Respect! For me the E Double, or the emcee rap goddess Cause me and PMD we get ours regardless So get the bozack.. P.. [Parrish Smith] Yo, time to get funky and raw Stomp mudholes in posses (like who?) like Gigantor Cause when we roll we come fully equipped Mic in the hand, tooly, and spare clips Like a detenator with no ticks I then trip or slip or maybe flip while my DJ's on the mix Never lost a battle and if I did it was fixed You must be sick all on my dilznick, like a jim hat Your shit ain't pumpin and your rhymes are wack Cause you're a nickel dime sucka, who hangs with Tommy Tucker Like KRS-One said, you a Part Time Sucka who works O.T., to be like The Capital P, the M, I'm like D To slay an emcee, on the S-P-O-T Leave without a motive or a C-L-U-E So get the bozack.. E.. [Erick Sermon] Yo, the MC Grand Royal on the micraphone Terrorist, mafioso, a.k. E Capone I'm no joke on the stroke I broke so don't choke No hopes folks, I quote note for note You mind float on the rhyme on I wrote (what?) And does the Wild Thing, like my boy Tone Loc It's equipped with the kit that bit the whole shit Don't catch a nitfit, because my style legit Brand new from the crew for you no voodoo A trick from the flicks master Wu Kung-Fu Equipped with the posse and the time I need Cock diesel like Rocky and Apollo Creed So get the bozack.. P.. [Parrish Smith] Yo, mic checkin, checkin and checkin and checkin Scan the crowd, then start wreckin Either kill or be killed, in the field of hip-hop Cause if you're slow you blow you get popped mopped and dropped If you choose, you lose, here come the oohs and boos I pop a No-Doz, relax my lips and cruise past a pooh putt'n sucka whose all about scheamin Waxin the P twice, you must be dreamin Cause as you moan and groan, from the mouth you foam Sayin, "P got inside, I shoulda left P alone" Cause it's a fact, black, that when I'm loopin the track to lounge in the Danger Zone, because I'm back In fact, Jack, before I launch my attack Premeditate my assassination and come strapped Playin rough and tough but when I called your bluff You tried to post on the Micraphone Doctor and got snuffed So get the bozack You get the bozack You get the B-the-O-the-Zack Get the bozack KnowhatI'msayin E man? Brothers ridin the bozack [Erick Sermon] Tell them crab emcees like this, yo get the bozack, get the bozack get the bo the bo the bo, bozack get the booooooeoeooooeeohzack get the booooooeoeooooeeohzack [Parrish Smith] Yo.. I don't play.. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: EPMD Album: Unfinished Business Song: Jane II Typed by: scott_rodkey@hotmail.com P - Hello hello, may I speak to the E? E - This is me... is this the doctor M.D.?  Yo P it's kinda early, who's there Laverner and Shirley?  Is it Kate and Allie, or some other girlie?  Well anyway, yo P you know I'm lazy  Callin me this time of hour you must be crazy P - Excuse me, but I'm sorry E Double  It's a terrible situation and it might cause trouble  Throw on your coat jump in your Benz and come over E - Why P? P - Yo, I think Jane is on my sofa E - What? P - Last night I was all alone  Cold watch the boob tube, because my fuse was blown  Picked up the bat phone, to drop a line to you  Maybe 10:15, or maybe 10:22 E - Where was I? P - I don't know, you wasn't there  Threw on the link Rolex watch and fresh gear  I grabbed my key, along with the cash flow  Shifted out the door to the local disco E - Where'd you go, not to that ran down pub P - Hell no... I was coolin at a club  It was Spanish night, so I was drinkin Molta  Threw on a little tango, plus a little salsa  Seen a fly girl, standin next to me  So I slid over to her very non-chalantly  She was DEF, body perfectly fit  She was packin, a 300-E with the kit  I said, "Kitten, how ya doin miss?"  I said, "Hello my name is Parrish" E - "Hi, my name is Cris" P - "Can I buy you a drink?" E - "Yes" P - "What will it be?" E - "A martini and Rossi, Asi Spumante.   By the way is that your Caadillac Allante   parked outside right next to my Monte   car? You can call it, my ex-husband bought it." P - Put my ego up here and said it's time to go for it  "This place is a drag, grab your coat and bag.   We'll have drinks on the house, back at my pad."  We got to my house we walked through the door  Threw on "Night and Day" by E - Al. B Sure P - She grabbed me, gave me kiss on the lips  So I grabbed the cold booty and caressed the hips  I got ahead of myself, because I wanted to flirt  Took off the G-strings and the V-neck skirt  Put my eho up here E - Yeah it's time to do work P - I felt the movement below so it's time to react  I went in my back utility belt anad pulled out a jim hat  I bust a move... when it came to that  But then she freaked it, and grabbed the bozack  Started dpom it, then she called me the master E - You got bigger, better, stronger and much faster P - At first I laughed, as if it was a joke  But then my heart skipped a beat, and I lost a stroke  I said to myself, oh no it couldn't be  The J to the A to the N to the E E - Yo P don't tell me it was Jane you were douchin  With the Anita Baker head P - Nah more like Whitney Houston E - While the record's still playing to Al B. Sure's "Effect Mode"  Stay tuned, to be continued on the next episode  Peace, I'm Audi 5000 The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: EPMD Album: Unfinished Business Song: Please Listen to My Demo Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Dub] Yo whassup P? [PMD] Yo nuttin man just coolin kick back in the studio wit DJ Scratch   and my man Frank B, reminiscin about how we was tryin to shop   our demo and everybody was dishin, youknowhatI'msayin? [Dub] Yo P tell em whassup man Verse One: Parrish Smith We was coolin in my car one day you see Clockin a double nickel on the L-I E When it dawned on us that it was, ten o'clock Turned on the tunes to hear the DJ's rock The hands got to clappin, the fingers got to snappin E and I was coolin, with his mans, he was snappin In and out of fantasies on how large we can get Coolin in rocks and Benzes with the ground effect kits I wanted black, E was on the two-tone Stupid boomin system with the hands-free phone The dream gets better and I would like to go on but I was brought back to reality by a toot of a horn Smoke everywhere, oh just what we needed On the way to shop our demo and the car overheated Feelin real low, low enough to die Holdin up traffic, on the FDR drive We had to play ourselves, in the fresh dipped gear E Double had to push while MD steered There went our dreams, to cruise in golden limos And all we kept sayin was please listen to my demo   Please listen to my demo (3X)   Please-please-please-ple-please listen to my demo Verse Two: Erick Sermon In the year eighty-seven when we first took off when I jumped to P-6-8 and broke North Walkin the big city streets of Manhattan Buildings, whole nine yards, so enchantin Thinkin if we got a chance, we could rock it Funky fresh demo tape in my pocket We was walkin, and got dissed twice today Then we stopped at 1974 Broadway We walked in with grins on our chins And P had juice from Mr. Virgo Simms He played the tape and we started to laugh Played ?if it was sock? and they swoop and backstab People start to smile inside we buckwhylin Sayin this all started back from freestylin They liked it, and they were very kind But me and P was like, "Yo E, where do we sign?" Went in the backroom, things was luvy duvy Met Ron Resnick, and his partner Juggy Things was cool, as I remembered We signed the dotted line, now we Fresh Record members Had dreams, of fancy cars and limos And I wanted was somebody, to listen to my demo   Please listen to my demo (3X)   Please-please-please-ple-please listen to my demo   Please listen to my demo (2X) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: EPMD Album: Unfinished Business Song: It's Time 2 Party Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Parrish Smith] It's, time, to, party ... "Now that I got your attention again I want to" [PMD] Party.. party.. party.. party * echoes left to right * [Erick Sermon] Get up, shake your butts, feel the rhythm of the cuts Walk around and strut, then a brother push up and start talkin, girls and boys are hawkin EPMD is live from New York and now I'm bout to rip house, straight up and jump Move your body, as the bass pumps and thumps This jam, is a crowd mover For the girl and the boy with the funky dope maneuver or for a so-called dancing machine Cause this record, is strictly for the club scene Get Off the Wall, this ain't Michael Jackson It's eighty-nine, it's time for some action Like dips and dope backflips while the girlies are movin, and groovin they hips Enough booty, you could be waxin Instead you in the corner, maxin and relaxin Get up, and move your body cause party people [Parrish Smith] It's time to party (4X) [Erick Sermon] Yo P break it down [Parrish Smith] Yeah "Uno, dos, tres, cuatro" ... [EPMD] It's time to party (2X) [Erick Sermon] Yo P break it down [Parrish Smith]  Yeah.. It's Friday night, no work til Monday To top it off you just got paid So you step to the club, boys and girls are GQ Before you go in, you drink a brew or two Strobelight spinnin, people grinnin You're coolin at the bar, drinkin vodka and gin and your body gets warm, your adrenaline is flowin People on the dancefloor sweatin and yellin hoe and you see this fly cutie... with crazy hips, plus a nice fine booty Your mind gets to scheamin, you start dreamin The liquor starts talkin, you get more self esteem and you step to this lady, "May I have this dance?" Then she takes you in your arms and she grabs your hands And while the disc jockey's yelling GET UP, GET UP GET UP, GET UP, and on the dancefloor the ladies are freakin moves, you never seen before Cut up shirts, miniskirts, the whole works Squeakin moves that make you squint and say "Damn that must hurt" -- stomachs are showin, aces blowin And while you're havin fun, spendin your dough and you reach into your pockets, you reach deeper And off goes your money beeper which means you're runnin low on the dough So you cool with the drinks and you limit your hoes You grab a seat in the corner, and play low key Askin yourself over and over how you spent a G Don't worry now, worry on Monday And get back on the dancefloor.. It's time to party (4X) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: EPMD Album: Unfinished Business Song: Who's Booty Typed by: eposton69@yahoo.com [Erick Sermon] Yo, at a hip-hop club was a girl I met She was hot you can bet, her body dripped with sweat I kicked it to her, and her name was Kim She said let's jet because she was ready for the Jim Browski I doubt thee E would front so like a real stunt, I rolled the Blunt She was ready, I could see in her face She said "let's jet" we went back to her place It was fat, she had a dope crib  She offered food, like some barbucue ribs I said "No thank you" not now honey How about some drink, yes some Gin Rummy After that, come here and sit down We put on tender Roni by Mister Bobbi Brown We waste no time, it was time to do it Put on some James Brown so we can get into it No kinky stuff, like ropes or handcuffs But when you love me please don't be ruff I said "listen, I'LL BE GENTLE, I'LL BE VERY GENTLE WHEN I'M LOVING YOOOOUUU, WHEN I'M LOVING YOOOOUUU. ...So I dipped, I abandoned ship threw in the anchor like on the boat tip That's what I get for trying to be a lover But never judge a book, by the damm cover I'm not dissing, but I don't like fishing And next time, I want to know who I'm kissing You can call me gay or a tutti-frutti But I won't touch it until I know who's Booty [Parrish Smith] Well I was maxin one day just minding my own Talking to E-Double on my car cellular phone When I seen this fly girl clocking her looks were temptating The look in her eye was the look of infatuation  So I put my car in park, turned my system down I said "Excuse me, are you new in town" She said "it's funny you asked I just got here today" I said "Yo, you need a lift because I'm going that way" She said "My mother always told me not to ride with strangers If I did, than my life would be in danger" I said "Yeah that's true, but I'm not you're everyday swinger" To tell you the truth, I'm a well known singer" Plus I was cold coolin 40 dawn in lap Wings on my fingers from my fisherman hat. She got in and said "Yo I never done this before"  I had to play my cards right to get my foot in the door. She got and she said "You a medical doctor?" I said "close but no cigar, I'm the microphone doctor Who performs open surgery, on MC's that are willing Except to try same them, I try to kill them" She said "Ooh that sounds exciting, please tell me more" You mean how we heinz and clock the G's or more. We got to her house and her moms wasn't home As we went to the room I sparked up the homegrown I was with it, felling nice from Old E Ready to get busy, and wax a cold booty. We got to her it was time to max Pulled out the Jimhat and strapped the Bozak I hit the lights, and next was the sack We started doing it, it was hard to produce Because the booty was cold kickin like They Call Me Bruce I had to cover my nose, not to ruin the mood  Because I know I wasn't fishing but I smelled seafood Smelled like shrimp or lobster, or tuna of the sea And it wasn't worth catching the A-the I-the D-to the S-oh yes The S is for safe sex  And as I glanced at the door, you that move was next But she pulled me close, and said "Let's get loose" And out of nowhere I yelled "Baby did you do..."  She said no P, cause I'm not a swinger I couldn't buy that as I smelled my forefinger I was playing myself plus my style was crampped I grabbed my keys and coat, and MD broke camp And as I walked to the door, the girl got moody I looked her eye to eye and said.. "WHO'S BOOTY" The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: EPMD Album: Unfinished Business Song: The Big Payback Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [P]	Aiyyo whassup E Double? [E]	Yo whassup man? [P]	Yo these crab MC's got us trapped up behind these walls man 	But I'm ready to break out of here and do this, yaknahmsayin? 	So what's the magic word? [Erick Sermon] Open Sesame, and let down the main gate Before you screamed EPMD, you shouldn't wait I roll with a posse, hey you tried to stop me Also yo, your brothers tried to pop me on the sneak tip, without me knowin so I keep goin, and my rhymes keep flowin On and on, and I don't quit I get pushed to the limit, and yo that's it Step by step, I put an end to your fun cause I'm the chosen one, yes me my son A young kid from the ghetto, a kiddie from the city I don't feel sorrow, and I have no pity to run up on you, and wax plus tax Your gold, your money, and from your eyes your contacts Then flex over, a hop skip and a jump to the next town, to go punk a chump MC's try to diss me, and try to bust caps I'm not havin it, and that means no haps Jack So get the bozack, only off the crack, that's wack This is the big payback .. [Parrish Smith] As I go and flow, to a different type of tempo (Why MD?) C'mon E, the P keeps it simple Plus I'm strikin like lightnin, throwin blows like Tyson Slayin MC's on the Q-T, sorta like a sniper So if a sucker don't like me, the feeling is mutual I took my rhyme to a lower RPM, then shift to neutral then crack a 40 (what kind) of Olde E To slay an MC (how) on the Q-T (So what's your name boy?) C'mon, you know it's M.D. So while I'm wreckin he's checkin, all the bodies that's left and a pile behind the stage, the P is like steppin off from the scenes, I see lights and si-rens Witness everywhere, but no one seen a thing When cops ask questions, my description is vague No answers at all, just bodies behind the stage One witness yells out, that he was dressed in black Stupid dookie link, with a Fisherman hat A cop said, "Yo, how'd he flee from the spot?" "In a black sports car, I think it was an Iroc but the windows were tinted, and we couldn't get a look" (Why?) There was smoke from the rubber he cooked The big payback .. [Erick Sermon] No Rome-et-oh, or Juliette romance story Just EPMD, the fame and the glory The rappin technique, somethin like fencin, dangerous It keeps you in suspense And you have to be cool, and plus have stamina Cause if you don't, I'm gonna end up stabbin ya in your guts, from the razor cuts And I'ma stick and pick, until your mind goes nuts It might sound gross, or make your stomach bubble But don't never ever ever, mess with E Double I'm like Jumpin Jack Flash, a Spy with an Eye I do no stunts, and I'm not The Fall Guy I'm just the E, the R-I-C-K, that's all Did some check one-twos, and some yes yes y'alls I'm the man of the hour, sweet to be sour (So what you sayin E?) I got "Soul power!" So dig it, as I kick it, keep your eyes open Cause a brother like me, is always scopin In fact, you should pack, because I cut no slack It's like that.. this is the big payback .. [Parrish Smith] If rappin was a tribe I'd be the chief commanche Had fat link, chunky rings, nuttin fancy So saddle up MC's, and off we go It's not a rodeo, but I carry a lasso Cause I'm back from vacation, cause suckers kept slippin Rappin off-beat, plus your tunes wasn't hittin They wanna claim a style on the M-I-C But I can rotate the state, cold rippin shows with E Cause whether maxin or relaxin, waxin or taxin Never step to a show without packin my partners, Mr. Smith and Mr. Wessun So nothin moves funny, at the rappin session I'm Strictly Biz and knuckles, no time for laugh or chuckles I drop clear lyrics, while your bass sound muffled (You sniff blow?) Hell no, and still flow and say go More or less do a show.. nah the only high I get, is when my fans yell HOE So get the bo-zack, because we're back to hack Here to let you know that it's the big payback .. [Parrish] Yeah that's right man, big payback in eighty-nine, yaknahmsayin? EPMD's in effect on the Unfinished Business tip ? and Tony, snappin necks The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: EPMD Album: Unfinished Business Song: Strictly Snappin' Necks Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Parrish Smith] Just when you thought it was safe to make records The rap duo is back, it's time to start wreckin E Double swingin high *scratch* I'm swingin low Washin wannabees down, with some H20 As I go blow to blow, toe to toe, flow for flow (Any has PMD?) Hell no! I'm blowin rappers off course, like the S.S. Minnow That's not your rhyme sonny, so please let go my Eggo 	"I hear voices sayin that's Erick Sermon" [Erick Sermon] Straight up, right now, I'm on a mission Front face the center and face your competition As I rock, you jock, and in shock and have fear -- when the E is on the spot (You pulled the mic handle: Joker, Joker, Joker) Yeah boy, you hit the jackpot So chill as I flex my skill and rap talent Smooth hardcore, no time for love ballads I'm not kickin the slow jams that's cool But nah the hardcore, that make the brothers act fool That's the way I would want stuff lookin The crowd yellin, and buckwhylin like Brooklyn boy 	"EPMD is in town" [PMD] No words at all boy 	"Strictly snappin necks!" 	"EPMD is in town" [PMD] No words at all boy 	"Strictly snappin necks!" [Parrish Smith] Welcome... and all aboard Crab tried to diss, now it's time to score People, tripped and flipped, when we splurged our gift To get paid off what we made, and also uplift A new way to sway, or should I say flow To keep the ladies screamin 'OW', the brothers yellin 'hoe' Now hold the O, and give me an intro A kick and a snare, now the green light to go I flex a rhyme on a rapper then proceed to wreck by break this mic in half, then put him in the yolk and snap his neck When five-oh roll, they say what's the M.O. Another rapper was hit, by Mister Slow Flow Cause on my second return, I had to come correct Takin nuttin but bodies, on the Unfinished Business tip I make the music, that makes a posse ill In they Jeeps or playin ball, or ready to chill Or maybe at the spot where you hang where it's hot Drinkin quarts of Old Gold, in the parkin lot But mainly at a concert where the place is packed Brothers yellin 'hoe', girlies on the bozack The system boomin, smoke everywhere People swayin side to side with they hands in the air A posse digs the music so they want to roll So they troop through the venue, scopin everyone's gold But whether you in New York, Detroit, L.A. or Miami Approach with caution, cause brothers pack jammies in they coat pocketbooks, and even they jock You on the wrong brother, and you bound to get popped 	"I hear voices sayin that's Erick Sermon" [Erick Sermon] Hurry hurry and step right up The best show on earth, EPMD yea word up And featuring the man on the cut He who don't believe can get the (macadamia) NUTS So whassup homeboy, there's any static? Do we have to ?? and get dramatic? Or can we cool and be jolly old chaps or break loose, pull out guns and bust caps? Nah, I don't think you want that so I cool, and instead I bust raps Like check one two, and you don't quit And match a funky dope rhyme that fits I say a rhyme and change the whole subject and still flow, and freak the whole public It can't be done, especially by a crab MC who came out the crack rehab You must be mad, in fact, kind of rad You not a smooth criminal, you soft and I'm bad Don't mean to brag, I'm just makin a point Some say I'm def, the old school say I'm the joint Fencin, no half-steppin, straight up and down I gets mine, so you should cool and lounge when 	"EPMD is in town" [PMD] No words at all boy 	"Strictly snappin necks!" 	"EPMD is in town" [PMD] No words at all boy 	"Strictly snappin necks!" [Parrish] SCSU! EPMD's in effect Snappin necks n cashin checks The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: EPMD f/ K-Solo Album: Unfinished Business Song: Knick Knack Patty Wack Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Erick Sermon] Yo, and special guests on my show is the K [K-Solo] To the S to the O-L-O [Parrish Smith] And me, the capital D, the O to C The a.k.a., the P the M the D [Erick Sermon] And me, the E to the D to the O to the U to the B to the L to the E [K-Solo] It's time P [Parrish Smith] To rip the M the I to C [Erick Sermon] So knick knack paddy wack give a dog a bone K-Solo (yo) I pass P the microphone [Parrish Smith] Nah black (why P?) to each his own So knick knack paddy wack give the dog a bone Aiyyo, I pass E the microphone [Erick Sermon] It's me, yes the MC Grand Royal who loves rappin, and to it I stay loyal I can't tell, you ain't caught up in my spell You dwell on the other crab MC's that fell apart from the start, that didn't know the art of rappin, to keep the people's hands clappin But it's me, I know the way it should be The flow slow, like me and PMD And that black, will make you real fat A real swinger, and a real cool cat like a jazz player, or someone on the accordion Producing crazy hits like, if I was Barry Gordy here's a tip, to show you how to rip a crab in half, and watch his posse flip So me, the E, I come equipped Heavy ammunition, so I don't have to dip So listen, to this funky fresh lesson The way I drop it, and the way that I was flexin So knick knack paddy wack give a dog a bone PMD (yo) I pass Solo the microphone [K-Solo] Yo I pass (why Solo?) to each his own Yo knick knack paddy wack give a dog a bone Yo, I pass P the microphone [Parrish Smith] As I take the stage, with the fresh dipped gear I start to show off, with throw your hands in the air because the older I get, the harder I kick Usin my rap-fu style from a rap-fu flick of my Bic oh shit another MC's lit like a Jack-o-Lantern, on the Halloween tip Cause as the bass thumps, VU meters peaks All pens and pads are drawn, as the teacher speaks Because a naughty rapper, tried to steal the flow but the buck stops here, cause I'ma let you know No swingin, or knuckles, strictly ammo Cause as I dust bust, crush, and then rush a sucker new jack, with no if's and's or but's You roll with the good times, we like to roll with Rush I drive a 'Ratti (I drives a Benz) you ride the bus So get out the mustard crab, because it's time to catch-up And in the act of war, P refuse to let up On a gonna-be, wanna-be, soon-to-be, whatever's clever in any type of weather, cause two birds of a feather always flock together So knick knack paddy wack give the dog a bone K-Solo, I pass E the microphone [Erick Sermon] I pass (why E? To each his own) So knick knack paddy wack give a dog a bone Aiyyo, I pass Solo the microphone [K-Solo] Yo, my style's aggressive, like a pit bull terrier Harder it sounds on wax, the more the merrier Maestro though, releases beats for me So I can rig up a hit and get paid easily People, gather round listen to flow Yo, so I can prove, that I'm the true Solo Too many suckers, have bit my name in vain Punk rappers thought I was sleepin, but Solo came to so many places, other rappers faces that called theirself Solo, I made em erase it I'm Solo, no name lender or pretender Yo, I am the Solo the on-ly solo contender Duck MC's, grab my name and bit it boldly Put it behind they name and ate this up like ravioli I heard on KISS, with Red Alert and Chuck A rapper said he went Solo, I said, "What the FUCK??!" My man came over, and said, "Yo, I thought we heard you" Joke's on you you heard a bitin ass crew They bit my name, I want it back, and it's a fact Yo PMD tell em (damn you shouldn'ta did that) Now for the record, what do I stand for One lonely rapper on the stage, who gets one, single applause Give me a break my brother My name stands for Kevin Self, Organization Left Others My name's no game for those who claim to use my name in vain cause their name sounds plain I remain the same, my flow of style won't change yo The name of the game is for the real Solo to explain I don't know was where you ran or came I know your vein I hate your name You're ashamed, playin the game that drove you insane That walk around puddles, snow and the rain With a cane, nothin to gain but shame And my momentum of the fast flow of rhyme'll get em tamed The pain of no fame, no title again, nobody but the real K-S-O-L-O to blame When I S-P-E, L-L, very W-E, L-L People all out there can T-E-L-L Rhymes that I got, or write will S-E-L-L For those who don't believe me, can go to H-E-L-L I'm from C-I, L-I, F-L-Y Like a B-R-I-D, in the S-K-Y Don't even T-O-Y to be dat's why L-I-N-E's belong to M-I-N-E I'm makin veche, some rappers imitate Yo f*ck it, Solo here's to make parties sway People, I won't take any kind of losses Battlin rappers grabbin the mic and usin resources Like household utensils, kitchen appliances... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: EPMD Album: Unfinished Business Song: You Had Too Much to Drink Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [P] Aiyyo whassup E man? [E] Yo coolin PMD [P] True true man, I just been lampin man [P] So what you been up to lately man? [E] Just been loungin man, knowhatI'msayin? [P] True true man, yo man, who's your boy over there man? [E] Oh that's my man from out of town [P] Oh word man? Yo whassup man? My name is P man [B] How you doin man? My name is Frankie Anto man [B] But my friends, they call me Frank B [P] Oh word man? Nice to meet you man [P] So yo man E, what you gettin into tonight man? [E] Yo P man I'm bout to flex downtown to this club [P] Word man? Yo man, that sounds cool man [P] I think I'm with that man - yo you wan' do that? [E] Let's do this man [P] Aight bet man [B] Yo, yo hold up wait a minute guys man [B] You guys mind if I go witchu to this club man? [P] Ahah aiyyo man E I don't know about that man [P] Last time we took somebody with us man [P] we had to carry him home man, he got out of control [P] The whole nine yars, yaknowhatI'msayin man? [B] Nah man, that's not me man, I can handle my liquor man [B] I just go to have a good time and DANCE man [B] Drinkin is no problem to me, stuff tastes like fruit punch [P] Are you sure man? [B] Positive man -- positively positive [P] Aight man, l-let's take him then [E] We went out that night [P] To a club downtown [E] That was very high class [P] And had boomin sounds [E] We went in [P] And we were dressed to impress [E] Fly women and girlies [P] Lookin their very best [E] We took a seat at the bar [P] Feelin brand new [E] Frank ordered drinks, no liquor [P] Just plain old brew [E] He finished it [P] Then he ordered one more [E] And another [P] And another [E] And that made four [P] He seen this fly girlie [E] Suave and deboinaire [P] Light skinned complexion [E] With long black hair [P] But this girl was ug-ly [E] I mean her body was through [P] But after four drinks or more [E] She looked like Paula Abdul [Frank B] You know what baby? You startin to look good You startin to look REAL good You startin to remind me of that superstar - Paula Abdul [P] The party was over [E] It was time to go [P] You insisted on drivin [E] When we said no [Frank B] Nah guys, y'know? I can drive myself home man That ain't gonna be no problem I drive better when I feel nice (P: Are you sure man?) Are you kidding me man? That stuff in there, that stuff in there taste like fruit punch I could drink that all night [E] So you got in your car [P] Swervin on the road [E] There was a cop in the bushes [P] On radar patrol [E] The light turned green [P] And you decided to stop [E] It turned red [P] You took off [E] And got pulled over by a cop Chorus: repeat 4X [P] You overdid it homes [E] You had too much to drink 	* police siren sound * [Frank B, Parrish Smith as the cop] 	Ah excuse me, can I see your license and registration please? I don't have my license registration right NOW But if you give me a chance, I can go home and get it 	Oh what are you a wiseguy son? No I don't mean to be a wiseguy officer The honest truth, what really happened is I just came from a plane from Dominican Republic By the time I got to Motor Vehicle, Motor Vehicle was closed 	Oh it was closed? Yeah it was closed 	Oh what's your name son? My name is Frankie Nato, but my friends, they call me Frank B How bout you officer - whatchu call yourself? 	Oh this guy's a real wiseguy 	Who's the young lady in the passenger seat? You don't know who that is? That's a superstar Paula Abdul, say hi Paula 	Oh yeah that's Paula Abdul? 	Have you been drinkin son? Oh no I don't drink man, the only thing I drink is fruit punch 	OK son you wanna turn your car off 	and leave the keys in the ignition and come with me please? Where we goin officer? 	I want you to come sit in the backseat 	and blow in this tube for me please Wait a minute, I ain't no faggot I never blow anything in my life, and don't plan to How bout you officer - you blowin anything? 	Just blow into the tube son Okay okay man * blows into the tube * 	Oh what's this man? Two point oh? 	Oh Guns'n'Roses dude! 	You might as well get ? 	cause you goin downtown sonny, you're drunk! So whatchu tryin to tell me officer? You tryin to tell me that that machine, tell me I'm drunk man? Somethin wrong with that machine That machine need a good fixin man That's what I think officer 	No you know what I think son? 	I think you need a good lawyer Let me tell you officer, I have a lawyer My lawyer is so good, SO SO good And by the time he's finished witchu, you gonna be workin in Alaska So dress warm, as a matter of fact I suggest you go out and buy yourself a sheepdog Cause it gets BITTERLY cold out there Chorus [E] Have you ever been coolin [P] On a Friday night [E] Wit your friends gettin wasted [P] Just feelin nice [P] You continued to drink [E] When you know you should stop [P] The next thing you know [E] You're behind is caught [P] Your body gets numb [E] So you slow up the pace [P] Your mouth gets watery [E] And you can't feel your face [P] You finally make it home [E] And the fun begins [P] You try to pass out [E] But here comes the spins [P] So you turn and toss [E] Then you toss and turn [P] Your head gets light [E] And your chest starts to burn [P] So you lay on your stomach [E] And you tuck in your chin [P] Pail by your bedside [E] Now the breathing begins [Frank B] Oh, oh God, just let me get through this last one If you let me make it If you let me make it through the night God I promise I'll never have another drink again I'll never drink again, as long as I live 	* pukes several times * Chorus [Parrish] You overdid it Hey yo this is EPMD tellin you not to drink and drive Cause ain't nuttin cool about chillin in a coffin six feet under YouknowwhatI'msayin? [Frank B] Yo, this is Frank B And learn from others mistakes homes! [Parrish] And don't let peer pressure get to you Cause it costs you, or your life, or somebody else's life in the long run [Erick] And it's like that And if you don't believe you can get the bozack [Parrish] See-ya! [Frank B] 5000 The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: EPMD Album: Unfinished Business Song: It Wasn't Me, It Was the Fame Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Erick Sermon] As the wind sets the mood, it's time to let off A sucker tried to play me, the E I'm not soft I'm very hardcore, droppin bombs like Warsaw It reminds me, back in 1984 when I went to a party with the master plan to step up, and put the mic in my hand Everybody was there, from junior high to high schools Dyin to get busy, because I knew I had the tools Then I got the heart and went by the set I said, "Yo, I wanna rock the set"	"Yeah no sweat" Kickin rhymes in the place, people couldn't take it The style I flowed, the way I shaked and baked it Later on I made a record, and got recognition Everybody's jockin, now nobody's dissin Written and produced by the new rap duo Yes EPMD, now I'm known in school I see the backstabbers, and the elderly creature features that used to diss me, when I was tryin to reach the tip tip-top and I won't stop To be the master, in the field of hip-hop I did that, and got a name for myself The image of E, and all of my wealth I see my fake friends, but things ain't the same Oh what a shame, I diss em Who to blame? It wasn't me it was the .. "Fame!" [P] It wasn't me it was the .. "Fame!" [Parrish Smith] Before I cut records I had dreams of livin large Earnin crazy cash flow, the whole nine yards But when I told my college friends they kicked back and laughed Said, "You better grab your books and take your behind to class" They said, "You couldn't make a record and expect to get paid cause there's too many def rappers in the world today" I said, "Yo, my name is M.D. and my style is def" They said, "Your name is Parrish son, you're like all the rest Frontin you gettin a contract, but then you 'fess" But when you heard my record playin, your mouth was wide open Your head was tilted back that you was almost chokin But I just lounge, and cool with the fellas Like my roomie D-Wade, Top Notch, and James Ellis I never hung with girls, only one and she was mellow First name was Terry, last name Romanello My records started sellin then P withdrew from the college Southern Con, known as SCSU But when I often go and visit they say, "P bust a rhyme" I shake my head and then chuckle, and throw up the peace sign They wanna feel my gold and sport my Rolex but P reply it's really nothin, and don't like to flex And when I step up on the scene I always hear them whisper "Yo P's not the same, did you see him diss you?" I go deep into my thoughts, then I questioned my brain It wasn't me, the money, or the fortune, it was the .. "Fame!" [P] It wasn't me it was the .. "Fame!" [Erick Sermon] Oh! Now you wanna know me, before you wasn't speakin Now you watch Yo! MTV Raps every weekend Just to see me, the E and the P Coolin out on the scene, with Fab 5 Freddy Back then you didn't know, that I was determined to be a def rapper with the name Erick Sermon To be a crowd mover, someone that cause trouble Then I thought, and came up with E Double I can't forget, how they used to diss Sayin he can't rap, because he talks with a lisp But I got paid, now you feel stupid Amazed by the style the sound and how we looped it Now I clock G's, trunk jewels, and star trims Cool around town, and flex my black Benz Definitely hooked up, with the system that cranks Livin well off, with the ? in the bank EPMD, is Erick Parrish Makin Dollars Always on tour, so you can call us roads/Rhodes scholars You saw me in eighty-seven, where have you been because we miss you I dismissed you, it wasn't me who dissed you, it was the .. "Fame!" [E] It wasn't me it was the .. "Fame!" [Parrish Smith] As I freak a funky style, to a funky fresh rhythm I use my crazy def talent, that God has given me to flow slow, and still live large To drop a def LP, and catch MC's off guard Because my friends started buggin, we used to cool at the mall But on the S.T., the Sneak Tip, they prayed for my downfall I used to cruise by in my rock and always hear them mumble "They got lucky on Strictly Biz but watch the next one crumble" My father always told me to wisen up son Cause if you hung with nine broke friends, you're bound to be the 10th one So I cut my friends off, and P went for self Me and Erick Sermon, and no one else Strictly writin def lyrics to my best ability With the crazy imagination as my only utility Cause MC's around my way brag how def they are But now they workin full time, and sharin their mom's cars Always frontin to the girls, how hard you can rock But you leave out how you carpin to go punch the clock Yeah we came hittin hard, so all the talkin had to halt But don't blame us, blame God, it's his fault For assistin us on the mission of a point of no return to do a crab MC, who did not learn Now when you're hot you're hot, and when you're not you're not And when it comes to funky music, the two rock the spot So next time you see me coolin, bite your lip and respect Between me and you sonny, straight up, I'm like death I cooled on the Run tour, with Flavor and Chuck Jazzy Jeff and the Fresh Prince but I guess that was luck I did shows in crazy countries, like Europe and France Copenhagen, Denmark, and Amsterdam I even been to our country, that they call Africa Keep your eyes on your girl, cause P'll be watchin around the tick tick'n, yo check out P rippin A new way to sway, cause brothers keep vickin Flows and echoes, that sound exact But you're rhymin in circles, and you ain't sayin jack So take it in stride, by the way I'm still the same First name is still Parrish, Sue's my girl, nuttin changed You insist I act funny, but who's to blame? It wasn't Yo! MTV Raps, the money, or Soul Train It was the .. "Fame!" [P] It wasn't me it was the .. "Fame!" * DJ K. La Boss cuts up "Fame!" * [Erick and Parrish talk to outro] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: EPMD Album: Business as Usual Song: I'm Mad Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash ("Let's take it to the stage, sucker!") [Erick Sermon] + (Parrish Smith) It's the E and I'm smokin; wild like Tone Loc I'm roastin, bakin MC's, the E I'm not jokin So back up... punk, slack up Watch your weak posse, before they get smacked up One by ONE, two by TWO, three by THREE Yo P... (what's up E.D.?) Pass the uzis to blow up, any wack MC that show up There goes one, blast him now (E hold up) {Don't make me wait...} Because it might be too late, the punk might escape and buck wild, and in fact bite my style And I'ma catch a bullshit charge, plus trial It's my thing to swing, your first mistake to bring a duck MC that can't hang Don't forget, I'm crazy swift My name is Erick Sermon (yeah and I'm Parrish Smith) I could act foolish, start blastin Ha hah, ha hah, now who's laughin? I'ma let ya slide but you owe me Next time you see me (holla like ya know me) I'm mad [Chorus 4X: DJ Scratch] {*"Here's a little story I've gots to tell" - Mike D, Beastie Boys*}  {*"I'm mad!"*} [Parrish Smith] My life story I tell straight from the heart When suckers tried to crash my shit straight from start A young black kid, destined for success No Olde Gold, no cocaine, or buddha sess Straight up hard work, no sleep and no shorts Brainstormin with the skills that Pop Duke taught to keep swingin, yeah and not to quit Now I ride the Benz, you ride the dick with your punk friends, straight up pussy from Punk City My attitude's fucked up, and real shitty From the backstabbers, yeah my so-called friends Who swim in my pool, when it's time flex the Benz around town, windows down as the sound pounds Cool J tape or K-Solo's _Spellbound_ With fly girlies tippin, brothers grippin and sippin Olde Gold, Red Bull, hands on my dick and I'm just lampin with my EK shades Truck jewels, obviously the man's paid But of course not, brother can't get his props Like for instance, when I cruise up the block in my 560 lampin on my Metro phone Chrome kit beamin all off your dome And like a sucker, yeah you looked the other way That's when I know you're on my dick kid; but it's okay It's normal - relax, your whole head's busted Caught in the rap skit, and couldn't be trusted Cause my sounds pound from here to Okinaw-yy {*kiss*} Peace and I'm Auuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuudi [Erick Sermon] Stay tuned to this last episode When I rock the house and the mic explodes This is not, the buckwild style that I be usin In fact black, it causes ("mass confusion") It's a fallout, when sucker MC's and crowds call out my name, oh what a shame I got ("FAME!") [Parrish Smith] + (Erick Sermon) I'm not a new jack, my rhymes are not whack, and in fact I'm like Clint Eastwood 'stead of bullets, rhymes I pack in my flow gun, so son you better run Cause when it comes to hostage and prisoners, we take none We move wax like kilos {*DJ Scratch break*} And when my jam hits the streets, the sounds explode Watch the right hook, duck the death blow Jack I wonder where the E and the P's at (Can they do it again?) You bet your ass, black (See you in ninety-one) Until then, get the bozack! (I'm mad) [Chorus] - DJ Scratch ad libs to end The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: EPMD f/ Redman Album: Business as Usual Song: Hardcore Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash "Hardcore.. to make the brothers act fools" {*4X*} [Parrish Smith] When I turn the party out, all hands is in the air Some say it's chill, New York throw chairs It's the punk funk sound to make a sane man flip Girls rush the stage, faggots cold dip low, to avoid the caps and blows By the gangbangers, at the b-boy shows where the cops, try to control the crowd But they can't, system's cranked, "So Wat Cha Sayin"'s pumpin loud Blows are thrown, heads are flown like Pan-Am Brothers lickin off like the Son of Sam and The bass, continues to thump Some brothers hit the parkin lot, to go pop trunks Hoes are slapped, jewels are snatched Brothers are caught in the crossfire without no caps And on my way out, I heard a sucker scream and shout {AHHH! NIGGAZ!} "Niggaz," yeah cold turn the party out [Erick Sermon] Rap combat is where it's at and I attack any crab MC, that's down with the wack And I wreck, and if I can I snap a neck Throw a knockout blow, and look for a tech I'm terror, new edition to rap era I can't be beat, I'm too sweet plus clever I'm smart, yes, I'm a so called genius I'm equipped with the thinkin cap they call keenness And yo, with that, I can break fool Especially when the posse is thick and got tools Makes me feel good cause they got steel No blasters or cap guns son, the real deal K-A, microphone wrecker E-D The O, the U, the B, the L to the E Rockin on, word is bond, so abandon ship My name is Erick Sermon now watch out when I flip I'm far from a chump, I'm hardcore like Brooklyn Mess with me, and get your manhood took-en [Redman] I got it goin on, since I'm up next to flex You bet I drop heavy so girls grab your Kotex I catch fits when I blitz a rhyme grit And my lip gets to the point, to rip some mo' fly shit Redman ready to rock rough rhymes Renegade rapper, rip when it's rhyme time Punk push a pen and pencil when I'm pissed Pack pistol posse, flow some more pro shit Fee-Fi-Foe-Fum, funky to floor, ay Fuck ya freak words for foreplay Quickly, quiet is kept, never quack On the Q-Tip I quote, I throw lines like a quarterback A monster, murder motherfucks like Manson A madman ,who mutilize men with 9-M-M Bullets blow bad, brother back to back I slam Bread and butter, break beats to Bam Bam Jump off the jim before I jack my johnson I jam like Janet, chew MC's like Swansons Dennis stamp dummy, I'm diggin a dungeon Can you dig that I dig deep, to destroy dumb-dumbs? Yes, I yam what I yam when I jam, bro My afro's in the house (YO YO YO!) Long as I live large, life will be luxury Ladies in Lamborghinis, love is like luck to me Nasty nigga, competition is none From Newark, New Jersey, knock heads like Mike Nunn Shit, grab the steel when I'm strokin Smoke with shotguns but the sign said no smokin Cool it kiddo, I control from sea to sea Cut like Chuckie, plus style is cock-D Superman Lover, cool from the new school Hold your breath, while I walk holdin my jewels [Chorus] - ad lib scratches to fade The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: EPMD f/ LL Cool J Album: Business as Usual Song: Rampage Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro] Yeahhh... funk... {*gong sound*} Yeah, slow down baby Uhh - slow down baby Uhh - slow down baby Yeah - slow down baby [Parrish Smith] Yeah LL Cool J in the house (slow down baby) knahmsayin? EPMD in effect (slow down baby) Snappin necks, cashin large checks (slow down baby) All the non-believers can cold get the dick (slow down baby) Y'knahmsayin? (slow down baby) Cause this is daddy mack, king of the bozack All my friends knows that (slow down baby) Mix the master down... As I kick it like this (slow down baby) Cause you can get rugged, tough, hard like P Tried to play my man but you couldn't touch me You faggot, no comp' rapper on a quest To get your head flown boy, you must be loc' on sess Cause many often wonder is M.D. paid You're God damn right punk, stay outta my way Cause I clock G's while you clock Z's And I don't smoke crack - I smoke MC's So pick up a pen, cop a squat, and take note A rapper suffered from bleedin, sprains and slit throats Cause my style, deadly psychopath schizophrenic A rapper choke like a carburetor, freeze up and panic Cause I clock pesos, don't sell llello 'Nother word for cocaine mi amigo That's Spanish, terminology for friend Now sit back and ride my bozack as I send Bass funk, with beats that thump For speakers and amps, cold lined up in my trunk My system's crankin my headlights are blinkin Brothers ridin my tip L, at the same time thinkin DAMN How could a brother be so nice? Cause I'm the capital, P-E twice, M-D-E twice I choose to squeeze, some choose to fight I like to write but then again some bite And while you was bangin on tables; I was bangin Snow White - P! {*DJ Scratch: "On a rampage!"*} [LL Cool J - over Chorus] Slow down baby Yeahhhh - slow down baby Uhh yeah - slow down baby Uhh - slow down baby The Ripper, the master, the overlordian Playing MC's like a old accordion I get the inspiration from unnecessary station Them sayin I was vacationin You can't quote with your weaker throat Tryin to sneak a peek at how I freak the notes Major MC's become minor B-flats So retire the mic, get your chains and your bats Here's your chance to advance, get in your stance I shoot the holster off your cowboy pants Pure entertainment, tonight's your arraignment You're guilty - face down on the pavement! No holds barred, it's time to get scarred You and your squad better praise the real God The undertaker, droppin thunder on fakers When it comes to lyrics I'm as freaky as Seka So lay the mic down slow and careful Cause mine is fully loaded and I got another handful A clip to slip in and start rippin Divin and dippin and givin punks a whippin (aww shit) Just in case you wanna go a few rounds or so I'm down so that you clowns'll know Me gettin burnt or hurt won't be tolerated I got rhymes up the huh - forget it I'm constipated - L! [LL Cool J - over Chorus] Slow down baby Uhh yeah - slow down baby Yeah - slow down baby {E Double in the house!} Yeah [Erick Sermon] When I come around homeboy, watch your nugget A master on the beatdown, my style's rugged When I attack the microphone, close the zone Rap sees danger, can't roam Security's packed and wall to wall can't fall A rap tank is full so I can't stall My microphone is filled with premium Any whack MC that flexes, I'm creamin him Not with lotion, bust the motion Flotation when I rock on the mic, I'm like coastin I'm unique, fatigued at my peak you still seek a style cause yours extra weak New method, to rip the stage at my age And get loose and kick, like Bruce in a rage I'm on a rampage [Chorus] - 2X [over Chorus] Slow down baby {*7X*} [ad libbed scratches and "Slow down baby" repeat to fade] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: EPMD Album: Business As Usual Song: Manslaughter [PMD] Manslaughter (repeat 4X) Verse One: Erick Sermon Code name E-D, check on the one two three Black male hard MC Rap record slave, a brother on the scene with a machine gun and one magazine Wanted, a half a million for the body alone Two million for the microphone If you see him, dial 5 dash slayer A hotline to the governor and mayor He's armed wit ammo, a weapon that's mine All black in rap, strap tech nine Silencer clipped, check the rip on the sneak tip The boy's about ta flip Manslaughter (repeat 2X) They call him manslaughter Manslaughter Verse Two: PMD Code name MD, rappin fanatic No short taken, black Asiatic Hit man, keeps my belt unbuckled Book a look on my grill with no signs of a chuckle Or laughter, cause my name ain't Casper The Friendly Ghost, but I smoke an MC if I have to Quick fast like Alakazoo, Alakazam And I'll be damned, cuz my rhymes slam like Bam-Bam Rubble, partner code name is E-Double It's those hazel green eyes that keep my man in trouble Girls ride the tip, brothers on his sac I had to change my name to Bruce Wayne, also known as Bat- Man, and grab the bozack wit this hand As I slay ya manslaughter Manslaughter They call him manslaughter Manslaughter Verse Three: Erick Sermon Mad man fully strapped and I quote Don't flex, last chump who did, he got smoked Undercover, not D-T but E-D And wonder why you're spinning my records on thirty-three I'm the original, never did crime, I'm no criminal No static, pack a forty-five automatic Black cat strapped in rap, holding my Johnson Walking the streets, a vigilante Charles Bronson As the beat kick, face his plate on the M1 done Style's sharper than the blade in Shogun First suckers disrupt the brain of a sucker MC That can't count one two three I manage to damage, I roast the whole membrane Insane, like a basehead doing cocaine I kill a farmer, plus his daughter Cause I'm the E-Double, and this is manslaughter They call us manslaughter They call it manslaughter Manslaughter Verse Four: PMD As I stare deep into the mirror, I could only resort To a hardcore gangsta, penile train of thought You're stomped out, you're beat down, you go big top shit Run your trunk jewels or get, pistol whipped Cause I'm too swift to slip or miss a stitch on my rap hit Sleep on a sucker and you still can't get with me bro, wit this flow and I don't know Judo Gunflow is my style, say this so that you know There's no time to dance or romance with a nuisance Play ya like a puppet to put some lead in ya pants Then off you go to the rap rat pack Be stripped of your mic, punk on your head we stamped bozack That's what the doctor ordered Take two of these, dead, manslaughter They call it manslaughter They call it manslaughter Manslaughter To the farmer and his daughter, manslaughter The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: EPMD Album: Business as Usual Song: Jane 3 Parrish Smith: One hot summer day back around the way A new kid moved onto the block and his name was Jay Jay was cool, he trucked jewels, packed a nine mil yeahhh, and kept his Smitty's on his tool Erick Sermon: Anyway Jay portrayed to be like gard So we took him in, and put him down with the Hit Squad His house was phat, full court in the back Jacuzzi in his bedroom, a welcome on the doormat P - Plus AZT, full house alarm system  One rottweiler, one pitbull, no one could vic him E - Something strange about the crib, I had to think  Why the whole god damn house was dressed in hot pink P - Yo Jay, where's your bathroom, bust a move I gotta piss E - Three doors on the left homeboy, ya can't miss P - My head was busted E - Disgusted P - I said, "What's goin on?"  I seen a douche bag, and Safety maxi-pad tampons E - Left the bathroom, went back where I was P - Tapped Jay on the shoulder and said, E - "Eiyyyooo cuz" P - "I thought you lived alone" E - "I do" Parrish Smith: "Are you certain?  There's bras and leotards, hangin on the curtain  Yo Jay what's your problem, homeboy you look stunned  What are you doin? Put down that knife... where's my gun?" Shit's thick, I reached for my tool I wasn't strapped Left the nine in the car, right next to the jim hat It's my ass, I better think fast real quick I got a flashback *AHH* from a Bruce Lee flick Got in my stance E - Don't lie P - Kay I broke for the door  Tripped on some bullshit in the living room floor  Jay rushed me, I grabbed him, scooped him up in the yoke E - Ahh Shit P - Kicked him in the nuts E - That's ALL she wrote P - It was like Rapunzel E - Rapunzel? P - Down came his hair E - Titties popped out P - And there was ass everywhere E - Jay a transvestite? P - Not quite he was more like  *J to the A to the N to the E* E - Yo P, don't tell me, you went out like a sucker P - Chill, took off that mustache, grabbed that ass and I fucked her  Peace, I'm Audi 5000 *laughing* E - Audi 5000 P - Ahh shit!  All of that real shit, you know what I'm saying? E - Jane? Haircut, haircut like Anita Baker? P - The whole shit. Yo E, the whole shit, you know what I'm saying?  Nah you can't man, I ran right up in her like Bruce Jenner E - But better P - Right in there man, I didn't even care, are you crazy?  Was that holdin me up? E - Don't tell me it was Jane you were juicin P - Sheiit, kick it E! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: EPMD Album: Business as Usual Song: For My People Hereeeeeee we go.... Verse One: Erick Sermon The E-R-I-C-K S-E-R-M-O-N I'm dark skinned, pack a mac 10 More menace and I'll wreck the whole damn set Smash (yes) you ain't seen *shit* yet Yes, a fact, a black nine mil is what I pack In the front of my waist, right next to my bozack A safety, for the suckers that hate me I haven't had to bust a couple of rounds lately I hope not, it's no fun getting shot Cause when I cock, I aim straight for the knot I don't miss, I have a scope, no jokin You should hope, that disco appearance like broke Mass destruction when I start crushin and bustin Duck MC's, I'm bumrushin Swift wit the trig, there's nuff foes equipped Real deal, of course, I pack steel, shit's thick I'm not dumb, to walk the streets, they kept us swinging by A punk chump wit spunk, who dares to jump By the hour, I push power like Hiroshima Got dropped on by USA and like cleaned her I manage to damage people without a sequel This is for my people Verse Two: PMD Check out the main attraction, black man in action Number one crowd mover, I break backs in Boy, you shoulda known what EPMD stands for Sucker snappin necks, bustin caps, and breakin jaws It's Erick and Parrish Making Dollars Excel, living well, taking no shorts and why bother to whine while I dine, sounds genuine You walked in wrong camp, punk, stepped on a landmine Boom bang, bust the slang that I bring From Brentwood, Long Island, all the way to Sing-Sing Yes the penile, peace to brothers on trial For some *bullshit* charge, mugshot on file For hard time, thump beats like an Alpine No Sam Suey sole shoe shoot joints, back a tech nine Yes the brother's back wit no knife or ax Just a microphone, sucker, it limits that pack Def blows and flows, quadraverbs and echoes Sounds the pound hard to make an MC petrol My nine mil, kitted wit the infrared beam Something similar to a Roger Moore scene That's James Bond, 007, wit guillotine To keep the Hit Squad hype to fly heads like the A-Team Don't bug or miss, bug on the sequel For this *shit* I kick, it's strictly for my people (PMD gives shoutouts) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: EPMD Album: Business As Usual Song: Mr. Bozack (P: PMD, E: Erick Sermon, B: Both) P: Good morning Mr. Bozack, time to wake up the nuts  (For what) to hit the shower, so I can wash the butt E: Damn (Last night was crazy) word life, I had a blast P: It was ass for days, nuts had a full tank of gas E: Golly, G, word P, tits and VD P: Pussy kicking louder than my Alpine Benzi, box E: Yes, I fresh, sweet like gumdrops  Pay me like Oprah and no one to cockblock P: Slow down big fella (why) I think you're gassing me E: P, get off my big dick, chill, stop harrassing me P: Your dick, you mean my dick and don't forget  Now let me scrub that head because it smells like fish B: Mr. Bozack (repeat 2X) E: That's your fault, black (explain) no jim hat  You got in some fly shit and stuck me in bear back  Smarty, what happened over there at the party  Was it Vodka and smeared on a bit of Bacardi P: No dick (don't call me that) sorry Mr. Bozack  But you didn't help, talking bout (where the hoes at) E: I was hard (how hard) hard enuff to buck  (Shit, you didn't rush the pussy) see, I stuffed her like a duck P: Mr. Bozack (what) you went out like a sucker E: Not me, G, P, cuz you the one who bucked her P: Hachoo (God bless you) damn, here's a tissue E: Yo, P I'm feeling sick P: Relax, what can I get you, Tetracycline E: No a penicillin cap, it burns P: Yo, chill Mr. Bozack E: No, I can't believe that (cool Jack) screw that  All you had to do was wear a jim hat P: I reached for one, but didn't quite make it  She grabbed on your head piece, I couldn't quite take it  Now lounge Mr. Bozack, stop cryin like a wuss  Now bone up the nuts, g, cuz yo, there's more puss E: Look, P, the B-O-Z is like Audi P: Audi like who E: Motherfuckin Kurt Gowdy It's the jim... owwww, it burns Don't worry, G, I'll have ya hooked up on Friday We'll go get the shot real quick Everything will be copestetic Oh what the hell all, got to stab this hoe cake right? The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: EPMD Album: Business As Usual Song: Gold Digger *scratching* Brothers, things done got too far gone (tell em bout it)     We got ta let the girls know what they gotta do for us! Verse One: Erick Sermon Oh what the heck, let's get married and have a son named Erick No big deal, no sweat Hmmm, I was in for a big surprise And when I saw the judge hammer pass my green eyes Brainlocked, my whole damn head was malfunctional Cause I forgot to co-sign a prenuptial, agreement Now her case is hard like cement I have no files on all the money she spent She has a car, nineteen ninety brand new Jaguar Fly kit, with chrome rims that's five star that she bought, when I was away on tour Hittin' my bank account, gettin more and more money She got paid, it wasn't funny Talkin to myself - oh you big big dummy Just my luck, that I'm stuck with a marriage And a baby, who lays in a gold carriage Now I can't leave, if I do she gets half (not the cash) Oh yes, the whole damn bash of money So I chill, and act so sweet Kiss her feet, can't picture bein in the street So I give a fake smile, and a fake laugh Fake everything so I can keep all my cash Fake talk, like I love you so much But wishin, she gets hit by a Mack truck Next time, if there's one I'll know That most women strictly out for the dough They're called gold diggers   Cause she's a gold digger (3X) Verse Two: Parrish Smith The P had a close call, quiet as kept I dated this "Flyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy girl" Yeah, and almost got vicked She had green eyes, thunder thighs, and a def body (so what cha sayin) Top it off, she drove a black Maserati Chrome kit, with a smile I couldn't resist I tapped E on the shoulder and said, "Yeah I gots to get this" (P cool, she could be a gold digger) Not with that smile and that stupid boomin figure til one day, she spent the crazy dough Ten G's on Levi's, cold went Rambo But then she smiled, gave me a back massage Gassed my head up, and said (oh P you're so large) Like a jerk, I went for the line like a fish But she was far from dream girl, and more like a death wish She likes to sit back, lamp, walk on plush rugs Whip my five-sixty sip Moet and bug (so did you flip?) Tried to but she cut me off And said, "Guess what?" (what) "I'm pregnant" (pregnant? damn) Yeah and the child is yours So to fellas, who wanna keep they cash Or beware of the jack hammer and the helmet that glows Cause she's a gold digger   Cause she's a gold digger (3X) Verse Three: Erick Sermon, Parrish Smith [E] That's why, men in the 90's must watch themselves [P] Cause ladies of the 80's got hip and went for self  With the new divorce laws, which entitles them half [E] That means the house goes [P] The car [E] You and half your cash [P] What a price to pay, but if you play you pay  Cause women of the world they got smart today  They flash a smile and profile [E] A pucker with a strut [P] Try to move in [E] Knock the boots [P] And got stuck, with alimony payments [E] Time to meet Judge Wapner [P] You try to flip and cut, but she smiles 'cause she gotcha  You get a flashback to wedding, when you vowed the vow  Said the two deadly words [E] I do [P] But look now, you lost the house [E] The car [P] Eatin TV dinners in a one bedroom apartment [E] Boy you picked a winner [P] But what goes around, comes around [E] That's why she wheels the Benz [P] And you ride Greyhound  Oh, just your luck, they on strike  Take off the wedding band, put out the thumb, time to hitch-hike  And the more you walk the pain from your corns get bigger (Now you know)  Not to mess with a gold digger   Cause she's a gold digger (repeat 3X) [P] Yeah EPMD's in effect, DJ Scratch runs flex boy  Hit Squad in effect in the house [E] Large!!  Yeah, she get half The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: EPMD Album: Business As Usual Song: Give the People Chorus: *sung hook from an R&B record* Got to give the people Give the people what they want Ladies and Gentlemen  (repeat 2X) Verse One: Erick Sermon When I came out with my first rap jam I had no idea that the record would slam It did real good without radio play Maybe at night but no airplay in the day I couldn't understand why to be exact Our music was good and I was far from wack Then came the answer, commercial was the key To get airplay and a spot on TV Like Ed Lover and Doctor Dre from Yo! MTV Raps A show, mainly for the black And still we can't ill, cause to them that's wrong Cause like P.E. said, we're too black and too strong But hey, what can I say (Brothers and sisters) that's a price a rapper must pay Chorus Verse Two: PMD As airwaves collapse rap shows at a standstill Some racial circuits the frequencies can't handle The funk tracks produced by EPMD But it's a fat jam, that will never win a grammy Unless we sellout and kill the black movement dead Which means swallow our pride and become flunkies instead And stop the rap about freedom, thoughts of a black president And rap about a black crack, the mayor in our residence Give me a break brothers, it's time to take a stand And kill that no sir, yes sir, and thank you ma'am Cuz the word is a luxury a black man can't afford That's why poverty's on the rise and we still ignored And it's a setback and yet the clock still ticks And if we let it, rap would be run by politics I read it somewhere that every man's created equal But not in this day and age, maybe in the sequel Which means next time, so observe these rhymes And take a stand and go for yours cause I'm going for mine That's why I Chorus Verse Three: Erick Sermon, PMD Why is that when wrong is done by the black  It's blown out of proportion and immediately attacked By the press and yes, conflict is caused  By the kids at concerts who bumrush the doors One child gets hurt, the press gets pesty  But what about the Beatles, G, and Elvis Presley Same stuff was rough, rap does not cause violence So (Fight the Power) and make them understand But too much power and you might get banned So if you want airplay  You can't be too black and hey, watch what you say, but ayo Chorus: to fade The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: EPMD Album: Business as Usual Song: Rap is Outta Control Tom J is in the house (repeat 2X) Rap is outta control (repeat 6X) Verse One: Erick Sermon G, man, do I have the power like He-Man To crack a wack MC's head, open like a pea can Damn, my name should become Sam But I prefer, a grand royal for the jam I'm putting heads out, the guns I use to pump lead out Hey son, I suggest that you head out I total, cremate, strikin mic flakes I won't break, I make more nerds than a earthquake Strong, got more strength than King Kong I'm worldwide, I'm interviewed like Kaity Chung I'm on now, live at 12, it's so dope All the way to 4 o'clock, there no soaps I'm able to rock the mic nice and stable It's a chance that you might see me on cable Vision, Showtime or HBO with the flow Getting more play than Rambo Aiyyo, whatta you know, party people, rap is outta control Rap is outta control, it's definitely, fuckin outta control Rap is outta control, rap is definitely is outta control It's outta control, rap is outta control Verse Two: PMD Straight from the underground, where universal beatdown is a mush Yo, I stuck crab MC, E (too late, he got crushed) Was he a pop rap singer, R&B swinger Faggot who jumped the gate and now you get the finger In other words, it's absurd to try to get wit The brother from Brentwood, Long Island, nicknamed Swift Lip I'm too smooth and yes, I groove to the slam track Wit a Beck's in my right hand, left hand on bozack I moved on ya posse, first reaction was "Oh shit Let's do that brother, hell no (why) he's too quick" So dial 1-900-55-eat-shit I pack a twelve shot nine mil and yes I still kick (What) ass like a jock (height) 6'3" and stocky (Rap name) not Balboa, so motherfuck Rocky I'm the mainstream supreme, slamming like Aikeem The Dream, and yes sometimes it may seem that Rap is outta control (repeat 2X) Sure dude, rap-rap-rap-rap-rap, for sure dude Rap is outta control, yes, yes y'all, yes y'all Yes y'all, yes y'all, kick it E Verse Three: Erick Sermon, PMD I stand tall, I won't fall, I recall Ha ha, your rhymes stall When I bust caps, until they Kryptonite caps I reign of steel, I swap bullets like that I'm like, Superman, fly high up in the sky And if you try to shoot me down, clown, I won't die I cremate I hate, let's exterminate Wait for a second, E, time to debate As I take my fisherman hat off, there's no hat For an MC on a trail of a mad comeback The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: EPMD f/ Redman Album: Business As Usual Song: Brothers on My Jock Chorus: Parrish Smith (from 'So What Cha Sayin') Brothers on my jock for the way I hold a piece of steel (4x) So what cha saying Verse One: Redman I go wild as I sip from a cold Lowenbrau Set up rhymes like fire to gunpowder Boom, did the bassline crank From being rated R, from being top rank I'm hard like an erection Phrases might get too tough to break down in sections So I grab a pen and pad, I'm back to make a killer, similar to a backstab Don't arrest me, arrest my brain, it's insane If I'm booty, then I've been framed By an MC, who can't be the R-E-D Fuck wit me, you'll get slapped up and capped up easy By me and a tre-eight pistol, so vacate the premises Or ask for Mayday, Mayday For H-E-L-P, brothers tell me I'm electrifyin, similar to round three  I don't brag and boast but smash and roast MC's wit degrees from here to the West Coast I'm miracle wit no abrakadaba Piece of membranes will smash like crackers Were they Ritz, Saltine, or Town House None of the above get caught wit the roundhouse Kick, blackflip, semifull My vocal chord prove my pull ain't bull I'm down wit the Squad, no more than four to five brothers Six or more, you seen got smothered By a fist of fury, next is the verdict Let's hear it from the jury Chorus Verse Two: PMD I'm a nightmare to rappers, terror to an MC Cold wreck the nigga wit the help of E-D Aggravation, don't need it, so get off my dick Master of disaster, no time for flicks Straight up b-boy, Real McCoy like Bruce Leroy Strap the bozack when I'm stabbin a skeezoid Gangsta rap, it's Daddy Mack wit a bozack Roy the funk punk pumps skunk like a smokestack So swing low and lick up balls I'm like Scharzenegger, correcting shit in Total Re- call up E-D and the posse that's ten deep To wax a sucker nigga booty rappin MC So step off cause you gets no props So stick the fork in him, Redman (why) cause he's done Chorus Verse Three: Erick Sermon I'm E-D, I belong wit the A-Team A one man wreckin machine, by all means Necessary, I destroyed on contact No fear, of getting killed cause I'm strapped The Hit Squad's deep, making it sweet to creep, on my crew so you don't sleep My mic is caffeine, similar to Maxwell Making it smooth for me, yes, to wax well And you might get scared and spark a stove Cause I pack steel but Hold On like En Vogue My swiftness, I got a gift not for Christmas God bless, mmm-hmm, can I get a witness I'm fresh like a bag of Chips Ahoy No toy, I'm a hardcore b-boy Once again, I quote, I'm danger I smoked Smokey the Bear and killed the forest ranger Poof, the fire's out and I'm gone Peace to Mandela and Farrakhan Chorus The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: EPMD Album: Business as Usual Song: Underground Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Chorus: repeat 4X] Comin straight from the underground {*echoes*} [Erick Sermon] As I pump up a brand new funk swing and bring back the chill or thrill from B.B. King Old-fashioned, is the way that I be waxin a MC - I bust a grill, and the reaction I check, inspect, make sure the head's wrecked {*CRUNCH*} Snap a neck for some live effects A machine, malfunctioning, that's mean I "Stay Together" my man like Al Green I'm a slayer, the E-R-I-C-K and I'm back To attack a punk chump, that ain't sayin jack Boom, I'm buckwild when I'm stoned I close, only one eye like a cyclone So I throw on my black shades that's rhinestone Jump into my Benz that's outlined in chrome I'm the grand, royal MC I'm no joke I hit like a Phillie, Blunt when it's toked I smoke, an MC well done, he gets done I'm knockin out whack MC's like Michael Nunn Full power, one punch crunch, I'm throwin bolos I'm strapped heavy, my handguns that's solo I'm packed when it's time to get down Cause Erick Sermon's comin straight from the underground [Parrish Smith] Okie dokie; my mind gets slow-pokey when I toke the pull from a Phillie Blunt and I hope me Olde Gold is cold when I pop the cap Take a sip and then blitz, then crack a back with a rhyme sack Cause I'm too smooth, paid my dues and can't lose I'm "Top Gun," pullin bitches like Tom Cruise And my main man, D-Wade, still gets paid And in the off-season, we vacate in the shade So all hail the Mary, crack the Moet Blast the boombox, then act like George and Jet-son Cause my style, similar to Tae Kwon Do But aiyyo, I don't kick or throw stars this brother flows to the funk track, with 808 drops for props  No type of druggin or thuggin, DT's or cops I say, no to blow, yes to sess, and I suggest you put a buck on lotto, and if you win you should invest on the new grill +Bill+ cause I rock +Nunn+ until the fat lady sings, or Brooklyn starts to ill But there's a fat chance, with the brother bistro Cause I'm the master of the quadraverb and the echo There's no time to stop, so P keep on steppin on the edge of the frame of the mind, the nine is the weapon That I choose to squeeze when a brother bucks wild One slug to the head, mafioso style You catch a universal beat down with sounds that pound watch yourself son, I'm comin straight from the underground [Erick Sermon] I'm comin straight from the underground {*2X*} Straight from the underground One-two in the house, Hit Squad The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: EPMD Album: Business as Usual Song: Hit Squad Heist Intro- PMD: Yo, check this out, man, we're gonna do this, man. We got 2 minutes and 20 seconds to get in and out of there. Yo, Redman, Solo, man don't get in there and start frontin', man. Hit the vault, get the cash, don't shoot *nobody*. Alright?   Erick: Tom, set the detonators. [beep beep beep beep] PMD: We 'bout to do this shit...   Erick: P, let's do this.....now! P: Freeze! (E: Hands in the air!) Nobody move! (Mack-10 is packed, so don't break fool) This is a stick-up, real deal, real steel. (Full cooperation and no one gets killed. Hey security old man, don't play hero) Cuz a hero is a dead man, and a dead man is a zero. Yo, hoe, pu tht loot in the money sack. (You reach for the button, and then you gettin' smacked!) ?Check the quotes? {HUH?!} Stutter, mothafucka?! (One more dumb move, P, and I'm-a buck her) Chill, E. Listen lady, can't afford to do time. Ome more slip up and your ass is mine. I need all keys and codes to security boxes,  CDs (Jewels) plus money markets. (Chill before I bulk like the Hulk, Bruce Banner. Yo Redman) Solo {What?} Spray the cameras. All men, women and children please hit the floor. (Al B.) D-Wade (watch the back door) Time to get scratch, bring around the 560 (Time check...) Minute and fifty. {Time keeps on slippin-slippin} (Come on, P, man, ya bullshittin'. (Hurry up, grab the sack and let's do this.  Pray for the Benz and haul ass like Carl Lewis) A reminder, a hero's nothin' but a sandwich, Gus. {This is ridiculous} Say another word {I'll make ya famous} {I feel like Bustin' Loose!} (P's been hit) {ow} A sharpshooter on the roof. (Aw shit. Yo Redman, keep the money movin'...Yo Tom J, if I ain't out in 10 seconds, blow this mothafucker up and everybody, y'hear me?) [Police] {You have 15 seconds to put your weapons down and come out with your hands up. 15...14...13...12...11...10...9...8...7...6...5...4...3...2...} Let it go...{1} [explosion] {Yo, we outta here...} [tires screech] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: EPMD Album: Business as Usual Song: Funky Piano (Chuck D sample: "Hear my jam with the funky piano") [scratched 4x] Straight from Brooklyn, from out the projects, it's DJ Scratch, so girls fix your Kotex. The Ruler; not Slick Rick, but the ruler on the mix, with ten or more tricks. Take flicks, prick, but please don't miss this: watch my DJ cut with his dick. Yeah, slick ain't it? See your moms fainted, Technique 1200, and watch scratch train it. I'm-a step off and let Scratch collect dough, while you hear my jam with the funky piano. ("Hear my jam with the funky piano") [scratched 4x]] ("Here with the movement of his hands") ("Who is the best?") [scratch] ("Me!") [scratch] ("Stop lying") ("Go ask her mother") {all 4x} [scratch] PMD: A brief description, yeah, bust my DJ on the mix. No line switch, two transform, cuts wit his lips. And feeds up and down is extra weak, he strictly cross-fades club mixes every week. Won't break a sweat, the man's sharp on the blade. Real name George Spivey, sports a high-top fade. Brothers starin' shocked while the brother is rockin'. No arrows on the record or marks, or needle poppin'. From table to table, sports a Gucci cable. EPMD's the group, Def Jam is the label. Now I'm-a step off while Scratch collects his dough, or rock a funky scratch to the funky piano. ("Hear my jam with the funky piano") [scratched 4x] ("Here with the movement of his hands") ("Who is the best?") [scratch] ("Me!") [scratch] ("Stop lying") ("Go ask her mother") {all 4x} [scratching] ("Good God!") The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: EPMD Album: Business Never Personal Song: Boon Dox Typed by: OHHLA.com (Chorus) Coming straight from the boon dox(3x) (PMD) Coming straight from the boon dox, when my tune stomps like Sasquatch You better slow down cuz I'm top notch Wit the be-bop, can't you see hopps Yo, I'm swinging wild, g, chill or catch a speed knock For crying out loud, my style is buckwhyled Straight from Strong Isle, peace to the ooh child A true troop, rugged, stomp in tims boots No static, ---- Uncle Sam, I got mad loot So back up off me, break North you see I wreck a party in half and then I'm Swayze Rap maniac, brainiac on a fly track ?I've got to zap all those? who's grabbing my bozack But it's mine, Einstein, just like the nine Rockin my jock, loaded for primetime I'm on a roll and the Mic Doc just can't stop Bust it, coming straight from the boon dox Chorus (Erick Sermon) 1, 2, 1, 2, Mic check and I'm packed wit the fire weapon No half steppin, my nine, a black tech and Uzi, I'm psycho crazy Don't ever try to do me, baby Yea, I'm still wrecking house, so what's up and a I stuck a nigga in his gut I'm ?rougest? competition, never outlasting (What happen E-D)Yo, I waxed ugly bastards I took a stick of dynamite and blew 'em up, right Then boom, I knock em out like Mike I throw a clean fight, can't leave it messy My blow is Super like Joe Pesci Before I break out, let's make a toast And after I'm finish my drink then E's ghost So Mr. Bartender, give me a scotch on the rock (Where you coming, E) I'm saying peace from the boon dox Chorus (P: PMD, E: Erick Sermon, B: Both) (P)Now what (E) I know what  (P)Boy, your mouth shut (E)So get these (what) nuts because the Squad's butt (P)Popping ying-yang, no skills wit the hand swing (E)Another hit from the Sqaud (B) It's a small thing (P)?From the joys of funk, bunk? and make you jump (E)And pump your hands in the air (B)Soul like a speed bump (B)Down wit Def Jam (E)?Those scabs rule records, man? (P)Thanks to Lyor Cohen (E) and Russell Simmons (P)Yea, but for now child (woo, woo) bow wow (B)Crazy phillie, that's the goal now, boon dox The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: EPMD Album: Business Never Personal Song: Nobody's Safe Chump Typed by: OHHLA.com (Erick Sermon) Ah yeah, it's the home of the microphone master, Houdini I'm dope, some don't believe me Unless, I stress and bust a cap from steel Aim for the dome, show em that I'm real hardcore The underground rapper who's wrecking I pack a Smith and Wesson on my right section I'm strappep, at all time, Jack Nine mills to gap, for a punk suck new jack I must stay focus and keep my mind open The world's mass confusion, there mad guns smoking For punks trying to get respect and yearning Mess around and catch a bad one from Erick Sermon I'm serious, boy, but not Jermaine Jackson I also have a 12 gauge shotgun for action So chill, back the hell up and get a grip Get off that, thinking that you're all that real quick Like the Rude Boys said It's written all over your face, punk, nobody's safe Nobody's safe chump, so keep your doors locked(4x) (PMD) It's the hardcore rap music that make your ears ring ?Joys of funk?, produce a song to make my fans sing Singing, swinging, hum along, thump my rap song I bet I get wreck on a DL, then the P's gone Poof, no phonebooth, cape, or tight suit Dress in all black, black skullcap, black down goose To hide the mockbird, word, wit the pistol grip Squeeze em quick, show who's crossing wit the loose lip Cuz loose lips sink ships, don't need a ship to catch a nine clip I ain't going out on some bull---- Bankshot, corner pocket, now watch me rock it Can't mock the rap style so, boy, stop it (So what's the name)John Doe, 'K it's a slow flow ?Swiss miff?, crazy, the boy's loco Like Neon Deion Sanders, call him primetime (It's the new style) time to get mine Cuz nobody's safe in the fast pace of the rap race So keep your hoodies on and your boots laced Now I'm out, beaming back to the boon dox Nobody's safe chump, so keep your doors locked The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: EPMD Album: Business - Never Personal Song: Can't Hear Nothing But the Music Typed by: OHHLA.com (PMD) It's a fact, I'm mad hard like a jail yard I'm sick, slow, call me a retard Can't hear nothing but the music, I'm slippin Dark as hell and water drippin Parrish Smith, mentally sick Serial rap killer like Dave Berkowitz Yes, the son of Sam and I'll be godamn So take the force and get the balls and watch me slam, man The exquisite rap wizard from the boon dox My tune knock watts, been known to cause brain lock Wit no riff raff, smooth like Shaft Breaking bones in the rap zone, chill or get smoked mad fast Can't stop us from buggin because we're trippin Can't hear nothing but the music, I'm slippin (Chorus) Can't hear nothing but the music, I'm slippin(4x) (Erick Sermon) Breaker 1, 9, breaker, 1, 9, mayday Call for backup, it's Erick Sermon's payday No illusion, just mass confusion Dull raps, I dutch them, from the funk production I, the Afromerican, black citizen To make you scream loud as hell like Sam Kinison No one can stop me Dun na na na na na, like Rocky The combination, the jab, the uppercut Mad footwork from the rapper expert Bust a move, I'm worth about a million cash bucks Say what, damn right, shut the hell up I fought MC's word up and watch em grown up Play em like Dunkin, then pass out doughnuts Then I freak the funky style and I use it MD and hear nothing but the music Chorus (PMD) What's this, another funky hit from the Hit Squad, kid I get mad props like Sonny Crockett You know it's the smooth rap flow that clocks the P doe Can't stop now (why) cuz I'm diesel EPMD back in effect on your rap set Fourth cassette, more deadly than a bomb threat Can't stop us from buggin because we're trippin Can't hear nothing but the music, I'm slippin (Erick Sermon) Slate take two, action, the main attraction (Who's Bad) I'm bad like Michael Jackson Got more tricks than any Kung Fu flick Understand, I'm ruff and tuff like Jackie Chan My technique, the drunken mic, grasp it right I'm teaching (P-S-Y-C-H-E) psyche I'm slammin, the dopest nigga from the underground Out the basement, now world renown Rocking systems, cuss and jock a victim If we catch flack from a punk and then we diss him Then I freak a funky style and I use it Kid, and hear nothing but the music Chorus The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: EPMD Album: Business Never Personal Song: Chill Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash "CHILL.. CHILL.. Chill.. chill.." (*repeat 8X*) "Yeaaaah! Ha ha ha" [Erick Sermon] Equipped with the rap microchip Program, aptitude, one mo' return, aww {shit} My face in the magazines, showin my eyes green ("CHILL..") Chill, freshly dipped when I'm seen Yo, dig, it's the new fig for the E-Double I pack a Mac-10 just in case of trouble Hot like a handle on a pot, I'm steamin Fame and more glory than Morgan Freeman I'm the original, my style's deformed So it can sound crazy ill when I perform Yeah, check one two mic supreme EPMD, the rap American Dream Team The E-Double's definitely no joke You can't see me, even with a microscope I'm massive dope, funky, who's deffer Yo, when I express myself like Salt 'N Pepa Erick Sermon and Parrish Smith The sickest, the wickest, crazy mad psycho, the slickest Hardcore rhymin, yeah, that's the ticket Buckwhylin, rough enough for Long Island [Chorus: repeat all 4X] "CHILL.. CHILL.. Chill.. chill.." "CHILL.. CHILL.. Chill.. chill.." 	"Yeaaaah! Ha ha ha" "Rough enough to break New York from Long Island" -> Rakim  [PMD] Back up, boy, move easy with the hand motion Don't even blink kid, or I'ma start smokin The glock hammer's cocked with the speed shot Twelve shots, the bust target is the brown fox So call me smooth talk, rhyme jaywalk wit the slang talk B-boy fanatic, straight from New York The foundation, landmark of the rap scene EPMD in effect, I'm clockin mad green Like Kermit the Frog, sloppy like Boss Hog Girl was runnin wild, ate her like a corndog Four mics are ready to flow in slow mo' Know the rap game just like Bo knows hoes ("Yeaaaah! Ha ha ha") Hard, you get scarred, messin wit the Hit Squad Slide easy or catch a bullshucks charge No time to ill, stay mental or puff a pill Get the macadamians, and oh yeah kid, chill "CHILL.. CHILL.. Chill.. chill.." (*repeat to fade*) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: EPMD f/ K-Solo, Redman Album: Business Never Personal Song: Head Banger Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Redman] Negroes!!!!!!!! (repeat 6X) [Hit Squad] The head banger, WHAT? [Hit Squad] The head banger Parrish Smith gettin wreck [Hit Squad] The head banger Verse One: Parrish Smith Ka-rank the boombox as my sound knock from blocks as I chill, and bust grills you take snapshots of the maniac, dressed in black, carry round a strap Kid you play me too close (slow down and catch a cap, POW!!) Cause I don't play games, an outlaw like Jesse James To hell with the bitches and the so-called fame (uh-huh) Strictly biz to hard (kid yeah) as I climb charts Bustin ass daily as I compose like Mozart Just stand, say you're mad damn, why him? Z-oh-one Tonka, five-sixty Benz I'm sick and mad deep no shorts and no sleep I'm bugged like a tapped phone, hard like concrete So get a GRIP and don't SLIP or catch a CLIP from the infrared aimed at your head as I blast my TARGET The Bozack, I rip up flows that make an MC stop and chill and say HE'S ALL THAT Hardcore no R&B singer Roll with the Hit Squad... down with the head banger (repeat 4X) [Hit Squad] The head banger, WHAT? "Yeahhh, head crack, head crack" -- Grand Puba, Slow Down (repeat 3X) [Hit Squad] The head banger, WHAT? Erick Sermon break it down [Hit Squad] The head banger "Yeahhh, head crack, head crack" Verse Two: Erick Sermon SURPRISE, you wonder where I've been, I've been workin But sounds makin danger, and black birds chirpin A real Damian, Omen possessed by the devil You dig the rhythm, and I'll play the RUNNIN REBEL Changed my style, so I can freak the funk Yo pass the Philly, HIT SQUAD spark the blunt I got the power, to ramshack a stadium WUBBA WUBBA, even Judy Brown the Palladium Yo, I'm from the Boondocks so I knows the flavor (yeah, yeah) Sometimes I curse but now, I show behavior EPMD, YO, is in this to win this A brand new LP SO MIND YOUR BUSINESS No jokin, I'm gettin paid fully You wanna buy the cassette, stop by Sam Goody YO WHERE'S MY HOODIE? I wanna be hard and cause some ruckus Talk with the b-boy slang and blast some suckers Walk like an Egyptian, rough crackin my steel Plus I'm goin to court, make my own appeal As taught as a kid or told, NEVER TALK TO A STRANGER Cause I could be a head banger (repeat 4X) [Hit Squad] The head banger, WHAT? "Yeahhh, head crack, head crack" -- Grand Puba, Slow Down (repeat 3X) [Hit Squad] The head banger, WHAT? K-Solo!!! [Hit Squad] The head banger "Yeahhh, head crack, head crack" Verse Three: K-Solo I'm the original rap criminal (yeahhhhh) My shots, spell spray (hoo-ahhhh) duck leaves my trigger finger DIGITAL My gun'll make, many men, things you did when I get mad and pissed cause I can make him my TARGET Braggin em taggin em draggin em mad hollow-point rhymes in my mic Choose Smith or assault over Magnum (huh) So back up off me, here's a clip For uzis and guns, and then you faggots gonna OFF ME I'm sure you know the deal that my nine can box I knock punks out quick like Evander Holyfield More rhymes than music's, my solution Subscribers of my style here's a contribution Let's say you want a shovel layer parkin MC's like cars and drivin MC's away Tanks gon be full, to rappers wanna tempt me I break the steering shift and leave em EMPTY Cause they can't go, so I'ma call a hoe tow truck To come tow truck your weak SIDE SHOW Back on the scene is the incredible one man team When I get mad I turn GREEN The Fugitive's gone peace, I'm outta here later And here's a finger, to all you non movin spectators (repeat 4X) [Hit Squad] The head banger, WHAT? "Yeahhh, head crack, head crack" -- Grand Puba, Slow Down (repeat 3X) [Hit Squad] The head banger, WHAT? Redman get down! [Hit Squad] The head banger "Yeahhh, head crack, head crack" Verse Four: Redman SURPRISE NIGGAZ! The original P-Funk funks you up I take a hit from a spliff then I get biz with the NEW CUT Because I can Jam like Teddy if you let me A Goodfella but still rugged like Joe PESCI My style is mad funka-to-the-delic with the irrelevant shit that I kick backflips any four bitch (yeah) Deduct and I dip then I SWITCH to an incredible nigga with a *nickle* nine on the hip I always got played by a honeyDIP But now I'm on the money TIP so now I call the honeydip honey BITCH And swing hardcore because that's where I come from (yeah) I Rock ya like Chubb, and burn scrubs like a dum-dum Remember Redman, last album I was Hardcore Now I'm back to tear the frame out your assCRACK Cause I get wreck, with the tec, with the blunt or moet And what you see is what you get and what you're gettin is your ASS KICKED, nigga, hit you with the funkdafied figure Like A plus funk, funk times stuffed in your back trunk PUNK Yes the Redman that's what they call me Wicked with the style you think I have cerebral palsy Like AAIEEAHAAA, cause I freak the styles crazy Lullaby your stupid ass, ROCKABYE BABY The Funkadelic Devil hit your ass with a level from the new school and still holdin my jewels! (repeat 4X) [Hit Squad] The head banger, WHAT? "Yeahhh, head crack, head crack" -- Grand Puba, Slow Down (repeat 4X) [Hit Squad] The head banger, WHAT? [Hit Squad] The head banger "Yeahhh, head crack, head crack" (repeat 4X) [Hit Squad] The head banger, WHAT? "Yeahhh, head crack, head crack" -- Grand Puba, Slow Down (repeat 4X) [Hit Squad] The head banger, WHAT? [Hit Squad] The head banger "Yeahhh, head crack, head crack" (repeat 4X) [Hit Squad] The head banger "Yeahhh, head crack, head crack" -- Grand Puba, Slow Down (repeat 4X) [Hit Squad] The head banger [Hit Squad] The head banger "Yeahhh, head crack, head crack" The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: EPMD Album: Busines - Never Personal Song: Scratch Bring It Back (Part 2 - Mic Doc) Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Chorus: Busta Rhymes Rewind... Heal up, real up, bring it back, come rewind... [Erick Sermon] Now about to wreck shop is the man wit the plan Godamn, yo, watch me slam Taking the bassline, freaking my lines Squeezing my Reebox's pumps and Kriss Kross then jump Way behind the track so I sound smooth and rugged Pumped it for the Hit Squad, yo, they cold dugged it You know my style, man, yo, check the stats Down wit the Mic Doc, my DJ is Scratch Straight from Brooklyn, Albany projects He gets respect when he's rocking wit the set He goes crazy, maybe goes into a rampage Yo, but don't be afraid Can produce hard tracks like this But don't shut him down, put him on the funk list Live in color, a smooth brother If I had to pick a DJ, I couldn't, word to mother So George, hit me wit the funk scratch Then after that black, come back and rewind that George, hit me wit the funk scratch Then after that, yo, come back then rewind that Chorus [Parrish Smith] I'm def, it's my turn Freakin a new style, flippin this new style over the track I'm all that, down, rippin All over the place, yea, check em (Yo, yo, yo, yo, MD, yo, hold up money grip  yo get off that bullshucks  Rip the hardcore style for the b-boy niggas,  yknowimsayin, hit me wit that funk) Record mode, set the EQ for Dolby Step back, check yaself, punk, you don't know me I flow, G, (say what) multi mil see Brother on fade to black, YO!, and BET For my grill in the Source wit the record force A1 choice, the golden voice taking no loss The name is Mic Doc, don't forget it hop The kid from up the block, the tape's kicking ya boom box From the boon dox, the powerhouse on the rap route So make way, time to roll out Can you wind it and mine, primetime He got me illin, so hit me wit a (rewind) Now bring it back, bust that wisecrack Damn, it's been 5 years, kid, you're still on my bozack Shockin P, clockin P, when I'm rockin see You're not Parrish Smith, so why you mockin me You're just a wannabe, you wanna be me Sell for millions, until then, get the nuts, G No time to battle rap, F that I'm pushing maximum level, so smell the smoke from my mic, black I'm outta here, peace to the hardcore Bring in the hook while Scratch is cuttin like a chainsaw "My style... deadly psychopath, schizophrenic" "Don't forget I'm... crazy swift" "How can a brother be so nice" -- 2X "Master on the beatdown" "Huh forget it I'm constipated" The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: EPMD Album: Business - Never Personal Song: Crossover Typed by: OHHLA.com (Erick Sermon) Erick Sermon's in the house Let's get up, let's get down Roll wit the hardcore funk, the hardcore sound Let's get wit this, mackadocious funk material So simple, when I rock wit the instrumental Who am I (E-D the Green Eyed Bandit) Control my career so I can never get stranded But the rest are gettin Brand Nubian Changed up they style, from jeans to suits and Thinkin about a pop record, somethin made for the station For a whole new relation- ship of a new type of scene To go platinum and clock mad green AKA, a sellout, the rap definition Get off that boy, change your mission Come back around the block Pump Color Me Badd to the ah, tick tock Let them know your logo, not a black thing My background sing, my background sing for the crossover The Crossover (PMD) The rap era's outta control, brother's sellin their soul To go gold, going, going, gone, another rapper sold (To who) To pop and R&B, not the MD I'm strictly hip-hop, I'll stick to Kid Capri Funk mode, yea, kid, that's how the Squad rolls I know your head is bobbin cuz the neck knows (Not like other rappers) frontin on they fans, the ill Trying to chill, saying "damn, it be great to sell a mill" Thats when the mind switch to the pop tip (Kid, you're gonna be large) Yea right, that's what the company kicks Forget the black crowds, you're wack now In a zoot suit, frontin black lookin mad foul I speak for the hardcore (ruff, rugged and raw) I'm outta here, catch me chillin on my next tour From the US to the white cliffs of Dover Strictly underground funk, keep the crossover The crossover (Erick Sermon) (So what cha sayin) You wanna go pop goes the weasel You know you should be rocking the fans wit something diezel But you insist to piss me off black So I flex the biceps so I can push em back So real hardcore hip-hop continue wreck it And all sucker MC's duck down and get the message So ban the crossover, yo, who's wit me (Hit Squad) yea, P, hit me (PMD) Another megablast, funky dope style from cross yonder (So help me Rhonda, help, help me Rhonda) (Yo, from what) the crossover, yea crossing you over Outta here, gone, peace, nice to know ya (see ya) What a way to go out, no clout is what the fans will shout Cuz you got gassed and took the wrong route Came on the scene, chillin, freakin a funky dope line But when they finish wit you (beep) flatline Some say there's no business like show business But if this the truth, please explain why is this Rappers been around long, makin mad noise you see Still I haven't seen one rapper livin comfortably No time to pick and wish on a four leaf clover I stick to underground, keep the crossover The crossover The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: EPMD f/ Das EFX Album: Business Never Personal Song: Cummin' at Cha Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Verse One: Erick Sermon Yes, return the last dragon, balls of fire Back to attack, and sharp like barbed wire The ruff rugged male human black alien My style's, foreign, compared to an Israelian I rock, and shock a new style Hardcore's the profile, I bust a cap for the buckwild I'm back in effect, how's that? I'm not Teddy Riley but I'm swingin like a New Jack You know me so yo check my flow G I rock 48 Hours like Nick Nolte And for your information... I found wack MC's camps and do em like Jason Yeah, doyouknow what they call me? E Double who raps off the walls see I work out, yeah I do my fitness So I can find a mistress, while I'm in the business A gold digger, with the hourglass figure (why?) 'I'm feelin sad,' damn nigga! Now I'm rockin the house with Das EFX *They want EFX*, yeah some live effects M.D. got my back, so I'm goin for mine So watch it, or pop pop pop goes my nine Verse Two: Parrish Smith Here we here we go... (who?) slow flow so watch the head blow No rules in the rap game, I'm throwin elbows (The name) Mic Doc (say what?) this is hip-hop Roll with the Hit Squad, stomp like the Go-Bots (Shiggedy shots bust) Parrish Smith rocks the spot Pumps em off the block, hits because my tune knocks Tower down over suckers next is Das EFX (Biggedy mic check um, one two check uhh  I think I wann rock it M.D.) OK Drayz bet Time to exit, yo, so I'm out there If you want me you can find me at the crib Still gettin mine rippin rhymes on the mainline Don't play me or pop goes the nine Verse Three: Drayz, Skoob Biggedy bang yowza, higgedy howabout a mic wrecker I biggedy break a back, I'm black and I can Decker Nigga, ya figgedy figure the, way I kick it I'm dashin, I stiggedy stuck Johnny for his Cash and I trashed him, I miggedy made the bastard look sloppy Copy, I pack a nine if you try to stop me Niggedy I'm the bungle, I'm swingin it from the left so tell the Chef Boy-ar-dee's niggaz nice, and plus I'm def Tiggedy take your life asthma, the jibbedy jibber jabber ruff rapper I wreck it then I step like a ladder So add a, niggedy nother page into my rap book I strike like, the weapon or a mother at the crack book I giggedy give a fender, figgedy bender, to a tender, roni Lik umm, Chachi, then Joni She'll stagger, when I move my lips like Mick Jagger She'll go goo-goo, gah-gah, they call me Ali Baba The jibbedy jibber jabber, jibbedy jibber jabber, jaw Riggedy wreck it quick and get, raw I'm thiggedy throwin the slang, like a boomer-rang Kill the rumor, bang, I steal a show like I used to steal Puma's Then I rock it, a topic from the sewer or the trash can I'm niggedy not the video game, but I'm like Pac Man I'm slick right, I got more Dick than Van Dyke Liggedy let the nines clap, cause I'm back to the Manpike The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: EPMD Album: Business - Never Personal Song: Play the Next Man Typed by: OHHLA.com (Erick Sermon) What's up wit that homegirl, why you frontin My raggamuffin, c'mon, help me wit somethin You like me, I can tell by your wicked actions I wanna rock wit you like Michael Jackson (coughing) Erick, what slow down, baby You're not Seal, so why you actin Crazy I wanna be your man, the whole nine sounds cute Us buggin out, and us knockin boots But you, you wanna go out and start cheatin Hangin Tough like the New Kids every damn weekend Thinkin I'm stupid, girl, you must be buggin The boy you messin wit is my cousin Tryin to play the E-Double wit the old weak flim flam Don't play me and reach out for the next man (Chorus) Don't play me, play the next man (4X) (PMD) I was wonderin why you went to work everyday OK, yea, maybe to get extra pay But when you stepped out, you was dressed to impress (How fresh) so fresh, that you walked wit finesse Word is bond, I could've sworn you was minglin The way you was movin, the way your earrings was jinglin Of course, you was messin wit the Boss Not Bruce Springsteen, your boss drove a Porsche Remember, you went to work one night While me and D-Wade was home watchin the Mike Tyson fight You said goodbye, gave me a couple of kisses I peep the coat I didn't buy you for Christmas You went out to a fancy restaurant Came in actin all nonchalant Asked you a question, shook up like Elvis Presley Your makeup smudged, your hair messy Shh, quiet, I caught cha Tell him my name is Parrish Smith, I used to mess wit his daughter Yes the Mic Doc and I'll be damned Don't play me, play the next man Chorus (P: PMD, E: Erick Sermon, B: Both) (P)Now if ya girl's on your back Jack, cut her like a lumberjack (Cut her off, cut her off) (E)And if your man done son, trade him in for a new one (Cut him off man, cut him off)         (Repeat) (P)So if ya man is runnin wild, slow em down, school em Jack (E)Before he plays you off, girl (P) just to prove a fact (E)And get your feelings hurt kid (P) plus your heart broken (B)Bust it ("Can't truss it!") (P)What (E) a relationship (P) friendship (E)Hardship (P) fell on the booze when ya boy tripped (E)So pick ya pride up boy (P) oopsy daisy (P)See ya (E) Audi Ghost Patrick Swayze The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: EPMD Album: Business - Never Personal Song: It's Going Down * Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash * - originally appeared on the Juice soundtrack Owww! Get on down (repeat 3X) Verse One: Erick Sermon Well, it's the E wit the juice, I'm down to get loose Strapped in black wit the nine by the boots Hardcore funk that make ya wanna pump a chump My posse's thick, so I will never get jumped The slayer, a beast from the east, I'm psycho If I had a glove, I would be Bad as Michael Some say, yo, I sound rugged Pack wit the ultimate rap wit the Power like Snap A.K.A. the Mic Wrecker A rap star wit the boomin style, black as tar Smokin, the E's no jokin, so don't trip or flip And make a hit, so bust it Some ain't feel the way I do when I get wreck No half steppin, I kick back like a weapon On the microphone, I delight And groovy, a California quake couldn't move me Get on down (repeat 4X) It's going down (2X) Verse Two: PMD No lights, no camera, but lots of action No moonwalkin backwards, kid, like Michael Jackson Strictly funk flows and steel toed Timb boots to troop State to state, stage to stage, as I clock loot Black Asiatic, rapper fanatic, automatic black nine mil is what I pack so kill the static EPMD quench the sound of thumps underground Ya stupid boy, no props here, you catch a beatdown The Squad still in effect, no record skippin Ya stupid boy, keep the track, still bullshittin Down wit the rap pack, still grabbin my bozack Here's a ticket kid to ride the Jim like Amtrak Got mad skills, hi-tech, been known to snap necks From eighty-seven to ninety-two, fourth cassette But now I'm Swayze, ghost, the rap host Who rip shows, from coast to coast Get on down (repeat 4X) It's going down (2X) Verse Three: Erick Sermon, PMD Yea, back to the picture, the scene It's me Erick Sermon, my M-16 Just in case, ya know, a fight broke out I can just chill, pull out the smoke out One, no grill, no charcoal, no fluid Act like Bo Jackson, Nike, and Just Do It If there's a problem, the Hit Squad rolls mad deep So I can rest my head and get some sleep While the E-Double, takes a nap, no time to slack It's my turn to guard the fort, ready for combat Guns and violence, that we don't promote Just takin what's ours kid, chill or smell the gunsmoke As I pull out, squeezin like Mr. Charmin Destroyin posses of demo tapes like Agent Orange So chill kid and act like you know Peace from the MD a.k.a. Slow Flow It's going down (4X) Get on down... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: EPMD Album: Business Never Personal Song: Who Killed Jane Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Intro/Chorus: Ooooooohhhhh... (repeat 4X) E - Who killed Jane, who killed Jane? P - Not the Squad kid, I think we've been framed Verse One: E - Who killed Jane? P - Not the Squad yo, we've been framed  The charge E - Murder one son for the death of Jane P - Murder? E - Yeah homicide kid time to take a ride P - Where? E - Downtown P - For what? E - To check your alibi P - Must get deep and think quick, bang a set-up  Let met get my coat E - Alright move slow when you get up P - PT's in my crib, K9's in the front lawn  First thought's to wild, second thought to stay calm E - You have the right to remain silent P - Cool with the roughness, I ain't violent  Reached for his nine mil, partner started smilin E - Shut up Mulley, turn around and keep your mouth shut P - Peep the neighbor's starin as he reached for his handcuffs  Threw on the bracers squeeze tight to increase the pain  Thinkin to myself, damn... who killed Jane? Chorus Verse Two: P - They got me downtown, starin at four walls with one call  Been set-up like a roadblock, can't take a bad fall E - Sit up straight, state your name and your birthdate  And your whereabouts last night about eight P - Slow down E - Slow down? P - Something's missing, where's my lawyer?  Cop grilled me and said E - Yo there's your lawyer  Things'll get rough so don't get tough and try to play games  You're headed up North P - For what? E - You know homeboy, the death of Jane P - You must be insane with no brains sniffin cocaine  And if I caught a body it'd be yours and not Jane E - Oh Mr. Toughy, you wish you had a nine to bust me  I'm not a child, I don't play, my name ain't Chuckie P - Cop got pissed, and stepped back, then grabbed his blackjack  Swung for my dome, ducked and caught my damn back E - Ooohhhh P - Couldn't feel the pain E - Whhhhyyy? P - Thinkin bout the payback Chorus Verse Three: P - Now it's personal so whassup? E - Whassup? P - Whatyou wanna know? E - Who killed Jane? P - OK I tell you first I gotta go E - Where? P - Check leakage E - Leakage? P - Yeah you know the john E - Take him downstairs and watch him make sure you're armed P - Cop grabbed me by my neck pushed me towards the damn door  See my homies, locked down on the same floor E - So you wanna be a killer and run the streets bro? P - Didn't respond, just chilled to play his ego  Stepped in the men's room, still filthy from the ill broom E - Hurry up and take a piss and stop stallin you damn goon P - That was the wrong move, how stupid, time to go for mine  Not glacial time, but the black nine  Gotta clear my name, been framed for the death of Jane  Must make my move now or it's ball and chain Chorus Verse Four: P - With the iron, started firing, to let him know I'm serious  black, don't play hero cause all youse get is a flag and cap E - Easy partner, chill put the gun down P - Oh now you tryin to play me out like Homey the Clown  And you know homey don't play that E - Play what? *blam* P - See, see? E - Jim, come back, the mooley shot me... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: EPMD Album: Back in Business Song: Intro Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [E] We're baaaa-ack! [P] EPMD's back together! *gun blast* AhhhhhhhhhHHHH!! *splash of body into water* The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: EPMD Album: Back in Business Song: Richter Scale Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Check one [Erick Sermon] Uh-huh Yeah, aww yeah, uhh		"Richter Scale" It goes lights, camera, action I'm on One more time to kill em, my rap flow is fulfilling I scream with the Beastie Boys -- What time is it? It's two o'clock, you gettin knocked out the box then kicked off the block, Def Squad Hit Squad no we won't stop, fuck it call the cops (uh-huh) I be the invincible, in the school of hard knocks I'm the principle, Fatman Joe y'know [Parrish Smith] As you suffer the repercussions, comin through the blaze bust the crime scene, cause some drama, niggaz duckin When we come through, throwin the jab, in the one-two Layin MC's out to trap, when we run through (like what?) Like the marathon, flooded with the diamonds on Get my rhymin on, PMD fuckin shinin on Back to Biz, new address with the fat crib My shit in the Wiz, poli'-in with the big wigs Chorus: Erick Sermon Off the meter, and everytime we reach the tip-top and ya don't stop, uhh! In the field of rap, we pull rank no question We top the			"Richter Scale" *repeat 2X* [Erick Sermon] Bust the techniques, E.D. fantastic Unreal GangStarr shit, Mass Appeal Rap's top dawg, I'm the one you call on to get Sic'-Wid-It, E don't forget it I'm six, two and a half, heavyset, chocolate brown Hell of a jab, gift to gab I'm the elite, keep it underground like street level I rock a Rolex watch, with a diamond bezel [Parrish Smith] Rap terror terror, EPMD, a new era Off the richter scale, blowin hotter than ever with the Squadron, beg your pardon, got the heads noddin Lost your mind and said, "Shit!!" when we barged in the front door door, rugged, keeps our shit raw raw Make hits for the fans, plus the world tour Believe that, peep that E and P's back Wreckin heads daily, so chill and Get the Bozack Chorus [Erick Sermon] Yo Royal Flush-in, all my cats be bustin Servin you Customers and those fake hustlers Whassup? Step to me, I smack you silly I'm the Kid, but no comparison to Billy I ain't scared of you motherfuckers -- can't you tell? Girls lose to me when they groove to Maxwell, uhh I got one life to live so I'm livin Got girls to be hittin more cars to be drivin [Parrish Smith] We stripped too many beats to make too many niggaz to break No moves are fake, no warnin shots fired blastin on crews like corrupt Jakes The Black Viper, scream on MC's and rhyme cyphers More Dangerous Mind than, Michelle Pfeiffer So skedaddle-daddle, you get rattled don't wanna battle-battle Put one to your rhyme saddle, stompin through, like wild cattle We flow beef so dead that, let that shit cease I'm quick with the hands, plus accurate with the two-piece Chorus The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: EPMD Album: Back in Business Song: The Joint Typed by: OHHLA.com Verse One: Erick Sermon I make a million buck every six months and y'all hating my game, saying my name, they call me the E, wrong things knowing Im fly without wings while some of y'all have to pull strings. In this era I maintain the freak upon the beats master basslines of Raphael Saadiq Lyrical mastermind, a genius so dont snooze no missions impossible, ask Tom Cruise I keep a joint lit, when I have to spit I rough paragraph, laugh when I'm busting yo' ass, who want it? Come and see me, like 112 and I'll rock that bell with Fox and L E-Dub, Mr Excitement, right The poltergeist of rap so come to the light. Yes, the recipient of this award goes to Moi, the best qualified superstar. Chorus: EPMD Erick: My squad stays on point like   Den en den den de den, It's the joint Parish: Yeah my squad stay on point like, Erick: Den en den den de den, Its the joint. Both: New York I'm in your area, (Over here)   DC I'm in your area, (Over here)   New Jerse I'm in your area, (Over here)   EPMD, its a world premier Verse Two: Parrish Smith Its the joint, stay on point Plus I'm feelin it niggas killin shit tryin to duplicat the manuscript thats impossible, pray like the gospel over coming set backs, and jumping over obstacles Like Evil Kenevil, on point like a needle EPMDs' like the Beatles, back with another sequal to hip hop, check one two and you don't stop rap with mainstream R&B and pop now the worlds shocked the E-doubles back with Mic-Doc Like it or not we bout to turn it up another notch My speeds put it down for my seeds Raw breeds, acres with the deeds, its the joint. Chorus: (first part the same) Both: VA I'm in your area, (Over here)   DA I'm in your area, (Over here)   Chi Town I'm in your area, (Over here)   EPMD, its a world premier Verse Three: EPMD E: My styles digable, so I'm phat like that I got a benz too, and its black like that I got millions of chips, and they stack like that A five year spread, and now we back like that How dare they, niggas sittin in they room with Brandy way pissed off thikin how the can't stand me He rhyme Shawn for his Penn, talking not lookin, shoocken, a dead man walking P: You know me, from rippin shows wit my homie the one and only, Ginuwine like Pony You want a ride? Call me up when your lonely I'm Parish Smith and shit, Greaat like Tony I'm hittin hittin E: Where from? P: From brentwood to San Quentin I'ma keep rhyming, still representing E: Fro who? P: For my niggas up north and in the ?Courts? and for the emcees taking no shorts, in this blood sport Chorus: (first part the same) Both: Detroit I'm in your area, (Over here)   Cali I'm in your area, (Over here)   Philly I'm in your area, (Over here)   EPMD, its a world premier The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: EPMD Album: Back in Business LP/How to Be a Player soundtrack Song: Never Seen Before * Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash * original and "Remix" are the same lyrics with different beats [E] Peace to Chuck [P] Chuck D [E] Yeah, uhh  You're not tellin em huh? Yeah [Erick Sermon] They go ohh and ahh when I jump in my car People treat me like Kareem Abdul Jabbar when I'm supreme rap star, they all know me E.D., when I flash the greens on TV MC's be robbin me, of my technique The way I speak, the way I get down, the way I sound And if you axe/ask me, they must be on the jock of the innovator (one two), rock roll bounce to skater [Parrish Smith] OK fuck it, enough with the tight shit, grab the mic quick Hollywood niggaz, put it down spit some hype shit EPMD Erick and Parrish, Makin Dollars with the rap scholars keep the show packed like funeral parlors Deadly, murderous I know you heard of us Holdin shit down on the block, nobody servin us (yeah son) The E Double and Mic Doc, Boondox Def Jam's off the meter yo, this shit is hot Chorus: EPMD [P] Never seen before, or heard before  The uncut raw [E] I'm Erick Sermon [P] and I'm Parrish Smith (repeat 2X) [Erick Sermon] Check it, now I'm back with the flyest material Mic Doc and E Dub the Grand Imperial My mic's deadly, so I scratched off the serial and stashed it, until I have to kill at will Keep it movin, yes it's me in the flesh it's no illusion, fuck around and catch minor contusions Whatever, I'm Smokin Joe when it comes to rap I'm a pro-fessional, Tiger Woods I'm good [Parrish Smith] Time to black out, no doubt, people wanna know about the inside scoop with the group, and are they comin out Damn skippy I'm tipsy, high like a hippie Don't take drinks from strangers cause niggaz slip mickies That's why I stay on Q/cue, like Omar Epps in J-U I-C-E so chill and bust the debut In rare form the false alarm's the Mic Don's back in effect, snap that neck, the P's gone Chorus [E] Never say never [P] What? EPMD's back together [E] And if it gets warm take off the hot sweater [P] Flip the ill slick flow (flow) [E] Watch us throw (throw) [P] down with the other brothers toe to toe [E] And if ya slow ya blow [P] That's why we comin with the ammo [E] Yo ten year veterans [P] A thousand rap sessions [E] Yeah the hard rockers [P] The crowd shockers [E] The head knockers [P] Yeah EPMD's off the rockers Chorus 2X [E] Yeah, uh, uh, uh-huh, yeah [P] Dude whassup [E] Yeah that was dope, word up  EPMD for Nine-What, whatever, yeah, uh-huh...  Sample this shit, word up! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: EPMD f/ Das EFX Album: Back in Business Song: Skit Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash And now, the transaction [Das EFX] Yao yo yo Stretch we thought you wasn't gonna come through 	Nah look this is what I got man Oh word? Yeah let me check the shit out, whattup 	This right here man! That's hot right there son 	This is OK, this is OK Yo knock, big money style 	This? This? You might like this right Oh word? Yeah yeah yeah yeah, just hold on let me smell that 	Yea yea yea, but THIS is what I really wanted to show you right here 	The SHOCKER The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: EPMD f/ Das EFX Album: Back in Business Song: Intrigued Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Erick Sermon] Hit the floor, tuck and roll E's on fire I'm your motherfucker, but not Jerry Maguire I'm the dark skinned, packin Mac-10, who get busy Effective, puttin shit in the proper perspective [Parrish Smith] Strapped with the gat, bustin caps across the map Yo the crew's back, royalties and ASCAP I'm six two, fat went with the chrome shoe Diamond and jewels, estates with the swimmin pools [Books] and the sauna, piggedy-puffin on some marijuana from Tiajuana, miggedy-mess around and youse a goner I stash the cash don't flash the cash what? You figgedy-front on this kid I smash that ass [Drayz] Chiggedy-check the one two-er, bringin it from the sewer to the land cross the burnin sand, biggedy-Back to Business with my miggidy-man Got plans to blow, solidifyin all positions in the game like coalition, stiggedy-stop look and listen [Erick Sermon] to the hot shit, I'm the Tale of that Bronx shit call me Sonny, with pounds of money Bringin raw music, call my style SWOOSH Please say Mister, when you introduce me [Parrish Smith] Yeah.. uhhh EPMD and Das EFX, time to flex like Funkmaster, Back to Business in your tape deck Steel I hold it, put it together blindfolded Hangin upside down, bust it, then reload it [Books] Yo, I'm comin up from Virginia, on the linear Havin dinner y'all, with this dimepiece named Levinia Cellu-lar ringin, it's Books how ya livin Fat like Thanksgiving, drop some shit like a pigeon [Drayz] Yo, the boogie banger, biggedy-black Rover to Ranger Danger, I'm iggidy-off the planet like Kramer My iggidy-anger, slaughter, iggidy-out of order Split your monkey ass in half like Moses split the wiggidy-water Chorus: repeat 2X [E] You intrigued by the way, we do our thing [P] Do what? [E] Pick up the mic, hot, and make you swing [P] Say what? [E] Pick up the mic, hot, and make it swing [P] "Yo, cold wax and tax MC's who tend to act ill" [Erick Sermon] Any hype, out the door, kill it Anything the Squadron wants, uhh BILL IT EPMD out the box we be rockin We hold the title, like priests hold the bible [Parrish Smith] God bless, to any MC who wanna test Survival of the fittest, fuck it life or death with ill manuevers, rapper slash producer Puttin it down with E-Dub, in the sewer [Books] Some riggidy-real thugs, sex hip-hop and drugs Liggidy-left burnt rugs, drinkin beers out of gold mugs Slugs in the barrel, on name brand apparel Briggidy-bringin drama like John Travolta in Aarow [Drayz] But niggidy-no need for that, Smith squeeze the gat Ease em back, or niggaz gon' biggidy-bleed, in fact it's wiggidy wild shine like the head, of Golden Child Corrupt styles, sinister smile, we takin bails to trial Chorus The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: EPMD Album: Back In Business Song: Last Man Standing Typed by: 6334@verona.k12.wi.us The year is 2000. All the real motherfuckers left PMD, Def Squad & Hit Squad and the virus I'll tell you who I be (check it) Erick Sermon: This is Erick Sermon, one of God's children of billions With more Hype than Williams  Maintain millions so when the world get close to ending My squad prepare for squad spending, I ain't begot no weapon I'm lyin, get caught off guard I'm firin Until I hear sirens, I'm Gone With The Wind A black Clark Gable, doin 90 in the Lexus sport a fat cable Never hold nothing back, I get the stress of my chest Fell this so all the envious hear this I catch wreck any punk in my way I'm banded (Why E?) Cause I'm the last man standin Hook: "Whatever it takes how ever it gots to go down 4 mics on stage a motherfuckin' 4 pound" 	--> P of Mobb Deep: Hell On Earth Last man standing (2X) PMD: Yeah, yo snap that neck, not playing with a full deck Make a nigga sweat below the waist line by my johnson Where my tools kept, who I be? The code name PMD Causialty to an MC who try to fuck wiht P, or E-Dub Catch the burner with the snub, no love A tight defence, like the glove, so bring it Any song we drop I bet you sing it Check the logo and slip up and get creamed kid My pen is registered like Bruce Lee on loose leaf My crew be, timped down puffing looseys Drop the slick shit, nigga wanna get with Swiss Smith, street cat strap ? Hook (2X) Erick Sermon: Black the Ripper, by barracks, cold like anemic Believe it, it takes years for y'all to achieve it Cause I'm a go getter, I get the loot, I get the cash The blunt, the weed, the hash and then white with my friends in the Benz Smoke fill the car until I blind my lens I lock down my statis, I be the baddest Yes the one that get you open the most outspoken PMD: Shogun assassin, chinesse connection, ninja maskin We turnin to gravity, B-boy with the pants saggin Ain't no stoppin, on the case like Johnny Cochran The beats knockin, mock speed is what I'm clockin With Erick Serm, mess with fire you get burned Like a bad perm it's the return that niggas yearn What, PMD and the bandit, never stranded Bust a canon, cause it's the last man standin Hook (2X) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: EPMD Album: Back in Business Song: Get Wit This Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Parrish Smith] Last man standing, like Bruce Willis, about to kill with this Niggaz feel this, the masters of realness In your town to get down, so give your man a pound Let him know what's goin down, take a pull and hold it now Back to matters we call the rhyme data Home run batter, shuttin down your chitter chatter So kill the he say she say bust the replay Hit Squad, Def Squad, stay busy like the freeway [Erick Sermon] Dig this, in the field of rap, I pull rank Sets it Off like Vivica Fox and La' robbin banks What you think? On the roof I work, smokin dank Puffin Bone-Thugs and the boombox crank Live in color, I represent, for the hardcore brother who pack Lethal Weapons, without Dan Glover And still we achieve the great, those who try to fade us get clowned, plus beat down, so Chorus: repeat 2X 	Let's get up, let's get down 	Roll with the hardcore funk, the hardcore sound 	Let's get wit this, mackadocious funk material 	.. It's been a long time, we shouldn't have left you [Parrish Smith] Aiyyo the rhymes I recite, airtight, like a submarine Hip-Hop fiends, like a Jones, for nicotine of tobacco so I can't slack yo Got the knack though, bring it live and that's a fact yo Niggaz buggin out, askin when we comin out Samps is runnin out, need new shit to talk about How you doin (where you been) in the biz Sittin on chrome, back to set trends [Erick Sermon] Well it's the rappin Lex Luthor, step to me I'll do ya Send you back to the future - he for real man? HELL YEAH I don't care, I gets it on anywhere From the streets of East New York, to the streets of Bel Air First things first, I come to work with mad equipment to do y'all, in the U-Haul and the side biscuit My persona, got suburban kids bangin their heads up in the gym like Nirvana Chorus [Parrish Smith] Back to take mine, like Jordan, goin baseline Create rhyme, break spines, when it's showtime Niggaz wanna doubt me, talk about P No slouch B, cause off the meter's how my clout be [Erick Sermon] Indeed, I'm amazing when I ? Got the crowd doin shit by remote control Comin high powered, what's the discrepency coward? Dunk on your head, like Juwan Howard Chorus 2X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: EPMD Album: Back in Business Song: Do it Again Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Erick Sermon] As I proceed to rock y'all and shock y'all Cold clubbin, some might say I'm buggin I'm the back lifted, checkin out folts I see girls trickin, lookin for a victim Yeah they spot me, but I'm the wrong nigga Cause ain't nuttin changed since days of +Golddigger+ They walk right past me like I'm invincible Don't trust em, the first principle [Parrish Smith] Yo pass that here and cheers, celebrate like the new year Honies front to rear, party over here So get your groove on as we move on bust the new song Once again, it's on, pop the cham' Dom Bustin those when we pull up in the chrome Party til Daylight, just like Stallone Rollin with the players, sportin Timbs and the gators Cell and pagers, fat whips quick to blaze ya .. [Erick Sermon] I be coolin, doin my thing, I'm slight jig Sometimes I be Down Low, like Mr. Big The Green-Eyed Bandit, what? Yea is he the dark skin packs a mack-10 who gets busy? I stay tight, keep the vibe right I could pull a Rampage and Wild For Da Night I'm lethal, I still do it for my people I break it down for em, it's hard to ignore em [Parrish Smith] The time is right, and tonight's the night, we in the hype We got my game type shorties excited, I'm feelin nice We roll the dice, shot of vodka and ice People on the dancefloor, doin it right Cristal for the profile, money spenders and pretenders and V.I.P. rollin with the winners You know how it go, Heinekens and the Mo' The pen and the pad and a dimepiece to go The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: EPMD Album: Back in Business Song: Apollo Interlude Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [E] In back of the Apollo, the episode [E] Yo P check this yo [P] Yo what? [E] I bugged one of the rooms in the Apollo, yeah word up 	Yeah c'mon keep it movin, keep it movin [P] Word? [E] Nah I'm sayin so-and-so's room, yaknowhatI'msayin P? [E] Tryin to say somethin, niggaz be playa hatin [P] True [E] Let's hear what they talkin about 	Yo P, c'mon! [E] Aight let's go to the back, let's go in the car 	Foxy Brown up next, Foxy Brown up next [P] Yo yo whattup? [E] Hold up, where my key at? [E] Hey whassup y'all? Peace peace yo whassup? 	Yo whattup son? [E] Check it out "You saw that shit? You saw that niggaz show?  Awwwwwwohhhhh, whoaahhhhhh 	Niggaz talkin about the stinkiest shit 	They bring on that shit  Wha-hoahh, man, God to what? 	You gotta admit B, the motherfuckers tore the fuckin house down  I got the fuckin album B!  I ain't gon front on the shit, fuck em, knowhatI'msayin? 	Bust on niggaz and shit 	We gon change the whole era man, we gotta go back man... ..?..  Nocturnal yo we got one, we got one..." The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: EPMD Album: Back In Business Song: You Gots to Chill '97 Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Parrish Smith] You gots to chill [Erick Sermon] Checka one-two, checka one-two Turn me up, a lil' more Check it, check it, check it [Parrish Smith] Blackout [Erick Sermon] As I step to the mic with the b-boy stance To the braveheart MC's, I wouldn't take a chance Keep quiet while the MC rap And if you disrespect me, it's the big payback The E double E is my name, I spell Thanks to the clientele, my Squad rocks well I'm in your hood, comin through like what? Chromed out, beamed out, in a all black truck You a player, what team you with? I got major chips, I push the flyest whips Got the flyest chicks, my outfits be freshly dipped No matter what the steez, I'm equipped [Parrish Smith] Well my name is M-D, I'm known as the motivator Funky beat maker, new jack terminator Enjoy to destroy, because your rhymes are toy Never sweatin no click (Why P?) Cause I'm a b-boy When we on the scene, we always rock the spot The Green-Eyed Bandit, Scratch and Mic Doc In the beginnin, we had to let the world know Now, EPMD is clockin all the dough Sit back and relax, of course the biz phat TV with the phone in the back Always calm under pressure, no need to act ill Listen when I tell you boy, you gots to chill [Erick Sermon] I be the fly rhyme maker, female heart-breaker, the dude Want to play me and my crew, that's rude I'm dope, when I get down to the beat I'm raw, I keep it hardcore for the streets My track's a miracle drug for thugs in the clubs (Yo E, I remember when they used to be scrubs, what up?) I'm the big bear and some of y'all are baby cubs Talkin large money when I seen your bank stubs I take control of your body and soul Pack heat in my pants when it's time to roll [Parrish Smith] Well it's P, Double-E, M-D-E-E Here to bless the track and flip the flow with E When we touch the microphone, no doubt, we always shine Jewels and rhymes, settin traps and land mines Did thousand of shows, laced many places EPMD's back and yo, throw the tape in Cause when we come around, we always come with the flavor Underground hardcore funk, than what we gave you or give you, aiyyo what's next on the menu This is the take two, stadiums and venues with E, and I'm the microphone doctor And the capital E, capital P, capital M, D is no doubt, the world shocker Hit Squad, Def Squad, yeah we both get ill So believe me when I tell you boy... You gots to chill [Erick Sermon] Yo, I'm in the house now Dudes with ice grills raise they eyebrow, amazed like wow! E and P return like D _Last Dragon_ to show MC's just what's happenin I get biz and that's an natural fact I'm like Zorro, I mark an E on your back Worse than that, I crown those wannabe gangsters Say somethin to 'em, and run right through 'em [Parrish Smith] I'm makin crazy G's politickin on my mobile phone The E-Double about the microphone Cause we're the funky rhyme maker, puffin Garcia Vegas The one who rocks the fisherman hat I grab the mic and make the crowd react We keep the money stackin, fingers snappin toes tappin When it's time to roll, uzi patrol, we're still packin EPMD, the mic's our only friend Took a break for a while, and now we back again So if you think about gamblin, you better come prepared EPMD's takin all the shares, you gots to chill The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: EPMD Album: Back In Business Song: Put On Typed by: 6334@verona.k12.wi.us Intro: Put them on, put them on Shiesty motherfuckers Recognize that check it PMD: Yo we build and destroy, black Benz's and the convoy Use a different 9 to valoy, metal, money caught it in his velcro Another shell split his elbow, a good fellow Like Jimmy Chochimes, he tote two nines, two dimes Caught the guard block and at the shoe shine Yeah he just got word about his man James Dean from Queens Hit a bank and shot a guard in the spleen With Bill Blast, he made a dash smash the cash Ran two blocks pulled off the ski mask But then started flippin', forced in the phat whip and People started talkin', po-po started sniffin',plus He never hit James Dean with the cream So James put a hit to catch him on the scene The police got a tip from a girl he use to run with Sell guns with, trees and mack clips, yeah She was nice, drove a 5-0 twice, on the cell all night With more hoes than Heidi Fleiss And the girl drove a black Infinity, moving keys to Kennedy Different name everyday fake identity They made a deal and copped a plea and turned state  So at the house the police wait with Jeds caught him in his 8 50 that's how the streets be moving shiefty Found Billy and he slipped and paid quickly Different day but the same song, life goes on So watch the street kid, cause it's a put on Hook: That's how it goes down, down on the under (x2) Erick Sermon: I seen Will on the corner, Flatbush and Park Slope Shippin' two pounds of coke with 2 O.G.'s in his bear coat Chrome neena, rollin' with this bitch named Catrena Undercover queena that pack a street sweeper 5 years for doin' Fed time for extortion And a jail up in Boston for major jewel flossin' Hits safes quickly can hear a black Jamie Summers Pick the right numbers and have mad runners Or Hardcore Lil' Kim, Queen Bee Bitch  Who never snitch, played the game and never rode the bench Will swear up and down this bitch will kill at will For her family, no fantasy, a James Colamity Time for the score, from Hammerton to Marine Park Gotta get there, before it get dark, we arrive She reload the black 45, concealed by the waist line And nows hte time, she jumped out the car In front was a Hummer, two new comers, I never seen before I approached tall Joey "Who's those guys lookin' wise? Had my black ass surprised."  A-yo yo yo it's a set up, where's the doe, uh Where's the loot, give it to me and don't get cute Catrina pulled the weapon, shot Joey The other two guys pulled out and aimed, explain Yo, she hid the two kids with Joey, she didn't know Cause she paid more doe for 'em Will screamed "You bitch!" "Sorry" she said Then boow! Will got lit That's how it goes down, down on the under They drove off quickly in the black Hummer Never trust no matter what the dance or song Cause it could be a put on Hook (x4) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: EPMD f/ Keith Murray, Redman Album: Back in Business Song: K.I.M. Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Redman] Nah nah, check this out, yo I grab my dick, spit, hit the blinkers, split the Dutch Coronas, tokin irons without permits Repetoire long-faced murderer's the shit Black Bruce Willis mix tape arsonist Esquire, for hire, with total rapid fire Supplier to any Tom Dick Jerry Maguire You chose the right man to get the plan executed I get the situation happening before you shoot it Flow direct-or, suprise you like guess what? The hotter I spit I'm trippin off smoke detectors Who next up to get dressed up, I don't pop corks I pop New York with a dot til import The art then the craft, will split you in half I'm a Hurricane you a Miller Genuine Draft While you push a S-Class I'm riding on a giraffe Uptown, naked, smoking a bag with hash, check it Shut your windows and lock your doors Whores scream louder than Berrymore when I pour And when me and my crew walk we walk on all fours Atomic Dogs, packed in a black Yukon 	Chorus [Erick Sermon] John Blaze, I keep y'all niggaz rockin for days Boriquas, to eses, around the ways my own Mix Tape DJ, I Flex You don't have a clue when I'm doin ya who is he I gets busy, word up Come now player look in my eyes you think I'm bluffin A five year span turned nuttin into somethin And don't get familiar, your whole entourage don't be feelin ya, behind your back they straight killin ya (Who am I?) The Ex-Headbanger bad motherfucker High on Friday with Chris Tucker I be a Headbanger to my very last breath Even Jermaine Dupri think I'm SoSoDef K.A., Shawn Mims, I come from a long line of Geechies Who didn't care, blow Camp Lo Luchinis I transform like Spawn, takes no time  for me to get on, to the break of dawn, word 	Chorus [Parrish Smith] PMD, the Purple Heart admiral Blow your spot and left shrapnel then escaped in the Benz capsule Harder than a NFL tackle, back to bite the Big Apple Southpaw, raw since I was a Sophomore Before I met Jane in the corridor The mentals, rapper slash entrepeneur with more action than Roger Moore Turn your cabbage into coleslaw, with the four four Spray Windex on your glass jaw Shatter it, fuckin with P, is hazardous Iced out Lazarus started and manufactured this My Squad's wild like the Manimals on Geographic Smash you bastards on some crab shit EPMD's the group the Squadron is the click Transmit, lyrical grit, time to shift cause I'm 	Chorus [Keith Murray] Keith Murray, the holder of the boulder Lyrical analyst mental roller coaster flower Money folder, track blower, MC overthrower I flow witcha two at a time, like Noah I goes off to the beat, on the edge of reality and kick rhymes in my sleep, and battle Mortality Finally, every dimension know Keith Y'all egotistical simple-minded niggaz is pitiful and weak I'll give you a G a week for life, if you can defeat me I kick poetry at a high rate of mortality At static, lyrical Kraftmatic, smokin barkin like a dog, breathin like an asthmatic Lyrical sculpture create fly rap sculpture Ninety-eight Headbanger boy, yeah I told ya Total chaos, helter skelter, run for shelter Here comes the lyrical brain melter I be maxin and relaxin, attractin action Flippin more big ol words than Jesse Jackson My shit knock don't it, drive you crazy if you loan it Man I feel for my opponents 	Chorus (to end) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: EPMD f/ Nocturnal Album: Back in Business Song: Dungeon Master Typed by: 6334@verona.k12.wi.us Intro: Yeah, EPMD, yeah, Nocturnal (Nocturnal cats). A-yo check it. Nocturnal:	 Yo Dungeon Master, time to draw let's see who's faster Too late, blast him with 5 slugs from the ghetto blaster You slow with yours (yours) had to reach for the guard at the law Card more gangsters on radar, with the night vision Green spreen navy seals, all star marine mercenary in the mind Feild, take you way down, underground the Earth's surface A 100 leeks, flatline ? Erick Sermon: E Dub the mic killer, the off and oner My jawa past willie, I'm higher than marajuana My styles foreign, look at me as a Guinesse, Vietnemes A lad overseas, clockin' major G's I tote 3 50's, 7's with the wooden handle In case of a scandle, or a so called vandal And if I let off and he gets hit And if you miss him, go home and light a candle Hook: Yo with cyphers our tradition, then I'm a spill when I'm spittin' This vocal ammunition (X2) Nocturnal: Yo I spit ferroshis, here's another dosage I'll capture your mind like hypnosis, so you should focus  On what hip hop mean to you, whether physical or in your spiritual Form, liver than your black college dorm Indecisive niggas swarm lets git it on You know my motto, drinkin' cold on some cotoroto Tall bottels until my legs wobble, blow your spot Drink lots like Freddie Foxx, shits fully knocked It's hotter than lava rocks, I'm gainin interest like when LL said "Box" And Crush Groove, I freak the ill power move Kid I"m on fire, flippin' on MC's like David Banner Changing his back tire, admire, the raw indivorce Cat's is played out like theater dogs, nothing for this Hold you scoreless, Jersey reppin', flowin' with the legends Using mics for weapons, studying all my lessons So prepare for this paper run, I hit your cypher Have your crew sayin' "We should of taped son" Mavrick, Top Gun, shootin' missles I prefer 40's over Cristal, I hit the path at the turnstyle Nocturnals tactics is wildout like a T-Rex, at Jurassic Park Making music with my mouth like Biz Mark Rougher than Tim's at Galheart, check my street smarts Plus credentials, microphones as untencils Like spoons and forks, celebratin' pop the corks Off the Moey if you felt me know you know me EPMD and Nocturnal in your fuckin' ? Hook (X4) Outro: Yeah yeah Nocturnal son. Nocturnal, EPMD, you know what's up, you know what's up. You know what I'm saying. This is how we do. Reppin' for the crew. Jersey fuckin' too. Hell yeah, hell yeah. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: EPMD Album: Back in Business Song: Jane 5 Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Parrish Smith] Haircut, like Anita Baker "Murder?/Yeah murder one son, for the death of Jane" (repeat 4X) Aiyyo they came to my jail cell, and let me go on technicalities The girl that got merked it wasn't Jane it was fuckin Valerie The prostitute from downtown, we checked the dental records Found her butt naked, and on the side EPMD record Two hours later on Greyhound, on my way now Peeped the shorty up front, starin wants to play now Set gets laid out, she black, draws the gat Screamin 'lay flat' then bust a cap as she walk back Remain cool, I want the money quality jewels And anybody breakin these rules they get two's This is a jack, pass the money back, no eye contact Relax, and keep quiet and pass the bag back to my accomplice, havin no nonsense That's when another girl pushed up, white girl on some calm shit Thinkin quick that's when the hammer went click An off-duty P.O., licked off and touched first bitch, she fell Hit the floor, she was leakin My partner cock back, blast, one woman started screamin Who's next? Who wanna flex? Cop in the seat wet Licked another shot off, hit the driver then the bus tipped Shit's thick, that's when she grabbed me took me hostage Told me 'snatch the bags and don't fuck with my props kid' Pistol still smokin, she kicked the fuckin door open Bus on it's side wheels spinnin, with the engine smokin Runnin on the shoulders, she put the gat in the holster Played it cool, and never lost my composure As screamin soldier got closer, I followed her to the drop point, she took the leads off a Range Rover and passed me the keys, proceeded to roll trees Shorty gained her silence, guess what was in the CD And as I did the knowledge the Jeep raised from the hydraulic I'm thinkin, "Could this be Jane as my co-pilot?" Time to activate, JANE on the license plate Pushin ninety-five with no headlights, on the interstate "Murder?/Yeah murder one son for the death of Jane" (repeat 8X) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: EPMD Album: Back in Business LP/How to Be a Player soundtrack Song: Never Seen Before * Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash * original and "Remix" are the same lyrics with different beats [E] Peace to Chuck [P] Chuck D [E] Yeah, uhh  You're not tellin em huh? Yeah [Erick Sermon] They go ohh and ahh when I jump in my car People treat me like Kareem Abdul Jabbar when I'm supreme rap star, they all know me E.D., when I flash the greens on TV MC's be robbin me, of my technique The way I speak, the way I get down, the way I sound And if you axe/ask me, they must be on the jock of the innovator (one two), rock roll bounce to skater [Parrish Smith] OK fuck it, enough with the tight shit, grab the mic quick Hollywood niggaz, put it down spit some hype shit EPMD Erick and Parrish, Makin Dollars with the rap scholars keep the show packed like funeral parlors Deadly, murderous I know you heard of us Holdin shit down on the block, nobody servin us (yeah son) The E Double and Mic Doc, Boondox Def Jam's off the meter yo, this shit is hot Chorus: EPMD [P] Never seen before, or heard before  The uncut raw [E] I'm Erick Sermon [P] and I'm Parrish Smith (repeat 2X) [Erick Sermon] Check it, now I'm back with the flyest material Mic Doc and E Dub the Grand Imperial My mic's deadly, so I scratched off the serial and stashed it, until I have to kill at will Keep it movin, yes it's me in the flesh it's no illusion, fuck around and catch minor contusions Whatever, I'm Smokin Joe when it comes to rap I'm a pro-fessional, Tiger Woods I'm good [Parrish Smith] Time to black out, no doubt, people wanna know about the inside scoop with the group, and are they comin out Damn skippy I'm tipsy, high like a hippie Don't take drinks from strangers cause niggaz slip mickies That's why I stay on Q/cue, like Omar Epps in J-U I-C-E so chill and bust the debut In rare form the false alarm's the Mic Don's back in effect, snap that neck, the P's gone Chorus [E] Never say never [P] What? EPMD's back together [E] And if it gets warm take off the hot sweater [P] Flip the ill slick flow (flow) [E] Watch us throw (throw) [P] down with the other brothers toe to toe [E] And if ya slow ya blow [P] That's why we comin with the ammo [E] Yo ten year veterans [P] A thousand rap sessions [E] Yeah the hard rockers [P] The crowd shockers [E] The head knockers [P] Yeah EPMD's off the rockers Chorus 2X [E] Yeah, uh, uh, uh-huh, yeah [P] Dude whassup [E] Yeah that was dope, word up  EPMD for Nine-What, whatever, yeah, uh-huh...  Sample this shit, word up! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: EPMD Album: Out of Business Song: Intro Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Erick Sermon] EPMD Erick and Parrish Millenium Ducats Squadron, uh-huh .. [DJ Scratch] .. [Erick Sermon] Hah, let me introduce my DJ, Scratch the black Balboa I'm Erick Sermon, the dope rhyme blower My DJ Scratchatori, interesting like, war stories with EPMD, the fame and the glory The Boy Wonder, the second Nature, the Arnold Schwarzeneggar _The Eraser_, upon the crossfader From Brook-lyn, Albany Projects Been around the world with the DJ sets, catchin wreck [Parrish Smith] Yo the track drives me to excel Scratch is dangerous like a third rail Got the feel like braille, stayed charged like a Duracell The show-stopper, knockin cats out like Rock'em'Sock'em Can't stop him, so playa hatin is your only option Hands quicker than Roy Jones with no headphones BK Albany PJ's where my man zone EPMD and Scratch, the quarterback Meltin wax, flippin more tracks than Amtrak .. [DJ Scratch] .. * The Lady of Rage sample * "Cause I'ma break it down to the nitty gritty one time  When it comes to the" [scratch] "I gets busy with mine" [Erick Sermon] It's on now baby.. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: EPMD Album: Out of Business Song: Pioneers Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Erick Sermon] And you don't quit Yeah, pioneers one time (one time, two times) Yeah, Erick Sermon boy [Parrish Smith] Yeah, we rap, where you at? (mic check) 	"Check this out!" Aiyyo, who wanna step up and get their cranium cracked from my man +Louis+ from the +Ville+, Slugger baseball bat Cock back gats, cause rugged apparel's where it's at So stand back, we flash a nine before the jack and squeeze triggers blazin at one-hit wonder niggaz like Smoothe Da Hustler I still sneak over and fuck your babysitter No quitter, microphone's my transmitter which clocks figures, in return, the track's the _Gold Digger_ [Erick Sermon] Huh me? I buy ice for no one Rap shogun, so I bought myself a gun Yeah Dunn, ain't the one to be steppin to son I agree with Slick Rick, you cats is crumbs My squad gets Dumb and Jim Carrey you ought the buildin messin around with God's children I take action, like film crews You against me, face to face, you'll lose! Chorus: Erick Sermon, Parrish Smith (repeat 2X) [E]	Here comes two big pioneers, Rolex watches 	Cars by the pairs, in stock we got shares EPMD.. "That's right!" [P]	Legendary, hardcore b-boy is the pedigree [Erick Sermon] P and I don't stop, we don't quit, who's seein em? On tracks, we Ruff Ryde like D and them Then case the joint, like an agent, that's secret Cats hate, so we on point frequent E keep it decent, had to smack a dude recent right down the block, from the precinct See you a punk, that talk too lenient When I speak to a motherfucker, I MEAN IT! [Parrish Smith] So Open Sesame, and let down the main gate But before you scream EPMD, you should wait Cause we roll with a posse, from Strong Long to Canarsie QBC, Boogie Down Bronx, back to Marcy Pass that kiko, I drop a verse that sound slick yo and your chick know, P's hungry, like the hippoes Suck on no nipples, but duck cats, quick to stick you like a pin-up, workin out, and doin chin-ups Chorus [Erick Sermon] Huh, aiyyo my style flows, say it liquidates It's best when it hits the beat and catch the breaks Two time felon, fuck around with me and my man pussycat and catch two to the melon! [Parrish Smith] Then I be like, "Yep yep," just like Teddy, +Raw+ like Eddie Sweaty, when I hold shit down and bake like Betty And when I want things to move, I blink like +Bewitched+ to handle shit in the dark, red lights, with the laser hit Chorus The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: EPMD Album: Out of Business Song: Right Now Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash 	Right here, right now? [Erick Sermon] (Parrish Smith) Yeah, uh-huh Uh-huh Ah y'all know what, that is, yo, uh-huh (E-Dub) Uh-huh, uh-huh, y'know what that is, word up (Wax and tax em) The Squadron, PMD, Erick Sermon (Millenium Ducats) Yo, yo.. uh-huh Def Jam [Erick Sermon] Excuse me! I'm tryin to earn a mere buck or two Yo my name's E-Dub, so who the fuck are you? I'm lockin it down now, and that's that I'm the bigga nigga, supreme vigor figure with cap Hold your gat, I can't control the sound If the beat grabs you up, then hold yourself down Captivates, give it raw to the kick and snare like UHH-HUH.. YEAH YEAH.. [Parrish Smith] I love it when my jewels dangles could see stars, like the Bangles When you approach me, adress me as Mr. like Bojangles Death Decepticon, bad intentions when we reppin on microphones, step in the set and start flexin on your big man, don't lose focus and watch the quicksand Kill the drama, my nigga lean on cats, like a kickstand Fuck it, Erick and Parrish Millenium Ducats Fully flossed out, two G's, Fisherman bucket Chorus: EPMD (repeat 2X) Who? EPMD got checks to cash What what? Drop bombs for the clubs to blast When? Right now, so my crew could flash Where? Right here, get the money and stash [Erick Sermon] Aiyyo what's that song, that got the average dude playin the fool, hittin the bong with Cheech and Chong What? Me and Mic Doc rock the spot like we're up with more technique, than Bruce Lee with num-chuks (wha-TAH) Pure player, my rap flow's athletic Workout seven albums - rap calisthetics EPMD now.. here to getcha with a blow, you coulda sworn Roy Jones hit ya [Parrish Smith] Cats can't hold me, Erick and Parrish, we hold the trophy Scorn your team all day so I suggest you change your goalie cause I'm hype again, with E Double, on the mic again Crack a 40, spark a L, then pop a ?Perkadan? Straight off tiggy, ridin shotgun with my niggy No diggy, E and P tight like Lenny and Squiggy Sundullah, no one cooler than the rap ruler And to the cats out there frontin, yo, you can't fool us Chorus [Erick Sermon] Aiyyo, stop, drop, and roll, we on fire And we won't stop rockin til we retire Who said we _Out of Biz_? That there was a liar I'm Sammy Sosa, and P's Mark McGwire Home run hitters, with black tar beneath the eye If you wanna hate me, do it now, try I'm lethal, take it back to EPMD third album and do it _For My People_ [Parrish Smith] I jump out the plane and hanglide Hit the ice and slip-slide Niggaz don't get it, EPMD status, correct me if I'm mistaken, currently record breakin and still bakin like Kevin to Footloose only difference we keep the sytsem quakin Dusk to dawn, word is bond You fuck with EPMD, Erick and Parrish, the shit is on Cause we roll with a street team that donate posters Quick to roast ya Run up with the gat cocked back, clap, and smoke ya Chorus The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: EPMD Album: Out of Business Song: Check 1, 2 Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Erick Sermon] EPMD.. Def Jam.. blazin.. Check it, uh-huh, YO It's E-Dub on the microphone My style be Elektra, I'm the male Syl Rhome Homes, walk around with forty-four chrome on safety, spike the mic in the endzone This here ain't the average shit, you used to Front, and automatic rounds, will shoot you So knock it off, like Biggie Smalls said Duke you soft Why you wanna fuck with the boss? [Parrish Smith] Where should I start? Breakin MC's or shatterin charts? It's Diablo, PMD Mic Doc with the purple heart The go-getter, getter, get wit 'er, hit 'er-split 'er Front and back, and if she wit it, straight in the shitter So heidi heidi heidi hydro, pack gats and ammo +Funky Piano+, van like the fuckin ?tano? with more cheese than Lambeau, more heat than Rambo Break down dismantle when I scramble Chorus: Erick Sermon (Parrish Smith) *repeat 2X* I just get down, and I go for mines Say check 1, 2 -- and run down the line (Inclined to shine) with techs and (forty-four mags and nines) Don't get too close because you might get shot [Erick Sermon] Uhh, yo, ey, and yo EPMD, fuckin with us is bad news Me and you got different views What you might say is dope, I say's not What I might call wack, you'll call hot The best thing for you, is to think and hope or get choked, and hung with +The Velvet Rope+ Cause you too theatrical, mess around and end up smackin you, jackin you, attackin you [Parrish Smith] That's why it's crucial, so stay neutral to collect the cash double beaucoup, just rippin up mics, is what my crew do Whatever suits you, pull out the burner, fuck the shoot through roadblocks and smear campaigns, with the two-two or tech nine, that'll chew, through your waistline I'm accurate, don't waste mine, spit on bassline Run with the unseen potential to be on Dateline I don't fake mine, you blaze crazy, while I pace mine [Erick Sermon] Yeah, now why y'all wanna mess with the vets? We've been doin this shit, since _Dear Yvette_, check I make shit that make you wanna smack your producer and ice grill him, and make you wanna kill him dead and walk around leakin, in the bed for the weekend for playin with the last Mohican ?Madi gon? - that's fuck you in Puerto Rican Keep quiet when you hear grown men speakin [Parrish Smith] Or get smacked, this ain't no game, the shit is serious Delerious, that's how we leave cats and niggaz curious The true legend, got caught shit you better call Kevin Big like Dog 40 and the Dutch from the 7-11 I'm danger like Norris the Texas Ranger The mic strangler, PMD, the fuckin _Head Banger_ Mo' skills fo' real for them cats that kill Pump a nine on the reg behind penetentiary steel Chorus The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: EPMD f/ M.O.P. Album: Out of Business Song: Symphony Typed by: rapforum@hotmail.com [Parrish Smith] Huh, Erick Sermon, EPMD, check it, M.O.P. Erick and Parrish Millenium Ducats Hold me down, hold me down *echoes*... [PMD]	Yeh.. Erick Sermon.. EPMD.. check it [E-Dub]	Redman.. Method Man.. Lady Luck.. Def Jam [PMD]	Erick and Parrish Millenium Ducats 	Hold me down, hold me down (*echoes*).. Uhh.. yo! I grab the mic and grip it hard like it's my last time to shine I want the chrome and the cream so I put it down for mine Ill cat, slick talk, slang New York To break it down to straight English, what the fuck you want? Remember me? You punk faggot crab emcee Get your shit broke in half for fuckin around with P Aiyyo strike two, my style Brooklyn like the Zoo Hey you, look nigga, one more strike you through Word is bi-dond, rock Esco, FUBU, and Phat Fi-darm Every time I get my spit on, no doubt, I spark the gridiron I step up and bless the track and spit a jewel We keeps cool, no need for static, I strap tools [M.O.P]	Next up! [E-Dub]	Yo I believe that's me [PMD] 	Yo, get on the mic and rock the Symphony [Erick Sermon] Yo P! Time to rock, the sound I got, it reigns hot Makin necks snap back, like a slingshot E hustle, and muscle my way in then tussle for days in, on my own with guns blazin Not for the fun of it, just for those who want me to run it Then leave them like -- who done it? Sucka duck, I do what I feel right now When I spit the illest shit, cats be like, "Wow!" YO! I get looks when I'm in the place That's that nigga, makin you +Smile+ with Scarface Uhh, +It Ain't My Fault+, that my style Silkk enough to Shock ya Hit you with the fifth, block-a block-a If I get caught you can bet I'll blow trial Be +Downtown Swingin+, M.O.P. style [M.O.P. & ES] NEXT UP! [Billy Danze] Yo I believe that's me [ErickSermon] Yo (Danze) get on the mic and rock the Symphony [Billy Danze] Say hello to the devil Danze'll kick Whenever tragic hit, It's (E)(MO-PMD) blastin shit Put in work in this cold game Soldier *echoes* I use work as code name Told ya, line em up its Soul Train (B-r-r-r-r-r-ra!) And I give em the whole thing My family has been trained, to swat em if they blast it Hit em and make em do a gimme backflip (bad shit) I'm donatin a casket We have raised hell in midtown and gunned down in traffic (Tell em what you sayin) Get the bozac Before I tear your maggot ass flat (BOOM BOOM) They're back [M.O.P.] NEXT UP! [L Fame] Yo I believe that's me [BDanze] (Fame!) Get on the mic for the Symphony [Lil' Fame] For gettin the real, straight from B'Ville Motherfuckers don't like Fame cause I'm not cream filled I feel what I speak so I speak what I feel Sleep and I will, reap and I kill Motherfuck (who know) jump out a HUGO Open up your back with a mac, UNO UNO Ghettoville nigga, I break all laws Drink brews, curse out bitches, and piss on walls This rap game is a street game now, the game switched Rappers are gettin killed now with the same shit I ain't no motherfuckin role model, kids don't follow Cause I'ma hit this bitch full throttle The type to RAISE UP 5-0 in your lobby Rap is my relgion, yeah, bitin is a hobby Show love when you meet us, its love when you greet us Or THE FIRST FAMILY will come kill you with the heaters BLAH *echoes* The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: EPMD Album: Out of Business Song: Hold Me Down Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Erick Sermon] Mm-hmm, hold me down Hold me down Hold me down Ah yeah yeah hold me down Yeah uh-huh uh-huh, hold me down Word up, ye-yeah, a-yeh, to hold me down Eh te eh te eh, hold me down Word to, everybody that, hold me down Huh? Ah-huh, yo, what? Aiyyo P back me up now, hold me down while I go around this town, snatchin crowns from those supposed, wannabe rap vocalists If you nice get your rope and dosey-do in this Let me know somethin - you wanna fight? Let's go somethin If not, close your mouth and say nothing Y'all imitations, fuckin up the whole situation with sucker MC infiltration [Parrish Smith] Aiyyo straight up, you light MC's better get your weight up I'm benchin three hundred and change, starvin cats get ate up Ain't that ill? How I can just stare, and watch the blood spill from an unknown rapper, but now the rapper's no thrill Now how real is that? Burnin gats, knifes and bats Hot rhyme, status, with the hot wax Mixed with the street slang, is where it's at Perhaps, you should close your mouth kid and slide back [P]	Yo E, hold me down [E]	I'm holdin you down 	Yo P, hold me down [P]	I'm holdin you down 	Yo E, hold me down [E]	I'm holdin you down 	PMD, hold me down [P]	I'm holdin you down 	Yo E, hold me down [E]	I'm holdin you down 	PMD, hold me down [P]	I'm holdin you down 	Yo E, hold me down [E]	I'm holdin you down 	PMD, hold me down [P]	I'm holdin you down [Parrish Smith] You got shit harder than this, Erick Serm' and Parrish Smith? What's this? Piped out five, with the kit? And millions to back it, keep it rugged never wack kid This ain't just rhymin, God's on the way, and he's askin who's been followin the rules, two noided, so we strap tools and can't cool, this go out to the cats in school It's not the norm, word bond, so get ready for the rainstorm Too hot, fuck lukewarm, when we swarm [Erick Sermon] Yeah we swarm MC's with the bee effect, zzzzz, sting em like Muhammad, set the scene I'm bombin on CEO's, A&R's, street team to a manager For the cream, we damage ya On light-skinned, dark-skinned, albino From a crackhead, dopefiend, or wino Bring the Ultra-ment, stick you with the Magnetic Give a shout, to them sweet cats, rap diabetics [E]	Yo P, hold me down [P]	I'm holdin you down 	Yo E, hold me down [E]	I'm holdin you down 	Yo PMD, hold me down [P]	I'm holdin you down 	Yo E, hold me down [E]	I'm holdin you down 	Yo PMD, hold me down [P]	I'm holdin you down 	E-Dub, hold me down [E]	I'm holdin you down 	Mic Doc, hold me down [P]	I'm holdin you down 	Green Eyed Bandit, holdin it down [E]	Yeah, I'm holdin you down [Parrish Smith] Niggaz tryin to jam the frequency, when on the low they be peepin me and the E, DJ Scratch, EPMD The Dream Team, who fiend for the cream since sixteen Dodgin po-nine and marks, with the high beams God-body, rap style, Mazerrati Catchin bodies, E Double holdin shit down with the sawed off shotty What you thought? We takin more than nickels and shorts? Get the fuck out of here, nothin sweet here, you get your shit torched [Erick Sermon] I spit flames at Oklahoma When done, you can smell the Sermon aroma In a coma, burned to death, man listen Did he deserve, the kicked to the curb, ass whippin? Believe you me, it was his destiny for the child to end for fuckin with men P and I got somethin for all y'all who stand tall, and dose dat like to ball So we ball like Spalding, in the time of need who you calling when your career is falling? Ssshh, way down, you've been hit, lay down Hit the ground, don't get up, stay down Relax a minute, you shouldn'ta put your two cents in it Now you up a creek, in the back of a car that's rented The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: EPMD f/ Busta Rhymes Album: Out of Business Song: Rap is Still Outta Control Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Busta Rhymes] Rap is outta control! Hey, hey rap, rap.. (for sure dude) wait what, wait Aiy, rap is outta control Hold on! [B.R.]	Yeah yeah yeah yeah, yi-yeah yeah yeah yi-yeah yeah [P.S.]	Erick and Parrish, Busta Bus, check it [B.R.]	This is one of my favorites [P.S.]	Aight? So check it, check it [B.R.]	Yeah [P.S.]	Outta control [E.S.]	F'real, rap is outta control, like that (For sure dude!) [P.S.]	PMD, still Makin Dollars [E.S.]	Uh-huh, rap's outta control (For sure dude!) [both]	Yo, yo.. [Erick Sermon] I be pulsatin dominatin, up above Run-D.M.C. style, stop and show love E-Dub, I can't fall off, it's no way, I'm down low I stay in the cut with O.J. The fact is, some things got to change with eight or more rappers that sound the same With the, same game, like they all in the same gang and claim the same fame Suicide victims, quick to jump off and scream I have to die, I'm livin a lie Fake MC's no heart, get torn apart Messin with us? In ninety-nine, get smart I be the last one you wanna play with Rap committees call me, just to okay shit Focus on me, I grab the mic and drop gems on a ill rhyme, more flashier than rims Step in in tan Timb's, a pocket full of ends with a couple of friends and a couple of hens Never boring, keep shit rocking til morning with the bird, until the hawks start hawking Bounce with me, me and my man keep things hittin Hop in the Benz 2000 Benz with the CD skippin EPMD, who's fuckin with it Outta control like 2Pac in _Juice_, character Bishop Who's inferior? My Squad be Def and we ain't hearin ya, lounge in the black interior Because.. [Busta Rhymes] HAH! Yes.. ha, rap is outta control! Ha, hey hey rap is outta control! (for sure dude) Yo, aiy, rap is outta control! (for sure dude) Aiyyo, ey, rap is outta control! [Parrish Smith] Yo, they took our music and our beat and tried to make it street Then got in the magazine and tried to sound all sweet When it came to EPMD no one said a word So I called up Erick Sermon and said, "This shit's absurd!" Now we flip the bird, back-breakin MC's down like herbs Redlinin, bendin my chrome rims up on curbs So can you make a bill and chill and survive in the rap field? Flip deals, and cock back burners when the caps peel? I don't think so, then come next the car repo No mo' contract, just strictly handyman in Home Depot So don't front for me or the E, cause you know our steez EPMD, blazin shit, Def 2G's Cause we make tape and break MC's who wannabeez and gonna-beez, burn em down to third degrees You heard of me, ain't no one checkin or servin me I'll turn your 411 into the 911 emergency Surgeon see [Busta Rhymes] Hah.. hah, rap is outta control! Hey, hey rap, rap .. wait, what wait (for sure dude) Hey, rap is outta control! Hold on Wait wait, rap rap is outta control! And yes yes y'all (yes y'all) ay, yes y'all (yes y'all) Aiyyo kick it E! [Erick Sermon] I stand tall I won't fall, I recall ha hah, your rhymes stall when you bust caps Make sure they krytonite caps I'm made of steel, I swat bullets like gnats I'm like, (*singing*) Superman... fly high... .. way up in the sky .. And if you try to shoot me down clown I won't die I cremate [Parrish Smith] I hate, let's exterminate Wait for a second E, time to debate As we take our Fisherman hat off, there's no time to max on the crab MC, who's all on the bozack who knows that, 2000 Benz to shows that yo, sold out crowd, where's the hoes at? And the Old Gold black, icy cold fat Wack MC's yo, where's your clothes at? End the drama, that's word to your momma.. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: EPMD Album: Out of Business Song: The Fan Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Erick Sermon] Yeah yeah, uh-huh, word up Yo, yo-yo.. YO Aiyyo this here's procedure, rock MC's durin my leisure time I spend to do em in The sound pumps hard, and runs right through ya When it hits, it reacts like a airbag to ya Some flip to it, small kids might skip to it and jail cats get rep to it You get, by on record but you wack on stage So I'm, blowin you up, throwin hand grenades [Parrish Smith] That's why we roll with the big boys with big toys, bringin crazy noise and ruckus shuttin down crews and motherfuckers in low beta, not to be fucked with like the swamp gator potato, on the barrel of the snub nosed when I blaze ya As I, dust bust, crush and rush Catch you flossin nigga, turn your ice physi' into slush So yo, what's the deally for really We rock nine untilly, grindin like Billy So niggaz chill and spark the Phillie Chorus: Parrish Smith (repeat 2X) Yo, I know you was a fan of mine I know you was a fan of mine I know you was a fan of mine Here's my card and on the back of it's my fan club digits [Erick Sermon] Uh, aiyyo takin our spot, that's outrageous P and I stomp those who get courageous And microphones get rocked on stages Any book or mag, we on a few pages Not commercial, not frontin, and no movie I swear, cause we take it there Billboard's top ten, that's tradition Comin through blastin with mad ammunition [Parrish Smith] Five-alarmer, microphone bomber, woman charmer Night in armor, penthouse view, with the sauna God damnit, pass me the rock, and watch me slam it Jam it cram it, until you stupid niggaz understand it It's been a long time, MC crabbin bitch niggaz runnin Wack MC's we straight stunnin when we roll up, unexpected, undetected Resurrected, EPMD second wind, fuel-injected Chorus [Erick Sermon] Word yeah, tell em P, yo I never seen y'all before, when I came through with my dogs headbangin with the - Hit Squad crew Hardcore, we got biz from the get go Any beef with us, we ain't lettin shit go E-Dub, no one replacin me If there's a spot, then find a vacancy Boy, I own my style, while y'all got leases I get the whole pie, while y'all get pieces [Parrish Smith] That's why we own, bitin our shit, we don't condone News flash, Erick and Parrish, we got it sewn And like I'm Damon we Dash for the cash, mash for the fash' Bashin the rash, double up P, straight on smidash So stop playin, serious like _So What Cha Sayin'?_ In Apollo sold out with Redman, fuckin headbangin to the street corners, the back alleys, to the Cali valleys EPMD in effect, chillin as the scans tally The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: EPMD Album: Out of Business Song: Draw Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash * old Western for first 40 seconds * [Erick Sermon] Anybody around here seen Two-Gun Billy? I said, did anybody around here seen Two-Gun Billy? (Ain't no Two-Gun Billy 'round here  Who the hell you think you are, comin up in here ya damn yankee?) [Erick Sermon] You just pull a gun out on me? Now you know you done fucked up right? * five gunshots * Now, if any one of y'all see him Tell him that, EPMD was in town.. [Parrish Smith] Draw, cock it back, squeezin metaphors Spurs on my Timb's, when I start blazin, hit the floor Cowards duckin, I'm emptyin chambers when I'm bustin Quick with mine, smokin up heaters, when I'm crushin Nice with the weapontry, you ain't shootin me you shot the deputy (ahhhhh) what you hearin when you step with the black dragon, puffin L's in the truck wagon Drinkin moonshine, writin rhymes with the pants saggin And hit the saloon, causin the guns in my holster to make room like Josie Wale and Clint Eastwood at High Noon So amigo, take ten paces, move your feet slow Turn around and wave goodbye, to your people Time to draw, I'm aimin for your dome and jaw Fastest nigga in the wild West or East you ever saw An outlaw, my horse drinkin water from the resevoir Time to ride again until next time to draw "Ten nine eight seven six five four  three two murder one lyric at your door" -> Method Man Draw.. 	"Gimme that microphone 	 I'ma show you the real meaning of the danger zone" -> Cool J "Ten nine eight seven six five four  three two murder one lyric at your door" -> Method Man Draw.. 	"Gimme that microphone 	 I'ma show you the real meaning of the danger zone" -> Cool J [Erick Sermon] Hah Those dudes quick fast to grab the mic flee the scene, or see the infrared beam On the mic I dismantle, leave an impression and ruin you, like I'm the Bill Clinton scandal Impeach em, then I Erick can B. President Pass a law, hardcore in the residence Act fool, turn shit out, no doubt the hard route, and watch all the b-boys sprout Air the room out, take a picture, get the zoom out and focus, or go into hypnosis I wasn't here when I wrote this (where was you?) Up the top with the street team hangin out, hangin Squadron posters Me and my dogs homey reppin in case some punks roll up, yo P, flash the weapon Forty-four caliber chrome, read it Can't count ten paces, I'm already heated it P and Erick Sermon is like a Ruger German Put one up in your sternum, gun em down and burn em Any superhero we lettin em know from door Come correct when it's time to draw The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: EPMD f/ 215, 8-Off Agallah Album: Out of Business Song: U Got Shot Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash "You got shot cause you knock knock knocked  Who's there? Another motherfuckin hardrock" -> ODB "Whoa-ho-hoh, let me like slow up with the flow" -> ODB "Introducing, yo FUCK that nigga's name!" -> ODB "If you wanna step to my motherfuckin rep  Chk-chk, BLAOW BLAOW BLAOW, blown traject'" -> ODB "Gimme my fuckin shit, chk-chk, BLAOW!" -> ODB "You got shot cause you knock knock knocked.." [Parrish Smith] On my knees at the mercy of God Straight up back up I keeps it hard You like to watch but can't touch this nigga or catch a charge Papichulo, with karate chops, just like judo Fuckin coolo make you quit rap and go sing with Menudo Underground's where we live and that's where we'll be when you leave Overachieve, I'd rather be rockin Apollo Creed Time to speak up, faggot niggaz droppin these weak cuts We're the b-boys, hows about some hardcore in the speakers for the Mic Dons, ?? ??, PMD shinin with my stripes on in the saddle, fuck around, get your shit rattled No paddles up shit's creek when time to battle Same place, same bat time, so fuck a bat channel This nigga, object of game, get your pockets bigger Biggie, Pac, and Eaze - one love, them still my fuckin niggaz [215] We don't need no gat, just cock me fuckin back and watch me spitfire my ?volerical? fact It's a sign of a miracle that, my iron spittin ain't peelin your cap, me and the devil had a spiritual chat Cause I'm eviler with lyrical rap than a black cat, on a black night, and I'm black in the moonshinin, I'm sippin Starsky and Hutch while my rims blindin, while P rollin the Dutch Cause I'm too much for ma's and grandpa's to solve Roll the windows to your cars, when out at large Who the fuck's in charge? Charles Laston Sauls I got his mom suckin my balls like a fresh pack of Halls Right hand to Allah, I'm the roughest of the raw Nobody's ever seen what they seen and never saw when I jump in my car, they go ooh and ahh EPMD, 215, and 8-Off Agallah [8-Off] Yo 215, who the FUCK was them cats up in the car? One of them got a gat, the other one wanna spar Jumpin out the car, pop a trunk, swingin crowbars Stick up my seeds in my fiends for the G's People low self-esteem rockin the gleam, hotter than steam When I blow off the top I got this cream like Bill Rothstein And when I rob unique excitement is, why you scream So put your hands together, get your mans together Here's the plan together here's the gun together let's run together Soldier mind crime nigga, bitch-down live nigga 8-Off's gonna hit em like, five niggaz, suprise niggaz [Erick Sermon] Aiyyo you hit em like that I bust em from the back, to the extreme Hit em up, make em scream like a bitch And switch up, for the mix up, and dig a ditch up and bounce, then for luck, I throw a six up And hook off like Prince Naseem a head Duck yo' head, or go inside instead Step to me bourgeoise? Fancy as Dandy? You get killed, like you was Jon-Benet Ramsey And some of y'all just plain civilians Talkin shit, and never even seen a million Actin like y'all Sicilians, when y'all niggaz with small figures, and chasin gold diggers (Motherfuckers) Don't even come up to me yappin Or you'll Die Hard with Bruce and Sam Jackson Right now, you wanna duel, you fool I'm a Dogg 4 Life like my nigga Ja Rule Who wanna flex, with the influential with mad credentials on instrumentals we're too essential The mic and the beat, now shit's complete for me to kick your ass, for talkin trash, punk "You got shot cause you knock knock knocked  Who's there? Another motherfuckin hardrock" -> ODB "Whoa-ho-hoh, let me like slow up with the flow" -> ODB "Introducing, yo FUCK that nigga's name!" -> ODB "If you wanna step to my motherfuckin rep  Chk-chk, BLAOW BLAOW BLAOW, blown traject'" -> ODB "Gimme my fuckin shit, chk-chk, BLAOW!" -> ODB "You got shot cause you knock knock knocked.." The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: EPMD Album: Out of Business Song: House Party Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash * one minute and fourty second opening long skit   which features neither Erick or Parrish * It's like this y'all		IT'S LIKE THAT Y'ALL It's like this y'all		IT'S LIKE THAT Y'ALL It's like this y'all		IT'S LIKE THAT Y'ALL [Parrish Smith] This is the year for the barbaric and the cats with skills Underground with the hoodie, fuck keepin it real While you was pissin in your bed, we was makin a mill' Got up, with Erick Sermon, dropped "You Gots 2 Chill" Then niggaz bugged, turned hardcore b-boy, slash thug Givin fake love, with fake hugs, to fake thugs with fake mugs, runnin they mouth with the place bugged And caught a slug, and no one see nothin but mask and gloves [Erick Sermon] Aiyyo likewise I come in strong with no disguise, ruthless It's me, transformed I'm Eazy-E Past the point of rockin the joint I'm blowin the spot, wreckin the scene with my team NFL: Niggaz For Life, so feel that I see a few clowns, so where's the steel at Me and my boys are ready, aim that and hold it steady For those who dream, believe I'm Freddie 	Now yo, if you got more dollars in your pocket 	Put a peace sign in the air if you from the South Bronx 	and let me hear you say Hell yeah			HELL YEAH Say hell yeah			HELL YEAH [Parrish Smith] Aiyyo, I grab the mic and strike, explode and ignite Off the head, reminscin about some shit last night No dough, in the pocket but that shit's alright And these faggots, always stress me so I keep my shit tight Who am I? The cat to put that ass on standby Fuck your sister, then chill with you, then tell her man hi Then start stalkin, three point shot like Hershey Hawkins Takin it back to the Seventy-Sixers like Johnny Dawkins [Erick Sermon] Yo I come through camouflaged with the Squadron entourage Lookin like ghetto superstars EPMD's the name, there's no mistaken I rob you for all you got, and keep takin The blah-blah buck off like a wild Jamaican Earthquakin and dominatin the situation Yes on the scene, the duo, thorough Lettin off, causin ruckus in five boroughs 	Yo this shout out goes to Brownsville, youknowhatI'msayin? 	On ? Avenue, Newport Garden Squadron 	EPMD, youknowhatI'msayin? 	To the Brentwood Posse, somebody just say Make money money, make money money money 		MAKE MONEY MONEY, MAKE MONEY MONEY MONEY Everybody say make money money, make money money money 		MAKE MONEY MONEY, MAKE MONEY MONEY MONEY [Parrish Smith] Yo, who grabs the mic and spit flows while you swing low I'm high off the indo, but straight up, you gets no wins though I like to ill, pop corks and watch the Mo' spill Hundred dollar bills dippin po-nine while my niggaz chill [Erick Sermon] Yo yoyoyoyoyoyoyoyo P chill chill chill Niggaz is in here fightin B Yo lounge out man, god damn, niggaz is always fuckin up shit Just put some shit on they can dance to then The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: EPMD Album: Out of Business Song: The Funk Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Erick Sermon] Uh-huh [Parrish Smith] Yo it's the return (uh-huh) Parrish Smith and Erick Serm' Kid don't mess with fire because you will get burned Cause we earn respective checks, regulated when a nigga flex to get a rep totin mack-10's and techs Hoes and sex, weed and Beck's, and first class flights You name it, niggaz had it, and still got it Always rhymin with a pardon like Roxanne I'm about to cold _Get Retarded_ You know the logo, and on mics, sometimes we flow slow Not loco, universal, type vocal Mogul, so don't make me wild out and have to show you who I am, strapped with E-Double my man Back in Business once again, plus we backed by Def Jam This is the funk (huh) comin out of your trunk Erick and Parrish for years we've been makin it thump From East to West coast, EPMD you pump Icons in hip-hop, takin MC's to lunch Cause it's the funk (funk funk) comin out of your trunk Erick and Parrish for years we've been makin it thump From East to West coast, EPMD you pump Icons in hip-hop, takin MC's to lunch [Erick Sermon] Aiyyo it's E the Elusive, comin through with a dope exclusive Hawkin niggaz, like I'm Yusef Gettin down, makin it happen for those who don't believe the incomporable, comin through stompin you My Squad is Def, and we don't hear nuttin I'm in the back of the crib, on the green puttin I be the boss in this, who the fuck comin through torchin this ball your fists up quick I'm the black Bill Gates, my chips be Micro Bad like Michael, don't make me fight you You a hater, and my crew don't like you On the real you suck, who the hell hyped you? You a comic Russell would say good night too at the Def Jam, screw you and your man Rock the house like BizMark, if so let the fifth spark sometime after dark [Parrish Smith] This is the funk (funk) comin out of your trunk Erick and Parrish for years we've been makin it thump From East to West coast, EPMD you pump Icons in hip-hop, takin MC's to lunch Cause it's the funk (funk) comin out of your trunk Erick and Parrish for years we've been makin it thump From East to West coast, EPMD you pump Icons in hip-hop, takin MC's to lunch The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: EPMD f/ Lady Luck, Method Man, Redman Album: Out of Business Song: Symphony 2000 Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [PMD]	Yeh.. Erick Sermon.. EPMD.. check it [E-Dub]	Redman.. Method Man.. Lady Luck.. Def Jam [PMD]	Erick and Parrish Millenium Ducats 	Hold me down, hold me down (*echoes*).. Uhh.. yo! I grab the mic and grip it hard like it's my last time to shine I want the chrome and the cream so I put it down for mine Ill cat, slick talk, slang New York To break it down to straight English, what the fuck you want? Remember me? You punk faggot crab emcee Get your shit broke in half for fuckin around with P Aiyyo strike two, my style Brooklyn like the Zoo Hey you, look nigga, one more strike you through Word is bi-dond, rock Esco, FUBU, and Phat Fi-darm Every time I get my spit on, no doubt, I spark the gridiron I step up and bless the track and spit a jewel We keeps cool, no need for static, I strap tools Next up! [E-Dub]	Yo I believe that's me [PMD] 	Yo, get on the mic and rock the Symphony [Erick Sermon] Yo P! Time to rock, the sound I got, it reigns hot Makin necks snap back, like a slingshot E hustle, and muscle my way in then tussle for days in, on my own with guns blazin Not for the fun of it, just for those who want me to run it Then leave them like -- who done it? Sucka duck, I do what I feel right now When I spit the illest shit, cats be like, "Wow!" YO! I get looks when I'm in the place That's that nigga, makin you +Smile+ with Scarface Uhh, +It Ain't My Fault+, that my style Silkk enough to Shock ya Hit you with the fifth, block-a block-a If I get caught you can bet I'll blow trial Be +Downtown Swingin+, M.O.P. style Next up! [Red]	Yo yo it's Funk D.O.C. [E-Dub]	Yo, you're on the mic to rock the Symphony [Redman] HeHAHHH! Yo yo Did you ever think you would catch a cap? Yo did you ever think you would get a slap? Yo did you ever think you would get robbed at gunpoint, stripped and thrown out the car? It's Funk Doc, you know my name HOE My style dirty underground, or Ukraine po' When it hits you, pain pumps Kool-Aid, through the vein and shit Snatch the trap then I Dash like Damon did Doc, walk _Thin Red Lines_ to shell shock Hairlock with fuckin broads in nail shops Hydro? Got more bags than bellhops Two thousand Benz on my eight by ten PICTURE Papichu', slayin crews in ICU Battlin, usin hockey rules For Keith Murray, Doc gon' cock these tools Rollin down like dice in Yahtzee fool! I "Just Do It" like Nike, outta 'Bama with ten kids with hammers, hooked to a camper! Yo next up [Meth]	It's the G-O-D [Red]	Yo yo, get on the mic for the Symphony [Method] Youth on the move, payin them dues, nuttin to lose Huh, street kids, broken and bruised, eyein yo' jewels Huh, bad news, barin they souls through rhymin blues _Hardcore_! To make them brothers act fool Hands on the steel, flip you heads over heel *sniff* Smell the daffodils from the lyric overkill *sniff* Feelin like the mack inside a Cadillac Seville *screech* Too ill, on cuts, the Barber of Seville - fi-ga-ro! The sky is fallin - GERONIMO! I feel my high comin down.. LOOKOUT BELOW! AIYYO! Dead that roach clip and spark another Chickenhawks, playin theyselves like Parker Brothers I rock for the low-class, from Locash The broke-assed, even rock for trailer park trash Yeah yeah, the God on your block like Godzilla Yeah yeah -- she gave away my pussy I'ma kill her John John phenom-enon, in Japan they call me Ichiban Wu-Tang Clan, numba won! In the whole nine, I hold mine Keep playin with it kid, you might go blind - jerkoff! Fuck them a.k.a., for now it's just Meth That's it, that's all, solo, single no more no less [all]	NEXT UP! [Lady]	I believe that's me [all]	BASTARD! [PMD]	Get on the mic and rock the Symphony [Lady Luck] Mrs. Stop Drop and Roll, rocks top the told Hot, even though dames is froze Pop close range at foes, and blaze them hoes Leave em with they brains exposed, and stains on clothes Y'all better change your flows, hear how Luck spittin? Stay drunk-pissed in the S-Type, stay whippin *screech* When the guns spittin, duck or get hittin It's written, we in the game but ball different Point game like Jordan, y'all play the role of Pippen Style switchin, like tight ass after stickin MAN LISTEN, stop your cryin and your bitchin Like E and P's last CD, you're out of business The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: EPMD Album: Out of Business Song: Jane 6 Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash ( *** samples from the other "Jane" sagas *** ) [E]	PMD [P]	Y-yo [E]	Won't you do a me a favor? [P]	Yo, chill with the bitch and I'll hook you up later [P]	Jane.. Jane..  [E]	Ha hah [P]	Oh, what a nice name 	Looked her up and down, said, "Hmm, I'll take her" [E]	PMD [P]	Yo [E]	Won't you do a me a favor? [P]	Chill with the bitch and I'll hook you up later [P]	Jane.. Jane..  	Oh, what a nice name 	Looked her up and down, said, "Hmm, I'll take her" [Parrish Smith] Check this out I was hangin out late, creepin a quarter to two Polly with cats, sippin on a 40 of brew Pulled out the Dutch Master cause it's time to get on Turned on the truck system to pump a hip-hop song Five minutes later I see these other kids clockin Meanwhile my niggaz chalmed out with system rockin Sayin in my mind -- who could it be? As he got closer, I peeped, it was the E-Double E I said, "Whattup Duke?" [E]	Yo, whassup Sundullah? 	I have a girl and she wants me to duke her [P]	Yo, why didn't you? [E]	Yo, I woulda hit the skins [P]	That's when I chilled, and peeped the two heads in the Benz 	Gave my crew dap, and hopped the right the fuck on in 	E-Double set it [E]	Yo P, this is Sandy and Lynn, Duke [Parrish Smith] I said yo, what's the deally yo? She said, "Sex, you wanna feely yo?" Lift her skirt with no panties, felt the familio Lookin half filipines, mixed with black in the genes Had to drop the windows, to release the steam ( *** samples from the other "Jane" sagas *** ) [P]	Jane.. Jane..  	Oh, what a nice name 	Looked her up and down, said, "Hmm, I'll take her" [E]	PMD [P]	Yo [E]	Won't you do a me a favor? [both]	Chill with the bitch and I'll hook you up later [P]	Jane.. Jane..  	Oh, what a nice name 	Looked her up and down, said, "Hmm, I'll take her" [E]	PMD [P]	Yo [E]	Won't you do a me a favor? [both]	Chill with the bitch and I'll hook you up later [Parrish Smith] Shorter than short and petite, blazin ass body and physique Five-doggin it, pumpin Jay-Z and Memphis Bleek [Erick Sermon] Burnin somethin, purple chronic, orange or thai On the expressway, 4-9-5 L.I. [Parrish Smith] Straight rollin, nice from the Henny before Shorty wanted to pull over and get a Dutch from the store [Erick Sermon] We parked the Benz, the girls got out and walked right in Copped a 40 and a Dutch, and hopped right back in [Parrish Smith] Tried to pull off, that's when a squad car cut us off Five-oh pulled out and said, "Chill, cause it's the law" ( *** samples from the other "Jane" sagas *** ) [E]	PMD [P]	Yo [E]	Won't you do a me a favor? [P]	Chill with the bitch and I'll hook you up later [P]	Jane.. Jane..  	Oh, what a nice name 	Looked her up and down, said, "Hmm, I'll take her" [E]	PMD [P]	Yo [E]	Won't you do a me a favor? [both]	Chill with the bitch and I'll hook you up later [P]	Jane.. Jane..  	Oh, what a nice name 	Looked her up and down, said, "Hmm, I'll take her" [Parrish Smith] Aiyyo they caught us on a techno (techno) Girls started shakin, gettin petrol Pulled the burner 540, one shot, sunscreen's essential [Erick Sermon] Straight dumpin, no love for the badge and the gun Straight accomplices, now our ass is on the run [Parrish Smith] Now shit's drastic, dodgin and dippin traffic Bitches started regulatin on some flash and blast shit She's out the Benz with the quickness, that's when the shit got real Bitches flipped, hit PMD with the steel [Erick Sermon] And asked him how it feel, jumped right back in grabbed the wheel Told the cats to relax and yo, peep the deal [Parrish Smith] Remember Tommy Twotime, who used to move moonshine? Now he's a bitch nigga, frontin for cats, droppin dimes [Erick Sermon] Yo time to see him, he be hangin at the coliseum Down on 48th and Lex, near the black museum [Parrish Smith] He owe me somethin, when I see him, I'm straight dumpin Catch him four times in the legs, get close and ask him somethin [Erick Sermon] YO WHATTUP GOD? 'Member J, from the schoolyard? Try to floss when I was chillin, HOLD THIS BABY PAH! [Parrish Smith] I looked at E like, "Yo, this bitch is talkin like a dude" Seen the cat across the street, she said, "It's time to move" [Erick Sermon] Ran up on him, he looked like he saw a ghost Tried to run, but J pulled out and flashed the toast [Parrish Smith] Toast told him to bend over, and then the girl lift her dress Pulled out a dick, laced him in the ass, and asked him how he liked it -- kid was cryin in pain 'Member you raped me in the park? Peep _The Crying Game_ [E]	Shocked, snap the hammer [P]	Aiyyo the kid fell slow 	I coulda swore he said, "Yo, don't do it Jane!" ( *** samples from the other "Jane" sagas *** ) [E]	PMD [P]	Yo [E]	Won't you do a me a favor? [P]	Chill with the bitch and I'll hook you up later [P]	Jane.. Jane..  	Oh, what a nice name 	Looked her up and down, said, "Hmm, I'll take her" [E]	PMD [P]	Yo [E]	Won't you do a me a favor? [both]	Chill with the bitch and I'll hook you up later [P]	Jane.. Jane..  	Oh, what a nice name 	Looked her up and down, said, "Hmm, I'll take her" [E]	Chill with the bitch and I'll hook you later [P]	Jane.. [E]	Uhh.. [P]	PMD.. Millenium Ducats [E]	Chill with the bitch and I'll hook you later.. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: EPMD Album: Out of Business: Greatest Hits (Disc Two) Song: It's My Thing * Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash * versions on "Greatest Hits" differ from the original recordings 	{helicopter flies overhead} [Parrish Smith] Yeah time to put it down E Time to put it down E EPMD Millineum Ducats, DefCon 9, 2 G's Uh-huh, yeah Yeah it's like this y'all, it's like that y'all It's like this y'all, it's like that y'all It's like this y'all, it's like that y'all Ay E-Dub check it out MC's out there, you better stand clear EPMD is a world premier From New York straight talk, America's best Cold wild Long Island, is where we rest [Erick Sermon] Style of the rap, makes your hands clap Take care of myself because the lines are strapped Day mean business, no time for play If you bite a line, we'll roll your way The more you bite, your body gets hot Don't get too close, because you might get shot Gnawin at my rhyme like a poisonous rat Don't play Dumbo, you're smarter than that [PMD]	It's my thing [Parrish Smith] The rhythmatic style, keeps the rhyme flowin Good friends already bitin, without you knowin Can't understand, why your body's gettin weaker Then you realize, it's the voice from the speaker The mind become delirious, situation serious Don't get ill, go and get curious [Erick Sermon] Nuff about that, let's get on to somethin better And if gets warm, take off the hot sweater And if you want some water, I'll get you a cup And if you don't want it, then burn the hell up I'm tellin you now boy, you ain't jack Talkin much junk like Mr. T at your back but he's not, so don't act cute Cause if you do you in hot pursuits [PMD]	It's my thing [Parrish Smith] As the song goes on you will notice a change The way I throw down, the way I say my name The mic that I'm packin, is flame resistant So MC be cool, and keep your distance When I walk into the party girls are screamin at me I park my mic and my hoes, and then I yell FREEZE.. .. music please [Erick Sermon] Ah where was I? Oh yes Say a def rhyme then I plumb the rest Everytime I rock a rhyme I can tell that you like it Emotion is strong, like the mind of a psychic The mind is weary, floatin like a dove Sweating and things, like cause you was makin love Control the crowd, so they can accept it Total concentration is the perfect method [PMD]	It's my thing [Parrish Smith] The wack I subtract, the strong I attack The ones who grab the mic and freeze, I throw it back I perfect and eject, make MC's sweat Take em off on the mic then I tell em step Not waiting or debating, cause MC's keep hating Play me too close, like two dogs mating [Erick Sermon] Now let's get on with the rest of the lesson Don't really like it when suckers start messin Tryin to make a scene, talkin very loud Talkin much junk to attract a crowd You say you wanna battle, your first mistake You get quiet and stuff, like you was at a wake In the beginnin, you knew you wasn't winnin Now you feel ashamed, your head starts bendin Kinda upset boy -- I understand You lost again -- I won, god damn [PMD]	It's my thing [Parrish Smith] My funky fresh lyrics, put you in the spirit I speak a little louder for you suckers can't hear it The rhymes I designed, are right on time and at the crowd on my mic, flash a danger sign Cause I'm the Thriller of Manilla, MC cold killer Drink Budweiser, cannot stand Miller MC's cold clockin til the party's through then they tap me on my shoulder and say, "This Bud's for you" [Erick Sermon] To be a real MC, you can't be obedient To be smooth is the main ingredient You have to be silky like a Milky Way To be able to make it work, you rest and play I control the pace of the rate the rhymes blowin Hydraulically jacked, is the way they're flowin Slow yes, just like they're awed The comparison is wave like the motion of water, smooth.. .. [Parrish Smith] While the record is spinnin, got your fly girlie grinnin MD is on the mic, you know I'm only beginnin Rhymes fresher than fresh, never heard me fess Scored 110, on my MC test My rhymes are strong than Tyson, hold a MC license When I grab the mic, MC's get frightened [Erick Sermon] I'm dangerous, I'm here to crush some bones Lounge homeboy you in the danger zone What I mean by lounge, I don't mean bitin, huh You mess around, and we'll be fightin It's alright if you bite, but don't recite because the rhymes are mine, and that ain't right But until just chill to the next episode Donald J, yo, release the code [PMD]	It's my thing [Parrish Smith] Erick and Parrish Millenium Ducats All the way live, 2 G's, 2 G's, 5 G's New legacy The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: EPMD Album: Back In Business Song: You Gots to Chill '97 Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Parrish Smith] You gots to chill [Erick Sermon] Checka one-two, checka one-two Turn me up, a lil' more Check it, check it, check it [Parrish Smith] Blackout [Erick Sermon] As I step to the mic with the b-boy stance To the braveheart MC's, I wouldn't take a chance Keep quiet while the MC rap And if you disrespect me, it's the big payback The E double E is my name, I spell Thanks to the clientele, my Squad rocks well I'm in your hood, comin through like what? Chromed out, beamed out, in a all black truck You a player, what team you with? I got major chips, I push the flyest whips Got the flyest chicks, my outfits be freshly dipped No matter what the steez, I'm equipped [Parrish Smith] Well my name is M-D, I'm known as the motivator Funky beat maker, new jack terminator Enjoy to destroy, because your rhymes are toy Never sweatin no click (Why P?) Cause I'm a b-boy When we on the scene, we always rock the spot The Green-Eyed Bandit, Scratch and Mic Doc In the beginnin, we had to let the world know Now, EPMD is clockin all the dough Sit back and relax, of course the biz phat TV with the phone in the back Always calm under pressure, no need to act ill Listen when I tell you boy, you gots to chill [Erick Sermon] I be the fly rhyme maker, female heart-breaker, the dude Want to play me and my crew, that's rude I'm dope, when I get down to the beat I'm raw, I keep it hardcore for the streets My track's a miracle drug for thugs in the clubs (Yo E, I remember when they used to be scrubs, what up?) I'm the big bear and some of y'all are baby cubs Talkin large money when I seen your bank stubs I take control of your body and soul Pack heat in my pants when it's time to roll [Parrish Smith] Well it's P, Double-E, M-D-E-E Here to bless the track and flip the flow with E When we touch the microphone, no doubt, we always shine Jewels and rhymes, settin traps and land mines Did thousand of shows, laced many places EPMD's back and yo, throw the tape in Cause when we come around, we always come with the flavor Underground hardcore funk, than what we gave you or give you, aiyyo what's next on the menu This is the take two, stadiums and venues with E, and I'm the microphone doctor And the capital E, capital P, capital M, D is no doubt, the world shocker Hit Squad, Def Squad, yeah we both get ill So believe me when I tell you boy... You gots to chill [Erick Sermon] Yo, I'm in the house now Dudes with ice grills raise they eyebrow, amazed like wow! E and P return like D _Last Dragon_ to show MC's just what's happenin I get biz and that's an natural fact I'm like Zorro, I mark an E on your back Worse than that, I crown those wannabe gangsters Say somethin to 'em, and run right through 'em [Parrish Smith] I'm makin crazy G's politickin on my mobile phone The E-Double about the microphone Cause we're the funky rhyme maker, puffin Garcia Vegas The one who rocks the fisherman hat I grab the mic and make the crowd react We keep the money stackin, fingers snappin toes tappin When it's time to roll, uzi patrol, we're still packin EPMD, the mic's our only friend Took a break for a while, and now we back again So if you think about gamblin, you better come prepared EPMD's takin all the shares, you gots to chill The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: EPMD Album: Out of Business: Greatest Hits (Disc Two) Song: Strictly Business * Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash * versions on "Greatest Hits" differ from the original recordings 	("Don't get too close because you might get shot") 	* a flurry of gunshots ensues * [Erick Sermon] Try to answer to the master or the MC rap God is no joke  on the lyric - it's hard to be modest I knew I was the man with the master plan to make you wiggle and jiggle, like gelatin Just think while I sink, into the brain structure (Don't sleep on the E) You see, somethin might rupture I don't take time for me to blow your mind Take a second to wreck it because you're dumb and blind So just lounge.. cause you're a MC clown Go join the circus.. EPMD's in town [Parrish Smith] Total chaos -- no mass confusion Rhymes so hypnotizin known to cause an illusion Like a magician.. who pulls a rabbit out a hat, son I pull them all like a .44 Magnum MC freeze stop look and listen, and try to imagine It's travellin the speed of light, but everything's motion is frightening.. plus the thought you alone You now enter dimension, called the Twilight Zone You're terrified.. plus you can't bear the thought You and I one-on-one, in the Land of the Lost You start to shiver.. but then you scream, my friend Yo wake up Muttley, because you're dreamin again But next time I'm on the scene, do not try to diss us Keep your mouth shut sucker duck, because I'm Strictly Business .. [Erick Sermon] This is the rap season.. where the E starts pleasin Girls around the world no need to be skeezin When I roll I stroll, cool always pack a tool Just in case.. a brother acts a fool I've got the energy, to put the girls in the frenzy Put it in shock when I rock, give it up I'm not stingy Make sure I don't bore when I'm on the dancefloor.. (Get busy, boy) Like you never saw before Rhyme flow.. good to go.. after the show.. I'll pull your hoe, boy Rhyme flow.. good to go.. after the show.. I'll pull your hoe, boy Rhyme flow.. good to go.. after the show.. I'll pull your hoe, boy Rhyme flow.. good to go.. after the show.. I'll pull your hoe, boy (Yo, you sniff blow?) .. Hell no! I got my whole life ahead of me, no time to be sniffin And my parents find out, then they start riffin So I stay, a-okay, cause I'm the E.. the R-I-C-K [Parrish Smith] MC's look me in my face, then their eyes get weak Pulse rate descends.. heart rate increases It's like beam me up, Scotty, I control your body I'm as deadly as AIDS when it's time to rock a party And all due respect, when I say mic check Let a sucker slide once -- then I break his neck So when I say jump, you reply, "How high?" Because I'm takin no prisoners, so don't play hero and die cause you're a soldier.. and I'm a Green Beret I do not think twice about the MC's I slay So if you want to battle, I highly recommend this: Bring your dog, mom, and dad.. because I'm Strictly Business .. [Erick Sermon] Yo yo, you're still pickin on that four-leaf clover? Bring in the Sandman, sucker.. because it's over My name is Erick Sermon and I'm back again I see the heads still turnin and my so-called friends They smile in my face -- behind my back they talk trash Mad and stuff -- because they don't have cash Like the E-Double.. or the PMD He drives a Corvette, I drive a Samurai Suzuki I'm a locksmith.. with the key to fame Never high on myself -- always stay the same Play a lot because I'm hot, like a horse I trot Around the track and back -- fatigued? No, I'm not [Parrish Smith] Well I'm the mellow, the fellow, the one who likes to say hello to a fly girl that is good to go With the slow tempo, and the off-beat rhyme flow Cause when I am in action, there is no time for maxin or relaxin -- just subtractin and reactin on a sucker MC who mouth keeps on yappin and flappin I lose my cool, then I'll start slappin and smackin You wanna roll? Then Albee start jackin and cappin No time to lounge, I'm packin and strappin At my point of attack I soar at you like an eagle I'm the sheriff, and bitin is illegal So when I'm in town, I highly recommend this You gots to chill, because I'm Strictly Business The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: EPMD Album: Out of Business: Greatest Hits (Disc Two) Song: So Whatcha Sayin' * Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash * versions on "Greatest Hits" differ from the original recordings [Erick Sermon] The employees of the year, yeah we back to work I took time off, while other rappers got jerked Due to the fact that they wack in their track Have to go back and stack 'cause they lack The ingredients... EPMD and Scratch for that... *DJ Scratch cuts and scratches* Yo, I'm the hip-hopper, plus the show shocker Down with MD, yes the Microphone Doctor One wrecks, the other destroys And if you think you ready to mess (kill the noise) We don't play when it's time to slay I get a cut from my homey, yo, then I lay back and mack and all the rhymes I pack And wait for a sucker to jump and then attack [Parrish Smith] Well, I'm known to be the master in the MC field No respect in eighty-seven, eighty-eight you kneel Cause I produce and get loose, when it's time to perform Wax a sucker like Mop & Glow (that's word bond) Back a second time, but on a different assignment to do a sucker new jack, who needs a rappin alignment Cause I'm the cream of the crop, when it's time to do a show Girlies on my jock for my dope intro As I glance at E-Double, king microphone wrecker Turn on my cordless, sayin mic checka to the ladies... and all partygoers Some call me P, and others slow flower Brothers on my jock, for the way I hold a piece of steel So what you sayin? So what you sayin? [Erick Sermon] Puttin heads to bed, straight out the box MC's, are jumpin out shoes and socks I'm not playin, understand what I'm sayin Catch a sucker in my way, and I'm slayin Takin no shorts, showin vital signs You can tell by my lines that I'm gettin mines in ninety-nine, because I'm fine as wine Sit back and recline, watch the sun shine Take a stroll, listen to rock and roll Catch a flick at the movies, dance a bowl Cause I chose and refuse to slack while I'm back I take a chance jack, so I must attack With knick knack paddywack so I won't lack All my style is def, and as deadly as crack [Parrish Smith] While I'm slayin music's playin, a sucker is delayin Battle in the trenches where the funky be playin Cause with a partner like E Double don't come a dime a dozen A kin not blood related, but you can call us cousins Cause as we climb the charts, better known as statistics Brothers on my jock while we kickin ballistics Droppin hits like I'm Housin, You Gots Ta Chill, and more The proof is in the puddin (yo check the Billboard) People round town talkin this and that of how we sound like the R, and our music was wack Dropped the album Strictly Business and you thought we was bold Thirty days later, the LP went gold So what you sayin So what you sayin [Erick Sermon] Now party people it's time for the exquisite No knock knock who that, who's there, or who is it It's the E-R-I-C-K, yes the Boy Wonder No fouls no bleeps no bloops or no blunders So hot, so you can say I'm blazin Or Luther Vandross says, yo I am "Sooooooo amazing, and I've been waiting" For a sucker to attack yo me the E-Double Cause me and PMD's like the funky fresh couple [Parrish Smith] I fight fire with fire, that's why most retired And when we needed a piss boy, you was hired You was mesmerized, for that style that we was bringin In the all out battle, P comes out swingin Cause I'm just the type of brother that's out to get mines And if the odd's against me, I still drop lines and get mines on time that's why most resign Sit in my LazyBoy chair, relax my head and recline Sip a Pepsi or Coke, with a twist of lime Or crack a forty-oh, and then I go for mine So what you sayin So what you sayin The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: EPMD Album: Out of Business: Greatest Hits (Disc Two) Song: The Big Payback * Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash * versions on "Greatest Hits" differ from the original recordings [E]	Yo whassup P? [P]	Yo, whassup E Double? [E]	How bout the crab MC's out there? [P]	No doubt [E]	Tried to mess with The Squadron [P]	Straight up [E]	Knowin they ain't got no wins [P]	Nut-ting, nut-ting [E]	Knahmsayin? Gotta let em know this time [P]	Yeah we got these cats [E]	We get down like that [P]	Straight underground like that [E]	Word up [P]	Two thou' [E]	Check it [Erick Sermon] Open Sesame, and let down the main gate Before you scream EPMD, you should wait I roll with a posse, can you try to stop me Also yo, your brothers tried to pop me on the sneak tip, without me knowin so I keep goin, and my rhymes keep flowin On and on, and I don't quit I get pushed to the limit, and yo that's it Step by step, I put an end to your fun cause I'm the chosen one, yes me my son A young kid from the ghetto, a kiddie from the city I don't feel sorrow, and I have no pity to run up on you, and wax plus tax Your gold, your money, and from your eyes your contacts Then flex over, a hop skip and a jump to the next town, to go punk a chump MC's try to diss me, and try to bust caps I'm not havin it, and that means no haps Jack So get the bozack, and lay off the crack, cause that's wack This is the big payback .. [Parrish Smith] As I go and flow, to a different type of tempo (Why MD?) C'mon E, cause P keep it simple Plus I'm strikin like lightnin, throwin blows like Tyson Slayin MC's on the Q-T, sorta like a sniper So if a sucker don't like me, the feelin is mutual I tune my rhyme to a low RPM, then shift to neutral and crack a 40 (what kind) of Olde E To slay an MC (how) on the Q-T (So what's your name boy?) C'mon E, you know it's M.D. Now while I'm wreckin he's checkin, all the bodies that's left and a pile behind the stage, the P is like steppin off from the scenes, I see lights and si-rens Witness everywhere, but no one seen a thing When cops ask questions, my description is vague No answers at all, just bodies behind the stage One witness yells out, that he was dressed in black Stupid dookie link, with a Fisherman hat When five-ohs ask how he fleed from the spot? "In a black sports car, I think it was an Iroc but the windows were tinted, and we couldn't get a look" (Why?) There was smoke from the rubber he cooked The big payback .. [Erick Sermon] No Rome-et-oh, or Juliette romance story Just EPMD, the fame and the glory The rappin technique, somethin like fencin Dangerous, it keep you in suspense And you have to be cool, and plus have stamina Cause if you don't, I'm gonna end up stabbin ya in your guts, from the razor cuts And I'ma stick and pick, until your mind goes nuts It might sound gross, or make your stomach bubble But don't ever ever ever, mess with E Double I'm like Jumpin Jack Flash, a Spy with an Eye I do no stunts, and I'm not The Fall Guy I'm just the E, the R-I-C-K, that's all Say some check one-twos, and some yes yes y'alls I'm the man of the hour, too sweet to be sour (So what you sayin E?) I got "Soul power!" So dig it, as I kick it, keep your eyes open Cause a brother like me, is always scopin In fact, you should pack, because I cut no slack It's like that.. this is the big payback .. [Parrish Smith] If rappin was a tribe I'd be the chief commanche Hat fat link, chunky rings, nuttin fancy So saddle up MC's, and off we go It's not a rodeo, but I carry a lasso Cause I'm back from vacation, cause sucker kept slippin Rappin off-beat, plus they tune wasn't hittin Don't wanna claim a style on the M-I-C But I can go state to state, cold rippin shows with E Cause whether maxin or relaxin, waxin or taxin Never step to a show without packin my partners, Mr. Smith and Mr. Wessun So nothin moves funny, at the rappin session I'm Strictly Biz and knuckles, no time for laugh or chuckles I drop clear lyrics, while your bass sound muffled (You sniff blow?) Hell no, and still flow and say dough More or less do a show.. nahhh the only high I get, is when my fans yell HOE So get the bo-zack, cause we're back to hack Here to let you know that it's the big payback The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: EPMD Album: Out of Business: Greatest Hits (Disc Two) Song: Get the Bozack * Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash * versions on "Greatest Hits" differ from the original recordings [Parrish Smith] Yeah, vacation's over As I say mic check, in eighty-nine, time to wreck Tellin all the sucker crab MC's to step EPMD's in effect Snappin necks and cashin large checks, youknowhatI'msayin? And we gonna do it somethin like this [Erick Sermon] Shazam, let me tell you who I am The E-R-I-C-K, S-E-R-M-O-N Call me a lumberjack, or a midland warrior Doin damage to the world worse than the Hurricane Gloria I'm serious -- you can say I'm furious You're sayin in your mind, "Who is he?" because you're curious A rare rap style, not heard by the usual You bite you get damaged, so my brothers stay mutual [Parrish Smith] While I'm makin and takin, emcees shakin and flakin Pre-heat my oven to three hundred degrees and start bakin emcees like potatoes, beats kickin like Cato Gettin philosophical like the Greek man Plato (who?) Greek man Plato (who?) The Greek man Plato But I'm the A.K.Ato flow, bro As you all well know, I do a show Pick up the dough and hoe, break to the limo Money in the pocket, Albee's hands on the ammo Crack the Olde Gold, as we roll and stroll Don't play bold sucker, cause you was told Your spot in the box in eighty-eight was sold So quit the singin come swingin cause of the beat that I'm bringin Tryin to wax EPMD, you be U.G.-in on a heavy narcotic, such as speed or crack Because your rhyme's mediocre but your tracks are wack Not fiction but fact black, believe that Then put away your demo cause the brother is back and get the bozack.. E.. [Erick Sermon] As I sing and do my thing I might sing Jane, or the whole shabang But if I snap, during the course of the rap P tap me on the back, throw the crowd a slap Just to distract, til I'm intact Get my Fisherman hat, so I can mack Groove to the rhythm of a funky track Like ("Yo, you slap me and I'll slap you back") I come correct with the context.. flex.. Just to distract, til I'm intact Get my Fisherman hat, so I can mack Groove to the rhythm of a funky track Like ("Yo, you slap me and I'll slap you back") I come correct with the context.. and then vex and then flex and throw a hex on your whole complex And then check for a second, yo, then sayyy (R-E-S-P-E-C-T) Respect! For me the E Double, or the emcee rap goddess Cause me and PMD we get ours regardless So get the bozack.. P.. [Parrish Smith] Yo, time to get funky and raw Stompin out posses (like who?) like Gigantor Cause when I roll I come fully equipped Mic in the hand, tooly, and spare clips Like a detenator with no ticks I then trip or slip or maybe flip while my DJ's on the mix Never lost a battle and if I did it was fixed You must be sick all on the dilznick, like a jim hat Your shit ain't pumpin and your rhymes are wack Cause you're a nickel dime sucka, who hangs with Tommy Tucker Like KRS-One says, you a Part Time Sucka who works O.T., to be like me The Capital P, the M, I'm like D To slay an emcee, on the S-P-O-T Leave without a motive or a C-L-U-E So get the bozack.. E.. [Erick Sermon] The MC Grand Royal on the microphone Terrorist, mafioso, a.k. E Capone I'm no joke on the stroke I broke so don't choke No hopes folks, I quote note for note You mind float on the rhyme on I wrote (what?) and does the Wild Thing, like my boy Tone Loc It's equipped with the kit that bit the whole shit Don't catch a nitfit, because my style legit Brand new from the crew for you no voodoo A trick from the flicks master Wu Kung-Fu Equipped with the posse and the time I need Cock diesel like Rocky and Apollo Creed So get the bozack.. P.. [Parrish Smith] Yo, mic checkin, checkin and checkin and checkin Scanned the crowd, then start wreckin Either kill or be killed, in the field of hip-hop Cause if you're slow you blow you get popped mopped and dropped If you snooze, you lose, here come the oohs and boos I pop a No-Doz, relax my lips and cruise past a pooh putt'n sucka whose all about schemein Wax the P twice, you must be dreamin Cause as you moan and groan, from the mouth you foam Sayin deep down inside, I shoulda left P alone Cause it's a fact, black, that when I'm loopin the track to lounge in the Danger Zone, because I'm back In fact, Jack, before I launch my attack Premeditate my assassination and come strapped Cause your words are uttered, your wack style is cluttered Tried to step to the E and the P and got smug You get the bo-zack Yo, get the bozack Yeah, get the bozack (knahmean?) Yeah, get the BOZACK [Erick Sermon] Uh-huh, yeah [Parrish Smith] The B, the O, the Z Get the BOZACK [Erick Sermon] Hahhh, yeah [EPMD] get the bozack, get the bozack get the booooooeoeooooeeohzack get the bozack, get the bozack get the booooooeoeooooeeohzack [Erick Sermon] Get the bozack The bozack punk, word up [Parrish Smith] Yo, I don't play The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: EPMD Album: Out of Business: Greatest Hits (Disc Two) Song: Please Listen to My Demo * Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash * versions on "Greatest Hits" differ from the original recordings [P]	Uhh, yeah, knahmean? 	Just kick back in the studio with my man E-Double, ? [E]	Yeah yeah [P]	Just thinkin back to yo how large we'd be, knahmean? 	Yeah, to them cats out there hustlin them demos 	Keep the faith, keep hustlin, knahmean E? [E]	Yeah yeah, yeah yeah [P]	I'ma lace em like this, check it Verse One: Parrish Smith I was coolin in my car one day you see Clockin a double nickel on the L-I E When it dawned on us that it was, ten o'clock Turned on the tunes to hear the DJ rock The hands got to clappin, the fingers start to snappin E now was coolin, Brooklyn spirits we was snappin Comin in and out of fantasies on how large we can get Coolin in rocks and Benzes with the ground effect kits I wanted black, E was on the two-tone Stupid boomin system with the hand-free phone The dream gets better and I would like to go on but I was brought back to reality by a toot of a horn Smoke everywhere, oh just what we needed A meeting at twelve, and the car overheated Feelin real low, low enough to die Holdin up traffic, on the FDR drive We had to play ourselves, in the fresh dipped gear E Double had to push while MD steered There went our dreams, to cool with golden limos And alls we kept sayin was please listen to my demo (listen to my demo)   Please listen to my demo (3X)   Please-please-please-ple-please listen to my demo Verse Two: Erick Sermon In the year eighty-seven when we first took off Then I jumped on P-6-8 and broke North Walked the big city streets of Manhattan Buildings, the whole nine yards, so enchantin Thinkin if we got a chance, we could rock it Funky fresh demo tape in my pocket We was walkin, and got dissed twice today Then we stopped at 1974 Broadway We walked in with grins on our chins And P had juice with Mr. Virgil Simms He played the tape and we started to laugh Played ?if it was sock? innocent from backstabs People start to smile inside we buckwhylin Sayin this all started back from freestylin They liked it, and they was very kind But me and P was like, "Yo G, where do we sign?" Went in the backroom, things was luvy duvy Met Ron Resnick, and his partner Juggy It felt good, as I remembered We signed the dotted line, now we Fresh Record members Had dreams, of fancy cars and limos And I wanted was somebody, to listen to my demo   Please listen to my demo   Please-please-please-ple-please listen to my demo   Please listen to my demo   Please-please-please-ple-please listen to my demo   Please listen to my demo   Please-please-please-ple-please listen to my demo   listen to my demo   listen to my demo 	demo, d-d-d-d-demo, demo, d-d-demo 	demo, demo, hah, Millenium Ducats, peace The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: EPMD Album: Business As Usual Song: Gold Digger *scratching* Brothers, things done got too far gone (tell em bout it)     We got ta let the girls know what they gotta do for us! Verse One: Erick Sermon Oh what the heck, let's get married and have a son named Erick No big deal, no sweat Hmmm, I was in for a big surprise And when I saw the judge hammer pass my green eyes Brainlocked, my whole damn head was malfunctional Cause I forgot to co-sign a prenuptial, agreement Now her case is hard like cement I have no files on all the money she spent She has a car, nineteen ninety brand new Jaguar Fly kit, with chrome rims that's five star that she bought, when I was away on tour Hittin' my bank account, gettin more and more money She got paid, it wasn't funny Talkin to myself - oh you big big dummy Just my luck, that I'm stuck with a marriage And a baby, who lays in a gold carriage Now I can't leave, if I do she gets half (not the cash) Oh yes, the whole damn bash of money So I chill, and act so sweet Kiss her feet, can't picture bein in the street So I give a fake smile, and a fake laugh Fake everything so I can keep all my cash Fake talk, like I love you so much But wishin, she gets hit by a Mack truck Next time, if there's one I'll know That most women strictly out for the dough They're called gold diggers   Cause she's a gold digger (3X) Verse Two: Parrish Smith The P had a close call, quiet as kept I dated this "Flyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy girl" Yeah, and almost got vicked She had green eyes, thunder thighs, and a def body (so what cha sayin) Top it off, she drove a black Maserati Chrome kit, with a smile I couldn't resist I tapped E on the shoulder and said, "Yeah I gots to get this" (P cool, she could be a gold digger) Not with that smile and that stupid boomin figure til one day, she spent the crazy dough Ten G's on Levi's, cold went Rambo But then she smiled, gave me a back massage Gassed my head up, and said (oh P you're so large) Like a jerk, I went for the line like a fish But she was far from dream girl, and more like a death wish She likes to sit back, lamp, walk on plush rugs Whip my five-sixty sip Moet and bug (so did you flip?) Tried to but she cut me off And said, "Guess what?" (what) "I'm pregnant" (pregnant? damn) Yeah and the child is yours So to fellas, who wanna keep they cash Or beware of the jack hammer and the helmet that glows Cause she's a gold digger   Cause she's a gold digger (3X) Verse Three: Erick Sermon, Parrish Smith [E] That's why, men in the 90's must watch themselves [P] Cause ladies of the 80's got hip and went for self  With the new divorce laws, which entitles them half [E] That means the house goes [P] The car [E] You and half your cash [P] What a price to pay, but if you play you pay  Cause women of the world they got smart today  They flash a smile and profile [E] A pucker with a strut [P] Try to move in [E] Knock the boots [P] And got stuck, with alimony payments [E] Time to meet Judge Wapner [P] You try to flip and cut, but she smiles 'cause she gotcha  You get a flashback to wedding, when you vowed the vow  Said the two deadly words [E] I do [P] But look now, you lost the house [E] The car [P] Eatin TV dinners in a one bedroom apartment [E] Boy you picked a winner [P] But what goes around, comes around [E] That's why she wheels the Benz [P] And you ride Greyhound  Oh, just your luck, they on strike  Take off the wedding band, put out the thumb, time to hitch-hike  And the more you walk the pain from your corns get bigger (Now you know)  Not to mess with a gold digger   Cause she's a gold digger (repeat 3X) [P] Yeah EPMD's in effect, DJ Scratch runs flex boy  Hit Squad in effect in the house [E] Large!!  Yeah, she get half The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: EPMD f/ LL Cool J Album: Business as Usual Song: Rampage Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro] Yeahhh... funk... {*gong sound*} Yeah, slow down baby Uhh - slow down baby Uhh - slow down baby Yeah - slow down baby [Parrish Smith] Yeah LL Cool J in the house (slow down baby) knahmsayin? EPMD in effect (slow down baby) Snappin necks, cashin large checks (slow down baby) All the non-believers can cold get the dick (slow down baby) Y'knahmsayin? (slow down baby) Cause this is daddy mack, king of the bozack All my friends knows that (slow down baby) Mix the master down... As I kick it like this (slow down baby) Cause you can get rugged, tough, hard like P Tried to play my man but you couldn't touch me You faggot, no comp' rapper on a quest To get your head flown boy, you must be loc' on sess Cause many often wonder is M.D. paid You're God damn right punk, stay outta my way Cause I clock G's while you clock Z's And I don't smoke crack - I smoke MC's So pick up a pen, cop a squat, and take note A rapper suffered from bleedin, sprains and slit throats Cause my style, deadly psychopath schizophrenic A rapper choke like a carburetor, freeze up and panic Cause I clock pesos, don't sell llello 'Nother word for cocaine mi amigo That's Spanish, terminology for friend Now sit back and ride my bozack as I send Bass funk, with beats that thump For speakers and amps, cold lined up in my trunk My system's crankin my headlights are blinkin Brothers ridin my tip L, at the same time thinkin DAMN How could a brother be so nice? Cause I'm the capital, P-E twice, M-D-E twice I choose to squeeze, some choose to fight I like to write but then again some bite And while you was bangin on tables; I was bangin Snow White - P! {*DJ Scratch: "On a rampage!"*} [LL Cool J - over Chorus] Slow down baby Yeahhhh - slow down baby Uhh yeah - slow down baby Uhh - slow down baby The Ripper, the master, the overlordian Playing MC's like a old accordion I get the inspiration from unnecessary station Them sayin I was vacationin You can't quote with your weaker throat Tryin to sneak a peek at how I freak the notes Major MC's become minor B-flats So retire the mic, get your chains and your bats Here's your chance to advance, get in your stance I shoot the holster off your cowboy pants Pure entertainment, tonight's your arraignment You're guilty - face down on the pavement! No holds barred, it's time to get scarred You and your squad better praise the real God The undertaker, droppin thunder on fakers When it comes to lyrics I'm as freaky as Seka So lay the mic down slow and careful Cause mine is fully loaded and I got another handful A clip to slip in and start rippin Divin and dippin and givin punks a whippin (aww shit) Just in case you wanna go a few rounds or so I'm down so that you clowns'll know Me gettin burnt or hurt won't be tolerated I got rhymes up the huh - forget it I'm constipated - L! [LL Cool J - over Chorus] Slow down baby Uhh yeah - slow down baby Yeah - slow down baby {E Double in the house!} Yeah [Erick Sermon] When I come around homeboy, watch your nugget A master on the beatdown, my style's rugged When I attack the microphone, close the zone Rap sees danger, can't roam Security's packed and wall to wall can't fall A rap tank is full so I can't stall My microphone is filled with premium Any whack MC that flexes, I'm creamin him Not with lotion, bust the motion Flotation when I rock on the mic, I'm like coastin I'm unique, fatigued at my peak you still seek a style cause yours extra weak New method, to rip the stage at my age And get loose and kick, like Bruce in a rage I'm on a rampage [Chorus] - 2X [over Chorus] Slow down baby {*7X*} [ad libbed scratches and "Slow down baby" repeat to fade] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: EPMD Album: Business - Never Personal Song: Crossover Typed by: OHHLA.com (Erick Sermon) Erick Sermon's in the house Let's get up, let's get down Roll wit the hardcore funk, the hardcore sound Let's get wit this, mackadocious funk material So simple, when I rock wit the instrumental Who am I (E-D the Green Eyed Bandit) Control my career so I can never get stranded But the rest are gettin Brand Nubian Changed up they style, from jeans to suits and Thinkin about a pop record, somethin made for the station For a whole new relation- ship of a new type of scene To go platinum and clock mad green AKA, a sellout, the rap definition Get off that boy, change your mission Come back around the block Pump Color Me Badd to the ah, tick tock Let them know your logo, not a black thing My background sing, my background sing for the crossover The Crossover (PMD) The rap era's outta control, brother's sellin their soul To go gold, going, going, gone, another rapper sold (To who) To pop and R&B, not the MD I'm strictly hip-hop, I'll stick to Kid Capri Funk mode, yea, kid, that's how the Squad rolls I know your head is bobbin cuz the neck knows (Not like other rappers) frontin on they fans, the ill Trying to chill, saying "damn, it be great to sell a mill" Thats when the mind switch to the pop tip (Kid, you're gonna be large) Yea right, that's what the company kicks Forget the black crowds, you're wack now In a zoot suit, frontin black lookin mad foul I speak for the hardcore (ruff, rugged and raw) I'm outta here, catch me chillin on my next tour From the US to the white cliffs of Dover Strictly underground funk, keep the crossover The crossover (Erick Sermon) (So what cha sayin) You wanna go pop goes the weasel You know you should be rocking the fans wit something diezel But you insist to piss me off black So I flex the biceps so I can push em back So real hardcore hip-hop continue wreck it And all sucker MC's duck down and get the message So ban the crossover, yo, who's wit me (Hit Squad) yea, P, hit me (PMD) Another megablast, funky dope style from cross yonder (So help me Rhonda, help, help me Rhonda) (Yo, from what) the crossover, yea crossing you over Outta here, gone, peace, nice to know ya (see ya) What a way to go out, no clout is what the fans will shout Cuz you got gassed and took the wrong route Came on the scene, chillin, freakin a funky dope line But when they finish wit you (beep) flatline Some say there's no business like show business But if this the truth, please explain why is this Rappers been around long, makin mad noise you see Still I haven't seen one rapper livin comfortably No time to pick and wish on a four leaf clover I stick to underground, keep the crossover The crossover The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: EPMD f/ K-Solo, Redman Album: Business Never Personal Song: Head Banger Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Redman] Negroes!!!!!!!! (repeat 6X) [Hit Squad] The head banger, WHAT? [Hit Squad] The head banger Parrish Smith gettin wreck [Hit Squad] The head banger Verse One: Parrish Smith Ka-rank the boombox as my sound knock from blocks as I chill, and bust grills you take snapshots of the maniac, dressed in black, carry round a strap Kid you play me too close (slow down and catch a cap, POW!!) Cause I don't play games, an outlaw like Jesse James To hell with the bitches and the so-called fame (uh-huh) Strictly biz to hard (kid yeah) as I climb charts Bustin ass daily as I compose like Mozart Just stand, say you're mad damn, why him? Z-oh-one Tonka, five-sixty Benz I'm sick and mad deep no shorts and no sleep I'm bugged like a tapped phone, hard like concrete So get a GRIP and don't SLIP or catch a CLIP from the infrared aimed at your head as I blast my TARGET The Bozack, I rip up flows that make an MC stop and chill and say HE'S ALL THAT Hardcore no R&B singer Roll with the Hit Squad... down with the head banger (repeat 4X) [Hit Squad] The head banger, WHAT? "Yeahhh, head crack, head crack" -- Grand Puba, Slow Down (repeat 3X) [Hit Squad] The head banger, WHAT? Erick Sermon break it down [Hit Squad] The head banger "Yeahhh, head crack, head crack" Verse Two: Erick Sermon SURPRISE, you wonder where I've been, I've been workin But sounds makin danger, and black birds chirpin A real Damian, Omen possessed by the devil You dig the rhythm, and I'll play the RUNNIN REBEL Changed my style, so I can freak the funk Yo pass the Philly, HIT SQUAD spark the blunt I got the power, to ramshack a stadium WUBBA WUBBA, even Judy Brown the Palladium Yo, I'm from the Boondocks so I knows the flavor (yeah, yeah) Sometimes I curse but now, I show behavior EPMD, YO, is in this to win this A brand new LP SO MIND YOUR BUSINESS No jokin, I'm gettin paid fully You wanna buy the cassette, stop by Sam Goody YO WHERE'S MY HOODIE? I wanna be hard and cause some ruckus Talk with the b-boy slang and blast some suckers Walk like an Egyptian, rough crackin my steel Plus I'm goin to court, make my own appeal As taught as a kid or told, NEVER TALK TO A STRANGER Cause I could be a head banger (repeat 4X) [Hit Squad] The head banger, WHAT? "Yeahhh, head crack, head crack" -- Grand Puba, Slow Down (repeat 3X) [Hit Squad] The head banger, WHAT? K-Solo!!! [Hit Squad] The head banger "Yeahhh, head crack, head crack" Verse Three: K-Solo I'm the original rap criminal (yeahhhhh) My shots, spell spray (hoo-ahhhh) duck leaves my trigger finger DIGITAL My gun'll make, many men, things you did when I get mad and pissed cause I can make him my TARGET Braggin em taggin em draggin em mad hollow-point rhymes in my mic Choose Smith or assault over Magnum (huh) So back up off me, here's a clip For uzis and guns, and then you faggots gonna OFF ME I'm sure you know the deal that my nine can box I knock punks out quick like Evander Holyfield More rhymes than music's, my solution Subscribers of my style here's a contribution Let's say you want a shovel layer parkin MC's like cars and drivin MC's away Tanks gon be full, to rappers wanna tempt me I break the steering shift and leave em EMPTY Cause they can't go, so I'ma call a hoe tow truck To come tow truck your weak SIDE SHOW Back on the scene is the incredible one man team When I get mad I turn GREEN The Fugitive's gone peace, I'm outta here later And here's a finger, to all you non movin spectators (repeat 4X) [Hit Squad] The head banger, WHAT? "Yeahhh, head crack, head crack" -- Grand Puba, Slow Down (repeat 3X) [Hit Squad] The head banger, WHAT? Redman get down! [Hit Squad] The head banger "Yeahhh, head crack, head crack" Verse Four: Redman SURPRISE NIGGAZ! The original P-Funk funks you up I take a hit from a spliff then I get biz with the NEW CUT Because I can Jam like Teddy if you let me A Goodfella but still rugged like Joe PESCI My style is mad funka-to-the-delic with the irrelevant shit that I kick backflips any four bitch (yeah) Deduct and I dip then I SWITCH to an incredible nigga with a *nickle* nine on the hip I always got played by a honeyDIP But now I'm on the money TIP so now I call the honeydip honey BITCH And swing hardcore because that's where I come from (yeah) I Rock ya like Chubb, and burn scrubs like a dum-dum Remember Redman, last album I was Hardcore Now I'm back to tear the frame out your assCRACK Cause I get wreck, with the tec, with the blunt or moet And what you see is what you get and what you're gettin is your ASS KICKED, nigga, hit you with the funkdafied figure Like A plus funk, funk times stuffed in your back trunk PUNK Yes the Redman that's what they call me Wicked with the style you think I have cerebral palsy Like AAIEEAHAAA, cause I freak the styles crazy Lullaby your stupid ass, ROCKABYE BABY The Funkadelic Devil hit your ass with a level from the new school and still holdin my jewels! (repeat 4X) [Hit Squad] The head banger, WHAT? "Yeahhh, head crack, head crack" -- Grand Puba, Slow Down (repeat 4X) [Hit Squad] The head banger, WHAT? [Hit Squad] The head banger "Yeahhh, head crack, head crack" (repeat 4X) [Hit Squad] The head banger, WHAT? "Yeahhh, head crack, head crack" -- Grand Puba, Slow Down (repeat 4X) [Hit Squad] The head banger, WHAT? [Hit Squad] The head banger "Yeahhh, head crack, head crack" (repeat 4X) [Hit Squad] The head banger "Yeahhh, head crack, head crack" -- Grand Puba, Slow Down (repeat 4X) [Hit Squad] The head banger [Hit Squad] The head banger "Yeahhh, head crack, head crack" The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: EPMD Album: Back in Business LP/How to Be a Player soundtrack Song: Never Seen Before * Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash * original and "Remix" are the same lyrics with different beats [E] Peace to Chuck [P] Chuck D [E] Yeah, uhh  You're not tellin em huh? Yeah [Erick Sermon] They go ohh and ahh when I jump in my car People treat me like Kareem Abdul Jabbar when I'm supreme rap star, they all know me E.D., when I flash the greens on TV MC's be robbin me, of my technique The way I speak, the way I get down, the way I sound And if you axe/ask me, they must be on the jock of the innovator (one two), rock roll bounce to skater [Parrish Smith] OK fuck it, enough with the tight shit, grab the mic quick Hollywood niggaz, put it down spit some hype shit EPMD Erick and Parrish, Makin Dollars with the rap scholars keep the show packed like funeral parlors Deadly, murderous I know you heard of us Holdin shit down on the block, nobody servin us (yeah son) The E Double and Mic Doc, Boondox Def Jam's off the meter yo, this shit is hot Chorus: EPMD [P] Never seen before, or heard before  The uncut raw [E] I'm Erick Sermon [P] and I'm Parrish Smith (repeat 2X) [Erick Sermon] Check it, now I'm back with the flyest material Mic Doc and E Dub the Grand Imperial My mic's deadly, so I scratched off the serial and stashed it, until I have to kill at will Keep it movin, yes it's me in the flesh it's no illusion, fuck around and catch minor contusions Whatever, I'm Smokin Joe when it comes to rap I'm a pro-fessional, Tiger Woods I'm good [Parrish Smith] Time to black out, no doubt, people wanna know about the inside scoop with the group, and are they comin out Damn skippy I'm tipsy, high like a hippie Don't take drinks from strangers cause niggaz slip mickies That's why I stay on Q/cue, like Omar Epps in J-U I-C-E so chill and bust the debut In rare form the false alarm's the Mic Don's back in effect, snap that neck, the P's gone Chorus [E] Never say never [P] What? EPMD's back together [E] And if it gets warm take off the hot sweater [P] Flip the ill slick flow (flow) [E] Watch us throw (throw) [P] down with the other brothers toe to toe [E] And if ya slow ya blow [P] That's why we comin with the ammo [E] Yo ten year veterans [P] A thousand rap sessions [E] Yeah the hard rockers [P] The crowd shockers [E] The head knockers [P] Yeah EPMD's off the rockers Chorus 2X [E] Yeah, uh, uh, uh-huh, yeah [P] Dude whassup [E] Yeah that was dope, word up  EPMD for Nine-What, whatever, yeah, uh-huh...  Sample this shit, word up! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: EPMD Album: Back in Business Song: The Joint Typed by: OHHLA.com Verse One: Erick Sermon I make a million buck every six months and y'all hating my game, saying my name, they call me the E, wrong things knowing Im fly without wings while some of y'all have to pull strings. In this era I maintain the freak upon the beats master basslines of Raphael Saadiq Lyrical mastermind, a genius so dont snooze no missions impossible, ask Tom Cruise I keep a joint lit, when I have to spit I rough paragraph, laugh when I'm busting yo' ass, who want it? Come and see me, like 112 and I'll rock that bell with Fox and L E-Dub, Mr Excitement, right The poltergeist of rap so come to the light. Yes, the recipient of this award goes to Moi, the best qualified superstar. Chorus: EPMD Erick: My squad stays on point like   Den en den den de den, It's the joint Parish: Yeah my squad stay on point like, Erick: Den en den den de den, Its the joint. Both: New York I'm in your area, (Over here)   DC I'm in your area, (Over here)   New Jerse I'm in your area, (Over here)   EPMD, its a world premier Verse Two: Parrish Smith Its the joint, stay on point Plus I'm feelin it niggas killin shit tryin to duplicat the manuscript thats impossible, pray like the gospel over coming set backs, and jumping over obstacles Like Evil Kenevil, on point like a needle EPMDs' like the Beatles, back with another sequal to hip hop, check one two and you don't stop rap with mainstream R&B and pop now the worlds shocked the E-doubles back with Mic-Doc Like it or not we bout to turn it up another notch My speeds put it down for my seeds Raw breeds, acres with the deeds, its the joint. Chorus: (first part the same) Both: VA I'm in your area, (Over here)   DA I'm in your area, (Over here)   Chi Town I'm in your area, (Over here)   EPMD, its a world premier Verse Three: EPMD E: My styles digable, so I'm phat like that I got a benz too, and its black like that I got millions of chips, and they stack like that A five year spread, and now we back like that How dare they, niggas sittin in they room with Brandy way pissed off thikin how the can't stand me He rhyme Shawn for his Penn, talking not lookin, shoocken, a dead man walking P: You know me, from rippin shows wit my homie the one and only, Ginuwine like Pony You want a ride? Call me up when your lonely I'm Parish Smith and shit, Greaat like Tony I'm hittin hittin E: Where from? P: From brentwood to San Quentin I'ma keep rhyming, still representing E: Fro who? P: For my niggas up north and in the ?Courts? and for the emcees taking no shorts, in this blood sport Chorus: (first part the same) Both: Detroit I'm in your area, (Over here)   Cali I'm in your area, (Over here)   Philly I'm in your area, (Over here)   EPMD, its a world premier The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: EPMD f/ Raekwon Album: We Mean Business Song: Puttin' Work In Typed by: aerigk@nurfuerspam.de [R] Back-up from the Bronx, Uh [R] Psycho Iko [P] Yeah [E] E-Dub [P] This ain't nothing but drama ODB Cut: "Psycho, Killer, Norman Bates" [Parish Smith] Who's one of the dopest MC's rockin mics for years (You) Ask any cat in the streets and he'll point right here (Uhu) Shine everywhere I go without droppin shit for years Niggaz know this nigga, _Crossover_ to _Golddigger_ Come with the broken language like Smoothe da Hustler and Trigga (Uhu) My bombs are bigger, cant touch a harmless figure Cause is stay razor sharp like my name was RZA PMD built a dynasty like Jigga [Raekwon] Yeah, P my nigga, time to cock back pull the trigger he a bigger nigga with figures but I'm a bigger nigga Duh, I'm a snub nose, I'm way above those I got beef and I sit 'til the club closed lights come on, I'm bombin Viet-Nam-em, Napalm-em, AK I calm them Mom like "Who harmed them?" [P] I don't know, but they put em in the news and Saddam'd 'em [R] And nobody warned 'em This is what it sounds like when you puttin work in Like Norman Bates pullin back the shower curtains (Uhu) Or like in _Headbanger_ black birds chirpin This is what it sounds like when you puttin work in Mausberg heavy (Check, puttin work in) Tec-9's steady (Check, puttin work in) Shotgun heavy (Check, puttin work in) Machine gun's ready (Check, puttin work in) [Raekwon] We from the era of the red white and green sweater Cream getter, gleam better You know what? the team is clever Fuck niggas up get drunk pull out a bigger pump Sell crack, all day rep, rock the meanest leather Flip you all day chump, mad make you pay No doubt, gun in his mouth, he leanin on Broadway HipHop gangsters for real, check the archives Four Fives, knives, catch you in the sunrise Powerful impact, boom, from the canon This is not slain to take mine, take this ammo with it Big boys, pretty boys, shottin pretty toys Pull out the new joints and lower the noise The records that we make straight classics Built for Benzes, Astons, high powered assassins Put that major work in, holler, blash the collar Erick, Parrish, mash them dollars up The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: EPMD f/ Havoc (Mobb Deep) Album: We Mean Business Song: What You Talkin' Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Chorus One: Erick Sermon] We Mobb'n, Hit Squad'n We got dough but it ain't from robbin We rock microphones it's out job and Def Squad motherfucker and my name is Edi Amin - nigga what you talkin The Grand Royal - nigga what you talkin It's E-Dub - nigga what you talkin Tell 'em to lift it up (no doubt E) [Erick Sermon] Yo this here is big boy shit (yeah) for the over 200 pounder club Co-cappy dub (whoahhhoahhh) I came back to rep my city Nigga, I took the key from Diddy Def Squad's the committee, I rock for the gritty I'm milk like a new mom titty - y'all wit me? E Serm' the Green Eyed one, call me M-Ro I got stripes on my arm, call me general I'm nice (I'm nice) I'll pull rank like {?} leaves of rice with this mic device Easy~! Who got the issue I'll straight diss you And hit you with the dadgum missile - hear it whistle? Comin for ya the Oscar De La Hoya, the Golden Boy Yeah - I'm that dude, don't believe I'll show ya boy Ask Destiny's Child, I'm that "Soldier Boy" Chill like the New York winter, no one colder boy [Chorus Two: Erick Sermon] + (Havoc) We Mobb'n, Hit Squad'n We got dough but it ain't from robbin We rock microphones it's out job and Infamous motherfucker and his name is (Black Mobb'n) - nigga what you talkin (G.B. I-N-3) - what you talkin (Infamous Mobb Deep) - what you talkin (H-A-V-O-C) - what you talkin [Havoc] The stomach stay hungry so the hammer keep lickin I'm lookin at the clock see time is still tickin My beef, open the stove, see mine is done When they keep playin with me, you minus one One less nigga on that street my patience run short so ready to make you ancient Your last destination'll be marked a headstone Ain't worth it like tryin to get a fed case thrown Closed casket, and ain't that what, who want what? I mastered, playin the cut, 'til I'm forced out my shell, pull that gat, you spill guts 'Splain it yourself, of how you ain't sayin the stuff Time's up, you about to get touched homeboy I ain't gon' sit here and argue wit'cha face homeboy But next time you better watch what you say homeboy But ain't gon' be a next time say bye homeboy [Chorus Three: Erick Sermon] + (Parrish) We Mobb'n, Hit Squad'n We got dough but it ain't from robbin We rock microphones it's out job and Hit Squad motherfucker and my name is (I'm the Microphone Doctor) - nigga what you talkin (PMD) - nigga what you talkin (A black cloud) - nigga what you talkin (Time to lift it up) - uh-huh, what you talkin [Parrish Smith] I be killin it when I'm feelin it Straight drillin it when I'm peelin it Comin through in the Tahoe truck fo'-wheelin it Rollin through thick, pumpin knockin blastin my shit Checkin out chicks Pointin sayin "That's P the shit" Freshly dipped, Nike Air Force One is the kick I'm Parrish Smith, you dudes don't wanna fuck with this You got nothin, since "Strictly Biz" I keep it pumpin At every function, yo E and P, never lunchin Never slip, microphone wreck is the biz (That's Erick Sermon) and me Parrish Smith Probably blowin your whole life to shit That's how trifle it get, your fly-ass wife'll quit And like AJ Benz on Hollywood Scandal, life's a bitch We got the hypest spit, straight up cause we nicer kid Look what the mic done did, EPMD know, lost they wig From day one, never been a dud with the flow gun [Chorus Four: Erick Sermon] We Mobb'n, Hit Squad'n We got dough but it ain't from robbin We rock microphones it's out job and Squadron motherfucker and the name is {Edi Amin} nigga what you talkin {I'm the Microphone Doctor} nigga what you talkin {It's E-Dub} nigga what you talkin {Infamous Mobb Deep} what you talkin The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: EPMD Album: We Mean Business Song: Roc-Da-Spot Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Erick Sermon] Yeahhhh! Uhh, yeah Yeh, feel me! [Chorus One: EPMD] When I'm on the scene I always rock the spot  The E-R-I-C-K is my name I spell I'm the capital P, capital M The capital D-E-E is no doubt the chief rocker [Erick Sermon] Uhh, you are now tuned in to a hip-hop movie Starrin two MC's, featurin E P-M-D, b-boys in the house New York rappers, they play me in the South So I don't have to do them, I'ma do me Rock on to the break of dawn Like PM Dawn, I get reckless, when I'm on beats I show my true {Colors} when I'm in the streets [Parrish Smith] Yeah we step through militant, rain snow or sleet Approach with caution when you see me on the street (Who is that? HIT SQUAD) is comin with the heat The black sniper rifle lift you off your feet Your head neck and arm be on the concrete I'm on some Murdoch, I'm comin for you, so don't sleep Or wake up wit'cha wig split open like watermelon There's no tellin, when you runnin with them known felons [Chorus Two: Parrish Smith] When I'm on the scene I always rock the spot {"Who rock the spot?"} P {"Who rock the spot?"} P I'm the capital P, capital M The capital D-E-E is no doubt the chief rocker [Chorus One] [Parrish Smith] EPMD has been gone for a minute, time to jump back in it And dot the I's and check the period at the end of the sentence Discipline, meditation, repentance, gave us clearance in the re-entrance like a futuristic extension Need I mention our catalogue and what I'm benchin When our name comes up yo there's always tension Don't get hit with the lyrical lynchin Get at you at the park like in "Baby Boy" don't let me catch you flinchin E [Erick Sermon] Sometimes you can see me in the cipher I'm a star now, like a Mekhi Phifer Live from the N.Y. state, it's the great, Dub That nigga from '88, whassup? Peace to Roger, Zapp in the background I got the mac no need to back down Wake up niggaz, EP is back 'round You my son, I'ma call you Shaq now [Chorus Two] + [Chorus One] [Erick Sermon] Yeah~! Newsflash, just in for rap What? East and West is back on the map What? Bassline, hard kicks with the clap You can walk it out but do it the other way Gangsta NIAHHH, somethin Dub C would say Fuck what they say, this what we play Out the gate, we come with the 8-ball from the great, game over, rack 'em P [Parrish Smith] Yo this goes out to the triple OD O.G.'s Since "Strictly Biz" I've been a chief rocker with E (Yo who's he?) A real b-boy MC You want the recipe? You gotta see me P, you heard the name now we in the flesh to see Return like O from "The Wire," hitman for hire Blow the dice and roll 'em, 4-5-6 Sheeeeeeeeeeeeeit, we on fire! [Chorus Two] + [Chorus One] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: EPMD Album: We Mean Business Song: Blow  Typed by: aerigk@nurfuerspam.de [Erick Sermon] I'm back E. Serm, no pressure Ricochet off niggas, call me Odessa Huh, shotgun no tec on the dresser Whoever claims to be fresh, me and P is fresher EPMD like WWE, tag team macks in the field of rap So one Mississippi Def Squad is with me Hit Squad is with me Yo PMD hit me [Parrish Smith] Yeah from Brentwood my stompin grounds Lick off a round My nine can't do it, my fifty blow shit down I know shit now Blind eye can grind no more This ain't no pop shit, EPMD stricktly hardcore Been there, done did it and 'bout to do it again Stompin through it With the heavenly grin With seven number one albums and four different artists in the top ten Cause this here is never gonna end Yeah one Mississippi (and) two Mississippi  (and) three Mississippi (and) cock back let it (blow) P we got that blunted (no) Don't get too close cause you might get shot One Mississippi (and) two Mississippi  (and) three Mississippi (and) cock back let it (blow) E you got that? Let it (go) EPMD is a world premier [Erick Sermon] Yo P, I don't need my shirt off to flex muscle Dub I kick shit, this is Kung-Fu hustle And not on the block, this is more like the studio With stretch and duck, so you niggaz stop You little bitch, you're a queen with drama Don't let me get mad and Barack O-bomb-ya So one Mississippi Def Squad is with me Hit Squad is with me Yo PMD hit me [Parrish Smith] Yeah we shut it down with the monthly ? Now we back in effect right around the corner (What up homey?) Sleep if you want to (Tell 'em P) You'll be a dead man walkin And your next stop, a deputy and a coroner (CSI) Check the hood and don't be dramatic The automatic prostatic When dude got hit he looked acrobatic So I'ma call him Dominique Doors And this is what happens when niggas try to floss Yeah one Mississippi (and) two Mississippi  (and) three Mississippi (and) cock back let it (blow) P we got that blunted (no) Don't get too close cause you might get shot One Mississippi (and) two Mississippi  (and) three Mississippi (and) cock back let it (blow) E you got that? Let it (go) EPMD is a world premier [Erick Sermon] Ayo, I'm the greatest, I'm like Muhammad Ali Islamic, not me, get robbed quickly I'm a tripple OG Snoop Dogg said I got two number twos boastin pomplet Not the pencil boy, roam the tensil Number two of the six shotter, or copper And I call the penny Def Squad is with me Hit Squad is with me Yo PMD hit me [Parrish Smith] Ayo I ain't no slacker, plus I ain't heared no bell I ain't never catched a gun charge but I seen a cell Thats why I slain and stay strapped  come through with a gang of rap Master the self conscience from Prozack Thats what the Amy said Thats why we mangle rap From each and every angle black Two straining cats Who leaving MCs craving cracks So let the story be told and the saga unfold Erick and Parrish making dollars to sell piece gold Yeah one Mississippi (and) two Mississippi  (and) three Mississippi (and) cock back let it (blow) P we got that blunted (no) Don't get too close cause you might get shot One Mississippi (and) two Mississippi  (and) three Mississippi (and) cock back let it (blow) E you got that? Let it (go) EPMD is a world premier The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: EPMD f/ KRS-One Album: We Mean Business Song: Run it Typed by: aerigk@nurfuerspam.de Hardcore Everybody on the floor, everbody on the floor PMD, Erick Sermon You what it is, listen to my man Run your jewelry Hands up Yes, Peace to Just Ice Be scared Bronx [Erick Sermon] Yo, the real dynamic duo, and i quote G boys, I bring it back to a droopy rope, dope I sport like I if I spit the commandments So inspired, now who the hell your man wit? And he's gangsta right? He belong in a dimwit type You picked the wrong night I'ma Las Vegas fight Don King in the ring Does my thing from father spring, thats all year I can feel in a wannbe rapper turned actor He wanna act tough it hit him with the clapper Def-con actor, see I ain't playing kid He screamed and I'ma just saying he did EPMD I'm scared for us Cause someone might bite the dust We don't rush shower The power I got is snappin necks So I suggest ya show respect We own that [Chorus 2x] Now put your hand in the air Keep 'em there Run your jewels, run it Run your jewels, run it Run your jewels, motherfucker You heard what we said man, we aint playin Dont wait till it starts sprayin We set it of while the DJ playin Run your juwels, run it Run your jewels, motherfucker [Parrish Smith] Cats walking past your crib, walk in your house Go in your mouth, talkin you out But EMS we spying we carryin you out With the slow IV fee Woken the fuck up, back eye with the nose bleed My dudes be like dude chill I be like fuck chill Cats complainin bout the game, pass the pill EPMD is too real, y'all know The only reason why you eatin, cause we payed the bill How many times I got to tell you the shit shut down 'til Erick and Parrish return and hold the B-Boys down Step through the door, hot body and lick off the ground Uhu, I see niggaz listening now Faces is wrecked like wild There goes EMP with the fisherman hat Four back, get hit with the gun pow Respect the gods, excuse me, I beg your pa Can't hear you, you got to grade up, cause the beats too hard [KRS-One] I bring the heat quick I do it, kill Ramone in Beat Street I get the club rockin on some seasick shit I aint gotta tell you I'm hood man, you can see I'm it My rhyme hits, I don't preach 'bout cash cause most of yall know cash like E-Zpass You came in talkin bout you gon beat me Then you left out talkin bout "just give me two more CDs" You're young so you need to be gangsters While real G's wanna sit home and read the paper Courtside view with the LA Lakers But its always some youngin you got to send to his maker And i don't need the ratchet to reach your ass I'm old school I off you with a peace of glass Run your jewels, you know who it be, KRS-EPMD The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: EPMD f/ Redman Album: We Mean Business Song: Yo Typed by: aerigk@nurfuerspam.de Yeah, Gilla WKYA Radio, We Be Kickin Ya Ass Nigga! Yo! Redman "on the mic" EPMD [Parrish Smith] When I walk up in the street, niggas like yo PMD you tight on the mic, yeah I know Dirty South bouncin, cause it did snow Even Mississippi get ten feet or more It's the doctor, these other rappers might follow you Me, I'm underground, I'm bound to strike for you Right outa Belleview, PMD the nutcase Raps stick to you like I just ate duct tape I'm like a CNN update You're tuned into a Rapnophobia on dub plates At night or up late, work in the market Black out like the one I pulled in August It wasn't nothing like hip-hop music Before Pro Tools took over two inch Mic Doc, 20 years on the stage Still _Housin_, still _Mad_, still on a _Rampage_ [Chorus: Redman] When I hang out in Brooklyn, them niggas like Yo! When I'm in the Bronx, them niggas like Yo! When I'm in Manhattan, them niggas like Yo! When I'm up in Queens, them niggas like... (Clown) But Bricks is in the house tonight I said Bricks is in the house tonight! Don't matter if you're black or you're white Just roll that shit, light that shit, smoke it [Redman] Dog, I'm hanging out my car, yellin out Yo! Who got the haze for me to twist Yo! Redman, the boss-a, rap like a pro While your home tip toein to Al Jarreau I'm in the cut bleedin Tryin to stop my niggas from sellin dope to pumpin weed and leavin this Fuck the stage, I'm in your hood Posted with more chains that Junebug Spade Yeah I'm the pimp of the year Now sucker MCs can take the window or the stairs This is Gilla, Powfanalia Injected it got more power than Zelda Now you niggas know know know Brick city on overload load load And if your bitch start actin up She wanna run up with the dog dog I say stuck up bitches (Oh no) Punk ass niggas (Oh no) Brick city gonna take whatever We load me up and I highjack the Nebucadnezer [Chorus: Redman] When I'm in the Chi, them niggas like Yo! When I'm in the D, them niggas like Yo! When I'm in Atlanta, them niggas like Yo! North Carolina, them niggas like... But Bricks is in the house tonight I said Bricks is in the house tonight! Don't matter if you're black or you're white Just roll that shit, light that shit, smoke it [Erick Sermon] Ayo, when I'm in the hood them niggas like Yo! Erick you're the reason why them dudes slow flow Yo! You the reason why them cats got dough You opened the door, and some of them owe Yo! DJ, I hustle and flow Duckin us this type like Russell Ingall Any beat should occur, cock the four, for real Last deal, I come out for the dumb out Talk 'til my shells run out, then crop it Like a movie scene and walk away clean I'm mean when it comes to hardcore deception Pokerface swag, all in, I bet this I done rock shit to present MCing When I'm in the place its graced like I'm preachin Everybodys ears are open when I'm speakin Nigga, look how many fans I'm reachin [Chorus: Redman] When I'm in Virginia, them niggas like Yo! Baltimore, D.C., them niggas like Yo! When I'm up in Philly, them niggas like Yo! Long Beach, Compton and whats like... But Bricks is in the house tonight I said Bricks is in the house tonight! Don't matter if you're black or you're white Just roll that shit, light that shit, smoke it The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: EPMD f/ Teddy Riley Album: We Mean Business Song: Listen Up Typed by: aerigk@nurfuerspam.de [Vocoder lines] One-Two This is something that all you need to hear EPMD, TR, Harlem, Long Island Yes [Erick Sermon] Ayo, some people say that I'm magnificent not cause I'm the best, because I'm different I'm not you, one hit wonder this is true, your career is through Mines is thrivin I'm still fresh as the cars I'm drivin I'm on bay risin high I'm top villain I get the money and I don't care Handle my heart, I swear, yeah I'm in my element I hold weight, something like a elephant Dub, the most creative, New York native If Jesus died then who gone save us? you? Label heads want me to Jim Carry the rhyme On a down and get airtime I can't talk ignant, no I got some intelligent folks thats diggin this So thats how I'm givin this Listen up, listen up This is something that all you need to hear Listen up, listen up We gonna jump this off all night, do the thing all year Listen up, listen up, listen up We made it easy to dance to this Listen up, listen up Come on everydody sing it, dun dun dun [Parrish Smith] Shh, quiet, look who done stepped in the place Its the bandit, mic doc, time pick up the pace EPMD back in sake, we see the look in their face Me and their haters the mans, the players and the fans Already told the non belivers that the lord have a plan Look at here and the way spit, the flow is sick Better thighten up your click, see what they doin, evict Leave the back door open, thats the end of you shift Thats why we in, we hustelin, strong arm muscelin bustin like we lookin for weapons of mass destruction in hoodies on, dressed in black fatigue camouflage, and power like we just came from Irak We learned not to look back, we turn the stone in crack Its the return of the boom bap Yeah HipHop is back, peep the track It's P and the green eye, some Long Island guys are you all surprised? Ayo, even though I never hear DJ sayin it Yeah EPMD is washed up and we ain't playin it Yeah, like I care, you ain't stoppin nothing over here I got four seats up in the Lear Jets Bet I'm ok, you hate your No payments, all ass payed for Not the one to brag, but for you I dodged Cause you don't respect, thats what I expect from you [Vocoder til end] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: EPMD Album: We Mean Business Song: Bac Stabbers Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro: Erick Sermon] + (Parrish Smith) Uh-huh! This goes out to all those backstabbers Uhh (EPMD, EPMD) I see you, uhh, yup (you know what it is) You know what it is, yeah Uhh, you ain't foolin nobody [Parrish Smith] Yo, aiyyo you learn from mistakes made You're never free until your karma debt's fully paid That's why you stay on the path that your parents laid Cause you never know who could be friend or foe Even got some fam hatin, yeah a brother know They say who'd you put on and cold slam the door In your face like they never seen you before Like you ain't totally down to take 'em on tour Now everyone got a business on the top floor They say what goes around comes around quick Me and E see it yeah we just laugh at it We got past our problems in the past and moved on That's why mics are gettin wrecked and we gettin strong Cause the past don't matter so kill the chit-chatter EPMD reappear like abracadabra Spot the devil real quick then rebuke that future backstabber "What they do?" Now I can pick 'em all the time (backstabbers) "What they do?" They always get you from behind (backstabbers) They know, and I know "What they do?" (backstabbers) And then they wanna "smile in your face" [Erick Sermon] Yo P you can't trust nobody, not even family Mad you got a Benz and they pushin a Camry Walk around all day, steam like Stanley Like he makin me sick, ain't that some shit? But things change, after you break off some change They whole madface get rearranged Ain't that funny, how things are when it comes down to money? Clouds turn to sunny I'm always bummy, scared to put somethin on fly cause they might want somethin from me See me on TV? That means I'm gettin it See me with a chick, they think I'm hittin it Well maybe that~! But that don't give you right to count my cash, or judge my past That's my garbage pail inside, that's my trash That's my safe, that's my stash, backstabbers [Parrish Smith] Aiyyo - they smile in my face, behind my back they talk trash Mad and stuff because they don't have cash [Erick Sermon] Like the E Double (or the PMD) Yeah someone's happy to see the E not talkin to P (Or the P not talkin to E) But no one's stronger than God cause this here's chemistry [Parrish Smith] And you can plainly see that gold LP [EPMD] 20 joints in the industry, lemme jog your memory [Outro: Erick Sermon] Yeah, EPMD, ha! Backstabbers, they all over, haters, uh-huh Hate you now, yes It's all good The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: EPMD f/ Method Man Album: We Mean Business Song: Never Defeat 'Em Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Erick Sermon] Yes! Yes Aiyyo.. how do you play it, James Brown'll say it P and I'll relay it, DJ'sll DJ it I must go hard, then take charge Illmatic MC Dub I'm like Nas Own a couple of cars parked in my garage A crew less than chicks, I call them DeBarge I can't be defeated, nope, the judge is in now Y'all can be seated, all lames can beat it I know there's a few who thought we might lose Resurrect, like Pete Rock, to C.L. Smooth News - there's no gettin around this homey P and I's a brand name we in your house like Sony Long Island's best, yes we got a few of them Rakim, P.E., ain't no doin them Rocked Apollo, and there's no booin them Money up front ain't nobody screwin them What you say, what you say now So what you say, what you say now What you say, what you say now So what you say, what you say now Yup - what you say, what you say now Yeah.. with the heat Method Man [Method Man] Yo, nuttin to lose cause I got nuttin to prove, I'm rugged Who be like fuck it if I fart in my shoes, you love it I'm cold (brrr) trust it ain't really no room to discuss it Leave niggaz disgusted I shit on they life and flush it Not only make that green but puff it, easy come easy does it You bring the dutches, I'll "Bring Da Ruckus" (wrong one to fuck wit) I ain't no puppet, ain't no pullin my strings to public It's he the rugged, y'all ain't bustin them things, so bust it I'm at my rawest when you give me a stage and a cordless I can't call it, eat my shit leave stains in the toilet The Staten Island nigga chewin ya ears Cause y'all don't do it like we doin it here, and that's clear This Cash Money, dates back to crack money And crash dummy corny-ass raps don't get no dap from me My dudes is hungry like they animal son And eat MC's like a cannibal, ONE [E-Dub] + (Meth) Yup PMD (This is dedicated to e'rybody ain't think I had it in me) (Knahmsayin?) Word (Talkin 'bout they ain't feelin me) (Fuck you I ain't feelin you!) [Parrish Smith] The bad guy always win cause he prey on the weak In the band, church, schoolyard and street That's why the P stay A-L-E-R-T With the A-R-1-0 sittin right next to me One of the tag team champs, share the belt with E Mess with us get disposed of properly Ain't no one stoppin me, P's prophecy was to recollide with the Bandit, EPMD Cause we got a passion for the mic like +A Passion For Christ+ We got a passion for life, trunk jewels, chrome and dice But no snake eyes, or we break guys and then break fly Leave the Lakeside on a time-out like take five Expect the blessin or yo you'll be gone quick You wanna talk crazy wreckless, you wanna talk slick? You can't control your anger homey so you lost it Now the Squadron comin through - so what'chu want kid~? [E-Dub] Nuttin but heat huh, yup It's all over See-ya! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: EPMD Album: We Mean Business Song: Jane * Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash * technically the 7th "Jane" song following "Jane 6" in 1999 [Erick Sermon] Hangin out one Sunday night, up at Grand Yes, me and my man (P) plus the fam Walked in like we owned the joint, packin the joint Sound bangin, Supreme DJ on point [Parrish Smith] Straight to the V.I.P. (yo P) Yo E, what'chu thinkin? (Hennessy, what you drinkin?) Goose [Erick Sermon] We can ball like people with riches do What? I don't like champagne, but bitches do [Parrish Smith] 10 minutes later, females walkin up To the velvet rope (LET ME CLEAR MY THROAT!) [Erick Sermon] Six come in, one in particular Had a devilish grin (shorty what's your name?) Jen But she's bad as hell, smell ridiculous Back of my mind, I'm thinkin 'bout hittin this [Parrish Smith] Yo, haircut, like Keyshia Cole Body like a stripper she belonged on a pole [Erick Sermon] Uh-huh, she sat down right between P and I Like "HI!" Real moist, I know that voice P tell me (oh no, it couldn't be) (The J to the A to the N to the E) Open your cell phone up so I can see Yup that's she (up in N-Y-C) A Joe Budden "Jump Off," I head towards the bathroom (Yo E this way) Good brains, smartest one in the classroom [Parrish Smith] A gold digger, she eats niggaz like fast food A Wu-Tang chick, she knows that "Cash Rules" [Erick Sermon] Play me? I'm a G A pimp like Bishop Don Juan, junk king of bonds [Parrish Smith] PMD, that's that bullshit I'm on Never get played, no arcade, no games No dames, P learnt his lesson from Jane What'chu see is not what you get that's why I stay in my lane Cause the box'll have you hemmed up, goin insane On some kiss kiss shit like Chris and T-Pain [Erick Sermon] So off we go, let the trumpets blow And beware, from the J to the A, she's a hoe The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: EPMD f/ Skyzoo Album: We Mean Business Song: Left 4 Dead Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro: Erick Sermon] Yeah EPMD, 9th Wonder It's crazy New York Charlotte, yep! EPMD can hold you down baby Uh [Parrish Smith] Spark this off with a b-boy who show P love O.G. from the golden era, duckin bullets and slugs Meltin ice cream mugs, EPMD the niggaz you love New York Vice, tight like Crockett and Tubbs Rarely seen but when seen on the scene (who you wit?) I'm with Green, gettin cream, a +Wild Thing+ like Charlie Sheen [Erick Sermon] A "Wild Thing" like Tone Loc, I'm no joke, take notes The rap intrepid, I blow on record No boat, I'm still captain, what's happenin The big dawg of rap and the E Great Dane My name is Hall of Fame, the game owe me some change +The Collector+, Denzel director, go tell [Parrish Smith] Yeah mock bird with six shells, leave a smoky smell Have you up in the hospital ringin the nurse's bell [Erick Sermon] Like ding I got hit (uh-huh) by two of rap's, most dangerous E and P and they both had stainless [Chorus: Parrish Smith] Biggie Smalls and 2Pac - left for dead Innocent bystanders - left for dead Big L, Jam Master Jay - left for dead The whole hip-hop culture - left for dead (oh, my, God) [Parrish Smith] Okay fun's up (say what?) The reign son's up Hoes down, G's up, yo let your guns bust For the soldiers that fell, for the soldiers in jail For the cats that ain't makin it, dudes with no bail Stand or die, yo I tell no lie You get caught not tellin the truth they make sure you fry [Erick Sermon] Uh-huh, we won't fry, cause we don't lie We ain't change funk flow still same Beats still knockin, we still rockin Cats on the bozack, they ain't poppin Lil' things stoppin, and that means you Cause we shuttin you down, for the underground [Parrish Smith] Run cats out of town like P.E. we "Shut 'Em Down" Bustin live rounds, straight gunnin now [Erick Sermon] Shhh, out in the open, rubber grip shit with red scope an' beware when you approachin [Skyzoo] Yeah, call me S-K-Y, Z-O-O They say the first line is probably the best line I call it the set line it's sort of the fetch line But then the next line that follows the first line Will body the first line and make it the worst line So what it means is, whatever procedes this is above the previous, stepping stong weak shit 24 leak shit, grind with a pen And try to line up with the pen but it's up where the nosebleeds is S-K, the forechosen to cut 'cross The last rapper for everyone you grew up on I'm past better, my past letters is past headers I'm a product of student money and black leathers 7-1-8 shit, no better replacement Started writin backwards, young'un letters is basic Huh, different with a given goal the way I'm pitchin with it Don't take it to heart homey it's "Strictly Business" The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: EPMD f/ Keith Murray Album: We Mean Business Song: They Tell Me  Typed by: aerigk@nurfuerspam.de [Erick Sermon] Yeah Something has to be said Uh Somebody tell me something Whats up? [Parrish Smith] That it's on right now and we about to let off And that the industry is sleepin and HipHop is soft EPMD is the boss like Rick Ross We don't knock or ring or else we kick down the door with force Bust you down, leave a sign on you that say you lost Game over, no more quaters, plus the machine is broke Money don't really remember nothing, all he has seen is smoke No witness, no statement, no case Incorporate you eat cheese, then you get a raise Rubbed out return to the earth Six feet deep in the dirt With the snakes and maggots cause you got murked  [Erick Sermon] Yeah, and they keep telling me that You're only as good as your last record And if I was to do something now they wouldn't second Hardcore respect it and that is enough You got more props then call your bluff Same thing happend to Marry and Mariah They both came back with fire, fuck retiring I got belts around my waist You keep holding your pants up Homeboy male up! That's your opinion, cause you're not feeling it How you know they're hot the fans not hearing it The record pins steering it in one direction You, there is some music in the real niggas section [Parrish Smith] That EPMD is a corporation it's not its the group And that they always stack paper so put up your loot Ghetto celebs that's why niggaz salute Orange juice and grey goose We dramatic backwards now that P is loose Me and E is back for the kill, no troops That's why we spit the real in the vocal booth [Erick Sermon] Yeah so called gangster and you ain't even hard So called boxer and you ain't even sport When them ribber hit you got punked in the yard You said you got shot and you ain't even scarred But they belive this and you keep betraying them You are a bitch and I'm not the only one saying it [Keith Murray] Now he from the BX but he really soft And he from BK but his guns don't go off He from cop killer Queens but he still getting robbed And he from money making but he ain't on his job Now he from LA but he's scared to bang And he from Texas but he will do the damn thing He'd stay in VA but he is scared of the streets And he's from Chi-a but he's sweet as a peach I can tell you 'bout the dope fiends and all of that But I let them tell it 'cause they sell their moms crack And that ain't gangsta that is wanksta Went to jail and the homo shanked ya Don't get caught between my city and the moon You'll be screaming at night, you loose your life at me to doom I really hung with BIG, squared off with Pac Shook hands in the House of Blues before the shit popped First fought niggaz in the industry and kept it cool You ain't see me running my mouth in no interviews And you fools on them DVD's waving tools No that ain't something that a gangsta do The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: EPMD f/ Tre, Vic D Album: We Mean Business Song: Actin' Up Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash When one-two starts actin up Homey duck, homey duck, homey duck, homey duck BLAOW! Somebody shoulda told that dude BLAOW! Somebody shoulda told that dude [Verse One: Vic D] "One, two, three, four, five" Oh-six through oh-eight, this is oh-nine live And for the new year I pack a chrome fo'-five And keep it straight raw like Shady fo'-five It's I, youngest in charge, a.k.a. so fly Act up, I'm your neck like a fuckin bowtie Back up, show respect to the newest multi- -million sold, and that's only in the N.Y. - OH! Get low when that kickback blow I put a X on you squares, call it tic-tac-toe {*click clack BLOW*} Put a lil' tag on his toe I call it yeast infection faggot how I get that dough So who want beef, and I'ma shoot it 'til my shooter come through Hop out the Cougar put a hole in your medullah It's mo' back at it I'm stoned like crack addicts Hocus pocus sayonara I'm gone - black magic [Verse Two: Erick Sermon] + (Parrish Smith) That EPMD we a hip-hop phenom' This style I birthed it, I am the mom The illest (Slow Flow) and the one-two (Without D.M.C. I'm who they Run to) Who they come to, to get their swag (I've been that little boy with the duffel bag) Ain't anything changed, keep cash bags with me (I'm a threat, so I keep trash bags with me) Okay! Dem lay, and if dey dumpin Double pumpin shotgun action, who's askin? YOUUUUUUUUUUUU~! (Can't be for real) (You eatin, but you ain't finish your meal) Uhh, I'm the blueprint for those who can't lose (I wrote them checks so I paid them dues) Yeah Sermon, who walked in my shoes? You better be Bigfoot (if not stay put) [Verse Three: Tre] So I'm the future of this music, bet your life on that Since construction paper and Crayolas I've been writin raps So don't confuse me with these bamas that, ain't got no talent And just all of a sudden up and decide to rap Ain't no disguisin that bullshit, they ride to that bullshit Who bought 'em that bullshit? Your mom and them? She probably mad, 'bout to whup your ass for not again But don't feel bad, you just tryin to win Talkin 'bout designers and your diamonds what you drivin in And you ain't even behind the wheel, go to the passenger side of it Tell me - why is that niggaz do that? That nigga ain't do that He lyin, he ain't never lived through that Even people that know you hear you and be like "Who dat?" That nigga ain't do that (uh-uh, I don't believe him) I been knew that, been seen through that Hear you yappin 'bout some weight you never sold People you ain't never shoot at Take it down, let's see whatever fairy tales you bring back (You do got a good imagination though, I can tell you that) This force is all boss, to fakers of all fakers Just face it, you all talk and it's PHONY BABY The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Erick Sermon f/ Joe Sinistr Album: No Pressure Song: Payback II Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [E Double] Word em up [Joe Sinistr] Word em up, ha ha Got the E Double, right there [E Double] JMJ combined with Grand.. Royal.. Nineteen ninety-three, ninety-four Word em up [Joe Sinistr] Here we go, Joe Sinistr representin from the joint Verse One: Erick Sermon Yo yo, I pause for the cause I seen niggaz heads busted, someone pass the gauze This rhyme may affect the skull to a point and crash the membrane, so you should spark a joint *inhale* There I go and now it's Showtime without KiKi Shepherd, now the bitch feels neglected Check the memo, remember you listened to my demo; Yeah the one about the fuckin limo? Rewind because I'm pushed for time right now What where when how, my sound's out there like Moscow I hear nuttin but the music, raw fusion No mass confusion or illusion Blink blink, blink so what you sayin? I'm not playin Hey man, yo I caught you playin So don't be conspicous, cause you can't get with this hardcore scientifical, far from typical My rap style, is dy-no-mite It make you wanna be like the E Double, and not like Mike Yo, bust my acoustics, SWING! Deranged, when I rock the mic I feel strange Now back to our program, fuck Batman, bang bang Sound from the gat-man Let me quit it, cause I feel I have shitted and got mad niggaz widdit Joe Sinistr follows So y'all get my dick, until tomorrow Chorus: Joe Sinistr It's the second payback, payback part II Yeah, it's the second payback, the payback part II Uh-huh, yeah -- it's the second payback, the payback part II Uh-huh, yeah -- it's the second payback, payback part II It's part II, uhh Verse Two: Joe Sinistr And while niggaz still arrested virgins, I rips it ill as Erick Sermon's, we's the ones usin the method slurrin So Joe Sinistr came through the armed recruit to blank crews My six will fix another one greedy FOREAL, let's peel they hats back for deal slow And we'll catch clown, with they pants down REAL LOW The screwball better work a RuPaul and switch fast or we'll be in the cornfield, killin your bitch ass And Timb's roam through bad bad odor but it is home Wild flex and more sex than Mad Cobra So take it easy ?just to mash a kraut? mine's the cheesiest And I'm sworn to keep their eyes on more than CBS I make the Funk Doobie turn to a process I mob just any nigga, I don't care who he I still get doughs, takin off bitches Girbauds and lamp with Erick, a champ merit cause I flip foes See these screws loose, I repeat, Beetlejuice, Beetlejuice But stop there goes the third time with the cock-a-roach And I get more flows than Vic Tayback So kids, here come the second big payback Chorus 1/2 Verse Three: Erick Sermon, Joe Sinistr *tire squeeling sound* I return burnin rubber The black African brother, low key so call me undercover The funkster from the boonies I love Muhammad Ali, so FUCK Gerry Cooney Oops, can't forget, under a roof from One Nation *rrraow* Crowd participation Shit, I'm so upset, I feel like snappin niggaz neck but I'ma chill and let Joe get wreck My secret recipe put Pepsi on Diet's, uh-huh The funk dog as I come low to piss on hydrants and howl at half moons and White Owls and mad tunes Live quite fowl, leavin Lifestyles in bitches bathrooms I crack granite, and pack a mass transit it's so weird My style is more Fear-ed than Black Planets And I fuck your shit, suck my dick for explicit I let clips at your name, pay rent in your brain And I gets wicked, wick-wick-wicked And keeps a full clip in case the bullets get evicted And now to twirl up the fat nigga, seek psychiatric I devour worlds and Galactus I gets mean troop, grabbin Christine around the block at sixteen, spittin the green pea soup And cock nines, when niggaz got slime, the only men puffin Nick Nick Nick's- with -elodeon It's Joe no diss cause the funk mist flow Make a mess like Aunt Tess when she leaped off the sixth flo' So straighten it out if your knock-kneed 'fore they draw chalk around the body The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Erick Sermon Album: No Pressure Song: Stay Real I. It's on breaker 1, 2 mike checkin'  flexin no half steppin  when I release the funky weapon  like Ricochet ping ping ping.  I make fans fell it even when I sing.  The green eyed bandit coming funky with the tune yes  I'm blowing up like Tom Berringer in Platoon.  I'm playing kinda ruff like Zapp  whapp and E-Double smack to all the crossover raps black  who ain't down with the format  when you should be wearing khakis and not dress slacks  that's wack  you trippin you better wake up and smell the coffee  and then back up off me  I serious I can't believe some people letting frontiers in  and then compare them equal boy you must be buggin  you lucky you don't catch a slug in the chest in  from the Smith and Wessons.  Change the out look  change the cover of the book  you hip hop crook and give back what you took.  It's the Funk coming at cha  so don't let the crossover catch ya.  Boy stay real.  II. It's on again yeah about the fake hip hop trends  for those who can't comprehend just ask your friends  they know the real deal of rap music no frontin  you can't be talking loud and saying nothing  you must be true to the game you understand  and if not I could kill you man  for being false plus extra fake on the tape  talking hardcore when you soft like a piece of cake.  You can't put nothing pass me that horrendous cause  I've been here since strictly business  the era of Eric and Rakim, Biz, Public Enemy, Run-DMC,  Houdini, The Beasties, Stetsa, Fresh Prince and Jazzy Jeff, LL  when he was rockin bells.  Sucker which fake emcee is rearranging the structure band the motherf--ker. And don't let this happen again  cause rap could be gone the wind.  So stay real.  III. Yes I'm back Black for those who might be confused  and lost and don't wanna pay the cost  of me hardcore style type a human being  on the microphone when I be emceeing.  Some fake the Funk and Main Source know it  how do I know cause MTV shows it.  Clowns that should be beat down on the spot and catching nothing but speed knots the bumbadots  I insist we veto all fake emcees and wanna be's  that's worst than the AIDS disease.  So wake up Spike Lee Joint  and don't be a knucklehead and get to the point  with the Funk and pump up the volume  make the wild tune to make the party boom  peace to Redman the Rap Funkadelic  the only emcee that's compared to Erick because I'm real. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Erick Sermon Album: No Pressure Song: Imma Gitz Mine Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Erick Sermon] Aooowwwwwwwwwwwww! Part one, the mastermind begins upon a quest Gettin stupid -- shootin rhymes like arrows shot by Cupid Ahh, you so crazy, is what somebody told me You can't hold me, so why you actin bold G? Come correct when you steppin dude, don't get rude or I might blast you durin my interlude But for real though, I'm doper than chronic A million dollar man, but I'm not bionic Erick Sermon, a name you know so don't front kid E.D., rock the mic and roll the blunt, ya dig? Goal is to get Naughty by Nature And blow up like when girls blow up my SkyPager Make loot by the stacks - so when I come back  through my neighborhood, they see I'm doin good I got my hat to the back, my hands down below So act like you know Chorus: Erick Sermon (repeat 2X) Imma gitz mine, you go and get yours (3X) Imma gitz mine, you got it! [Erick Sermon] Part two, show the way I flip the funk lyric and get ghost - with the magical form of spirit I do my thing, I don't dare front or flake I commence to earthquake, dominate, and cremate Abuse and use a funky form of dialect when I mic check, I freak the ill concept like skip to my loo my darling, I hear someone calling Hey, Erick Sermon, yes yes y'alling I got funk by the ounce to make you bounce to the bus stop, and flash back to the wop Now I got the +Vibeology+, in a funky way Somethin Paula Abdul would say My style Development, should be Arrested Arrested Development, _Everyday People_ from my heritage kickin, E's on a mission It's a black thing kid, and not the Blonde Ambition Mackaframa, fly mack-dose Got props from North South, East and the West coast Like Michael Jackson boy, just _Leave Me Alone_ Cause once again it's on Chorus [Erick Sermon] (Worrrd) One two, as I speak upon the funk Why is that when the ?, the people told the junk Man, we can't have anything Why can't we all just get along like my man Rodney King I'm a young man, doin what I have to Who asked you? I'm doin what I gotta do I'm guaranteed to have my own show, like Arsenio if I maintain to be a desperado Stayin wicked when I kick it through your speaker You might think I'm a alien, but that's a corny ? Because my ways are, "Strange -- and I like it" and got power like a psychic I'm +Cool Like Dat+ when I react with the rap but if you ain't down with it then get the bozack Chorus The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Erick Sermon f/ Keith Murray Album: No Pressure Song: Hostile [Sermon doing a high-pitched voice] Erick Sermon is coming up... I see him! I see him! [Erick Sermon] Word up 		"You're quite hostile..." 		"I got a right to be hostile!" [Jeff Stewart] Ladies and gentlemen, are you ready Help me bring to the stage the grandmaster The undisputed heavyweight of hip-hop The Funklord, you know him as the Green Eyed Bandit Ladies and gentlemen... the MC Grand Royal Erick Sermon! [Erick Sermon] It's the E Double (who?) The Funklord, god damn Yo I'm swingin more shit than Tarzan (word em up) I freak the ill tactics cause I'ma ghetto bastard Some say my rap style is drastic Whoahh, I tear the frame out the microphone Daddy's home, the owner of the chrome (yeah yeah) Yo, my concepts is wicked; even the wicked witch couldn't get with the switch, the ugly bitch (word em up) Time to reach my peak this week, and rock a ill technique So y'all can freak out like sheep The undercover from Brentwood, yes I'm doing awesome You wanna see me call Steve Austin (hehehehehe) For your protection, go sit in the R&B section for this session Cause I'm real deal boy you better believe it word Straight from the Boondocks, a.k.a., the suburbs Peace to the underground, where I create my sound that's more doper than "Spellbound" (word) My time's up, so what the fuck slouch? (YEAH) I'ma be back, for now I'm out (word up!) 		"You're quite hostile..." [Jeff Stewart] And now		"I gotta right to be hostile!" Introducing, the man with the flyest transparent style on the planet 		"You're quite hostile..." 		"I gotta right to be hostile!" Straight from L.O.D., Kirkland Ave 		"You're quite hostile..." The one and only Philly Blunt King 		"I gotta right to be hostile!" 		"You're quite hostile..." 		"I gotta right to be hostile!" [Keith Murray] Keith Murray's, comin from the North South East and Left Rhymin to death, makin a world when I take a deep breath With a body boom bash, my paragraph a trey-deuce Human behavior in a psychopath Ooooh, I might lose my cool, and break fool and pull out my get busy tools I write like a mad journalist to funk, that's deeper than a bottomless spliff (that's my word) The most beautifullest thing in this world is my notion, for murderous poetry in motion And the illiotic shit I come across form a leash you're trapped in with explosive force I push your head through the cracks of sanity and leave your brain doin a bid in purgatory It's ninety-six degrees in the shade before I catch blood on my blade I take my frustration to the stage and gets open dope and stupid bumblin rumblin tracks When I rap my jams be packed like a laundromat My context'll wreck your whole concept Cause my delivery is so complex And I'm inter-galactic on plastic with the superdistinguish that I kick I'm high strung at the top of my lung with my tongue makin hardcore niggaz wanna get dumb My dialogue comes straight from the slums Damnage to your medula, cerebrum and cerebellum if ya got a crew ya better tell em [Jeff Stewart] ("Hostile" sample set repeats in background) Ladies and gentlemen, what you've just witnessed is the incredible skills of Erick Sermon.. and Keith Murray Coming to an album near you soon This has been another Erick Sermon production This is Jeff Stewart signing off, and until next time saying... GOD DAMN!!! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Erick Sermon Album: No Pressure Song: Do it Up Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Erick Sermon] Check it out I pull up to your bumper, with somethin funky Yeah, somethin stronger than brass monkey With the flavor I be kickin, dope Like my horoscope, a Sagittarius, no joke Word, the rappin dynamite, quick to blow like Mike Who am I? (E.D.) Right, right Can you believe it, even Stevie Wonder couldn't see it I'm catchin wreck so beat it Yo I contour my lines, to freak a funky rhyme to fit you like a pair of Calvin Kleins Mad brother with distinction, keep the girls blinkin and have the homeboys thinkin I'm the man of hour, of the hour I found He-Man, jacked him for his power (gimme that) Now I carry a sword, attached by a live cord Oh my lord! Chorus: Erick Sermon (repeat 4X) Watch me do it up like this.. {"like this.." -> Slick Rick} Watch me do it up like that.. {"like.. like.."} [Erick Sermon] Yeah, E's real dope (word?) Yes indeed No one can stop me, ask Apollo Creed I pack a punch cause my crew runs deep like the Brady Bunch, and we all smoke the blunts (Word em up now) I get raw, raw like a fish market Mics I spark it, with the funky target You must trust me, and stop tryin to bug me with the one-two, before I rush you and crush you I'm on a mission, like a church group called Commission Word-gifted, keep the crowd uplifted (yea yea) E Double, a nigga standin tall Rockin the microphone "for all of y'all" Word up, live on your station Gettin mad crowd participation, when I'm rockin the nation Don't forget, I'm still cock diesel Hoes be on me like the measles Chorus [Erick Sermon] Oh no it's the _End of the Road_ Oh my God like Wanye, today was a good day Word, ooh yah, I rip the mic to shreds Enough lyrical food to keep the Ethiopians fed Word em up {*pulls on a joint*} I inhale from the K.D. Posse, two of my homegirls When I rock the mic and get freaky and nasty People in the industry seldom ask me Whassup, whassup, whassup wit you E, ask Eddie Murphy (yea yea) Don't forget, to reach for the stars Cause I'm past that, I'm reachin for Mars, so peace to all those true human beings Hehehehe, I see you in the coliseums Chorus "This is MY MOTHERFUCKIN HOUSE!!" -> Run of Run-D.M.C. "This is MY MOTHERFUCKIN HOUSE!!" -> Run of Run-D.M.C. "This is MY MOTHERFUCKIN HOUSE!!" -> Run of Run-D.M.C. "This is MY MOTHERFUCKIN HOUSE!!" -> Run of Run-D.M.C. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Erick Sermon Album: No Pressure Song: Safe Sex Typed by: brians@compusmart.ab.ca sex have some sex safe sex word 'em up okay, it's time for some action a little passion, some booty waxin' for the bozac, make sure he's strapped and if baby got back, then yo, we with that call up a few people on the phone yo we're havin' a party, at my private home some bring some chronic, plus some brew call up your girl and invite her too come active and bring purple lactives 'cause we're gonna get more busy than gymnastics and do the humpty hump all night so when you come with the boy, make sure you're right it's nine o'clock, party starts at ten so enough for now, I'll talk to you then later, huh, I'll see you when you get here and make it quick, ah yeah time for some safe sex safe sex safe sex safe sex we all need (safe sex) ding dong, there goes the bell I opened up the door and oh, what the hell it was a buncha niggas standin' by my door I said come in, but respect my floor that means take off your shoes and englands 'cause I'm a gentleman, some say distinguished all of y'all put your things up in the kitchen and the rest of y'all sit down and listen be free and relax in what you're wearin' let's all be happy like Bobby McFerrin and get loose and produce the funky juice and let's swing this shit like they swing a forty deuce they want some reggae, like some flex time to have sex and it's all night, so turn off the light and let's get high as a kite and have safe sex somebody say sex (sex) say safe sex (safe sex) I love it (I love it) I need it (I need it) but for real, when you're havin' sex no matter what type, make sure you wear the latex to all of the cons out there sexin' stop and look, boy, you're stressed out protection cause aids is real and something to beleive or not make-beleive and fake like hair weave a death wish like Charles Bronson and if you don't beleive me then ask Magic Johnson about the sex The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Erick Sermon Album: No Pressure Song: Hittin' Switches Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash 	[Shadz of Lingo] 	Yeah, this is Colorado from Shadz of Lingo 	Kickin it with the Funklord himself, E Double 	Hittin' switches, and we bout to get stupid 	So you know, yo E, check it [Erick Sermon] Ah yeah one two, hey young world, hey young world {"It's on!"} Mic check, here I go again, check me out Bust the flavor {"heYYYYYyyyy"} you know my clout Rough and rugged -- funk's the contact I hit you with to make your head split, trip and do a backflip I swing it hardcore like an orangutang I bring it wicked, and freak the funk slang like god damn, yea dude gnarly, fuckin A I don't Play-Doh, my nickname ain't Clay It's the E Double, mackaframa, bust the grammar My style is sickening, like Roseanne-ah Plus, I'm funky like _Atomic Dog_ Boy you can't see me, I'm thicker than fog, so save that drama, here's a floppy disk don't risk it Boo-yaa, that's my biscuit! On the mic, I cover every angle A square, tri-part to a rectangle I mean dat wit a passion, so be it When I rock the mic it's worth seein So cop a squad and parlay bitch with the E-R-I-C-K, while I'm hittin' switches Chorus: Erick Sermon (repeat 2X) 	Off and on, off and on, it's on (4X) Hittin' switches! [Erick Sermon] Ah shit, it's part two, it's on with the funk so RING THE ALARM, ding! While I drop the bomb on the country, E's gettin funky word to mother I smother, any emcee or so-called brother Why? I gets busy, who the hell is he? The roughneck from New York City You wanna mess around with the ill bastard then get your ass kicked, messin with the click Def Squad, now on location, with the funky sensation You wanna step you must be freebasin Punk, why you playin, you bored? You can't afford, to get choked by the mic cord I keep you drunk like whiskey, solve the mystery ummmm, without Agatha Christie (there we go) You think you know _What's Going On_ without Marvin Gaye around, c'mon let's get down I spark your brain with all funk material And gettin wicked, and let Wilson Pickett Before I break, let me announce - get the bozack Now we all can bounce, as I'm hittin' switches Chorus [Erick Sermon] (Switch) Back in effect mode, droppin loads Watch me explode with the devil in me like crossroads and ding-a-ling-a-ling with the guitar, freak the funk speech Make the contact strong as bleach Rock the mic make the vibes right, and plus dy-no-mite so I can fly high like Mike and "Just Do It" And get freaky-deaky on the real, grab the steel in case there's caps to peel In the mix, when I flex the context, beware like when you're havin safe sex I continue to get brand new, one two My mic held tight, so I can recite the hype and get busy, my name is Erick Sermon Back for the Adventure, without Pee-Wee Herman For those who don't know, don't act suspicious while I'm hittin' switches Chorus The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Erick Sermon Album: No Pressure Song: Erick Sermon Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Erick Sermon] Owww! Word em up, word em up yo Yeah yeah, word em up like dat Erick Sermon's in effect Def Squad, that's the hype One more time word Yeah Yeah, mackadocious shit Yeah This is my openin, E comin at ya lazy style Versatile, crazy wild with my profile Dominatin the microphone, on my own Freakin it, with the ill vocal tone Outspoken, here's a token of my appreciation I bring drama like Jason Who can see me? You better ask Superman for his super vision, cause I'm on a fuckin mission Test my skills, and I rearrange your fuckin grill Will kill if I have to get ill Get away, carry on, and step like the S1's, cause my crew carry big guns to blow up, anybody in the range And plus I'm bad as Michael Jackson, even though he +Dangerous+ E Double with the funk type shit This is it, so get with the skit motherfucker 	Who am I E.D. the Green Eyed Bandit 	Who am I E.D. the Green Eyed Bandit 	Heyyyyyy, Erick Sermon (word, that's my motherfuckin name boy) 	Who am I E.D. the Green Eyed Bandit 	Who am I E.D. the Green Eyed Bandit 	Heyyyyyy, Erick Sermon Check this out! I still get loose in the rap vocal booth I know I can, I can like a train caboose Smoke up the hardcore scene when I be rappin I make it blacken yo, and make things happen Why? I'm like the Michael Jackson of rap I'm bad, plus I moonwalk over tracks I am still, so a-mazin I flex, punk and get funky for the occasion Superstitious, so I kill black cats and all that and buck em down with the gat E Double in the house don't you know me What's up homey loc, step and you get smoked I have a dream like Martin Luther King that one day, yo, I can do away with the pitiful, and the critical wack MC's Seperate the ocean, and throw em in between Grab my nuts, hold em, becaues they're golden with more wins than Hulk Hogan It's the future, of a dope producer on the rise, the hype is my green eyes 	Who am I E.D. the Green Eyed Bandit 	Who am I E.D. the Green Eyed Bandit 	Heyyyyyy, Erick Sermon (word, that's my motherfuckin name boy) 	Who am I E.D. the Green Eyed Bandit 	Who am I E.D. the Green Eyed Bandit 	Heyyyyyy, Erick Sermon Aowww, part three! Shhhhh, quiet, your rap style's tired The stores can't sell it, the fans won't buy it Hell no - even if it was sold at an auction Boy get rid of it, like an abortion Word is bond, you made a mistake and struck out, while I'm home safe at the plate Def Squad, act like you know, backed by Russell And that word to me means dough Cause look -- I've been rich and I've been poor Now I'm back in the door hardcore So whattup Duke peace to the crew Def Squad's in the house gettin wrecktafied beaucoup Motherfucker! 	Who am I E.D. the Green Eyed Bandit 	Who am I E.D. the Green Eyed Bandit 	Heyyyyyy, Erick Sermon (word, that's my motherfuckin name boy) 	Who am I E.D. the Green Eyed Bandit 	Who am I E.D. the Green Eyed Bandit 	Heyyyyyy, Erick Sermon Like dat! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Erick Sermon Album: No Pressure Song: The Hype Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash {Beastie Boys sample:  "Here's a little story I gots to tell" repeats in background} [Erick Sermon] Hype, one two like that y'all Check it out one two y'all It's the beat, that make it one and two y'all It's the beat, that makes me wanna ? Peace to my niggaz Peace to my mens Like that, one two y'all, check it out Sunday's here, the end of the week And the club's packed and shit, I feel like freakin Pick up the phone, call my niggaz, "Yo whattup dude? Need me a bitch man, to put me in the fuckin mood Check this here - I'll pick you up around twelve o'clock right around the parking lot, I'll find a spot It's on, man I'll see you soon in about twelve hours, yeah past noon" It's the hype yo It's the hype Word, pulled up brake, ehh, by the front door Parlay, and I stepped out hardcore I tipped the boy park the car in the front Not the back, in case I have to run and get my strap I walked inside, somebody sing, "Errrick Serrrmon" That's me, got me in free Looked around the club, man no half-steppin Walked straight up, to the V.I.P. section Sat by the wall, so I can see what's happenin My boys spread out, got their girls, and rappin Oh no, I see a girl comin towards me Posse deep, so I paused for the cause G She approached me, hi, told me her name I told her my name, then kicked the game Sat beside me, like Little Miss Tuffet (hello) Talkin bullshit, knowin I want to fuck it Basically, I figured she was widdit So I pulled out my ink pen and exchanged the phone digits Gimme a call when you get to your crib So I can get directions, right to where you live She smiled, and left, the girl was wide open I'm no jokin, when the E blows the smoke in Check the Rolex, asked for my check The waitress came over in a pair of black spandex (whoo!) Gave me a look like, "Aren't you Erick Sermon?" "Yes, and who is it concernin?" Me, that's the hype It's the hype I asked her, "What time you get off?" "Oh, in 15 minutes" So I stormed the bitch like a blizzard "Umm, can I take you home?" "Sure meet me in the parking lot I'll flash my high beams, so you can find my spot" She came out - MAN, she was all that Cool like that, and stacked like that She jumped in with a wide open grin Before I went to her crib, I dropped off my best friend Got to his house, and gave him dap He knew what time it was, so he passed me a jim hat Got to her house, then parked the Jeep I asked her who was home she said her sister but she sleep Walked upstairs, right into the room with one skylight lookin straight at the moon (yep yep) She wasted no time, man she was on it Grabbed for the bozack, and her hands was packed Took off our clothes, went to work, man trust me I heard someone knockin, somebody tried to bust me It was her sister, man I must be buggin (ahh shit!) It's the same girl, I met from the night clubbers "That's your sister? Oh I didn't know -- I'll go" and they both screamed, "Hell no!" They smiled, with a devilish grin and the other sister jumped in That's the hype It's the hype yo That's the hype Word em up, one two it's the hype, check it out yo yo It's the hype yo It's the hype, yo it's the hype, word em up it's the hype Yo ?, take em out The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Erick Sermon f/ Shadz of Lingo Album: No Pressure Song: Lil Crazy Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Erick Sermon] Hey young world, one two, one two Check it out y'all Uhh, Shadz of Lingo in the house E Double's in the house with Def Squad on the funky fresh track with Shadz of Lingo Mic check one two, yo you got my nerves jumpin around and _Humpin' Around_ like Bobby Brown across town I ain't with that, so don't cramp my style Step off me, I'm hyped like I had a pound of coffee Yo how could you ask what I'm doin when I'm pursuin, gettin funky with my crew and My input brings vibes unknown like E.T. Makes me phone home to my family Cling, hello mom, I'm doin it, freakin more fame than Batman played by Michael Keaton I crossed over, let me name someone that's black with fame, and pockets that are fat Heyyy, Erick Sermon, he's one Packs a gun, that's bigger than Malcolm's Out the window, I look for a punk to get stupid so I can shoot his ass like Cupid E 2 bingos, down with the Shadz of Lingo Here to bust out the funky single Ahh shit, there goes my pager I'll see you later, because yo Chorus: Erick Sermon Every now and then, I get a little crazy (4X) [Shadz of Lingo - 1] One two how can I do it? I guess I'll spit the real Yo I pack much dick, with the cover made of steel hoe Yes yes, never fessed or settled for less One clown stepped, and got a hole in the fuckin chest from the A.K., somebody scream MAYDAY Took the sucker out, cause he clowned me on a payday The funk is flowin to the maximum from the E Double, while I kick the facts to them Check a chill brother with class, rough enough to run up and snatch the spine out a niggaz ass Grip the steel when caps peeled, here to chill on the real and don't give a motherfuck how you feel Thinkin you're steppin to this, I kinda doubt it Ain't with the bullshit, so you can write a fuckin book about it The big nigga with the bud and I'm on that E kick the beat and yo you shoulda known that Chorus [Shadz of Lingo - 2] Yo it's the Lingo of the Shadz Droppin that mellow but mad mackadocious melodious metaphorical music with mo' shit that you used to, and stylin that you ain't What else I got to do but draw the pictures with paints? {*feedback*} Oh no, there's my mic squeakin A soundman's body turnin up every weekend Some think I done the killin, you know I can't remember I can't recall a full week since this past December And mics catchin fire 'fore I get the chance to touch em Yo Al. B catch the buddha lightin torches, I'ma bust em But don't rush em, leave the pyromaniac alone he heard the words to hit em on the red dot and knows I'm thinkin bout MURDER Run {run} hide {hide} you can't {can't} escape {scape} The hit {the hit's} on, I got the {got the} papes {papes} Dodge {dodge} red {red} lasers {lasers} scannin {scannin} brings {brings} fly {fly when} rhymes {rhymes} landin {landin} Let me go .. no .. yo, I'm straight {straight} Chill {chill}, yo I need AUHHHH, air, wait {wait} Cross {cross} fade {fade's} a killer {killer} style and {style and} where's the {where's the} soundman Tell me {tell me} was I whylin {whylin} cause {cause} Chorus [Erick Sermon] Hey young world Check me out, check me, check me out Hey young world New York's in the house Def Squad's in the motherfuckin, house New York's in the motherfuckin, house Rowdy Records in the motherfuckin, house Def Squad's in the motherfuckin, house E.D.'s in the motherfuckin house (Def Jam boy) Shadz of Lingo in the motherfuckin house Peace.. and we out (Russell Simmons boy) Word The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Erick Sermon f/ Kam and Ice Cube Album: No Pressure Song: The Ill Shit [Chorus, Ice Cube] With tha boom and ping! Listen to the ill shit that I bring bring! (repeats 4 times) [Erick Sermon] What's the 411? Erick Sermon, Ice Cube, and Kam are here to get the job done So back the fuck up! I have an attitude, dude, I'm 'bout ta get rude I'm buckin' out shots during my interlude Right about now I'm 'bout ta get corageous like the cat Got the gat in the corner of my back so get the bozack The American Dream, the people choice pick I flip more vowels than Pat Sajak's white bitch I'm bad ask Michael Jackson's dad about E-Double The mack fram, the black superman made of steel The mic I'm holdin' is a Samson E-D the Green Eyed Bandit in raw fashion I'm lettin' niggaz know my territory My ground is rugged. I kill a million niggaz so fuck it! Nick knack paddy whack give a dog a bone Once again it's on with the brand new song, yeah boy! [Kam] God damn, not Kam! But I'm afraid so, I lay low like a brick Quick to make a cameo, so hand me your eardrum cuz here comes the 411 Little devils don't go to heaven, 187 on a saltine cracker Smack a, paranoid busta so don't make me have to act a fool What's up? Now you can determine The West Coast niggaz is down with Erick Sermon on the G tip We trips hard on the opposition Three niggaz on a mission so listen to the Ill Shit Cuz we'll get wrecked! What you expect! Fuck a rain nigga take a chin check! [Ice Cube] Well here I go again, throwin' up the W Ice Cube and I'm down wit' E-Double crew Pullin' up in my homie's black 6-4 Hittin' switches but mine's a convertible Matched to the West side, still got the 2-2 Cuz some niggaz don't believe in a gang truce Personal shit what is this??? EPMD, goin' out of business? God damnit! Can't leave my dog stranded...the green eyed bandit Picked up Kam cause my nigga need a ride. Fuck a peace treaty But still have the 4-5...glock cocked for the clown Yeah we down pulled up and echoed sound Don't ya know that we can drop 10 of these, dope tracks So fuck all our enemies! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Erick Sermon f/ Keith Murray, Redman Album: No Pressure Song: Swing It Over Here Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash "Kick it over here baby pop!" Chorus: Murray, Sermon, others [KM]	Swing it over here! [all]	Yo swing it over here! [KM]	Swing it over here! [all]	C'mon swing it over here! [KM]	Y'all swing it over here! [all]	Yo swing it over here! [KM]	Come swing it over here! [Red]	Yo, swing it over there! Verse One: Keith Murray My rap style is swift like boom bips so come get a whip, and a bump, it's rough Crews couldn't hold it in handcuffs The ordeal is that I'm raw ill on the mic Switchin my styles up like a transvestite (word) I think of competition as ?? and Keith Murray is the vocabulary champ ?Come in against deep notable to breach lines? I'll make you make the same mistake twice three or four times and nobody got a style like this You could say, I got my thinking cap on backwards I'll demolish the retarded smartest rap artists regardless, tryin to scream the hardest I fuck your head up like amphetamines with L.O.D. Then bend you out of shape like a master Yogi I put my head through your chest, just to see who's next in line, just to get wrecked I makes contact, bust the interlude I take my skills to another level like qualudes And you couldn't hear me out; cause the type of shit I converse about'll drag your brain in the slaughterhouse Chorus: change to [all] throughout Verse Two: Erick Sermon Cling cling, somebody tell me something Why I got more props than Don King without bouncing boxing rings? *ding ding* I be the flyest guy you ever sawr on the microphone Rip the shit to pieces, so leave me alone Check me out, the way I freak the mode The active half flippin shit so split 'fore I explode - BOOM! So umm, pay attention, before I put you and your crew on suspension for being closed minded to my invention Yo, I rock on reel when I record oh my lord The world full of jackers so I keep my shit stored When I rock the microphone I rock it right and keep it hardcore and more blacker than Wesley Snipes To my crew there's no match You want more funk then here's another batch, yo I Chorus: [all] throughout "The Redman that's what they call me" --> EPMD's 'Headbanger' (repeat 3X) [ED]	Oh no, here comes the Funkadelic Redman Verse Three: Redman Aoowwwwwhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh my goodness! Could this be the funk that I was stretching out my lungs Funkadelic sums up *nasal inhale* I clear the mucus Stick tissue up my nose to stop the snot from makin spots To be or not I still give niggaz polka dots for plots Now Richard Dawson had a survey sayin that I was awesome Throw on your Walkmans while I pour the funk sauce in your coffins WAKE UP! While the blunt's laced up just to pick the pace up My style's freaky, nasty like ?Seka? pussy papers when I raped her, you don't know check the four-uno-uno you know That funk mixture that gets your body, holy like scriptures Now right about now I'm settin off a bomb to blow the Empire to ashes -- cause my shit's more raw than niggaz stashes Massive funk, swingin bangin bent up while I fucked ya I'm rough enough ta, fuck up another white man's trucker Redman's evil like the board of ouiji, niggaz could smoke a whole pound of weed and couldn't see me off the TV! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Erick Sermon f/ Soup Album: No Pressure Song: All in the Mind Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Erick Sermon] Oh.. yeahhuhh! Def Squad Chorus: Erick Sermon  It's all in the mind.. (Pump pump, lickin shots!) *7X*       (Pump pump, lickin shots) [Erick Sermon] Aiyyo it's the master rap maniac, comin fat like dat That's my habitat, with the funk track From the Boondocks, when I rocks my styles out the docks Who who? I hear someone knockin at my door It must be Soup, a black human bein I think it's about time for y'all to see him [Soup] Sometimes I get blindsided with the flow, I never know They yell HOE, assumin the motions of a cool flow Notions of a cool, it's the S, Ohhhhhh Never come test, noooooooo, cause even the best'll have to go out with the rest, Nestea and a bag of sess for me Ackninckulous, I kill the weeds in my chest [Erick Sermon] Back on the rebound, it's the magnificents funkdullah Old schooler, more sole/soul than Dr. Scholl-ah Freakin wicked so it sticks in your dome On the chrome microphone so I take it home Don't neglect, just respect, the mic check Don't forget, I still snap necks and come correct I leave the microphone burnin (burnin) Green Eyed Bandit, my ? full name is Erick Sermon [Soup] Erick Sermon, sermon with the preaching I'm fuckin up people's heads without speaking, without speaking Clearly, loudly, niggaz crowd around the speaker to hear me freak the, note like Tamika But sweeter, sixty phoneta, sneaker if you peep the, jams and you reap the fields with the roots and uh, my name is Soup, and uh I flow like orange juice or Tropicana, and uh Chorus [Erick Sermon] Breaker breaker, shh, I hear some static Stop and get my automatic, the rusty one from the attic And shoot, or be killed, and if I ill I might cause a bloodspill so I have to chill and get totally disgusting on the microphone Whyyyyyyyyy, because it's onnnnn (it's on, IT'S ON) It's on (IT'S ON, IT'S ON, IT'S ON, IT'S ON!!) [Soup] The industry is a trick, and everyone is on the dick A cheap trick, just like ? like ? I peep it, everyone, wants me to sound like a ?, I'm dyin, before I get up from behind It's crushin up the rush of the rhyme in my mind Drink and trust - blind, think and trust - my, nine Because, nine lives nine triggers Fine rhymes equal the nine figures Yeah the cold cash, I hold a bold stash Yeah pockets next to my nineteen year old ass Yeah, God bless the child with his own God bless the roots and outsiders who zone Motherfuckers caps, get bucked in the dome Lick a shot, in his mad packed crazy chrome Chorus (+ Soup shouting over) [Soup] Like that, but it's all words Words can kill more pens, than guns, and friends and foes, God knows, I chose the pros that rose, still froze-n, chose-n, YOU S-O-U and the P, E, R-I-C-K Erick Sermon, kickin a rhyme this way Yeah! It's all in, your mind It's all in, my mind It's all in, my mind.. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Erick Sermon Album: No Pressure Song: Female Species Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Peace to hoes.. Jeff Stewart's in the motherfuckin house Peace to Cool V Peace to D Mac, T Smooth, Todd Lightland 	The girls look so good.. 	The girls look so good.. Somethin to pump in your ride when you're cruisin 	The girls look so good.. 	The girls look so good.. Checkin out the female species, peace to the underground {*shouts out some people, can't tell who*} 	The girls look so good.. 	The girls look so good.. 	The girls look so good.. 	The girls look so good.. G, Phil, Cliff, word em up DLA word em up yo [Erick Sermon] here we go cruisin, me and my boys rollin four deep in the A-U streets, seein who we can meet Beep beep, a crew of girls in their green Cherokee Screamin, "That's Erick G," my boys gettin happy B Err, ERRR, the girls made a U-turn Pulled up beside me, tires smellin burned (yea yea) I scoped the whole car yo before I spoke to see which one was dope before I start actin loc That's crazy, "How you doin baby? The one with the daisies, short top with the paisleys What's your name? Oh they call you Lucky?" Had Child's Play on my mind but none of us was Chucky "So what are you doin? Follow me to my crib" I had the girls trailin, had my system wailin (boom boom) Drove off, and my boys screamin loud Happy for the hoes because they wasn't crows (word me up) We argued, on who gets who The first pick is mine, respect from my crew I took the freaky deaky one who was drivin She looked like she was widdit, I definitely want to hit it (word em up) Jeff screamed, "We're goin out for the cause and when we get there, we're goin straight for the drawers" Dude - they was bangin, I must try not to keep them hangin Yeah - but I find myself singin Like that y'all 	The girls look so good.. Yeah, like that y'all 	The girls look so good.. Yeah, like that y'all 	The girls look so good.. Yeah 	The girls look so good.. Talkin about the female species 	The girls look so good.. Like that y'all 	The girls look so good.. Yeah, like that y'all 	The girls look so good.. Yeah, like that y'all 	The girls look so good.. Talkin about the female species [Erick Sermon] On the way home, damn I almost crashed with my friends Four girls in two drop-top BM's Man it must be a dream, I must be on the wrong planet Four girls, lookin like Janet (yea yea) +That's the Way Love Goes+ when you're clockin hoes Nobody knows, but my face expression shows (yea yea) I was wide open, man I couldn't believe it If the girl asked me for my truck, I swear she can keep it (word em up) On the Pharcyde, the girls +Passed Me By+ The ones who was trailin me, goin in the Cherokee But fuck em, I didn't care anymore Cause these girls was the flyest bitches I ever saw (word em up) So me and my boys approached to the cars Stepped out to the females, lookin like some stars (word em up yo) Hi, my name is Erick, whassup, how y'all doin? Just coolin like Levert in y'all tennis skirts (word em up) How bout y'all comin to my crib and take a swim and maybe darken up the skins (yeah) Are you widdit? C'mon, follow me to hook up my friends with your friends, then we all can be friends, WORD - yeah Go on the way, I'm jumpin on the highway Mad traffic and shit, because it was a Friday I check my rearview, lookin right behind me Girls in the BM, lookin kinda fine see My mind playin tricks on me already Someone turned off the lights, yo it musta been Teddy Oh somebody tell me what's happenin I'm caught up, this ain't the way me and my boys was brought up (word em up) Maybe I'm gettin excited - NOT There's no doubt in my mind that that girl is hot Yeah - and matter of fact, she got the BLAZIN looks Make me wanna sing this hook Peace to my man Brent 	The girls look so good.. Peace to my man Markie - word em up 	The girls look so good.. Yeah yeah 	The girls look so good.. Yeah 	The girls look so good.. Talkin about the female species [Erick Sermon] No matter what, like D Mack, call me cousin All over the world, there's girls by the dozens (yea yea) You said you a one woman man, stop lyin It's hard for it to be done, so homes, stop tryin Motherfucker! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: PMD Album: Shad Business Song: Shad Business Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash "Niggaz look shady" [PMD] It's nine-four, P's back in the door Representin - hardcore, steppin through with the Squad tour Mad brothers, know the lingo And funky b-boy niggaz, they thumpin the single From L.A. to Detroit, to Chi-Town New York to Philly (Jersey) all around cause it's strictly underground when I'm troopin with my sound So save the temptation, money keep the limos Cause that's not hip-hop, that's a fashion show "How low can you go?"	I'll tell you ?? dissin mad niggaz goin solo Stop the press what is this? It's not rap kid Bust it it's Shad Business Chorus: PMD and DJ Scratch doing samples (*some unidentified*) "People round town talkin this and that.." [PMD]	Shad Business "People round town talkin this and that.." [PMD]	Shad Business "People round town talkin this and that.." [PMD]	Shad Business "People round town talkin this and that.." [PMD] So stop the press, no contest, no stress buddha sess Yeah still snappin necks for some live effects So where you comin from? The Boondocks, where my tune knocks Pass the tinnocks to bust they loads like nine glocks Yeah so what you sayin Hobbes? Niggaz flock from blocks when I'm blowin up the spot Nuff props to the moms and pops at the one stop (what?) the violence, and racism Black on black crime cause we're killin our brothers and sisters Oh what tit for tat, he took this, she took that Seems like you're guilty - until proven innocent with no facts Some find this hard to comprehend this It's far from equality - swing it P, it's Shad Business Chorus [PMD] Enough with all the he say she say and nosy neighbors You wanna do me a favor? Don't do me no favors Cause nowadays "Niggaz look shady" Fightin over the money and power, but can't take it to the grave see I guess not -  - and that's called ignorance and it's ruinin hip-hop So brothers wanna mess around - we mess around And if brothers wanna "get down, get down" then we get down cause PMD's bringin it swingin it I hear my people callin me, and my fans singin it Big up to Michael Jackson, and Michael Jordan Iron Mike Tyson, Tupac Shakur an' Flavor Flav, can't forget Snoop troop I'm audi ghost, Swayze like kazoo Shad Business Chorus The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: PMD Album: Shade Business Song: In The Zone Typed by: ML4Tisme@gmail.com * * send corrections to the typist [PMD] Pass the callers, w'sap with the small talk You know 's the PMD flips it crazy smoth Like the moon walk So kill the boom and chill Nigga save the thief act In effect like Das best belive that P will bring it, swing it, keeps my shit hardcore Plus next for Mic Doc, another world tour From ghetto to ghetto Borough to borough Niggaz pump my sounds loud cause my shit's thero Hello, where is the P channel zero In the zone trapped off, kid can't hear you [Chorus] x4 Back up, boy.....hand motion In the zone trapped off, kid can't hear you [PMD] Let get back to the underground someone is claimin my sound Catch the beat down Or that other kid, yeah yeah, he caught the Greyhound Outta here, gone, still pumpin rap songs To the mic wreck, 1, 2 to the break of dawn To my people uptown, downtown, eastcoast, westcoast Nuff props to Boogie Down Spark the L, charge the brain cell, hell No time to dwell back live like the third rail I got it in me I know I do not like the ?? rules He sweats, tryna climb he hits the turbo boost Sways can't fade P lacks the 12 gauge Peace, I'm Audi 5thou' still on a rampage [Chorus] x4 Back up, boy.....hand motion In the zone trapped off, kid can't hear you [PMD] Moms not feelin well, and I'm feelin it So step the fuck back She sayed produce that funk and kick that ill rap You know what you made off Didn't raise no slouch nigga Look out for yours, focus on a real picture So strong, gave me the strenght to pump this rap songs And now I'm bringin it back In his brothers arm, the dangerous Ain't no taimin this, far from famous kid I'm just and underground rapper servin a hard bid In the industry You gotta be kidding me They wanna be, they wanna be like P, MD But they can't be Be studyin this for 8 years now I gotta sceene Some MC's come, and seen some MC's go Why they choose the crosover, cause they blind and don't know Big up to all new jacks Follow you first notion Chump niggaz: [Chorus] x4 Back up, boy.....hand motion In the zone trapped off, kid can't hear you Back up, boy.....hand motion Back up, boy.....hand motion Back up, boy.....hand motion Back up, boy.....hand motion Back up, boy.....hand motion The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: PMD Album: Shade Business Song: Steppin' Thru Hardcore Typed by: ML4Tisme@gmail.com * * send corrections to the typist Them niggaz knew that shit before it happened Word 'em up [Chorus] x4 So while you stepin thru...Steppin' thru hardcore --> PMD Kickin that styles for 96 niggaz back to the... --> Das EFX [PMD] I can see clearly now, the rain is gone, word is bond I brainstorm, trippin of flashbacks like Vietman I stay armed Code red mayday, Hit Squad nigga PMD is back oh shit, yeah its pay day Oh yeah Hosey I make rhymes sway and I don't play Or I'm so so Niggaz down with ? Touche hey, ya betta keep ya eye on a birdie Word G thats opsurd see It's far from "baby come back" Like the Be Gees so you can run run But you can't hide or slide Locked in, ain't fire, bullseye You see me close thats more props You fly guy, big super star takes nose dive With no life jacket, pump like swaket Check it out now I kick the habit Bring it to me now It's 94 no backstabin [Chorus] x4 So while you stepin thru...Steppin' thru hardcore --> PMD Kickin that styles for 96 niggaz back to the... --> Das EFX [PMD] So what you sayin, you hear my records playin Funk smellin bad, like a tooth decayin' Bring it to me now Cool Pack tools, truck jewels, niggaz stuck in the pit stop With flex and no view So if you down with the Hit Squad Say Hit Squad and my dick 's hard, I'm charged Tryna walk down the rap yard So bring it on flex, no check, ?might wreck to deep the half step? Tryna step, get souplexed word to Das EFX Of course I'm back to get payed Stickin hard like D-backs and the rappers in the gator raid Yeah punk, settin the tone for the rap game Niggaz claimin fame now that is a damn shame Out the open like the US without tennis I pump rhymes like niggz pump iron and Guiness You get flood I keep my shit raw So while you steppin thru, steppin thru hardcore [Chorus] x4 So while you stepin thru...Steppin' thru hardcore --> PMD Kickin that styles for 96 niggaz back to the... --> Das EFX [PMD] It's the 'ol ill phill, double flow spill Jill OK to mill, to give a read on the rap field Kids must see, yeah so daddy will kill Any pool party'n motherfuckin' Yeah sleep, get your head crushed Hit Squad mad tight kid 94, no bumrushin' Strictly hear to cool out and turn the party's out Hardcore underground Thats what is all about Not with the does, hoes and limos Thats not my ammo My ammo 's a pro Check the demo Kickin that styles for 96 niggaz back to the... --> Das EFX [Chorus] x4 So while you stepin thru...Steppin' thru hardcore --> PMD Kickin that styles for 96 niggaz back to the... --> Das EFX Kickin that styles for 96 niggaz back to the... --> Das EFX The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: PMD Album: Shad Business Song: Respect Mine Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [PMD] Shhh, I hear my people callin me, "Where is he? Where is he where is he?  Where's the PMD?" I'm layin low, strapped with ammo Set for funk mode, ask your man though Who raps rhymes hold it steady - like a pilot in the cockpit Parrish Smith go out - nah that's bullshit on another nigga for tryin to take mines, catch the flatline Comin through time to breathe on the mainline Airtight, no time to stall, you tell me.. "Yo nigga respect mine, or anger the tec-9  CHK-CHK-POW, move from the gate now" -> Raekwon .. "Yo nigga respect mine, or anger the tec-9  CHK-CHK-POW, move from the gate now" -> Raekwon [PMD] Some say the Wu fly, what's a rap star? A nigga who get props and he's clocked like radar Can't fake moves - people lookin at cha twenty-four oh seven - slip and they gat cha Snatch that behind up - clip that ass with handcuffs Jail cell for the niggaz who like to get rough And most niggaz get rough, cause in beef we trust Another man damn kid you smokin angel dust I'm snatchin props, blastin niggaz like RoboCop Catch the speed-knot, tryin to mic block Mic Doc Chill Hobbes - I told you I roll with the Hit Squad Stomp like the Gobots But some niggaz ain't hearin me so I make it clearer see you can't fade the nigga who flips words - like Swayze and Audi 5000, still housin, I'm out an'.. "Yo nigga respect mine, or anger the tec-9  CHK-CHK-POW, move from the gate now" -> Raekwon .. "Yo nigga respect mine, or anger the tec-9  CHK-CHK-POW, move from the gate now" -> Raekwon [PMD] So turn this mic off so I can kick the wicked shit Type of wicked shit, that make niggaz grab clips But hold it chill - cause a jail cell's bullshit Must grab the head - no time to be slippin jack The world done shifted - niggaz can't see that But some do - and they make power moves Playin for life - can't lose, too many dues paid Mayday, in the game everyday tryin to find a better way yet the world keeps slippin So I keep movin not tryin to lose an' big up to all posse plus Crips and crews in every ghetto - keep your shit thorough And if they ask have you seen ? "Hell no" .. "Yo nigga respect mine, or anger the tec-9  CHK-CHK-POW, move from the gate now" -> Raekwon .. "Yo nigga respect mine, or anger the tec-9  CHK-CHK-POW, move from the gate now" -> Raekwon The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: PMD f/ Das EFX Album: Shade Business Song: Here They Cum Typed by: ML4Tisme@gmail.com * * send corrections to the typist Yeah Das EFX Check 1, 2 youI'msayin ? Crazy Drayz in the house Stoup Dub in the house PMD in the house Yo P hit the switch on this... Yo lets take this niggaz downtown [PMD] Yo, OK so its on Time to respond Did a year bath in the crib now the heat is on Rap flowin in slow motion over fort like red dawn Wolverines you get blast to smitherins Caught in the guilotine Niggaz fiend and dream to blow this thing Watch the red beam You know what Hit Squad mean Back on the sceen Far from of the screen like the A-Team [Das EFX] But lift the niggaz from the bottom I got 'em so they cherish So niggaz kill the laughter cause I'm commin after Parish Oh my God it's the Squad Or should I say we Def ? Just let me kick the shit and we will see who's realy Def So nigga check it See I'ma wreck it Cause it's my turn I rock this, I'm obnactious like Howard Stern You better get your clip cause you know this shit is on *Sigh* your style makes me yawn kid I bring it from the sewer, doin ?nigga? then I show it I be the nicest figure for this microphone I know it Cause I'm goin from the liver, flip a nigga if he try it Your head is like a kite and I'ma fuck up ?? Oh dear, guess whos bringin up the rear, yeah Rockin raps that got you wavein like a stockin cat Just three beats I freak treats for my peeps Cruise, keepin shit trunk but save the funk for ya peeps I blows up the spot like "yo who the hell done it?" With more techiques then my DJ 1200's I'm movin with the squad nigga now my banks ?fizzin? And I makes more greens then mom dukes on thanksgivin Check it out [Chorus] x4 --Here they come just like I flip-- --And can't rep with a motherfuckin Hit Squad-- [PMD] Two on the stage, I'm back on a rampage Can realy check for niggaz P cock the 12 gauge Booya, got one Quick to spot one, tryna snatch props and we drivin a Dotsun And wild deep into my music Like Johnny did ??? Watson Our way out there with the Indians Troopin through mountains in mocasins Spititualy, mentaly, thats reality The eagles protected, thinkin PMD MD mad deep, craa sleep while the P creep Easy on the steady now black because the force sleep [Das EFX] Ey yo the badest stick 'em album because it ain't time to meet So niggaz best belive I got more tricks up my sleve I got a lotta games so call me James because I'm ? The nicest motherfucker representin' outta Jersey On the microphone Yo I get on it if I wanna So try to diss my niggaz and I figures never gonna Cause I'm new like that, so watch me flex my talent I tell ya niggaz now I'm not the one you wanna challange Yes yes and you know it I flips like I want it It's the last of the Mochicans, yo speakin' like the poet No, I never belived in Santa Never belived the Hammer Now my soud is so deep from Brownsville to Indiana Re-mar-cable Plus my style is on creep Cause I can stomp 'em, ? and rump a room to spark ya That as is like that till I'm through Nuff off to Brooklyn now I'm Swayze with the cru Check it out [Chorus] x4 --Here they come just like I flip-- --And can't rep with a motherfuckin Hit Squad-- The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: PMD Album: Shad Business Song: Back to the Rap Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [PMD] So let's get it on - like Marvin Gaye; hey is that that nigga, from "You a Customer"? You're fuckin A is for apple, J's for jack black B is for bozack, and N is for the nutsac (What's J for?) The J's for juggle these, please PMD bust rhymes like niggaz bust seeds with zero, that's not the channel I be watchin Niggaz clockin, no time for stoppin so I keep rockin Big up to the hip-hop, be-bop heads bop Non-stop up the block systems knock Girlies jock I'm locked in funk mode Peace to my pops; cause it's 	Back to the rapper makin hands clap 	(Respect hip-hop and the fans black) 	Back to the rapper makin hands clap 	(Respect hip-hop and the fans black) Scandalous; Swiss Miss still funkin shit Uhh - slow down baby, can't handle it The way you're movin your thang, you got it goin on Time to pop the Sean Dom Take a swig of it - yeah drink it like a forty-oh No champagne glasses, that's out the window Push up and get my swerve on, take me there baby Aww shit, PMD's gone (Where you goin P?) Deeper and deeper My mind's gettin stronger, she got me in the sleeper Almost there, relax, just like I figured Strapped down, still on the lookout for the gold digger Blazin figure, sexin like Holly Hoes blunts and puff the ganja like Bob Marley She's hardcore, ride it like an outlaw Workin it, pullin with the lockjaw 	Back to the rapper makin hands clap 	(Respect hip-hop and the fans black) 	Back to the rapper makin hands clap 	(Respect hip-hop and the fans black) I'm in the war zone - far away from home, no microphone Just biters and tombstones on the real holmes It's do or die, no fly guy, don't ask why Rap is outta control, don't bungee jump or hangglide Time to slip (slide) so save the lie Hit Squad won't die, them niggaz multiply On the scene blowin up, sho' nuff Wild haircut, what? Don't give a fuck This is me, peace to EPMD Took a break in nine-three now I'm back see 	Back to the rapper makin hands clap 	(Respect hip-hop and the fans black) 	Back to the rapper makin hands clap 	(Respect hip-hop and the fans black) 	Back to the rapper makin hands clap 	(Respect hip-hop and the fans black) 	Back to the rapper makin hands clap 	(Respect hip-hop and the fans black) HAhhhh! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: PMD f/ Lavell, Roland Harris Album: Shade Business Song: I'll Wait Typed by: cwilli15@twcny.rr.com [PMD] Ah... yeah.. check it, 9-4 (yeah) Turn it up one notch Yeah, this goes out to the brothas in Brooklyn (Crooklyn) All the brothas to the east coast, west coast (word) Sittin in them cars, you know what I'm sayin' (word 'em up) Ready to blow them amps, yeah hit them bass buttons To all the get low posses, you know what I'm sayin' Zone 7 in the house (word 'em up) Word bond Got my man Lavell to the left, my man Roland Harris ridin' shotgun And of course DJ Scratch on the 1 and 2 (yeah) Yo, Lavell, you ready to flip dough in 9-4? Sic 'em, champ [Lavell] I'm snakebitten, spittin' venom infected with the outrageous contagious spreadin', nobody's protected Microphones floatin' freely through zones, crushin' clones So don't disturb me and the Mic Doc, searchin' real domes Push the button, helter skelter, guard your mental Shit's past the point, on the brink not blinkin' is essential Niggaz blast the joint, niggaz blastin' niggaz while I'm blastin Spastically out of electric sockets rarely seen like Hailey's Comet What was that? Bring it back. What was that? Shit was tight, fat All that new vocabulary get the bozack Squad, the Def Squad, your brain is numb Lavell Bass, Roland Harris and Parrish Smith stomp that cranium [Roland Harris] While brothas swingin' they paws often, knowin' who it is, it's teleportic Me, I'm Roland Harris, he's movin past the Lavell staff His only images of a god is, yo, when you see the PMD rolled a massive squad yo if you peter See me no jack joke to jack rope-a-dope, no no no no We got bloody palms suddy, fuckin' already knew that though Crazy is the peels the reals going to ace you over gills The most fucked up shit's about to hit the streets, which is worse, G, Me Oh, they givin' out guns, yo. Gun control bills But they called Big Ro ill, causin' our brothas to sit back and chill Until align the squad G, free the squad in me Fire exquisite looking feature, meager. And if anyone tries to Put out these flames our chairs we throw 'em, pistol smoke, then BLAST At last, you know who to hand the cash, the brotha with the black hoodie Brotha AR fatigued, should he, nigga play post rhyme Time me, 70 worst as we burst out in 84 contact go pussy And we out, G [PMD] I'm sittin' in the crib, wonderin' where a sunset's at (Ha, Ha, Ha...) I'm crosstown in the zone with my hand on the gat Yeah, I got this. That's why they call me Swiss Smith, no bullshit Strictly biz, not havin' it It's too many rap hits for niggaz to be checkin' me, I'm wreckin', see Zone 7 on the track with PMD Up after hours, gunnin' niggaz down at the watchtower Deep like Malcolm, deadly like gun powder Sat back strapped, while brothas try to attack Time to react, 'cause the Hit Squad ain't havin' that {*vocal sample*} Hit Squad in the house, Parrish Smith representin' (Weak ideas irritate my ears) Check check it out, check check it out (Weak ideas irritate my ears) (Is this the best that you can make?) (Weak ideas irritate my ears) [Roland Harris] My niggaz making triple figures and we out to bring terror in all our pictures I'm always lifted when I enter the 7-digit, I'm blistered I grab beats and break bottles and widely stick it I pull out brains and sockets and examine it, frizziness and wickedness Roland Harris' and his device is like a rifle, it's crazy vital (Yoooooooowwwwwww!) [PMD] Back from the darkness, 'bout to spark this microphone Niggaz tryin' to reach me but no one's home I'm not that same nigga that bust that jam, that Gold Digger I'm in the zone, looking at the real picture Strike three, K'in' niggaz like a pro pitcher So take a look at daddy, 'cause I'm representin' From Brentwood, Long Island, Brooklyn to San Quentin Niggaz trippin', bitin' my business formats and techniques like rabies Juggle these, what, nuts, hard to fade, see Nuff respect to Russell Simmons, peace from PMD I'm out like Arsenio, that nigga's swayze [Lavell] I flip for those who lost their mind, must've crossed the line And saw the other side and tried to slap some rastas comin' to find a ride Normals dressed in jackets frontin' like it's warm. It's not It's hot. You'll sizzle internally rot, you stinkin' blood clot These rugged styles I flip a while And if I step into a different schizophrenic ego see those bodies file Body bags fill up, I kill crews and I abuse you Connivers and labbers I stick you with the Phillips screw Driver, why the violence trap, so I snap Hurl and unfurl with violence, fall out like hair on steroids When I'm p-noid, Like PS it's void I'm-a disperse a verse that's planted to bitch 'cause that's the shit that makes my squad hit {*vocal sample*} (Weak ideas irritate my ears) (Weak ideas irritate my ears) (Is this the best that you can make?) (Weak ideas irritate my ears) [PMD] Hit Squad Zone 7 Niggaz stay jeal' Hit Squad Peace Rockafella.. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: PMD/Parrish Smith Album: Shade Business Song: I Saw it Cummin' Typed by: adaro@msn.com Check Check It Out Check it Out Check Check It Out Check it Out PMD's in tha house Check Check It Out Check it Out Hit Squad In the house Check Check It Out Check it Out Word Em' up, Blackzone, Hitsquad Verse 1: Grab ya head nigga, start bobbin it, the underground's bein shook down PMDs robbin it, so crack all gold yeah, and spark the phillie blunts, im chumpin niggaz down  takin minds on a manhunt (po-po kid), dont get caught  up in the gunsmoke, its rap artin season, and im blastin niggaz who show-off, with that pretty-boy R&B rap, back  with a hiphop track, say that, cause thats whack, and  niggaz aint trying to hear that, cant get sidetracked so whats the impact, to get the bozack, and mind yo  beeswax, still in the game with somethin Jane. Chorus-- Went solo on that ass when i feel the fame (I saw it cummin, thats why i went solo)  X5 Verse 2: Whats this? another funky hit from the squad kid? no time for comebacks black, time to run shit, so pass that  microphone, plug it into the soundboard,scratch cuts the  wax, chop it like a chainsaw, so who's callin my name? been doin this since 87' cause this is my thing, can't forget Jane, haircut, like Anita Baker, never seen no one faker, to make the mistake-a, tryin to push up on a brother, who brainstorms, you know i'm physco crazy like that man nor--man bates, wait, excuse me for the (???) that makes me hesitate, no time to translate,gotta go kid, time to motivate, back to the blackzone, cuz theres no thing. Chorus X5 Verse 3: There's somethin with all these corny niggaz, makin  faces, on my TV screen, cant shoot this dude, cause if I do it makes 19, no time for the crime scene, grab my Bozack, and my mic, time to beam, back to the underground hold more beat-downs, drop some ill shit like this, for the niggaz to leave round town HARDCORE, hittin switches in the '6-4, 3 foot motion, or the benz with the 4-door troopin past the local spot, niggaz wanna act up, and niggaz catch the speedknot, trying to promote viloence, but thats the way it is, the code of the ghetto aint got nothin to do with showbiz, remember that, yea, still bustin brains, YEA chorus X4 Hit squad in the house, PMD records in effect 24-hour representin went solo on that ass when i feel the fame Big shot out to KRS-one went solo on that ass when i feel the fame The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: PMD Album: Shad Business Song: Swing Your Own Thing Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [PMD] Word 'em up, check it out PMD's in the house Nine-four, you know the flavor.. Mmm, funk mode Word 'em up So whattup whattup? Yeah it's time to get down You ready to chill, so turn up the sounds Whether it's in your Walkman - or your stereo I hope you hear me though Bobbin that head, jammin to the radio cause they're playin your song The weekend's here, party's on - payday HEY Big up to the DJ's who spinnin the jams Mix shows on Friday - cold kickin It's Saturday's, it's hip-hop Brothers choppin on the one and two Non-stop.. the violence, and gun shootin It's time to unite; no time for losin or takin steps backwards - that's not the way Leave the stress at the office, it'll be there Monday But for now it's your time Time to regroup, get a piece of mind.. .. and disconnect from the madness, called time-out Take it from the PMD on the rap route The golden voice, word biz Live and direct - OOP, there it is, time to.. 	Swing your own thing (word em up) 	Swing your own thing (word) 	Swing your own thing 	Swing your own thing Well guess who? Step aside, it's the Squad crew Airtight, you know the evil that men do Back for more.. in nine-four Format's hardcore, steppin through like Gigantor Who is he? PMD Set for funk mode, it's time to par Oh yeah back in there, throw your hands up in the air Wave em side to side, like you just don't care So fellas yell HOE, and ladies scream out Don't dwell in the past, live for now Back on the prowl, thick eyebrows, style's wild Grab the head, and just.. 	Swing your own thing (word em up)  	Swing your own thing (word) 	Swing your own thing 	Swing your own thing So if you're feelin good - let me hear you say REAL good Whether you washin your car, cruisin through the neighborhood or playin basketball - dunkin on brothers Coolin witcha sis, respectin your mother That's the way it should be - family Not mass hysteria, stress, or poverty Four hundred years, we almost there Just look at the TV, we everywhere Sports lawyers doctors - music Everyone has a brain - it's time to use it So grab that head - prepare for the future Cause that's the only way out Sway; gotta.. 	Swing your own thing (word up)  	Swing your own thing 	Swing your own thing 	Swing your own thing 	Swing your own thing.. 	Swing your own thing.. 	Swing your own thing.. 	Swing, swing, swing, swing 	Swing your own thing.. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: PMD f/ 3rd Eye, Top Quality Album: Shad Business Song: Fake Homeyz Typed by: jostmatt@bluewin.ch [ PMD ] (Yo, nobody invited me to the party?) Word em up (Ya man) Check it out (Comin through) [ VERSE 1: PMD ] Well goddamn, another grand slam from the Zone Black Benz with chrome, no time to phone home Niggas try to push up, get that head flown like frisbee Dick thee, flip the script like Bill Bixby I ain't tryin to hear niggas, that's on the real, c- d is in the store So while you're steppin through, nigga, steppin through hardcore (What) P holds his own on this here microphone You better check your clip for blinds, all them shots, kid, still missed the dome Fakin moves, put down the future of the funk, punk Can't even sample, nigga, claimin to make trunks rump You get jumped, yeah nigga, chill, I know my shit thumps Back from the Boondox wildin, peep the slam dunk Lumps on your headpiece, back in 3-d I let the brothers decide just like sweepee But for now I lay low, act like you know me, homey ( *inhales* ) here's a pull for my fake homeyz [ VERSE 2: Top Quality ] I be the Op-T Lity-Qua, the one you leaped You gotta see the tricky techniques, creep but don't sleep Got the chunky dunky styles I like to drop Makes heads bop across mad blocks because I got That shit that knock, a-shippity-bop-bop the spot, still hot Ooh-ah-ooh-ah, no need to cock-block, equipped with no glocks I rather wreck you with my decker  And damage ya, I'm no janitor but I swept ya I kept a record of the things you messed up Niggas thought that he musta rushed  Cause I touched these ducks fuckin with yuk So if you do not know by now you never knew I'm straight like 0852 I welcome you but you still refuse to swing your dukes You gotta do what you do Get the boot if you can't troop for shit We're gettin still get a lick with a bit  I won't switch cause P is not havin it I catch you when the sun goes down on the night tip I'm standin with my mic grip  Hardcore rugged, walkin down the aisles, make you buckwild Go check my files, you know my style Here's a pull for my fake homeyz [ VERSE 3: 3rd Eye ] On the strenght, on the strenght 3rd Eye comin through.. Yeeeahhh, now let me kick a verse, gee I'm thirsty, Lord have mercy on those who curse me Peek-a-boo! thought I couldn't see through that gas up Quick, I flicked a Bic and burned that wicked ass up Who sent me, tempt me, gee, I flow till my dome's empty Test me, baggin brothers up like ???, yes gee Bring it on, we play for keeps, creep Can't read my mind, I got the antidote sleep, peep it And I get funky ???? like a junkie I'm dope When I quote shit I wrote I go for broke no joke  I choke rappers like a toke of smoke Ooh, pass the buddah brick I need to take a hit I think I wanna flare (is that right?) Who want a bite, just to kiss that ass goodnight Cause word is bond we gon' fight It's from the heart, brothers getting papers, they ain't paid no dues I got some bad news, here comes the Hit Squad And my shit's hard and it gets harder than that Even ???? my shit's fat start believin that You ain't even that fly enough to try and bluff 3rd Eye's rough enough to make you wanna bust that rough stuff So here's a puff for my fake homeyz ( *inhales* ) you don't know me [ DJ Scratch scratches ] [ 3rd Eye ] Here's a puff for my fake homeyz You don't know me Here's a puff for my fake homeyz Fuck all the backstabbers [ PMD ] Hit Squad is in the house, kid [ 3rd Eye ] 3rd Eye, 3rd Eye [ PMD ] Yeah kid Shit is on The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: PMD Album: Shade Business Song: Back Up or Get Smacked Up Typed by: ML4Tisme@gmail.com * * send corrections to the typist Code red, code red [PMD] Word 'em up Check it out Aiight, niggaz wanna check me Bring it on So turn up the sounds and let the amps crank Who gives a motherfuck what the next men think Don't blink or watch a mad crew sink Or your bitch vink Yeah so stop 'em like the Gobot Just don't let you know hops Or tryna traffic through my mind kid My shit is top notch Hop the rollers cop the Swatch watch Get back to the Boondox For a quick sec the camuflage Sound crazy, foul and bizzare I said to say shit, puffin blunts in my Lamborghini ?? ? to let you know The damage will ruin your career to Be fuckin around with slow pros [Chorus] x4 --..so back up or get smacked up-- --act up, ya punk niggaz.....-- [PMD] It's like back to the ol ill b-boy shit Plug the microphone in a house party black, and drop ill shit Cause your style is the free style Kinda buckwild style, you dropin the buck in the p-nile I couldn't come slopy poppy Brotha tryna mop P To get prop, you get droped G So back up or get smacked up [Chorus] x3 --act up, ya punk niggaz.....-- --back up or get smacked up-- --act up, ya punk niggaz.....-- [PMD] Niggaz that call me still can't see me Had the flicker the groud to shut 'em down on the rap sceene Got Swazye gone Couldn't get this channel at the dick Close call it the head trick, now I'm packin nine clip To ease the conflict S??? slip, thats nonsense Bust the drum kick squab in 94 another rap hit So look around nigga its sicker then quick sand No time to get gun jammed, damn you simply don't slam Sleapin on the sandman Walk up in a yolk joke, getting grilled for the funk smoke Now you ask pro fuckin with slow flow So back up or get smacked up [Chorus] x3 --act up, ya punk niggaz.....-- --back up or get smacked up-- --act up, ya punk niggaz.....-- *fade* The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: PMD Album: Shade Business Song: Thought I Lost My Spot Typed by: ML4Tisme@gmail.com * * send corrections to the typist [Intro] Yeah Since we up in this peace, yaknowI'msayin? Representin PMD Get on and let this niggaz know what time is, youknowI'msayin ?? It's a lotta niggaz outhere frontin But you know we ain't havin it So yo we gon see niggaz like this Yo step up and represent like this nigga [PMD] Time to let the nuts hang Keep the sacks full No bull, mad pull Shitin constantly like seaguls Boom bang no thang to make this microphone swang Funky B-boy from Fretwood Long Island and I don't sing Parrish Smith is in the house stompin niggaz out No doubt, mad clout on a rap route W'dap troop ? Damn G, what you talkin 'bout ? Time..to drop rhymes while suckas drop dimes Black Einstein say good night kid it's bed time 1990 caught you sleepin I'm snatchin props while niggaz snatch bags with trick or treat Brothas huffin' and puffin' and sayin nothing When P talks it's like ?? fartin Commin right back at cha like a scud Niggaz droppin duds, not down with stud Two chefs plus a rowdy with a grudge Word to the mockbird and the green herb Some nerve the brother swingin at the cured ball Wanna screem yes yes y'all You better check your style 'for shits get recalled [Chorus] *spoken over a sample* [PMD] Yes I'm back again Concentraitin like Nancy Carigan Can promote the ?land? far from stranded like Gilligan ? I'm dangerous crush some bones Sittin in the park and lovely Goin deep for the end zone Beware, peep the air raid Niggaz ?? the pen now I'm bout to blow up Like a hand grenade No ?? or chunk Benz with the 4 door And I can fuck arround nigga, my shit is hardcore (backup boy) So bust the microphone skills and say the chief will Local neighborhood rapper still on my dizznil Tryna skam me, damn G back up off me Softy And check your pocket kid, its empty So don't tempt P While you getting Pepsis Copyin niggaz styles ??? the whole shit G Not with the Skam [Chorus] *spoken over a sample* [PMD] It's a ill rain who squad 's back to get paid Back up Snap a flick, throw my grill on the front page Don't ask no questions, you know whats on screwed up I'm quick with the 3d Eye, X marks the intruder The pitch ? Going going go In New York they say that shits phat Detroit and South call Some call it O.E. Others Ol Gold Can't fold Flip Mode New York is in the house I'm out slow flow [Chorus] *spoken over a sample* The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Erick Sermon Album: Double or Nothing Song: Bomdigi Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Intro: I'll just sway... This's the way it goes down  Def Squad Nine-pound Check this here Verse One: The E gets wicked, no need for the biscuit The green-eyed funkdafied brother coming wicked I sets the party off just like Tanqueray The Funk Lord, nobody else could swing this way I put the loc to the motion, drop the funk coast to coast and I Buck like Shot, cuz I know I Got Cha Opin Check the soup, I Dogg the mic like Snoop I get swift like H-Town, when I Knock Da Boots (daaat's right) I'm dynamite with this mic I Show like Doug E. and I rock the mic lovely The afrodesiac, bringin the do-wah-diddy to your city, on the Zapp side with the vibe I'm Stone Cold like Bobby and Ralph T I come with the Game of Death, without Bruce Lee The irregular speakin, for those MC's who be tweakin Catch me at the Beacon just freakin Chorus: Brothers can't see me        \ Cuz my style's the bom-digi-bom-uh-dang-a-dang-digi / repeat 2X ... Brothers can't see me Verse Two: It goes one for the trouble, two for the show Aiyyo, I'm gettin airplay like The Most Beautiful I'm the mack, I made Goldy turn chrome When I induce my styles upon the microphone (yeah) I goes down for y'all in broad daylight Weeded, rockin the mic like ta-dow and psych Today is a Green Day, so it's blazin to specify it, I get big-up from Jamaicans Hey, the E-R-I-C-K gets down for the public More doper than Janet Jackson's stomach Ask anybody, who's the dopest producer? I think of cruise, I'm never too much like I'm Luther My style is the craziest No crew is fadin us You got beef with my squad you better dare that The shit I kick make rappers say, "I shoulda snared that" Chorus Verse Three: Complete this puzzle, what Squad beat up like Russell Simmons And more flyer than Robin Givens Cosmic Slop, from the darkside Basically, I Can't Wait, songs from the Redman tape (and make much sense when he's kickin fool) cause I constantly keep shitting and y'all constantly keep listening Yeah, who can it be now, watch out Flying through the air with wings E Double doing my thing Chorus The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Erick Sermon f/ Redman Album: Double or Nothing Song: Freak Out Typed by: nelly@itis.com Intro:Ha ha ha ha. This is Doctor Trevis, giving a phone call to y'all funky fuckers Erick Sermon: Y'alll guess what the fuck is going on now Me and Reggie Noble, making funk tunes around the global Cause times keeps on slippin', and I get the funk from the kitchen Then commits to ass whippin', there is no time for me to bust it So I'm a chill and let Red get into a fly poetic justice Redman: Yo, it's all in the mind and I'm high and I kick it for the do or die On 2 or 1 area code leavin' shit blown Funkadelic is the one to bring the preacher out the teacher When I feak 'em, oooh, yes y'all I got the mad method can you catch it? And if your ear is not tuned in then ajust it Erick Sermon: Breaker 1-9, breaker 1-9 representin' today Hey, Erick Sermons on the way Dre gave me a ride so I Gangsta Lean while DRS will put the smoke in my chest And if you understand me then escape and kick it While the E-Double gets wicked wiht your brain twisted It's going down, it's going way down Go get the 4 pound and boogie down Redman: Boogie woogie to boogie to band boogie to that My rap get mad dap on ass cracks and F it be on my ass cap Cause my funk rolls thicker than Bisquick If it's mixed with that same funky sticky shit I roll my splifs with I shot the sheriff on the terris And I kick the funk like these to have more off days than Ferris Just wrote these raps up in the studio Brothers can't tell and sisters can't hear me no (hear me hoe) Hook: E got the funk, Red got the funk, Red got the funk, E got the funk (x2) Erick Sermon: Someones knockin' at my door, yo Johnny Gill, I need the whole floor So I can get busy remember? And if you don't call Michael Jackson And don' be afraid to ask him, Erick Sermon got mad tunes No matter what they say, I got more props than Richard Bay The mind bogglin' with the hardcore followin'  So what's up, cause I don't give a fuck Redman: Whoa, I make you sing with Tony Braxton I tear the shreads out of jams like stadiums when they packed in Back up boy you messin' with the rude bwoy yes I told ya I rock leather jacks with Tims, sweatpants one leg rolled up Hold up! This is a stick up, I spark the izm with ? like a bizcut 1 and 2 skirts get lift up, E got the funk and Red got the funk Pop the trunk, I get blocks of funk to make victims say "That's the one!" Of coarse I'm funky like fat people having intercorse Basically the funk is stuck in your teeth so get the dental floss Oh oh, freak out, 20 I know But let me knock your teeth out When I was young I turned my tree house into a weed house And I'm deeper than Nostradomis, when I'm in chronic And I leave your kitty cats meowin' home made bondage (meow) Beeotch, trick, trick, beeotch Outro: Ha ha ha. This is Dr. Trevis comin' to y'all motherfuckers with some more raw shit. Def Squad represntitives. Def Squad forever, signin' off. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Erick Sermon Album: Double or Nothing Song: In the Heat Typed by: Dopeskill@gmail.com Who walks the street with no reaction? It's the dude [Verse 1] The doorbell rings, it's my man, Ooh Wop, hyped About something that happened last night (yo what's up?) Yo, I'm the mix at the tunnel at the bar Playing big bully with the other superstars I might stout, ray bans, I got them going, dummies I got the Moe laid back, low key Now next to me, yo, I hear a bitch speaking I hear her say your name, so I start tweaking I'm eavesdropping, plus I got my head bopping I'm on point, cause I be getting in with the joint I hear this nigga talking, "I know that big black motherfucker He know me too, he's a sucker, bitch" I glanced over to see his grill (oh no) I recognized him plus his ho I chilled, checked my watch, it's 3:15, the club is almost over Without the keys to the Range Rover Tapped my man upon his shoulder I said "yo, we splittin", he saw I wan't bullshitting [hook] In the heat of the moment Things get hot [x4] [Verse 2] Club's letting out soon, I see them coming Him and his girl dolo, I move up slow They walk towards a black Yucon, alarm hits on[??] Before he gets in, I'm up by his chin I asked him a question, "you know my man E?" "Hell, who the fuck are you?", I smacked him with the 32 Just because he raised his tone, to impress the girl I rocked his fucking world As I'm looking, I remember you had beef a long time ago In Georgia, at the club Soho I left a message, "next time I'm pistol whipping you And stripping you, to the ground butt naked" Hit the deck and feel the blast of the uop invasion Coming from the scorching hot desert I'm blazing, grazing, so amazing, flaming Clowns get vamped from the Hell I'm raising Torment and torture, the enforcer I'll extort you, claim that ass, your mine, I just bought you Cha-Ching! That will be $12.50, thank you... Biatches! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Sermon, Erick f/ Keith Murray and Rosalyn Album: Double or Nothing Song: Tell Em Typed by: nelly@itis.com Intro: You abou to come through right. (Yeah don't stress it.) You about to come through. (I got this check this out man.) You ain't gonna front on me (I ain't gonna front on niggas man.) Make sure man I'm tellin' you right now. (Check this out. What I'm about to do right now.) You gonna kick it word up. Ha Erick Sermon: Personal ggats I gots about 11, without weapons I swing more bats than K7 Plus, I'm soup like Campbell without heaven Some rappers pack great big guns like Frank Drebbin In this century I uphold the crown, for bringin' Flavor In Ya Ear Plus I'm Gettin' Down, I manuver techniques for species of all kinds The third, yours and mine, introduction is in full effect I come with the mothership and some other shit Yeah all the way live like a concert The most respected brother, puttin' in some work Hook: Yeah if you got a crew you better tell em.  E kicks rhymes from the cerebellum. Don't slip or you won't be around next year "Well heres a little something that needs to be heard." - Slick Rick Rosalyn: Check the poetry in motion, from this bom bazi smokin' Bitch that get you open, it's mess if you tangle with my tresses Cause I posses gifts that's wickeder than Hexas That explode on the scene be all means, I be flushing MC's like queens And none of y'all can see me, got more boom bom than Manzini Your style is strickly primi, and I stomp with the big dogs Off the wall with a crew that rough enough to Rush Limbaugh We stay, strapped, part of Packed Pistol Posse I represent through mind soul and body In any form I'm doin' work over beat breaks Now even cheap skates is peepin' my tape release date Word born, I'm comin' in like a swarm Then I'm gone before you can ring the alarm Hook Keith Murray: A-yo catch this word bubonic plaque, in your head back chest arms and legs When I'm coming through grab your cranium for ultimatum Punk I faze them subterranium, my subliminals mix with criminal chemicals Got more milk than sylabals then alphabet cereal Place your bet and your whole entourage will get wet That's a promise cause the squad don't make threats I'm a, graceful poet with some distic ballistics, above and beyond all that other bullshit Linguistics will bless a anticeptive, nerve wreckin', conceptive or consistant contestant  My deviant delieverance be leavin' MC's in the state of malmet depressive (word up) Damaging your medulla, cerebrum and cerebellum, you got a crew you better tell em The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Erick Sermon Album: Double or Nothing Song: Boy Meets World Typed by: nelly@itis.com Intro: "I want to know of you, I want to know of you" Xross Breeds in the house representin' Queens. I'm gonna send this out to um, those fake so-called keepin' it real, ha ha, check it out Verse 1: I gets the urge to let loose on shit, bringin' the vibe like Phife Dog and Q-TIp Midnight black darkness, it's the area or place thats destincive enought to trace The bass, my tune throughout the room, and if you want it, it's here to consume Now let's warm things up for instance a witness, as I break it down up in this sentence He, who shall not follow the funk shall fall, on they face Not able to dip di in the place, my style is vintage, doper than any wine on the market Mics I spark it, flying tracks is my target, (def squad) I handles my situation Without Lyrics form Jason's, I still get's ill, beeotch Even from the jealosy I recieve, you can't hold me back I won't retreat I'm determined to be the nicest creation since devices Or Italian ices, no matter what the problem is, I still, ah 1-2, in your face like I'm Biz Hook: Boy meets world "I want to know of you, I want to know of you." I wanna know if you feel me though (X8) Verse 2: I believe in the power of the conscience mind And if you think something then it becomes something like If I had to battle a whole crew, if I couldn't beat them Then my conscience would defeat them, yeah I wouldn't put my career in jeopardy, but I will let something off if these people keep stressing me This is madness, I wish I was around when that midnight train to Georgia picked up Gladis Listen close life is just what you make of it, if you wanna Be Happy like Mary J. Then hey, then get rid of negativity in your circumference Or outside your realm in mass abundance  Knowing that the industry is fulling up with drama got some hype (fakness from people of all types) Even the so-called keepin' it real type stars are frauds, get the sword Outro: And the question is asked. Who is the fake nigga? Who is the fake brother that is always fuckin' up your shit. You wanna know how a niggas fake? Check it out. Sit back and you focus your shit from a general perspective, and if your shit ain't lookin' tight, there's a fake nigga in your circumference. And that's word is born. For the 9-5 area, cause Def Squad forever, reigning much terror. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Erick Sermon Album: Double or Nothing Song: Welcome Typed by: dopeskill@gmail.com [Unidentified Singer] - Yeeeah yeah [Erick Sermon] - Yeah yeah, word up, uh [Singer] - Erick Sermon and Keith Murray [Sermon] - Representing that.. [Singer] - Kickin' it to the beat [Sermon] - New York, word up [Singer] - E! E! E! [Erick Sermon, Verse 1] Respect my views on this day and era Keep your eyes upon me, and not the sparrow of berettas I'm fly, than any bird on this earth For what it be, my style is butter like Worth I freak the beat like I'm lost in the twilight a zone with no phone, looking over parasites I pack the house like Woodstock when I rock A three day event of me dropping the illest shit From here to New Jerz, back to Brooklyn and Queens To Uptown to Bronx River, I still deliver The off the wall for y'all Rearranged cameo-type strange pumping through your veins What your mommy do, if you're not ready to die like Biggie I'ma keep jamming like Ziggy I got the arrows wiped down like Funkmaster Flex Sway and Tech, and Premier, and we in here [hook] [Keith Murray] It's on like that! And everybody's welcome! [Singer] You are welcome [x4] [Erick Sermon, Verse 2] Now, it's on like that once again, it's getting hot Now it's time to blow up the spot For my niggaz out there on the block getting money Playas whose hustling, doing their thing But me, I've lounged without the stone Do it for my peeps, take it to the streets All day, everyday, I sets the mood (?) Pile a bell of "Aye" (?), with new attitudes I change not for the words, but for the better And be a trend-setter, and bring the best ever Yeah, teach me for the president So I can bring the vibes through your residence (E Double!) The ghetto blast, the green eyed rapper slash producer And O.J. with the juice, uh! Y'all know me, it's the E-R-I-C-K So enjoy the day, and peace to Marvin Gaye [hook] [Verse 3] Let's groove back and forth like Aaliyah If you ain't got the vibe, then I wouldn't want to be ya I threw it like a rap attack from New York to Hackensack Kiss myself and jump back, surprise like a Crackerjack The eye can bring the smiles without Shanice And make enemies call truce, or even peace Funk Lord fights back again without the Force of Luke Sky, Chewbacca, R2D2 and the crew The miracle worker (God praise him, praise him!) All of them ready for the funk, you feel like you want like (blaaah!) Whatever you requested, and you suggested that I bring the pain like Method It's nothing nice, cause I'm down for whatever Me and my beretta, me and my beretta Goddammit, don't leave your dog stranded Who? Yeah, the Green Eyed Bandit [hook repeats until the end] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Erick Sermon Album: Double or Nothing Song: Set it Off Typed by: nelly@itis.com Intro: This goes out to my peoples in Queens. Representing, Brooklyn, Uptown. Yeah, yeah Boogie Down Bronx, Staten Island, all the way to New Jersy. Tri State Area. Long Island Verse 1: Ha ha, welcome radio land and others, my underground brothers is mad deep like gutters I bring it no matter what the situation, underwater, through fire Across barded wire, what? I'm quick to Change Faces without R. Kelly When you step on me you best be ready. I heats it up like house kitchen When I'm bitchin' with this redition, chill or you might catch an ass whippin' There's something wrong ha, I can't go on, and commence Tear the frame out an MC's ass with the quickness, no forgiveness This is the way E does buisness, one touch and I'll weaken the average came to be rap star By far by far, my entourage is Sugar Hill like Wesly Snipes Def Squad is the main attraction for y'all everynight Hook: "I came through the door" - Rakim And I set it off (X4) Verse 2: Dun da da, the E Double brings it full steam Eyes are green, yeah, taken sucker niggas for they cream I rock the mic, alright, with intentions to please and decapitate all gimmick MC's Yeah, I come action packed like a flick, and dismantle those duck MC's that can't handle My sound goes through my musical speakers, beeotch, and flash a symbol like the Grym Reaper To signify, gamma ray I display on wax is ridiculous, way out likt the crew on Star Trek Yeah, I keep my style Black like Panthers, with women more fat than Samathas Damn, this don't make no F in' sense, for me to be on top bigger than monuments A star ghost super nova turns into a black hole  That got put into your soul Hook (x4) Verse 3: For those that envy me and say I ain't about nothing and everthing you see my names on something Flawless, outlandish, unique complete, off the wall technique I develop without speech (woah) On bended knee I could damage an MC, thourgholy Yeah, yeah take him for his currency, remarkable, the black Superman in the sky Flying through the air with green eyes Hook (x4) Keith Murray talking outro: Yeah, yeah yeah, watch your back black. Don't even step up, word is born. L.O.D. is in here too you know what I'm sayin'? Def Squad for life, PPP taking it everywhere, midwest, mideast, southwest, southwest, north, south, east, west, northwest, northwest, south, north, south, everywhere I sets it off. You know what I'm saying? Paintin the boards, rippin' the mic, rippin' niggas anything you like word up set it of E D. Keith Murray in this piece. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Erick Sermon Album: Double or Nothing Song: Focus Typed by: dopeskill@gmail.com [talking] Y'all better free your minds and wake up... [beat starts] Yeah Focus Yeah... Yeah... Check this here [Verse 1] Comin' through, comin' through, like taxi cabs in rush hour From uptown to the Twin Towers Makin' a statement, once again, with no replacement Erick Sermon comin' from the basement I leave you blown away like Jeff Bridges Mind boggling, cuttin' through ya brain like a pair of scizzors When you see me at a show, don't bother grabbin' this microphone I'm terra-fabulous with out it, holmes Spritually, I'm like the holy ghost I bring joy, to the average girl and boy Def Squad, we got more faith than dick-ruckers I feel sorry for any crew out there tryin to fuck us I blind MCs, like Ray Charles while I'm drinking Pepsi Which will kill(?), so don't test me The super supreme, mackadose, ya host Erick Sermon, representin for my coast [Chorus: repeat 2X] Just because you made a hit record don't make you a star in one year let's get things clear [sampled voice] Free your minds! [4X] [Verse 2] I rock the mic, safe and sound, like DJ Quik In the mix, without packin' a M6 Bein up on the scene, eyes are green, no bullshit Niggas sayin' they pull shit, but won't pull dick Fake hardcore MCs with fake hardcore crews one in the same Practicin' brand new gun names And new swing, they sound more street They gain more peeps so they won't let the (?) Only west coast was kickin' that shootin' cops Fuck that bitch shit, now we all on they dick I represent The Bridge is Over, Eric B. for President Gettin' Raw, Rockin' Bells, and Raising Hell I ain't knockin' those out there keepin' it real with the steel Yall know the deal But if you ain't shot nobody, don't claim to be a John Gotti Remember the days of La-Di-Da-Di [Verse 3] I been shootin' nine-mils, 45's since '89, Black In the big payback (yeah) I struck crazy jewels I got robbed one time, yeah you sucka But now the kid is gone, motha fucka I had beef with one nigga after me and my group had broke up At least from jail, and I woke up So don't think I was a shook one, or scared I laugh, I wanted to catch a charge for yo' black ass I coulda commenced to beatin' you down in front of your bitch, but I didn't care That year, I was a millionaire (yeah) Don't try to play me, cause I got two million plaques on my walls And you don't have the balls (yeah) My squad is Def, and we don't hear nothin' No time for frontin', tell me when you want somethin' I jam like NBA, the E-R-I-C-K is the NUH! Comin' with the HOOH! [Talking] Yeah, just because you made a hit record don't make you stars Know what I'm sayin? Words up [beat fades out] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Sermon, Erick f/ Redman, Passion Album: Double or Nothing Song: Move On Typed by: nelly@itis.com Intro: (laughing) Yeah, coming to you like, yeah, you know another one of those, flavorishis, mackadoshis, sour cream and onion type flavor. Redman: I rule the world like Kurtis Blow with my afro blown I'm torn out the frame, drunk style stagger like Ned the Wino For black albino, I'm like suicide on vinyle The type of antidope shit you have to keep away from my nose And I'm the, bombest rhymer, check my steez My vocals are like vaginas, wet an MC's when they open My identities, blows facilities to ememies please test these abilities I'm rugged, I pack a 24 studded, karrot automatic, 45 nigga slugger So ring thee alarm, when your TV is on, I react freakin' to songs When bitches see me perform, bitches say I strickly brake vertibraes Bones back, chinky eyed like Japs I blow states off the map Just by eye contact Hook: Don't get it twisted and if you do, you best to move on move on "Rock, rock on" - Redman (x4) Erick Sermon: Yeah, I shut down things for the moment, what?  Paying my does for them fake ass crews (yeah) Who be claimin' to be the shit y'all stop Gimmicks, hard core lyrics for an image I'm stompin' 'em the beast wompin' 'em Brain damage is caused, girls drop they drawers to the ground I be's the Effect like Wrecks, rhyme skills be shooting off like two black techs Somebody stop me I'm smoking like Mask Shut your mouth, he's a bad, uh, like Shaft The E-Double bring the dopest material, way out cosmic type Alcoholic whisky type funk for your sissys (word up) Huh, I take it to the streets, if you can't run up on my turf then get some cleats I let one nigga slide in 93, but this year, he's fuckin' history Hook (X4) Passion: Strick nine rules the mind on the verge of destruction Blood starts to boil like a lyrical combustion, eruption Insane no pressure no pain, niggas falling off it's strain to maintain They be killing me, trying to preach to me, teach to me I got a PHD in funkology You got your bachelors and your masters in the field of dramatics The lyrical are bringing the static from the attic, so cock your automatics I've had it up to here, you niggas are in danger You better stand clear, no hugs no love and kiss mainstream America They just ain't ready for this, cause I'm nice as shit Niggas be having fits, the Squad of Def be smacking hits after hits And what's goin' on in your mind I can feel it Tremors in the body has caused for the healin' Hook (x4) Outro: You know what I'm sayin'? Things is hot in the tunnel out in here you know what I'm sayin'? Ah, N-Y-C streets is love, it's hot in the summer, um, spring, winter and fall things are just lovely, sweet & sour sauce. Doin' this y'all feel this. I feel you. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Sermon, Erick Album: Double or Nothing Song: Do Your Thing Typed by: nelly@itis.com Intro: Check it one two (it's a party), coming to you live it's Erick Sermon (Def Squad) Keith Murray, Redman. The new type of roll models, oregano, cinnamon, all flavors check it out y'all, my nigga Tone stay up. D-Mack word up. Verse 1: Me and my crew in the Benz for a deek, while other peeps trailing me in the black jeep Creepin', on our way to a House Party, with no Kid 'N' Play just a fly DJ I't on and poppin' and we gettin' RIGHT, everythings TIGHT Everyone has a light, I pull up in the place to be, immediatly swarmed And all of us is armed, it's cool like that type of scene, crazy blunt ashes Girls shaking asses, money makers, video rumpshakes  And niggas with game fast breakin' just like the Lakers It's all good if your game is tight, and if you know the scoop don't love 'em like Snoop Yeah, the reason why, the girls out there get biz, run like a bunch of wild kids Hook: I'm doin' my thing if you feel me do your thing (Do your thang do your thang) (X4) Verse 2: Now the scene is set and now I'm hype I'm seeing what girls is coming home with me tonight I spot one on the sofa, sippin' juice, with three other girls, sportin' pin curls I said to myself "Excuse yourself E", so I went over and put my hand out like Billy Dee Excuse her from the two girls she was with, Macked her put the Flava In her Ear and split To the side to the other vibe, where it looked live, protected cause my man had the 4-5 My boy looked up, asked me if he was hooked up I said she was shook up, she threw my phone book up  She gave me every phone number that she knew, a girlfriend for you, a girlfriend for you (word up) I stay real, I never perpetrate, cause now adays, falling in love never pays I'm quick to say fuck a hoe (yeah) y'all niggas know, I'm strickly for the doe Word to God, this is the way that Def Squad swing, it's not just a one day fling I represent my style for my peeps, take it to the streets, where we play for keeps Have a drink conversate, and pump up your fists and do it like this  Hook (X6) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Sermon, Erick Album: Double or Nothing Song: Man Above Typed by: nelly@itis.com Intro: All this way, I'm doing my thang (x2) Verse 1: Guess who? The realist flavors like mystic Coming through with drama, question my karma E-Double mack supreme, um I got cha, I'm in my land crusier pumpin' Junior M.A.F.I.A. I'm freshly dipped and I'm ready for the night, I'm doin' the boom bang boogie band for my niggas No gold diggers, it might resort to triggers But a few tricks that's down for the cause, breakin' all laws, and takin' off they drawers Cristle flowin', Moet flowin', Don P flowin', y'all not knowin' Huh, it's on like that and everybody's welcome So react, bitch no diggity, Ain't No Future In my Frontin', just ask MC Breed Yo Jazzy bring the leaves Hook: I got freaks in the living room gettin' it on and they ain't leavin' till six in the morining  Yeah, cause I'm the man above and if you're going down, um I got 'em (x2) Verse 2: Lookin' at my Roley it's about that time, a quarter past 9 I'm lookin' through my blind, cars start rollin' up It's my niggas and my cousin Jah-Boogie with the goodies And behind his ass some girls in a Wrangler Gettin' out doin' it, I'm watchin' them persuein' it Huh, they all come in, I give my niggas a pound Just chill while I start the sound, now the vibe is on like butter on popcorn (say what?) So we gonna do it all night long, 3 hours past by, I'm off the hook There's girls everywhere, I swear, I swear Smoke in the atmosphere, indo on the window Check out this light ?, on this here single, ha ha ha I freaks the funk for my people, y'all know the sequal, technique is mad lethal Hook (x2) Verse 3: Uh, It's all good I suppose, I'm still feakin' hoes I'm still freakin' flows, I'm Boombastic, Shaggy My pants stay bagggy, Karl Kani down, so how's that sound? Hey, I'm the best thing since AC, I'm gettin' money and the sex is free Realize recognize I be the green eyed bendit in flesh, and y'all know the rest Hook (x4) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Sermon, Erick f/ Keith Murray, Redman Album: Double or Nothing Song: Open Fire Typed by: mag464@lulu.acns.nwu.edu Whoop Whoop(8x) [Redman] Funky dilemmas, destroy mc's by process of elimanation Ghetto linger breaks your inner, mind body  Got me sold like Hurachis, funk tracks up the ass  make peace wit knock-knees, the funk dwella in your cella no one's betta, pull more Playboy bitches than Hugh Heffner I phase you wit my nasal style I'm able To rock two turntables for oh say like sweet sable Now who's on the deal I'll make you feel the real I kill at will wit nine shots in your window sill  Or mill, to feel a gust of wind, I must've been worn Wit ten of my dusted friends I, I get up in you like Keith Murray Make your whole crew shit stew beef curry in a hurry Make competition leave early smokin the lala Blazay Blah come through your block and open fire (Redman's in the area Keith Murray's in the area Erick Sermon's in the area) [Erick Sermon] You best believe Is this mic on word up I swarm like helicopters, after robbers, at fiends gettin dollars The lyrical Street Fighter call me Sagat Blazin hot like the bullet from somebody gettin shot Where ther's a drum there's a beat And where there's guns there's the streets This option allows me to make my opponents wit degrees From here to overseas, clowns in my mix and don't know the flava Its the same reason why I threw away my Skypager Magnificent, givin rappers death certificates Wit fly intricate flows by the lows Y'all come out the hype description of this One time Billboard winner, six time Gold record list No one invited me so I crashed and brung the vibe And broke it out like a rash, who? So who do I be? The E, the D-O-U-B the L, to the E Get your blunt leafs and fire it up Get your ZigZags and fire it up Whhhoooo! MC's you betta stand clear, Def Squad is a world premier [Keith Murray] AAAhhhhhh! Word is bond I collect your con getcha gone like a moron I break your little itty bitty styles down to ions My rap style has many many mixtures of murderous poetry And deadly lectures and fixtures, matter fact my rap Sounds be on sickly timin, meaning your brain can't be defined In the words I be using when I be rhymin Now you can change your whole word back and forth And bring the roughest rapper and I bet you blood he'd cough My rap style is like my lifestyle, rougher than turbulence Ever since I commenced to subject you to my bullshit I compress your chest and perform open-heart surgery And God forbid I outrageous people see the L.O.D. I love beatin you in the head with this Make you wanna run off and go get a psycho-therapist-analist Way nicer than the force intended The nicest rapper that ever came out since you could remember Def Squad The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: PMD Album: Business is Business Song: Business is Business Typed by: jostmatt@bluewin.ch [ 8-Off ] ...niggas was rhymin, man, at this fashion show shit Knaw I mean, some R&B niggas [ PMD ] What happened to the beats and rhymes? [ 8-Off ] Word up, son Knaw I mean? [ following excerpts from _Scarface_ ] [ Frank Lopez ] "You're makin moves on your own, huh?"  [ Tony Montana ]  "I got ears, you know? I hear things. You know?" [ Frank Lopez ] "What do you hear about [Name] or the Diaz brothers? What about them?  What about Gaspar Gomez? What is he gonna do when you start movin 2000 ki's..." [ Tony Montana ] "Fuck Gaspar Gomez and fuck the fuckin Diaz brothers! Fuck em all! I bury those cockaroaches!" "What they ever do for us?" [ CHORUS: 8-Off ] Don't kick jokes, cause this ain't the right time Disrespect, you regret it for your lifetime Fuckin with Pee, only thing you got to do is shine Get yours, kid, just chill, cause I'ma get mine [ Tony Montana ] "Look Frank, time has come We gotta expand The whole operation..." [ PMD ] Yo, business is business Follow the whiz kid Flip the rap, get the fat crib Duck or get blasted by the Squad Mig I'm not your nig, clockin 7 digit figs, you dig? I want that ass, then my crew got dibs with the lids Accurate rhymin type this is You know what this is, I'm strictly biz while you ??? Tryin to mic-block the Mic-Doc, the Funk Zyklop What you want, dun? This is my spot Change what lock? Aiyo, you bound to catch a speed knot Runnin with the dreadlock predators (Das EFX) real hip-hop Caught in the death block, so what up, ack? Beamin down, star-trekin niggas like Dr. Spock [ Tony Montana ] "Let's get this straight now: I never fucked anybody over in my life didn't have it comin to. You got that? All I have in this world is my balls and my word. And I don't break em for nobody. Do you understand? That piece of shit up there, I never liked him, I never trusted him. For all I know he had me set up, And had my friend Angel Fernandez killed. But that's history. I'm here, he's not. You wanna go out with me, you say it then. You don't, then you make a move." [ CHORUS ] [ PMD ] The human generator, MC slash eliminator Irritator, PMD kicks the rhyme data Blowin up Boondox Records, so check it Respected, paid mad dues, now watch me wreck shit So peep this out, paw, rugged and raw Didn't see what you thought you saw Now you're gettin floored Like the pedal to the metal  I'm hot like a tea kettle PMD wins the gold medal No time to lamp, crack a forty, get amped Cause niggas wanna test, we get wild like boot camp In the Garden, fuck the stardom, I beg your pardon Catch a bitch slippin, knock out the whole bottle I'm too rugged, steppin through drippin with ice nuggets You can't hang, my ???'s your fuckin album budget You know my steez, four golds, EPMD Fuck the break up, I'm gettin mines, gee [ Frank Lopez ] "Why the fuck would I hurt you? I brought you in. So we had a few differences, huh? No big deal. I gave you your start. I was the one who believed in you!" [ Tony Montana ] "I stayed loyal to you. I made what I could on the side, But I never turned on you, Frank. Never! But you... A man who ain't worth his word is a cockaroach." [ CHORUS ] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: PMD Album: Business is Business Song: Rugged-N-Raw Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Ba-bom, boom, aoowww, heh I'm blast the cold blast, I'm back to cold blast *scratch* from the Squad tower (Yo don't erase that intro!) *whistling* Chorus: repeat 4X (with variations and Hit Squad shoutouts) I represent the hardcore rough rugged and raw The PMD the mic's my only friend repeat Chorus Verse One: PMD I grab my cordless like my nigga DJ Scratch is on the cut Hit Squad on live, PMD's like what (what?) I'm too rough, gettin snuffed all in the cut Get with the rugged raw shit, catch a nigga in the gut Cause I'm Blass and niggaz ass stay gear with the Hilfiger Timberland boots, Rolex, whip a Benz So throw your hands up in the air like you don't care Chickenheads swingin from chandeliers in they underwear That's that b-boy shit, grab your big dick Crack a 40, spark an L and get bent shit Three eighty by the hip in case a nigga slip Don't like beefs or jealousy fucks? It's mass confusion niggaz losin by the minute tryin to win it But thanks to hip-hop, yo Scratch spin it Chorus 1/2 Verse Two: Yippie-yi-yay, yippy-yo, it's the, slow-flow mechanic Mass confusion is crusin just start to panic and you don't stop, got the Hit Squad backin me Spark your L's, honies sip your daquiri Ask for P, my mission in to get richer and lost my other half but I still got my Fisherman hat, it ain't over til the fat chickenhead catch wreck, snap that bitch neck I show and prove niggaz best to move slow The P the Mic Doc (c'mon) the micraphone's my only friend, can't even trust nobody Cause next thing you know I'm fuckin bustin somebody My shadow got my back and that's the way it goes Keep my eyes out for foes and remain on my tippy toes Respect my flows then release it for the brothers One to hundreds, the fuckin certified top gunners I keep a close knit quick to roast click Bout to pull shit, a few dimepieces if the hoes fit It don't quit, it don't stop, and never will and so kill it, I'm strictly hardcore so you can see it Chorus *shouts, DJ Scratch on the cut, misc.* The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: PMD f/ Das EFX Album: Business is Business Song: Rugged-N-Raw (Remix) Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash  Yeah yeah, nine-seven, Das EFX  To your chin No doubt, PMD  Boondox, Hit Squad, PMD Uhh  Das EFX, we up on this one son What's the deal?  Whattup P? Rough rugged and raw Hit Squad  No doubt son yo, yeah yeah keep it live Chorus: repeat 4X I represent the hardcore (rough rugged and raw) The PMD the mic's my only friend Verse One: I grab a chorus like my nigga DJ Scratch is on the cut Hit Squad on live, PMD's like what (what?) I'm too tough, gettin snuffed all in the cut  Aiyyo it's diggedy Das whassup higgedy here to fuck it up  Nuttin move but the green my team be on the shine  Shiggedy shine like a light, Hit Squad we keep it tight  I light an L I ring your bells so go tell cuz it's the ill figure Timberland boots, Rolex, with a Benz  Diggy Das EFX snap necks with PMD Bringin the raw so you can see a b-boy is what I be See I just can't resist this, cause Business is Business So money mind your business, and shorty keep your distance I did this once before, hardcore, forever in it Tryin to win it, thank God for hip-hop, yo Scratch spin it Chorus 1/2 Verse Two: Yippie-yi-yay, yippy-yo, it's the, slow-flow mechanic Mass confusion is crusin just start to panic and you don't stop, got the Hit Squad backin me  Aiyyo we riggeddy rock your set  and I bet you never ever tackle me  What happened P? You know what happened B I'm on mission and lost my other half but I still got my Fisherman hat, it ain't over til the fat chickenhead catch wreck  Aiyyo yo it's diggedy Das EFX  The sewer rap so iggedy act like you know though And me the Mic Doc (c'mon) the micraphone's my only friend, can't even trust nobody  It goes liggedy-la-di-da-di  Higgedy hit you with the shotty So to whom it may concern, from yours truly, no other My style's butter, that's word to mother, underground gutter B-boy brother, no singin chords, just rugged Low budget, thought you was that nigga but you wasn't  Riggedy rough rugged and raw, straight from the floor  Fearless like the Four, Zsa Zsa like Gabor  Babe-Pah, we zonin up the hydro Squad by my side so All my real heads keep it live represent Chorus The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Redman Album: Insomnia - an Erick Sermon compilation Song: Funkorama Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash We, hah! This is Funk Doctor Spock! As we look, at our clocks We gonna take you, on a ship to another journey to the Darkside Hah, we've conquered, new evidence, that there is life My funk prognosis make my brains comatose One hundred percent funk runs blood straight through your nose I don't have to be Madonna, to make your eyes freeze Visine's for eyes when you smoke the thai weed For this, you need a journalist scientist Keep your eye in this, funk cosmical, far from logical I blow the spot up in any hood or boondox Make the bully of the block move and get new locks Now who kicks that phenomical astronomical? Uhh That's my nine in you, feelin nauseous that's my rhyme in you I swing funk like numchuks my game's death That's cool when I blind fools like Kareem Abdul Hot like lava's fire, sometimes I get more higher than Cheech My funk speech make words wear sun visors I'm gettin down with the funk in your trunk Def Squad's in the house, with the ... for all you punks "Coming down the block man loud as fuck  You would swear Redman was inside the trunk" -- Q-Tip (repeat 4X) Ahhh, I'm just as high as three peeled up motherfuckers Def Squad's in the house, with the ... for you suckers Punks, y'all chumps, I blew the frame once twice I'm dumb nice, I bring my worst lyrics to a gunfight The top notch, nah fuck that, that notch's topped I'm off the meter, I make computer's catch amenesia I'm swifter than roller blades on Icecapades I'm Fearless like Four plus I'm Kool like Aid My grammar, slam from here to York, Alabama I never pull my pants up, I'm nutty like Planters My style gets Death like Row or Def like Jeff Def like Jam or Squad, or death like Meth One two! Big up to my niggaz on one deuce That cocks snaps and busts back at the boys in... rrrrrah! With weed for you! Who says I can't burn shit up just like Lisa Lopez? I'm cause the ruckus, my area is fucked up You better off calling them Power Ranger motherfuckers Cause Redman will bomb just like Sadaam When I'm loose I'm worldwide like triple fat goose Heavily armed "Coming down the block man, loud as fuck  You would swear Redman was inside the trunk" -- Q-Tip (repeat 4X) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Xross-Breed f/ Redman Album: Insomnia - An Erick Sermon Compilation Song: The Vibe Typed by: nelly@itis.com "Check the rhyme y'all" "vibe" (x14) Rockwilder: As I perchase a twenty bag of the sticky Keeps me buddhafied till I'm level with the Bunoflies Take a crusie through the land of ? For the bitch ass that act the bitch ass  Some niggas let that shit pass but Rock is quick to kick ass Quick fast, I keep the star by the focus lace the blunt pocus With the dust the dead locus  Psychotic insain anxieties  Have noriety of animosity to insult my philosoys  You got to be the sickest out there that underrated noyokated  I hat it and wish niggas never played it Xross Breed for 9-4 9-5 2 G's high 5 for the Queens live vibe Hook: Xross Breed is in the house keep it live y'all Ease up ease up yeah I got an appiite  For milk bones alpo and niggas who ain't rappin' right So before you pick up the microphone to flow Play like Teddy Pentagrass I think you better Let It Go Get on this higher plain with my higher brain From the weed indeed my menntals coastin' down the firelane I'm absolutely for the loot G, fuck a groupy trying to soup me I'm from the Q.B., I've always been real, no bitches in the infield It fucks the whole look up like birdshit on your windshield So clear the way I'm freakin' rhymes in a major way I roll with more niggas than Easter Pot Boy on Labor Day I don't want the drama hoe  Even you mama know my style phenominal And I form more Ghetto Jams then Domino It's Xross-Breed gettin' the best of ya comin' at cha Like Patra, come test me now Hook Redman Outro: To the beat y'all as we enter your eardrums with the cosmic funk for 9-4 9-5 Pack Pistol Posse is in the motherfucker for the 94 era causin' much terror to the brain Look out, ha, don't do that The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Passion Album: Insomnia - An Erick Sermon Compilation Song: As The... Typed by: nelly@itis.com Erick Sermon Intro:  Y'all know what's about to happen We get more dangerous then Michael Jackson P-A-S-S-I-O-N Verse 1:  The Passion experience niggas just don't understand  In this lyrical land I expand like rubberband See this is for my niggas and my bitches hitten switches With 1-6's lifestyle of the riches Hip hop is the same as the drug game (word up) Now the money and the fame depends on your name I'm the P-A-S-S-I-O-N  You better tell your crew and you better tell your friends That I kill verbally take it personally The music industry ain't ready for me Cause I thunder like storms and I thunder like claps When I bring the noise on funk tracks like Anthrax Somebodys coming better, naw nigga never My squad comes together like bullets and Berettas Hook: As the world goes around "Round and round.  The world goes around and round" As the world goes around I'm breakin' down competitors "The world goes around and round" (x2) P-A-S-S-I-O-N Verse 2: Always and forever, I'm a bring the terror Passion coming through like WHATEVER Cause I'm ready for war tonights the night God bless your life when I come through this mic With a brain like a tricker, bustin' like a gun (yeah) Cockback my tongue like a 30 magnum When the verbal starts to peel you better get you vest  Cause my verse gets worse then hollow tips in your chest When I break niggas up like Smokey in the Miracles With the lyricals that be Underground like Digital Who's the next fool to step up and be the bravest  You wanna be couragous I get up in your anus Like an introvenus penis (whoa) Passion bring it fuller the lyrical killer gettin' iller with the stealer If you say my name in vein I bring it to your brain Like Curt Cobain going insain (yeah) Hook Verse 3: Nigga what's the controversy? What's the conflict? Def Squad is my click and I don't hear shit I bring it to beginners sinners and all contenders And I don't give a fuck about your sexual gender Come and get it and if you said it you'll regret it The heros are dead but the coward lives to tell it If you come around town I'll shut you down like a zero Why you wanna die like a hero (nigga) Hook The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jamal and Calif Album: Insomnia - An Erick Sermon Compilation Song: Beez Like That (Sometimes)  Typed by: nelly@itis.com Jamal: Ya see all these niggas wanna test my steez I cock and squeeze on all phoney MC's I still maintain and keep my eyes on the prize Got to get the cream nigga better recognize (tell 'em why) It's 95 and I gotta get mine (yeah)  Lampin' with the crew on the block I keep the nine (what?) For all the jealous motherfuckers tryin' to bring the ruckus Bust this, style and you know I stay dusted (what?) Off the purple rain of pain insane  Niggas wanna see Jamal and then I Bring The Pain Like Method, niggas second guessin' if they steppin' I let them motherfuckers know where the weapons kept in  (it's in the back) My nigga Erotic got it rollin' on the scene Seen that punk ass nigga and I shot at him (what?) He was lampin' of the block  And niggas didn't see Jamal had the glock (what?) It had the scope plus the infared beam mind full of schemes Cause a motherfucker fried to get me for my cream (true dat) It don't matter cause I roll like that  Droppin' motherfuckers who be steppin' to the mass The weapon the keep it cocked  And niggas couldn't see Jamal they know I wreck shop And everytime I rhyme my lines be bomb Way beyond yours just to make it primetime Hook: Cause I got my niggas and we got guns, it beez like that We always stay strapped (x2) Calif: Yo I get Brave like Atlanta, stickin' niggas like Deon Sanders When I pack guns like Bonanza, Runnin' Rebel like Nevada Fuck them whores, lampin' on the O sees sticks and drug war Maxin' like Maxima, different styles like spatulas Calif goes on cruise like perellies on Acuras Nigga know who I am with them phat raps Wreckin' ghettos and turnin' bitches out like crack So fire it up and watch me get hot like two glocks cocked Shit get down like two cops bang bang like two shots WHUT UP how you want it? Lyrically your gutted True to what I do my style is underground like subways (yeah) Hey, who I be Raw Lif the chief rocka The shit take ya straight to the streets of the east (word the fuck up Word is bron, fuck peace  Fuck with Def Squad niggas be deceased, cut it short  (Cut the shit off) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist:	Keith Murray Album:	Insomnia - An Erick Sermon Compilation Song:	This That Shit Typed by: OHHLA.com Up early in the mornin through the break a night Niggaz be on the block uptight gettin knifes ready to fight And release, anger from the belly of the beast Like work release, on the fuckin police I'll percussion bodies like drums and tracks And break backs a six maniac, poppin they gums and facts I bugs the clubs runnin with thugs Makin niggas bite the bullet and hug the slugs Ya whole genetics is pathetic Got me ready to set it, on a shot M1 type wetted But instead I blow you buck fifty cross the face For tryin to look hard in the first place I need beer and a lotta noise in my ear In a rowdy atmosphere to even think clear And all praises due to the LOD's and fuck the COPS who try to lock us up and throw away the keys CHORUS: Now this goes out to my niggas on lockdown and all my niggas on the streets, This That Shit (repeat 4X) I gets to flippin and the phoney can't hold me Like dyslexia on cerebral palsey with styles, y'all niggas know me and howI drop, physical science on your whole alliance Try it, what? I Shoot to Kill like motherfuckin Mad Lion Who is this doin this emphatic type a disco alpha beta funkadelic fuckin emphasis, from the funk abyss Blowin up the spot with the pump-rump Shakin pistol grip, losin niggas in the plot I got you out there like Sonny and Cher I don't give a fuck niggaz goin make me hurt some'in up in here You get that ass kicked quick fast in a hurry tryin to ready the mad styles of Mr. Keith Murray Tryin to step up to my respected bass and treble level Will get your head beat in with a shovel And the only thing that could stop me from gettin sloppy is when the hook comes in by the E-double CHORUS I'm sick, I kick the type of shit that make you violent Make the jails crowded, and have everybody talkin bout it See I be universally, university purposely droppin it, psychomatically Where I'm from is only real hard times So when I bust on the mic I bust with real hard rhymes And I'm strapped, with a posse that's ready to snap And a nigga who make beats like we live in rap You get do fiend on the scene please I spread MC's like some old crazy skin disease Operation murderation radication on your whole staff Tryin to find your way down Carlton Ave CHORUS The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Wixtons Album: Insomnia - An Erick Sermon Compilation Song: Up Jump The Boogie Typed by: nelly@itis.com Intro: It's the Diamonds baby "Everybody move ya body" (x8) - Notorious B.I.G. Jah Boogie: Here comes the Jah changin' faces spoiled rotten A.k.a. pillow soft like cotton (what you mean?) Honies on me I'm milk D, hardcore from the P Bring it like DJ's (what's your sign?) Capricorn Word is born, I flex, I get up in that ass like a thong When you free Rick free me too A wild then a mug another bastard from the zoo I be the black pepper hot stepper, dumbies I up jump the boogie to the uggies taste the honies Cause I got the moneys, cash in my stash (what?) I'm Suga Shaft (oh no) you gots to laugh Cause I'm doin' it I'm big willy Wixton I'm whippin' The GS 300 shittiin', my jams hitten Power like Kerby Pucket, fuck it, sit back relax and make a ducket Baby doll Hook: "Everybody move ya body"  Up jump the boogie (x4) Erick Sermon: Suga Diamonds represent Suga Diamond: Oh no, it's the Suga Diamonds in your house boo You know how I do with the check a 1-2 Na-uh your not hot so get with it Flaminated flavors just like the mystics I'm kickin' Sugalistics jibbies bounce your booties No creatures in my features only sportin' cuties (now get 'em) I hit 'em with the super Suga rhythm, Grace Jones they ass Show 'em no class, I might studder like Balky the brother Brims claimin' greason like Almro to rubber In my tre duece pound like Craig I'm Gettin' Down (get down) Yo didn't know? I'm Sweet & Low Ain't no limpin' in my pimpin' double green got my back fool (We can keep if freaky) cause I'm so cool it's sick I predict my jam to be a big hit  All city international. Hot thick Hook (x4) Erick Sermon talking: Def Squad bring it right everytime so, don't stop. Uh Jah-Boogie Suga Diamnds wild like that y'all. Whoa, heeey this is how we do so y'all just, yeah and you don't quit. Comin' correct all city catchin' wreck so... Jah-Boogie: Up jumps the boogie, it's the big Jah and I love nuggie Real cool plus I'm one tough cookie, by far Ghetto celeb superstar (naw mean) I keeps it real baby paw Suga Diamond: Baby boo move your back side bounce like it counts  Up and down side to side every once Your lower bottom got 'em from the shakin' that your makin' (makin') Suga hot bakin' Hook (x4) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Duo Album: Insomnia - An Erick Sermon Compilation Album Song: On the Regular Typed by: nelly@itis.com Intro: Yeah yeah it's T-Hype and the Born Loser from the Duo. Def Squad. Right now New York Chi-Town 6-0-6-4-4 act like you know. 95 realize and recognize. Big Kim: Here comes the bad bitch on some other type stuff Knockin' those out ruff who try to inflatrate  Word born you might as conplitulate I freak the funk roll the skunk when I come in Jet black bad to the bone darker skin To get to the point I'm the most  My joint is regulated leavin' minds comatoast Overdose so fuck around lay around if you wanna T-Man: And I'm smokin' fat blunts in the corner (word born word born) Fuck around and you a gonnna Hook: I let my mind run loose on the scribe on the regular (yeah yeah and you don't stop) (x2) Big Kim: I let my mind run loose on the scribe on the regular My school books is gone nothin' left but my pow to the death I rock the bells and the pony tails Keep it comin' inside the greens, strike the vasaline Across the face slightly, those party hoes that wanna see me Keep the interview in the room full of boom Unlimited capasity I'm all that and then some, still wanna come? Don't question my squads capabilities its 180 times two degrees Big Kim talking: Yo this is Big Kim from the Duo. Def Squad I"m about to bring out my ace boon coon T-Man. Represent represent. T-Man: I put my mind through test when I smoke sess Never the less I release stress with something def So why bother trying death defying stunts I puff blunts And fake niggas that want to front I enter minds like a conscience or a spirit Niggas get nausious when I receit my lyrics  So when you hear it run to towel bowls and commodes I dispose of foes flip them inside out like dirty clothes Big Kim: I test men like the broadcast system  Gettin' pressure points when I hit them in the begining I give niggas fits with my wits God gifted a mastermind when I'm writting inbetween the lines Erick Sermon Outro: Ha , This is one more Def Squad production (yeah yeah ya don't stop)And if you don't know you better ask somebody (yeah yeah and you don't stop) Hook (x2) Def Squads in the house for 95 a 1-2 1-2 (x8) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tommy Gunn Album: Insomnia - An Erick Sermon Compilation Song: Fear Typed by: nelly@itis.com Verse 1: Sunny southern Cali  Where bitches are apart of nigga found dead in alleys Buttnaked with the brain stain  From the bullet bleed all a cousin creed 2 G's and a pound of weed (the bad seed) That's my mindstate I ate cause my tape causes ear drum rapes Rainy days wake my mind to a haze that ease the craze I break a sack and blaze, headrush, rush by cause the weeds will be giving you a whiff of the fifth that I'm sippin' Straight rain now making me fowl let's bow  I'll flow a fool like Nile and follow a fool into exile Fear, the fowl lifer eye of the sniper  Playin' pussy time to pay the piper Now stay out the shadows my mind rattles  Cause of tention bring back reminishion to my system A prism of realism, keeping me trapped Fat doobies to the dome yo make you death Slapped in the face by the fear of my enemies On a life and death mission I can soak Hennessy  Fuck fear Hook: Erick Sermon: We got it coming over here y'all. Spot locked down y'all uh (x2) Tommy Gunn: Fear, fear got you paniced You're fearin' fear but I'm takin' fear for granted (x2) Verse 2: Upstate, devil hated, virgin breakage They played up cool with that mule and the 40 acres They'll never take us again my minds equiped  While Cali got me trippin' on some Nino Brown type shit Coco rocks and weed spots balck techs and glocks C-no lots able me to take herb hits like an oc, paradoxs  I murder tight rhymes cause of the rhythm bends in my brain Bionical vision, I beat down basslines cause sometimes I got shit danceing in my down about hardtimes I bards mine with the 9 nino ross, run a wrong get tossed That's the cost, kids lost, catcht up my styles maturing  His ego movin' poisonous paragraphs seem to be alluring Straight Hen no chaser brain eraser By the time you catch the next chorus I hope my lyrics mase ya Hook Verse 3: Much props, like Michael Jordon hops, giving zero ops On the mics I gots, dommme shots, my shit rocks And it's so fuckin' demented it rots when niggas jock Ringin' the other rhymer knot like pinchin' pot Issueing the enemy staright mops Hook I know a gang of jeal niggas and enemys So to ease my mind I sip straight hennessy (x2) Outro: To all my niggas in Los Angeles "Rock rock on" - Redman Blaze on. To Big Ledge and Low. Blaze on. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Domo Album: Insomnia - An Erick Sermon Compilation Song: Ready for War Typed by: nelly@itis.com Intro: Check it out, it's the lunatiic Domo, uh about to blow for the 9-5, 9-4 check it out. Got Big Pretty in the house. Rollin' 6-5 for Tunes representin'. C'mon. Check it out. Verse 1: Fuck that mother fuck that like this  So how many niggas wanna get hit with the fifth Black gats I pack lunatic always stay strapped Now you will get your wig pushed back The lunatic Domo is all about danger  6 in my clip and always leave one in the chamber Pain I'm givin', bad that's my livin' A ill nigga that flip on your moms if she bitchin' The pressure pushed you know I deal I'm not a cowboy Keep a ice grill you never see me on some smile shit Bacdafucup, watch out, no it's not the Onyx  It the Domo comin' through with a bag of chronic Hook: Tonights the night and me and my crew ready for WAR (x3) Tonights the night and me and my niggas ain't playin' (x2) Verse 2: Watch me get witty I'm terrific  Fantastic I'm high as hell what's why I stay high and splifted I be an ill Runnin' Rebel I'm evil  I get 7 demons in my body just like the devil I kill like Raid, jam like the group shit called Jade Plus I flip and blow like grenades I flexed I press like Prince  So if you fuck around I'll have your whole face filled with dents I make them jump like frog, I'm chillin' with niggas like the mob I'm keepin' it real with Def Squad But I"m the mad Domo got the shit that might blow your mind tho' If you wanna roll can't find those Other mans with skills always bet broken If you fuck with my your legs will be broken But I'm no joken, lye is what I'm smoken Motherfuckin them bitches I'm pervocin' Hook Verse 3: I rip the rhyme on stage on the regular I flip it just like the man who plays as the predator So parlay kid I'm about to ridiculous  Even funky bionic man can't even get with this Yes I'm the man the number one challenger Hit you so hard I'll knock your birthday off the calander (boo-ya) Back in the days when I was catchin' wreck  And now a threat to any ass nigga wanna step (a-yo) So c'mon c'mon, come and bring the drama (what?) My crew is gettin' open from a fat bag of smoka Yo the shit that you buggin' have you goin' psycho Hit the skins with Jamino N-E-O-N  Went toe to toe with Michael but yo The beef is on word is born word to your mother Word to life I bet you get that ass torn I got my niggas (yo) and my niggas know how I'm feelin' I'm crazy I'll even fuck they lady in the G building Peace to Mr. Curly now we curly and mo And I'm a blow and I'm a blow and I'm a blow, word is born Hook (x2) Outro: Peace to Pillow Productions. Check it out word the mad domo got griddy. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Erick Sermon Album: Insomnia - An Erick Sermon Compilation Song: Reign Typed by: nelly@itis.com Intro: This goes out to my people on lockdown People on the streets Uh. This Squad is Def. Verse 1: Check this, the Mike Tyson of rap is back Suger Smackes I get down like Matt Who's the Man? The black Jackie Chan gettin' physical like Aliva Newton John, Heuvy knew and tight bring the don Before you jump into my flow yell "Geronimo" I be the Lee suit wearin' back in the days  Baggin' girl like Braxton How Many Ways I talk to 'em, I rock 'em out I blaze 'em I maze 'em  1-2 jazz vocab I daze 'em  Like south dummies I come with the "all you get" uppercuts So don't get stuck Becareful where you're steppin', sho nuff I'm ruff I kick back like a weapon, an automatic systematic Michael Jackson Screamin' on you and your crew for not believin' Hook: And I come out the winner, yeah the reigning champion All competition gets done (x2) C'mon and lets just "get up" (x4) Verse 2: Somewhere yeah, over the rainbow  Comes the dopest angel to bless my single  Yeah I come out correct every month like the Source Cock Deis like I'm Full Force I bob and weave on tracks I'm Sugar Ray all day Some say I'm the Chronic like Dre I watch my back and look for the bloops and the blunders I'm Supersticious ask Stevie Wonder I get the biggest Benz that cost the biggest ends Attract the finest skins with the flyest coated rims Whoa I'm do it the heavy weight champ My survey, I rock the house like it's my birthday My styles ruger, ghetto I'm Mr. ? if ya lookin' You'll find me and my crew in Brooklyn (word up) I got it covered like profolatics relax kid (yeah) With the Def Squad tactic Hook Verse 3: I said is New York up in here, hell yeah Bringin' the ruckus for you brothers comin straight from the gutters Big up to all niggas sportin' Tommy Hilfigure Drivin' dope whips and ain't havin' shit Those gettin' doe from the east to the west coast Do your thing money plus get the money Hey Erick Sermon representin' rude bwoy come through  Like Run DMC for you Hook The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Erick Onasis Album: Def Squad Presents Erick Onasis Song: I Do 'Em Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Erick Onasis] No game, for no-names On the mic I spit flames, Rockwells to Janes I'm the nicest without me in the game it's a crisis - I control all mic devices Scratch and E yo, we keep shit poppin Control the mic, keep spittin and keep droppin Lose 'em or bruise 'em, ruin 'em Keep the madface screwin 'em Keep pursuin 'em, keep doin 'em all night til the crowd start booin and when we get thumped by uh, Nuf and Clue and them Yo, I keep shit comin from the bassment Make hardcore cats take the route that Mase went Not the God, but just plain quick from fuckin with that D-E-F Squadron shit This is my house, I told you before Trespass on my shit, I catch you at the door Jump off the rail, from the second floor and kill you in here, without breakin the law I do 'em, do 'em, do 'em somethin awful I do 'em, do 'em somethin awful I do 'em, do 'em somethin awful I do 'em, do 'em somethin awful DJ Scratch came with somethin mean My jewels be gold, dough be Mitch Greene [DJ Scratch] Awwwwwwww shit!  I fucked up and did somethin STUPID right there {*mumbling*} [Erick Onasis] Let's go! Scratch came with somethin mean My jewels be gold, dough be Mitch Greene Rock Air Nike's with a raw Karl jean Fresh black .45 tool by the spleen Yeah, who wanna Abdul like Kareem? I'm in the game of death, I'll cave your chest Yo Scratch got the beat pumpin - iron Reppin in sets of ten, I catch my wind so I can, thicken for those who thinkin me hard-est No forgivin, I'm leavin 'em scared Pull you card, jump, go 'head catch a nitfit You a bitch walkin around with smudged lipstick I catch wreck cause I'm better than anyone bring it South with the Mexican Boy I bake like ovens, refresh like Tropical Plug-Ins out the wall I'm ready to brawl Siamese gat spittin, y'all hold y'all gats sittin Take care witcha hardware Are you a dope MC or relevant? All y'all lightweight; me - I'm elephant Top that! Sy Scott, Khyree and me Meet the new arsenal nigga, for 2G I do 'em, do 'em, do 'em somethin awful I do 'em, do 'em, do 'em somethin awful I do 'em, do 'em, do 'em somethin awful I do 'em, do 'em somethin awful Yeah, yeah.. word up.. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Erick Onasis Album: Def Squad Presents Erick Onasis Song: Don't Get Gassed Typed by: obi1one@hotmail.com Def Squad Uh huh Check it [Verse 1] No more long roads, my time's up The rap game is bumper to bumper, I take a shortcut I do a 120 down the Deegan Fly past the cops, they like he's speeding I'm in a two triple zero MB Flaunt it, til the gas tank's empty Yo, me and Redman take a detour Uptown, park in front of Branson's store I see a couple of chickens upon the scene I roll down the window and I flash the greens I got my hand upon the steering wheel, with the gangsta lean Watch and rings, doin my thing, bling, bling I'm out there sittin on Lorenzo's Attractin, two, four, five, or six hoes Uh, girls scream my name And the hype crazy, it wasn't me it was the fame E Dub the rap sugar cane [Your homeboy drove up] I give a fuck who came I'm off the hook like 27th street between 11th and 12th All by myself CHORUS: Ayo, you think you holdin it down Don't get gassed On the real you and your mans are clowns Don't get gassed Ay, you think you flyer than me Don't get gassed I'm a legend, know somethin, I whoop your ass Ay, you think you hold the crown Don't get gassed On the real you and your mans are clowns Don't get gassed Ay you think you flyer than me Don't get gassed I'm legend, know somethin, I whoop your ass [Verse 2] Check it, who wanna go at it, buck for buck I come through like nigga what, in a Brinks truck Blow it up like the Spanish cat, in Dead Presidents Get the money, hand out gifts, in your residence >From Snoop Dogg, "Bitch Please" King of New York, "Christopher Walken" on MCs I'm hard to please, excite me Jump off the Brooklyn Bridge Heads first, face, thug, and live Now that my get you a "yo duke is ill" But that still aint got shit to do with the skills Uh, why you wanna go against me with no brains When I'm a big dude, and you a buck and change Me, I got no time for playin games If it can't ride upon the track then switch lanes New game, watch how I rearrange the structure Here's a hundred grand, keep the change you fucker I'm like the magazine, my flow is Upscale My shit flourish, and yours don't sale On the other hand, you're mad to def at SoundScan And left wit a couple of fans CHORUS: So what you and your man went gold Don't get gassed I got a couple of million sold Don't get gassed I bet ya next year you fold Don't get gassed I'm a legend, know somethin, I whoop your ass So what you and your man went gold I got a couple of million sold Don't get gassed I bet ya next year you fold Don't get gassed I'm a legend, know somethin, I whoop your ass Yeah "Don't believe the hype" The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Erick Onasis f/ Slick Rick Album: Def Squad Presents Erick Onasis Song: Why Not Typed by: BMW_MCDC@yahoo.com [E] Uh, and you dont stop yeah yeah Uh Huh yeah yeah ha ha [Slick Rick] You know what I'm sayin so I said (rick D) Uh huh, yeah Big Brown uh huh, yeah You ready? [Erick Sermon] Yo, in the Y2K, my chips be micro, unlimited Me and Rick D reap the benefit Cars, girls, jewels, innocent  Next year it'll be old, we get rid of it Yeah like that, yeah we knock 'em out the box yo Money's deep like the gold at fort Knox yo Rhyme killer, kill an iller rhyme with no effort At you trick a hole your crew (blao!) You're mad now huh? You can't stand me Now watch when I'm recieving a grammy A Soul Train when I'm getting a Sammy Davis Junior award, fans applaud For me, Erick Onasis, top dog The money folder, I'm like Don King's promoter Ya'll can't see me I'm ariborne type tuskeegee Wicked like the board of Ouija  When I step in the door things change Everything stops like ya freeze frame It's mad hot now, Gettin ready to boil (Rick the Ruler!) Me, the MC Grand Royal Chorus: [Erick Sermon] ER, Ravishing I, impress C, courageous or careless K, for the Kani's that I got That I rock everyday, and why, why not? [Slick Rick] R is ravishing I, impress C, courageous or careless K, for the Kangol's which I've got What I wear everyday, and why, why not? [Slick Rick] Emotion and hope in the scope  When the paw print on the button on my brand new garage door opener "Ungh", as the double R rips through the gutter Even 7 Day Advents scream "that shit's butter!" You best remember who's the skipper Remember who made girl's joint drop so hard it popped the zipper  Illusion on no boozin confusion Even ghosts like "Ruler I'm scared of you son" As I lean and dip, dream might seem a bit odd Lights just turned red turn green for Rick (ya know) On the deacon, with my stuff in there blastin Till the signs on the highway start to wop when I pass them (ohhh) Mad bougeoui folk bent, perhaps offend Chrome almost made another Rolls have an accident The Ruler wildin, La Di Da Di Don is stylin On his way to see green eyed buddy on the Island (Chorus) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Erick Onasis f/ Redman, Khari Santiago Album: Def Squad Presents Erick Onasis Song: Live it Up Typed by: obi1one@hotmail.com [Redman] You motherfuckers gotta get... Live baby [16X] [Khari Santiago] Introduction, Khari makes you wet like 90 degrees Summer night of passionate raw fuckin Physical frame slim, you mention my name in Your verse and you might be leaving the earth flamin Shit changed when I came in, niggas stopped smilin Started hatin and wishin my chest would get caved in Oh why? Probably cuz I'm too much to clutch too fly Cats dividin findin cuts to hide in Scared like a bunch of little skirts, it gets worse Or gettin their delicate feelings hurt Or run around, chain danglin, grippin their nuts Big balla nigga til you slip and get stuck And I, trunk cake the break, break fools that take schools Of emcees get sprayed through so bad it'll make news Reported that you got slaughtered the only description You got ripped by some tall kid that like an Egyptian [Redman]2X Yo, we want y'all to liven it up Before I do We want y'all to get fucked up Before I do We want y'all to get the money Before I do We want y'all to get high, high, high Before I do [Onasis] Yeah live it up now before I do Wit my new millenium gat, mines is blue Glock and clip, cock it back, lost your chips Smart bullet, and marked your name before I pull it Hip hop the shit, it run through my blood Fake thug, I aint dirt, you ran through mud I'm what rap was, and what it be The lyrical, mystical, live MC Ay you rap subliminal Rock hard shit you a mineral Lab rapper made by chemicals Me, I'm nice when it comes to material Like Redman I should have my own cereal E new sheriff in rap, Reggie hammered it How the hell you get backstage wit no laminate Area restricted from those MCs that's not gifted Amateur night show you missed it [Redman]2X We want y'all to liven it up Before I do We want y'all to get fucked up Before we do We want y'all to get the money Before I do We want y'all to get high, high, high Before we do The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Erick Onassis f/ Keith Murray, Redman Album: Def Squad Presents Erick Onasis Song: Hostility Typed by: obi1one@hotmail.com Yo, yo, yo... Ow! Motherfucker, sneakin in your backyard ?? Wit your daughter, naked, ha ha What you know about it, what you know about it [Redman] Yo, why you buggin? I stick a 16 shot slug in your ear Put it to my dick so you hear me comin I.C.U. critical, up on a stretcher The 45 undresser, put on the pressure You need a bulletproof overall suit to protect your neck up You dealin then shuffle the deck up Fuck the IRS, I'm the NRS Nigga Revenue Service, talico inserter Murder, a six letter word to convert a Beef you better off flippin beef at Fat Burger Yo Keith, pull out the burner (he won't move any further) Yeah, tannin your body more than white boy surfers I carry tools like Sears Surplus So when I spit you catch heart murmurs Word, you sweeter than cupcakes I concentrate to blow blocks where your crew pump weight Each generation, rules the nation Rock more spots than a hundred one dalmations I'm not a hog I'm a big dog wit big balls Lock it down like pit jaws to Crenshaw Then y'all be like He's jiggy like fat bitches wit cellulite Chicken might dine like cops First of the month these thugs Will leave your bones in harmony from the slug I beat pussy down when I'm smokin the la Bitches leave the room screamin "Oh na na Oh na na" [Erick Onassis] E dog the mic demolitioner The black superhero Def Squad's the clique, we rock shit Cuz we flossiest No thug cats show us often this We the boss in this Why think of double crossin this Your first joint so wack it made me confused, forget who I be I'll catch you eye then, ya heard I live the life that's quite chill On the hill wit a glass of water and 20 mil Believe you me, E I got a fresh flow I keep it blazed like dat fo' sho' Some cats are sheisty, so I pack toast My name aint Next and, y'all Too Close The rap emperor, scorchin hot Be the temperature, let's see, think I'm funny I make you laugh goodfella I smack you down in front of your fans Then watch the show, in the stands, nigga Don't fuck around that's what I mean yo Def Squad comin through again, El Nino [Keith Murray] And why should we listen to you, anyway You's a sucker MC wit a sucker DJ I hit you with the all in the hammer Cocksucker, niggas in DC say bammer Master thrasher, on a binge for revenge Make a hardcore nigga cry when I kill all his friends And force destruction wit my coalition Bang a nigga in the chest for frontin when he should be listenin I comes through too true Like a half pit, half man, HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO! Shut the fuck up, fuck you part two I kill a rock and put a brick in the hospital The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Erick Onasis f/ Eazy-E Album: Def Squad Presents Erick Onasis Song: So Sweet Typed by: jason_ray@mindspring.com [Erick Onasis] Yeah, check it out Where Eazy at man? (I think he over there dude) Where he at? damn (Oh aight cool) Yo, I'm the rocka man (Who?) Glock cocka man (Who?) Blocka blocka man  (You!) can't stoppa man Technique I freak  Make chicks strip to bare meat Leavin' nuttin' on but their shoes No rules, I'm dumbin' out in the bathroom Gettin' sucked off 'till I bust off E single to mingle Blow somethin' in they ear to make'em tingle Earrings watch'em jingle (uh!) Leave the spot jump in the car escape Bouncin', with the new biggie smalls tape Dead wrong down sunset haven't had fun yet Me not the E, you wanna make a bet? Remember this, lounge you in the danger zone E got the blocks on snipe the drop zone (uh!) Peep the whip, I'm sittin' on twenty inch Brobbit's  And y'all sittin' on garbage (huh!) Feel me baby the way I be movin'  Watch what I'm doin', got the spot brewin'  Off the hook in here, you can smell it, gangsta I'll let Eazy E tell it Chorus [Eazy-E] (4x) Feel the beat! Bein' a gangsta is so neat Yeah! gangsta beat for the street [Eazy-E] I got beef for the street to the beach I'll be rollin'  Never see me strollin' 40's I'll be holdin'  Girls in the daisys drive eazy crazy Rolled up my windows as I turned on my AC Rollin' down crenshaw see the hoe's joggin' Sunday nights poppin'  See the 4's hoppin' My stereo's bumpin' the A-T-L funk You can call it what you want  Either way the shit bumps Chorus (4x) [Erick Onasis] Yeah, yeah yeah feel me y'all (who?) The emcee y'all (yo!) Who I be y'all, E, thats me y'all Shining call me the black Jack Nicholson Heeeres Erick, for those thats listening Yeah, I'm right there block the glare when you stare Cover your face when I'm in the place (uh, uh) E, the boy in the east, got green eyes wit' telekenisis keep dime pieces, snatch ya feat, it's a full time jack move (RIIIIGHT!) Eazy E and E make a jack move The combo ya hear here, sound so sweet Gangsta beats for the streets Chorus (4x) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Erick Onasis f/ DJ Quik, Xzibit Album: Def Squad Presents Erick Onasis Song: Focus Typed by: obi1one@hotmail.com Hey! [vocoder box] Never understood, how we did it How we made this music groove your very soul [Erick Onasis] Yo I lamp out in the rented E-7 V-12 screamer The new Benz, seen her? 290 thou', wow Somethin your rap budget does not allow Why you laughin, I don't see nuttin funny Pull back two Mac-10's now it's a big Mac-20 That is the basics Quik and I we run the Matrix Hold your mouth don't say shit Walk through any borough that stretch from here past the tri-borough Better respect us dog we thorough Don't get confused We smashin crews, it's my rules Step incorrect and get abused I bring the ruck to any cats bringin drama Make 'em feel it, like Tupac's "Dear Mama" It can be pitch black and I'll spot ya BOOM! Kick in your door like Big Poppa [vocoder box] Never Xzibit DJ motherfuckin Quik Erick Sermon [DJ Quik] Ay, tell me what you get when your nigga Xzibit and Quik get down with the E Double? You get we trouble E, make the beat bubble Make the bass all on you shake they break out to the ground and dig em out of E rubble Partyin, happy that you shook the whole crib And if you got a pound E Dub I got dibs Cause this is how we do it here It's ironic that you done stepped into a room of purple hydroponic, fat booty bitches sparklin Tryin to take you to a star Tryin to get you to recognize they know who you are Can't you see the red carpet, they lay it out And if you got a fantasy Erick they play it out We big figure rap niggas; from the gate We been waited on and hated on since eighty-eight Now cross my dogs or cross my path and I'ma wet ya Way down from the Compton town, and I betcha that [vocoder box] [Xzibit] Ha, yeah, ladies and gentleman Yeah, the bar is now open C'mon, yeah, it's on me C'mon, yeah Presented to you, AvireX to the Z Yeah, listen I'm the spin doctor, Phantom of the Opera If this was '89 I would break you off proper Cockblocker, dump a few G's in my lolo Not dough hoe, my nigga Big Kam and Solo Dolo, most niggas react like a homo And when they wit a crowd now they wanna get loud Wanna act wild and act like your criminal file is stretchin a mile, but really got the heart of a child ?? steal our tickets Extra points like a field goal kicker Like a fucked up D.A. wit a charge that ain't stickin I'm walkin away, a free man Cuz y'all niggas softer than sand Cuz we fuckin a fan and locin out wit your pan I fucked your mother, so now I'm the motherfuckin man! Break fool on the track like it's supposed to be And break bread with the real niggas close to me EPMD [vocoder box] C'mon, yeah, DJ Quik in the motherfuckin house Yeah, this dick in your mouth Ha, c'mon, yeah! Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, c'mon Yeah, you think it ain't? The West coast broadcastin live in 1999 All the way bouncin through millenium Ha, c'mon, yeah Yo, millenium shit, yeah, c'mon, yo millenium shit Yeah, c'mon yo, millenium shit Yeah, yo, DJ motherfuckin Quik Yeah, yeah, ha, yo, yo Yeah, Green Eyed Bandit Yeah, bitch niggas can't stand it C'mon, yeah, keep 'em bouncin Yeah, R.I.P. Roger Troutman Yeah, yeah, c'mon, ha, yeah Yo.. yeah, what, yeah, yeah Hah, yeah Yeah it's the real niggas Yeah, bounce wit me, c'mon Yeah.. hahahaha nigga! [vocoder box] Never understood how we did it how we made this very music groove your soul The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Erick Onasis f/ Khari Santiago, Sy Scott Album: Def Squad Presents Erick Onasis Song: Feel Me Baby Typed by: obi1one@hotmail.com [Khari Santiago] E, niggas thinkin something sweet this year Let them niggas sleep, we'll creep, they'll keep clear Let these little rapper cats get outta control There'll be so many left and right blows and elbows They'll just fold, some call Khari a UFO Unidentified Fly Object outta the projects No gold chain, just cold brain and yo' pain The Bronx run through my vein, the four train Foot deep in yo' ass, that's the code name Wit no shame I sabotage the whole game Wow, and what you got left Bout five or six emcees in the Squad of Def Whoa, E and P fooled y'all niggas Cuz it's in your crock, flock *Business is Unfinished* Circus ass nigga, worthless ass nigga It's curtains wack nigga it's bout to go down HOOK: There's some hungry niggas over here Feel Me Baby We bring the ruck every year Feel Me Baby Y'all niggas wants the hot shit Feel Me Baby Yo I'm in the house now y'all Feel Me Baby [Onasis] Yo, I grab the mic with Kelly, Rocklands Boogie down like Chris and start a rockin The kidnapping style, take the beat for ransom Ask for a car, some cash, and a mansion Yeah, you doubt that and I reroute your rap To ease the "Real Deal Holyfield's" imposter I make it hard for everybody on your roster Step to me, glock nine'll stop ya I love the fame, rap insane When I come out the block get hot like Lil Wayne Some cats in awe, amazed by somethin they never seen before I'm Erick Sermon, uh, go half on it, yeah I'm more extravagant Brand new automobile wit darker tint Sure it's brand new you can tell by the scent Gettin worse, when the air blow from the vent Erick, he aint shit, *I'll Be Dat* Cat, chain hangin down to my kneecap Yo, I'm like a superhero in rap Who be that, Zorro, I mark a E in your back, uh HOOK: I'm the man now for real Feel Me Baby Understand that you heard Feel Me Baby Def Squad 2000 Feel Me Baby Next up, it's the Philly nigga over here Feel Me Baby [Sy Scott] Sy blaze all guests makin it heated like August in Augusta Packin like paxson in a pac ten crusher like bonecrusher Benjamins for no benjamins been jammin dependin jam in On any reggie hand is off like lamb skin For half a man I slice a whole man into a half a man again When I owe I still collect When I call it's always collect A cool lecture wreck your sector Set for to select raw, rip through they vest like raptor For the records they recall For real, for real like stop playin Stop playin like naw don't believe what he's sayin Get cut off like extra pounds on boxes at the way in Kill that like gay men relatin to straight men Untouchable like Made Men Made Men [this faggot motherfucker is mumbling]  wages the war wage in like who It comes to the shit I'm like who In the battle you're like who, like who, achoo Tell Ox not to show what not to do Lord they know not what they do, but they know what not to do The idea, ideal, niggas have no idea how I deal through rhyme skill What, aint no more to it, keep it movin The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Erick Onasis f/ Dave Hollister, Peter Moore Album: Def Squad Presents Erick Onasis Song: Can't Stop Typed by: obi1one@hotmail.com [Verse 1] Macauly Culkin, "Home Alone" lustin Tuesday night we stop by Justin's Check the scene, immaculate Grab the bottle from the bar and dismantle it Who you wit, spot a chick for my man to get She a big body girl, I can handle it Cuz my money blow 'em If I had the voice of my man Sisqo, I could see the thong But I'm not so I flash the yacht master And the gold seal so I can get it faster Eye contact, said my name Onasis Check myself from catching hot flashes This girl is just too much Quench my thirst wit a glass of, "Puffy" punch And that's the real, I'm the realest nigga ever seen Fuck a gun, stop me, try a laser beam CHORUS 2X: Dave Hollister Where we goin, goin How we movin, movin What we doin, doin Who she bouncin wit? "Keep bouncing" Can't stop movin, movin, movin "Keep bouncing" [Can't stop groovin, groovin, groovin] [Verse 2] Yo, same night, shit's right, glide down the block Club Cheetahs, the other spot, uh It should be closed, FUBU had a A-list fashion show I bought the hoe, "you know!" Inside, Deborah Cox, LL Cool... J, broads hangin off the barstools Uh, I'm the shit, I break down to any figure "Trick" 'em you don't know "Nann Nigga" Uh, around the chicks I flash the bread Never, ever get over my head, I front instead, "trust me" Me, I won't risk it I do it all for the "Nookie" like Fred from Limp Bizkit So I snooze 'em, seven day yacht cruise 'em Do what I want to and then lose 'em For real, me and my squad's off the hook Case closed, end of story, close the book CHORUS [Verse 3] "I hate E so much right now" I don't give a fuck, I be like ch ch BLAU! Gettin hoes with asses like WOW Laughin at y'all how you like me now, uh I get the money baby, aint nothin funny baby Carrots are for Bugs Bunny baby To each his own, I rock til the spot is blown Club hoppin, once again it's on CHORUS The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Erick Onassis f/ Ja Rule Album: Def Squad Presents Erick Onasis Song: Get Da Money Typed by: Itsfinest@aol.com [Erick Onasis (Sermon)] Check it, when I come in the place excitement Like a plane watch, take it to Jacob and iced it E coming through in the purest form On some Striesand shit, when a star is born I might rock a fake diamond watch for this evening You rob me, end up dead for now reason I approach those that wanna cramp my style When I ask they be like "Huh" like in Juvenile Crack a smile, say a rhyme thats straight out cold Strong enough to grab you with its choke hold So whats cha'll want, don't dare taunt 'Fore I leave you in back of somebodies restaurant Layin flat with the rats and cats By a cardboard box where the bums be at And one more thing, for those that wanna bite my shit I hope you choke and nobody give you the himelic, DEAD Onasis Aristotle, on the mic paint a picture that would awake Picasso Yeeaaahhh, yeah, you can't be believing it You imagine it, you and to me are both seeing shit Chorus: Erick & Ja Rule No matter what the deal, we get the money money No matter how we feel, we get the money money Without, or with the steal, we get the money money Walk around with a fat bank roll, we get the money money No matter what the deal, we get the money money No matter how we feel, we get the money money Without, or with the steal, we get the money money Walk around with a fat bank roll [Ja Rule] E-Dub, get a nigga involved, let me spit a few bars Of murderous material, niggas venirial, diseases to me And its startin to burn when I piss on emcees Niggas want it with me, who I be? The one that got you ready to run The one with rhyme or reason to bust my gun Whats the outcome, another nigga gettin smoked? Another nigga found slain with a tongue out his throat Son its no joke, I pump lead like bad dope And leave niggas nodding out with no hope I'ma spit various flows, and fuck various hoes Rule, E-Dub, and Short Dog it shows That the niggas with the money get the bitches bitches Rolled up on dubs, deep dishes dishes Niggas don't want it with me J-the A-the R-U-L-E  Nigga I get the money money Chorus Aiyyo, who asked who I be, I'm the phantom With a microphone to blow spots random Got distribution boostin from here to Houston Known for full fledge producing Cats were reluctant  When I came through the spot a crunked it Laid back and funked it, yeah No matter what, I puts in work E, I do it all day, I do it in spurts Suckers lost up in NYC with ??? Fake thug emcees that never did dirt Yo, me and Ja Rule make ya holla holla We get money like minister ??? dollar Us two linked up, cased the bank and hit a brink up Past the bar and mixed the drink up Believe I got major cash (How?) Street talkin like Big Boi from Outkast (Uh huh) Chorus The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Erick Onasis f/ Noah, Teflon Da Don Album: Def Squad Presents Erick Onasis * Song: Ain't Shhh to Discuss Typed by: jostmatt@bluewin.ch * Erick Sermon (of EPMD) Hungry niggas Teflon Lil' Noah E Double T-Mixx Onasis With the [Name] City Cartel, nigga Starve in the hood, what [ VERSE 1: Teflon Da Don ] I was well respected in the streets with no watch Youngest nigga in Tallahassee with a coke spot Used to chill at the dorm where the hoes blow cock Had the fairly new classical Bally's with no socks Homicide know the face, I'm makin 60 a bird He earnin a third, Roy Black on the case Blow and base and a few pounds of pot Will have you found with a few rounds around your cock Around the clock I'm breakin down dimes of rock Tryin to grind my block - once I find a block My soldiers (line em up)  Who oppose (tyin em up) Calicos (fine em up)  I'm supplyin the sights, I'm climbin slight This a New Edition without Ronny, Bobby, Ricky and Mike Who got the Sticky Delite? You dyin quickly tonight Force fare the stick of dynamite Give up the China White  Sssss.. [ CHORUS ] If you got it, you got it, it ain't shit to discuss I ain't move any units, I'm shippin the dust I ain't move any unit, empty a clip in your nuts We move as a unit (bitch) ain't shit to discuss		(2x) [ VERSE 2: Noah ] We the Isley Brothers of rap smugglin crack Potatos, muffle the Mac, I don't wet you The first go round I'm doublin back (Who fuckin with that?) Pull a plug on your cats Put the snub to your hat (What else, Noah?) I keep it real, y'all juggle with facts (What else, Noah?) I keep the steel, y'all scuffle with cats (What else, Noah?) Stayed in court, raised on house arrest Shower your vest, cap boy, but bag powder the best Clap and lay cowards to rest My bottle was filled with milk, regardless if it was sour or fresh I was raised in hell, blaze a l This for my brother doin sets of 20 caged in a cell [ CHORUS ] [ VERSE 3: Erick Onasis ] Yo, E and G hoppin through with Teflon & Noah We all iced out, took the rocks from Boa Yo, it was easy, Gillie up in Philly Caught em at the top of the stairs with Biggie's Mac Milli E, I'm a wolf, funny eyes and all Dark-skinned complexion, stand six feet tall So who wanna brawl? I'm the rappin Feebo Knock you the fuck out over a bicycle Yo G (Wassup?) Let em know how I do I smack you the fuck up, and your girlfriend too So while you're playa-hatin I'm navigatin 20-inch skatin, Eightball in the back on Daytons Yo, I'm the shit, huh? You on my dick, huh? You want my bitch, huh? Click-click now Uh, I'm 'hip-hop's biggest fan' Come through like a airplane when it land Muthafucka [ CHORUS ] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Erick Onasis f/ Def Squad All Stars, PMD Album: Def Squad Presents Erick Onasis Song: Vangundy Typed by: obi1one@hotmail.com [Billy Billions] Yo, you really got all them guns but can't hunt me Billy run NY team, like Vangundy Spit wit a hand in my pants, like Al Bundy Get the wack shit from them, and then from me Billy on CD, then cop it bro Only got true love if it profit bro And I live life hard, you can't knock it bro If I know I'm gon eat, what I'm stoppin for Watch it bro, let me do, the best be who Billy get the most votes like Pepsi do Gutter, enertain crowds like Chris Tucker Talk shit, be a fist up ya, gon get knocked out I'm nervous like drunk taxi turns Bitches be wantin me like they tax return Gotta chill I got tracks to burn, and L's too My whole crew is straight from Belvue If you wanna test I failed you Leave you stiff like a statue, cement you, then sell you Bill spit with pride, you spit sissyfied Bill shot tip hop like Missy died [Bo] Blow my thing reckless, F E 1's will never catch me My sixteen will make you see different like epilepsy Fuck a contract, we bomb tracks, so contact This strong facts, avengin this lyrical combat Wit dope bomb, then post long I'm on the mics like En Vogue song With the heart of lion like Voltron We don't pop champagne, east New York, this aint a damn game No powder here neither cuz we aint tryin to run no campaign I spit sickly, why my scrotum is where my clit be?????? I rip flows and generate cream like Bill Bigsby East New York, you know we lockin it down And all that platinum stuff you talkin bout we droppin it now [Ruck] We like songs to vocals, weedheads to bongs and nodles I'm tryin to get more paper than the Barnes & Nobles The don'll show you, meet villa I'm calm and noble But soon as you break the love, gotta bomb and roast you That's the motto, when I catch that ass tomorrow Wit a luger from Germany, and a bag of hollows Half a pound in the bag of bravos Meetin connects, only thing them hoes getting is hash and cosmos The screwdrivers, crash bar with blue foggers On the truck, DVD, TVs and two ballers And the headrestes, smokin blunts of the best cess Watching Tae Bo, bitch in the back doin leg stretches [Nolan Epps] They bury niggas put 'em on while I'm wildin Born in Georgia, make my way to Long Island Suffer county nigga, fuck a barn and a bounty nigga Never lost but you lucky that you found me nigga I take this rap shit more serious than others Born an only child no sisters and no brothers Uh, but attack it like I got an army behind me Used to run the streets now the crib is where you find me Cuz in the streets it's either kill or be death row And I aint tryin to die I'm tryin to live to see mo' dough Now that's realer than "Real Deal Holyfield" A nigga hooked up with E and got mass appeal New crib, big Benz with the chromey wheel Lovin life, stress free how a nigga feel [car crashing] [Big Kim] Watch out, like The Beatnuts I get loose like sluts, givin it up Easy on these cuts Me diggy dog I'm a hog for rap I break tracks, black, so Make way for the boss, the rap Diana Ross Def Squad baby girl of course Go ahead talk shit like you know All you see is the doobie wrapped through the cracked window Pitch black, Tahoe Ghetto style, microphone fiend since child Long Isl, I'm the black tall star Rippin tracks bar for bar, who wanna spar I'm K I M, behold the black queen In a pair of Gucci boots, frames and matching jeans Baby girl comin through Payin rise on Funky Noble, soon to be global [Sy Scott] Sy get hostile, in thin square time's illogical Rap done fucked up and created a monster Tryin to do with verses, crime watches I make niggas get second opinions from 12 different doctors Watch out I pull my crotch out Technical knockout, make niggas quit like 9th grade dropouts You enlighten me when I'm angry, I'm stir crazy New nigga in rap I don't know if you heard lately Sy Scott I'm the shot like the glock With the dot, smoke on top, fresh out the box I'm, artistic, they all autistic Tip it all to me fuckin with the ultimate Authentic, arsenic, arguments is augmented They agonize on many minutes after admittance The meanest what I mean is I'm merciless like Ming is My mean street mangles the meaningless Seem seemingless when I'm singing I win when emceeing Skim cleaning like spring cleaning Def Squad Mr. know it all *Stick to the rivers and lakes you used to don't fuck with the waterfall* [PMD] Ayo, I don't care unless the game change Don't ever try to erase my name, and I find a rapper slain Lay dead in a train, laced with cocaine You know the M O, still writin like I'm shoppin a demo So fuck a limo, we blowin out mics with our mens yo Still crack your back, still snappin necks Still all up in Chase Manhattan with the E Dub cashin checks Hoodie on and black, with the gat, that go splat For any niggga that wanna jump up and act like he that cat Get your shit pushed back, when I'm, heidy ho So leave me alone when I'm ridin low, slidin slow Chronicked out off the Cali 'dro Mic Doc and E Dub in your grill lettin you know I definitely hold my man down and he holds me Pumpin Ghost's CD, The Lox, Jadakiss is where it should be So when our crew strikes they strike proper When they start sprayin shit to fuck up Fuck callin the cops, call in the ghetto chopper I'm nice with mine, precise with mine When I cop jewels to floss, yo I cop ice with mine The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Erick Onasis f/ Too $hort Album: Def Squad Presents Erick Onasis Song: Fat Gold Chain Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Erick Onasis] Whoo! Uhh, ah ah, ayahhh, ahh ahh ahh And you don't stop, ahh ahh, word is bond, word is bond Now introducin the sound from the ghetto E Double and Too $hort, what the fuck you thought? I come with the ruckus, It's My Thing when I swing I'm Born to Mack, always strapped, with the black gat Who out there I swear boy wanna get touched Roll up, and catch a slug to the chest, so DUCK I talk the talk, walk the walk, now nigga Five hundred S drivin with hand on trigger Crazy Lestat, check my track record Everything I touch is gold since eighteen years old So what that mean? I rolled the blunt  and puff the indo smoke in it, I trip in a minute Crazy holy doctor holdin me cuz I be rockin B Sewin up like Monopoly, nobody's stoppin me Dig it, Funkdafied like Brat, how's that? I stick and move on tracks while I smoke a twenty sack Who said the E can't rock? That's bullshit Suck my dick and get a big fat lick of my balls You wanna brawl? Punk I thought not You might get beat down and stomped like Sasquatch Your girl, like Keith Sweat, I wanna fuck her Psych, I already stuck her Huh, I got rhymes to make your whole head swell up Here's an icepack - homeboy shut the hell up I rock the mic with Too $hort, y'all niggaz know what's happenin Everything he touch goes platinum Eyeeaaaah! [Too $hort] I made a half a million in a week And every nigga on the street got a tape playin me You can't believe it? Erick Sermon, rollin with $hort Rolled from California all the way to New York in big Benzes, G hooked it up Now we trying to squash all that East/West stuff We spent years in the studio makin funky tracks Signed a bunch of niggaz with some tight ass raps It's like Father Dom, it's like Keith Murray Makin millionaires but it ain't no hurry cause we all in it for the long run I won't leave the studio until a song's done And ain't nuthin really hard about gettin my cash A big fat house with a million stashed You other niggaz got this rap game distorted Givin DAT's to the label, straight gettin shorted Claim you gettin paid, but I can't tell You keep rappin in my ear and got me mad as hell You talk a good game but I don't believe in you You smoked a lotta blunts but I got mo' weed than you I guess I see you on the charts in the meanwhile Another face in the crowd bustin freestyles Wishin you could be in the light Promoters pay me ten G's just to breathe on the mic Bitch! $hort Dawg puttin it down with the E Double [Erick Onasis] Shhhhh! You remind me of my fat gold chain Some of y'all are just small change Be a boss with true true game Yeah yeah Dig this y'all, my Music is Dangerous Atomic Dog, coming through the smog with $hort Dawg Ahhh! Quick with the trig Jack be nimble I shoot like G Mob goes liftin through my window Chik chik pow! How you like me now? The man in the mirror it don't get no clearer $hort Dawg, the E Double, and Breed we roll thick Like girls in C.A.U. with the good power-U Owww! Money is the key to fame So I can live it up with the girls on Soul Train The impact, major league dough like Dave Justice Yo Breed, $hort Dawg, show em how we bust this [Too $hort] Like some true pioneers, don't forget it some nigga The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Erick Sermon f/ Daytona, Khari Album: Music Song: It's Nuttin' Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Yo, uh, Erick Sermonnn Yo, uh, huh, J Khari Santiago, uh, uh, uh Daytona, uh-uh, uh Uh-huh, sixteen machines Uh, yo.. yo.. [Erick Sermon] Aiyyo Mark turn me up Watch DJ's in the club burn me up like "new music (?)" Same dog, Boss Hog, my style's Hazard, Duke The truth? I'm big enough to Skywalk with Luke I am revolutionary rhyme ready Phase one mic stage one yo let's go! Jump jump - or feel the react of this pump pump - twelve gauge'n blaze (uhh) Everytime I bring it hard for them niggaz like new whips, out the garage for them niggaz like Here's somethin for those who see past The new MB with the spaceship dash I come through in a two-thousand-fo' Chicks holla out, "UH-OH!" like I'm Nelly Yo, I come with the real front page Like Dame did, homeboy in "Backstage" [Chorus: repeat 2X] Aiyyo watch us do it (go 'head baby) Ain't nuttin to it (go 'head baby) You had your chance and blew it (go 'head baby)  All my niggaz are - move it's nuttin [Daytona] E'rybody in the club better up them thangs When it's beef best believe I up that thang Five seconds or less to up that chain When I clutch that thang and, touch yo' brain I'm, seventeen with twenty inches on Impala Retros and Naughty sweats, out to make a dollar Now most ya cats couldn't picture this, consecutive hit after hit, it's ridiculous, conspicous Talk that I speak when I walk down the street Yeah I walk with the heat and I talk to the beat For the haters, that say 'Tona don't got it Pants stay low and the flow stay knotted It ain't the game, it's the players involved World premier motherfucker with a bunch of co-stars Watch got mad colors like a bowl of Trix Niggaz broke they whole life but still a benefit [Khari] Uh, I roll with major hitters, Dutch and Vega splitters I know what y'all thinkin - it's a takeover The unfriendly zone young guns is older You'll get smashed, need Jenny Jones to makeover your face I'm high because I hate sober Pussy patrol pull up in the Range Rover And you get to know that don't want to know ya (that's right) I hit chickens like I had pads on my shoulders Slick with this, ridiculous Rap bidness you're soft with bitch in parenthesis My sentences'll make the hottest modern rappers feel defenseless, jumpin over fences I'm accomodatin all ya hatin lyricists Spiritual lift, kidney shift Ribs is cracked, lips is split, necks are slit I do all kinda extra shit, heck with it We the hecklers in the front, checkin ya texture Ya teflon don't protect, waist down and neck up I trailerpark and just trash ya rap up Ya want some more? Fuck it, wait until the next cut The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Erick Sermon f/ Cha Cha Album: Music Song: Come Thru Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Yeah - uh, uh Def Squad, combustion mode 610 what? Huh, yeah New York [Verse One] (Heyyy heyyy) It's "Time 4 Sum Aksion" That Redman shit the E come with, what? The rap supreme Naseem Hamed When I hit, the jam comin straight for the head ("Watch me!") This be the song at hand, understand Even though I never rocked the stage on Summer Jam I'm in the lab makin tracks 70 grand that get heard by crazy fans like Stan (hey man) Who like my shit, cause I come through like a new German made, car for the paid VS be the five-double-oh, S in front No future in yo' frontin yo (?) pop the trunk I'm Imp the Dimp, the ladies pimp (uh-huh) The women fight, for my delight Cause I'm the Green Eyed Bandit in the place to be That, shock the house no doubt nigga please [Chorus: Cha Cha + Erick Sermon] Y'all know we come through the club (heyyy heyyy) Steppin like ba-boom-boom-boom-burp (heyyy heyyy)  Uhh - in rap niggaz call me the mack  Cause I pimp the track, heyyy heyyy Y'all know we come through the club (heyyy heyyy) Steppin like ba-boom-boom-boom-burp (heyyy heyyy)  Uhh - make sure my fam got my back  It's just like that, heyyy heyyy [Verse Two] I float like Muhammad, I'm the bomb shit Rappin grenades explode when the track is laid, uh Whatever the era is, the E'll outlast 'em like VROOOM and ride right past 'em Amazin, my conversation blazed 'em I shot funk from here and in Japan it grazed 'em A big dog, I take up space I'm so cold, I rock 'til you're blue in the face (shh) I rock hard, call me a rock star Jimi or Jagger, I rock where the blocks are I come through when my time is leisure In the big black something with fifteen speakers Screwface me? You ain't hard neither Bump your head - just a thug with amnesia Uh - God bless ya My style is so fat, that's why I got high blood pressure [Chorus] - repeat 2X [Outro] (Erick say it) Yeah put your hands up Just like "Music," feel the cut, uhh (Erick say it) Doowhutyalike Huh, rock like this all night (Erick say it) To all my homegirls Do you now - "go ahead baby" (Erick say it) To all my homeboys Get money, and keep it real, one The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Erick Sermon f/ Marvin Gaye Album: Music * Song: Music Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash * originally from "What's the Worst That Could Happen?" soundtrack [Gaye] Just like music.. [Sermon] Uh-huh, aiyyo yo, uh-huh yeah yeah, uh uh uh There's no doubt, no doubt, no doubt, uh Worrdd up.. [Gaye] Ahhh babyyy.. [Gaye] Just like music.. [Sermon] To relax my mind, so I can be free And ab-sorb sound that keep me 'round Doin my thang, constantly with no worries Peace to Keith Murray.. ("just like music") To keep me flowin and keep me goin and keep me growin, and keep me the E from knowin What happens out there, is not my concern You wanna die it's not my turn ("just like music") To do somethin to me like jump in the Mercedes On the highway, doin over eighty Without music baby.. ("Oww! I'll go crazy.. just like music") Make me call my homey on the phone Like there's somethin new out, that got me in the zone Just that feelin, got me I wish music can adopt me ("just like music") [Chorus: Marvin Gaye] Turn on some music, I got my music Turn on some music, I got my music Turn on some music, I got my music Turn on some music, I got my music - just like music [Sermon] Put me in the mood with my woman Got me in the ear, sayin sweet nothings Make love come out the mouth, no frontin Like all of a sudden, ("just like music") Takin away your worries and cares Any problems, music'll be right there Together match yo, we a perfect pair Is that true Marvin? ("Yeahhhhh! Music") Yo, to get you to bang this Body soul-snatcher, universal language It be the light, so open up This is it, what the fuck? ("just like music") One fly tune That have black and white vibe in one room No confrontation, parlay all night It's just the sensation ("just like music") [Marvin Gaye] Music is the soul of the man Music makes a, happy day Music makes a, cloud flow by baby Your music is my tears in-side my eyes (just like music) Your music makes me want to sing Girl music, is a joy to bring (just like music) Music is my heart and soul, more precious than gold (Turn on some music, I got my music) Happiness for days, justice all the way (Turn on some music, I got my music) I love your music baby (I got my music) (Turn on some music, I got my music - just like music) Hey (la-da-da-da-daaaa-dah-dah-dahh) doo-doo, doo-doo-doo Turn on some music (la-da-da-da-daaaa) turn on some music Just like music (la-da-da-da-daaaa-dah-dah-dahh) doo-doo, doo-doo-doo Turn on some music (la-da-da-da-daaaa) turn on some music Just like music (la-da-da-da-daaaa-dah-dah-dahh) doo-doo, doo-doo-doo Turn on some music (la-da-da-da-daaaa) turn on some music Just like music.. {*fades out*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Erick Sermon f/ Keith Murray, Redman, Sy Scott Album: Music Song: Now Whut's Up Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Keith Murray] Yo - now when you hear the name Keith Murray don't think violence That's nonsense, me and Meth, put that to silence I'm a product of the streets master of the breaks and beats Lyrically headstrong and can't be beat Triple-minded mentally-combineded underground pirate Microphone tyrant, always comin sideways and topsy turvy, lyrical crash-up derby Come, Filthy McNasty, pretty gritty dirty (uh-huh) Lyrical sayin MC slayin, "Hip Hop Quotable" Unquotable sociable thirty-eight caliber style swayin Open your mind to visualize what I'm sayin The products of the streets don't be playin It's a bloody ambush like a dirty douche in ya tush when I push push up in ya bush Superstar status, break off beats the baddest Style's the baddest, bring extra clips to stop the madness [Chorus: Erick Sermon] Yo, we in the place - now what's up? DJ pick up the pace - now what's up? Gyrate, feel the bass - now what's up? What the deal, huh - now what's up? [Erick Sermon] Aiyyo we ain't playin fair no more, there's somethin new in store A +Hot Boy+ but not from the _504_ New technique to rock the mic, uh Lyrical "Blade" sharp like Wesley and N'Bushe Wright Soundbombin - could be a catastrophe, uh When NASA blast off, Flex blast off me E-vincible, rap round your left ventricle So let's be sensible E tempermental, quick to dismember you Wyclef that "November" you They wish they can do (uh) what I can do If you could switch brains you would, wouldn't you? My style is Mike, Vince, Earvin Jordan, Carter, Julius, servin MC's at will I'm trickery, Lou ain't stickin me A curveball, Mark ain't hittin me [Redman] Yo, rapid gunfire destroy ya boys and unemploy some Put the headphones on your kid like Castor Troy's son Darts'll damage ya dogs, where the U-Haul in my truck The camera installed, hand upon my balls Call the morgue I'm killin 'em Even Kyle is not feelin 'em when I drill 'em with skills of ten Eminems You feminine, don't even call my name I stay locked down walkin with a ball and chain Put the mac where you tongue at, I don't that These young cats'll get thumbtacked and sent where Big Pun at Smoke so much the doc asked where my lung at I took it out to stash my gun, son run that Pop mega shit, I pop mega clips Fuck a system, I keep the heat where your Sega sit Then I bang the controller, 'til the game say over In the Bricks we'll stick ya when ya plane lays over [Sy Scott] Yo, y'all know me Maniacs and addicts add it, at it Venomous addict snakebiter, I the, at it Cause I'm a little odder, at it In the Ac' with the aircraft and then leave inactive My, alter-ego make niggaz alter their egos I flow and turn the East coast to one big creep show South premisy, Filthy-delphia pistol bangers Pistol changin, pistol bangin I lift metal like Lithuanians Two-thousand nail me Sy Scott rap's new insanian It's humane punish ya mayn 'til no skeletal remains remain remain mainly main to bitten manmade disease that's made by man Crackin the DNA code to see how God made man I storm the mainland, scare MC's like slavehands Put microchips in they wristbands and make 'em raindance Lay hands like Mike Strahand Puttin ya face and hands in Ace bands Tryin to lift more than ya waistband I travel every shinin sea, sea and land to finally see when niggaz land In the error era wherever, forever no error Easily cut niggaz careers down like ever Ever forever and ever, don't you ever fuck with Sy, Khi and Erick when we come together, what? The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Erick Sermon Album: Music Song: I'm That Nigga Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash This is a world, world, world, world world world Premier, premier, premier, premier [Erick Sermon] Yo, yeah, Def Squad baby, what? 2002, yeah Underground Hip-Hop, only, nuttin commercial 'bout this Yo, I'm Moses the Lawgiver Let's suppose I flow like the river when I deliver Sssssss - poison snake, words that quiver Yep the face Michael saw was me up in the mirror, boo Stand clear when the E is rappin Like, Martin and D, "What's the Worst Can Happen?" Brooklyn can start cappin, Uptown can start robbin Bronx can tell the tale, and start back mobbin Queens, gangsta lean with green Word to Shaolin, I represent for Long Island Brand new with revenue my crew puts it down I'm the man you never knew, who holds the crown I'm the KING - psych, that's Run and D I ruled everything from eighty-eight to ninety-three My Squad ruled after me, mo' better Then the game locked me down like Nelson Mandela Now I'm back with a vengeance like who killed my father in some karate flick, with a roundhouse kick I'm built for this shit like the pyramids in Egypt I'm so cold I touch hot water and freeze it E I rock with the blood of Jesus Cover my body my technique is MURDA, Irv Gotti This lyrical seminar got my signature written in black, gangsta what the hell you think? Def Squad baby baby, +Double Trouble+ "Wild Style" My gun goes - BLAOW BLAOW - soundin like an M-80 And those comin for mine without consent leave you bent like a block of hash from Ken's stash I'm important to rap like Grandmaster Flash I'm the reason why Benz made the E-Class Kiss my ass, y'all just communists Got the Soviet Union bombin this Yo I use my real name - cause I'm that nigga Thirteen years in the game - cause I'm that nigga Yo I still rock the same - cause I'm that nigga Uh-huh, I rap insane - cause I'm that nigga Aiyyo don't mess around - cause I'm that nigga Huh, I bring it to your town - cause I'm that nigga Blow a pound with the windows down - cause I'm that nigga Yo I'm straight underground - cause I'm that nigga [Erick Sermon] Yo the rap male (?), the highest priest Step into the club, niggaz be like "PEACE!" I got respect, every time I hit the street If you don't like me - good, fuck with the beat Yo, he'll hang witcha, and do his thang witcha Blast him loud as hell, he'll bang witcha That's my nigga, we get down from "How High" to "Get Lifted", down to "Golddigger" Yo, I am that monumental The rap superstar with mad credentials Yo, I rip over instrumentals to make you squint your eyes like orientals A, high school diploma, mastered the art of music It's my title, doma That's spanish for "gimme that" for those wondering When I speak, lightning and thundering, uh Me and Redman be up in Hell's Kitchen daily I see a few rap cats around there barely Scared to get out the car While I keep it real like Buckwild and Star baby pah Def Squad be the best by far I rock New York then Motown like (?) Yup, my name rings bells (bells) This year I'm confident so yo homes watch the sales {*radio static*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Erick Sermon f/ Olivia Album: Music Song: Genius E Dub Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Banger.. Yo.. "keep bouncing".. have some fun [O] Uh, bouncy bouncy [Verse One] Uhh, flamin hot, game shot Five seconds left, all net, watch Yo, this here be a funky dope maneuver Bring it to your gut with more Jab than Judah (take that, take that) And make sure the beat slam to the canvas Get a call from Vince McMahon cause I pinned the game with a Marvin verse Two suburbs in the hearse when the rhyme disperse Uh, E Dub been real since a fetus Came out with no laces, shell toe Adidas Fame like Regis - made myself a millionaire Got three lifelines, I'm fine, I'm OutKast +Fresh+, my tracks be +Clean+ No confusion, stop the illusion, E's that man there do it, I come with explosive force Sixth time on the cover of The Source A decade, so what can y'all tell me? Go against the grain is seldom seen When I walk through the crowd I can see heads turnin I hear voices sayin, "That's Erick Sermon" [Chorus 1: Olivia] He be the gen-i-us, E Dub He be the one that rocks the house, so crazy (so crazy baby) All my people out there show love (show love) "keep bouncing" Bounce, forrrrrrrrrr me "keep bouncing" [Chorus 2] [O] Whatcha gon' do when you get in the jam? [E] I'm gon' have some fun [O] What do you consider fun? [E] Doin it for 'Pac, Big L, Tah and Pun [Verse Two] Yo, it's too hot for the devil I raise the heat to the maximum level Stop drop and roll, the roof's on fire Next time think when my name's on the flier T-shirt and jeans, Air's the attire Two-way pager, NexTel wire I'm like this seven days a week Whatever, song is made best believe it's freak Cause I - get my freak on, uh, I get my freak on Erick Sermon is so ill, somethin to speak on Yo, you came in the game and blew it Got your rap deal revoked and can't renew it, uh You wish you was blessed like me A child God chose to overexpose, whoa I'm over - that's what I heard But now I'm on your station with songs preferred Uh, I'm top three, in thirty-five states And now I'm eating over thirty-five plates When I walk through the crowd I can see heads turnin I hear voices sayin, "That's Erick Sermon" [Chorus 1] [Chorus 2] - repeat 2X [Olivia] Uhh, Olivia Yeah, J Records .. uhh, Erick Sermon baby On the up and up, uh-ohhh! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Erick Sermon Album: Music Song: Ain't No Future... 2001 Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash "To the beat y'all" -> Flavor Flav {*repeats throughout intro*} [Intro: Erick Sermon] Yeah, peace to MC Breed Def Squad, 2002, uh [Verse One] Aiyyo this sound hard, somethin funky people gon' dance to Give the record a second, and a chance to Hittin people like a scene of amazement Floored by Erick Sermon arrangement Frontin I can never do (uh-huh) So now I'm lookin dead at you, so what you gonna do? You checkin out the sounds of a scholar You say, "Hi E - tell 'em HOLLA, HOLLA!" I'm the E Double, and I proclaim my name Straight up big game, peep all gangs I'm like a rhino, stomp through the roughest pack They figure I'm a trigga happy nigga so they step back E, the microphonest Who last the longest and who the strongest? It's not a game, it's plain to see (ha) Check out the sounds of E, and the Squad of D "To the beat y'all" -> Flavor Flav {*repeats 5X*} Y'knahmsayin? Ain't no future in yo' frontin [Verse Two] I never got caught with a kilo If you ever do, it would never be with me yo I ain't the one to be servin up a ki' yo I sell work, but it's more like sellin beats yo Yo - I never have to worry about me gettin jumped If I ever do, R-E-D, pop the trunk Me and my crew, got somethin for all y'all (uhh) When I'm on the mic, don't play at all I clock mad G's a week, boomin at my peak Everytime the E's asked to program a beat I put it down like this for everybody Then throw a Def Squad cool out party Takin over, barkin like a doggie named Rover (Woof!) I'm pickin suckers like a four-leaf clover They bitin lyrics on the mic cause they cobras Are they sayin E.D.'s? Cause ain't no future in yo' frontin "To the beat y'all" -> Flavor Flav {*repeats 5X*} Ain't no future in yo' frontin [Verse Three] Yo, I'm the E, D-O-U-B-L-to the E and Down with my homey Keith, and the R-E-D and Niggaz talk shit cause we still be disagreein I don't give a FUCK cause I'm from N.Y.C. In the city, where pretty ones low If you ever shoot through my city NOW YOU KNOW We get biz, and we got pride If you don't feel this, then nigga break wide Cats be lookin, for the M-O-N-E-Y Livin illegal, is the way, so they die Cause I ain't got time, to see if things work out Things get hard I'm robbin no doubt That be the way, E.D. can not be different Never change the ways of the world of the government If I was the President, I'd stay fat Leave it up to me, I'd paint the White House black Ain't no future in yo' frontin "To the beat y'all" -> Flavor Flav {*repeats 5X*} Ain't no future in yo' frontin [Verse Four] Yo, I got dough in my pocket, not from rollin If I was a fiend then my gold would be stolen Put my name E, on everything I own My Excursion truck, outlined in chrome Shined up good, ride through your neighborhood StarTec phone, fat rims, and the Kenwood Music kicked around and, can I have a drop? Just because I'm ridin people think I'm sellin rocks Ain't no future in yo' frontin "To the beat y'all" -> Flavor Flav {*repeats 5X*} Ain't no future in yo' frontin! [Verse Five] Yo, I'm cool to the rules of the world Livin life raw, cause I never liked the law Wear top ten on my ass my own jeans Sell the game, tit for tat to the fiends Make much dough but never break a sweat Time to move out? My niggaz sayin BET You got my back and I got yours What time is it? Tear down the doors "To the beat y'all" -> Flavor Flav {*repeats 3X*} Ain't no future in yo' frontin "To the beat y'all" -> Flavor Flav {*repeats 2X*} Ain't no future in yo' frontin "To the beat y'all" -> Flavor Flav {*repeats 2X*} Ain't no future in yo' frontin "To the beat y'all" -> Flavor Flav {*repeats 2X*} [Erick Sermon] Uhh, yo, combustible, uhh Uhh, yeah, huh, Def Squad Huh, PPP yeah uhh Funky Noble y'all, huh uh, Phillie addict uh Keith Murray word up uh-huh Uh-huh, yeah, Daytona y'all Uhh, uhh, Khari uh-uh Sy Scott, uh, what? How we do what? Uh, all day baby Def Squad, uh, uh peace to MC Breed Uh-huh, yo, uh-huh, yeah yeah Check it out y'all, uh The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Erick Sermon f/ LL Cool J, Scarface Album: Music Song: Do-Re-Mi Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [LL Cool J] Uhh, uhh.. yeah See I know how to get down, word up It's so hot it's, LL's version of the East coast chronic Smoke 'til your lungs collapse You supposed to be the nigga, where all the drama at? So ironic, L came back Flooded the market - got your mens on the wall holdin his blunt, too fucked up to spark it Show me a nigga who can do like I do Then gas your mans up so I can rip that nigga too Braggin you goin platinum like that shit brand new I was platinum in eighty-five, what THE FUCK wrong with you, huh? Come (?) L - what you call rocks to me is minerals Tried to throw salt on my name, shit's political The baddest man on the planet So ill when I'm spittin niggaz take it for granted Cram to understand it, I'll switch and write it lefthanded Heat my pinky ring up and leave your bitch branded Got a voice like a cannon - nigga shoot I don't think she really hot, your career is a fluke I'm the best MC to ever touch the pen Take a look at what I'm doin it will not be done again As sure I am the descendant of former slaves I'ma resurrect brothers from they mental graves Make 'em confess - LL's the most rugged God, and no man's above it, gotta love it [Chorus: LL, Erick] DO - get this bread, use ya infrared RE - fuck the industry, it's all about MI - you ain't goin - FA L said it - SO, puffin on the - LA DO - get this bread, use ya infrared RE - fuck the industry, it's all about MI - you ain't goin - FA E said - SO, puffin on the - LA (.. TI DO) [Erick Sermon] Uhh, E Dub on the microphone Droppin bombs - spots get blown So why would you assume my style wouldn't bloom When I rap, wack MC's vacate the room Cause they suck, and that's how I feel I'ma smack down the A&R who signed the deal Then wrap 'round his neck yo' reel to reel So next time he know, how the real feel Get loose and wrap hand 'round the steel Leave you in the truck, wrapped 'round ya wheel (I ain't playin) But y'all front like I ain't it And every rapper y'all like, sample my shit (Name one) I'm nice, and there's no mistakin I threw a bomb rhyme in the hands of Troy Aikman My track record is out there, gone E.T. like maybe I should phone home (hello?) I'm known for the dome bangers Drop any song of mine right now in the club and it's DANGER Scarface, E, LL Cool (jigga jigga) J, never heard it spit this way, hey [Chorus: LL, Scarface] DO - get this bread, use ya infrared RE - fuck the industry, it's all about MI - you ain't goin - FA L said it - SO, puffin on the - LA (that's right) DO - get this bread, use ya infrared RE - fuck the industry, it's all about MI - you ain't goin - FA Cause 'Face said - SO, puffin on the - LA (.. TI DO) [Scarface] You a trash-ass nigga, slash garbage-ass rhymer You switched from the raw to a chart climber And now your shit is blowin out the stores and uh, next month you fin' to go out on the tour but Count - (two, three, and, four) Your records ain't sellin no more And damn - you done spent your money galore Buyin all the stupid shit that your money can't afford (uh-oh) Tryin to keep up with the trendy Got your bitch minked out in all Fendi Bought your homeboy a brand new Bentley And the well that wouldn't run dry is now empty It's simply, cause you wasn't focused on the next day and your next tape you can't give it away, but hey I send these to these niggaz tryin to keep up with the Joneses Everything you see me I owns it I've been quietly sellin tapes for thirteen years So let's get, that, clear You might have sold a few more tapes, but realistically, are you that great? (nah) Can't get respect but I done paid dues Stood on the block slangin cooked up rocks, I'm the same dude I've been the same nigga since I came through Do-re-mi too, damn fool! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Erick Sermon Album: Music Song: I'm Hot Typed by: Gemini_2050@Hotmail.com [Verse 1 - Erick Sermon] (I'm Hot) Open the door, feel the breeze And park that ass like Aj's and Free's But this section's E's behind the rope If your not with me freeze back the hell up (I'm Hot) Dj'd know what time it is Kid Capri, Flex, S, Clue or Biz It is off the lid, spot's type crazy Cats up in here got more bling than Baby I'm not ice rockin crystal poppin The type to rebound with chicks I'm not Rodman I gotta girl with a butt big as Trina's And green eyes but mine are greener (I'm Hot) I keep it simple like add and subtract One color, everything I rock is black Like that black chic black whips Black annex car brand new never ran it I'm hot, I'm hot just like an oven ooooh I'm hot, I'm hot just like an oven ooooh I'm hot, I'm hot just like an oven ooooh I'm hot, I'm hot just like an oven ooooh [Verse 2: Erick Sermon] 1 Am....pandemonium Song comes on Ja Rule and Lil Mo and 'em So hot the spot's outragious It's Ron and Kelly Chante contagious (I'm Hot) Records heard, Dj's playin 'em My words are being relayed who's sayin 'em? Ay yo!!!! we are My name's drama that's why it starts with ER (I'm Hot) I'm by far the best stop the racket I'm a master with a mic and green jacket They can be the traffic write somethin and run it Add a hot boy threw with me and stun it (I'm Hot) Still cats wanna outlash me I'll smash outlast your best MC Make him trash that cd, crash that seat Head bang thru the window when he heard the E I'm hot, I'm hot just like an oven ooooh I'm hot, I'm hot just like an oven ooooh I'm hot, I'm hot just like an oven ooooh I'm hot, I'm hot just like an oven ooooh [Bridge: Erick Sermon] Yeah, everybody in the house come on (Now baby let's get down tonight) Yeah, uh, grab somebody on the floor come on (Now baby let's get down tonight) Uh, feel the music get into come on (Now baby let's get down tonight) Yo stop the hate, appreciate (Now baby let's get down tonight) [Verse 3: Erick Sermon] Verse 3 uh, lights out let's bounce Get it crunked, before the last songs announced T Braxton heat, track I burn While you go left, I make a right turn (I'm Hot) Def Squad no one does it better If it gets hot take off the hot sweater Funklord that's my handle black Breaker breaker one nine right you copy that I'm hot, I'm hot just like an oven ooooh I'm hot, I'm hot just like an oven ooooh I'm hot, I'm hot just like an oven ooooh I'm hot, I'm hot just like an oven ooooh The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Erick Sermon f/ Cadillac Tah, Keith Murray Album: Music Song: Up Them Thangs Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash That's hot (crazy) [Cadillac Tah] Yeahh, gangsta! What the fuck nigga? Cadillac Tah, uhh E-Dub - this fuckin beat is gangsta nigga Word, uhh, c'mon, uhh Whattup Murray? Welcome home nigga Yeah, let's lay it down nigga, gangsta style Yeah, uhh, c'mon, yeah [Erick Sermon] Yo, aiyyo I be the bandit, make dough expand it Army bag full that blow mass transit Cats can't stand it, oh God damn it invade earth like a UFO landed Rolex or standard, you got cheese Grant-ed You still can't hang with the Green Eyed Bandit Your chains tampered, caught red-handed They asked you to run ya jewels and you ran it Smile you on candid, fake thugs canned it Got shot and +Scream+ed, like Michael and Janet Tape SoundScanned it, b-boys slammed it Gots to play my tune cause radio demand it This here's the real, hardcore steel Boogie Down Production, KRS-One feel That there's the deal, Ron grab the steel Set b-boy stance and grab my deallz [Chorus: Erick Sermon] Yo yo watch 'em rings (up dem thangs) Or your cheese (up dem thangs) Your credit cards (up dem thangs) Yeah right now (up dem thangs) Your car keys (up dem thangs) The accesories (up dem thangs) Cristal bottles (up dem thangs) Yeah right now (up dem thangs) [Cadillac Tah] Yeah, playboy we bang if that chain hang with diamond clusters - POV CITY HUSTLERS! Y'all niggaz is busters, Mr. Murder A.K.A. Cadillac and rat-a-tat BLAM! Niggaz be shot for blue rocks, you not willin to die so UP, DEM, THANGS Or the bullets'll fly TOUCH, YO, FRAME Believe me it's nuttin mayn, spittin lead from heat dogg This my bread and meat, picture me starvin Got a degree in robbin, kickin in doors and runnin in stores boy I'm heartless give you the whole cartridge You look like a smart dude, relentless So resistance ain't a smart move, BLUKA BLUKA! Let 'em have it for the karats silly rabbit get nailed When the hammer swingin Chop your hand off and sawed off your diamond ring an' my nigga Murray touch down on it, time to push it [Chorus: Keith Murray] Oh y'all niggaz flashin dough? (up dem thangs) Oh y'all all got chains? (up dem thangs) Oh y'all got diamond rings? (up dem thangs) Yo y'all niggaz know my name (up dem thangs) Oh y'all niggaz got benji's (up dem thangs) Oh y'all niggaz playin games? (up dem thangs) Oh y'all think shit is sweet? (up dem thangs) Man we take it to the streets (up dem thangs) [Keith Murray] Listen young boy this here ain't no game You comin around us you gon' up them thangs Rings chains and watch, and your ears give me the rocks We stickin motherfuckers for they shoes and socks You got Benji's? Up 'em - chains? Tuck 'em Nah, I don't love 'em - get 'em, yeah fuck 'em We supposed to be brothers - oh you tryin to kick some knowledge nigga? Save that garbage and come up out your pockets Before money wasn't a thang, it grew on trees Now my gat is in your mouth you yellin, "No Keith please!" I get another and another, a sister and a brother Who love 'em they momma love 'em cause I damn sure don't love 'em Run up on 'em like - yo, who got the weed? UP DEM THANGS nigga gimme dat cheese! If you don't want it to rain, and feel this pain I strongly encourage y'all to up dem thangs (up dem thangs) (up dem thangs) (up dem thangs) (up dem thangs) (up dem thangs) (up dem thangs) (up dem thangs) (up dem thangs) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Erick Sermon Album: Music Song: The Sermon Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Yo yo yo yo, yo Turn my mic up some.. turn my mic up some.. Turn my mic, check check, check, turn my mic up some Almighty, uhh.. [Verse One] Lord forgive me now This be the best way I know how, to get this out I can't sing so I have to bounce Even though, that's not what my style's about I hate this world, sometimes it gets me when family and friends are not friendly I just don't get it - so I sit home in the bassment lights low on the mic and spit it They plot, to get my scratch Not knowin the time to get where I'm at now In my face, like I owe 'em somethin Handout from me, and never did nuttin (word up) They're mad at me, like I changed It's hard on me Lord, it's wreckin my brain Is it me? I know it can't be So I ask you, please help me, now [Chorus: R. Kelly - *sampled*] Sometimes I laugh, tryin to keep from cryin If I was plain out of luck, then tell me who could I trust See I work so hard, just to get ahead If it wasn't for God, I'd probably be dead [Verse Two] Uhh, I laugh when ain't nuttin funny Meanwhile cats wanna count my money Plan on me, to get jumped or somethin Plot-ting like E's punk or somethin Feels so strange, how I maintain to last in the game, throughout my fame I'm focused man, the E stay the same Hate when folks call me out my name Damn Lord, heal my body Cause I'm mad enough to kill somebody Even hard to trust my lady Did she lock me down to have my baby? I know she love me - damn it's nuttin The world's so corrupt, it got me buggin Uhh, I wanna move away like (?) Y'all feel me - yo, R. Kelly [Verse Three] Huh, yo, huh The game changed, damn I should quit Can't get respect, without havin a hit Someone somewhere talkin shit Got fake cats in my clique But I deal with the cards that's dealt Try to make music that's heartfelt Still doin eighty on the Belt' In the Escalade, with Dolce shades I've been paid, now what's left? I guess, should I stress life or death (huh?) Sometimes I wanna end it all Live at peace, with 'Pac and Smalls Can't do that, got fam at the crib My moms, my pops, my girl and my kids (uh-huh) .. open my eyes So I ask you, please help me, now The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Erick Sermon f/ Keith Murray, Marvin Gaye, Redman Album: Music Song: Music (Remix) Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Marvin Gaye] Just like music.. This is Marvin Gaye I'd like to wish you all the uh, best Uh love each other, peace be with you Umm - I sure do hope you uh like this music God bless you all [Erick Sermon] Peace to Keith Murray [Keith Murray] + (Marvin Gaye) Must be the MU-SIC, that got me in a zone Step until your bones make you lose control Take hold of your mind body and your soul Soul.. (hahhh baby, wooooo - just like music) As I do ya, who ya Run right through ya, like I never knew ya, ooh Stick to your ribs like grits I get better with time with this shit (just like music) Aww man, make you feel so good I rain through your neighborhood, like a sunshower Shine light in the darkest hour Give the weakest man the most power (just like music) So harmonious and sacred Without this, I don't think the world would ever make it When negativity come my way, that thing bang How it sound Marvin? (Just like music) [Chorus: Marvin Gaye]  (*repeat 16X: "Music" - Erick Sermon*) Music baby, I don't worry bout a thing Ahhhhh turn on your music, see my happiness beam .. just like music [Redman] Yo, yo, yo dogg How you doin? I bent my back Lex tire movin on the hood streets, hood beats, drippin down jewelry I'm outside where the crooks meet But God don't give me shook feet (just like music) Yeah, untrained untamed guerilla I'm the one to blame when the earth start goin (insaaaaaaaaaaaane, aww baby)  .. shake it, shake it shake it .. (woo, music) Yo, I can't get in the club, so what? I got a hot dame, bout to make the drawers (fall like raaaaaaaaaaaain - all over yo' head) (awww baby, music) To my deputies, call me Boss Hog When I smoke sticky, I'm able to walk walls And I won't fall, only thing my car stalls But I'm in the hood nigga (just like music) [Chorus: Marvin Gaye]  (*repeat 16X: "Music" - Erick Sermon*) Music baby, I don't worry bout a thing Ahhhhh turn on your music, see my happiness beam [Marvin Gaye] Ohhhwoahhhhhh, your love is music, oh my darling yes Your love is music, awww baby yeahh, and music is my life  I've got my music, turn on some music La-da-da-da-dah, dah-dah-dah, doo-doo-doo-doo-doo! La-da-da-da-dah, doo-doo-doooooo  Turn on some music, turn on some music Da-da-da-da, doo-doo-doooo-doo Doo-doo-doo, do-doo-doo-doo doo, la-la-dah  Turn on some music, I've got my music  (*repeat 8X: "Music" - Erick Sermon*) Hey.. I love my music hey, you need the music  (*repeat 8X: "Music" - Erick Sermon*) Awwwww-awwww-awwwww, awwwwwwwwwwwhh - just like music Awwwwwwwww-awwwwwww I've got my music hey, I love the music, ow Turn on some music hey, get off the music, woo Turn up the music ow, let's have the music, huh Yeah The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Erick Sermon Album: React Song: Here I Iz Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Verse One] Yo! Here I is on radar A sixteen verse burst, the last two are 8 bar Cause by that time, I been did damage The type 9/11, so duke call the reverand Sermon; the rappin Mandingo A mega producer, more drugs than Ringo "A Star is Born," Erick Streisand, the E I'm nice man A rock star while youse a mic stand So everybody gather round by the speaker To hear things clear, the blood comin out the ear I'm a daywalker, the rap be the serum My Squad still Def and you still can't hear 'em If you was a shadow, you couldn't get near 'em Even if there's "Thirteen Ghosts," you couldn't fear 'em Look outside, there's 24's on my Cadd' (huh?) I'm a +Big Boi+, droppin "Bombs Over Baghdad" [Interlude] Here I is, Sermon - yeah - I'll mark an E on your back Yeah.. "That's my man throwin down!" [Verse Two] Uh-huh, uh-huh, yeah It's like street hop, the beat knock I'm what time it is on my clock on my block I'm rockin, I got the Earth in a cradle Youse a baby and not quite able (hell no) "The Ring" appears when you're facin me Death comes time after, some say it's the rapture I'm closed captioned, boy I'm Phil material (Yeah Francis Ford Coppola, E-Dub's the opener) See you at your burial, "Wack MC" on your gravestone Atlanta, I get busy in the Braves home I'm on your head, Ted Danson +Cheer'n+ You forgot Squad is Def, and we hard of hearin (WHAT?!) The star vet got a StarTac phone Extraterrestrial, to see who phone home Got more dough than me? Man stop it Green shit, I got +Shrek+ in my front pocket! [Outro] Here I is, Sermon - yeah - I'll mark an E on your back Th-th-th-this is a warning (aiyyo) "Attention all personal!" Yeah! Come on The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Erick Sermon Album: React Song: We Don't Care Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Def Squad, J. Bleezy! Ha, com-bust-ya-ble, huh.. (AOWWWWW!) [Verse One] It's Erick, I'm back again, full fledged American flag in here so y'all pledge A few of y'all sold some albums, yeah congrats The game in trouble, I must rescue rap Yo, I'm a hero! Sometimes I feel the same way like the folks involved with Ground Zero And somebody owe me boy, I'm dead serious This year my Squad better blow to oblivious Yo, did you lose weight? Yeah, I got stamina Profile me like this and hold the camera I'm alone, so what y'all want do? Take over your faciliy like I'm +John Q+ I rock mics, I Chris Rock, I Kid Rock I rock the house, like I'm RUN!! Rap conniseur, I rock Sean John velour B-boy stance and that's hardcore E-Dub, real name, no gimmicks Your style is over, finito, finished! You a parasite, type lyrical germ You a sucker MC in layman terms, and [Chorus 2X: Def Squad] We don't care nuttin bout you! Yeah, we don't care, we come up in the spot sayin oh yeah Oh yeah, throw your hands in the air Oh yeah, cause [Verse Two] Yeah, I got a track record, I spit fouls E don't stop, keep it grinding (GRIND-ING!) puts it down fo' sho' My figgedy flow is sick siggedy yo Watch me biggedy blow, and y'all niggedy know It's Def Squeezy, thirteen years in rap And now it's easy, I do things to please me YO - I come through so crazy I'm a "Stun'na," like M. Fresh and Baby Got more toys than Kay*Bee, me and my yung'uns "Slow Down," before you receive a summons and get hit for speeding; I break a switch off a tree You catch a beating for y'all misleading (yeah!) Shame on you, when you step to, huh The Green Eyed Bandit, smile you on candid Rob J. Timberlake, I got Janet I'm "In Control" now - OHH WOW! Yeah cause that's how it is, and that's how I'm livin I bring turmoil like Mike and Robin Givens And watch me go off a-go off A yes yes y'all, and show off and show off, and yes [Verse Three] Sermon, the word I preach to ya Control the airwaves so it can reach to ya The underground of rap ring, I'm David Tua The one round knockout, your eyeballs pop out High school dropout, I'm not gon' cop out I did the rhymin thing and now a truck I hop out "Fiesta," I'm down with R. Kelly shit I'm "Supa Dupa Fly," Missy Elliott I stay focused, keep the same cycle Do me, proceed to rock the world like Michael Without Chris Tucker, with no Marlon Brando Just give enough for J-Lo to handle So scream at me, holla, smoke signals Morse code, try a 2-way, or telephone And I give it to ya, all day in street Two turntables a mic and breakbeat, cause [Redman] You got about five seconds to get to the dance floor! {*barking*} You got about, two more seconds to get to the dance floor.. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Erick Sermon f/ Redman Album: React Song: Party Right Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Erick Sermon] Yo, I'm E-Dub the invincible bandit, rock house on principle Y'know? I'm the man and Def Squad's the fam Some say I'm that "Boy" like Killa Cam The on-the-grind pilot's, flyin again Usin my name you a passenger, so keep silent E's what you're listenin to! Def Squad The crew of 2002! Brand new year The Funk Lord is here, the rap George Clinton The Barry Bonds of hip-hop, I stay hittin Ah ahh, yup my name ring bells like M.O. No gimmicks, I been this way since my demo Never liked the limo, I ride trucks and vans I'd ride in horseback, if I had to see my fans Yeah - I come through, in a mackadocious whip A brand new Benz with a mackadocious kit [Chorus 2X: Redman] I heard the party's goin on in there Well let me shake my stankin ass in there I heard the party's goin on in there Well let me shake my stankin ass in there [Erick Sermon] Uhh, uhh, I never lose momentum I keep it jumpin 'til the cops come and get them Best believe I breeze through like wind, comin through a window Me and the Squad of Def, a few kinfolks Twelve P.M. just left the car place Now I'm, back on the block and pumpin the Scarface Yeah, I'm E-Dub, I'm doper than you Spit rhymes, throw 'em at you, new truck show it at you Stay dipped right down to my feet - yeah My underground tore 'em down by the street It's me, the MC, the E - D. O. U. B. L. E., age be thirty-three, uhh I "Get Down" boy, like Craig Mack Stampede like a elephant, I'm heaven sent The E-R-I-C-K, S-E-R-M-O-N There's a party goin on, tell a friend [Erick Sermon] It was me, Keith, Red and Khari Actin crazy, pumpin some Jay-Z J to the Izzo, oh no, my flow is unbelievable, in the game I'm a pro so For those cats wanna set me up and wet me up, I'm on the block, check me up The MC Grand Royal on the microphone know what's good There's a party goin on, buckle (?) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Erick Sermon f/ Redman Album: React Song: React Typed by: janis@betatesters.com, getmine27@yahoo.com [Intro] Just Blaze, yeah Check me out now Yo, yo, yo, yo, check me out now Yo, yo, yo,  Let me hear ya say Uh huh, uh huh, uh huh Put your hands in the air everybody, c'mon Where them dogs at [Verse One: Erick Sermon] Hey yo, I'm immaculate, come through masculine Wide-body frame, E-Dub's the name, whoa In the field of rap, I'm supurb, I'm fly I should be in the sky with birds I ride 20 inch rims when I lean, yo (Hey yo, them tens, nigga) I know, I keep 'em clean though Come through stormin' the block like El Nino Scoop up an Arabic chick before she close She goes, those my people Yeah, them broads from Puerto Rico, them Keith's folks Yeah, watch how the "E" locs 64 Black rags, black interior, shift on the floor Burn out, I do it for the kids They're hoppin' the turn style, the "E" goin' wild Yo, like them white chicks on a DVD Yeah, I'm worldwide, MTV and BET, nigga 1 - 	Whateva' she said, then I'm that 	If this here rocks to y'all, then react 	Whateva' she said, then I'm that 	If this here rocks to y'all, then react [Verse Two: Redman] Yo, do I gotta go ape or go nutty I leave your eye like a 9-9 Benz-buggy, puffy Brick niggas get real ugly Trust me, keep your four if you feel lucky Mug me, I ain't got nothin' but four figures And weed and hash chopped in the coffee blender My shots like squeegy men on your window Usual suspect, I'm the crippled member Get away when I sat down in the office Heat in my lap keep me walkin' awkward While y'all talk it, the doc reinforce it The mic, it's hard to keep my paws off it Yo' bitch is my bitch when it's over No Cristal, I pulled up with King Cobra Out in the Nova, don't bother My Nino Brown bust, it'll shut down the corridor Repeat 1 [Verse Three] Hey yo Red, he's over (Word?) with his shit right now Watch this, told ya Chi-chi-chi-chi-chi-chi-chi-chi-chi-chillin', I'm +Milk+ I'm that kid +Gizmo+, we "Top Billin'" Yo, when the roof is on fire, believe it, it's me Sparks when I rock the mic like Segal & Free When the pen hit the pad, the evil in me come out Total recall for people to breathe I got dogs in the backyard shittin' their lawns We got chickens ain't leaving 'till six in the morning Round and round we go, circle the area Leave the party, go straight to the Marriott Dozy-doe with cowboys where they saddle at Rodeo with 20 fours on the Cadillac What your name is, yo, R.E.D. Crack cost money, but the "E" is free, yeah Repeat 1 until fade The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Erick Sermon Album: React Song: To Tha Girlz Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Yeah, Mega, uh-huh Yeah, wh-wha, wha-wha-what? Woo, uh-huh Y'all stinkin ass bitches out there Squad, uh-huh, 610, Megahertz, what Yo yo sup, be chicks over here Shhh, everybody let's go, yo, yeah "Brother things done got too far gone.  We got to let the girls know what they got to do for us!" [Erick Sermon] Yo, I like 'em nine-ten-tewelve, you know what that spell Done fingernails and their toes as well I dig a big boned chick, but that's just me I like my baby phat, like (?)Amora Lee E-D I'ma sage, I hit 'em with the arrow The girls think I'm Cupid, I'm like, "It's me stupid" Yeah, I want a girl to prefer an independent To do somethin different with her, cash I'll spend it Chicks that got, they proud cause they made it They can't find a man cause dudes intimidated Intimidate me? Show me the money and the crib and the car, that's yo' new Jaguar? A workin woman, attracts to E Don't mind doin for dem, they don't need me so females take heed to what I'm sayin Tonight's the night, and me and my niggaz ain't playin [Chorus: Erick Sermon] Yeah, to all the girls I might take home (huh) To all the girls I might take home (huh) To all the girls I might take home (huh) Excuse me, may I have your attention? Can I.. (yes you can) Can I.. (yes you can) Can I.. (yes you can) Can I.. (yes you can) [Erick Sermon] Yo, yo, I need a girl too, but not you I'm not bein rude, I'm a differen type dude I'm not gonna trick on you, I'm not Houdini I seen you somewhere before you seen me But, but I wasn't hot though (no) No power no mojo, played me like an old Volvo Yo' kind been there (uh-huh) You got highway miles on you girl, so why would I spend there You want champagne to sip then you buy it See how it feels sometimes, homegirl try it Don't stop there, for real Do it again next time when you out, pay for the meal Uhh, already been there, uh, so I'm tellin you It's a "Scary Movie," Tori Spelling move Ain't nuttin changed, same song as "Golddigger" Same rules apply for the same-ass nigga, what? [Erick Sermon] Yeah, aiyyo here's a few rules, don't approach me in any fashion chick, without the proper tools Yeah tools meaning school, a job, things A place that's yours, so you can slam doors Cause without that, talkin to me, no need You're grown and I already got kids to feed So unless you my baby momma I don't want the Dave Hollister drama cause that's bad karma, trick The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Erick Sermon f/ Al Green * Album: React Song: Love Iz Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash * all of the musical vocals in parenthesis are Al Green samples  "People in the house" - Slick Rick (Welll...) [E-Dub] Sermon - "aiight" (Aww yeahhh...)  "As we proceed.." [E-Dub] Holla at ya boy - "People in the house" [E-Dub] Scream at me - "aiight" [Verse One] (Love is) - Yeah, music that you feel good Neighborhood hood, gully Roll through cause it's cool to boost the spirit For the folks young and old and infants can hear it (Love is) - Knowin the rap game is not the same And still I came Whoever killed 'Pac and Smalls, they're lame Erick Sermon, learn my name (Love is) - When I come through your spot With no security guards, just me and the Squad, uhh I got love, a cat got checked by a fan Holdin me down, I got street respect (Love is) - When true fans who don't believe in rumors Real consumers, who love what I'm doin That's why I.. "PROCEED!" Superman, the E don't bleed (Love is) - Yeah, never hatin Everybody's out there is (people) Yeah, why you wanna take my car, so we can be (Walkin together) (Love is) - Def Squad, Keith Murray Redman, that's my (people) Conversate with the next man, so we can be (Talkin together) [Erick Sermon] (Love is) - When the planes hit And the world got together like baseballs and mitts New York's Finest, so I represent my home Hold weight on this microphone (Love is) - When I pray for my enemies If drama cats get smoked like chimneys I'm not dyin for a fake thug who need a hug Not E-Dub - "I'm focused man" {Jay-Z} (Love is) - When your man got your back And, hold you down when no one's around, and Bless that, and get that money And then pass it around so nobody's hungry (Love is) - I do what I do When I can do it like no other to help my brother And, I hope racism as a whole don't walk through life, with a blindfold (Love is) - Showin love to those who paved the way, that's my (people) Politic with Al Green, and now we're (Singin together) (Love is) - Yeah doin it for black and white That's my (people) Get tight altogether, so we can be (Livin together) [Erick Sermon] (Love is) - Yeah, to be able to live With a, beautiful chick and a couple of kids Uhh, with foreign cars, a house on land I'm blessed no doubt y'all - "Check this out" (Love is) - When your man can't pay the bills And you loaned him a couple of bills, uh Now that's real, I come from the heart told ya Erick Sermon, the underground soldier (Love is) - Yeah, Stevie Wonder and Marvin Gaye And that's what I rock every day And take what they say, and then relay When I R-A-P for y'all to play (Love is) - Yeah, God Almighty The Alpha Omega, there's no one greater Then comes your moms, your fam is second And love is, the name of this record (Love is) - Yeah, rockin the house for hip-hop underground (people) Yeah it's only one God, whatever you call him we still (Prayin together) (Love is) - Yeah, for all my true dawgs out there Y'all my (people) I'm in the house, cold lampin, and we're (Livin together) (Singin together.. what it is) (Love is.. love is..) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Erick Sermon f/ MC Lyte, Rah Digga Album: React Song: Tell Me Typed by: tim_timbo_2003@hotmail.com Get this party started [Erick] Def Squad, yeah, Flipmode Raw Footage, uh, yeah While I write y'all, jump in take a ride with me New hummer, no Lisa's, a few dom pieces The L-Y-T-E, I cram to understand and The R-A-H D and me E-D, ah Hey Mr. DJ, give a jigga-jigga back spin If you do like this then bring it back in I'll break ya neck like ya Bus-A-Bus I'm on the floor with a chick that's voluptuous Tell y'all keep the music pumpin' We got the party jumpin' Bartender bring me something Water boy, keep it coming Yeah, out the sprinkler like a Nelly video All blaze one, this is rap phase one I burn anybody, third degree And ? cats like ? from A-M to P-M I'm a M-C and producer Seduced like the Kama Sutra Beyond the stuff that ya used ta [Female Voice] (Erick) Tell me if you don't feel me (so what you sayin') Tell me if you don't feel me, tell me if you don't feel me (yeah) Tell me if you don't feel me (so what you sayin') Tell me if you don't feel me, tell me if you don't feel me (gimme the light) [MC Lyte] The nerve of y'all I spit shit so thick like a swerve on a curb all and murder y'all Ain't shit to me (aha), rap stacked in plaques I'm history, these wack chicks can't F with me We get a rude awakening, B-K bomb, I got 'em shakin' Def Squad, no fakin' It's Erick Sermon and me Niggaz fix ya face fore I fucks it up permanently Hit that, quit that, then burn it a B You work hard for the cash, I make it work for me On my worst day, see I hammer that ass Line for line, let's see whose stamina lasts I'm slammin' ya fast like Def Jam poetry You know it's me, the most ? Bitches grab your notes, send your checks to me Best to be there cause I beat down my enemies, man [Female Voice] (Erick) Tell me if you don't feel me (so what you sayin') Tell me if you don't feel me, tell me if you don't feel me (yeah) Tell me if you don't feel me (so what you sayin') Tell me if you don't feel me, tell me if you don't feel me (Rah Digga, Flipmode) [Rah Digga] Rah D-I, G-G-A y'all I'm from the Bricks where we don't play y'all I fly through ten people like I was skin measles Triple X ready to wreck like Vin Diesel Can't ? the battle, run around when we finished Show the tapes to my dogs like we was all menace Look how long I sit, still big as it get People still runnin' up with that Digga-Digga shit Look at these bitches, now they wanna flip it Tryna rock hard but they better off strippin' Who think they could rip any state group of chicks I come creepin' with a mask like a St. Lunatic I'm a diva by day but when the clock strike twelve It's back to wife beaters, jeans and white shells Pen and five L's, crowd waitin' for ya Comin' out the room, champ like I'm De La Hauyer, dirty [Female Voice] (Erick) Tell me if you don't feel me (so what you sayin') Tell me if you don't feel me, tell me if you don't feel me (aha, yeah) Tell me if you don't feel me (so what you sayin') Tell me if you don't feel me, tell me if you don't feel me [Erick] Yeah, what The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Erick Sermon f/ Icarus, Red Cafe, Sy Scott Album: React Song: S.O.D. Typed by: Mzyeo@aol.com [Sy Scott] Yo, I'm a tic-tac-toe tactical wit it tactician Tit for tat, three bombs on me, we all ticking Schizophrenic, up in the kitchen With a black fifth up against my head, just, click, click, clickin' it We check the barrel and start respinnin' it We I start, medics, start sowing and restitching them My constituents and scorpions poisonous stingers filled with opium Stay grippin'' em, I've got a venomous heart, filled with vigilance That will shatter ten continents and ten palatinates Envision the vengefulness, visualize the vindictiveness I rhyme with Sid Vicious viciousness You be kiddin, soft like kittens My grills are pit bulls they will kill when I say sick'em Restrain me, restrict me I'm arresting resistance, can't be apprehended nigga You got a problem with E If you got a problem, come a holla at me And if you want it, we can get it started Plus I got the whole squad siding with me [Icarus] Let the catty spray and wet up the matinee Smack niggaz with both hands like patty-cake Violate and I will retaliate I don't battle fake niggaz, I'm heavyweight nigga GMG, fam, we gladly hotta Behold the sorcerer's stone like Harry Potter And I'm like harry potta, we scary riders Can't get near the dadda, I swear to God I'll come find where you hidin' Have my high, finding beamers and ninas Leave the area shot up, you hearing me patna I'm a fucking five star general, to drive cars into you Ic' dodge interviews, one flip of the mack, take all ten of you This message intended to, who's ever offended duke Yeah you my nigga, but you could still get it too So don't test me, I don't wanna do this shit to you [Red Cafe] Live from the NY state And I got one question, guess what's in my waste Ya'll got me pisted off slick talk To get that Jacob watch, I'll cut your wrist off I'm in the limo too long to turn And this motherfuckin' dutch taking long to burn I'm impatient, this is a song you learn Make money, take money, and I'm hear to confirm my occupation The new boss of course, the new Porsche I pull up just to murder you niggaz and move off You too soft, Red Cafe from New York I tell a bitch quick, I'm hot can't cool off I twist lesbos, and and guzzling out exos My firearms stick to my waste like Velcro It's R.C. nothing phony about me, with E double the O.G. you know me [Erick Sermon] Yeah I know, you never expect me to anchor I bring it to them so called pranksters and them gangsters I run DMCs, from rappers that's petter piper I am the big apple, ain't nobody ripper man I'm not M.J. I'm a lover and a fighter That's why I'm in D.C. now, looking for the sniper I came in the game with hoodies and timberlands Hard since Cypress Hill been wanting to kill a man I did time, a thirteen year bid I'm gutter E, I'm hanging on the side of crib I'm a fan, but I hate what you're doing Whenever you performing shows it's me booing Ya as soft as your bid-die, you punk now, and you gonna be a punk at sixty Dog, ya need more team to get me I'm a G, and my Unit come through like Fifty [Chorus] - repeat 2X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: PMD f/ Cypress Hill Album: The Awakening Song: Champions Typed by: dalyricalmaster@tupac.com (Intro: *bell ringing*) Good evening ladies and gentlemen This is your main event of the evening (PMD) Yeah, check it, one time, one time, one time PMD and B-Real, Cypress Hill, Hit Squad Yeah, you niggas know the deal Check it, check it, comin' through, uh, Hit Squad (PMD) Sirens blare, niggas wildin' out over chairs The men here, so sealable doors, so stand clear Breath takin', niggas rollin' up with the gat shakin' No puss here, brothers sadly mistaken The chains breakin', back to check the rules you fakin' That's violation, like a Muslim eatin' bacon Much got the beat breakin', faggots niggas instigatin' I'm runnin' with the law while you triple six in your Satan Comin' in blastin', with no maskin', niggas askin' "How he lastin'?" Jewels, with the tool flashin' Blacked out now I'm lacked in, I'ma second win More oxygen, niggas on my jock again (B-Real) Runnin' with the PMD, universal, no rehearsal controversial, no commercial All rough and rugged, you buckin' off at the straight thuggin' Audio thumpin' and head bumpin' Motherfuckers wanna hear somethin', CD's jumpin' Thumpin' the ground all of a sudden In the mist of the smoke I shut it - all competition Set the condition to submission From the contact I'm sparkin' at brain cells through songs and magazines and through the e-mail I'm worldwide, six side, killafornia highs No time, define, no wolfs, we need the blind to the slaughter, I'm baptizin' you through the water Pure hip-hop and D makes you grow like weed, proceed That's right, Soul Assassins, the Hit Squad, Cypress Hill All up in your dome piece (Outro: PMD) ...keep the house bumpin', we be the champions Get the announcements, keep the whole house bumpin' You want somethin', we the champions Keep the house thumpin', get announcements Let them know that you won bitch, we be the champions We be the champions, we be the champions (*bell rings twice*) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Erick Sermon Album: Chilltown, New York Song: Home (Intro) Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash The Surgeon General of Chilltown, New York Has determined, that the sounds you're about to hear can be devestating, to your ear.. [Erick Sermon] Yeah, uh-huh, huh, Long Island Queens.. Brooklyn, Bronx, Manhattan Staten.. Y.O., uhh Yo, E-Dub, I come from the gutter The Ving Rhames of rap, it's guns or butter I make things happen, rappin The game don't wanna act right, we kidnap it (Get on the floor!) Rob it like Napster There's gonna be slow-singin and flower bringin so call the pastor The Roger Moore of the rap game He's 007, I'm E-Double the veteran, the name (Erick!) The way I do it is Mean Joe Green Eyed Bandit, nigga check the pamphlet On my CD, you won't hear the same It's two special guests, and the rest is my name You won't hear the bling, or the champagne - nuttin You won't hear a nigga on the microphone frontin And no love songs, I'm not serenadin I'm just narratin the streets on my beats I'm a New York nigga, and Strawberry's home That's a New York nigga, and it gets no bigger Go figure; ch-ch-check out, check out, check out "My Melody" Bittin niggaz' style that's a Jayo Felony I'm a rap pioneer what you tellin me? This ain't hot in the street, so what you sellin me? That's a bootleg rap, shake dance Duke You a fluke, got proof and that's that [Chorus: Erick Sermon] Brooklyn, Bronx, Queens, Manhattan (uh-huh) Chilltown, my nigga what's happenin? "Chilltown, New York" (chill.. chill.. chill..) It was all good just a week ago Suffolk, Nausau, Yonkers, Staten Chilltown, my nigga what's happenin? "Chilltown, New York" (chill.. chill.. chill..) [Erick Sermon] Yeah, why didn't you make your own music? You thought Down South records'd do it - nope! You're you, and that's them Look in the mirror, that's you, and that's them - find yourself If 'Pac came back he'd be a mad muh'fucker Now all y'all proceeds should be goin to his mother {?} get your money, your career was cute But y'all hoes will soon be exposed, open the doors The Don King of the rap ring, I bring the mic Promote the hype, be in Vegas that night, let's fight! Ding, there's nuttin more to it I'm takin back the city and that key you got to it - yep I'm the first one to bounce Down South A-T-L in ninety-two, I took that route - uh-huh Real recognize real Def Squad regime, the rap supreme, that's my team, yeah The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Erick Sermon Album: Chilltown, New York Song: Wit EE's Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Uh-huh Sermon, Def Squad, no time With ease That's how I do this (that's what I'm talkin 'bout) Y'all holla at me (that's what I'm talkin 'bout) Yeah (that's what I'm talkin 'bout) [Erick Sermon] Huh, I do it like this fo' sheez Keep it so real for the O.G.'s Black truck outside that's E's And it sits on twenty-threes (tell 'em) Yeah rhymin, does this with ease Makin beats is my expertise He can't do it again, best believe I pull a rabbit out my hat and my sleeve Now, take my picture, cheese I'm hot like Craig Mack, "One thousand degrees" My face shown on mad TV's When I come fans warm and transform like bees Hmmm, been rappin before CD's I'm so cold, everything around freeze (brr!) Go ahead, talk about me please You can stop me here, but I'm big overseas [Chorus: Erick Sermon] This here's something so ill Something for the ear so chill Ill this cause this so real I rock spots from 12 until Dig it - I flow this (with ease) Dub - I shows this (with ease) Kid - I rock this (with ease) Yeah - I does this (with ease) [Erick Sermon] Here's somethin that's rarely seen Me so dark, eyes so green I'm so fresh so clean Three-wheel motion, car on lean In D.C., parked outside Dream In A-T-L, parked outside Cream Stepped back and checked the scene Dirty girls up in here, but not Justine This here flow's in my genes Pockets, dough in my jeans Some jewelry, watch might gleam Love hate range, Video Raheem Call me, get my machine Unknown phone calls get screened This here ends bar 16 Yo Erick's on fire man, knahmean? [Chorus] w/ minor variations [Erick Sermon] Yo, I make it easy for you so come on (Erick Sermon in the house) I do it easy for you so come on (Erick Sermon in the house) I rock it easy for you so come on (Erick Sermon in the house) I flow it easy for you so come on (Erick Sermon in the house) [Chorus] w/ variations [Erick Sermon] Combustible, Erick Sermon The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Erick Sermon Album: Chilltown, New York Song: Relentless Typed by: grimreaper@madmail.com [Phone ringing, recording indistinct] [Erick Sermon] Yeah, all day yeah, uh Turn me up, uh-huh...it's serious Headphones turn me up {Recordings indistinct) This is somethin that you need to hear It's cool and capture I feel like Blondie caught in the rapture Rappers and those who try to offend me From false accusations they had heard from Wendy (Hello Erick) I'm in the game to play For those cats on the sideline callin me gay, huntin Don't be the broads cause niggaz Mad cause I'm baggin chicks that look as bad as Jigga's (tell 'em) And make seven figures, a rap icon I'm the one kid in the biz to keep your eyes on Me, Superman, I fell from the window If I fly high, then why drive a benzo In drive a 'lac, in drive a hummer In drive is something brand-new this summer (tell 'em) The operator, I got your number Don't act like I don't flow like water, call the plumber (uh-huh) Something tryna stop the E from gettin large I feel like the Beastie Boys in Sabotage In all five boroughs, I pissed on trees I'm a dog (arroo), ask Rockwilder please There's some fake cats, they talk behind me A few A&R's sayin they won't sign me (uh-huh) Cause they see my face and think I'm done Meanwhile, I'm the black Neo, yes the one (one) While they sign they brother or friend or they man That's supposed to blow, he's a no-show And that's why the game is shutdown Every major player that's in it, been changed around (tell 'em) But I'm still standin and got something to say The boy is still here like LL and Dre I sat down with Russell and Def Jam team I sat down with Suge and Jimmy Ivine I sat down with Sylvia, sat down with Tommy Sat down with Clive Davis and no favors I got booked at dark And this might be my last huh-rah I'ma rock now until tomorrow Some ask about EPMD's prognosis But it won't happen til P get focused I won't be compared to Nas or Jada But I'ma punish the game for it's foul behavior And y'all got it backwards Those ain't real MC's, those is actors Cast of Fear Factor (tell 'em) I agree with Missy No creativity in the game no more It's the same old bore A few people in the biz know what's happenin The fans don't know, they think I'm platinum Cause they hear the record gettin played 4,000 times on every station But at the same time hate...disc jockeys If I'm over, explain how I do it In 2001 I shut it down with "Music" (hmmm) If I'm whack, why in 2002, yes it's true, I made cats react (uh-huh) Source might not quote this here It might not be nothin but I wrote this here Like Eminem said, you wanna be Erick Sermon (that's the truth) But you a generic version (let's go) Aight y'all, enough talk Welcome to Chilltown, New York The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Erick Sermon f/ Redman, Tre Album: Chilltown, New York Song: Street Hop Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Nas sample - repeat 2X] This ain't rappin, this is street hop Now get up off yo' (ass) like yo' seats hot [Erick Sermon] Yeah, Redman uh, E. Sermon, Tre [Verse One: Redman] Yeah, yo I'm Doc, Brick City, know how I rock I'm hip-hop, I live up in the rim shop I blow out my tires then I buy some mo' My car's Ying Yang'n the way it sit LOWW A little Anita, a little Vandross I got two guns to give you secondhand smoke I'm no joke, this ain't Hanna Barbera It's the Bricks, Mandela on Anteras In my rear mirror, a freak approach Knew she wasn't first class cause her bag was Coach She was like, "Redman! Buy me boots." So I, bought her Timbs, and a army suit Nobody want it with Doc, you smell me Duke? Front page, smokin L's in The Daily News Y'all cats big time, but the tops are turned When you in the same realm as, Doc and Serm', yeahhh [Chorus: repeat 2X] "This ain't rappin, this is street hop  Now get up off yo' (ass) like yo' seats hot" (And if the record is hot say one two) one two (one two) [Verse Two: Erick Sermon] Yeah, yeah, yo, uhh E-Dub in the flesh, no replacement I still bring trunk funk from the basement (who are you?) Peeeimp MC, my style's mackadocious Boy, ask her-on who the dopest E - steppin to me, better-a think twice I'm nice, the outcome be "The Passion of Christ" You get ripped, you ain't equipped to rock with the vandal (Yeah) I change your Timberlands to sandals Thug MC's, thinkin they hard When they walk around the block with 6 bodyguards Yo, I'm a big dawg (grrr) you a pup (arf!) It's like comparin a car to a truck What, you spend dough for airplay when you network That ain't fair, that ain't the way the street work This is street hop, nuttin about pride For you, I'ma keep them ambulances outside, you dig? [Erick Sermon] All them rappers that can't rhyme (can't rhyme) What is you doin is a crime Sayin that garbage all the time {*chk-chk-BOOM*} Word up, yeah [Verse Three: Tre] That's how I'm livin, still a gangsta, still a pimpin mack All around hustler, 9 to 5 flippin crack Tryin to stay up out of prison, steady spittin raps Not to mention spittin scraps, don't mix your puddy-tat with that {*meowww*} Dhark Citi, put it on your map Don't ride through without your pistol, put it on your lap And I don't look for beef but don't think that I won't attack Have you in a coffin momma like, "He don't belong in that" You shoulda thought of that before the fact Why a (nigga) roll the dice, lose all they money, then they want it back? But that's a bunch of crap... .. but f'real jyo, don't gamble witcha life, cause ain't no comin back [Chorus] - repeat to fade The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Erick Sermon f/ Talib Kweli, Whip Montez Album: Chilltown, NY Song: Chillin' Typed by: Dopeskill@gmail.com [sample] - I don't care! [Sermon] - Sermon.. [TKweli] - Ayo! [Sermon] - Talib Kweli, uh [TKweli] - Come on! [Sermon] - Whip [TKweli] - Jea! [Sermon] - Def Squad, uh, yeah, Brooklyn, Long Island, uh-huh, Red Hook what [TKweli] - Jea! [Sermon] - Hah, Chilltown.. [TKweli] - Let's go! [sample] - Once again, back is the incredible! [Erick Sermon] Yup, the rhyme animal, a different sample though I change the flow so it go with the music Yes, I'm doing this for y'all amusement This here's serious, look your reaction Kid, you ain't never seen Dubs in action, no A veteran, I flow like I'm young, what Yup, he sold more records, but son sucked! Call me washed up, yeah, talk about me I sound like me, you sound like Jay-Z Duke, speak breezy, I come and touch you Kid, I ain't never scared homey, I bone crush you Watch E do his thing if this don't work come back like boomerang Testing, microphones are o-o-on [car horn] I'm g-g-gone New York, stand up! (I don't care!) [Sermon's hook] Yeah, I'm on the block, man (chillin!) I'm parked by the Rucker park, I'm just (chillin!) Underground love my spot, I'm just (chillin!) I'm in the big truck so (I don't care!) Hah, I'm in the crib, man (chillin!) With Whip and my nigga Talib, we just (chillin!) It's like that, you know how it is, we just (chillin!) And I get the paper so (I don't care!) [Whip Montez] MC, and ma, people call me Whip I'm just (chillin) all alone, no one to be with, man I took long, but I'm finally here The most anticipated chick of the year, cheaugh I came to flip and reverse game every dude I touch get whipped lie my first name, and Although I'm prissy, don't get it confused I don't need to mess with you, I got plenty of dudes Got the caramel skin, on the parallel twin Heads keep turning like a carosel spins I know for a fact, these women are sick Cause these hos can't mess with this Dominican chick Got the flag on my arm, it proves I am the bomb All I do is speak Spanish and it works like a charm I been ready, cause I payed my dues Yo, this goes out to my Brooklyn crew Yo (I don't care) [Whip's hook] You might catch me on the train, OK, I'm just (chillin!) I ain't too big for the game, I'm just (chillin!) I got the whole Red Hook with me (chillin!) Roll through if you want, cause (I don't care!) Yo, Def Squad got the girl, and now I'm just (chillin!) I'm on the block, real tough, just (chillin!) Y'all non-rapping chicks can keep (chillin!) Talk if you want, cause (I don't care!) [Talib Kweli] Ayo, E is chillin! Kwe is chillin! Whip in the house, Brooklyn in the building Blood on the dance floor, sweat on the ceiling When you get that feeling that gun concealing is a hobby Nobody stealing shows like Kweli Working on a new project while you chillin in the lobby Keep it thorough, ain't real, guns don't kill People kill people, but the Sun don't chill But still, I stand cooler than a Minnesota winter Nigga, hotter than the blocks where guns bust over dinners Plus, all the sinners got dreams they running after Working a 9 to 5 now is like you hustling backwards That's why all these young girls in love with the rappers Basketball players, and up-and-coming actors Swimming with the sharks, and flirting with disaster When the things you own start owning you, they your master Yeah! (I don't care) [Kweli's hook] I got the yak in the back of the club, I'm just (chillin!) With Whip and my nigga E Dub, we just (chillin!) Nobody give a fuck about you, we (chillin!) But I smack the shit out you, like (I don't care!) So if you really want to know how it is, I'm just (chillin!) Like audio, (?)tune milk(?) and kids, we (chillin!) Material things that we shit, I'm just (chillin!) You brag what you got, but (I don't care!) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Erick Sermon f/ Khari, Sy Scott Album: Chilltown, New York Song: Like Me Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Sy Scott] You can't rap like me Uhh, Sy Scott, Def Squad (yeah) Listen, ain't playin no games man Yeah, whattup Give or receive, and give or take, I'm an Indian giver I take back what's given to the getter from the giver Nigga give way, give up, you never get a glimpse of the Glimmer Man, glimmer glitter when I trek your body shiver Rhythm I'm rippin whatever I can get a grip of Just to get a giggle, this literature's ishkabibble And damn, dun-duh dun-duh dun-duh, the shark is in the weater Dun-duh dun-duh dun-duh got him right where I want him Now I'ma get him, Scott crack legbones like a wishbone Snap your nosebone witcha chinbone Break your legs and snap your shinbone Put your skullbone jawbone right next to your gall stones 'til y'all all know I got the hypothalamus of a hippopotamus Squashin the retardapuss when {?} rush Too good to be true like fairy tales come true again You wish you was me but woke up and you was you again Sy Scott, you can't rap like me You can't murder a rhyme or kill a track like me You can't, bust aim or hold a gat like me Flow hundred percent, you can't rap like me, nah [Erick Sermon] This here's somethin stupid for the eardrum You wanna hear somethin slick son, here it come You can ask Dr. Phil, I'm ill I'ma kill you, then kill them, then "Kill Bill" Yeah - word to Vivica, I hemorrhage a pile Drop the temperature, 'til the coroner start zippin ya B-ball player, I shoot from the perimeter Two shot, three shot, all into ya On mics I does my thing Agua, I flow like Poland Spring Not from Maine, I'm from New York mayne I'm the Bandit, in the black Maybach in transit 300 pound nigga, hold weight, stop - hold, wait E-Dub the great there's no mitake, yeah The untakeable, unshakeable, you uncapable I'm Bruce Willis, I'm "Unbreakable" - uh-huh You can't replace the unplaceable You can't face off, with the unfaceable Even the matador can't face the bull I'm the raging bull, you wanna shoot, pull E, you can't rap like me The boy with the slow flow you can't rap like me Bang bang, you can't shoot a gat like me My Squad is Def, and you can't rap like Khari [Khari] I throw three like Bobby Jackson, at 'em I'm O.G. like Bobby Johnson, stomp 'em Hold G like Bumpy Jonson, on 'em Read flip and beat kids like Joe Jackson My flow jackin, clack clack, I'm sharp like the claws of Hugh Jack', with hands packin, make you an ex-man Time for some action, and matter of fact Go exercise or be ordained to explore pain And explain, why you puttin extras on In this excess I throw a hex through your headset Settle down 'fore I set it off on the set Let's say Santiago is the best you heard yet (yep) I know, my flow, oh my God, get so, heated that MC's stay away like I got heebie jeebies Ask G's if I G, hit the G spot on your queen Kings get they heart or crown ripped apart now Yeah, you can't rap like me You snap back, get back, smack a wack MC Santiago, you ain't got the stats like me To get busy and tap dance on tracks like me The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Erick Sermon f/ Redman Album: Chilltown, New York Song: God Sent Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Redman] Let me clear my throat! {*scratched: "hey hey hey"*} Kick it over here baby pop! {*scratched: "one two"*} Feel the beat... mmm DRRRRROP! [Erick Sermon] Look, some of y'all had chance to witness Every year I appeared on top hitlist I produced, half the rap world A third of R&B, no help just me (YO!) Just me on the rhyme, just me on the beat Just me in the lab, just me in the street Most knew it, my accolades stacked high Appalachian, Mountain placin them Top ten, I'm rap's elite, so street If you can't recite the realness, don't speak (YO!) My sound help cats through bids Half the industry rhymes on somethin I did I target, one market Underground shit to start arguments about who's dope Hip-Hop kids, like crackheads they fiend for this, like he's a genius No I'm God sent [Chorus 2X: Erick Sermon] Yes I'm one of God's children Erick, I'm blessed with a gift, yeah I "Walk This Way" Run-D.M.C. style and Jay, you see like trust I'm God sent [Erick Sermon] Yeah, I'm on a 15 year spread Retire from the game when I'm dead For now I'm livin, I'ma keep givin this Boogie Down Production for Scott LaRock Peace, to Biggie, Pun, Big L and 'Pac Freaky Tah, Eazy-E, and the rest that dropped {Redman: "DRRRRROP!"} For those who wonderin, it's no other Five times on The Source, I graced the cover So save your opinion, you wanna hear that old "You're a Customer" type flow, when I rhyme slow That was 15 years ago - if you wanna hear that then buy that tape, and hear that flow (YO!) Jah said somethin like you have to grow Can't stagnate the flow, cause you said so I walk this way, cause I've paid dues I'm a giant, and you need platform shoes Talk to me [Erick Sermon] Okay last bomb, so I'ma let this go Been fresh since Doug and Ricky did "The Show" (YO!) And you act like E's not able You ain't said nuttin, put the cash on the table I'm from the era of battle, LL, Moe Dee Who held the mic when you held the rattle But you frontin like E's not happenin Like Run told me, "I'm the reason why you rappin" Feel my spirit, so powerful that the dead can hear it I'm Raw, got the wrath of Kane Look in the mirror it's the man Not the one that Michael Jackson was searchin It's me Erick Sermon Rest in peace to Jam Master Jay The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Erick Sermon Album: Chilltown, New York Song: I'm Not Him Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Erick Sermon] {I'M NOT HIM} Nope, it's E don't trip Word to Cam'Ron, man my Set stay Dipped We rock Nike Airs, the flyest wears, yeah We got Flavor man {"Yeahhhhhhhh BOYEEE!"} {I'M NOT HIM} I'm the Music Man Who gave Marvin Gaye's wife two hundred grand Man, ask Quincy, I'm that dude So please don't get me confused because {I'M NOT HIM} Boy you in trouble Guns pack a couple, a one-man SWAT team By any means, pull a Malcolm House 'em have 'em screamin Shelton, he {"Bring the noise!"} {I'M NOT HIM} Nope, I'm the Bandit That Green Eyed cat, boy from way back Who set trends, the youngest nigga in rap with a Benz Rag-top with rims, that was me stupid! [Chorus 2X: Erick Sermon] {I'M NOT HIM} I'm not him (It's E-Dub, it's not who you thought he was) (He's flyer than you thought he was) So I'm back to reclaim my name because [Erick Sermon] {I'M NOT HIM} I'm a 15 year vet Type of rapper, 15 year stretch The one who made it happen rappin Got it crackin rappin, keep the paper stackin, yeah {I'M NOT HIM} I'm hip-hop elite The one who signed Redman, the one who signed Keith The one who made the beat that locked down the corner Hardcore, that's my persona, geah {I'M NOT HIM} Nope, I'm the E The other half of the group of EPMD And my track record so mean This here underground bounce so hood, fuck mainstream {I'M NOT HIM} You can't get with me I rock spots and leave a TLC "Unpretty" And now it's "Ugly," Bubba Sparxxx scene Real dirty and grimy with the Squad behind me [Erick Sermon] {I'M NOT HIM} Nope, I'm the master I'm the man's man, the rapper's favorite rapper The ultimate, none get close to it I'm Erick, I'm the one you supposed to pick {I'M NOT HIM} I keep it gutter on tracks "Regulate" like Doc Dre's brother I'm Warren in rap, I drop bombs to-day You lay like U-day and Qu-say, yeah {I'M NOT HIM} The MC Grand Royal on the microphone, and New York's my home Long Island zone, where I roam like phones in Buffalo, geah - you know! {I'M NOT HIM} Go 'head, talk about me I don't care since my label dropped me And I returned like Makaveli In a new stretch Caddy, watchin "Belly" I'm not him (It's E-Dub) (It's E-Dub, he's not who you thought he was) {I'M NOT HIM} (It's E-Dub) (It's E-Dub, he's not who you thought he was) {I'M NOT HIM} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Erick Sermon f/ Sy Scott Album: Chilltown, New York Song: Feel It * Typed by: Gemini_20502K@blackplanet.com * Sean Paul's vocals throughout is from "Like Glue" from his album "Dutty Rock" [Intro: Sean Paul] (Erick Sermon) "Parenthesis are for DJ Scratching" Hear mi now rudebwoy (Erick Semon and) Sean-A-Paul) yeah, yeah yeah "How y'all feel out there?!!!" (New York stand up) Yeah yeah (Hocus pocus, notice, yeah) Feel it (Uh huh Squad's in here!) "How y'all feel out there?!!!" Yeah yeah Feel that trend now, yeah yeah, yeah, yeah yeah [Verse 1: Erick Sermon] (Sean Paul) (SS: Aiyyo whattup E. Sermon?) Just back again with the one two and the bassline that's bound to win So (Feel that trend now) it feel good don't it, rock the spot won't it? (Yeah, Yeah Yeah) We doin this early, me and my squad we ball like Mel, Lock, Lem, Lil' Flip and Curly (Yeah, Yeah Yeah) My peeps come up in here and, they hear this beat in the club (SS: Put more bass in this sub) Ok that's love, I rock spots And pump it like drugs on so called thugs (Yeah, Yeah Yeah) Me, I'm low key laid back type of fellow When the spot get hot I keep it Carmello So watch the nugget "WHAT!!" (SS: Somethin brand new from E. Dub) That's bound to bub (Yeah, Yeah Yeah) But I don't care If I don't get one spin I gives a "WHAT!!!" like Lil' Jon and them yeah! [Chorus: Sean Paul] (Erick Sermon) "Parenthesis are for DJ scratching" Feel that trend now "How y'all feel out there?!!!" Feel that trend now (I made it easy to dance to this) Feel that trend now "How y'all feel out there?!!!" Feel that trend now (I made it easy to dance to this) [Verse 2: Erick Sermon] (Sean Paul) (Yeah, Yeah Yeah) Second verse "Church!!!" It's a new sound around you heard it first (Yeah, Yeah Yeah) This hear a make you stomp in Atlanta Walk in L.A. two step in Chicago (Yeah, Yeah Yeah) Chickenhead in St. Lou, in New York man we do what we do everything brand new (Yeah, Yeah Yeah) Sy Scott (SS: Whattup) hold it down While I get my dance on my B Boy stance on [Verse 3: Sy Scott] (Sean Paul) "Letters in CAPS mean Erick Sermon & Sy Scott are rhyming together" Aiyyo DJ turn the record up one time Watch thugs one and two step it love slide (Yeah, Yeah Yeah) My squad landslide like mudslides Can't stop when I move you move synchronize YEAH YEAH, YEAH YEAH, Double and Scott don't play YEAH YEAH The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Erick Sermon f/ 11/29, Redman Album: Chilltown, New York Song: Future Thug Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Verse One: Erick Sermon] Aiyyo everybody hands up Run yo' bling bling, nigga boy stand up It's E-Dub, whassup? Yeah I'm bouncin, large amounts of cash we countin That stand tall like mountains To bring the drama, it takes a second man (that's it) One wrong move, "Bring the Pain" like Method Man It's your boy Damnit, it's the Bandit, new Hummer in transit Twenty-seven inches come standard (YO!) This my people, whether drivin the Benz, the Pinto Or the Regal, the Range Rover, the Beatle (uh) I'm in New York now but I represent the SWATS of A-Town When I touch down amid grounds Me and L-Dub and Redman, that's it mo'fuckah You heard what I said man, that's real (what the deal) It's E-Dub, pronounce it right Eyes green like Kryptonite, so good night! What y'all want? Y'all want this? We give it to ya, we future thugs We up in yo' crib like, we up in yo' club like We up in yo' hood like, we future thugs [Verse Two: 11/29] Where niggaz be thinkin the, Cadillac's on 23's Bitch bring with the DVD's, old school bucket seats South Memphis to College P, Decatur to N.Y.C. Top droppin that Benz 'til it, came with the leather seat Back up off my whip or I jump out and cause a tragedy St. Louis to Florida, from N.Y. to Tennessee Them boys ride 20's, them niggaz from the hay Them boys flickin Bentleys, Benz, Lex and Escalades Them boys ride clean, twist and turnin in yo' face With that chameleon paint, fresh as {?} I pull up in a fo'-fo'-two with E-Dub With a convertible top on the Chevy, we like what Def Squad in this piece, you want it we give it to ya You don't want no trouble with me, I might do ya And tear the club up with E-Dub and that nigga {*bang*} Better respect my gangsta I stay with two Rugers [Verse Three: Redman] Yo, I ain't a thug but I do thug things nigga so hold me down Forty round, caliber spitter, that's how the shorty crown Run with gordy hounds for 40 miles then ignore me now Duck +Motowns+ than Barry Gordy found, sorry clown! Super future thug, 12 shoe shoot you through the rug James Bond, watch on my arm, tellin me who to truck My God's my gun, don't need him since cerebreal cock Beat him size ammo three to five mammal we the Gods that'll shit on your turf, that'll get in your skirt I heard Alicia, so my dick give what a woman is worth I make them niggaz blow... then hide 'em inside 'em My noggin is strange when them dogs is ridin Cause I'ma, cheap fucker, street usher, eat supper with pack of wolves that act a fool, blood on they upper lip Need a nigga, I'm that nigga to call, nigga to draw chainsaws to the brawl, cuttin ya ligaments off The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Erick Sermon Album: Chilltown, New York Song: Do You Know Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Spike Lee.. WAKE UP!!!!!!!! Yeah, word (Do you know, where you're goin to) Yes (Do you like the things that life is showin you) Uhh, industry uh (Where are you goin to) Uh [Erick Sermon] Aiyyo what's goin on y'all (nuttin) whassup? It's a few things you should know so let's touch up (okay) I was once one of y'all, I admit But I never judge a book by it's cover, mine was ripped Look, most of y'all was a first class member And now you're gone and it's past November Word to Wyclef, I test the best to go against the industry, without plan B And don't count those that made it Even those one hundred million bucks still don't equal up Yo, where you live, you got a crib? I bet you got some brand Timbs, car got brand new rims Look, it happened to Prince, it happened to Michael It happened to Bobby, it happened to Whitney, is y'all wit me? Yo, things go wrong when there's no hit song This chorus made for you, so y'all sing along, come on [Chorus] w/ ad libs (Do you know, where you're goin to) (Do you like the things that life is showin you) (Where are you goin to) (Do you know, what you're goin through) (Do you like the things that life is showin you) (Where are you goin to) [Erick Sermon] Second, aiyyo I done checked the Vibe on any Rap Sheet It's the same beefs, even athletes (uh-huh) There's five types of ballplayers Volley, foot, soocer, basket, base - all in the same race (to win) What happen when the clock stop (uh?) Injury, and no more wicked jump shots (two!) ESPN ends... There goes your 2 million fans and there goes your friends (uh-huh) They don't care who you are and what you did You a "Where Are They Now?" VH-1 type kid (it's over) Major fact is, all the actors mad Cause they Rolls been takin by rappers "How High?" You thought you had it all figured out Get the car, get the truck, and then get the house (uh-huh) Touchy subject, I ain't wanna paint this picture But Picasso's dead, so I did it instead, do you know [Chorus] w/ ad libs [Erick Sermon] Listen, uh-huh This is for the nine to five worker, or nine to five hustler That had to make ends meet, in the kitchen or the street I wish drugs was food and water was liquor So you'd kick back, kill thirst and not kill niggaz Every real gangsters dies Tony, Al Capone, Gotti, Bonnie & Clyde It's almost done for you, it's about to end Either linin six by two, or live in a 8 by 10 of sin [Chorus] w/ ad libs [Sermon] Yeah, wake up, serious, yeah Huh, do you know The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Erick Sermon f/ Keith Murray, Sy Scott Album: Chilltown, New York Song: Listen Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Hit it hard Yeah, yeah, when I stick it she be like (uh) Yeah, pimpin, I run up right inside 'em, yeah [Verse One: Sy Scott] Yo, it goes hey you, guess what, guess who gets what I snatch baguettes, you get what you get, guess what Guess what, you get it and forget it like guess what Guess what get done to special guests that can't guess what He goin on when Sy be goin off In the cross my Squad run tracks like motocross I write words I read and then re-word 'em Same word, rework 'em without re-wordin 'em Word perfect for workin with 'em Workmen do homework, men at work in the network workin system Yeah, I overwork, work the middle Work and turn your homework workbook against you In the range of a roundabout ratio I merry-go-round around around the radio Around around and away we go Everytime Sy bust down then it's up up away you go [Chorus: Keith Murray] Now what do you niggaz think about this A jam for the streets that you can't resist So hustle to this, bang to this Get your money to this, yeah listen to this Now what do you bitches think about this A jam for the clubs that you can't resist So shake to this, freak to this Drink up to this, yeah listen to this [Verse Two: Erick Sermon] Uhh, huh E-Dub, I'm known like the Rucker Fucker, comin through like a redneck trucker Nother, man down, call 9-1-1 I stash that so they can't find my gun I'm in the woods like hikers, bikers, campers Antlers, bears snakes and long-leg tarantulas Uh, E-Dub I got balls If I get chased pon' de river like Sean Paul, believe it I'm on the fish neck, like jet-skis I killed Romeo, along with Jet Li And messin with the E be incomparable Get romped like Romper Room, a one man platoon Oh I say, I'm Andrew Dice Clay Filthy mouth and also fuck y'all You wanna get physical we touch y'all Haters we appreciate the love so - thank you very much y'all [Verse Three: Keith Murray] Last but not least, Keith wreck shop comfortably When I flow, I fuck up your street credibility Def Squad get busy often When it comes to chicks we got more tricks than a dolphin You see the new E-Dub spin when I pull up Ecko sweatsuit with the hood up This shit is so hot you could cook an egg on it So I sunny-side up, buttered toast my opponents I take the drama to the middle of the street Or any nigga that's feelin himself like Tweet Kid you sonned out, let me speak to your father Matter of fact, hold these here, and don't even bother We come through with the nines poppin Niggaz get so quiet, you can hear rats pissin on cotton So you see there's nothin furthermore to say Aiyyo Busta, "Pass the Courvoiser" The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Erick Sermon Album: Chilltown, New York Song: Can U Hear Me Now Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Yo, this what hip-hop is comin to? You can say whatever on the mic and when? Let me see if you can hear me now when I'm doin this Uh-huh, uh-huh, yeah, E. Sermon and ("Kurtis Blow!") Can you hear me now? Good Can you hear me now? Good ("Turn it up!") Don't take this serious ("One, two, three four hit it!") [Erick Sermon] Yo check one two, mic's on I'm well known like the Osbournes Me - I love Kelly See us both in the bed man, touchin bellies This here "Pimp Juice," I got from Nelly I got "Punk'd," show it on the telly, damn My eyes green like Yoda, get cream like soda Two thousand ("FOUR") means a brand new motor Phoenix, capitol of Arizona But that means nuttin, I'm just sayin somethin Spare the moment them niggaz is suspect I took a line from Keith Murray off his first cassette I never took my dog to the vet And I download songs off the net But you would rather hear some rapper brag Meanwhile, bombs bein dropped over Baghdad [Chorus: repeat 2X] Can you hear me now? Good Can you hear me now? Good ("Turn it up!") Can you hear me now? Good - Can you hear me now? Good Can you hear me now? Good [Erick Sermon] Check it, yo it's Erick I'm down by law ("TWO") plus ("TWO") equals ("FOUR") I got no time to razzle and dazzle I'm in the crib with dad playin Scrabble I'm usin words like rat, cat Cheating cause I wrote down Brat And Brat's a rapper and you can't use names Oh yeah, the Lakers lost last night's game I caught me a flick I saw X-Men 2 "Where My Dawgs At?" I'm a X fan too I'm black like Kunta, my girl got the badoonka Let me introduce ya ("Hi I'm Big Sexy") And this ain't got shit to do with nuttin I'm on the microphone frontin But this here wins, so I'ma say whatever to get spins I got a Benz with rims, uh [Erick Sermon] Uh, so mean, never seen the green, knahmean? This jump off need two trampolines Rock hard jeans sag low, new Timberlands I works it like Missy and Timbaland Cuban link chain hang E emblem Chick 'round me multiplyin like Gremlins Word to my momma, I bring drama Like Osama, I'ma problem, period comma I come through with the Bizkit, Limp'n The Underground Kingz in the building, pimpin Oh no, they must be feelin me Pinch me now, this don't feel real to me Oh yeah, it's my son's communion Next month is my fan's reunion Write this down in your pad I'm thirty-("FOUR") and a half, and yeah I'm a Sagg' [Chorus] w/ ad libs to fade The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Erick Sermon f/ KRS-One Album: Breath of Fresh Air Song: Clout Typed by: Gemini_20502K@Yahoo.com [Intro: Erick Sermon] (KRS-One] S! Sermon! Blastmaster! (YO!) [Verse One: KRS-One] (Erick Sermon) I look like an emcee, talk like an emcee Walk like an emcee New York type of emcee Pockets never empty rockets, plenty You already forget them but you ain't forget me Clubs I rock many, in fact, any That shit talk they talkin could never affend me  I worked for mine, even got jerked for mine Back in '89 I used to work the nine But it led to crime and too many cats doin time If you into that fine but I'm not I rhyme You know, you cats runnin from the law too much That means you either got greedy or you saw too much You know the streets like the back of your hand Back of your palm the problem is the cash in your palm I do what I have to do, you laugh at me I laugh at you You after me I'm after you You not passin me I'm passin you You not askin me I'm askin you You not blastin me man I'm blastin you Blastin through, got the whole senior class graspin you Ask your crew, who commands more street soldiers than the Blastmaster do I'm the last to the true, now who you?! Some sensitive new jack awww come here boo boo! This type of emceein you might not be use to I'll bruise you (YEAH!) Get under your skin like tattoos do This God, you don't choose me I choose you My vocabulary will confuse you (Tell 'em) Like the news do, my Benz is new too I be on padded cells like I'm coo coo (UH!) Callin up my nation which is Zulu NOW WHO YOU?!! [Verse Two: Erick Sermon] I'm Sermon yes your determined (UH HUH!) I'm the best and no need contestin Sermon confirmin you Mark Furman lyin, stop sighin Before you end up in Zion, stop cryin You dyin nigga, you a hoe Hit the flo' when I blast the trigga E Dub not Nas but I'm a nasty nigga The type that leave ya floatin in the Hudson River, I'll deliver Like take out food direct to your door step You ain't seen no types of hardcore yet (No!) You ain't, shot the five or the four yet (No!) You ain't sliced from the ear to the jaw yet What you doin right there that's fag (That's fag!) And you claimin to havin all this swag Swag don't rhyme (Uh huh)  Swag don't get you in the hall of fame or fap, at least not mine Swag don't shine them diamonds  Blindin the fact that you wack, and shouldn't be rhymin It's bad timin for you newcomer You ain't me motherfucker! You hot for the summer! You like Joe Plumber gettin stopped by Barack Tryin to dominate the spot, and end up shot Then it's, slow singin and flower bringin Cell phone ringin 9-1-1 for closure it's over [Chorus: Erick Sermon] (KRS-One) C to the L to the O-U-T  He's Blastmaster KRS-One I'm E (YO!) Dub got clout (Blastmnaster) that's clout E Dub got clout (Blastmaster) that's clout The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Erick Sermon  Album: Breath of Fresh Air Song: What Happened Typed by: Gemini_20502K@Yahoo.com [Intro: Sample from "Dead This Time" by Bounty Killer] No big deal no big deal! God intend yuh gonna feel! Gone like him heaven him chest must fi mek outta steel! YEAH YEAH! YEAH YEAH YEAH! YEAH YEAH! [Chorus: Sample from "Wanksta" by 50 Cent, "Stunt 101" by G-Unit] D-Damn homey, the fuck happened to you? ("50 Cent") Kids used to look up to you, what happened? ("Lloyd Banks") Damn homey, the-the fuck happened to you? ("50 Cent") Kids used to look up to you, what happened? ("Lloyd Banks") [Verse One: Erick Sermon] (Sample from "Dead This Time" by Bounty Killer) Huh! I see you comin through where's your applause I seen niggas man where's your broads? Talkin to you playboy number one celebrity With the cars goin back like the 70's You had fans, Facebook, plus tweets it was sweet Enough followers for you to eat But now I'm Mr. Nice Watch got your spot Like a parkin lot, he outside with the drop (OKAY!!! THAT'S RIGHT!!!) With that same old video vixen In that same spot where you used to be sittin, huh? Now your standin there with that so called swag And you wanna represent with the flag But you ain't even active But that live nigga shit look attractive, so you start actin Now you a killer why your pants so skinny You can't hold that glock so where you puttin that semi? [Chorus: Sample from "Wanksta" by 50 Cent, "Stunt 101" by G-Unit] D-Damn homey, the fuck happened to you? ("50 Cent") Kids used to look up to you, what happened? ("Lloyd Banks") Damn homey, the-the fuck happened to you? ("50 Cent") Kids used to look up to you, what happened? ("Lloyd Banks") [Verse Two: Erick Sermon] (Sample from "Dead This Time" by Bounty Killer) Uh! Yeah! You wanna be a Bad Boy hit Mase up 'Cause you ain't cuttin it tattoo in your face up And you too got a chopper in the car huh?! Your star didn't make it that far NAH!!!! That's new shit your ship sinkin No table you at the bar mixed drinkin Thinkin I used to make over six digits Song on the radio like every six minutes (YEAH YEAH!!!) You was like everywhere you was on everything HUH! Now it's gone left like a wedding ring Your career was last year Well you ain't get the memo motherfucker when Craig Mack was here?! Yeah! You had no plan when it hits ya Strike three you couldn't dodge the picture CHEESE! Now you get the picture Not me but somebody will miss ya [Chorus: Sample from "Wanksta" by 50 Cent, "Stunt 101" by G-Unit] D-Damn homey, the fuck happened to you? ("50 Cent") Kids used to look up to you, what happened? ("Lloyd Banks") Damn homey, the-the fuck happened to you? ("50 Cent") Kids used to look up to you, what happened? ("Lloyd Banks") [Outro: ?] Why you put the strain on me? Uh! Yeah! They blind now I can see Uh! Your intuition don't work on me Uh! I'm like yo!!! Hey!! When you first got in the game Everybody knew your style your name Now you did a 360 and now you changed Your career don't poppin you to blame Yeah! Uh! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Erick Sermon f/ Rick Ross Album: Breath of Fresh Air Song: Ain't Me Typed by: Gemini_20502K@Yahoo.com [Intro: Erick Sermon] Check one, two, ummm...yeah...huh...yeah..huh Yeah! Long Island! Huh! Listen! [Verse One: Erick Sermon] Yeah! I be gettin looks and such when I be walkin Able to bag any chick, when I start talkin Even white boys be sayin yo E's awesome Yeah I got jewels but no need to floss 'em And I got friends got no need to cross 'em Or Rick Ross 'em that means to boss 'em I love the world so I take flights often And I'm goin anywhere don't matter what the cost and... My life's a movie, you tryin to make one (HUH!) Up in the club with Bus shootin the fake one No director, but you got extras Chick define textures, all up in your sectors 'Cause sure you ain't fly, but that's what I be lookin at My boy was in the spot, where your chain got tooken at Live from the streets ain't no need to C-Span The most respected, remember you ain't me man [Chorus: Erick Sermon] (Sample from "Don't Look Any Further") When I walk in the place they like (OH!) Flash my cash the girls be like (AHHHHH!!!!) 'Cause I be doin it (WELL! WELL! WELL! WELL! WELL!) I'm a tell you one time, remember you ain't me man 'Cause you don't cash them checks, you can't look this fresh Mostly in 550 you don't fly this jet E'vrything brand new you ain't seen this yet I'm a say it one time, remember you ain't me man [Verse Two: Erick Sermon] I'm on top of the game no tops on the car Low top Louis untied no socks On top of your bitch, she holla off top Dope top of the line see the shine on the top Hundred chickens in the kitchen I'm addicted to the (Smell!) Every hundred thousand digits boy stop it (Inhale!) Big Coupes in the front (Front!) The boats in the back (Back) Pool on the roof (What!) Smokin anthrax  Money don't stop (Stop!) Gunners on lock (Lock!) The range for the cops so your woman gettin shot (OWWWWW!!!!) Nobody move and nobody gettin murdered I talk big money 'cause that boy gettin word Money come in bags (Bags!) Count it on the floor 'Til we take it to the club and we pourin on a hoe And they bring it back to me they know that daddy love his dough Get the powder up their nose they know that daddy got a load [Chorus: Erick Sermon] (Sample from "Don't Look Any Further" by Dennis Edwards & Siedah Garrett) When I walk in the place they like (OH!) Flash my cash the girls be like (AHHHHH!!!!) 'Cause I be doin it (WELL! WELL! WELL! WELL! WELL!) I'm a tell you one time, remember you ain't me man 'Cause you don't cash them checks, you can't look this fresh Mostly in 550 you don't fly this jet E'vrything brand new you ain't seen this yet I'm a say it one time, remember you ain't me man [Verse Three: Erick Sermon]: Enough with that now, back to the feature No campaign or change for this speaker Yes I can I'm a do it 'til I'm older Somewhere around 50, MJ or Oprah Russell Simmons, Madonna, Chuck D or Bono Fly motherfucker and they don't ask condos Somewhere up in midtown, up in Times Square When nobody around but me and that there (HUH!) It could be a maid (Yeah!) It could be a butler (YES!) It could be a chick (HUH!) She could be a hustler I'm somethin like Larry, Flint but tougher No wheelchair, it's a Leer Jet plusher All haters suffer, that's me sayin that  Don't make a mistake man 'cause I ain't okayin that Way before Wayne you could bet, I was stayin strapped Now I'm up in Ceaser, craps where I'm playin at [Chorus: Erick Sermon] (Sample from "Don't Look Any Further" by Dennis Edwards & Siedah Garrett) When I walk in the place they like (OH!) Flash my cash the girls be like (AHHHHH!!!!) 'Cause I be doin it (WELL! WELL! WELL! WELL! WELL!) I'm a tell you one time, remember you ain't me man 'Cause you don't cash them checks, you can't look this fresh Mostly in 550 you don't fly this jet E'vrything brand new you ain't seen this yet I'm a say it one time, remember you ain't me man The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Erick Sermon f/ Ryze, Twon Gabz Album: Breath of Fresh Air Song: Fix Your Face Typed by: Gemini_20502K@Yahoo.com [Intro & Chorus: Twon Gabz] 'Fore the game you say I lost When I won you look crazy with your eyes crossed Uh! Here's a towel to wipe your brow off And while you at it wipe your nose and your mouth off 'Cause I'm a throw it in your face nigga, it's in your face Now you got it on your face nigga, it's on your face I'm a throw it in your face nigga, it's in your face Now you got it on your face nigga, go fix your face [Verse One: Twon Gabz] They say Twon will never make it no way (No way) 'Cause all I did back in the day was push yay (Yay) Now I'm writin out my own screenplay Scored by Erick Sermon he the east coast Dre (Sermon!) Hey! (Hey!) I came from nothin never had alot (Never had alot) Was at the bottom so long ain't know it had a top (Uh uh) Just a young Geto Boy who used to Rap-A-Lot (Rap-A-Lot) Dreamin to workin my number like combination locks (Yeah!) Peg dead by twenty one at the age of six (Six) Lookin back I made it bitch with no eight to six (Nah) I say Allah U Akbar 'cause I prayed and wished (Allah U Akbar) That my music could get leaked like takin a piss They say prom queen qill never let me have none  Yeah right! Nigga where you think she got that gap from?! Told me Twon G. you got bad management Whatever! But somehow I still manage to win [Chorus: Twon Gabz] 'Fore the game you say I lost When I won you look crazy with your eyes crossed Uh! Here's a towel to wipe your brow off And while you at it wipe your nose and your mouth off 'Cause I'm a throw it in your face nigga, it's in your face Now you got it on your face nigga, it's on your face I'm a throw it in your face nigga, it's in your face Now you got it on your face nigga, go fix your face [Verse Two: Erick Sermon] Huh! Erick Sermon, I'm what you call a icon You a big snake nigga like a python 'Cause that shit they doin you could find, in a app Download it, I bet you it could show you how to rap (Uh huh!) And tell you when you write lines make sure you rhyme back Make sure you keep it fiction 'cause nobody want that (NAH!!!) Keep your pants hangin low, with a baseball cap With a fat gold chain and a body full of tatts (Uh!) Make sure you keep a bitch with a ass that's fat Oh yeah, sell drugs too, and pump 'em out the trap Oh yeah, you talkin money make sure you talk stacks (Uh!) They ask if you have a gun say hell yeah I'm strapped! How is that, that you need all that to make it? Twenty one years I'm here so sad ain't it? If Bango was alive this picture he couldn't paint it If Slum V was here with D they couldn't Taint it My career is so Yeah, Usher motherfucker!!! Top ten you pick a number don't care, no fair I did all of that twenty times over Been there, done that, when you was in the stroller [Interlude: Excerpt from Menace II Society] You actin like a little bitch right now nigga! Man fuck that I ain't lettin that shit ride! We 'gon go ahead smoke all these motherfuckers I don't care who the fuck out there! God damnit! Is you down nigga?! [Chorus: Twon Gabz] 'Cause I'm a throw it in your face nigga, it's in your face Now you got it on your face nigga, it's on your face I'm a throw it in your face nigga, it's in your face Now you got it on your face nigga, go fix your face [Verse Three: Ryze] Pops told me play my cards I shuffled my deck Yeah you niggas on the team but ain't gettin no reps Been that N.Y.G. you was ridin for Rex Hoes call me King Tut all this gold on my neck I roll with the best, no Ace Hood or no Khaled Took a trip out to Rome, just for a Caesar salad All you do is talk shit, what I say is valid Rise, I'm on my Grizzlie like Tony Allen When I was sixteen I went to Universal They passed up now I'm goin in, no curfew Big bad or purple, mixed with a little turtle Pop a bottle watch it come around full circle Uh! They used to play me now I'm in they playlist Keep my head to the sky and my feet on the pavement Uh! Thankin Diddy for them cases Prince of my city I'm symbolizin we made it nigga! [Chorus: Twon Gabz] 'Fore the game you say I lost When I won you look crazy with your eyes crossed Uh! Here's a towel to wipe your brow off And while you at it wipe your nose and your mouth off 'Cause I'm a throw it in your face nigga, it's in your face Now you got it on your face nigga, it's on your face I'm a throw it in your face nigga, it's in your face Now you got it on your face nigga, go fix your face The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Erick Sermon f/ Jimmy Hendrix Album: Breath of Fresh Air Song: A Way Out Typed by: Gemini_20502K@Yahoo.com [Intro: Erick Sermon] Ummm! Ummm! Yes! Ummm! Uh huh! Ummm! There must be a way uh!  Ah! Yeah! There gotta ne a way uh! [Chorus: Jimmy Hendrix] There must be some kind of way outta here (Find it!) There must be some kind of way outta here (Hmmm!) [Verse One: Erick Sermon] (*Jimmy Hendrix) Ha! Damn! My heart is goin bad (Uh huh!) Gotta get home 'cause my kids need dad Got me on Worldstar now I'm on Vlad (UH!) Media throwin me in the Pitt like Brad Can't get mad, it works both ways So I'm sad plus glad, forgot what I had (HA!) Rad, white boys definition of cool Me behind the 8ball defintion for pool Rick Ross seizure Heavy D the breather Now I'm all hooked up monitor with the beeper IV's in me (UH HUH!) Arm lookin like a heroin addict Can you feel me Jimmy? (*Here)  People in prayer on my Facebook and Twitter (HUH!) Post fam like, don't you leave me nigga! Are you in Paris 'cause this shit's crazy Thank God and the sun that saved me [Chorus: Jimmy Hendrix] (Erick Sermon) There must be some kind of way outta here (I'm gonna find it yeah I'm gonna find it!) There must be some kind of way outta here (Yeah I'm goin this way!) There must be some kind of way outta here (I'm gonna find it yeah I'm gonna find it!) There must be some kind of way outta here (Oh yeah I'm goin that way!) [Verse Two: Erick Sermon] Yeah! I'm blessed 'cause I made it (HUH!) Now everybody comin at the E now I hate it (YEAH!) It's not their fault it's the messed I created It's time to get the fake and the real separated This almost killed me, so called fame (AH!) Seein me in the picture date under my name Shame I live life for everyone but me The money I worked for they gettin it free Sayin they love me to death and all that Sayin I look good lean though I'm fat Who the hell are these people?! (HUH!) I don't even fit here Who's bathroom is this man?! I don't even sit here  Never try to red light me try to scheme But I was good to go that's why my eyes green So I'm a get in my new Coupe and rive And Sway back and forth, Shade 45 [Chorus: Jimmy Hendrix] (Erick Sermon) There must be some kind of way outta here (I'm gonna find it yeah I'm gonna find it!) There must be some kind of way outta here (Yeah I'm goin this way!) There must be some kind of way outta here (I'm gonna find it yeah I'm gonna find it!) There must be some kind of way outta here (Oh yeah I'm goin that way!) [Verse Three: Erick Sermon] Yeah! I heard what you said man I was almost underground like a dead man And now I'm writin down sentences, but I could have been where Jimmy Hendrix is I'm a fighter, somethin like Rocky Balboa Built this architect and I don't need Noah (Uh HUH!) Chick callin my name and I don't even know her But if she want to get to know me now let me show her Erick! I come from the era of the golden (RHYMES!) This DMC crown I'm holdin JMJ helped my group in a big way (UH HUH!) I wished I could tell him now thanks for my DJ A few friends I don't speak to often Some on their high horses came down off them Just to show me homey that they care And there's a way out, and I'm gettin the fuck outta here!!!! Yeah! [Chorus: Jimmy Hendrix] (Erick Sermon) There must be some kind of way outta here (I'm gonna find it yeah I'm gonna find it!) There must be some kind of way outta here (Yeah I'm goin this way!) There must be some kind of way outta here (I'm gonna find it yeah I'm gonna find it!) There must be some kind of way outta here (Oh yeah I'm goin that way!) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Erick Sermon f/ Twon Gabz Album: Breath of Fresh Air Song: Twon's Theme Typed by: Gemini_20502K@Yahoo.com [Intro: Twon Gabz] Yo! It's Twon G! A bully on the loose! And that's me! And y'all too, Dinero, D-Money whattup?! Huh Huh! Look! [Verse One: Twon Gabz] I know a killa and he ain't one I'll let reality show him, VH1 H1N1 sick I inflict pain Like board of health injections in dicks No homo, I'm well known no promo Pretty boy kill the act, Boris Kodjoe Huh! Let it knock door to door flow Bully shit with a twist like cornrolls With a kiss with a hiss, cobras Niggas slide me in the middle like okra Your flow fluffed like a pillow on a sofa I'm heated for bread I'm the middle of the toaster The negativity and doubt that you ran about Huh! I cook in God's kitchen he panned it out Knock him out man it's out from my hand to mouth In the crowd y'all stand I'm standin out Huh! I'm so numb like like a sore thumb And what you sayin is borin nigga ho hum Please! Kill it already I'm like a mean vicodin fill it already And what you talkin 'bout Willis still it's all 'fetti Turn your lights out nigga Pendergrass Teddy Foot in your ass heavy, like enimas Then I'm a, video your ass like cinemas Huh! I eat a lemon piss lemonade And when you stayed prayed up you a renegade Haters let you play your heart hit you with the spade You talk tough to a lion 'til you in it's cage Now the curtains shut, you wanna work it out With rednecks you worked them up, but pay the price now And y'all runnin around three blind mice style Well rhyme right now three blind mice style I might spit a concept or I might style This is real rap not a rap lifestyle I'm like wow life's foul, one day your here The next you disappear David Blaine Show In the hood it's the same ol' same ol' Fights pressure build the blocks and volcano Huh! Mortal Kombat, Caino I done killed this bitch, Jane Doe! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Erick Sermon f/ T.R.E. Album: Breath of Fresh Air Song: Tregram Typed by: Gemini_20502K@Yahoo.com [Intro: T.R.E.] Tre! T.R.E. nigga! Rough Drafts, Def Squad, murda nigga! Doc City, D.C.P.G. mu'fucker what's happenin? You know who yuh ramp wit? Ha ha ha ha! Wooooooo!!! I gotta stop smokin here I go though [Verse One: T.R.E.] I'm makin heavy contributions to the crime rate Million dollar dreams can't explain my mindstate Ain't no two for fifteen man bring me mine straight Wipin my fingerprints clean off the 38 When I die will I get to see the pearly gates? Or will I suffer, for addin to the murder rates? Mu'fucker I'm a true to life young gun!!! Can't remember all this shit that I done done!!! All the older niggas used to call me son son Let these mu'fuckers know where you come from I smell food in the air, and I want some Whoever dare try to stop me catch a dump dump Collapsed lung tell the ambulance please come Can't do shit but stick a fork in him, he's done Wrap him up and whoever there back him up Everyday I get drunk smoke a couple blunts Fuck y'all soft niggas that only been in trouble once You tryin to start sum'n, I'm a give you what you want You Forrest Gump ass chump ass young punks It's 4th down mu'fucker, and you better punt! I'm like whatever y'all, I give a double fuck, double glocks Tough to get your double bucks Jump out their like it's double dutch and get your butt deleted You succeeded in your trouble huh? Perceive to get your bubble bust and I'm not talkin Bubble Yum you dumb or sum'n?! Well is you? Nigga you must not know about the shit i've been through My credentials, my business ventures  And all them residental areas where the businessmen carry pistols Get high during business hours and rob you in business hours Well did you? I know you didn't if you did we wouldn't have an issue My niggas official can't you tell?! Well can you? And did I mention fuck police and politicians! And all y'all bitch niggas snitchin can go to hell! That being said I'm on a mission for this bread Keep family fed If I got to shoot the head nigga then head TRE represent this district niggas murdaland All my dread partners down in St. Thomas whattup bredren?! Murdagram Mr. D.C. murdaland man Spot my target pull the hand cannon from my pants Cock and pop it then I drop it in my pocket  Got 'em leanin got 'em rockin while I do the murdaman dance Change of plans you won't make it home tonight yo (NOPE) That's your ass go and walk towards the light yo (Yep) Weatherman said it might rain bring your coat  You couldn't predict these bullets blazin at your ass though (Nah) 'Cause ain't no umbrella fittin to start my gun better Run young fella run young fella run! (RUN!!!) But when I want ya I'm a come get ya  Let the doctor undress ya blood pressure droppin now he done (Now he done) Got him a ray of guns Mr. blackmatic I'm a pro hitter 357's my battin average call the hole digger No nigga 'gon survive the fo' when they flip Wrap they ass up in white sheet and toe ribbon Then send him home Merry Christmas (Tre you shouldn't have) Don't even mention it he been knew he was gettin this So I don't know why he looked shocked when I showed up at his tenement He had his death wish man I was just 'gon fill him in Death was eminent an unfortunate incident Nobody snitches or I will be forced to kill again (NO IT'S HIM AGAIN!) Many many men Flyin out the mac milli milli mac millin ten that's a wrap! And this ain't just Rap City, city say your prayers  'Cause you 'bout to be lookin like Sponge Bob's square pants Shoot rounds and rounds like a square dance Put you in the clouds with The Care Bears nigga! Why you cryin there there what you mean play fair? Take them tears, with you to hell and see if they care (NOBODY CARE!) 'Cause I don't give a damn I don't give a fuck! And as bad as that sound I don't give a fuck (Give a fuck!!!) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Erick Sermon f/ Sheek Louch Album: Breath of Fresh Air Song: Dodge This Typed by: Gemini_20502K@Yahoo.com [Intro: Sheek Louch] (Rocwilder) Aiyyo Erick Sermon bring that in son! Yeah! Ha Ha Ha! Yeah! D-BLOCK!!! No doubt! Don Don! Yeah! E Double what it do family?! (Yo whattup?) You know I'm a fan right? (Same here my dude) Yeah, aight then, that's you let's get it son......AHHHHHH!!! [Verse One: Erick Sermon] I bring the rapture like Blondie If Hip Hop is dead then what am I a zombie? Got media terrorist tryin to bomb me Serm, cut, follow thee like Gandhi  From Zune to i-tunes I'm bein heard (Yep) Erick Sermon got shut down never occurred (Ummm Ummm) I'm still in the limelight, still bein seen Hoppin out my coupe so I still got cream Still got green, still got steam I'm hot (UH!) Even if they sayin I'm not Y'all exist because of me (Yep) I stand out Like a double d breast yet lately I'm so crazy Seventeen with a Mercedes, all black Ragtop, the color of Spot ya think not? That was sixteen years ago, dubbed untimely Got 1.6 when Def Jam signed me Go 'head rewind me, backtrack what I said (UMMM!!) I'm from the era of Lee jeans and Pro Keds (OWWWWWWWW!!!!!!) E Dub I'm hot like sauna I'm the flyest MC in my genre I must warn ya, word from Wallace (UMMM!!!) Blame niggas steppin to me get demolished Sheek and I got good Grammer, Kelsey  Ain't nobody comin hard lately, Chelsea [Chorus: Erick Sermon] Let me see if y'all can (Dodge this) If we will bring it man well then you can (Dodge this) Lyrically gunfire whenever can ya (Dodge this) I'm a say it one more time, can ya (Dodge this) [Interlude: Sheek Louch] SHEEK LOUCH!!! Don Don!Yeah! Aight then! I'm goin in my G, let's go, yeah! [Verse Two: Sheek Louch] Aiyyo bullets out the wound a nigga poppin at you fags (YEAH!) Pounds of that sour you could smell it through the bags (SMELL THIS!) I don't bang but my niggas holdin up them flags (WHATTUP!) Coupes comin like, King's colors with the mag (AH!!!!) No clientele, you don't ring no bells (UH UH!) I'm 9-1-4 I'm more than Pete and C.L. (Y-O!!!) My album 'gon move without no retail  Bonds is cocaine don't cut fishscale Donnie, call me Don Don silver beat Bobby Baclin Yeah! Niggas don't know how to act When I come through that block (Yeah!) Two door drop (Yeah!) Hat to the side (Uh Huh!) Lookin like my pops (AIGHT!!!!) Lump under my shirt, lookin like the glock (I got that!)  I take my shirt off, lookin like The Rock (HA HA!) Anuthing I get on you know it's 'gon knock (YEAH!) Sheek Louch and E Dub bitch D-Block!!!! [Chorus: Erick Sermon] Let me see if y'all can (Dodge this) If you real playboy maybe you can (Dodge this) Lyrically gunfire wherever can ya (Dodge this) I'm a say it one more time, can ya (Dodge this) [Outro] (Erick Sermon) : Dodge this.....Dodge this....(Can ya) Dodge this........ The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Erick Sermon f/ 50 Cent, Keith Murray Album: Breath of Fresh Air Song: Headgames Typed by: Gemini_20502K@Yahoo.com [Intro: Sample from "Eric B For President" by Eric B & Rakim] Make-Make-Make 'em-Make 'em clap to this! [Erick Sermon] (*Sample) (**50 Cent)(***Sample from "Eric B For President" by Eric B & Rakim): Yeah! (**Yeah!) (*I got to talk I gotta tell what I feel) (**Erick Sermon!) Uh Huh! No doubt! (**That's it! Def Squad nigga! 50 Cent nigga! What What nigga!) All these chicks they think so fine, playin them head games all the time When they talk pay them no mind (***Make-Make-Make 'em-Make 'em clap to this!) [Verse One: Erick Sermon] (*50 Cent) Yeah! Let me break somethin down, homegirl she approach son (*UH HUH!) She's world renowned around town I've seen that face before best believe You lost a couple of pounds changed your hairweave And now you got that Mary J. Blige look jumpin off Bitch you ain't famous whatever your name is You might have been in V.I.P. maybe But you ain't even a ball player and tryin to game me (*UH HUH!) Huh! I've seen you hoppin out that truck Yep you came there with them but you left there with him Maybe 'cause the 6 it did have bigger rims So you could jump it off with Cheeks and Lil' Kim But for real girl (Why are you flirtin?) You ain't fam, you's a fan (*UH HUH!) As for me I know, that's I'm relayin Sayin I ain't playin I ain't payin so get the steppin HOE!!!! [Chorus: 50 Cent] First they didn't like me, now they let me hit it up Shorty is a pro son, she know how to get it up You ain't gotta keep it on the low son her head game's crazy, crazy, crazy (So crazy......So Crazy) First they didn't like me, now they let me hit it up Shorty is a pro son, she know how to get it up You ain't gotta keep it on the low son her head game's crazy, crazy, crazy [Verse Two: Keith Murray] (50 Cent) (*Erick Sermon) Aiyyo I was uptown, doin what I do Fresh to death fresh cut you know me bein beautiful (UH HUH!) Posted up with my nigga Funk Doctor We blew blockers T and they fly bird watchers Then my man tapped me on my shoulders like yo (*Aiyyo isn't that homegirl from that Summerjam show?) And you know me I come with somethin fly to say WHATTUP BITCH!!!! I mean that in a good way She twisted up her face and then smiled I said don't play me like a herb from the suburb 'cause I'm from Strong Isl Frontin in your lil' benz with your lil' rims Actin high post for your lil' stank friends She said Murray you cute but your too hardcore I'm thinkin yeah she could probably suck a nickel through a straw Then guess who I saw later on that night B? (*Don't tell me?) And the filatio was crazy [Chorus: 50 Cent] First they didn't like me, now they let me hit it up Shorty is a pro son, she know how to get it up You ain't gotta keep it on the low son her head game's crazy, crazy, crazy (So crazy......So Crazy) First they didn't like me, now they let me hit it up Shorty is a pro son, she know how to get it up You ain't gotta keep it on the low son her head game's crazy, crazy, crazy [Bridge: Erick Sermon] (Sample from "Eric B For President" by Eric B & Rakim): All these chicks they think so fine, playin them head games all the time When they talk pay them no mind (Make-Make-Make 'em-Make 'em clap to this!) [Verse Three: Erick Sermon] Uh Huh! Yeah! The buck stops right here, so go figure Trick, ain't nothin changed since Golddigger You had your chance but now it's the fourth quarter You had one shot but that got locked And...game's over, just like that You was hot girl two years back Like Big Pun said, go that way! Smiley face, have a nice day see ya!!!! [Chorus: 50 Cent] First they didn't like me, now they let me hit it up Shorty is a pro son, she know how to get it up You ain't gotta keep it on the low son her head game's crazy, crazy, crazy (So crazy......So Crazy) First they didn't like me, now they let me hit it up Shorty is a pro son, she know how to get it up You ain't gotta keep it on the low son her head game's crazy, crazy, crazy [Outro: 50 Cent] E. Sermon Def Squad nigga!!! Bop to that! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Erick Sermon f/ Twon Gabz Album: Breath of Fresh Air Song: Lil Nikki Typed by: Gemini_20502K@Yahoo.com [Intro: Twon Gabz] (Erick Sermon) Heh Ha Ha! Yeah! Yeah we here! (Fo' sho') Huh! Twon G! (Erick Sermon) Whattup?! (Chillin!) I know I am (True!) Look at her E! (I see her!) Owwwwww!!! [Verse One: Erick Sermon] Uh! I'm in the spot somewhere in the city (Yeah) Hey Lil Nikki come Minaj with me  No disrespect hun that there's a metaphor (Uh Huh!) If you ain't wanna talk to her why you get her for?! All that ass there got you all twisted She walked passed here before but you missed it Struttin so hard but I dissed it, watched it work (Yeah!) She come back but 'cause I resisted, church! Speak! Hair color like red, blue, green, blonde (Uh Huh!) Implants got the ass comin out the thong DJ playin my favorite song Go stupid, Ass Ass by Big Sean (Owww!!!) Nothin new I'm doin me a true believer Make her laugh, spend no Cash, Money neither (NAH!!!) Speak the ill shit to her like a poem (Huh!) Stupid nigga spittin game to her tried hoe her (Stupid!) Sidebar that scene last night Me and Nas, Rakim, up in Queens last night (OHHHHH!!!) Back to her, baby is mean shit!!! Crazy, Cee-Lo Green shit, you've seen this Lil Nikki! Girl you so fine you need to get with me And I seen no time to give you explicit Girl your one of a kind so let's go get lifted Is you with me, can you see what I see? Oh! Yeah! Oh! Yeah! Oh! Yeah! [Verse Two: Twon Gabz] BDP said, the girls look so good but there brain's out Somethin like a body dress but her brain's...not Huh! So that means it's not ready yet I bet that's the reason she not married yet She ain't no time spent you can't make back Chasin dudes she think made that a Maybach She let 'em hit her yeah hit her not Hitler like Adolph  Ponzi schemed her then Madoff Huh! I'm tryin to cuff her like an in scene No sleep then stroke deep like a swim team She worth more then what all the ballers got Why she sellin herself short like a pawn shop I had to let her know what her value was A Diamond, a zirconium is what she thought she was She been through alot said her life was hard Told her that only mean to pray twice as hard Took her life, gave her new lease on it Took her ring finger put a piece on it Hoodrats drink Crown Royal and bust down But you my queen now so you where a royal crown.....Nikki Lil Nikki! Girl you so fine you need to get with me And I seen no time to give you explicit Girl your one of a kind so let's go get lifted Is you with me, can you see what I see? Oh! Yeah! Oh! Yeah! Oh! Yeah! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Erick Sermon f/ Lloyd, Too Short Album: Breath of Fresh Air Song: Like Me Typed by: Gemini_20502K@Yahoo.com [Intro: Erick Sermon] Erick Sermon! Too Short! [Too Short] What's up playa? We got the young homey from Decatur, Georgia [Lloyd] (Too Short) Hey!!! You never met a nigga like me I don't think you never met a nigga like me (MOTHERFUCKER!) [Verse One: Erick Sermon] Yeah this is part two of this shit, I'm E Dub And here the king of Oakland Short has spoken Respect what your hearin like it's comin from Franklin We in the start up lane the same as Banks and... We got a couple of safes we hold our bank in We get the women too what the hell y'all thinkin?! Huh! Hey young girl!!! Come chill with a couple of millionaires that house got many stairs Beware I'm a vet yet And I ain't talkin 'bout the car I'm a star that there you can bet Ask my nigga Flex man (I'm vanglorious) Nigga they call me X-Clan don't before sex man I spend dough when I want and you save I'm a pimp, it say that on my Banner ask Dave My favorite color is blue, but I ain't crippin I Like Too Short too, but I ain't trippin...Uh! [Chorus: Erick Sermon] (Lloyd) Walk in the V.I.P. eyes on me 'cause (You never met a nigga like me) Uh! He's alright but he's not (I don't think you never met a nigga like me) I got girls in every direction, perfection (You never met a nigga like me) Get mad respect when I step on the set (I don't think you never met a nigga like me) Movie! [Verse Two: Lloyd] In the, pink do' six fo' deluxe Ride slow while the hydro dronin up Gettin paged different dames ladi da what's up So they tired of playin games and they tryin to fuck with you Spittin game watch them open up  And yes, I love sex, and just my luck It's so many young niggas get more bucks than us Like shorty fuck the price I like ice on my nuts [Chorus: Erick Sermon] (Lloyd) Walk in the V.I.P. eyes on me 'cause (You never met a nigga like me) Uh! He's alright but he's not (I don't think you never met a nigga like me) I got girls in every direction, perfection (You never met a nigga like me) Get mad respect when I step on the set (I don't think you never met a nigga like me) Movie! [Verse Three: Too Short] Me and Erick Sermon in the benz on the interstate Wish this motherfucker had wings 'cause you in the way The car pass we ain't signin autographs Unless you got, every tape with every rhyme I ever rapped We rollin nonstop to the A.T.L. How we stayin on top you can't me tell And no we don't claim to be the biggest stars But when they see niggas cars.....bitches pause Tryin to, find a way to be my friend Climbin her vagina so deep I'm in And all these mad rappers tryin to flag me down I throw a peace sign about to tuen back around But I keep flyin, lil' homey keep grindin While you keep whinin, when you see me big timin Can't keep it to myself man I had to tell Your still rappin in my head I'm still mad as hell BEYOTCH!!! [Chorus: Erick Sermon] (Lloyd) Walk in the V.I.P. eyes on me 'cause (You never met a nigga like me) Uh! He's alright but he's not (I don't think you never met a nigga like me) I got girls in every direction, perfection (You never met a nigga like me) Get mad respect when I step on the set (I don't think you never met a nigga like me) Movie! [Outro: Too Short] Buy you some!!! Part two!!! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Erick Sermon f/ Daz Dillinger Album: Breath of Fresh Air Song: Commander and Chief Typed by: Gemini_20502K@Yahoo.com [Intro: Erick Sermon] (Daz) Check one, two, uh uh eh eh eh ah ah ah ah ah yeah! (A One two one two) Uh uh! (A one two one two) California! Yeah! Uh! E! E Dub! Dogg Pound! (DPG!) Uh Huh! [Verse One: Erick Sermon] Yo! I'm in the zone tonight with no special guest and... In the recession the E's progressin Eye candy stay in my session So when I write, I'm cool, with no regression I'm focused now almost restin 'Cause, I do it in my sleep caressin The beat's like it's a chick, from Straight Stuntin (SLAY!!!) Give it to her hardcore like it's nothin! Uh! I Roc like Charles Dutton (Uh Huh!) And I call the shots, then I push the buttons  So when it comes to war, I nuke 'em You know you done fucked up right! Bill Duke 'em You can, do what I say or lay like carpet The New York area I ran that market (Uh Huh!) Flush the whole decade I ran like faucet Or weight, like The Biggest Loser, you lost it [Chorus: Daz] You can see me in the flyest thing that I think is It's brown guess what my drink is?! Chicks catchin Vapors but I ain't Biz I'm the commander, chief with the answer [Erick Sermon] I advise y'all to be like we, if you wanna become a success like we All up in your prime stay fresh like we Watch what I'm doin I did this before [Verse Two: Daz] I pull up at the G spot (VROOM VROOM!!!) My sound boomin And I'm West Coast upped!!!! That's what I'm doin And I do it the most, won't stop won't quit You know how us gangstas do it yeah BANG THAT SHIT!!! Ha Ha! Get your walk on do that dance (J!!) Get your boogie on get in a stance Drink spillin, 808 hittin nobody shootin and killin 'Cause everybody 'round here be chillin (Now what we gonna do?) Get your party on All night long (From two until the break of dawn) BOUNCE! Put your motherfuckin hands up HOMEBOY! If your hatin shut the fuck up! Low low ragtop, drive coupes and fly shit Black tie party and I'm comin with a bad bitch Weed blowin so the party ain't over We do this shit all night 'til six in the mornin!!! [Chorus: Daz] You can see me in the flyest thing that I think is It's brown guess what my drink is?! Chicks catchin Vapors but I ain't Biz I'm the commander, chief with the answer [Erick Sermon] I advise y'all to be like we, if you wanna become a success like we All up in your prime stay fresh like we Watch what I'm doin I did this for before The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Erick Sermon f/ Sam-bo Album: Breath of Fresh Air Song: Talk This Typed by: Gemini_20502K@Yahoo.com [Intro: Erick Sermon] Yeah! Uh! Uh! Erick Sermon! Uh! Hmmm! Sam-bo! A.T.L.! New Yeezy! Uh! [Verse One: Sam-bo] Testing testing one, two, three Chase a bitch, bitches run, to, me Get strong money and it's funds, to, we Got so many hustlers but I'm one, to, see I get get it I got it I make it happen Not a rap chp get every dollar I made of trappin Call me major or captain, his mama made a Jackson Huh, why? 'cause this is Thriller or sum'n Big bat, big gat, like a killer or sum'n Bulletproof the ride like a armadillo or sum'n White square the same size as a pillow or sum'n And hollow tips a eat your face like a pickle or sum'n Uh! I'm not one to be fucked wit 'specially if it's involvin me duggin Construction worker and I only work wit tough bricks Got the dutch lit fuck around and get hit up quick [Chorus: Sam-bo] You could walk the way I walk, move the way I move Talk the way I talk do the thangs that I do But you still not me! You still not me! Could have a whole 'lot of this, a whole 'lot of that Wit a whole 'lot of bricks and a whole 'lot of stacks But you still not me! You still not me! No! No! No! [Verse Two: Sam-bo] Testing testing one, two, one Sound easy just one with two, guns Chase who I'm not the one, to, run Now take that back I like to run, through, funds I keep stackin and stackin until I can't stack Tryin to be Sam-b but trust me you ain't that You think she know when over here bitch you stank that I must be lost could you tell me where the bank at?! All american oh me top three And you can keep them things dog we got d Product P's on dog you ain't got these And all these karats on well best believe we got cheese  Uh! And you don't turn the heads we turnin Uh! And you don't burn the bread we burnin Uh! Just say I state of head E. Sermon The new green eyed bandit no E. Sermon [Chorus: Sam-bo] You could walk the way I walk, move the way I move Talk the way I talk do the thangs that I do But you still not me! You still not me! Could have a whole 'lot of this, a whole 'lot of that Wit a whole 'lot of bricks and a whole 'lot of stacks But you still not me! You still not me! No! No! No! [Verse Three: Erick Sermon] Testing testing one, two, three Don't follow no one people fol-low, me Get long money I'm a real, o-g So many rappers but no one, like, E I don't stop for nothin I get the steppin Anybody checkin my cash flow, cease the weapon Some callin me legend, I'm sum'n like a blessin Wonder, why, I'm like Stevie or sum'n Big gat, stay strapped like I'm Weezy or sum'n Thank God, go hard, like I'm Jeezy or sum'n People watch me, like, I'm a T.V. or sum'n They copy my style like they wanna be me or sum'n Yes! Uh! You don't turn the heads we turnin Uh! And you don't burn the bread we burnin Pockets fat, we call it Sherman It's the green eyed bandit, E. Sermon [Chorus: Sam-bo] You could walk the way I walk, move the way I move Talk the way I talk do the thangs that I do But you still not me! You still not me! Could have a whole 'lot of this, a whole 'lot of that Wit a whole 'lot of bricks and a whole 'lot of stacks But you still not me! You still not me! No! No! No! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Erick Sermon f/ Lockness Monster Album: Breath of Fresh Air Song: Typical Nigga Typed by: Gemini_20502K@Yahoo.com [Verse One: Lockness Monster] They like Lockness Monster man who that nigga?! I'm the hot sixteen spittin new ass nigga Hundred percent hip hop and i'm the truth ass nigga And I go harder in the booth better than you ass nigga Rap game fucked up a bunch of coon ass niggas Dunkin Penderhughes I wanna be cool ass niggas Tried to rhyme most days fam I boo at niggas Then George Bush a motherfucker throw my shoe at niggas Sick of these lames I ain't got nothin to do ass niggas What's up dog? Awww man ain't nothin new ass niggas Dirty Timberland wahsed up dirty durag niggas Strawberry Shortcake bunch of food ass niggas Awww man can I do a song with you ass niggas? Naw fam go find somethin else to do ass nigga You old Wesley Snipes To Wong Foo ass nigga Fake gangsta talkin 'bout who you 'gon shoot at nigga You ain't built like that fam we knew that nigga You Shaquille O'Neal can't shoot ass nigga I just started rappin straight up out the blue ass nigga And started a record label in the crew ass nigga Dumb ass retarded I ain't got a clue ass nigga Awww fam you talkin to me? YEAH YOU ASS NIGGA! Sweet honey y'all, Winnie The Pooh ass niggas Floatin up shit's creek in the canoe ass nigga Pork sausage eatin old swine flu ass niggas Copycat monkey see, monkey do ass niggas Bitin styles like I want to do it too ass niggas And I want to do it just like you ass niggas Always talkin 'bout your beef tofu ass niggas Quick to fall for a chick Pepe Lepeu ass niggas You a Facebook gangsta Youtube ass nigga It ain't my fault you can't emcee that's too bad nigga [Outro: Lockness Monster] This sound like some mu'fuckin...ten o'clock, Nick At Nite Mu'fuckin Mash type shit, buy the blunt, then bottle of Hennessy Get a ex pill that's if you pop ex I don't fuck with that shit Get you some diezel or lemonade, you know what I'm sayin?! Fuckin watchin, I Love Lucy and shit! Niggas thinkin that I talk about some soft shit on this shit But just had to, go in on you niggas real quick In this bitch with Joe Blow and E-Low Mu'fuckin studio god dammit! It's Lockness Monster mu'fucker!!! Chicago southside!!! You go to sleep to this shit  You know what I'm sayin it's that mellow shit, don't crash your whip mu'fucker! Blind ass nigga you smoke too much nigga...HA HA HA HA!!! YEAH! I'm out of this mu'fucker man!!! Nice and easy!!! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Erick Sermon f/ Method Man, Redman Album: Breath of Fresh Air Song: Look Typed by: Gemini_20502K@Yahoo.com [Intro: Erick Sermon] (Redman) Yeah! Erick Sermon! Uh! Method Man Uh! Uh! Redman! Def Wu Uh! (Yeah! Yessir!) Huh! [Verse One: Redman] Aiyyo! Aiyyo I am Hip Hop look through the lens (Lens) My fitted cap got the gold sticker on the brim (Brim) I look like a eight (Eight!) But I flow like a ten (Ten!) The New Jack that got G-Money on a stem I started in 9-2, back in the 2G Funk Doc to Jamal How High the movie Got new money (YEAH!) Got new clothes (Yeah!) I look super bad I'm a get that fo' sho' Fo' sho' I'm a get that fo' sho' I got it I crank up the bass in the car's power outage Mastered my paper I've been 'Bout It 'Bout It Graduated the streets and dropped out of college Bitch gimme knowledge, fuck study hall You can say, I got my Phd in the car A hood nigga, drink out peanut butter jars Red and Meth, rockin the bells like Todd  [Chorus: Erick Sermon & Redman] LET'S GO! LET'S GO LET'S GO LET'S GO!!! LET'S GO LET'S GO LET'S GO!!! You can hear what he's sayin homey he said LET'S GO! Ok we ain't playin man I said LET'S GO! [Method Man] (Erick Sermon & Redman) This shit bump like a body in the trunk (LOOK!!!) This shit bump like a body in the trunk (LOOK!!!) This shit bump like a body in the trunk (LOOK!!!) (LET'S GO LET'S GO LET'S GO!!!) [Verse Two: Method Man] Yo! I'm like Selleck with the magnum, without the P.I. This grown folk B.I. llama tucked in my Levi's This Killa Bee, keep a honey bee in the bee hive The type that beat the seeds and bring you weed on B.I. I'm on that Grand Hustle my dude shoutout to T.I. The dope I'm tryna hustle is compliments of the green eye E, let me bark on these youngins get in they heads I was gettin pissy drunk when they still was pissin the bed I can see why, they envy the swag 'cause Staten Island we Empty the mag you wave an enemy flag around here I got somethin to say, gimme the floor Matter fact, Doc let's cut to the chase, give me the swords Time to Leatherface the game got niggas sayin my name 'Til it taste like, shit in your mouth son, my goons snatch chains Slap the shit out your dame clap them thangs  Blow these niggas out they frame and we out, ONE!!! [Chorus: Erick Sermon & Redman] LET'S GO! LET'S GO LET'S GO LET'S GO!!! LET'S GO LET'S GO LET'S GO!!! You can hear what he's sayin homey he said LET'S GO! Ok we ain't playin man I said LET'S GO! [Method Man] (Erick Sermon & Redman) This shit bump like a body in the trunk (LOOK!!!) This shit bump like a body in the trunk (LOOK!!!) This shit bump like a body in the trunk (LOOK!!!) (LET'S GO LET'S GO LET'S GO!!!) [Verse Three: Erick Sermon] Uh! Mike was the king of pop, I'm dangerous I shoot the glock but I prefer the stainless I ain't even deep, that's Red and Meth I came with (Uh!) Red nor blue just them two I bang with I keep pursuin this so don't get angry I'm unpredictable sometimes they call me Jamie (Baby!) So when you see me comin be on your best behavior 'Cause it's too early for you to be meetin the savior Just 'cause for that, here's a favor (Uh!) Fuck around with them young boys will Just Blaze ya, hater You ain't hardcore fuck it you a liar! (Word!) That gangsta pass you had expired  Homes you a riot you crack me up I know a cat with no response that will back me up  (SAY WHAT!!!!) I speak the truth like the bible You never gonna make it like American Idol [Chorus: Erick Sermon & Redman] LET'S GO! LET'S GO LET'S GO LET'S GO!!! LET'S GO LET'S GO LET'S GO!!! You can hear what he's sayin homey he said LET'S GO! Ok we ain't playin man I said LET'S GO! [Method Man] (Erick Sermon & Redman) This shit bump like a body in the trunk (LOOK!!!) This shit bump like a body in the trunk (LOOK!!!) This shit bump like a body in the trunk (LOOK!!!) (LET'S GO LET'S GO LET'S GO!!!) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Erick Sermon f/ Fred Da Godson, Mone, Swizz Beatz Album: Breath of Fresh Air Song: Set It Off Typed by: Gemini_20502K@Yahoo.com [Intro: Erick Sermon] New York! [Fred Da Godson] (Swizz Beatz) Fred Da God! (WOOOOOO!!!) Yeah! (OHHHHHHH!!!!) [Mone] (Swizz Beatz):  Mone! (RIGHT!!!! ONCE AGAIN!!!) [Fred Da Godson] (Erick Sermon) Aiyyo E! (Huh?) It's fire boy!!! Swizzy!!! [Mone] (Swizz Beatz): YEAH! (LADIES AND GENTLEMAN!) YEAH! MONE! (PLEASE! LET'S GO!) [Verse One: Mone] Hands to the ceilin yeah we come to do work Don't nobody move ain't nobody gettin murked Wrist covered in jewels time piece a small work Diamonds screamin hallelujah watch cost a small church Get it how we live it, spend it like we print it Everything we tint it we buy it you niggas rent it No, don't be offended I give you niggas the business Stay in your bitches dentures you would think I was a dentist They label me a menace, and waxed  Homey you need that white, Ajax We move 'em by the square, 8 tracks Swag on a mill I ain't even to the max yet Racks on top of racks shit we all about that action Bunch of bold yellow bone bitches Toni Braxton Take a hard hit, to the face, Meeka Claxton Your bitch up on my stick, when I hit I'm Reggie Jackson [Chorus: Erick Sermon & Swizz Beatz] We 'gon get it poppin in thus mu'fucker GET IT POPPIN!!! We 'gon set it off in this mu'fucker SET IT OFF!!! Hands in the air in this mu'fucker HANDS UP!!!! We don't really care in this mu'fucker DON'T CARE!!! Get your drinks up in this mu'fucker DRINKS UP!!! Smoke that good shit in this mu'fucker SMOKE SUM'N!!! We got all that cake, in thus mu'fucker GET MONEY!!! Ain't nobody hatin in this mu'fucker SHOW LOVE!!! OH! [Verse Two: Erick Sermon] Uh! Yessir I feel great And! Even if there's hate in the air I'm still straight And! Even though they sayin we dead it's my state  It's the apple, this balloon won't deflate  Nah not while I'm present, when you hear the E regard sum'n Think it come out fly whoever says it And that's why I stay so Polo down  Yet! My dunks be the newest, my jeans be the bluest Got bread like I'm jewish, address me as mister Chicks gather around like it's a bar mitzvah Callin me daddy but I ain't Twista Callin me poppa but I ain't Christopher You checkin out one of God's best's Sum'n cost as a jet's, I'm bigger than Precious Yeah! History boy up in the makin If there's sum'n left in the rap game homey we take it [Chorus: Erick Sermon & Swizz Beatz] We 'gon get it poppin in thus mu'fucker GET IT POPPIN!!! We 'gon set it off in this mu'fucker SET IT OFF!!! Hands in the air in this mu'fucker HANDS UP!!!! We don't really care in this mu'fucker DON'T CARE!!! Get your drinks up in this mu'fucker DRINKS UP!!! Smoke that good shit in this mu'fucker SMOKE SUM'N!!! We got all that cake, in thus mu'fucker GET MONEY!!! Ain't nobody hatin in this mu'fucker SHOW LOVE!!! OH! [Verse Three: Fred Da Godson] I put the work out, chopper, how 'bout the Tahoe? They Lost Boyz, still hyped, Freaky Yah flow Yeah I go, if you gettin money you happy Nigga when you tripple your work, then you get at me They slippin on they pimpin I got the shotty I'm limpin Hit me tee no livin you'll get it if you just listen Like they 'gon pay ten I'm Shawn Kemp and when I'm limpin Gary Payton get it sorry now Rick unless you spittin I'm the best by far, they gotta keep they flow tighter I hit the club by the bar no ghost writer Get out the bar, dancefloor, hold her close tighter And by the bar wakeup, with no clothes by her I'm so fat boy fresh With that rap boy, you know that boy the best Swizzy on the beat, Erick Sermon a legend Fred Da Eagle the future with a weapon, I'm outta here [Chorus: Erick Sermon & Swizz Beatz] We 'gon get it poppin in thus mu'fucker GET IT POPPIN!!! We 'gon set it off in this mu'fucker SET IT OFF!!! Hands in the air in this mu'fucker HANDS UP!!!! We don't really care in this mu'fucker DON'T CARE!!! Get your drinks up in this mu'fucker DRINKS UP!!! Smoke that good shit in this mu'fucker SMOKE SUM'N!!! We got all that cake, in thus mu'fucker GET MONEY!!! Ain't nobody hatin in this mu'fucker SHOW LOVE!!! OH! [Verse Four: Swizz Beatz] I'm chillin in my Aston Martin with fo' doors The top all off it like that bitch fell off (DAMN!!!) You niggas actin sick well I'll make you niggas cough Plus I'm ridin clean bitch I got them white bars I'm chillin what I got, with them billion dollar toys That billion dollar walk I got that billion dollar spark (COME ON!!!) I come from that gritty city up in New York (OH!) You niggas talkin crazy bet you niggas won't talk Put your money where your mouth or put your house up with the kids (RIGHT)  I'm in this fuckin game and I do this shit for real Two hundred and fifty million sold track record You niggas talkin crazy you ain't got a hot record right?! OH! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Erick Sermon f/ Twon Gabz Album: Breath of Fresh Air Song: Look Out Typed by: Gemini_20502K@Yahoo.com [Intro: Twon Gabz] Def Squad! Yo! [Verse One: Twon Gabz] I see plots under disguises, lies under toned in the tone Of another grown man like damn what the fuck he on?! Child's Play and like Chucky's clone Good fortune moved out his house, so his luck is gone Frontin like nothin's wrong, that's who I'm lookin out for Niggas grillin me like they livin and cookin outdoors So I'm keepin my mouth closed and my eyes wide Come at me get that beef pattie like five guys Y'all cakes is soft flakes Raisin Brand My phrase is make a man take a stand Doc Frankenstand It's the weirdest science, it's clear defiance Eat up the cats like lions, they fear alliance Niggas look at the stars, wishin they had cars But ain't no genies in the bottle only cush in jars They look at ours, and compare with there's Ballin out over here don't meanin missin hairs There grimey catch me if you find me I walk with a rear view mirror to see behind me That's not paranoia that's bein alert It separates from bein alive to bein in dirt [Chorus: Twon Gabz] (Sample) Huh! You got that bread watch your back ("LOOK OUT!")  Niggas, wish they had what you got ("LOOK OUT!")  Wait! Hold up what's that?! ("LOOK OUT!")  Homey you better ("LOOK OUT!") Don't let 'em catch you like ("AHHHHHHH!!!") Huh! You got that bread watch your back ("LOOK OUT!")  Niggas, wish they had what you got ("LOOK OUT!")  Wait! Hold up what's that?! ("LOOK OUT!")  Homey you better ("LOOK OUT!") Don't let 'em catch you like ("AHHHHHHH!!!") [Verse Two: Erick Sermon] Huh! Everyday I wake up Twon it's good news I feel dynamite like I'm Tom or Cruise OOOH! I do's it (HOW COME?) The best could  Mr. International you see me on Westwood London I'm there on a first class ticket I'm a star, 'cause that's how Beckett I kick it The band and yeah, I'm runnin rapid Access is granted so I'm takin advantage, damnit Yeah! I'm underrated (Uh!) I'm important like when life was created by God when he made it Yeah! You a loser I am the future Even though, I'm the past I'm the future Still that producer, makin that Elroy Jetson (Uh Huh!) The next shit, can't you hear this perfection Feel my aggression nigga  I'm hungry, great depression nigga Twenty pounds gone I changed my whole figure Jesus piece around your neck and you a killer UMMM!!! Go figure Yeah! You keep sayin you a gangsta?! Please! You a saint, and doin you would be a Drew Brees [Chorus: Twon Gabz] (Sample) Huh! You got that bread watch your back ("LOOK OUT!")  Niggas, wish they had what you got ("LOOK OUT!")  Wait! Hold up what's that?! ("LOOK OUT!")  Homey you better ("LOOK OUT!") Don't let 'em catch you like ("AHHHHHHH!!!") Huh! You got that bread watch your back ("LOOK OUT!")  Niggas, wish they had what you got ("LOOK OUT!")  Wait! Hold up what's that?! ("LOOK OUT!")  Homey you better ("LOOK OUT!") Don't let 'em catch you like ("AHHHHHHH!!!") The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Erick Sermon f/ Fish Grease, Kapone, Twon Gabz Album: Breath of Fresh Air Song: Whiskey and Coke Typed by: Gemini_20502K@Yahoo.com [Intro: Erick Sermon] Number number number number niiiiiiinnnnnnnnnneeeeeeee!!!! Erick Sermon! Twon Gabz! New Def Squad! [Verse One: Erick Sermon] Uh! Yeah! Globe-trottin, got money to travel I'm wine sippin, i the valley of Napal I'm gettin money you puttin in raffles You can't dig up with that shit, you assholes My dough stack high like flagpoles (HUH!) This gun shoot you then I grab soul (Gimme it!) The reaper, model styles A headband, blue jeans, zip up and sneakers Who got the nerve to blast on me?! All that singin I'm hearin, y'all belong on Glee Flee...dog (UH HUH!) These broads are hangin around me like bird around tree E! I got that roster, ask Diddy (UH!) I got that Formula, ask 50 (Yep!) Me and Twon terrorizin the city (HUH!) Up in the spot with these big butts and TITTIES!!!!!!! [Verse Two: Twon Gabz] I live a vida loca, spit on ya Middle finger ocho then arriba docha  It's over, bag more chicks then Dolce & Gabbana did Rap's ate more niggas then Jeffrey Dahmer did Cookin fam on your face like Benny Honda did So I got more haters then Osama did I took more shots then 'Pac and 50 did That's truth homey, I got proof homey I took a hundred rounds of Grey Goose homey Huh! You ain't a real rapper you a spoof homey I'm gourmet you Ramen Noodle food A drunk slur to your girl you Beau-tiful I feel good this evenin See what that God blessed me to be breat-hin And that's a good enough reason Good mo'nin, me and my eggs both cheesin [Verse Three: Fish Grease] (*Erick Sermon) Uh! Fish Grease yep! I'm the shit! Prosthetic leg but the strut ain't switched! Hated in the hood, but loved by your bitch I would come out and play but she's all on my dick (WOO!) Like Taylor Allison, I'm Swift Hit them off everytime, never miss Like Jordan from the line, every rhyme's a swish Styles upon styles I can sit and pick Like this one's for that and that one's for this (Uh!) Switch 'em up with their outfits like kicks (Yeah!) Def Squad raised me, y'all can't phase me (Uh!) Fuck you, pay me, test tube baby! (LET'S GO!) I bet it all, we bet it in the mall 'Cause, rappers today is wack (*And I'll say it!) But like Chuck D I don't believe that hype I bet you, run for your life in a pillow fight (*HEYYYYYY!!!!!!) [Verse Four: Kapone] Hi my name is Kapone and I'm an alcoholic I blacked out for awhile but I really can't call it Your boy been nice since Jordan's since rolled Drinkin shots of Tequila with the Vodka Alimoe Lil' purp, lil' vic, lil' haze pocket right Red eye flight, with the red eye sight Baby drinkin Reesemen's, Remy Martin martini's Drink Bacardi Lemon, I think I hear Biggie speakin I make your mouthpiece obese, and guns squeeze Come up off the cheese more Jack Daniel's please Like Red Foxx to Grady dummy you talkin out of line I know I gotta be drunk, 'cause Aun't Ester lookin fine I'm drinkin Louis 15th or Louis Chaundon In my Louis Vuitton, yo baby get it on! Words stay slurred off the icky and herb This is Def Squad baby were the bottom on the curb [Outro: Erick Sermon] Whiskey and Coca-Cola, Vodka and Lemonade It's just the music baby, that make me feels this way Whiskey and Coca-Cola, Vodka and Lemonade It's just the music baby, that make me feels this way The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: EPMD Album: Crossover 12" Song: Brothers From Brentwood L.I. Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Verse One: Erick Sermon EPMD fans stay focused, E's about to freak it Hardcore, but not rough enough to bleep it So relax and chill, get down with the brother And like Damon Wayans, we're Living in black Colour Sheik, the beats make em freak A unique technique, with flavors like Black Sheep You know my style's mad rugged, you love it You never heard the funk before the E was discovered I'm bad, renegade wrangler, mic strangler Funk arranger, E.D's danger We make the sounds that make you *owwwww!* Make you wanna scream like James Brown so I can rock a town I'm real swift, I bring light to a skip I rock the party all night, the crowd chant my shit I leave at sundown, walk away chillin Cool, and Keep Mental like Mike Bivins Then I find the Hit Squad, and stop buckwhylin Chump, cause I'ma... Verse Two: Parrish Smith Peace to the posse, yeah OK you got me Another rap chumpie about to O.D. Beat fanatic fiend from the hard scene You know the kid in the Benz s-O with the fog beam Skins cool I mingle girls are simple 'I'll be gentle, I'll be very gentle' DOn't bug on my rap skill boy, because it's mental Squaad is mad truck, quick to snuff a duck No bluff, your neck'll get snapped so kill the ruff stuff Brentwood's my town home of beatdowns Dress code is don't care so take a chill clown Smallest place on the map we're bustin big caps Where girlies troop Tim boots and baseball caps That's where I'm from chump, still buckwhylin Bust it Hobbes, cause I'ma Verse Three: Erick Sermon, Parrish Smith Now it's time for me the E to rock it loco No need to guess homeboy, you know my vocals Gimme a break to stay focused on my tape I'm more than great, I got the key to my state I'm rough like brillo, I bust like a pistol The b-boy form is nine mil or is til the underground sound be pumped for the new jacks Who loves you baby? I'm not Bo Jackson, get the bozack Yeah, bo-e-oh-e-o-zack, check the format Hardcore underground, just like Amtrak Word to herb got more steel than Pittsburgh So easy with the smart comments, or boy you get served I'm cock-d keep you dancin like Ali Collect the dough you know and then I'm Swayze On the downlow, no profilin or buckwhylin Bust it kid, cause I'ma The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Erick Sermon Album: Don't Be A Menace... soundtrack Song: Maintain Typed by: davpaul@dove.net.au C'mon, clap your hands, wind it up (x6) Hush, I'm comin thru with the bum rush Feelins forced style, Adidas, Cold Crush What? My style's ridiculous Who's gettin wit that spectaculous, miraculous? Word to Lexus, I'm from New York I'm flowin like Dom P so unpop the cork Now feelin me for real do' I'm the one who came from the back and blew the brains out of Al Pacino (Word up) Welcome to this rendition of lyricism, I'm on a Doug E.Fresh mission Somebody stop me, I'm outta control please before I do autopsies on these MC's Open em up, they hollow on the inside No heart pumpin, their organ missin somethin Trueness, yeah they get no props without Das I come with the Real Hip-Hop I maintain I hold it down, so gimme that microphone and lounge homeboy, you in the danger zone when a brother like E is on the microphone, uh I maintain I hold it down, so gimme that microphone and lounge homeboy, you in the danger zone when a brother like E-D is on the microphone Hold up, how y'all tryin ta play me, uh when I paved the way for y'all punks to MC You're not hard, ol school pull your card wit the quickness, chump and Jehovah Witness Agony of defeat on the street In front of your crew diggin, in front of your main chicken Oooh, it's more than meet the eye, oh my god Somebody got shook by a hardcore mirage Speak on it, I get busy every week on it DIE E-I, I sing and get unique on it The miracle child, the chosen one (POOF) Behind the Def Squad come the truth There chill, I got that microphone so lounge homeboy, you in the danger zone I can't believe, I come with the mad degrees, boy Freakin the funk with extra shit up the sleeve, uh I maintain I hold it down, so gimme that microphone and lounge homeboy, you in the danger zone when a brother like E is on the microphone, uh I maintain, huh I hold it down, so gimme that microphone and lounge homeboy, you in the danger zone when a brother like E-D is on the microphone, word The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Erick Onasis f/ DJ Quik, Xzibit Album: Focus White Label 12" Song: Focus (Lakers Victory Remix) Typed by: big_freddy_27@yahoo.com [Vocoder Box] Never understood how we did it,  How we made this music groove your very soul. [Erick Onasis] Yo! I'm at the game  In a rented V-12 Benz outback Going to see Shaq Inside twenty thou', Whoa! Is he the best in the NBA? Right now. Lakers no joke Aint nothing funny Shaq dunked on Dale Davis  Making' 'em a poster bunny (Yeah!...Yeah!) That is the basics  Kobe Bryant in the Matrix  High flying over Rik Smits  On any court Lakers dominated the sport  Cause Mark Jack' ain't doing jack Don't get confused the NBA rules Pacers can't incorrect and got abused  I bring ruck to any team bringing drama Make 'em feel it, like 2 Pac's "Dear Mama" Yo! Shaq attack...He's back The Lakers be all the way and that's that...Uhh! [Vocoder Box] [Dj Quik] Erick Sermon...Xzibit...and guess who?... Ay! Tell me what you get when The Lakers, Xzibit, the game get down with the E Double? You get Kobe trouble  Shaq make the court bubble (Make it bubble) Rock the ? so hard you shake they break out to the ground  And dig 'em out of B rubble, partying Happy that you shook the whole crib  And when y'all win the title this year, I got dibs Cause this is how we do it here  It's ironic that y'all done stepped into a room Of purple-yellow chronic Fat booty women sparkling  Trying to take you to a star Trying to get Fox to recognize they know who you are (Say What!) Can't you see the purple carpet, they lay it out And if you got a fantasy Fisher they play it out  We big ? balling dudes; from the gate We been waited on and hated on since eighty eight Now cross my team and cross my path  And we go get y'all way down  From the Staple Center and I betcha that... [Vocoder Box] [Xzibit]  Yeah!...Ha!...Yeah! Ladies and Gentlemen, I presented to you Yeah!...Mr. X to the Z, Xzibit...Yeah! Los Angeles Lakers...C'mon! Bouncing'...Yeah!  Y'all gonna take it all the way, Baby!...Yeah! Listen...Look...Uhh! I'm the spin doctor, Phantom of the Opera Los Angeles Lakers would break 'em off proper  Shootblocker, take a couple of 3's and a free throw Shaq go for the slam and smile for the people  Rick Fox, big shoots like a buglers pick locks And when we put it down  Make the crowd get loud, wanna act wild  Indiana slow your pace down, Look at you now  Just pack it up and go into town  Spice your mouth, Y'all still all chickens Extra points like a field goal kicking You could hack Shaq all day But y'all still ain't wining Xzibit walking away with the champs With y'all team is cheap in the stands Give it up to the fans  And it's going off in the stands Kobe's the man Jackson be the man with the plan So listen: The Jell-O is giggling', the butter was hard Put it down for this Lake Show Champion Squad...You Know! Yeah!...Uhh!...Give it up Los Angeles Uhh!...Lake Show...Yeah! Broadcasting live to you and yours  Uhh!...Yeah! Big Shaq, Big Kobe, Yeah!...What up Rice...Fox Yeah!...Uhh!...Keep it banging Yeah!...Ladies and Gentlemen We bring to you the championship Los Angeles Lakers Squad  Yeah!...Mr. AvireX to the Z, Xzibit  Yeah!...Erick Onasis Yeah!...What!...Dj Quik Yeah!...Yeah!...Yeah! You know how we do ...Yeah! Throw on your purple and yo yellow and represent  Los Angeles...Uhh! Doing it live...Bringing it live Yeah!...Phil Jackson Pop ya collar...Hello! Yeah!...Bringing it live to you and yours Yeah!...C'mon! Rest In Peace...Roger Troutman Yeah!...Keep it moving...Yeah! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Erick Sermon f/ Ludacris, Redman Album: Future Thug (Original Version) 12" Song: Future Thug (Original Version) Typed by: JamaalBigCat@aol.com [Verse 1: Ludacris] WITHOUT further adieu let me get this show on the road Future thug, even my Kool-Aid jug's plated in gold Faded & blowed, my life savings - made it in shows & lost it on my way to Jers' 'cause I paid it in tolls So you can kiss my hairy bean bag, FUCK the nations & twitch your favorite titty nipples to my radio station 'Cause I say what I mean & I do what I say I had a mind of my own the weed blew it away! & now my lyrics got the parents all disgusted & heated Because I'm nastier than airplane food & those that eat it I'm never forgotten, just rotten straight to the core Up in your 'telli with that wet towel up under the door So need I say more? I'm just your neighborhood whore With Coronas & blunts the size of some 4x4s So all these other phony rappers, keep your heads to the sky Because I'm ruining it for evryone, they wish I'd just DIIIIE! [Chorus: Announcer] ATL (oh!), DC (oh!), Houston (oh!) Chi-Town (oh!), M-I-A (oh!), Detroit (oh!) Tennessee (oh!) [Verse 2: Erick Sermon] Ay yo, everybody hands up Where yo' bling bling nigga? Boy stand up It's E-Dub what's up? Yeah I'm bouncin' Large amounts of cash we countin', that stand tall like mountains To bring the drama, it takes a second man (that's it) One wrong move +Bring the Pain+ like +Method Man+ It's yo' boy damn it, it's the Bandit, new Hummer in transit 27" come standard (yo!) It's my people, whether drivin' the Benz, the Pinto, or the Regal The Range Rover, the Beatle (uh) I'm in New York now but I represent the SWATS of A-Town When I touch down amid grounds (uh) Me and L-Dub and Redman, that's it Motherfucker You heard what I said man, it's real (what the deal?) It's E-Dub, pronounce it right Eyes green like Kryptonite, so good night! [Chorus: Announcer] Uptown (oh!), Boogie Down (oh!) BK (oh!), QB (oh!), "Strong Island" (oh!) Shaolin (oh!), Y.O. (oh!) [Verse 3: Redman] Yo, I ain't a thug but I do thug things nigga so hold me down 40-round, caliber spitter, that's how the shorty crown Run with gordy hounds for 40 miles then ignore me now Duck +Motowns+ than Barry Gordy found, sorry clown! Super future thug, 12 shoe shoot you through the rug James Bond, watch on my arm, tellin' me who to truck My God's my gun, don't need him since cerebreal cock Beat him size ammo three to five mammal we the Gods That'll shit on your turf, that'll get in your skirt I heard +Alicia+ so my dick give what +A Woman's Worth+ I make them niggaz blow, then hide 'em inside 'em My noggin' is strange when them dogs is ridin' 'Cause I'm a cheap fucker, street usher, eat supper with Pack of wolves that act a fool, blood on they upper lip Need a nigga, I'm that nigga to call, nigga to draw Chainsaws to the brawl, cuttin' ya ligaments off [Chorus: Announcer] ATL (oh!), Chi-Town (oh!) To all my niggaz (oh!) that is bumpin' & dumpin' (oh!) L.A. (oh!), New York (oh!) To all my bitches (oh!) trippin', pay your tuition (oh!) Fat broads (oh!), ugly broads (oh!), broke broads (oh!) Ugly niggaz (oh!), fat niggaz (oh!), broke niggaz (oh!) Everybody (oh!) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: PMD f/ Prodigy Album: It's the Pee '97 12" Song: It's the Pee '97 Typed by: OHHLA.com (PMD) Yea, Check 1,2, One time for ya mind 2 times for ya mind, PMD going braceline, bassline Prodigy, Hit Squad and the Mobb. 9-7, check it out Hey, yo, six foot and change, I still do my thang You niggaz is game, blacker skills wit the hand swing Time to black out, you act out, blow ya back out The P wit the no-look pass like Iverson and Stackhouse (Prodigy) Hey, yo, painkiller key raps, get dope off of this here shit Writing prescriptions for your addiction We doing it, yo, P, this shit is off the meter Neither him nor his man neither can top this shit hit (Chorus)(PMD) It's the P-double E-M-D-E-E(yo, it's the P) E-double pushing up lex bubble(3 1/2x) Check P, the rap vet, freak the rap tech Peep the black tech, ass bent, run, some will leave your back wet So Pmd and Prodigy will hit you hard Lace P wit the plan and let the Mobb do the phucking job (Prodigy) I kick, shit that you can feel like you're holding it Grab a hold of this, rip tight like it's your last bit Futuristic, hi-tech computer chip Lyric that's beyond the year 2000 The dominant, confident niggaz is conquering Overminding, my mom done did it again Vertical rap, straight up and down this wolf pack Or go at the whole globe, attack the map Ambassador P, we strengthly strip his sleeves of his stripes Granted for the rest of your life Now you can sit back and cherish the time that we spent The foul memory of ?timbos, bison less? (PMD) Now who's the kid claiming death wit the S on his chest Smoking cess, sounding like Meth, i guess he need press And yes, he must be insane wit no brain, on that cocaine Lying on your dick, saying you hit Jane The Punk Doctor, I gotcha, so get the boz-ile You little hostile, you end up missing like Hoffa My style's proper, extraordinaire, quite rare Excellent to the ear, so kid, you never compare Chorus The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: PMD Album: It's the Pee '97 12" Song: Many Often Wonder Typed by: OHHLA.com Yea what up, 1 time, 1 time, PMD, Mic Doc 9-7, 2 thous and beyond, check it, check it Step aside, peep the wide body, kicking shit like karate Or catch me on a Harley, but puff like the Marley's Do narly, tims and rims wit the fat knobbies The rap teflon don here to crash a party You know the status, who the baddest wit this apparatus Who's the fattest, who gives a phuck cuz it don't matter Always rock shit, high in the cockpit Infrared lock and hit, terminate the target Cuz when I put it down, clown, I don't phuck around How you sound, act like you know or catch a beatdown (Chorus) It's the Microphone Doctor, back making housecalls Many often wonder is MD paid(4x) Got more stripes than Colin Powell, ?stoned and towel?, I keep my shit rugged Thuggish rugged, you'se laced wit ice nuggets Who you shittin me. lyrics spittin and Squad still hittin Track flippin, we're nippin, politicin Niggaz trippin, slippin like a transmission Or blown gasket, you bastard You get your ass kicked, tuxedo wit the casket Blowing steam, one half of the dream team Cream fiends hit 16 on the rhyme scene Keep it off the meter, rub it wit the dark Caesar Blow like ether, Grim like the phucking Reaper When I act out, MC's back out Pull the mac out, go the distance in the rap out Chorus Swinging back, get you dome cracked in combat Full contact on impact when P react Keep it cool at all times, bust rhyme Get mine, black Einstein wit basslines From hoodies to skullies, skullies down to tims I'm all in black Benz, trees and trojans Niggaz frozen, like manic, it's phucking posing On display, no place, he foreign attache Case, Hit Squad lace the place Set the pace like O.J. in the Bronco chase Chorus The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Erick Sermon f/ Sy Scott Album: Lyricist Lounge Vol. 2 Song: Battle Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash {*sample repeated: "Battle anybody, I don't care.." --> LL Cool J*} [Erick Sermon] Yo, aiyyo it's crunchtime, time for action, time in I explain time after time, time and time again Time's up, Def Squad called time out Can't hold back the shit, so I flip myself aside out Dramatics, they act in classes, act what Actin like suckers raw, act enough to get they ass whipped Ask for the acts and ask for the axe they get as actors, Beams, Navs, and Ac's Still navigatin rap cats, attack on tracks to flow til I fall off the atlas map (And stomp a cat) til they frame mats to mat Not my bloodtype, DNA mismatch (Aiy-yo) Where there's a will there's a way (Tell 'em Green) But you will get wheeled away All is said and done, you're dumb, just dumb Bust dum-dums at kingdom, take they free-dom He's done, E done did it Easy go, easy come when E come widdit Come witness, dis +Strictly+ +Unfinished+ +As Usual+ +Never Personal+ +Business+ Y'all don't really wanna fuck with that {*Hell no!*} It's not where your head is at {*Hell no!*} Y'all don't really wanna fuck with that {*Hell no!*} It's not where your head is at {*Hell no!*} I will.. "Battle anybody, I don't care.." E will.. "Battle anybody, I don't care.." Sy will.. "Battle anybody, I don't care.." We will.. "Battle anybody, I don't care.." [Sy Scott] Yo, yo, yo Yo sticks and stones break bones but glocks'll kill you Revolvers could pop you but automatics'll drill you I spit lyrics up til they spill through with blue mold and mildew Enough to clean these preachers to the fifth pew The shit stink like pee-yew, G2-D2 versus R2-D2, please move peaceful Bulbasar smash the Pokemon powers of Pikachu Faced against Yui Oshamitsu I speak in two's like I had two faces Get deeper than Tomb Raiders, open and shut case like suitcases, Dark Forces couldn't take it if you had NATO backed by Duke Nukem with two lasers My true nature bite you and your face out Leave you on the ground pointin finks out Scatterin towards your safehouse, the illest nigga that's out I brainstorm til the whole rap game get rained out Don't make me get a hat and start pullin names out Change the outfit, get the thang out Make you wish you never came out, get laid out, without an 8-count Get up, get out, and stop tryin to play house [Erick Sermon] Yo, don't exchange with E in exhibition, I'm a expert Feelin the overexhausted from the leg work Write hate mail through e-mail Talk on my cell, my cell charged like D-cells I hate the flows MC's they use these days It's overused, used too much these days E explain, X mark the spot, I rock the spot E-Dub the name, and that's Sy Scott [Sy Scott] Who wanna battle? The beat beat badly in battle In battle I paddle like world-class battlers In the heat of battle, true MC not abbreviation Bout to bring cold war to radio stations I'm Master Tsin, the excellent Master Chen Spit like I got two mouths connected to an extra chin My foreign is forum Embryo MC get brain aborted before they born and made organs The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: EPMD f/ Ice Cube Album: St. Ides TV Commercial Song: East Meets West Malt Liquor Typed by: dy_face@hotmail.com [Intro: DJ Pooh Scratching Quotes Below]  YEAHH ----> St. Ides ----> DJ Pooh Down with the.. St. Crooked-I-D-E-S ---> Ice Cube St. Ides ----> DJ Pooh Down with the.. with E double ---> Ice Cube [Erick Sermon] It's the E-R-I-C-K Talking about the St. Ides brew Run through a Can or two  Share with my crew this magnificent Plus, it's mellow I'm funded the rust of the commercial  And passed the Mic out to my fellow [Parrish Smith]  No need for a Mic check  Bust it, the beats are set Then grab a forty  Contumely y'all to snap his neck St. Ides!!  Take a sip and wipe your lips Keep my forties getting warm I'm audi, gots to fill [Ice Cube]  Drink it, drink it, drink it  Then I burp, after I slurt Ice Cube, I put in much work With the PMD and the E Drunk it, as a St. Ides brew on the door [Outro: Parrish Smith] Yeah, EPMD and Ice Cube in the house Scratching with him one of the funkiest rhymes... {*censored*} Kick it, kick it, you gots to chill now The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Big Kap + Funkmaster Flex f/ Erick Sermon, Redman Album: The Tunnel Song: Okay Typed by: Itsfinest@aol.com [Redman and Erick Sermon] Live at the tunnel y'all Big Kap and Funk Flex (look around) Hit me back y'all, Def Squad y'all Hold it down, look around [Erick Sermon] I rock house from old folks to childern Squad comin through knockin down your building Lyrical murderer, who you be? We never heard of ya Momma's boy from West Suburbia You don't belong 'round here so what you doing Keep persuin my crew and get ruined, screw 'em Redman (What up?) How you feelin Lets wheel 'em and deal 'em until the pain is peelin I wish a few of y'all would stop stealin >From the mass appealin, dough stacked to the ceiling Ohhh, imagine rap attack is coming  'cause my sayin something, I rot like Charles Dutton E-dub be the best thing runnin When my jam comes on DJ's just start cuttin (cha-ka cha-ka) Rubber duckin, Jigga Jigga strip Every name brand clothin off them T.J. Hookers Watch how live gets, like a jungle so pack your survival kits, huh Me and Redman been rollin for years In the place wildlifin' doing Britney Spears Chorus: Redman You wanna ride... Then get up get up get up get up get up get up (Okay) Yo, you gettin drunk... Then spit up spit up spit up spit up spit up spit up (Okay) Yo, you gettin high... Then smoke up smoke up smoke up smoke up smoke up smoke up (Okay) Bitch, you wanna fuck... Then push up push up push up push up push up push up (Okay) [Redman] Yo E stick a fork in 'em while I hit 'em again Spit in the wind, biz with a dent on the end, I was high T-U-V-W-X ask Why, you die with blood pourin out your da-da You want the ri-ri-ri-ride from hardthorn, abide by your crew from a 735-i Keep your town quiet like Biggie died When I roll through 'cause crooked like Sticky eye Def Squad nigga, fuck a big name Bury my main shit, stain, and shit change Switch game, Bam Ba Claud, Bon voyage Blast your entourage like Flex blastin off Jump on while I saddle the track Bitch I throw dick where your adam apple is at Style like cooked crack Wiggle my feet, I shook Shaq with a cross over pass and look back Yo, Brick City gorilla when I stomp Earthquakes, hurricanes will build up until dusk Throw fishin line to a chicken a reel it up My crew gun clappers, half of 'em pilled up Hit the club then I ?cornbread?  I bounce so hard from a drug I brought over the counter Uptown, say what say what now? Bustin my gun off for the millenium touchdown When it does, I'm out in the Bricks gettin drunk Nuttin in the bitch mouth and her tits Chours [Redman] Yo, you wanna fuck, then push up push up  [Funkmaster Flex] Alright, shot out to my boy Russell Simmons  (Okay) Big shot to Leo Cohens big shot to Kevin Niles (O-o-o-o-o-kay) Big up my man Mike Cogesville        Its goin down baby one time Fuck Flex, Big Kap The tunnel nigga Shots to my man Peter Gashin Can't fuck with us The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Big Noyd f/ PMD Album: Only the Strong Song: Going Right at 'Em Typed by: semiya@gmail.com [Noyd] I'm coming right at 'em, dun. Come on! You see these monkey-see-monkey-do's only holding 22's They're bucking nothing, letting nothing die You see I roll for dolo, I don't need a crew I pack up by the gun or two Believe me and I'm letting stuff fly And I don't give a fuck about the law Because I've been here before I've been locked in, boxed in, adolescence at war I've been locked up, shot up, niggaz calling the cops up I make these niggaz shit in their draws. I seen it all Let's move on to the scale, the soda and fishscale We be making crack like this Let's forget about hell, nigga, them jails, them god-damned snitches They're going to make me clap the bitch You see I'm all over the beat You know I'm all up in the street My niggaz and bitches, bang to this Check it, if it don't shine Believe me homies, I pack some nines I'm going to bang til I empty my clip You know my style, kid [Noyd in Chorus] With my timbs on my feet and the gat on my back When I'm strapping, you know I'm grinding, nigga You have to see me with nines, if you want to stop mine I be two steps ahead and you be one shot from dying I don't run from feds for the bread I'm frying The chicks say they love me, but I know they're lying The closest thing to me only be my iron And I ain't lying [PMD] I've been doing this rap thing for years, ain't a damn thing changed Still on the block with my dogs, kicking the slang Kool and the Gang don't sound like E and 'caine Since it's my thing, street cats respect my name Got the perfect game when it comes to this hiphop game Crack your frame, leave your whole shit in flames I'm like the gator in the Florida swamp, you losers no comp You know the track record, mess around and get stomped From "The Headbanger" to "You've Gots To Chill" I stacked and built, packed and filled So why these cats be acting ill? Across the planet, my walls are granite Slow down, partner, the beat is never lost or stranded I can rap for centuries, spit with the first infantry [] in the back, I take the jet and keep the Bentley Don't tempt P, I squeeze until my whole clip's empty [Still say I was sent when it's empty] [Noyd] Ain't nothing changed, me and only me got my back With no gang, I maintain with a baby Mac This game got these niggaz thinking they're hard when they ain't Like they're God and won't catch ache in broad day. These niggaz soft You know they've got sugar in their tank, man, get lost Before you catch it right across your face You got "thug" pumping through your hearts and veins Till my slugs come busting through your window panes Then they flip, you know they turn and they snitch Nobody in the hood seemed to heard of them since Listen, dun, you don't want it, you don't want to feel the Tec I'm coming squeezing, leave you bleeding Y'all niggaz know the rest The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Biz Markie f/ Erick Sermon Album: Weekend Warrior Song: Not a Freak Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Biz Markie] In what? In stereo How long, until it's time to go? Baby doll It's the Biz Mar-kie, and the Def Squad! Oh see, we gotta do this again like this, check it out [Verse One: Biz Markie] You keep on knockin but you can't come in-ah My way of rhymin, cause you're a beginner You know with my flow, I bring the ill freak funker I'm so unforgettable like Archie Bunker I be catchin wreck like my name was Randy Moss And always be flossin, my funky diamonds costin My, my my repertoire Is so bizarre you go hardy har har My jingle bell-ah always Roc-A-Fella Even if I go acapella it will still be a best seller I got super sperm, eat wheat germ Never had a cameo, never had a perm I'm not Billy Dee, or R. Kelly Or, Markie Dee or B.I.G. I'm a, LITTLE somethin like Heavy D Because "girls ah girls they love me" [Chorus: Biz Markie] I'm not a freak! But I can't help my-self I'm not a freak! But I can't help my-self I'm not a freak! But I can't help my-self I'm not a frrrrrreak! But I can't help my-self [verse Two: Erick Sermon] Yeah... yo I'm that eighty-eight, 'It's My Thing' rapper You that one year scream BLING rapper Dapper than Dapper Dan, my interior's Gucci Overdosin, call me John Belushi Never liked Lucy and I beat Little Ricky Made him +Cry a River+ like his name was Britney I rock gold chains, I never wore the platinum Unless records was jewelry and it come from rappin (WOW!!) Like the Diabolical Biz I'm followin his, style - how are you kids? This here is real, Mobb Deep underground Take me to funkytown, and drive around I hop out the Hummer, the same color as the truck Fake cats lookin Biz like "Hey whassup?" I'm a vet, and never wore a green suit The only army is Def Squad, believe troop! [Verse Three: Biz Markie] Ah let's do it, let's do it Work your mind, put your body in-to it I rock the microphone, most definitely I got mo' rhymes than Muhammad Ali I got mo' toys than Mr. Spock I put the party people in a state of shock Listen listen listen to the Emmezah-A Rrazah-K, always makin your day Without further adieux for you and yours Luckier than a gambler throwin 3's and 4's Just like {?} pageantry That I could turn the party out, make the ladies scream With the with the whoa quick unpredictable Like Daffy Duck, I'm diss-pic-a-ble! This is the end, and I'm lettin you know "I love it party people, but I got to go" The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Bo$$ f/ Erick Sermon Album: Born Gangstaz Song: Comin' to Getcha Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [E-Dub] The Bo$$, you suckers! [Bo$$] I'm comin to getcha (yea) Tonight when you sleep creepin steady but quick I'm here to tell 'em, that B ain't no petty bitch You run up, you're gettin stuck - what was goin through your mind when you thought, over Bo$$, you could ever fuck? (you could EVER fuck) So nut up, whassup is I'ma drop fat gun blast in the gash in that ass if I find 'em I got 'em Takin cover from the killin And body bags is the only motherfuckin thang I'm fillin (yea) The spunk villain kill forty ounce by the neck and it's kept on a ninety degree tilt For me and my, diggy D-O-G's, doin dirt with ease Shoulda got with that, niggaz can't fuck wit deez (can't fuck wit deez) Bitches straight pimpin Ain't no simps, and so the gang ain't simpin, it's a bitch thang And step to this one how I figure From six feet deep you push daisies and that ain't no maybe, nigga So step in my set and get yo' ass fucked up when I hitcha [How you comin?] I'm comin to getcha [Bo$$] Runnin and runnin and gunnin and comin to getcha (*3X*) [EDub] Yo, she's come to get ya, uhh [Bo$$] Runnin and runnin and gunnin and comin to getcha (*3X*) [EDub] Yo, she's come to get ya, kick it [Bo$$] There they go, down the block, got the glock cocked, here we come Straight rollin in from the streets of the boondocks Lettin mo' than just a little go Gunnin punks down - then bailin back to the vehicle Then that's when heads start swellin You ain't been told; somebody better fuckin tell 'em bout the motherfuckin misfits, out on that other shit Goin all out, and doin much dirt on the killin tip (much dirt) So save the rest for the next nigga I was born to start trouble so they labelled me a gravedigger And if the five-oh step, that's when I blast another twenty question askin punk cop motherfucker (yeah) Don't make your move before you think And fuck the judge, the jury and the god damn precinct So you can see the total picture Watch your back cause the fact is that Bo$$ is like comin to getcha [Chorus] - 1/2 [E-Dub] Now check one two, E caught the flu Funky with the style, some say I'm buckwild But step off and check out the Bo$$ you suckers and crab motherfuckers! Yo, she's comin to getcha [Bo$$] See most bitches don't fit in the category of a criminal gettin paid (yeah) where comin up is manditory Where nothing's fallin but the motherfuckin rain And nothing's changed but the weather Cause life in the ghetto still ain't gettin no better I'm takin a knot fo' a knot, throwin heavy hits Then you wonder why it's yo' ass that I'm comin to get Cause what I got I simply took a crook that takes it to the limit Life's already a bitch - without me in it I commence to make dollars and sense, pump lead Only evidence, another ditch another nigga dead If you a homie cap peeled if you play homies never stay homies long anyway, fuck it See some be throwin for bullshit, that must mean on some night I'll take yo' ass out with just one shot So when you duck from the bullets I won't give a fuck You shoulda died before they hitcha, I'm comin to getcha The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Chris Lowe f/ PMD Album: The Black Life Song: Buckwhylin' Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [PMD] Yeah, whatchu want, whatchu want Ay Chris Lowe yo Why don't you step to the mic and bless 'em with a jewel Representin two-oh-three style, y'knahwhatImean? Hit 'em in the head [Chris Lowe] Listen, to the situation my son Lowe serious as cancer, all foes is done with these beats, you got 'em from me Now you can tell I been around since the JVC I bring it back, the skull snap rap The real rhythm on the real rap track People think, the streets, as far as I see Your boulevard look hard but it's easy for me Livin out in C-T, who the hell I be Chris L-O-W-E that's me Cool with the riffin, guys keep a handle If you don't you get waxed like you a candle Behind closed doors, I schemed on yours Came back, haunted you and shocked your drawers And then the time slid, like I did a quick bid What go around come around like I'm doin right now Buckwhylin, buckwhylin, buckwhylin, buckwhylin [PMD] Yo so check the C-T, 203 that's when you catch P Straight ballin, big up New Haven, where I roll strictly My shit so raw like cocaine you wanna sniff me My dick be, hard to spit so don't piss me off, you and your crew, soft You get knocked off, you crossed the God, "Rugged & Raw" I'm warnin you all, big fat tall or small Guns or brawls, could walk away like fuck you all [Chris Lowe] You can call me Chris Lowe, but I'm a top biller Part time dealer, permanent killer You know it get ill on the shank it's for the scrilla Ha, I'm like the rest of the best, I'm a thriller See now you look like you lost, and you lost to me Action, try to find a way to start to relaxin Relaxin, you can look but you ain't seein for me Not 'less I got a hustle or muscle with P Some people shocked and amazed at who I am From Sleeping Bag cut short at Def Jam You can see me chillin ain't no skin off my back Me and Chuck Chillout, watch the funk spill out Through the speaker, feel it down in your sneaker You jump to the thump like a Reebok pump Lowe whylin [Chris Lowe] Pay attention while I rock the beat, one time Pay attention while I be rockin the jam I need a scratch - now my batteries is bangin My raps {?} raps with no explainin You can fly high, hope you don't die You know I'm the type to make the player hater cry Lookin up to me, what you think they see? The fresh fantastic fly funky MC C'mon, even the score, sound you a door Only got one album, hope I get one more So, please, take the rhymes like these The beats is red hot like a hundred degrees Son duke, this ain't a fluke So believe me when I tell you don't pull out if you ain't gon' shoot You look nervous, might as well join the circus Yo you need the discipline, trouble the shit you in Go whylin [Chorus] - 2X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Chubb Rock f/ Das EFX, PMD Album: The Mind Song: Beef Typed by: jostmatt@bluewin.ch PMD Das EFX And the C-h-u-double b Beef Here we go [ Chubb Rock ] I arrive from the steps of Sinai cause I'm fly When you're high from the lye You see me mingle in the sky The dim light superceeds the street cock fight Straight heterosex, but I still dig Van, ya dyke From the mic flip, metronome time skip, who will high-ship The Brooklyn base scholar and them niggas past Islip And ooh-ooh, I curse you with that Fugee-la voodoo Will do you like Italian deli kids slicing prosciutto I barb you like Bobbito, the airport, right through Heathrow Release murder niggas like Ito Pure hatred, cause he picked who he picked to mate with Then laced it, bourgeois player two-faced it Hey revamp the swing to parlay How black power went sour, where's Brother Jay? Where's the 'pink Cadillacs protected by' whoever? The red and the black, green, Hilfiger nigga Indians wanna protect the Lone Howling Chief So kids create beef [ CHORUS ] Beef Back in the days when we had nothin but beef At the end you may lose nothin but teeth That's fly But nowadays ask kids When they have beef, you might die Why? [ Skoob ] While niggas beef about this and biggedy-beef about that I'm with my soldiers in the Rover, never sober, fuck that Yo dun, I run with wild Crooklyn niggas with gats Pigged-push wigs back on corner spots full of criggedy-crack My niggas click back, kid, that's why we hold somethin And break your punk ass down just like you stole somethin When I rock with Chubb you block show me love Nigga what, want beef, we drawin first blood [ Krazy Drazy ] Well, it's the riggedy-rhyme dropper, the hip-hopper, you know the name I ciggedy-can't explain (why niggas beefin in the game) You see, I niggedy-never get shocked when a nigga get wet Tiggedy-talk that shit, I guess you're bound to get hit The rap zone's now a war zone, we fight on sight We wiggedy-wildin out, provin all these white folks right We like some crabs in a barrel tryin to get on top The Hit Squad, Chubb Rock represent hip-hop So kill the beef [ CHORUS ] [ PMD ] Well, when I first dropped the bait back in 1988 I couldn't wait to get straight and dominate state to state Went to feud, bullshit evil, exterminatin flows Check your grip, don't slip or get a dose on how it goes Jealous niggas, gun triggers, fuckin up the game But me you can't tame, an outlaw like Jesse James We got east versus west, bullet-proof tef' vest Who's the best? But let it rest, because there's no contest Temptation, accusations need to stop Unify hip-hop, PMD, Chubb Rock [ Chubb Rock ] Now - I will come back to the groove Now my man Common on wax slayin Ice Cube - anyway, that's cool That nigga somewhere 'higher learnin' And of course there's that famous beef between Parrish and Sermon And that's cool, both those niggas killed Jane And now there's Nice without Smooth - that's insane And I heard they squashed that, and that shit should cease Cause black mutha-uckas shouldn't beef Beef Beef Back in the daa-ays Beef Beef Back in this day there's beef Beef Back in the day there was beef Beef That shit got to cease Peace! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Cormega f/ Big Daddy Kane, Grand Puba, Kool DJ Red Alert, KRS-One, Parrish Smith Album: Fresh 12" Song: Fresh Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com, Gemini_20502K@Yahoo.com [Intro: Kool DJ Red Alert] Ok we gonna straighten this shit out right now ok! Hey I go by the name of the Kool the DJ Red Alert! OK!!!!!!!!! I got a mean lineup I got my man Cormega, Parrish Smith, Grand Puba, KRS-One, and the Big Daddy Kane!!! And it's goin down like thiiiiiiiiiiiisssssssssssssssss!!!!!!!!!!!! [Verse 1: Cormega] If you could dream it, you could be it I once sound aloud to the few guys I superseded As you near, you hear Anita Baker playin in my BM Indeed, I'm from the era of Patrick Ewing Adidas The game turned public housing to areans Bummy dudes move packs so they could buy jewels and sneakers Money grew, some adapted, others would become distracted Smokin woolies, openin they packs like Pookie I'm a fiend of hip-hop, my rap is cinematic The beat is the plot, I'm breed as a clock G's like R-P, believe it or not Prestigious in illusion that it lose you, and you not hot.. You know how I do My jewels so colorful, my daughter don't gotta watch cartoons Dudes watch my moves, like Lebron fresh out of high school My electrifyin skills, I'm raw [Verse 2: Parrish Smith from EPMD] I'm an all star baby pa, Alot of dudes is lost in the rap game chasin life of the rap star Not P, I paid my dues while you hate and snooze P always come correct no singin the blues Hip Hop's my life, P already paid the price Give me the mic and the vocal booth and y'all could keep the ice And I still run on the young ones like Jerry Rice And if you can't see in the dark then homey turn on the lights And if a sucker don't like P, the feelin is mutual Tune my rhyme into a RPM then shift to neutral Every move is crucial, catch PMD comin through the hood In the new SUV, with the chrome shoes From the L.I.E. TO QB It's Mega and P two of the nicest reppin N.Y.C. Parrish Smith you know me well from EPMD So You Gots To Chill cause niggas can't fuck me [Verse 3: Grand Puba] Uh, you know I got the shine when it's time to get mine Pop that ass with a classic-ass line (uh!) You try to step to me, I'm worse than landmines Twist yo' spine like spiral book rhymes You wanna do this, you must be out yo' mind Pop shut it down, so I'm one of a kind Get mine, fall back and recline If you look up, BAD MUH'FUCKER and that's me you gon' find Grand Puba, I can never suck That's like tryin to ride around with single-digit rim on the Caddy truck Me in this addin up, all it equals is another hot joint that I spit wit my peoples So, you know the deal, real recognize real So throw yo' hands up, let me know how you feelS 'Cause it's on now (it's on now), stack paper, like a green mile Official authentic is Grand Puba style [Verse 4: KRS-One] Here we go KRS in the spot When I spit it you can see that I am fresh they are not This that other type of lyric when you hear it you stop KRS and Cormega now that's some real hip hop I'm glad to see these MC's comin up after me Runnin up after me, doin it how it has to be This that new shit but it's old This that hot shit but it's cold Three, four, five clips when we roll Boom boom bop bip when you fold B-R-O-N-X PAY THE TOLL They standin next to the flesh I'm next to the soul My history is too complex whenever it's told One of a kind breakin the mold Refine in the mind rebuilt in the soul Health, love and awareness and wealth now that's the goal Pass the pole of the microphone that you hold I model my role with my pocket so swole Don't have to be told twice, KRS and Cormega, yo them cats too nice (HA!!!) Wa da da dang, wa da da da dang!!!! When it comes to lyrics yo them cats can't hang Wa da da dang, wa da da da dang KRS And Cormega!!!!! [Verse 5: Big Daddy Kane] Aiyyo, back up and let a real Don through to show you who this motherfuckin spot belong to So many talkin like there's somethin that they wan' do Shit, y'all niggas couldn't find the heart with John Q. I'm here to warn you, just might show off because I could really +Clap+ and make the lights go +Off+ I Enterprise like Michael and Saul, the sweat and blood'll cool Make cheddar double through, plus I'm ghetto lovable Scheme to win by any means within Shit, a nigga this here thorough won't be seen again 'Cause when my, team is in and I got green to spend Or I'ma hold the fort down just like supreme di-vine Got you stuck behind enemy lines, the whole vicinity's mine And he decline, nigga give me a sign And you don't want ventilation all up out your house Then treat my name like spoiled food, keep it out yo' mouth - nigga! [Outro: Kool DJ Red Alert] And there you have it, everybody!  Big up to everybody all across the border that understand REAL Hip Hop REAL skills, REAL lyrics I go by the name the Kool the DJ Red Alert Hey - we ain't goin a GODDAMN place! Hey, you must think we goin somewhere Hey, you must be out yo' goddamn MIND AND YA PUNK, TOO! And for all you bitches, thank you for nothin Yeeeeeeeeeaaaaaaaaaaahhhh!!!!!!!!!! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Cypress Hill f/ Def Squad Artists, MC Eiht Album: Unreleased & Revamped (EP) Song: Throw Your Hands in the Air Intro: Sen Dog Yeah Bust how we gonna bounce off this ninety-five Soul Assassins Cypress Hill joint. Yo we want everybody out there to throw their hands up... ...so get it on kid! Verse One: Erick Sermon Fresh is the word, when I display my rappin forte Quicker done than O.J., hey I freaks my shit, E the lyrical master Stress me out, no doubt, I might have to blast ya Let me ask ya, can I gets busy one time? And unwind and chill, with Cypress Hill Huh, I go on with my bad self I'm the four pound toter, the Phil blunt smoker Believe me not, I'm wicked like three sixes I'm doper than the Pete Rock remixes Never walk through the crowd sluggish I'm hardcore to the Bone, I'm Thuggish Ruggish The Green-Eyed, Bandit, I be ERRRICK SERRRMON I gets real determined And one for the trouble, and two for the bass I take it to your face with this here lyrical mace And if you don't know, y'all better recognize I'm coming through with speed, with pounds of weed Verse Two: B-Real Ahh shit, another one of those gangsta hits Niggaz wanna get busy with the ultimate Fools get real, yo I'm representin the Hill With chips and clips and tons of blue steel So who wants to be the first nigga to die? Then try and test this, buddha blessed Gemini You get thrown sent home in a coffin Punk stuff don't make it back, very often I got Erick to take care of the Sermon Ashes to ashes, dust, bodies burnin Bustin open the doors to the temple Takin you to the dark side of your mental Chorus: B-Real Kickin it to the brothers on the corners, in the alleys Throw your hands in the air Kickin it to the brothers on the corners, in the alleys Throw your hands in the air Chorus Verse Three: Redman I rhyme tricky, the sticky smoka with the mind itchy finger up on the pen, be like "He the bomb, dicky!" These off-keys MC's hawk me, they won't get off me So I kill em softly and use em as walkie talkies *bzzzzt* Turn up my level adjust my voice pitch Hoist this diagnosis, comatosis is what I leave your crew with, boom bip or some two and two shit Raw silk, cuz YOU DO IT TO MY MUSIC *Funk Doctor Spock* lock the hypest individual, to put criminal in diapers With my nigga E and Cypress, what I write bitch You swore, it was a nuclear war, crisis in your back yard, word to God, Def Squad! With my nigga Keith in the place takin charge Word up you'll get hurt up like the jury callin murder You're deaf cuz I freak shit you neva heard of Chorus Verse Four: MC Eiht Steppin to the park in the Hill you can't hang The original baby gangsta on this Compton thang Don't slip, the late night hype, is when I dip Boo-yaa is the sound from a lonely clip Can't feel me, if I was crack you'd try to steal me Heard you, and your little crew, wanna peel me Keep your hands on your hood, you get got The Green-Eyed Bandit, Cypress Hill, and the Funk Doctor Spock You wish you could hang, like I hang Dwells in the C-P-T, the hood thing G, the trigga finger, I'ma get you Hit you, the Tech 9, I'ma split you Ain't no poppin, no stoppin Tick to the tock, tick tock I hit your block Throw your hands in the air, don't bite this I squeeze, nigga please, the E down with Cypress Chorus Chorus Outro: Sen Dog Aight, for everybody All our peeps out on the corners All the alleyways For all our decesed Incarcerated peeps, brothers on the streets Nineteen ninety-five Soul Assassins in your mind The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Das EFX f/ EPMD Album: Generation EFX Song: Generation EFX Typed by: john.mangal@consunet.nl Verse: [Das EFX] Biggidee back from vacation Here to rock the whole nation Diggie Das EPMD invation Down diffa don, down diffa do, wiggidee one two Til we do, wiggidee rock the Fubu The official, launch the missile Blow the whistle at the art-official Miggidee mix sure to South Central Forget you, like amnesia, biggidee 'bove the reefa Cheap, but Das came to please ya Take the Bever, now we back son, tougher action Zoom Das, zoom Das, satisfaction Biggidee back pop popular, hip hoppin' 'em The Hit Squad, Def Squad still rockin' 'em Verse: [Parrish Smith (EPMD)] It's everytime we rock a bomb, we get ya mind open The mic's blazin', smokin', he was chokin' We don't remove walls, boom Docks, plus the sua We bring it to ya, we nightmare like Freddy Krueger So call me drama, trauma, slash comma, no one to bomba Eat tracks like Jeffrey Dahmer, from Def Jam The East West check my streetbreath, no weak steps Or rest with the ???, check my repetoir Mangin' on the resevoir, I'm eatin' caviar Ey yo I'm really try to do this far EPMD and Das Efx cold blazin' it, no face in it Got the whole world chasin' it, the scream show up Never rock you like my boa, the ill flow up Came back cause we knowed ya, another go round Grab the mic, put the flow down, you court mo' G minus 7, we 'bout to bring now Chorus: [Das EFX] Represent my, generation! Here we go, all we wanna do is flow All we know is get the dough (2x) Verse: [Das EFX] Diggidee yes yes yo, to the beat yo No matter what the game, before you walk you got to crawl Long term plannin', I make ya bounce like a Mars, line affects candy And let the music play like zany And feeds your eyes and what you never tought you see again Diggidee Das and nigga the EPMD again Ask the mildest skill We built to puff trees and with ya now Hit Squad, Kansas The Diggidee suck D's All my niggaz sqeeze, jiggaz get hot, we freeze Niggaz in the street keep figgaz, can't fuck with these niggaz Show stop us, we off the baileys and the ruckus Dread not a rasta, I'll be back Asta Verse: [Erick Sermon (EPMD/Def Squad)] What the deal is son, ain't this some shit? Caps frontin' for I even come out this bitch You forget who we are? Recognize, we spark the Benz Then split the game to the kids Now you wanna act like my crew, never happen I've payed the way for rappin', last era You can say what you want, I sit back and front The money, the jewels, the hoe, clothes, YOU KNOW Friends and fools can tell ya so about the lyrical, spiritual More it's the miracle, fly individual EPMD and Das Efx might checkin' it Side checkin' it! Chorus (2x) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DJ Clue f/ EPMD, Redman, Keith Murray Album: The Professional Song: It's My Thang '99 Typed by: Nature2QBC@aol.com		 [Keith Murray] (DJ Clue) Yeah, what up, yo it's Mr. Keith Murray The Lyrical Lexicon, the matador metaphor (NEW SHIT) Wit my niggas Redman and the EPMD, the Squadron (It's My Thing '99) Nawsayin? One time for DJ Clue, check it out (STUPID) Aiyyo, we got these hoes spreaded out like mustard The Squad go to war like General Custard I just lost my a-alike, and I'm takin it hard  And havin bad dreams of spooky voices and graveyards [Erick Sermon] First of all, I'm the E of EPMD Rockin the Player Way like Eightball & MJG Squadron, my click be fully armed I got dough, my account be fat and formed [Redman] Drinkin a Beck's, all day I think about sex Got the gaze to knock the "A" off your 'Virex Who am I? D-O, my M-O is fuck P-O Luv ta Fuck Ya, fuck ya, fuck ya, fuck ya [PMD] Aiyyo I detonate on impact So niggaz better get back The playahaters stay off the dick, P ain't wit that The blunt, I split that, bust a four wit the kick back No need to stress that chickenhead nigga, already hit that [Keith Murray] I put the pow in the wow like gun to the powder Give the hardcore niggaz something they could be proud of I get out of hand like I lost my arm Decipher the head of c-cipher like Voltron [Erick Sermon] Who got wins? those that be hard pretend You got skills? come here, let me tap that chin Bing, my style ropa-dope around the ring I'm well promoted, and don't even know Don King [Redman] Call me the Sam Cassel, shots two minute on the clock Cops know the SL hand do well Can tell by the nails you frail We can battle till your girl big ass feet out them Channels [PMD] Aiyyo my brain attack this hip hop shit aggressively My recipe, mixed wit stress and niggaz testin me Consecutively, five golds so technically You niggaz got a long way to go to catch the PMD [Keith Murray] Aiyyo we put you to the test, put it through your chest Make a mothafucker catch a cardiac arrest Live out the Fresh Fest, one of the best I asked my nigga Red Alert, he said "YEESSSSS" [Erick Sermon] I intimidate MC's from the throwing of my vocal tone It don't work, I show em the chrome and flash the greens Coincide wit the red beam, and hear about it all day on Street Scene [Redman] I Welcome niggaz like Kotter to the night marauder Pull out my gat, you'll be like "AAAGH!!" like Godfather I hang small, but when I'm hard I'm gigantic In fact, my big-ass dick sunk the Titanic [PMD] An MC massacre, got a click and crew ready to blast at ya (Why these niggaz mad, P?) cuz we the masters (CLUE!!) We catch you niggaz wit glass, and who you gon askin Like you gaspin, backin up while P's blastin [Keith Murray] I'll be like "ROOF!!" Get At Me Dog like DMX Keith Murray pack a black tech And I don't give a fuck, I can't be touched Females jump in my flow like double-dutch [Erick Sermon] My technique, knock niggaz off they feet (why) I'm Ultimate, like the fuckin break beat It's My Thing, back wit the sequel Hold my Squad down wit the chrome desert eagle [Redman] Yo, I go back like straps, puttin Lee patch where your knee at Puff wit mi-das, and no Civics wit the ski racks Shut niggaz down that be tryin to win I'll be like " Wha What What!" like I'm from CNN [PMD] So peep the Thriller of Manilla, wreck shit like Godzilla Drink Old English, can not stand Miller MC's cold rockin till the party's through Then they tap me on the shoulder and say "This Bud's for you" [DJ Clue] *echoing* DJ Clue, The Professional, uh-huh The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DJ Quik f/ Erick Sermon, Kam) Album: Balance and Options Song: U Ain't Fresh Typed by: warrioraider@hotmail.com (Verse 1 - DJ Quik) I know you like to do ecstacy, and then forget where you are Be up in a room with a stripper, and your homie Lamar Now that's a nasty threesome, a straight mis-match Instead of bangin' on the broad, you'd rather open his hatch And start packin'... and get some dookie on your tip Don't look now, you got a loogie on your lip Next time video tape it, let us all see it This is Sir Herb, I'll put you on the web - you pervert The number 23 on the beats, 'bout to do ya Mister Blake A.K.A. DJ Quik talkin' to ya And I'll prove I'm proper and yo game is whack with 1 line I'll never put my name on a track that wasn't mine This hip-hip shit, is getting stupid again These niggas gun-tottin', fightin', gettin' rutless again There's a message in the Big Book, didn't you read it? It say if niggas don't remember the past, they gonn' repeat it So I'm into ???ated That ground heart-stated And we all made it If you want a hit, nigga, call David The first name basis, depends on how the pay is 50 under the table do it enough, don't need a label 'Cause I rob from the rich and I... gives to the ?floor? The ground-level ground shovel diggin' up some more So let's stay focused 'cause the chip is the prize Now put your shit in first, nigga, and shift it to rise And like Frank Nitti, ?We 2-degree? And you haters trippin' cause I got the key to the city Not a sissy but the hoes keep callin' us pretty And you mad 'cause the bitch got me on her titty Mr. Troutman talk me talkbox, do why diddy! And I'll tell you to your ear, nigga, you sound shitty I'll take your hoe up to the room and show her no pity So call me DJ Meow Mix 'cause we gets kitty (meow) Scratchin' all the fleas off of these Stayin' high off of trees Top villian, and enjoyin' the breeze And the time I'm spendin' in yo bitch, a supreme blast In the back of my S-500 playin' Dreamcast (Chorus) You Ain't Fresh (7x) You a busta, nigga! You Ain't Fresh (7x) You a busta, nigga! (Verse 2 - Erick Sermon) Yo, yo, I'm into somethin' new, hoppin' through Quicker than the Compton Crew, and Y too Yo, what you wanna do? You ain't fresh! No contest - we cook like Raekwon the Chef And write for the skills, get set for the kill And prep for the meals, after that we chill The E-R-I-C-K is my name, I spell Bring it back like '92, with clientele And keep shit right, and make sure the sound excite Nigga in affect, like flashlight Quik and I do it 'til death In the house 'yall, blackin' out like Red & Meth Thick-boned women, in jeans and linen Yeah (whew!), make a nigga wanna go fishin' And when I walk by, girls singin' a song Like E... is like a phemomenon Ugh, al around the world they be bumpin' to E Shuttin' it down, right in your company I blow through like a gust of wind, through doors Tearin' down the roof, rippin' the floors 'Cause rap's no game, I pack heat, ain't afraid to pull it For what packs, I packs full of bullets Stop when I come through Big, Black, motherfucker fresh for '99 You suckas! (Chorus) You Ain't Fresh (7x) You a busta, nigga You Ain't Fresh (7x) You a busta, nigga (Verse 3 - Kam) Kam got get-back So get up off my dick, rat Nigga, that shit whack You want a hit track? Where Quik at? Knick, knack, patty whack I only bone dimes How you tight? You don't even write your own rhymes It's been a long time Since you last heard from me Like Bill ass Hillary, "what's up?" Still love me, pretty young thang? City I'm from bang What's up, nigga? Real G's don't wear titty and tongue rings You's a fruity-o, you make the most excuses And keep a studio full of ghost producers Young boss heard You was tryin' to floss, nerd Hollerin' "which side is the realest?" Who you steal that from? (Mausberg) The street slang thief is your chief employment You live a life full of grief after brief enjoyment Fake gang bangers, when you see us, tuck all rags Adios, buenos dias, fuck y'all fags! (Chorus) You ain't fresh You ain't fresh... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Dr. Dre & Ed Lover f/ Erick Sermon, Keith Murray Album: Back Up Off Me! Song: It's Goin' Down Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Erick Sermon] Yeah ya don't stop In the motherfuckin house and ya don't stop Ed Lover's in the motherfuckin house and ya don't stop One-two, one-two Representin Queens, and ya don't stop Representin Ed Lover, Dr. Dre one time, one-two So what'cha gon' do? [Ed Lover - overlapping Erick] Yeah, hahaha.. it's goin DOWWN! E-Double.. ready to kill this shit but I gotta represent, knowhatI'msayin? On some East coast shit, cause niggaz don't think that I.. I got mad skills, check this out [Erick Sermon] Road call! E rock the mic for alla y'all The beat technician, real with no science fiction I come way from beneath with my shit Here's Erick, choppin down the door like Jack Nich' (heyyy) The super duper, Superfly break loose I'm deeper than Roots, Skywalk on niggaz like I'm Luke Punk, I flow rhymes all the time Gettin mines, get props like Prince or The Sign Whatever - I Jumpin Jack Flash on that sorry ass real quick, for niggaz that get slick (word 'em up) Heyy, if you didn't know I'm Erick Sermon (yeah) The Green Eyed one, you step to me you gettin done Flame, number two is ready A drunk MC with rice, served, thinkin he was nice Also with my clique, is Ed Lover My entourage other brother Chorus: [Ed Lover] + (Erick Sermon) It's goin DOWWWN (one-two, and ya don't stop) (One-two, and ya don't quit) Hell, yeah, it's goin DOWWWN (one-two, and ya don't stop) (One-two, and ya don't quit) You ready sucka? It's goin DOWWWN (Ed Lover's in the house, one-two y'all) (Ed Lover's in the house, one-two y'all) It's goin DOWWWN (one-two, and ya don't quit) (It's part two on the verse gettin down like this) [Ed Lover] Check this out Bow to the wow, yippie yo yippie yay It's the Ed Lover with my OWN Dr. Dre Special shout out, to the D-O-double-G They can't tame ya so they framed ya for a 187 G With a bow wow whoa, let me go, let me know Lettin ya know I'm still down with my homies down below And ain't nuttin changed, ain't a damn thing strange First name is still Ed, my middle name is still James But hold up, wait! Let me pause for the cause I'm bustin all them suckers that be givin up them drawers Let them slide up in your back, for a fat contract More Famous than Amos, but your shit is still wack! And Calvin Klein's, no friend of mine I only Karl Kani's, on my behind So when you see me comin nigga gots to break wild Ed Lover, Ed got love - for the other side Chorus: [Ed Lover] + (Erick Sermon) Hah yeah (it go like this, like that y'all) (To the beat to the beat to the beat y'all) Here we go - it's goin DOWWWN! (One-two it's goin down y'all) (One-two, one-two, it's goin down y'all) All you clowns - it's goin DOWWWN! (Like this y'all, it's goin way down, way down) E-Double - it's goin DOWWWN! (Ed Lover, is in the house) (Dr. Dre..) [Keith Murray] Now Keith Murray's in a hurry quick fast to get up in that ass with some ol' ill shit, and a paragraph All y'all rappers comin with that happy-dappy scared to be nappy shit makes me wanna laugh Believe me you I'll come through with a crew,  that's sicker than the flu You couldn't even take these niggaz to the zoo Cause when I rap competition perform disappearin acts and I jam like Smuckers My style is funky like a six-pack of motherfuckers Murray emphasizes on rough poetry With formality, with no sympathy I'm on the MC killer streak like John Wayne Gacy with the funk, which is essentional with my recipe And I'm beatin Mother Nature down to her knees by makin more papers than trees, niggaz please - it's goin down Chorus: [Ed Lover] + (Erick Sermon) It's goin DOWWWN! (Uhh like this y'all) (It's goin down like this like that y'all) Y'all niggaz don't fuck around It's goin DOWWWN! (Word 'em up like that y'all) (It's goin down like this word 'em up) Heyyyyy, it's goin DOWWWN! (Yeah, it's goin down like this y'all) (Like that like this y'all) All the ladies in the 90's y'all, it's goin DOWWWN! (It's goin down, it's goin down like this y'all) Now this what I want all y'all ladies to say Say this right, come over here Say heyyayyyayyyayyy, Ed Lover Say heyyayyyayyyayyy, Erick Sermon Say heyyayyyayyyayyy, Redman (come on y'all) Say heyyayyyayyyayyy, everybody Say heyyayyyayyyayyy, Ed Lover Say heyyayyyayyyayyy, Erick Sermon Say heyyayyyayyyayyy, Redman Say heyyayyyayyyayyy, Dr. Dre It's goin DOWWWN! That's how we comin for the nine-fo' y'all It's goin DOWWWN! Yeah.. it's goin DOWWWN The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Funkmaster Flex f/ EPMD Album: The Mix Tape Volume III: 60 Minutes of Funk Song: EPMD Freestyle Typed by: halfwaythug@hotmail.com (Erick Sermon talking) Ah, yeah yeah yeah Funkmaster flex yeah the final chapter Volume 3 understand that squadron; Das Efx, Keith Murr Redman, and Nocturnal, Epmd '98 Understand that, new year, new chear, new cash flow Understand on the 1 2 yeah  Feel me on this one..unh, unh (verse 1) We up in d-n-d making it happen, once more I'm lookin' for the fugees to split the score Nahmean? I'm out for the dough no less When I got 100 mil to spend, there's no stress And you cats kill me, It takes more than dreams to fulfill me Y'all feel me Cock the automatic, I'm systematic, michael jackson screaming And those emcees not beleiving I get up and I wreck em quickly Black-out, no doubt, you won't even beleive ripley Don't shit me, I see right through your frame, it's frail You and your crew live a tall tale The squadron understand that ED The black human being The green-eyed bandit, come inside, and let me show you what it's about Like sean puffy combs when there's no way out, nigga (Parish Smith talking) Yeah, epmd, funk flex,  (verse 2) Yo, volume 3, final chapter gotta blast ya Crash ya, total ya frame, when I smash ya You get plastered, trying to fuck wit the master The emcee slasha, stock bond and check casha Been rappin for neons, crushin peons Nice like deion, '98, EPMD's on Grand finale, from New York, back to Cali Ghetto stlye, for the projects in the street alley Funk flex, desert eagle with the teks Teflon vest, hollow points, with the silver tips Tires crome, red leather for the benz whip Diamond bracelet, plus some others for the wild pit Squadron shuttin' shit down in a hurry Epmd red noc das plus keith murray (parish talking) Word Up Epmd Erick sermon Parish smith For the '98 final chapter  Volume 3 funk flex The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ja Rule f/ Erick Sermon Album: Venni Vetti Vicci Song: E-Dub and Ja Typed by: BaLPLaya34@aol.com [Ja Rule] Uh, yeah  It's Ja Rule baby It's E-Dub Yeah Def Squad Uh Y'all motherfuckers think it's a game right? Get da name right R-U-L-E baby My shit is airtight Compressed, dead all da non-sense Pass da 4-5th and load up the cartridge E Reved up da 6  We about to blow out like bitchez wit bad kidz Once u feelin da slugz hit  Datz as real as it gets Then you wonda Why da quake can come from unda-neath, while you figure it out  You on da streetz Laid out wit da gun still stuck in yo mouth Fuckin wit Ja is suttin Niggaz fearfully doubt Cuz I don't give a fuck I don't give a fuck, god may I ask from yo prayer so my soul don't die These is real tears I cried And dreamz don't lie When they tell me dat I'm doin good in da devilz eyez But I preach to Im  Be dat same, Nigga put da heat to Im Askin E Dub what da fuck you wan do to Im [E-Dub] E-Dub and Ja An eye for an eye, Gat for Gat Peep Game, Cover the Mic and Spit Flamez Two cats who come strapped, self contained Ain't shit this raw since Big Daddy Kane Heavyweight, I knock a Nigga out in two Put him to sleep, see dreamz and swear it wasn't true  Look at you, lame, I'm iller, rhyme killa, Comin thru like da return of Godzila Chorus: Ja and {E-Dub} Now can I tell ya  E and Ja top doggz, def squad,  Fuckin wit us is like, {suicide} Bow down, real niggaz on da move comin thru blazin you Cuz we are {livin l-i-i-fe}  Thug style, Hennesey, Blazin treez, Gettin g's, indeed, Cuz we will {do or d-i-i-i-e} Right now by any meanz {Words is bond word is bond} [Ja Rule] Ain't nobody touchin da ground dat I walk on  My Love, It's just so strong If you crossin me you dead wrong And you know cuz you feel it in yo heart nigga And you don't sleep cuz yo soul might fall apart nigga If you feelin me now, The strenght got you settlin down We puttin in work In otha words we puttin in roundz Take two for now  Ja and E-Dub Strictly for the love We fuck hoez and bust slugz, Nigga Why in da world would you put me in da position To put niggaz out of commision, love, willin and wishin Cuz I'm feelin the need to cut off da air dat you breathe By any means it's Ja and E no in beetweens [E-Dub] Now we move agile,  You and yo niggaz is fragile Like glass and UPS boxes, Shit watch this Still housin, The year 2000's now So fear this or we in yo face niggaz, BLAAU Chorus: Ja and {E-Dub} Now can I tell ya  E and Ja top doggz, def squad,  Fuckin wit us is like, {suicide} Bow down, real niggaz on da move comin thru blazin you Cuz we are {livin l-i-i-fe}  Thug style, Hennesey, Blazin treez, Gettin g's, indeed, Cuz we will {do or d-i-i-i-e} Right now by any meanz {Words is bond word is bond} [Ja Rule] Now what I love is to see my niggaz on top And I feel that we can't be stopped And my life don't mean shit to me But my life gon make history Feel me, a nigga ain't supposed to be  As deadly, and you ain't even close to me  Respect me, cuz we livin dangerously Luv me, cuz y'all cant even FUCK wit me Chorus: Ja and {E-Dub} Now can I tell ya  E and Ja top doggz, def squad,  Fuckin wit us is like, {suicide} Bow down, real niggaz on da move comin thru blazin you Cuz we are {livin l-i-i-fe}  Thug style, Hennesey, Blazin treez, Gettin g's, indeed, Cuz we will {do or d-i-i-i-e} Right now by any meanz {Words is bond word is bond} Uhhhhh........ The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Method Man & Redman f/ Erick Sermon Album: Blackout! 2 Song: Mrs. International Typed by: Cno Evil [Intro: Method Man] Yeah, nice Dedicated to all the beautiful people in the house You know who you are Yeah, Redman, Method Man, Blackout! 2 Sexy... [Method Man] Hair and nails done up, girl, you got your act together You get the thumbs up, your raw footage is uncut Fronting like them goodies is untouched We both knew this money's is young bucks Ma, you ever take a trip to Shang-a-lot Too many hard shames, the hardest one is saying goodbye Look here, time is money, let me save you some time And in your spare time, fully understand I'm a rare find You know, so pick a day and pick a place and we there for sure Slow up the pace, this ain't no race, and there you go I'm dope money, girl, that mean I got cash to blow She love it though, she so international Not around the way, around the world And you be stunting when you around your girls But you classy, though, I'm feeling your vibe, you feeling the high The G4 is ready to fly, is you ready to ride? Let's go [Chorus: Erick Sermon (Method Man) {Redman}] International (Now we can creep, we can lay on the beach, you know Then hit the sheets, I'll let you play with my feet, you know She keep it low, she so international) International {Hey, I like a girl that'll roll me a blunt, you know With pretty feet, cook me something to eat, you know You not a groupie, you're international} [Redman] Hey, you know me, girl, who I be, girl The big whale that bailed outta SeaWorld What's your name, show me I.D., girl You look black and a little Chinese, girl Hey, wait a minute, where you going, shorty? Try to sneak past me like you ain't balling You look sweet like Tweet, baby, c-c-call me Matter of fact, wasn't you on Maury? I'm just playing, hey miss thang Hey, hey, miss thang, how you gon' miss me? I got tickets, let's roll to the Knicks game You Teena Marie, and baby, I'm Rick James Excuse me, where you going, mama? I wanna change, I voted for Obama Bring in the new, kick out the old timers Let's talk while we go and meet your mama [Chorus: Erick Sermon (Redman) {Method Man}] International (Hey, I like a girl that's thick in the waist, you know The kind of girl, that'll finish your plate, you know You not greedy, you international) International {The type of chick I like'll wheelie your bike, you know Rock the mic, roll a Philly uptight, you know I like it though, she so international} [Method Man] Seems to me, me, you a queen to be You mean girl, but you don't mean to be Got your crown and your throne, little castle you can rest your dome And we can smoke a little greenery, you know? You getting that dough, let's get it and go on this cruise I'm taking it slow, you painting your toes, and it's cool Fuck with your dude, I'm fucking with you Like an overnight celebrity, Miss Nothing to Lose [Redman] Yo, hey, hey, miss lady, my boricua I heard your Applebum like Bonita Your accent telling me you from the eastside Take off your shoes, you bout five feet high I get high, what about you? A jungle brother, and baby I house you Your feet looking real good in them house shoes You're not a groupie, you international [Chorus: Erick Sermon] International... International... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Keith Murray f/ Kel Vicious, LBM, Passion, Erick Sermon Album: Get Lifted CD-5 Song: Pay Per View Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash * sample repeats in background from Redman's "Cosmic Slop" (4X)   --> Attention passenger's we're on a non-central journey    To Hell and beyond [Erick Sermon] Hahaha Good evening all you blunt smokers Welcome to the Darksides of Def Squad Where you bout to hear the voices of Passione, LBM, Kel Vicious, Keith Murray Takin you to the Legion of Dume, and beyond This is a Pay Per View event Some shit you wanna hear, yaknahmsayin? Let's get ready to rumble, yeah.. [LBM] When my, Funk's mastered like Flex I touch more earsets than Nynex LBM puts words together like Triple Yahtzee Performin open heart surgeries with a hand-grip shottie My creepy wisdom mixed with leaky ism splits em and attacks the rhythm like an exorcism Blood leaks out my ink pen, I start killin stinkin, bitches like ??Joe Rifkind?? (Rifkind.. Rifkind..) YAHH!! I strangle angels from a Brooklyn angle Rectangular mangle (and TANGO) incur single [E. Sermon sings like Method Man] P-A-S-S-I-O-N [Passion] As the world goes around, I'm breakin down competitors like the predator, niggaz check my metaphors (yea, word up) Let the bullshit, ride, put the clip inside the steel When the verbal starts to peel, motherfuckers know the deal (YEAH) Like AC/DC (word?) I'm charged off the energy The cipher is my soul psych the soul is my serenity (word up) Time and time again I grip the pen with a vengeance Disruption of your cypher niggaz label me a menace The villain, I'm feelin, another, lyrical combustion eruptin, bustin out my brain (whoo!) So ignite the flame it's the lyrically insane I, open up the vault searchin for the buried treasure With ?? in the brain, increase the measures do whatever [Keith Murray] Whatever.. NIGGAZ! K-Keith Mu.. Keith what? Y'all niggaz don't want it, I get widdit Quicker, than a nigga with a piss-bag done shitted Niggaz, be like, quit it Cause my renditions be expeditions for niggaz on them straight looney missions (nigga) Funk Lord Productions be sayin somethin (word) For niggaz in the street who wanna fight and press charges, I got somethin (bitch) Throw that, you could get the bozack Cause I leave homicide mummified and all you hoes know that [Erick Sermon] Right about now, it's Kelly Kel Kel Vicious, bout to get.. ill [Kel Vicious] I make a hundred crews give me enough respect Cause my shit got the major funk effect, so check it Select it, my rap style be highly respected Challenge Kel Vicious get burnt, expect it I'm twenty-one, and I'm a phe-nom-enon The Def Squad, L.O.D. live on and on These forty ounce drinkers, drinkers, big drug sellers Smellin like a blunt and if you front I'll split your melon What's your name? Kelly Kel, where you from? I'm from C.I. What the FUCK you wanna know for punk? You ready to die? Your biological clock, is tickin while I'm kickin forty ounce dreams of blunts and wishes for you trick-ass bitches This is Mr. Kel Vicious with the ill funk flow Knockin punks out like my name was Riddick Bowe * sample repeats in background from Redman's "Cosmic Slop" (to fade)   --> Attention passenger's we're on a non-central journey    To Hell and beyond [Erick Sermon] Yo, haha, and that was just like I told ya was gonna be for all them niggaz rockin Daisy Duke and Reebok pumps Up in ya, ya tricks The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Keith Murray f/ Redman, Erick Sermon, Too $hort Album: It's a Beautiful Thing Song: Ride Wit Us Typed by: kill4747@Hotmail.com [Keith Murray] Yeah, ride with me, yeah! Yeah! Ride with me Roll ya down windows and ride with me (All: Ride with us) Yeah! Bitch (All: Ride with us) Yeah! (All: Ride With us) Roll up ya windows and (All: Ride with us) [Verse 1: Too $hort] Let's smoke this Oakland Indo don't roll down the window Start the car we ain't going to far You know that big booty girl you're always fucking wit? She got a sister, I really want to get Some Georgia girls, some College Park You already fucked when we get to start it off Park in a drive-way, it won't take long Do it like that it goes, on and on You know this the kind of the shit I know you want E made the beat, let me show you something (Erick Sermon: Yeah) Quite a few hate us, wanna see us play out But we got the formula to get paid now (Erick Sermon: Word up) You can't stand in the way of success We got the same job but you make much less I remember how it used to be (Erick Sermon: Like what?) before we had crack If you had a few hundreds in your pocket that was fat [Erick Sermon-Chorus] If you feel like smoking then (All: Ride with us) (Redman: Yeah!) Hop the train with no token (Bitch) (All: Ride with us) (Redman: Yeah!) If ya don't give a fuck then (All: Ride with us) [Keith Murray] Roll ya windows down and (All: Ride with us) [Erick Sermon] If ya got +5 On It+ then (All: Ride With us) (Redman: Yeah!) And if ya hate fake niggas then (All: Ride with us) (Redman: Yeah!) And if ya cool pull triggers then (All: Ride with us) [Redman] Roll up ya windows and (All: Ride with us) [Verse 2: Keith Murray] Aiyyo, I lick two shots it's heard around the world Check out our forty and a blunt can take a nigga girl (Take a nigga girl) Like E ? don't say nothing I'm hunting (Redman: Word) On the microphone, it's the eve of destruction (Redman: Yeah!) As the world goes around like passion you get flat in a orderly fashion You was warn like a coming detraction I got playa hated, felt liberated Put em on a burner cause nigga violated (Redman: Word! Word!) We scamper like guide dogs through the fog If ya feel like you wanna hop, leap like a frog (Like a frog!) Like a Sergent General, get busy chief (Redman: Word up) The fastast way to spell wrong relief is Keith! (Redman: Keith!) I leave you ass'd out like a cocain droute Aiyo, can I get a witness like Andre Crotch? (Redman: Crotch!) Niggaz need to stop frontin, bitches need to stop stuntin (Redman: Word!) Cause they know fuck well they can't stop my production [Erick Sermon-Chorus] If ya like smoking then (All: Ride with us) (Redman: Yeah!) Hop the train with no token (All: Ride with us) (Redman: Yeah!) If ya don't give a fuck then (All: Ride with us) [Redman] Roll ya windows down and (Too $hort: Beotch!) (All: Ride with us) [Erick Sermon] And If ya got +5 On It+ then (All: Ride With us) And if ya hate fake niggas then (All: Ride with us) And if ya cool pull triggers then (All: Ride with us) [Redman] Roll up ya windows and (All: Ride with us) [Verse 3: Redman] Aiyyo, I got the, forty acres without the fucking mule Doc Ike Turner, giving mic's audio abuse (Erick Sermon: Word up) I smack a big mouth bitch, and her baby sitter and her lesbian friend, and  that nigga with her I don't give a fuck I smack blood outta midget My tactics make Evil D say "Come on, kick it!" A black five with rims which could spot me in When I die, I snatch you like Doc Kervorkian So turn the beat up while Narcs got me on sweep up (Uh-huh) I'm lucky, I usually tote more guns than Peter (Ha-ha) I'll fuck you up till where you forehead and cut meat up You wanna box I +Square+ more than Madison Arena (Ding!) Backstabbing bitches and niggas, EAT A DICK! Plus, you never heard the Doc do nothing like this Backstabbing bitches and niggas, EAT A DICK! Plus, you never heard the Doc do nothing like this [Erick Sermon-Chorus] If ya like smoking then (All: Ride with us) Hop the train with no token (Bitch) (All: Ride with us) (All: Yeah!) If ya don't give a fuck then (All: Ride with us) [All] Roll ya windows down and ride with us [Erick Sermon] And If ya got +5 On It+ then (All: Ride With us) (Redman: Yeah!) And if ya hate fake niggas then (All: Ride with us) (Redman: Yeah!) And if ya cool pull triggers then (All: Ride with us) [Redman] Roll up ya windows and (All: Ride with us) [Erick Sermon] Come on ride with us, ride with us Come on, ride with us, ride with us Come on, ride with us, ride with us Ride ride ride ride ride ride ride Come on, then ride with us, ride with us Come on, ride with us, ride ride The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Keith Murray f/ Erick Sermon, Redman Album: Rap-Murr-Phobia Song: U Ain't Nobody Typed by: fywhlayahoo.com (Def Squad) (hoody-hoo!) Yo, you know what it is (L.O.D.) You know what it is (hoody-hoo!) Yo, you ain't nobody, body, body [Erick Sermon] Who the fuck, am I, fuel to the fire You washed up niggaz should be thrown in the dryer And in due time I'll pull your cover And then you'll suffer, you foul motherfucker You baldheaded sucker, your body full of blubber You only got here 'cause moms popped the rubber I got your number, and I don't care who you get My click is sick, y'all can all lay under And nigga you old, I don't wanna go to a all-time low with your kids screamin' (NO!) You a liar, you're stingy and phony too That's why your people in your own hood hate you And niggaz try to comb out my wig I split 'em wide, it's all outdoors like zig-zag-zig To whom it may be concernin', the crew is Def Squad and I'm the Green Eyed Bandit, Erick Sermon You know what it is (Def Squad) You know what it is (hoody-hoo!) Yo, you ain't nobody, body, body You know what it is (L.O.D.) You know what it is (hoody-hoo!) Yo, you ain't nobody, body, body [Keith Murray] And I just love when a nigga try to pop that shit I dare a nigga ever try to challenge my intelligence Your flow is irrelevant, I'm fresh, that's evident My 360's sick, I call 'em Seabiscuit's Check his vocabulary, listen to his flow He sayin' things that I said seven years ago And it ain't about how many niggaz you got It's about who drove first and who get popped I'm a chip off the old block, hip off the old hop Clip out the gold glock, pimp out the whole spot Sell out the whole stock - stop sleepin' on me motherfuckers, wake up, last stop And I don't play games, y'all dudes is Tetris I'll kill MC's over Instant Message I got it, I'll front it, you want it, come and get it You know I don't care, I'm with it, 'cause I live it You know what it is (Def Squad) You know what it is (hoody-hoo!) Yo, you ain't nobody, body, body You know what it is (Gilla House) You know what it is (hoody-hoo!) Yo, you ain't nobody, body, body [Redman] Yo, I'll rock backyard to backyard A fat broad to the snack bar I'll shut down another rap star My arm like Terry Bradshaw Out in Cali they jungle talk like Madagascar Redman raw, still here nigga more Fresh than the Prince in Bel-Air nigga like O.D.B. I take welfare nigga Rob the mailman, shit, hell yeah nigga The strong move silent, laws to adopt to But in Brick City, the silent get shot too You gonna stop who? It's Redman I plan to stick around like a Spiderman costume L.O.D., somebody woke the ape up So I'ma ride for 2 Tek and A-Plus Def Squad niggaz whoop yo' ass Fuck a punchline, my shit is hook and jab Bitch! You know what it is (Def Squad) You know what it is (hoody-hoo!) Yo, you ain't nobody, body, body You know what it is (L.O.D.) You know what it is (hoody-hoo!) Yo, you ain't nobody, body, body You know what it is (Gilla House) You know what it is (hoody-hoo!) Yo, you ain't nobody, body, body You know what it is (Def Squad) You know what it is (hoody-hoo!) Yo, you ain't nobody, body, body The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Keith Murray f/ Erick Sermon, Redman Album: He's Keith Murray Song: Yeah Yeah U Know It Typed by: PhattKidd13@aol.com [Keith Murray] Just blaze, you son-of-a-gun {"Uh-huh, uh-huh" - repeat 13X over chorus} Yeah yeah you know it, ain't scared to show it we do dis' like we want to and don't give fuck Yeah yeah you know it, ain't scared to show it [Verse 1: Keith Murray] Lights, camera, action you're on "Excuse me Murray, but your ah ah ah on" I spit the (ha ha ha ha ha) word bond cuz cats out here dont be sayin' jack bone I get raw and explicit when I spit it on the mic Old folks say, "That boy need the lord in his life" Nigga, think you can phase me??? but nigga, you must be crazy!!! It go "Est loco, dame un beso" Dominican girls, them call us negro I keep a short pony, short camel toe the reason why man, I dont know no matter where I go, here I go, there I go I'm proper And keep shit poppin like Orville Redenbacher More freaky-deaky wit' the speechy I stay off the meat rag B (exactly) [Chorus] - repeat 2X [Verse 2: Erick Sermon] Seromon, bless a flow you know Hod sent me Time is money, and my time cost like a Bentley I'm dope (oh yeah you know it) got a infared beam (ain't scared to show it) Peep it, check my movement this here feel rite (how???) Check his cap make sure his pill rite (boy) You a fake thug wit' a deal The only gang you represent is sugar Hill You cats is kittens boy drink this milk Put down that Hennessy son ya killin' me Dub, I snatch the corn from the children stashed it in ya homeboy's buildin' (Stop he's killin' him somebody call the cops!!!) Yeah call 911, and watch no one come That's to show how nice I am The fifth group Russell signed to Def Jam [Chorus] - repeat 2X [Verse 3: Redman] Im the bed I'm the marathon man, redman Hittin' more walls than aerasol cans, don't I??? (Yeah Yeah you know it) And when I fuck?? (Ain't scared to show it) And when the Brick's outta control, barricade the city There's an outbreak in ya outta state committee You seen it (yeah yeah you know it) And if you got it?? (Ain't scared to show it) You want the bad guy - here I am I got them hoes on gilla-cam Throwin' the drawers in the ceilin' fan You as small as a kilogram I'm a airplane ridin' over colombia, ya middle man I'm the boss Doc-ta Binaca Shut up all the gossip, bring the rasta I whoop ass like Ike Turner any day When I stomp Mc's out I yell "Annie Mae??" Whether I'm hot or not, pidgeons gon' flock They gon' get that wig done fa' diggin' on Doc Find me 'round the aisle in frozen food Because I am so cool, cool, cool, cool Whores, whores, whores, whores hoooooooooooooooooooooooooooo!!! [Chorus] - repeat to fade The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Redman f/ Biz Markie, Erick Sermon, Keith Murray Album: Red Gone Wild Song: Walk in Gutta Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com [Intro] {"One-two one-two"} ... W, K, Y, A Haha, Def Squad niggaz {"One-two one-two"} Gilla Gilla Gilla Gilla, Gilla House Ooh {"So let's do a little somethin like this"} [Redman] Yeah, yo, check it out I'ma walk in gutta, get that butter Only dude with a weed sign on the chucker Hood down, car kinda loud from the muffler Like DAMN when I profile at the Rucker Bitches +Got Game+, I'm _Above the Rim_ Call my gun Magnolia Soulja Slim Do "The Freak" on the floor, two steps to the side Talk greasy like Popeye's breast and a thigh I got sour diesel roll One hit of this bitch, your whole staff is (out of control) {"Ohh!"} I'm programmed for winnin, Sean John to denim Fly guy got shoes with fish in water swimmin You pointed me out, bad guy with the mouth I'm Oscar, no wonder muh'fucker I'm a +Grouch+ I work around dirt, eyes focused on turf You tried to hide before your NexTel chirp! Blaow gotcha, you the best nigga call the doctor Like Chinese tryin to salsa It's never gonna be in +Groove+, call Stella back Holiday Inn 'em, then back in the shuttle van Bitch give me head on the first date, what a fan Three best MC's I think on the other hand Stand like an officer, not a gentleman Niggaz get rich off of stolen car settlements! [Chorus: Biz Markie] + (Erick Sermon) I say yes yes y'all {"One-two one-two"} to the beat y'all Party havin people guaranteed to be like havin a ball Hah hey-hey-hey, we gon' do a lil' somethin like this I say (Y'knowmsayin so I said) I say yes yes y'all {"One-two one-two"} to the beat y'all Party havin people guaranteed to be like havin a ball Hah hey-hey-hey {"So let's do a little somethin like this"} (Huh, huh, y'knowmsayin so I said) [Erick Sermon] (Yeah) I also walk in gutta, holdin my dick A New York nigga man back in the mix I walk up in the spot man cameras click Cheese, all out my pocket; can't stop it (uhh) All you can do now boy is just respect it I ain't par tomorrow but the E is connected Look what happens when you spin the records Hip-Hop at its best, nothin to mess with (yeah) I'm right here, there's no need to download I attract hoes, I ain't gotta hound those I call the shots, no need to brown-nose Cut the check at 40 grand for shows I'm +Fresh+ like Doug E., I show ya The beat got it +Clap+ like them boys from 'Nolia, I told ya Yeah, I do it real big by a coat check With no bling-bling around my neck, yup Redman and Sermon, with two icons Nigga, I got a gut, fuck pythons I'm an extremist (huh) who shake tracks the meanest I'm what a hip-hop fiend is [Keith Murray] Yeah, I also walk in gutta, reppin my clique A Def Squad nigga yeah, all in your mix Niggaz talk shit you get your ass kicked I ain't a Blood, but I'll throw you out the whip (word up) What you know about Pinot Gregio and roasted duck (huh?) With a mean street team outside posted up Toasted up, ready to roast a duck (uh-huh) When I say street team, I don't mean niggaz that put posters up (word) Let's be blatant, you achin and ancient We capered in your hood with dirty machetes and bloody aprons I'll acquire a tec, quiet your rep Stay quiet as deaf, or Kanye's choir rep (uh-huh) As I make another left, quiet I crept, quiet you slept I'm back with the tec, like I never left (surprise niggaz!) See frivolous beef'll get you curiously shot (uh-huh) You fuckin with Keith, I think seriously not (hell no) I ATTACK like a blue-nose pit off gunpowder (yeah) And love to soup the beef up just like clam chowder With my Squad in the house, we misbehave Get drunk and tongue-kiss bitches like Flavor Flav {"One-two one-two... please man don't get with that bullshit"} {"So let's do a little somethin like this..."} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: R.L. f/ Erick Sermon Album: R.L.ements Song: I Got Me a Model  Typed by: playaz_67@yahoo.com * * send corrections to the typist (J.D.) R.L., E-Dub (huh huh Def Squad) So So Def  (Erick Sermon) Yo peep the game two industry kids One of us 'contagious' like Mr. Biggs Two never fib True; rest at crib Live, with a model chick and one kid You ain't trill you pimp still With no game, buying them chicks with small fame yeah I'm here boy to bust your bubble R.L., J.D. and me? I'm E double (R.L.) Everybody, they ask me Who they girl? as she walks past them She's mine though, and she knows that I'll never let her go So she grabs my hand, let's all the fellas know that I'm her man She pulls me close and dances slow Then whispers in my ear let's go (Chante Moore) We can do whatever it is that you wanna do As long as I can spend my whole night with you (R.L) Jump in, my whip, and go back to my crib for some touching It's a nice body (I got me a model) She can't look like a shorty (I got me a model) She knows how to party (I got me a model) I gotta tell somebody (I got me a model) She ain't level headed (I got me a model) Thinkin' bow legged (I got me a model) So why ain't Mama trickin' (I got me a model) Fellas get to listen (I got me a model) [R.L.] Check She's bangin', tonight I'm speaking of this girl of mine She got me, no lie I think I found the love of my life So sexy, so fly Ease the way to my six parked outside She wants me, it's time Then she looks me in my eyes and says (Let's go) (Chante Moore) We can do whatever it is that you wanna do As long as I can spend my whole nights with you (R.L) Jump in, my whip, and go back to my crib for some touching (Chorus) (Bridge) She's a chick who you speak to I let her freak too Put your hands up high let me know I speak true I'm a tell you, what you gon' do Don't you dare let her loose Listen when she tell you (Erick Sermon) Ayo it's me again Erick Sermon Say ah that's my friend When I walk by haters cringe I shine like rims When I rock they get's Ugly like Bubba Sparxxx and Tim Plus when I come through, got my chick with me Brown skin 5' 10" a buck 50 That's what I'm talkin' bout And Michael Johnson jumpin out the gate Chill she says (Chante Moore) We can do whatever it is that you wanna do As long as I can spend my whole night with you (R.L) Jump in, my whip, and go back to my crib for some touching (Chorus) (J.D. Talking in background till fade) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Keith Sweat f/ Playa, Too $hort and Erick Sermon Album: Still In The Game Song: Love Jones Typed by: janis@betatesters.com [Playa] We can go on and on [Erick Sermon]  Ah ha, one two y'all [Too Short]  Uh uh, nobody, ah [Eric Sermon] Woo, woo, this is E, Short Dog and Sweat We vets Coming through, hot to death, place your bets Baguettes swing from the neck Make wanna-be playas show us mad respect (word up) Yo, dog (whassup?) He daughter said it's cheaper to keep her If she gets fly then, hmmmm (leave her) E, G hooked it up, Short dog and Sweat Got the average girl wanna inhale and catch her breath (What, what, what, what) [Playa] 1 - 	We can go on and on 	We can go on and on 	Don't sleep on  	Our love jones 	Cuz we got it goin' on 	You know it ain't wrong 	We can go on and on 	We can go on and on and on and on  	Our love jones 	Not to be sleepin' on  	We can go along [Keith Sweat] In the morning when the sunlight hits my eyes I just lay there thinkin' how your lovin' keeps me in a jive Ain't no question, you can love me baby Like nobody can What you do to me, my baby girl I just don't understand Now we can go on Repeat 1 I would never ever, baby do you wrong (ha) In the midnight hour I will always keep this lovin' strong Just surrender your love, baby girl, and I'll surrender mine All I wanna do right now, my girl, is baby, take my time (Huh, nah-mean, word up) So we can go on Repeat 1 [Too Short] Hey, yo baby Ain't got no tatoos But when I walk in the room they pose like statues I size 'em all up, I used to take my pick But now I'm on some high powered new improved shit Deep down inside, it never goes away I just might knock a few hoes today It's ok, I really get pay makin' phone calls Told you once before, I'm in it for the long haul The last in the business, make the transition Do I have what it takes  Or do you have the right intentions to git with a playa Even if it means you gotta play the back ground so you can see some green No video's or groupies, who ever got the talent Rush her to the house and let her pose for the camera Don't let the freak in you keep you up all night Get your money on girl, don't waste your life Repeat 1 until fade The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tony Touch f/ Method Man, Redman, Erick Sermon Album: The Piece Makers 3: Return of the 50 MC's Song: Let's Go Typed by: Gemini_20502K@Yahoo.com [Intro: Redman] (Erick Sermon) Yeah! (Redman!) Yessir! Tony Toca! [Verse One: Redman] Aiyyo! Aiyyo I am Hip Hop look through the lens (Lens) My fitted cap got the gold sticker on the brim (Brim) I look like a eight (Eight!) But I flow like a ten (Ten!) The New Jack that got G-Money on a stem I started in 9-2, back in the 2G Funk Doc to Jamal How High the movie Got new money (YEAH!) Got new clothes (Yeah!) I look super bad I'm a get that fo' sho' Fo' sho' I'm a get that fo' sho' I got it I crank up the bass in the car's power outage Mastered my paper I've been 'Bout It 'Bout It Graduated the streets and dropped out of college Bitch gimme knowledge, fuck study hall You can say, I got my Phd in the car A hood nigga, drink out peanut butter jars Red and Meth, rockin the bells like Todd  [Chorus: Erick Sermon & Redman] (Tony Touch Scratchin) LET'S GO! (I-I-I-I-It's like this y'all, and you don't stop-"LL Cool J") Did you hear what he's sayin homey he said LET'S GO! (I-I-I-I-It's like this y'all, and you don't stop-"LL Cool J") Ok we ain't playin man I said LET'S GO! (I-I-I-I-It's like this y'all, and you don't stop-"LL Cool J") (I-I-I-I-It's like this y'all, and you don't stop-"LL Cool J") [Verse Two: Method Man] Yo! I'm like Selleck with the magnum, without the P.I. This grown folk B.I. llama tucked in my Levi's This Killa Bee, keep a honey bee in the bee hive The type that beat the seeds and bring you weed on B.I. I'm on that Grand Hustle my dude shoutout to T.I. The dope I'm tryna hustle is compliments of the green eye E, let me bark on these youngins get in they heads I was gettin pissy drunk when they still was pissin the bed I can see why, they envy the swag 'cause Staten Island we Empty the mag you wave an enemy flag around here I got somethin to say, gimme the floor Matter fact, Doc let's cut to the chase, give me the swords Time to Leatherface the game got niggas sayin my name 'Til it taste like, shit in your mouth son, my goons snatch chains Slap the shit out your dame clap them thangs  Blow these niggas out they frame and we out, ONE!!! [Chorus: Erick Sermon & Redman] (Tony Touch Scratchin) LET'S GO! LET'S GO LET'S GO LET'S GO!!! (I-I-I-I-It's like this y'all, and you don't stop-"LL Cool J") LET'S GO! LET'S GO! LET'S GO! Did you hear what he's sayin homey he said LET'S GO! (I-I-I-I-It's like this y'all, and you don't stop-"LL Cool J") Ok we ain't playin man I said LET'S GO! (I-I-I-I-It's like this y'all, and you don't stop-"LL Cool J") (I-I-I-I-It's like this y'all, and you don't stop-"LL Cool J") [Verse Three: Erick Sermon] Uh! Mike was the king of pop, I'm dangerous I shoot the glock but I prefer the stainless I ain't even deep, that's Red and Meth I came with (Uh!) Red nor blue just them two I bang with I keep pursuin this so don't get angry I'm unpredictable sometimes they call me Jamie (Baby!) So when you see me comin be on your best behavior 'Cause it's too early for you to be meetin the savior Just 'cause for that, here's a favor (Uh!) Fuck around with them young boys will Just Blaze ya, hater You ain't hardcore fuck it you a liar! (Word!) That gangsta pass you had expired  Homes you a riot you crack me up I know a cat with no response that will back me up  (SAY WHAT!!!!) I speak the truth like the bible You never gonna make it like American Idol LET'S GO! [Chorus: Erick Sermon & Redman] (Tony Touch Scratchin) (I-I-I-I-It's like this y'all, and you don't stop-"LL Cool J") Did you hear what he's sayin homey he said LET'S GO! (I-I-I-I-It's like this y'all, and you don't stop-"LL Cool J") Ok we ain't playin man I said LET'S GO! (I-I-I-I-It's like this y'all, and you don't stop-"LL Cool J") The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Too $hort f/ Erick Sermon, Lloyd Album: Pimpin' Incorporated Song: Buy U Some 2 Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Pimpin' Incorporated, woo! [E Dub] Erick Sermon... Too $hort [$hort] Wassup player? We got the young homey from Decatur, Georgia [E Dub] Young Lloyd [Lloyd] A-Town [E Dub] Woooo! Word is bond [Lloyd] You never met a nigga like me [E Dub] Uh-uh! (Hey!) Word is bond [Lloyd] I don't think you ever met a nigga like me [$hort] Motherfucker! [Erick Sermon] Aiyyo this is part two of the shit, of Too $hort and E Dub New York, Oakland, stand up Show love you beeeitches No need to talk about the reeiches, I mean Trump punk Understand we back, rap mack, I'm Goldie I'm an oldie but goodie, in jeans and hoodie Outside is the Benz McLaren, the doors lift up Next week the new Bentley Coupe I'll pick up A chick like Jessica Rabbit lays in back Young Lloyd in the back serenadin the crack Yup, ask my nigga X man, "I'm vanglorious" Nigga they call me ex-land, dough before sex man I spend cash when I want and you save I'm a peeeimp, it say that on my Banner, ask Dave My favorite color is blue, but I ain't crippin I like Too $hort too, but "I Ain't Trippin," uhh [Too $hort] Me and Erick Sermon in a Benz on the interstate Wish this motherfucker had wings cause you in the way Let the car pass, we ain't signin autographs Unless you got every tape with every rhyme I ever rapped We rollin non-stop to the A-T-L How we stayin on top? You cain't make me tell And no we don't claim to be the biggest stars But when they see nigga's cars.. bitches pause Tryin to, find a way to be my friend Climb in her vagina so deep, I'm in And all these mad rappers tryin to flag me down I throw a piece sign, I'm 'bout to turn back around but I keep flyin, lil' homey keep rhymin While you keep whinin, when you see me big timin Cain't keep it to myself, man I had to tell You still rappin in my ear, I'm still mad as hell [E Dub] Nigga I had the Benz when I was 7 [$hort] I was fuckin supermodels when I was in 6th grade [E Dub] I fucked four thousand bitches [$hort] Nigga I'm rich [Lloyd] Bet you never met a nigga like me [Lloyd] In the, big do', six-fo' deluxe Ridin slow while the hydro's rollin up Gettin paged different dames la-di-da what's up Say they tired of playin games and they tryin to fuck wit'chu Spittin game, watch 'em open up Oh yes I love sex so just my luck Ain't too many young niggaz get mo' bucks than us And shorty fuck the price I like ice on my nuts Heyyy, you never met a nigga like me I don't think you ever met a nigga like me [E Dub] Woo! [$hort] Ay Lloyd, I can't even name all the R&B bitches I've fucked [E Dub] Man I've fucked so many movie star bitches they call me Mr. Hollywood [$hort] Nigga how much you worth? [E Dub] Man I just bought Egypt [Lloyd] You never met a nigga like me [Lloyd] I don't think you ever met a nigga like me [$hort] Buy you some, part two beitch [Lloyd] You never met a nigga like me The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Too $hort f/ Erick Sermon, Kool-Ace, MC Breed Album: Gettin' It (album number ten) Song: Buy You Some Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Verse One: Erick Sermon Whoo! Ah ah, ayahh, ahh ahh ahh And you don't stop, ahh ahh, word is bond, word is bond Now introducing the sound from the ghetto E Double and Too $hort, what the fuck you thought? I come with the ruckus, It's My Thing when I swing I'm Born to Mack, always strapped, with the black gat Who out there I swear boy wanna get touched Roll up, and catch a slug to the chest, so DUCK I talk the talk, walk the walk, now nigga Five hundred S drivin with hand on trigger Crazy Lestat, check my track record Everything I touch is gold since eighteen years old So what that mean? I roll the blunt  and puff the indo smoke in it, I trip in a minute Crazy holy doctor holdin me cuz I be rockin B Sewin up like Monopoly, nobody's stoppin me Dig it, Funkdafied like Brat, how's that? I stick and move on tracks while I smoke a twenty sack Who said the E can't rock? That's bullshit Suck my dick and get a big fat lick of my balls You wanna brawl? Punk I thought not You might get beat down and stomped like Sasquatch Your girl, like Keith Sweat, I wanna fuck her Psych, I already stuck her I got rhymes to make your whole head swell up Here's an icepack homeboy shut the hell up I rock the mic with Too $hort, y'all niggaz know what's happenin Everything he touch goes platinum Eyeeaaaah! Verse Two: Too $hort I made a half a million in a week And every nigga on the street got a tape playin me You can't believe it? Erick Sermon, rollin with $hort Rolled from California all the way to New York In big Benzes, G-50 up Now we trying to squash all that East/West stuff We spent years in the studio makin funky tracks Signed a bunch of niggaz with some tight ass raps It's like Father Dom, it's like Keith Murray Makin millionaires but it ain't no hurry Cuz we all in it for the long run I won't leave the studio until a song's done And ain't nuthin really hard about gettin my cash A big phat house with a million stash You other niggaz got this rap game distorted Givin DATs to the label, straight gettin shorted Claim you're gettin paid, but I can't tell You keep rappin in my ear got me mad as hell You talk a good game but I don't believe in you Be smokin lotta blunts but I got more weed than you I guess I see you on the charts in the meanwhile Another face in the crowd plus some freestyle Wishin you could be in the light Promoters pay me ten G's just to breathe on the mic Bitch! $hort Dawg puttin it down with the E Double Verse Three: Erick Sermon Shhhhh! You remind me of my phat gold chain Some of y'all are just small change Be a boss with true true game Yeah yeah Dig this y'all, my Music is Dangerous Atomic Dog, coming through the smog with $hort Dawg Ahhh! Quick with the trig Jack be nimble I shoot like G Mob goes liftin through my window Chik chik pow! How you like me now? The man in the mirror it don't get no clearer $hort Dawg, the E Double, and Breed we roll thick Like girls in C.A.U. with the good power-U Owww! Money is the key to fame So I can live it up with the girls on Soul Train The impact, major league dough like Dave Justice Yo Breed, $hort Dawg, show em how we bust this Verse Four: Too $hort, MC Breed, Kool Ace Like some true pioneers, don't forget it Put the money on the table, let's split it We got enough G's here to make us both happy Tell them fans we ain't runnin no coke factory It's $hort Dawg the real pimp of the century Girls get wet every time somebody mention me I was known for my mackin back in eighty-four I want it all, that's what I keep stackin for Have things that a rapper never dreamed of havin And I can tell them how to get it just keep rappin Life's a battle, headed for the new sun So many ways to get paid, you got ta choose one Now some of the ways to get paid out is runnin your mouth That street life will keep me tight, I'm talkin bout Gettin green, dolla dolla bills y'all That's on the real, somethin you can feel y'all Many claim to have game but you can get that on sale But ain't nuthin they sellin to you but Arbor and Gail I mean Sprinkle Me homey cuz I'm bout dollars and cents And if you ain't haulin dollars well you ain't holler in FlintI'd rather dip dip dive, so-socialize Get loot from the Great Lakes, West to Eastside You tramp, trick, HACH I spit Undergrade if you ain't gettin paid like this The hours of the ATL paves my name Spittin Mr. Macker izzer are you still in the game See I gets paid by the movement of the cut I've been summoned by the cancer, to testify and bless It's that, big mack, like scripture is a phat Kodeje?  So hide your hoe from me Southern am-bassador, knockin at your door Leadin a click that's true, checkin knowin all fifty-two See, all you tricks, best behave It's that Southern nigga mack from the city of the Brave I got the platinum caul, yes yes y'all So plant me with the green and them hoes and we can big ball Yeah, now we rollin four deep Double dosin, relaxin, and maxin to $hort and these beats E Double, $hort Dawg, Kool Ace In the place, and be all but bring you straight horror Representin money Buy you some nigga The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Too $hort f/ Erick Sermon Album: Chase the Cat Song: Fire Typed by: bootleg210@msn.com [Erick Sermon] Where my money at ho.. Where my money at yo.. Get my money 'fore I whip.. Forget your big fat ass We going off baby We don't mess around cuz I'm nautious baby You know I loaded it with the gun, pop pop.. Aiyyo, LET'S GO!!! Here we go y'all New shit new shit, out the door y'all Shorty Pimp, E-Dub once again So buy you some of this ghetto slum Underground music from A-T-L X rearranged it, Shorty B played it Me and Shorty laid it, my niggaz OKed it Carnefious Crawfish, next to slay it Damn right! We do it all day bitch Ride around in Benz's, twenty inch rimzes What Short told y'all, New York to California We put them high beams on ya - parkin lot pimpin With the boom-boom twelve inches kickin, we stay hittin Huh? The most consecutive Fifteen albums, we're the executives Who talkin money? [Hook - E. Sermon] Let's do it baby Me and Short dog on the mic baby It's going down all night baby Shootin all haters on sight baby THAT'S RIGHT!! Make room, E and Short be on fire! Everything we do is fire! This song is on fire! YO! [Too $hort] Bitch! That's my favorite word I cashed a million dollar check on Thursday the third Now it's flowin like water out the kitchen sink I make more money everytime you blink Got you scratchin ya head, made you stop and think He couldn't made all that he must have robbed a Brinks We been around so long, makin funky songs Now you gettin mad, say this cain't be goin on How come E and Short get to stay in the game? Don't ever talk down on a player's name So when you see us on top of every chart You know we been number one since the very start We feed families; when we rhyme, celebrate like champions You see mine - I never worry I don't want the stress, you know my story I learned how to ball from the best [Hook - E. Sermon] Let's do it baby Me and Short dog on the mic baby It's going down all night baby Shootin all haters on sight baby THAT'S RIGHT!! Make room, Eastcoast be on fire! Westcoast be on fire! Down south be on fire! YO! (Detroit, Chi-town!) [Erick Sermon] Don't stop the song now I'm not over I must leave the scene wrecked, before closure Highest doja, L.A. weed Monopolize the south like L.A. Reed (BITCH!) Sick individual, this here be the southwest coast Eastcoast material Erick Sermon, that's what I said man Fuck with Short and I and be a dead man [Too $hort] This is fire, pass it to me It's so hot, E lemme hit that weed Uptown, hydro is in my genes It's like green, I just my be a fiend Cuz I been tryin to O.D. lately And your never gonna rehabilitate me On a mission since the eigth grade Keep gettin high, and stay paid [Hook - E. Sermon] Let's do it baby Me and Short dog on the mic baby It's going down all night baby Shootin all haters on sight baby THAT'S RIGHT!! Make room, tonight is on fire! The roof is on fire! These hoes be on fire! ... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Xzibit f/ Erick Sermon, Tha Alkaholiks Album: Restless Song: Alkaholik Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [X] C'mon [E] Xzibit! [X] Yeah.. [E] Ahh, ahh, E-Dub [Xzibit] It's that millenium ridiculous flow, I never let go Niggaz gettin knocked out is part of my show Let 'em know who they fuckin with yo, a rhyme wrangler Tri-angular push-up the hillside strangler Dangle a, nigga by the ankle off the balcony Now let his punk ass go, look out below (BELOWWWW) It's a tale of two cities, come out when the sun go down We officially not fuckin around Stuck in the ground, fitted with a suit in a pine box (hah!) with my fresh pressed khakis in a slingshot So heatbox all day in a nigga face and all you bitches see the dick that you shoulda ate [Chorus 2X: Xzibit *singing*] Call it what you wanna call it I'm a fuckin Alkaholik Bring it if you really want it Ain't gotta put no extras on it! [Erick Sermon] Yo, I'm in the zone, and lyrically gone Got the spot blown, BOOM! Oklahoma Watch the aroma, catch those who love me My underground dirty cats on dune buggies I be the type to take your watch and flaunt it Kidnap T. Lewis and Jimmy Jam on it Yo, I bang a nigga head til his neck pop Do a KRS-One to a "Black Cop" X and E's, out for cream Get the money, while you stay broker than Al Bundy Uhh, give it to y'all, in "Any Given Sunday" With J. Foxx name the spot, make it hot (I hate E so much right now!) Blow it down hooker bounce come off the ropes like J. Snuka (*X*: Two fly motherfuckers) You can't fuck widdit Backed by +Open Bar+, so y'all forget it [J-Ro] J-McEnroe, cam smashin, party crashin I eat MC's like a ration I'm sockin niggaz in they goatees I leave you stiffer than that fool on my basketball trophies I'm in the room with 10 G's, countin ten G's cause we need a bag of weed (can you smell it?) Now we need ten dimes, to blow on deez like wind chimes Time to close the blinds cause you all in mines I bought a bottle for the session, and did not share it Drink so much Captain Mo' all I need is a parrot You took the Alkaholik challenge, and lost your balance You underground, we under water drinkin liquid by the gallons [Tash] Slurred words, double vision, brain bustin, head rushin Since I'm too drunk to walk, I rock a party on crutches and still rush the roughest MC who wanna get it Forget it, it's Likwit, Tha Liks and, Xzibit Ca-Tash on the blast the final piece to the puzzle I slap bitches on the ass I slap tits up out the muzzle I shuffle with the microphone, bang rhymes consistant You wack and I'm Ca-Tash and that's the motherfuckin difference For instance, "21 and Over" set your clocks back (Tick tock tick tock) Still standin where the rocks at Two-thousand-one, we still young guns that's +Restless+ (Thirty niggaz, sixty hoes) and that's the motherfuckin guestlist! 